I have that same iPod - I was one of the first several thousand people to buy one when it came out. Love the Chicago font, ease of navigation, and ease of sync. Wish Apple still made the classic, frankly. 
*In certain countries, not in others 
President Reagan killed it. Originally it was supposed to go to the suburbs and beyond. 
Didn't like Infinity War. I'm old enough now that I've seen enough bad stuff in reality (and in fiction) that the last thing I needed was something to make me more depressed. What a waste of money. My wife and I are in agreement - our tickets and concessions came to $60. Next Avengers movie, we will wait until its on Netflix. They're not getting another dime from us after that pile of garbage.
Well they should. There was a MAJOR scandal with those air ambulances and the Ontario Liberals. Anyone considering voting Liberal should read up on it prior to casting their ballot. Oh, and the gas plant scandal, and the wind turbine issues, and the zillion other scandals this government has had. They are exceptionally corrupt. 
The best Canadian whiskey ever. 
Nice! Ever take this bad boy to your local coffee shop just to see everyone's reactions as you "work"?
This is legit my current primary personal computer. I also have a 2013 Macbook Pro from my work. I guess doing everything on iPad and iPhone have made my current computer see a lot less use and therefore a longer upgrade cycle. 
Unpopular opinion: Detroit and Michigan as a whole would be much, much healthier if it went through amalgamation. For example, Toronto first had an additional layer of government added for their region called Metropolitan Toronto, which included "Old Toronto" and five other area cities. Eventually they merged the regional government and the six cities into modern, amalgamated Toronto. Imagine if every municipality from Flat Rock to Novi to Mount Clemens was all simply "Detroit" and had to pool resources and tax dollars and share an identical amount of funding for schools and policing. Suddenly the suburban people would have to care about the city. Ignoring downtown's safety or schools would mean doing the same in their own town. It worked in Toronto, it can work here too. 

Bold predictions: Detroit will continue to have major problems until a lot of the baby boomers die off because old attitudes are hard to change. Legalization of recreational cannabis will lead to a decrease in gang activity and violence. Detroit won't really be fixed until the schools are good. The suburbs will eventually whither and many of them will become ghettos or disappear entirely. It seems unlikely, but remember that Highland Park and even Flint used to be two of the wealthiest cities in the USA. Things can change rapidly. 
No worries! Wasn’t trying to be rude about it, just didn’t want anyone thinking the NDP supports the Senate! Haha. 
NDP Senators?! No such thing. The party wants to abolish the Senate. Only time former NDP members have agreed to become Senators they’ve been expelled from the party. 
Looks like something from Rohan. (Yes, from LotR.)
Ah, we get to the answer! Well:

1) Sorry if i made you feel unwelcome; people born and raised here who support Toronto are usually seen as fair game to be given a bit of grief.
2) You supporting the team from the town you were born and raised in makes complete sense. That’s totally normal and acceptable. 

Windsor is firmly in Metro Detroit.

As a local you’ll also be expected to support the Tigers and Pistons. Nobody from Metro Detroit cares about the Lions though. Ha!
The Wings have sold out every game for over a quarter century. Nice try. Again move to Toronto if you like your team so much. I can understand someone from the GTA throwing on a Leafs sweater. But someone from Windsor? You’re a traitor to your city and an embarrassment to yourself. 
Wow. Finally made it to the playoffs again because you bribed the Wings coach to jump ship. Meanwhile we just got off a quarter century of straight appearances. 
Because Leafs tickets are overpriced due to rampant scalping. In the meanwhile at least most Wings fans have seen multiple Cups in their lifetime. Were you even alive in the 60s?!
Nothing changes the fact that Transit Windsor busses literally take you directly to where the Wings play. Cheering for the Leafs means you are cheering for the away team, not the home team. 
I never really used the apps. Maybe because I have two series zero watches so the apps were always unusable anyway?

I just use my watch to keep time, show me my calendar and the weather, get notifications, and track fitness. Oh, and Apple Pay.

Never understood the point of apps on that tiny screen though. It’s not supposed to be a phone. We already have phones for that. 
Fuck off; you can literally see Joe Louis Arena from the Windsor Riverfront. Back when the NHL had exclusivity zones any hockey players from Windsor HAD to play for the Wings. Plus their first season, the team was called the Windsor Stars. Second season, they were the Detroit Cougars and they still played in Windsor, not Detroit. 

If you’re in Windsor and you don’t support the Wings, you’re a fucking traitor and we don’t want you here. Get out. 
Notice how the clock has Montreal and New York listed (instead of Toronto). At the time the airport was built Montreal was still the biggest city in the country. This was prior to the Quiet Revolution. 
From Goth Rock to more Electronic...

Lucretia, My Reflection by Sisters of Mercy
Marilyn, My Bitterness by Cruxshadows
Wreath of Barbs by Wumpscut
Beloved by VNV Nation
In My Time of Dying by Pride and Fall
We Want Revolution by Covenant 

If only they had holographic projector screens built in.

Seriously though this just makes me miss Windows Phone. It was extremely advanced. 
I'm almost out of space on my 256 GB iPhone 8 Plus. I have every photo I've taken going back to my first digital camera in 2000, my entire music collection, and a copy of Wikipedia.

I also live in a country where unlimited data plans do not exist and data is insanely expensive, so nobody I know is in the "I just stream everything" crowd.
Yes, and I have two. They do everything I want a smartwatch to do. 
Yes. In turn, both operating systems are based upon NEXTSTEP. 
Average in Canada is $4.93 USD per US gallon. Price in Vancouver is $5.79. Just for an example.
Gas prices in Canada are literally $1 a gallon more than anywhere in the USA. Thanks for playing. 
Thank you for posting this. They don't have photos of the nugs on their site and I was wondering.
r/cyberpunk
This is in English. Americans modified the English language for some reason but the English in all the Commonwealth countries such as the UK, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and even India all use the original spellings of words. 
"I have made a terrible mistake!"
I literally have two OEM black leather loop bands because it's my favourite and they don't make it anymore so I wanted a backup. Goes great with my stainless steel series 0 and space black stainless steel series 0. (I still see no overwhelming reason to upgrade so I'm sticking with those until one of them stops working.)
It's a charity. A percentage of the money goes to AIDS research. 
Part of the application to run for office in the NDP is to submit every single thing you’ve ever posted to the Internet. No, I’m not joking.
The smell of the sage out there is incredible in the spring!
The difference between full French and immersion is that immersion is designed for the family that isn’t francophone at home. That said, you can expect to have to put in some time learning French yourself over the years so you can help with school work. You will need to incorporate more French in your day to day life to help your child. But, even minimum wage workers often get several dollars more per hour just for speaking French, so the opportunities you’re giving your child will be well worth it.
They were founded in 1670 and used to hold so much territory that their flag flew all over the continent.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hudson's_Bay_Company
More like a company that used to control like 2/3 of North America and now is just some anchor store in malls.
I use my space black Milanese loop, black leather loop, sport bands in various colours, and I also have a nylon (NATO-style) band with black lugs. With that many options I frankly have trouble deciding which to wear.
Does your country have a formal heraldic authority that could design and legally grant you arms? I’d start there. Having a professional herald there for you will help immensely. 
This is a sub like r/watches - watches are a fashion item with some small functionality. (In the case of Apple Watch, it tells the time, provides notifications, does fitness tracking, and has extremely rudimentary app functionality).

It’s not a real smartphone. Nobody is spending hours poking at apps on their wrist. The Apple Watch is more watch than technology. Yet r/watches hates the Apple Watch because to them it “isn’t a real Watch”. So we come here.

There’s only so much you can really write about the Apple Watch though. I have two, I love them both. I don’t really use third party apps. I’m on this sub to see fashion pics of the Watch such as different bands, and to discuss new features when Apple releases a new OS or a new model of the Watch, which happens rarely.

Again, comparing this sub to, say, r/iPhone misses the mark. It’s basically r/watches for those that feel discriminated against on that sub due to their anti-Apple Watch bias.
Never heard of that site, and I’ve been a tech enthusiast my entire life and on the Web since the early 90’s. 

Edit: Not sure why my saying I’ve never heard of a particular website means I’m downvoted into oblivion! For some background, I took Internet History back in college and scored some ridiculous mark (150% so obviously an A). I’ve worked in technology for nineteen years including for some major companies you’ve probably heard of. I’ve done programming and product design. I was one of the first people to buy the original iPod and iPhone. I also had the first smartphone with a colour web browser. I read various tech blogs and watch tech podcasts as time permits given that I work constantly and have a family.

Sorry if I’ve offended anyone by saying I’ve never heard of that site. But, I haven’t. Seeing a post about it was kind of like reading, “I can’t believe Joe’s blog didn’t review the new iPhone!” Anyone downvoting care to explain why?!
Scott Funnel used to run band bookings at the Coach and Horses for years. He had his own metal/heavy music festival, Funnelfest. He ended up at the Dominion House after the Loop complex (including the Coach) closed down, kinda doing the same thing. Not sure if that’s still going on though, but it should give you somewhere to start.

Villains Beastro might be another place to try. I’d also ask at Dr. Disc and Phog if they know of anything. 
If I ask for a Grande Pike with room, the room is completely inconsistent. If I ask for a Tall Pike in a Grande cup, the barista manages to measure out the perfect amount of coffee. Every. Single. Time.
I’m old-fashioned. I think if people can’t do their job properly, they should be fired. I don’t care if they’re drunk, high, or just incompetent.

I don’t believe in drug testing though. If drug use is affecting job performance, then just rate the poor job performance. No piss test necessary.
My wife went through exactly this. When they let her go on her “training day” (she had 10+ years experience so there was no justification for this) and refused to give her wages or even the tips she was given by customers, I went in and refused to leave until they paid her. They threatened to call the police, and since they were breaking the law I asked them to do exactly that. They relented and paid my wife. The police called me later that night to ask what happened. I explained. They said, “That is reprehensible of them to put you in that situation. In any case they’ve filed a trespass order so neither you nor your wife are allowed back on their premises. Good luck out there, and hope your wife finds a job with a better employer.” Not that we would have ever gone there as customers anyway. 
Want this. Where did you get them?
The 8, 8 Plus, and X all have the same processor. As a result, due to how many pixels are driven by each phone, the iPhone 8 is actually the fastest cell phone that exists right now. Fewer pixels to drive than the 8 Plus and X means that iPhone 8 is the world champion for cell phone speeds right now. I’d say that’s worth buying.
I’m jealous of your adventure and wish you the best of luck!
Have two series zero stainless steel Apple Watches. Change bands several times a day. No issues with the mechanism. 
Looks like imagery from the Toronto band The Birthday Massacre.

r/NothingandNowhere
Honestly you can install Mac OS X, get the real iPhoto, and run OS 9 programs in Classic. That’s what I would do.
Medical cannabis has been legal in Canada since 2000 or so. Health Canada recommends doctors only renew the prescriptions of patients who agree to vapourize (or eat) their cannabis rather than smoke it. This is due to multiple studies that have shown smoking is bad for your health (go figure) whereas vapour is not.
Looks like it has actually gone up from 50% over the years.

"When [human resource professionals were] asked if pre-employment testing was done prior to hiring an individual, a majority (57%) reported they test for job candidates, a slight increase in 2011 vs. 2010. The remaining categories of pre-employment testing, (selected candidates only, and positions required by state law) indicated a decrease in testing in 2011 vs. 2010 perhaps due to the slowdown in the economy. Thus, in 2011, 71% of respondents reported some category of pre-employment drug testing. However, the percentage of respondents who reported that their organizations do not conduct any pre-employment testing rose from 21% in 2010 to 29% in 2011. The companies were not asked the reasons as to why they did not drug test, but several reported that they did not believe in drug testing (see Figure 5)."

Fortner, Neil A.; Martin, David M.; Esen, S. Evren; and Shelton, Laura , "Employee Drug Testing: Study Shows Improved Productivity and Attendance and Decreased Workers’ Compensation and Turnover," Journal of Global Drug Policy and Practice (2011), Volume 5, Issue 4, p. 6
One time I brought a bouquet of flowers through the border. Border guard threw it right in the trash. Unreal. 
“Legal”. Still illegal under US Federal law. Canada is legalizing at all levels of government. 
Yeah, in the USA approximately 50% of all jobs have drug testing (including cannabis). In Canada it’s just high risk jobs that test (e.g. law enforcement, military, some construction, oil rigs, etc.). Testing in other fields is asking for a lawsuit.
I wish I were there, right now.
Typical Doberman behaviour! They're such an awesome breed. 
Canadian here. The founding nations of Canada are said to be England, Scotland, Ireland, and France, along with the people who were here long before Europeans, the First Nations, Métis, and Inuit. There’s quite an Irish diaspora here, although back in the day you’d see the die hard Republicans going more to the States and Orangemen more up in Canada. The States have far more people who claim to be “Irish”, more Irish pubs per capita, etc., but because of the “melting pot” they have little real connection to their claimed culture. Canada has far fewer people screaming about being “Irish” but the ones you meet seem more genuinely connected. Plus St. Patrick’s Day is an official holiday in Newfoundland and Labrador. Unlike the USA, Canada has socialized healthcare for doctors visits and hospital stays, but not for dental or pharmacare. In general Canada is more left-wing than the States, is proud of its “cultural mosaic”, and has more of a European feel than many places that aren’t Europe, especially the USA. But it isn’t Europe obviously, a lot of American culture seeps up here. One thing to watch out for (if you care) is if you become a citizen you have to swear an oath to the Queen.
Capacity doesn't mean the room in the hospital - it actually means the number of beds the government has funded. That means a hospital at 100% capacity might have room for 30% more beds if they'd just cough up the cash.

In Windsor, this is happening right now with the mental health facility at Hotel Dieu. They're at over 100% capacity according to the Liberals and yet there is a whole wing with empty beds, waiting for patients.
Actually not a lot of people remember this but nearly a decade before Netflix, Blockbuster teamed up with Enron to create a movie streaming service. Then Enron went under and Blockbuster was scared to try it a second time. 
Apple appears to be only a few months from bankruptcy. Do you think they'll make it or are we doomed to live in a world where Bill Gates controls all technology?
Your house looks clean. Enjoy it while it lasts! My wife and I look at videos of our kid from before she walked or crawled and we usually marvel more at how clean the house used to be than anything about the baby!
NeXT was paid to take over Apple. After Steve's return, old Apple ceased to exist as the executive became mainly NeXT executives, and the old board of directors was sent on their way. Mac OS X (now branded macOS), iOS, even watchOS - they're all just NEXTSTEP. So, I'd consider a NeXT Cube to be more "Apple" than, say, a Quadra or anything else Apple branded from the mid-1990's.

Mail.app, for example, is still on the same codebase.
Scenes from beaches in the Victorian era are all so bizarre. All those clothes, and the “bathing machines”. 
Pretty bland. They couldn’t incorporate a cannabis leaf?

The NDP in BC had a better approach with a hybrid public/private system that still allows for traditional dispensaries.
BC: Before Canada
AD: After Detroit

I moved a whopping 6.5 miles from home into an entirely new country. There have been many major changes in my life over the years as I’ve since graduated university and started a family and great career, but moving into an entirely different country is the big dividing line in my life.
Other way around. Nova Scotia got this grant, people forgot and the grant was lost, got a new grant, used that one (with the salmon on it) until this one was found, the rest is history. 
I don’t know about criminology....

The law program at Windsor is quite good and is one of the better known programs at the university - you can even become a lawyer who can practice in both the USA and Canada due to a dual articulation program the University of Windsor runs jointly with Wayne State University, which is about four miles away in Detroit.
Windsor (and the rest of Canada) will have legal recreational pot. It is expected to roll out on Canada Day, July 1st (although it may be slightly delayed).

We are happy to have those tax revenues, so feel free to keep prohibition going in Michigan as long as you want.
Bridge, Partington, Rankin, and Randolph are probably your best bets. 
The entirety of Michigan's lower peninsula was called Kent County, Upper Canada (Ontario) until right around the year 1800. In Ontario's first provincial election the people of Detroit and Windsor elected and sent two MPPs (Member's of Provincial Parliament) to the provincial capital, which at the time was Niagara-on-the-Lake, Upper Canada (Ontario).

Michigan was then handed to the Americans by British negotiators, although it took decades for troops to clear out of certain fortifications.
The Big Mac was a McDonald's ripoff of the Big Boy.
You can put it on your wrist and then when you want to know what time it is, instead of fishing your phone out of your pocket, you can just glance at your wrist. Also, when you get a text message or other notification you can just glance at your wrist. You can also use it to track your fitness goals. You can also store music on it for when you leave your phone at home. That's about it.

Its a fancy, hi-tech watch. Not sure what else you're expecting it to do...
It was 26 years ago, so, yes.
I travel so much I think my iPhone would run out of space if I held on to old boarding passes!
Are you kidding? Windsor has one of the most vibrant Chinese communities in Canada. The food here is epic.

Best West Side: Dragon's Inn 
Best Downtown: Jade
Best Budget Asian: Mini
Best East Side/Buffet: Ming Wah
Best Nostalgia: Mimi Gardens
Canadians can be in the States up to six months a year for tourism with no visa required. 
They also have an awesome flag which is simply a banner of the arms.

[Link to the flag's entry in the Register of Arms](http://reg.gg.ca/heraldry/pub-reg/project-pic.asp?lang=e&ProjectID=1834&ProjectElementID=6195) 
Somebody has to do it, and usually the person doing it is a single parent struggling to get by. Call centres have some of the highest stress, depression, and suicide rates of any field of employment.

I really don't understand your attitude. If they decided their workplace needed improvement and so they unionized, why would you ever defend them all being fired?!
Anyone in a Commonwealth Realm who turns 100!
Hardly. Check this out for more details: [http://www.canadalandshow.com/podcast/need-talk-reddit/](http://www.canadalandshow.com/podcast/need-talk-reddit/) 
r/Canada has been infiltrated by racist mods. Try r/onguardforthee - it is the new and improved r/Canada
This is amazing. Thank you!
I'm no fan of the current government in Queen's Park, but Ontario has a lower business tax than any provincial or state government in North America, so I don't think that's the issue. This was Shaw being spiteful, no more, no less.
Yes.
Loblaws and McDonald's self checkout in Canada are tap or card only. To use cash you have to get into a (much longer) line with a human cashier.
I switched from Apple to Microsoft products for a year. Got a Windows Phone, tablet, even a Microsoft Band. Now the phone and wearable lines are gone. What happened?

What would you do to right the ship if you were at Microsoft today?
Had something similar to this happen to me at a grocery store once. Normally would have had my kid in the cart but that time I didn't. Gave the young driver a long talking-to.

"If my kid were in this cart you just destroyed, we wouldn't be having this pleasant conversation right now."
Honestly I've had iPhones continually since the day they launched (except one year I tried out Windows Mobile) and I can't recall iOS ever being able to have conditional, layered smart playlists. But maybe it was there briefly and they took it away?!
The problem with iOS devices is you can't layer playlists, which we used to be able to do with the iPod. For example, my favourite playlist from iTunes (which would sync to iPod) was called Fresh Mix and it would have all songs added in the last month, all 3 star and above songs from the last three months, all four star and above songs from the last year, and some of my most played songs of all time and any five star songs. Can't replicate it in iOS!
Ever bring this thing to a coffee shop just to see the reactions? Does the battery hold a charge?
From what I've seen, the black wears off on the imitations. I have a replica Milanese for my stainless steel but an Apple OEM for my space black stainless steel. 
When the app store first went live I downloaded games all the time. They were cheap and fun and good for a quick distraction. I'm too busy to be a "gamer" or buy a  gaming console.

Now all the games involve in-game credits and to get anywhere you have to spend seemingly near infinite sums. I haven't downloaded a new game to my phone in years and find the downfall of the app store the most disappointing thing about Apple in the last decade. Android has the same issue.
I had my first smartphone in 2003. Handspring Treo 300, first smartphone with a colour screen and Web browser. What was it like not having a smartphone until 2012?! I couldn't even imagine...
Yeah bud, I'm aware. I've taken the subway many times  in multiple cities including Toronto and NYC. Was just pointing out that nobody in Windsor would take routes with those stops on those lines - the subway lines as depicted here make zero sense.
Not exactly what I meant. The stops and line placement for the Windsor side makes no sense. I’ve seen some good mass transit proposals for Windsor and actually tried to find one earlier to post here, but couldn’t turn any up. 
Yeah, its a cool concept but the Windsor side doesn't mesh with reality at all.
Reminds me of the Apple Watch!
Actually if you follow the link to the Tumblr page they have a whole eBook you can download. It's got quite a bit of content, and I've had many friends on both sides of the border find it useful. 
Yup. In Canada the iPhone X 256 GB with AppleCare is well over $2000 after tax. I’m happy with my 8+. Better battery life, same processor, $500 less. 
Curious customer here. We've had blonde espresso for a while in Canada (like, since early or mid 2017). Did it just get rolled out in the States or something?
One problem is the fact that nurses uniforms don't seem as distinct anymore. They used to wear that hat... thing. Everyone called it a nurses hat but I have no idea what it's really called. Doctors always wore a white coat. Anyone in coloured scrubs was an aide.

Now everyone wears scrubs all the time, and a lot of them will have stupid prints like Mickey Mouse or flowers or whatever. Some hospitals post colour coded guides to who is wearing which colour of scrubs but its obviously too confusing if even doctors are messing it up. I don't care if men are nurses now, just bring back the hats anyway.
Regardless, healthcare is literally an issue you can fix by spending more. Hire more doctors and nurses and wait times go down. It's not brain surgery. Well, healthcare can include brain surgery, but that's besides the point!
Pretty much any city in Canada you can go to a bar, sit down, and strike up a conversation with others. Maybe even make some friends.

Do that in Ottawa and people tend to look at you like you have two heads, hence why I don't live there anymore.

So yeah, finding some places to volunteer would be a good start. Or a sporting group, trivia team, etc. People in Ottawa seem to prefer formal activities that are planned out for whatever reason.
Well there you go. You had nearly half a century of Progressive Conservative rule. Of course your health care is gutted. You have to fund it.

Now that you have the NDP I'm sure everyone would support a 1% sales tax for better healthcare right? No? Well, the money has to come from somewhere.
As someone who doesn't live in Toronto I have to say I love Presto. I use it for the subway, streetcars, UP Express, GO, and when I'm in Ottawa I use it on OC Transpo out there. Only thing that would be better would be if it just worked on my Apple Watch so I'd have one less card to carry. That's how London's Underground works and it is amazing. 
In London's underground you can tap to pay now. I used my CIBC card via my Apple Watch and it worked flawlessly. Way better than having a separate card with its own account like Presto.
1) You know how they just did a multi-billion dollar expansion of the 401, which used to end at the city limits of Windsor but now goes almost entirely to the Detroit River? That’s where the bridge will be. 

2) Most truck traffic will get right into the 401 via the new bridge instead of having to hit Windsor surface streets like Huron Church.

3) The existing border crossings are from the early 20th century and can’t handle the current volume of trade. Plus Canada wants the traffic removed from the city’s university district.

4) Nah. 

Here’s an overview video:

[https://youtu.be/YfDzYF3ywtU](https://youtu.be/YfDzYF3ywtU) 
I always upvote the Visodate!
1/1 chance á Starbucks - payee avec votre carte Starbucks et voila, plus de café c’est gratuit.

(Désolé pour mon mauvaise français.)
This is so wrong I don’t even know where to start. First of all, Canadians pay less in taxes for health care than Americans do, and in Canada everyone is covered, whereas in the USA all that are covered are the destitute and the elderly (Medicare and Medicaid). Next, care is triaged in Canada, so if it was medically necessary, the boy would have had his surgery a lot sooner. Plus let’s not forget that in addition to the tax in the USA for Medicare and Medicaid (which is higher than Canadian healthcare tax) most Americans pay for private insurance - which you can think of as an additional “voluntary tax”. Which can easily be one or two thousand dollars per month for a family. So who is taxed more?!
I like it. 
Entire countries store the data on their phone rather than the cloud. Example: Canada, where some cell providers charge as much as $100 for a measly 1 GB of data. Using the cloud for everything just isn’t a viable option for millions of people. 
Just a couple years ago about 40% of phones in Europe were Windows Phone OS.

I spent a year on Windows Phone and loved it, but it's a dead platform now. 
Back when becoming a citizen involved showing up. Nowadays you have to go through thousands in fees, years of waiting, and that's just to become a green card holder. 
CBC's Apple TV app is nothing short of amazing. It has every show on demand for free, kids shows have no ads, and for a small monthly fee you can get live 24x7 access to CBCNN (the CBC 24 hour news channel).
The cultural access pass is paid for with private donations, not taxpayer dollars. It’s to help new citizens further integrate into the Canadian family.

Not sure where the problem is there.
In Canada nearly every major restaurant chain has a vegetarian option on the menu. In Canada Subway has falafel or veggie “chicken” patties at the franchise owner’s discretion. 
Forgot the /s. Sorry bout that.

Point being, he’s yesterday’s news.
Who is Patrick Brown?
The reason people post that way is because it used to be a straightforward process but the Harper Conservatives completely fucked the process up, breaking up families and costing people insane amounts of money and additional time. I got my citizenship last year after ten years in Canada. Under the previous system that existed for decades I would have had Canadian citizenship way back in 2010.

With how terrible the Conservatives treated immigrants I would rather die than vote Tory. 
It’s not from taxes, it’s from the Institute for Canadian Citizenship, which is funded entirely from private donations. 
Agnostic means you believe in some kind of spirit but do not believe you fully understand it. Atheist means you don’t believe in spirituality at all. I fail to see how someone can claim to take part in a religion if they claim to have no faith or spiritual belief. Doesn’t make sense. 
I think you can be agnostic and Wiccan, but not atheist and Wiccan. 
Apple Maps (convenience) or Navigon (best for long trips and offline use) usually.
Every single time I've had a job interview and they wanted me to sign something to consent to drug testing I've walked right out of the room. No matter how dire my financial situation has been, even when I wasn't a user of cannabis (or anything else for that matter). If everyone refused, these employers would be forced to change their tune. The FBI has been in that boat lately as they can't find qualified ethical hackers who don't use cannabis.
You can get gap coverage through private insurance providers like Green Shield. 
Looks like something from Canada; probably British Columbia. Obviously not an official Coat of Arms but just something decorative. I say Canada because of the bald eagle (indigenous only to North America). It shows two British naval ensigns and you're spot on about the rose, thistle, and shamrock. 
Recreational. Canada has had medical nationwide since 2000. 

Edit: Thanks for the congrats!
My wife and daughter had to stay in the hospital for six days due to a long labour, emergency c-section, and jaundice treatments. Total cost? Zero. Country? Canada.

My sister worked for a doctor in the USA and had a normal labour and delivery. She had "great insurance". Cost? $10,000+. 
Garmin InReach provides global SOS, texting, and ability to post your location to social media. Not cheap but it works anywhere and you can even pair their satellite device with your phone.
Because they shut down their call centre in Windsor and put all those people out of work I was going to switch to another provider using my next paycheque. This outage might inspire me to switch today, literally. 
Another vote for Threads here. For those who don't know, it's a movie made in the 1980's about a World War III scenario between NATO and the USSR. Takes place in the United Kingdom.

The first half is the lead up to the bombs dropping and some of the main characters are paying zero attention to what's been on the news lately as they go about their lives.

Then the bombs drop. Spoiler alert - some of the main characters are just simply never seen again.

The second half is the aftermath. While it wasn't made as a horror movie nearly everyone I know who has ever seen it has reported trouble sleeping for at least a week or two afterwards.

Scariest. Movie. Ever. 
Have you run a Geiger counter over that thing? Many of those towns are extremely contaminated. 
By the way, almost all of these look better than the current state flags, so kudos for that!
The flag of Washington, D.C. was actually George Washington’s personal flag, as issued by the King of Arms in London!
[Here it is. ](http://reg.gg.ca/heraldry/pub-reg/project.asp?lang=e&ProjectID=540)

That was issued in 1995 and I think the Canadian Heraldic Authority was getting pushed around by mayors more in the 1990’s. If they HAD to go with a Canadian pale, they should have stretched the escutcheon throughout the black portion. In my humble opinion. 
Yeah, I saw it was OP after I started typing. OP clearly spent a bit of time and effort on this and should be commended for that.

Also clearly many British possessions used ensigns with escutcheons. My point was that OP redesigned a flag designed by the College of Arms in London to make it more British, when it already was. You’re right that I wasn’t nice about what I said and I’m sorry for that. 
Been thinking about getting this. I want a Hermes AW but one with a regular black strap or cuff. I’m not digging the holes in the one you have but I’m definitely not getting one with brown or beige leather. 

Edit: do you like it?
Yes, because having lower business taxes than anywhere in the USA is SO left wing, right? I can’t stand Trudeau or the Liberals but what you’re saying doesn’t jive with reality. 
Hey - I actually study vexillology. Between the crappy fantasy flags I see on here all the time and now being downvoted for suggesting people actually follow the rules of heraldry, I think it’s time for me to unsubscribe to this sub. It’s just not the place for me, or anyone else who is serious about the subject.
Honestly, as a member of the Royal Heraldry Society of Canada, most of these do not follow the rules of heraldry and would be rejected by any Commonwealth heraldic authority. For example, Maryland’s real flag is based on a real banner of arms as issued by appropriate authorities in the United Kingdom and is why it is such a distinct and unique flag. The appropriate way to create a flag is generally a banner of the arms. So rather than sticking a coat of arms on a red or blue flag with a canton, you would take the shield of the arms and essentially stretch it into a rectangle. See New Brunswick or [Nova Scotia’s](http://reg.gg.ca/heraldry/pub-reg/project.asp?lang=e&ProjectID=1176) flags for examples. The reason why Ontario and Manitoba are exceptions is the old flag of Canada was a red ensign and when Canada switched to the new Maple Leaf flag those provinces wanted red ensign flags of their own.
Downtown Veterinary Clinic with Dr. Jim Sweetman (he goes by Uncle Jim). Great service, reasonable prices, very experienced. 
I've seen that in Manhattan. 
Try turning to channel 3. 
There are a lot of free online university and college courses you can take (for no credit) through major institutions.

There are also apps that you can use to download Wikipedia to your phone. You can download the whole thing (with images, or without to save space) or a subset of what they consider the most important articles. I’d start with those most important articles and click around.

Finally, if you can travel, the best conversations I’ve ever had have been at cheap restaurants and coffee shops near major universities. I’ve seen famous professors sitting at tables with couchsurfing punks and hippies discussing science, history, and philosophy at 3 am. Get out there and talk to people. 
1) I stated above that the Apple Watch outsells all other smart watches _combined_.

2) I was also one of the first people to ever buy an iPod and iPhone. Nobody cares.

3) The Apple Watch can make calls independent of an iPhone (you do need an iPhone for initial setup, but that’s it).

4) If you personally don’t like watches, that’s fine. It doesn’t change the fact that Apple Watch has actually been an enormous success.

5) Happy cake day.
Think of it this way. Not only does Apple Watch pull in more money than every other smart watch and fitness tracker combined, it also pulls in more money than Rolex, Omega, Tissot, Casio, Timex, and every other watch manufacturer. So, no, not a flop. Everyone loves hating on Apple though so when they come out with a new product line everyone bashes it in the first year or two. Same thing happened with iPod, iPhone, and iPad. I’ve seen this movie before. 
Apple Watch pulls in more revenue and profit than the entire Microsoft Surface line. 
For me it wasn’t about spending $1000 on an iPhone X - it was about spending $4000. My wife and I were both due for an upgrade and we really need onboard storage. There is no way we weren’t getting AppleCare. iPhone X with 256 GB and AppleCare is over $2000 in my country and dropping $4000 on a couple of phones just wasn’t going to happen. Got two iPhone 8 plusses, which actually have longer battery life and slightly better performance than iPhone X and we couldn’t be happier. Not planning to buy new phones for at least three years now. 
Gotcha. You did say that in the description, but the title said black and I wanted to double-check. Hope whatever you pick is something you love for years to come.
Depends on if you mean space grey or space black. The space grey is treated aluminum and not as durable. The space black has DLC. I've had my SB for years and not a scratch can be seen.
Most people that have the watch seem to stay away from 3rd party apps for the most part. It is a watch, it sets itself and displays the time. It displays notifications. It tracks your health. Unlike your phone, you're not going to spend a lot of time playing around with it.

It was specifically designed by Apple for interactions lasting seconds rather than minutes or hours. So, if you were expecting it to be a toy you'd play with, you'll be disappointed. If you were expecting a kick-ass watch, you'll be happy. It's a damned good watch.
The NDP proposed it and now the Liberals are stealing it as a campaign plank. As usual.

The Liberal model is to campaign left and then turn sharp right. 
Give it some time. When you’re 18 you can change. You can reinvent yourself. You’re just starting - there is so much time to improve yourself and your situation. Don’t lose hope. 
[The Trans-Canada Trail](https://thegreattrail.ca/) 

Edit: Someone want to explain why they disagree instead of just downvoting me to hell?
Gorgeous looking OS... Now to blow your mind, macOS (formerly called Mac OS X) has looked basically the same since 2001. Imagine how futuristic it was when Windows XP was still in beta and the current OS for PC was Windows 2000 and Windows Millennium Edition!
I’ve met her a few times and she seems down to earth and like a “regular Ontarian” so that’s good...

On the flip side, I met Justin Trudeau once (before he was PM) and he came off like a used car salesman. Creepy vibe.
I remember pre-Internet when the only way to get into City Club and its unmarked entrance was if you knew someone who already went there and would vouch for you. Back when cameras and certainly cell phones were forbidden. Back when there was a parking garage next door.

I haven’t been there in a long, long time but would love to check it out just to marvel at the changes.
Zehr’s in Windsor
I’ve seen that look once or twice. Hope the doggo got a treat right after the pic was snapped!
Happy Australia Day!
What an epically cute pupper doggo!
Gorgeous watch!
All aboard the downvote train!

Seriously, I love watches and I love this sub, but all I wear anymore are my Apple Watches because I love them so much. Apple Watches are watches too man! If you prefer an automatic or a quartz, that’s cool too!

(Hey folks, you can disagree without downvoting by clicking reply, eh?!)
Charlie Angus and some of his core supporters have come off as incredibly sore losers. This isn’t like when Mulcair was elected and was completely contrary to NDP policy on fair trade and cannabis. Singh has been careful to stay in line with party policy. Angus needs to get with the program - he probably could have held a very senior role in the NDP if he would have just been a nicer guy. I scored Angus higher on my ballot than Singh and honestly I regret that now.
I’m sure you can creep my post history if you really care, but the answer is anywhere in Canada. My wife and I could spot people not from Ottawa instantly upon meeting them because they were friendly like most Canadians. People who have spent their whole lives in Ottawa are more reserved and standoffish when meeting new people and to people from the rest of the country such behaviour seems rude. It wasn’t just us, we heard the same story from people not from Ottawa who moved there over and over again. Difficult to make friends, people are cold and distant, etc., etc.

That isn’t to say everyone is like that. When we first arrived in Ottawa some random guy helped us move boxes from our moving van into our apartment, and no he didn’t take anything. Was just genuinely nice. But again that was the exception, not the norm.
[Apple Watch Series 0](https://imgur.com/gallery/4DaLD) on a black Apple leather loop band - because I know how popular Apple Watch is on r/Watches
Stainless steel works dressed up or down. Ceramic with sports band, not so much. Now, pair the ceramic with a space black Milanese and it’s a different story entirely. 
My wife and I found Ottawa quite chilly, and I don’t mean the weather. It was the main reason we didn’t stay there (we lived in Ottawa for four years).

Best thing you can do is join clubs, find hobbies, volunteer, find people to play sports with, etc. It’s not easy but it’s possible to find friends there. Just don’t expect it to happen right away, and I’d expect your friends to keep themselves mainly confined to discussing and enjoying whatever activity you found them through.
Which is funny because every time I’ve had a poutine in Quebec the fries were burned or charred and the flavour was just... bad. They may have invented poutine but Ontario perfected it.

*braces for downvotes*
Yes. The 8 and 8 Plus do also. You can get an 8 right now for cheap on FM and maybe even sell your old iPhone 6.
We were discussing Canada, not the USA.

In the USA, 50% of all employers perform drug testing.

In Canada, courts have ruled that wide sweeping drug testing without good reason is illegal. Unless an employer can prove there are safety issues that must be mitigated through drug testing, it is a violation of the constitutional rights of the employee. 
I have a job where I can work online from anywhere and so my wife and I just moved to Windsor a couple years back and now we are looking to buy a house.

So yes, r/Canada, Windsor is terrible. There are no jobs, it is ugly, it is hot in the summer and cold in the winter, it is just like the most crime ridden part of Detroit, and you'll get shot if you just visit for five minutes, let alone move here.

(Seriously though, don't move here - if the rest of Canada figures out how amazing this place is before I buy a house I won't be happy - I want these low real estate prices to continue, even though they shot up 50% in the last two years alone...)
Silly question... how does the tachometer work on this one? I don’t understand the purpose of the right subdial as it looks quite different from a regular tach like you would see in the original Speedy.
Freeds in Windsor.
Donald Sutherland?
Thought it was Donald Sutherland...
Star Trek II: The Wrath of Kahn

Kaaaaaaaahhhhhhhnnnnnnnnn!!!!
NAFTA was signed in the mid-90’s and the effects were felt fairly quickly. The city most affected by NAFTA is Canada’s automotive capital of Windsor, Ontario, which had the worst economy in the country from 2000 to 2016, and lost two thirds of its population aged 19-34 between 2000 and 2010 due to the apocalyptic economic situation. NAFTA has devastated this country almost as if airplanes were above dropping bombs on entire communities. Windsor picked up Ontario’s only NDP seat around 2000 or so and now the surrounding area has three NDP seats at the Federal level and three NDP seats at the Provincial level, and that’s all despite the NDP losing a ton of ground in the rest of Ontario - out here we actually saw NDP gains in the last election, and landslide victories. Main reason? NDP opposition to NAFTA.
NAFTA is absolutely horrible, and the NDP’s opposition to NAFTA is the main reason I support the party. Likewise, Tom Mulcair saying he essentially supported NAFTA as-is was enough for me to cancel my membership. He changed his tune right before the election but his opinion on NAFTA and cannabis (along with the balanced budget at all cost thing) cost the NDP the election, in my opinion.

Even though Jagmeet was definitely not on the top of my ballot in the leadership race I’ve donated more to the party since he came on board than I ever have. I’m so glad we are rid of Mulcair.
Thai Palace on the East Side.
This has been a problem for at least a decade and even covered by the media. If it hasn't been fixed yet I don't know what to say.
The question is if they're actively union busting. Wal-Mart is the same story. A store unionized in Quebec, they closed the store, and I never set foot in one of their stores again.

I'm not in a union myself but I think that these kinds of tactics are a direct assault on the middle class and need to be fought vigorously.
I was insanely happy with Wind/Freedom for many years. Until this. Now I'm going to switch to one of the Big Three. I called a couple months back when this was a rumour and told them I'd do exactly that if they went through with it. 
Finder. Column View. *mic drop*
Looks like portrait mode even though it clearly isn’t. Impressive. 
“Legal” cannabis in these states was just the state governments saying they wouldn’t enforce the Federal law and they would license dispensaries and treat them much like other businesses. The thing is, it was never actually legal according to Federal law. Previously the Feds said they weren’t going to crack down on states violating the law. That ends now.

What is sad or amusing (I’m not sure which) is that I literally just pointed this out about a week ago on this sub, that it’s still illegal under Federal law in the USA and the Feds can clamp down whenever they want, and I was downvoted to hell. The truth hurts.

You’re all welcome to come join the party up here in Canada on July 1st when it’s simultaneously made legal at the Federal and Provincial levels.
Great point. I honestly don’t know if they have business plans or not at Freedom. 
I love vexillology but I’m not a fan of all the fantasy flags on here. Wish there were a filter to only show real current or historical flags. Only exception for me would be a situation like New Zealand recently who were discussing maybe getting rid of their flag in favour of a new one.

I’m hoping you guys will consider a filter, as I really don’t want to unsubscribe but I’m seriously contemplating it.
Yes! In general availability of Mexican food seems better in the States, although it has been improving in Quebec and throughout Canada over the last decade or so. 
There’s no Canadian Girl Guides in Quebec? I always found their mint cookies better than the American Girl Scout cookies.
BlackBerry transitioned from their classic OS to BB10 and now even that has been replaced by Android. I’d at least get a BB10 device so there’s somewhat better support. If you like the 9300 a Blackberry Classic might be what you’re really looking for.
Most phone providers do this (mobile and landline). It’s so they can sell more expensive plans to businesses, as it is not uncommon in business to be in a conference call for several hours, and it is considered unprofessional for the call to drop after two hours every single time. 
iFix is the only licensed Apple repair shop in Windsor-Essex. I’d go there or to an Apple retail store in Metro Detroit. 
I was one of the first people to have an original iPod. I used to get stares because of the white earbuds then, too. I still get stares and gasps when I pay with my Apple Watch, despite having it for years now. So, I’m used to that kind of stuff. Small price for living in the future. =)
It’s still illegal according to Federal law. The states are just choosing not to enforce the law. Big difference.
The Liberal Senate recommended it and the party was going to follow through over ten years ago, then Paul Martin’s government fell and we went through ten years of Tory hell. I’m not a Liberal but let’s give credit where it is due - this had nothing to do with Colorado and could have easily happened in Canada a decade ago.
Ever since they switched to their new LTE band their service has been tremendously better than the Big Three (Rogers, Bell, Telus). The question for most people is if they live in a home zone or on the fringes. If you live in the city, just get a plan that includes roaming (Away and USA) and you’ll be fine.
Then there is [this parking lot in Detroit ](https://www.detroityes.com/downtown/38michtheat_pan.php) that used to be an ornate theatre and before that was the site of a shack where Ford built his first car. It encapsulates Detroit’s rise, and fall, all in one place.
In first world countries Apple Pay is accepted nearly everywhere.
Couldn’t disagree more. I primarily use my Apple Watches as... watches. They automatically set themselves to whatever time zone I’m in based on my GPS coordinates (compare to the Casio Oceanus at $2000). They have a sunrise/sunset and moon phase complication. They are watches, that is their main purpose. They also happen to tell me my next appointment (which is useful for a watch, but non-smart watches can’t really do that) and I use them for Apple Pay which is accepted at about 99% of stores in my country. I sometimes use them for fitness tracking or for checking the weather or listening to music. But my main use for my Apple Watch is as a really nice watch. Not a popular opinion on this sub, but it’s the way I feel.
T’ron’ah!
Since when is -6 cold?!
Passchendaele was a good attempt at making a movie about Canadian heroism in the First World War, but it could’ve been better.
My S0 SBSS did this and Apple replaced it for free even though it was out of warranty. 
Take the Ambassador Bridge.
I had Word Lens (AR translation) and NAVIGON (full offline maps and GPS) on iPhone in 2010/2009. I agree Windows Phone was ahead of its time but for what you’re describing they were playing catch-up with iOS. 
That’s grey. Not black. 
There’s no monthly fee. You just buy an LTE watch and don’t activate it for LTE. That’s literally the only way to get many of the watches now, like Edition or Hermès. 
I thought this was referring to the [Trans Canada Trail](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trans_Canada_Trail), which is, in theory, the longest trail in the world at 24,000+  kilometres.
I think this app has been available since NeXT. It has at least been around since early OS X. 
The article was clear, “iPhone 8 Plus manages an extra hour of internet use and video playback...”

I don’t have an iPhone X laying around to compare the two. 
Especially with the wireless charging, I find myself rarely away from a charger nowadays (I have an Anker power bank for plane travel). That said, check this out: [Best battery life isn’t on the iPhone X: Business Insider](http://www.businessinsider.com/iphone-with-best-battery-life-iphone-8-plus-not-iphone-x-2017-9) 
Because Apple Music is renting. Just like Netflix changing which movies are active, they can remove entire albums on streaming services at any time. If you buy the album, it’s yours forever. Period. 
Here in Canada it’s a $500 difference between the 8 Plus and the X. The 8 and 8 Plus are actually faster than the X since there are fewer pixels to drive. The 8 Plus also has superior battery life.
Plus, why is Kanata separate now that it is part of the City of Ottawa?!
I think all we want is an estimated timeframe. Will Visual Voicemail and Wifi Calling on iOS come in January? July? 2019?
One thing I think is odd is that Siri can translate from English to French now, but if your phone is set to Canadian English it says it can’t translate that into French for some reason. Like, hello, who do you think is going to use the translation feature the most, maybe a country with two official languages?!
One of the best articles I’ve ever read. Fantastic reporting.
Canadians pay less in taxes for healthcare than Americans do, yet in America only the extremely destitute and the elderly are covered, whereas in Canada every man, woman, and child is covered.

I’ve lived in both countries and overall taxes were about the same in both.
In provinces with a fourth major player (SaskTel, or Vidéotron in Quebec) the big three (Rogers, Bell, and Telus) keep their rates insanely low compared with the rest of Canada. Manitoba had a deal where Bell could buy MTS but had to keep rates low for a certain amount of time. They’re going to see how horrific it is in the rest of Canada soon when the deal expires.

For the record I’m with Freedom. They are incredible. 
I disagree. I think Apple knows that watches are different from phones and computers. I have two original generation Apple Watches, one in stainless steel and one in space black stainless steel. Apple has been smart in not changing the overall size of the device or the way the bands are easily interchangeable. I have no desire to replace either of my watches, despite their age.

I primarily use them to display the time, which is automatically synced with an atomic clock, and for their complications such as sunrise and sunset (automatically calculated based on my location), moon phase, and temperature display. It also syncs with my calendar to display my next appointment at work, and the notifications and fitness tracking are a nice plus. But, for me, it is primarily just a really nice watch.

You’re right in that it won’t be a device that lasts forever. But, I could see someone getting easily between five and ten years of use from one.
Couldn’t have said it better myself. 
Again, kind of like going to r/Ireland and “explaining” to everyone, did you know there was this guy that drove the snakes out of Ireland and he became a saint and now there is a day named after him that is the national holiday?

It’s either rude or karma whoring and I’m not really sure which it is. Had they posted it in someplace like r/history so there’s a global audience, that would have been appropriate. 
Because he’s posting in r/Canada not r/TIL
This would be like going to some American sub and saying, “Did you know there was this guy from Virginia that was a general and fought the British and became the first President ever?” - it was kind of a rude post, in my opinion.
I’m torn between wanting to downvote because the person who posted this is so clearly not Canadian, and wanting to upvote because Terry Fox. 
This is also what Toronto will look like when cannabis legalization goes into effect.
Threads
Beautiful piece. I read that it has a compass. Does it work well?
I’ve had basically every iPhone since the original (which I bought the day it was released). I used to be a prolific user of the App Store. I spent a ton of money on there. Since the rise of ad supported apps, freemium apps, in-app purchases, etc., I find that I almost never download anything new. I used to go on the App Store frequently (and spend money), but those days are long gone. 
r/scarysigns
T-Mobile is like half that price though.
8 GB LTE at full speed, unlimited data at no extra charge, unlimited phone calls to Canadian and US numbers while on network, plus while roaming 1 GB LTE at full speed and unlimited data at no extra charge, and 2400 Canadian and US calling minutes. Unlimited texting. $60 per month. Freedom Mobile in Ontario. Their network has gotten 1000x better this year - they are an amazing provider. 
"In North America". No mention of the Trans Canada Trail, which is like 24,000 km long.
I always called it Yanksgiving.
You can always go across the Detroit River to Windsor, Canada. Windsor is primarily Anglophone but there are a lot of Francophones - you could attend a French cultural event. Pour example, écoles et banques travaille en français en Tecumseh. Ou allez dans une librairie pour une livre en français. 

There’s so much to do in Detroit though, I doubt you’d run out of things to do. Other cities you could travel to would include Ann Arbor, Chicago, and Toronto.
I moved one county south from Wayne County to Essex County. Now my health insurance is free.*

*Free as in no co-pay, and covered by taxes which are roughly the same as they were living in the USA.
You should go hang out on r/watches where watches that simply tell the time can run from thousands to millions of dollars. Bands or bracelets from Rolex and Omega cost thousands of dollars. Even the Tag Heuer Connected smartwatch can run close to $10,000, for just the watch, with one band. People have different income levels and different priorities. If a variety of Apple Watch bands make someone happy, who are we to judge?
Next time, wear one with a sapphire screen. 
Here in Canada the iPhone 8 Plus with max specs and AppleCare (plus tax) is around $1500 whereas the iPhone X is well over $2000. In some studies the 8+ is faster, it has better battery life, and frankly I don’t like the X’s notch yet. So to spend over $500 for Animoji was really not something I wanted to do. Plus I was getting an iPhone for me and one for my wife. I definitely don’t regret saving $1000, especially when I consider the iPhone 8+ to be the better phone. The only thing is, nobody is going to stare at my 8+ and say, “Oooooooh is that the iPhone X?” - so if image is important to you I guess that’s one reason to go with the X. Congrats on the upgrade though - I could not have lasted that long with my iPhone 4!
$5100 for a mystery movement... Odd. I like the look of it but would need to know more to purchase.
I love the black leather loop from Apple so much I bought two so I’d have a backup. They don’t make them anymore (in black) so I’m glad I did.
Honestly I don’t like that band... I would totally rock the orange Hermes sports band though. You’re lucky if yours has one (assuming it is a Series 2 or 3 there).
The speed limit in Ontario on 400-series highways used to be 117 km/h prior to Canada going metric. When we went metric the bureaucrats decided it was a good time to drop the speed limits for more ticket revenue. What speed do we see most people travelling at now? Between 110 and 120. The speed limit being lowered changed nothing, and should be changed back without delay. A high speed limit that is actually enforced is surely preferable to an absurdly low speed limit which is almost universally ignored, making a law breaker out of everyone.
Clearly not approved by the Canadian Heraldic Authority. 
Mobile data rates and the Bell/Telus/Rogers oligopoly?

No seriously that’s a top issue for me, but the number one problem in Canada is the vanishing middle class due to unfair trade deals and increasing automation. 
Needs more Windsor. 
...and the Liberals could have had it built by a local shop but instead sent the order overseas with absolutely zero explanation. Their corruption knows no bounds and their disdain and contempt for average citizens continues to amaze.
Reminds me of a sweater from around 1988-1993. 
My SBSS S0 just had the same issue. Screen popped off. No AppleCare. They rushed the repair box, I shipped it to them, they rushed a brand new SBSS S0 back to me. Awesome experience. 
I’m in a hotel right now with a Handy and I’ve simply paired it with my personal cell phone via Bluetooth to share data. Don’t even look at the Handy; so much for their ads. 
I used to work in Metro Detroit while attending University and living in Windsor, Ontario, Canada. There are tens of thousands of people that do that cross border commute on a daily basis.
Do you have an LTE SIM from Freedom? 
It's a straight shot down I-96 to the 401, which becomes Autoroute 20 in Quebec. Should take about 10 hours, unless there's already snow. Just try to time it so you don't get anywhere near the GTA (Toronto) anytime close to rush hour. 

Just remember the phrase, «Je suis désolé, je ne parlez pas français. Je suis Américain.»

If people hear you say you're American they'll give you a pass on not speaking French, and appreciate the effort. (Although nearly everyone in Montreal is bilingual.)

Canadian drivers are fairly restrained and polite, but in Montreal all bets are off. Be prepared!

Bienvenue!
Remember, in most areas in the USA, mass transit just isn't a thing like it is in Canada. Used cars are much cheaper. As such, driving is much more common the moment one can get a licence. 
Canada’s rights originally derived from England’s Magna Carta, passed In the year 1215.
My wife has small wrists and she wears a 42mm. She prefers the larger screen size. We can even share the same collection of bands!
Same!
People in Barrhaven are far more likely to use cars than OC Transpo.

No offence, just thought it funny the first person to point out they don't know the bus routes is from Barrhaven!
Flair checks out. 
Similar bands from Omega and Rolex cost thousands. Apple’s pricing is in line with what you’re getting. I bought a knock off and that was a mistake. 
I ordered one for my SBSS and it's delayed longer than my iPhone 8! It says it won't arrive until mid-October. How did you already get yours?!
I prefer the Apple IIgs, personally. 
Get an 8 or X!
It’s a Watch, designed for quick interactions lasting only seconds. So, it’s not something you really download a lot of apps and games for like a phone. Once I accepted that, I found it to be quite useful. The rare people who dislike Apple Watch were expecting it to be almost a mini-iPhone. 
The 256 GB iPhone X with AppleCare is over $2000 after HST. Unbelievable.

I was going to get one for me and one for my wife, but the price is about $500 over what I was expecting, per phone. 
With max storage, AppleCare, and HST,  I was expecting the price to come in around $1500 CDN, but it turned out that was the pricing of iPhone 8 Plus, not iPhone X. You're right in that $2k all in per device is a bit much, so we are leaning towards the iPhone 8 Plus now. 

That said, when you think about it, your phone is something you use literally dozens of times per day. I use my phone throughout the workday for professional purposes as a tool. I use my phone to read the news. I use my phone to relax with games. I use my phone with educational apps to help my child learn. I also typically keep my phone for two to three years. So even for the iPhone X, paying essentially $600-$1000 per year for something I find far, far more important than even my car, let alone my computer or my television, doesn't seem out of place.
Keep in mind that you can download maps for offline use, so you might end up buying a phone with bigger capacity just so you can have every state/province/country on you at all times. Definitely check the size requirements before purchasing. There's the base app and then the mapping data, which is state by state for the USA, province by province for Canada, and country by country for Europe. 
NAVIGON. It's not cheap, but I've had it basically since the App Store launched and it has only gotten better and better over the years. 
Exactly. I was fully prepared to buy two iPhone Xs with maximum storage and AppleCare, but I thought the total would run 1500 or so each. Turns out it is literally over $2000 per phone including AppleCare and tax in Ontario. Not happening.
If it is available Friday I'm planning to get two iPhone X devices - one for me, and one for my wife. We've been happy customers of Freedom/Wind for years.
Food Frenz at 2910 Carling is what you're looking for. :-)
Tip one: return it for a refund while you can. The new watches are being announced next week. 
I found a dep in Ottawa that sells it. It's also common in Windsor due to the proximity to Detroit. 
Freeds is known for suits, not just in Windsor but around the world. One time I was at a business meeting in California and a gentleman at the meeting asked where I'm from. I said that I'm from "Windsor, Canada" and he said, "Oh yeah, that's where Freeds is from.", and he then opened his sport coat to reveal the Freeds logo on the inside pocket. I then did the same, and we both had a laugh.
I'd go with a black leather loop. Knockoffs are quite inexpensive. 
This entire situation enrages me and makes me sick to my stomach. This was supposed to be a done deal - there is zero reason for Moroun to have his twin span. The public should own the most important border crossing in the world. It should not go through a neighbourhood. Period. Why did we put all that money into expanding the 401 and fighting the twin span all the way to the Supreme Court if the government wasn’t going to stick to its principles?! The Gordie Howe Bridge being built, along with no twin span for the Ambassador, is one of those rare things that the former Federal Liberals (Chrétien, Martin), the Conservatives under Harper, and the NDP all actually agreed on, not to mention all parties in the Ontario provincial government, including Wynne. Now Trudeau has gone and thrown it all out the window. This is absolutely shocking.
But the people of Canada keep all of the profits from the Gordie Howe Bridge, instead of some Monty Burns-esque villain of a billionaire. Plus the Gordie Howe Bridge doesn’t go though a university campus and neighbourhood already ruined by the Ambassador Bridge’s recent purchase of properties.
Same here!
I have Freedom and find they are the only provider with reasonable data caps. I get 1 GB of roaming I can use in the States or on the other Canadian providers when I'm out in the county on top of 6 GB LTE (LTE goes live in Windsor this autumn). Plus unlimited calls to Canada or the USA on the Freedom network. Rogers/Bell/Telus and their fighter brands just can't compete. My employer literally won't let me get any other cell provider.

The big three are a plague in Canada, stifling innovation. They threaten the entire Canadian technology industry due to their insane pricing. I always hear people say "If you don't like the Canadian providers just don't get a cell phone". Some of us work in technology and have no choice if we want to remain employed. 

For internet we use TekSavvy (who is amazing) but will switch soon to MNSI once they get fibre-optic running in our neighbourhood. 
Canada is legalizing next year, coast to coast to coast. Nowhere in the United States is it fully legal; it’s just legal according to state law, but not federal. If the feds feel like enforcing the law, they can put a lot of people away.
Headline note... To be precise, a Volt is an electric car with a gasoline powered backup generator, not a plug-in hybrid. At no time does the gas engine directly power the wheels. It just charges the batteries. 
I'm sure you'll figure something out! =)
I asked how one indicates they own more than one Apple Watch.
I have an Apple Watch Space Black Stainless Steel and an Apple Watch Stainless Steel. Unfortunately there was no option to indicate multiple AW. 
I'm just going to say it... First NDP leadership candidate to state they will be nationalizing the entire cable/cellular/telecom industry and dissolving Rogers/Bell/Telus/Shaw/etc. will receive not only my vote but also an immediate $200 donation. 
Also, Windsor's two closest suburbs (LaSalle and Tecumseh) have the essentially the lowest crime rates in Canada; they are at least in the top ten for lowest crime year after year. Yet you can see Detroit's skyline from many places in these towns.
When I bought my SBSS I had found one refurbished for the same price as a brand new SG Sport (aluminum). Then I was trying to decide if refurbished was good enough or if I should get a truly brand new watch. In the end I am SO thankful I went with SBSS. I've seen people wearing the SG on many occasions and the SBSS exudes beauty you just don't get from aluminum. I'm glad Apple made them both equally functional from the software perspective, but for me personally (as a guy who wears business suits quite often) having a SBSS on Milanese is a fantastic combo that works in a variety of situations. 
I have both. SBSS is my favourite of the two. It is nearly impossible to scratch. The display merges seamlessly into the casing and so images appear to float magically on the screen. Certain bands don't come with black lugs but that's a minor issue. You can always buy third party bands with black lugs or stick to the official leather loop, Milanese, link bracelet, and sport bands.
Having had both, I have to say that the Canadian chain Harvey's is 1000x better than In-N-Out.
The grunge rock era was just wrapping up. Graphic design had really matured in a short period of time so everything in print and media such as television looked dramatically better and more modern. Most people still did not have internet access in their homes so that was becoming a thing. Bullying was a lot more prevalent in the 90s. The war on drugs was in full swing still. LGBT people were discriminated against nearly everywhere. TV was still trying to be"wholesome" with lots of family programming that today looks as dated as similar content from the 50s through the 80s. Smoking was on the increase after decades of decline. Having a cellular phone would get a kid laughed at in school and possibly suspended (they were associated with being either rich and/or a drug dealer). 1996 was a year without the shadow of World War III armageddon like during the Cold War, but was also a year where, unlike the 21st century, kids still mostly played outside until the streetlights came on. There was a recession in the early 1990's so by 1996 the effects of that had been mostly mitigated and the dot com economic boom was poised to begin.
That's my favourite band. I actually have two (bought a second when they discontinued it in black). Now you're convincing me to get an Edition!
Cheap fitness bands use steps because they can't get a more accurate count of actual active calories. Apple's focus on calories rather than steps was very much intentional. It took me some adjustment when I switched to Apple Watch, but I'm glad I switched. 
60 percent of Canadians voted for the other parties and really can't stand Trudeau. Thanks for the sentiment though!
People are pretty nice in Windsor. The culture is different from the Maritimes, though. Its a weird hybrid of a Canadian city that is also so clearly part of metro Detroit. For my job, I can work remotely from anywhere with Internet. So, I decided to move back to Windsor. I would have also considered Gatineau (Quebec side of Ottawa) and many locations in the Maritimes, as I was looking for an area with a low cost of living and lots of culture, especially a great music scene. The economy in Windsor was the worst in the country from 2000-2016 due to the collapse of the automotive industry under NAFTA. Now things have tremendously bounced back. Plus Windsor is warm (compared with Nouveau Brunswick), has mild winters, and the most sunshine in the country. But yes, try to find a job first if you can. Sometimes its hard from out of the area (this is true in any city). See if you can make a friend and "borrow" their address for your resume.
Starbucks gives you free same visit refills if you pay with your Starbucks card. For the price of a single double double at Timmies I'll get a double espresso followed by a hot brewed coffee followed by a peach iced tea followed by a vanilla sweet cream cold brew at Starbucks. Which is why I laugh when people tell me Starbucks is more expensive than Timmies. 
Harper made it four years and got rid of "half time". (It used to be that every two days as a person on a temporary visa counted as one day as a permanent resident.) Trudeau has kept these changes. There's also a harder citizenship exam. There used to be around a 5% failure rate and now it is around 30%. 
Fun fact: Permanent residents can't vote in general elections but they can become members of a political party, which means they can vote for the party leader.
Fitbit uses the pedometer with a 10,000 step goal because it can't directly track active calories very well. You'll have more success if you just switch to using the red ring on the activity app built into your Apple Watch. 
I thought there was...? On modular if the Now Playing complication is large it shows the current song and if small it shows the progress through the song. Tap it and you can then advance tracks. Am I missing what OP is asking for here?!
I love the Tissot Visodate. But that's me. It just has this mix of formal and informal, modern, futuristic, and retro, that isn't duplicated anywhere else. 
Cardinal is a Canadian brand. Your typical Cardinal is quartz and costs around $60 CDN. They had huge displays of Cardinals at Zeller's prior to the ill-fated sell-off to Target. I heard that Wal-Mart Canada and Hudson's Bay carry some models but I don't frequent either store.

As for this particular model I dont have any information personally but hopefully another Redditor will.
I had a choice to either sell my used Series 0 SBSS and buy a Series 2, or just buy a Series 0 Stainless Steel. I chose the latter. This way, I always have one on the charger, and yes, I have a wider choice of bands.
I have two. One in Stainless Steel and one in Space Black Stainless Steel. I love them. No plans to upgrade until the next watch comes out.
I'm guessing you're in BC since you said Craigslist and not Kijiji!

Anyway, yes, reselling it would be your only option. You might opt for the phone if you wanted to sell it and get a Stainless Steel and/or 42 mm Apple Watch. 
SBSS? Here, have an upvote!

I think the Space Black Stainless Steel looks amazing with any of the sports bands. 
Love that band. It's beautiful.
No big deal. I created a second account with Apple just to download Word Flow and Cortana from the US App Store.
Microsoft Word Flow. Best keyboard out there. Used to only be on Windows Phone but fortunately they have given up on that platform and now the keyboard is on iOS. 
This is a good article by a non-tech industry, non-watch industry publication so I'm confused as to why it has been downvoted.

(No, I'm not the one who posted it.)
I own two Series 0 Stainless Steel watches (one space black and one not). I am hoping for an always on display on the next Apple Watch, and for a Space Black Hermes.
David Letterman apparently enjoyed The Willistead, which is another great restaurant/bar. Be sure to check out downtown, Walkerville, and Ottawa Street which all have very walkable areas. Also, the riverfront sculpture garden is fun.
Might not be a popular opinion on this sub but I love my Apple Watches. I have two, one in Stainless Steel and one in Space Black (DLC) Stainless Steel, have a variety of bands for each (most OEM but a few third party) and they never leave my wrist. I find the battery life to be incredible given what they do, the reliability superb. They allow me to see the time, weather, next appointment, and daily progress to health goals at a glance. Depending on the band they look great with casual wear or a suit. They constantly amaze me with the "little things", like Apple Pay, which is accepted everywhere in my country, or like being able to discreetly turn on Do Not Disturb mode on my phone from the watch during a business meeting if I forgot to turn that on in advance of the meeting. It has helped me lose weight. I can easily navigate subways in unfamiliar cities just by it tapping on my wrist. The glanceable notifications keep me from pulling out my phone and getting sucked in to social media or Reddit. More than anything though it is a highly accurate timepiece automatically set by GPS with sunrise and moon phase data. I keep looking at watches on this sub but I just don't have a need or desire for a mechanical watch anymore. I know this isn't true for most people yet and that's okay. I do find it interesting that Apple had double the revenue from the Watch compared with all Microsoft Surface sales. Yet somehow Surface is seen as a success and the Watch a failure. I think given time most people will have an Apple Watch or an Android equivalent. But not people who are truly passionate about mechanical watches like most of the people on this sub. Again, to each their own. If you like mechanical watches more, I understand and I think that's great!
Faygo is superior. Or at least it was until they started adding artificial sweeteners to their non-diet versions. If you can find it in glass bottles it's made with only came sugar though. Rock & Rye, Redpop, Frosh, there's nothing better! Plus, Faygo is why Canadians say pop instead of soda!

Edit: Sure, downvote me instead of actually commenting and saying why you disagree. Have you downvoters actually had Faygo?
I stopped going to Tim Horton's when I moved to Ottawa because literally every location I went to had the rudest, most terrible, slow, inaccurate service imaginable. Now that I live on the other side of the province again the service is just fine but I'm already in the habit of going to Starbucks, McDonald's, Second Cup, basically anywhere but Tim's. Plus I figured out if I go to Starbucks and get a doppio espresso macchiato (double espresso with a little foam) it's like a tiny cappuccino and then I can get a free refill of brewed coffee if I use my Starbucks card. So it's cheaper AND tastes better than Timmies. Anyway, I don't know what's wrong with Tim Horton's in Ottawa but the owners need their franchise licenses pulled.
At one point CKLW was the most popular radio station in Windsor, London, Detroit, Toledo, and beyond. Nowadays though, yes, it's mainly just Windsor people listening.
I agree with you on one point, it's not for you. For me, the Apple Watch is the best watch ever made, not a "crappier smartphone". There are so many interactions I have with it during the day. I'll be the first to say that when it was announced I thought it was overpriced and overhyped and now I'm a complete convert. You say the bluetooth drains the phone, but the number of times you glance at your phone should be drastically reduced with Apple Watch, making it a huge battery saver. You're looking at it as an interface to Siri and a heart rate monitor. It does those things, sure, but first and foremost it's a really good watch. It just so happens to have notifications, take phone calls, show you the live weather outside, has excellent directions (especially helpful when using mass transit in an unfamiliar urban core), and does many other little things throughout the day that add up to it being an indispensable tool. I do think a lot of people buy it expecting it to be like a phone - something they'll "play with" a lot; they buy it and find it's designed for short interactions (that's the point of the device) and think for a moment it doesn't have worth or utility. It turns out the lack of need to interact with it is its greatest strength and asset.
I'm also not a huge fan of quartz watches. That said, this watch obviously has some cool functions, such as the built-in compass. I really would like one for that feature alone. I love the idea of an analog compass integrated into a watch as opposed to something like a G-Shock.
There was a flag that pre-dated that which was a banner of the arms and looked much better!
Lots of ways: Got a job DJing at a nightclub. Book clubs. Religious or spiritual groups. Volunteering politically and for non-profits/charities. Through a significant other from the area and their networks of friends.
W killed a million people in Iraq, most of whom were civilians. Sorry, Trump just isn't on that level of evil yet. 
Ottawa went through an amalgamation, where the city incorporated or absorbed its suburbs, and this flag was the result of the new municipality. It looks far too much like a corporate logo to me. I think they should have retained an earlier city flag that has history and meaning behind it. 
Find the original Apple black leather loop if you can. It's my favourite. I actually have two of them just in case one breaks!
Joseph Anthony in Windsor!
I have two. Both Series 0. One is Stainless Steel and the other is Space Black Stainless Steel. I always have one on my charger and I get a wider variety of looks and bands. Couldn't be happier with his arrangement. I'm sure I could sell them both and get a Series 2 of my choice but I'm going to wait for Series 3; I'm hoping for an always on display.
I have two, one in Space Black Stainless Steel, and one in Stainless Steel. The Apple Watch has completely replaced my desire to wear (or even own) mechanical watches. But I'm sure I'm in the minority on this sub. I'm the type that always has the latest technology though. I was one of the first several thousand to have an iPod, I had the first cellular phone with a colour web browser, and I also bought the original iPhone on launch day in the States. I'm used to some heckling prior to other people adopting technology.
I think this is an awesome way to wear a complex mechanical timepiece (one that may be a century old and have stories behind it) while still getting notifications and fitness tracking from the Apple Watch. 
Normally I'm a huge Omega fan but in this case I actually prefer the Cartier. It's got an elegance to it this particular model of Omega lacks, in my opinion.
In short, Apple Watch, in order to save battery life, doesn't check the metrics you need for exercise to "count" often enough to capture it all. If you're going for a walk, you need to use the stock exercise app, a third party app, or start a walk using Siri. This way it knows to expend the battery a bit in return for more accurate metrics.
...and this is why I bought a spare. The official black leather Apple loop is my favourite band.

Edit: It's also not available anymore!
Or for Canadians:

Rogers: $60 a month
Telus: $100 a month
Bell: $509 a month

All prices in Canadian dollars plus HST and CRTC bribery program slush fund fee.
Likewise, a lot of OEM bands/bracelets for watches like Rolex, etc. run $1500+.
Tip of the hat from Freedom. Love it. 
Posts on this sub about price always amuse me because over on /r/Watches people post about $10,000 or $100,000 watches that only tell the time. Yes I know that the Apple Watch has a shelf life, but mechanical watches also need service which can be quite expensive, or else they turn into a paperweight. (You could easily spend $1,500 just for required maintenance on a Patek Philippe.)
The Apple is DLC, the imitations are painted. Hence why the Apple one lasts.
I have a series zero space black stainless steel. Could have sold it and bought a series two SBSS but instead I opted to keep it and get a series zero stainless steel. Now I keep one of the two watches on the charger at all times so I really don't have to worry about battery ever, and I can choose literally any band and it will pair well with one or both watches. I don't think I'm missing anything by not having a series two.
1) Metro Cars (most expensive) - They pick you up at home in a Cadillac or fancy Lincoln Town Car

2) Robert Q Airport Shuttle - You'd have to make your own way to wherever the pickup point is for Windsor.

3) Transit Windsor -> Tunnel Bus -> SMART Bus to Airport (most affordable) - You can look up directions using Google Maps.

Edit: Autocorrect 
Prepared foods are fine, raw foods are not. Orange as bought at the grocery store? Devil fruit that must not be allowed. Orange, peeled and sliced? Magically safe for 'MERICA patriotism. Just be sure to declare what you bring over. 
I know nobody cares, but I actually had a pillar that looked just like that and did the exact same thing with my router at my last house. Cheers to whoever did this - great minds think alike!
Just wait until SaskTel is bought by Bell or Rogers and you have to pay the same data rates in your province as the rest of Canada. Then you'll see data on a tablet as pointless and buy a WiFi only model like everyone else in this country!
Cadency is not compulsory but altering the CoA if you're not the person directly inheriting the arms but are a descendent is. There's a difference. By cadency they are discussing the specific system of how the CoA is altered.
Because online voting worked so well the last time around. Only it didn't work because it was DDoS attacked and the attack was never investigated. As someone who has actually taught computer science classes in university/college the only ballot I trust is a paper ballot with a clear chain of custody.
From the website, you can call or write:

Contact us

Canada’s NDP

300 - 279 Laurier West
Ottawa, Ontario K1P 5J9

General information

Phone: 613-236-3613
Toll Free: 1-866-525-2555
Fax: 613-230-9950

They may not be there today though as it is Family Day here in Ontario. If you can't remember paying for a membership this year though, it's likely you need to renew. I'm pretty sure they go by calendar year (I always renew in January).
Frankly I just want them to fix what they've broken. The weather app is terrible since Watch OS 3, and with a recent update the calendar complication is terrible too! I'm in meetings giving live presentations at work all day long and I need to quickly glance at the Watch to see if the current presentation is 30 minutes, 90 minutes, etc. Now it just shows the next appointment instead of the current appointment so it is completely useless! I'm actually just plugging in my old Windows tablet now since that tells me what I need right from the lock screen.
You have to renew once per year, folks. Easy process; just go to the website!
I've lived in both the USA and Canada and English Canadian culture is clearly British in many ways, especially in government and business.
I have had a Series 0 Space Black Stainless Steel for a year, and I just bought a new Series 0 Stainless Steel. I could have sold the s0 SBSS and used the money to buy a S2 SBSS but I decided I'd rather have two s0 watches than one s2. (In case you're wondering, with two watches I have more band selection and I always have a watch charged up and ready to go.)
Just typed a long response to this and my computer ate it so here is the short version.

Millions of people in Michigan versus hundreds of thousands in Windsor. So if you're in a subculture, try over there. Example, Michigan Renaissance Festival is one of the largest in existence and is held in August and September. Lots and lots of people from Windsor go.
I second Taloola. Also, Acapulco Delight if you like Mexican. 
Ha! I remember when the Casio calculator watch was like $100, and $100 back then was worth more like $400 today.
Yes! I've noticed that the calendar behaviour has changed also. I really am not a fan of the way it works now and wish it could be changed back. 
Canada doesn't have Lyft so that's not an option really.
I actually think the entire telecom industry should be socialized. Every Canadian deserves broadband internet, unlimited Canadian long distance, and decent LTE mobile internet (at least 8GB/month). It should be "free". (Covered by taxes.) Should come out to maybe $30 per year per Canadian if it's not private and held by the oligopoly. 
I bought NAVIGON for about $100 way back in 2009 when there wasn't much available for GPS on iPhone. It is still by far the best thing out there, and it is continually updated. It has a companion app for the Watch which is nice.

When walking I always use Apple Maps though - that way I don't look like a tourist and yet I always know exactly when and where to turn since it taps on one edge of the wrist or the other using the Taptic Engine.
They really need to be more proactive about notifying us about these issues. If I would have gone to Michigan knowing that Freedom wouldn't work I would have brought my T-Mobile SIM and done pay as you go. Instead I was left with no way to contact people.
Had no data two days in a row in the States. Part of day one and all of day two could not place a call or send a text. I'm extremely disappointed.

On an unrelated note I've had a problem for months where I can't dial certain US numbers from Canada. I'm getting quite aggravated over all of these issues.
I originally had a SBSS but bought a s0 SS and a OULUOQI link bracelet to match. Only it doesn't match, at all. None of the reviews made it clear that the OULUOQI link bracelet is the same shape and size as the Apple Link Bracelet, but the OULUOQI one is extremely brushed steel, whereas the AW SS has a mirror finish. They look completely different from one another. I love the bracelet but the colour and texture difference has me so disappointed I'm thinking about returning it.
I had a Microsoft Band (first generation) and preferred it for workouts when compared with my Apple Watch. That said, I think the Apple Watch is an all around better device. I actually just bought my second AW. I imagine with the GPS in s2 and a third party app or two, you'll find that you like the Apple Watch just as much as you loved your Band.
Tim Cook said he showered with his daily. If you go into the prior posts on this sub you'll find a large number of s0 users swim with theirs. I usually take mine off when swimming but forgot once and left it on in Lake Erie and had zero issues. s0 is officially "splash resistant" so it's fine for washing hands or walking in the rain. Some third parties have done tests with submerged s0 watches where they were underwater for dozens of hours with zero issues.
Amazon.ca says $291 – Where did you get yours?
That's the way I wear mine too. When I put the band in the writing isn't upside down, so as far as I'm concerned you and I are wearing it the "correct" way!
I'd put the sunrise/sunset complication there, personally.
Thanks for your feedback. What has the experience with wear been like? Any indication of the black colour fading? Do you wear it while typing/using a computer?
Same in Canada. Nearly every retailer takes tap and therefore also supports Apple Pay. 
Paycheques: The large Canadian banks all have US Dollar accounts. Getting an International wire transfer or money order is a massive pain, and cheques take forever to clear from the States. My solution was to get a US bank account (they used to be free but apparently aren't anymore) and literally just use it for direct deposit and cash withdrawal (and sometimes buying gas for the car). Then I'd take the cash to my Canadian bank and deposit it. Having the US Dollar account got me a preferred exchange rate. Some days I'd get home late (e.g. if I had a business dinner in the USA after work) and so I'd take the cash to the casino, who also has good exchange rates. I'd put a few bucks in a slot machine so they wouldn't get upset that I was just using them for currency exchange - actually won some money that way one time so all in all it worked out. But usually I'd use the bank-cash-bank method.
On the phone thing, I use Wind Mobile's $60 plan - it includes 8 GB on Wind and 1 GB on any other network, including T-Mobile and AT&T in the USA, and partners like Bell in Canada.

The Big Three (Rogers, Telus, Bell) used to offer free roaming throughout Metro Detroit (which is a massive area) for people from Windsor, but I heard they've stopped that now except for the centre of Downtown Detroit.

Alternatively, you could get a dual SIM phone and switch between your preferred Canadian carrier and T-Mobile, who is quite inexpensive and has good pay as you go plans.

For me, though, Wind works best. I am in the States on average at least once every two weeks, and I used to do the daily cross-border commute for work.
One last bit of advice. Since it's only a month, you don't want to go through the hassle of officially moving to the USA only to officially move to Canada a month later. Do not under any circumstances say you are going to live in the USA for one month to a border officer on either side. You are temporarily residing. (e.g. "Visiting" for a month.) Saying you live somewhere carries massive legal implications. (I am not a lawyer but I am someone who has lived on both sides of the Windsor/Detroit border.)

For example, you will have to inventory all of your possessions if you move to the USA, and again upon your return to Canada. If you're just visiting, you don't. So that also means that if you're bringing all your stuff you should plan to put it all in storage in Windsor except what you need for a one month trip.

Edit: a word
The real reason it's called Traffic Free is because Freedom is apparently the only company using LTE Band 66.
One more thing on NEXUS... I've had NEXUS nearly ten years now (I had an initial application and then you go through it again to get renewed)... Last time I renewed, the wait at Detroit for an interview (which is performed at the Ambassador Bridge) was days, the wait in Ottawa (which is performed at YOW airport) was months. I ended up logging into the reservation system in the middle of the night on the weekend and spotted a cancellation in Montreal and drove to Trudeau airport to do the interview there.

TL; DR: Unless it's drastically different now, you'll wait tremendously longer for a NEXUS interview in Ottawa than Detroit/Windsor.
Great ideas on the flair!

I have one modification suggestion. This sub initiated the shorthand s0 for "Series 0" (aka the first generation Apple Watch) and of course s1 and s2 for Series 1 and 2, respectively. I think we should keep that shorthand so the flair doesn't get so long it walks off the screen.
A really important couple of things I forgot to mention:

1) Windsor has a cost of living orders of magnitude lower than Ottawa. Groceries are cheaper, gas is cheaper, rent is cheaper. Part of this is because stores compete against Detroit, where, for example, gas is around 70 to 80 Canadian cents a litre right now. As a result of all of this, if you have a good job your go-to might be renting a house rather than an apartment, something unthinkable for a single person in their mid-20s in Ottawa. Don't be shocked if you move to an apartment and there is literally nobody in the building except recent newcomers to Canada.

2) Yes, if you can you should definitely see if there are any privately owned houses with for rent signs. Lots of property in Windsor is owned by people who are NOT Internet savvy at all.

3) Mass transit to Troy from Detroit (let alone Windsor) is nearly impossible. Even in Windsor, there is nothing like OC Transpo around here. This is the Motor City and owning a car is a necessity for nearly everyone.

4) Get ready for a little culture shock. Windsor is proudly Canadian but also proudly part of Metro Detroit. Probably 80-85% of hockey fans cheer for the Detroit Red Wings (who played their first ever season in Windsor). You'll see people walking around in University of Michigan attire, Detroit Tigers hats, and it's pretty common for people to not understand you when you say the temperature in Celsius, especially the over-40 crowd. People here watch Detroit TV and even read Detroit newspapers. Yet Windsor is sometimes in-your-face patriotic Canadiana due to the proximity to a much larger American city.

5) But seriously, try the local pizza. Best in the world.

Edit: Autocorrect 
Depends. Windsor's suburbs (LaSalle, Tecumseh, etc.) are the safest towns in the entire country. I used to do the cross border commute and so I lived in West Windsor right by the Bridge but that neighbourhood has gone downhill rapidly (Windsor's economy was worst in the country during the Harper years but is now on the rebound, and that neighbourhood has also had problems because of the private owner of the Ambassador Bridge buying up property).

When I lived in Ottawa I was between Lincoln Fields and Bayshore so I know that area too - honestly people live there for a variety of reasons so I'd need to know why you were there. Did you work downtown? Kanata? Were you mainly there for the commute? Did you use public transit/do you have a car? Was proximity to the river a huge factor?

In your situation I'd probably pick Walkerville/Ottawa St. area for a more urban feel in an affordable, up and coming spot; directly downtown for proximity to the tunnel and the river if you're okay with driving a bit for suburban styled retail; or if you're buying a house instead of renting and you're okay with suburbs I'd pick LaSalle for proximity to the new bridge (which won't be built for probably four years at least).

Age and family situation are important too. Families tend to settle in East Windsor or the suburbs; some hip young families are in Walkerville. If I were in my 20's and single I'd either be in Walkerville/Ottawa St. or downtown, or maybe as close to the river as possible between downtown and the University (but not West of the bridge). 
In my lifetime I've lived in Windsor five years and Ottawa for four years. Whereabouts in Ottawa do you live? Are you looking for a comparable neighbourhood in Windsor?
My favourite is the black leather loop, which is sadly no longer officially available from Apple. It is comfortable, easily adjustable, and can be worn in a variety of situations. The space black Milanese is also quite good. It is adjustable, slightly more formal than the leather loop, but slightly less comfortable.
I'm curious as to why the so-called "Gen 6" link bracelet wasn't included?
You're right that it doesn't make sense to go with Freedom if you don't live in a "Home Zone". I only mentioned what I did above because there was a time you literally couldn't use a Wind phone in Canada outside the Home Zones unless you paid exorbitant roaming fees.
I'm on the Freedom (Wind) $60 a month plan. It comes with 8 GB data and unlimited North American calling on their network plus 1 GB data and 2400 North American long distance minutes on any of their roaming partners in the USA or in Canada. So, the old problem of Wind not working outside of cities just doesn't exist anymore!
Freedom Mobile (formerly Wind) has an amazing plan. $60 a month gets you 8 GB and unlimited North American calling on their network, and you also get 1 GB and 2400 North American long distance minutes when roaming on any carrier in the US or Canada. Their network is small but with that much roaming it becomes a total non-issue. Plus if you're ever in Toronto they're the only carrier on the TTC subway. With how much I travel to the Michigan and the rest of the States, this is literally the only cell phone plan from a Canadian carrier that is feasible for me.
It takes mine about 45 minutes to charge. I charge it while I get ready for work in the morning and it is good to go.
Space Black here. It's just so stunningly beautiful.
Seeing my next appointment for work on the watch face was my number one reason for having it. It's so convenient. Notifications are a close second. It really does save me time versus fishing my phone out of a pocket or across the room and getting sucked into Facebook or whatever. I love all the complications such as weather, sunset time, moon phase, etc. The fitness stuff is a nice to have but I already had a Microsoft Band for that which I still prefer over my AW.

Edit: Totally forgot to mention Apple Pay and the Wallet which are super amazing, especially when I have a toddler in my arms. Everyone has tap in my country so Apple Pay is like magic.
You can download heads up display apps and use the old iPhone in your car on the dashboard to give you a HUD. Works best at night.
Been there. Be willing to buy refurbished or S0 (or both) and you'll get your watch sooner than you think.
I'd have a Hermes Stainless Steel with Feu Epsom band. Wouldn't use that band much but would pair the Watch with a link bracelet. Would also get a Space Black link bracelet for my SBSS. Would also get an S2 Edition just to have one; would pair with the SB Milanese I already have. Might get a black classic buckle to go with the Hermes, as I prefer black to the official Hermes leather colours. The Feu is still pretty cool though. I already have all the sport bands I want (green, product red, white, black) except the Hermes Orange. Would probably also grab a couple nylon straps (pearl goes well with the S2 Edition; would also grab a black and an orange). Alright, back to reality...
Diamond-like Carbon, a common coating used in watchmaking.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diamond-like_carbon
On the SB, it's not paint, it's DLC. What's a scratch? (Seriously, mine is a refurb I bought in January and there isn't a scratch on it.) *knocks on wood*

Edit: Clarified it's only the SB, not SG, that has DLC.
I have yet to have that happen to me, but I could see it happening with repeated use. 
When I bought my SBSS I had the choice between a space grey AWS new or the SBSS refurbished, both at the same price point. I am thankful every day I went with the refurb - the SS is just so nice. The speed doesn't bother me at all - maybe because I'm old enough to remember when computers actually were slow, and OS3 is such a huge performance improvement anyway. If I were in your shoes, I'd just own the choice and not look back - whichever you pick you'll have a bit of "grass is greener" kind of regret. Don't do that to yourself.
My SBSS Milanese looks brand new. The knockoffs are about 10% of the price, but they are usually painted, whereas the Apple band has DLC which doesn't wear off at the clasp point. The only issue with the SB Milanese is that you have to be careful the mesh doesn't scrape your watch. It is nearly as hard as diamond and will easily scratch the watch. I use extra care when changing bands and therefore all is well. I prefer my black leather loop for comfort but use the Milanese when I'm in a suit and find that it works quite well.
Here in Canada nearly every vendor accepts tap. I honestly can't remember the last time I paid for something under $100 and didn't use Apple Pay.
For my Space Black I have the black sport band, the white sport band, the original green sport band, and the Product Red sport band. I also have the black leather loop and Milanese Loop. All of them look spectacular on it!
I am not a lady, but my wife is. I got my Apple Watch 42 mm a couple months before she got hers - she wanted 42 mm so we could share our band collection, which is funny because she never changes hers!
There are definitely Android Wear devices that cost as much as Apple Watches. For example, Tag Heuer Connected ($1500 USD) and Huawei Watch ($349-799 USD). They don't have easily swappable bands and they are not regarded as having the same level of functionality as Apple Watch, even when paired with an Android device. Before getting my Apple Watch I thought of it as a luxury purchase, definitely not a necessity, but now that I've been using one for close to a year I think of it as being just as important as my phone.
Just like Germany itself was divided between the US, UK, France, and USSR, so to was Berlin in the East. At one point the Communists discontinued land access to West Berlin and the West responded with the Berlin Airlift. They never tried that again. To get to West Berlin from West Germany there were special procedures. Really interesting history.
Black Milanese loop
Black leather loop
Green sport band
Product Red sport band
Black sport band
I think it's a cool little interface, although having a button devoted to it bothered me too. I don't see why they can't just allow it to exist as a regular app in the dock.
I can't get time travel to work - is that gone now in watchOS3?
Mon Apple Watch c'est une «Space Black». C'est bon pour mon vie. Le condition c'est parfait, c'est meme un watch nouveau après 6 mois. (Desole pour mon mal français...)
I have the SB SS with the black, red, and green sport bands, and the black leather loop. The leather loop is awesome for formal occasions - it looks amazing with a suit. The watch came with the black sport band, and I just picked up the red and green sport bands Sunday since I thought they might discontinue them after the announcement. They are an amazing contrast with the black watch, but that look isn't for everyone. I will be wearing them a lot in the warmer weather, as sweat and leather don't go together well.

I'm also thinking of picking up the 4th generation imitation link bracelet, as it seems to look identical to Apple's. I just can't justify the over $800 (Canadian) it costs after tax for the original Apple version.