I'm new to Keto, but I thought Peanut Butter was off limits?  Is natural okay? Is almond butter better?

Thanks this recipe looks awesome.

r/wholesomememes he's definitely afraid the pig is dead and is giving CPR.
You have a makerbot too I see.
Houston is a bigger city too, in many other parts of Texas the median salary is between 32-35k.
Hotel?
Do they put crack in it?  That chicken is addicting.
[Costanza??](https://media1.tenor.com/images/dc792a96b19306578954913440d73496/tenor.gif?itemid=3441119)
Agreed, and I didn't even know about the error until this post. These kind of posts are annoying because it's like saying "We shouldn't care about this mistake because mistakes have been made in the past."  

At the end of the day who cares either way?
The best thing for us as Americans to do is make sure that history knows he's was one of the worst things to happen to modern America.  He can have his money, but having him become a"Benedict Arnold* so to speak will be what legacy he leaves behind forever.
There's more story/relationship building in this tweet between Luke and Rey than in all of The Force Awakens.
Can we add a panel with Luke cutting off Ben Solos head in his sleep?
r/ineeeedit ....until I saw the price, r/dontneeditthatbad
See [Love](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt4061080/?ref_=nm_knf_i2)
[You forgot Milana Vayntrub](https://www.google.com/search?q=milana+vayntrub&rlz=1C1IPOA_enUS738US740&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiO1-2Mh6HaAhUFq1MKHZkdBQIQ_AUICigB&biw=1536&bih=734&safe=active&ssui=on)
It's by far my favorite mode, you just can't take it too seriously because sometimes your team gets a shit hand and the other team gets all the aces.
I quit a few weeks ago, mainly because comp was full of dumbasses especially when you hit the lower tiers.  I've been a platinum range in every season but I've seen more quitters and people not wanting to build a decent team lately.  I can't seem.to win more than one game out of 10, which starts to drain the fun out of the game and become so frustrating. Now I have trouble staying in gold tier.

The only mode that's fun to me is mystery heroes.  Seems like everyone plays to win in that mode and you get to try out a lot of different characters.
Fits well with Galaxy S7.
[looking in your big brown eye....](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uc2UEfWjvo8)

That song was all kinds of dirty.
Check my post history for clues on mine...if you're so inclined.
I'm a trusting fellow, mayhaps someone would want to trade keys with me?  FOR FUN MATE
I'll be happy to join your circle.  Check my comment history if you want mine.
ah bro, I will join your circle.  YOU CAN TRUST ME.
If you reach this speed you go back in time. *hint hint*
[I trust everyone.](https://www.reddit.com/user/121jiggawatts/circle/embed/) 

When this baby hits ***** you're going to see some serious shit!
OH NOES
I'm confused AF
Another old guy chiming in, have been playing since the Atari 2600 days...I agree it's one of my favorite games I've played in a long time.  I haven't been this enamored with a game since The Witcher 3 came out!
So is there an April Fool's thing this year or just an elaborate mindfuck?  I usually figure in one goof off day at work for April Fool's Redditing. 
I remember the orangered periwinkle war...
How far would you drive? Mother Neff state park is an awesome.place to go star gazing.
This comment made my broke ass laugh.  [Best I can do.](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/ScarceOddballHoneyeater-size_restricted.gif)
Nice username.
[I too have smelt the mercy.](https://gfycat.com/FancyFatalFishingcat)
> on Obi Wan before his death.

Not sure if you know this or not but the prequels were released after the original trilogy.  We didn't know much about Obi Wan when the first Trilogy came out and Obi Wan wasn't technically the main Character of the prequels either.

Most of the original trilogy centered around Luke.  We knew his back story, and this was almost opposite of the Luke we saw. 
I'm sure Trump feels pretty invincible right now.  His cronies and supporters back him and make excuses for his every action, even  though they condemned Obama for similar actions.


We didn't get a whole trilogy based on Obi Wan before his death.
It did ask in the question prior which service I thought Theo sounds like it goes with: Bixby, Google Assistant, Alexa, Cortana and Sonos (I think?).  I thought it was weird because a lot of those already have names.

I honestly thought it was an assistant for a different brand until I started getting the rest of the questions.


I also thought it was weird that their last name was always Rivera even though Imelda wanted to forget Hector and Coco was the only child.  Would  they have married into other named families?
Well...guess I have to get a Nest cam now.  I was moving from Alexa to all Google Home and I was all in on Ring.

Yeah I made the switch from a flat last year for battery, I may regret it.
They actually let you that close?  They had their lockers roped off when I went.
I give you 1 Jason Garrett.
I'm pretty sure this is my fault.  I started rooting for the Jags and then the Vikings and then the Pats so fuck my life.
This game makes me dislike Garrett even more.
[who wants a body massage?](https://youtu.be/Ww3GTNv9hHk)
At this point last year's model isn't much worse and will be cheaper.  Will but an S8 when it hits $400.  Rinse repeat every year.
Haha, maybe if I was a drag queen.
I still have that old figure, it sits next to my old Deadpool figure.

I used to think about how awesome it would be to wear that wolverine outfit, but now I just think about how ridiculous it would look on most people.
I'd like to see specifically how each meal was broke down.  Did they eat mashed potatoes for breakfast?
True, I honestly remember it because of the girls legs and butt.  I didn't elaborate but every time it's posted I remember and the comments are predictable.
Yep and every time it's posted the top 2 comments are always "THICC" and "FAKE".
TLJ was bad for more reasons than Snoke, but your argument holds the same amount of water as before.  

I don't think people care about where he came from as much as his relationship with Ben and how he turned him to the dark-side. Vader was much more mysterious than Ben Solo.  We know Ben's parents, that Ben trained with Luke, the central character of the OT.  We didn't know much about Anakin, other than he's Luke's father and he was a Jedi.  We didn't have much background on Anakin during the OT, so we didn't need to know much about the emperor.  We know a lot about Ben and Luke, and not knowing how the son/nephew of our "good" protagonists from the first film became the most evil man in the galaxy is kind of a big hole to leave out. 

.

Yes, and ESB was 2nd and a New Hope was first....what's your point?
That's why Wonder Woman did so well right?

This argument is tired and is only introduced to try to "guilt" people into overlooking the bad character development in TLJ.  
This should be higher.  I think Rey is a Mary Sue and we should all be okay with it.

The only problem is, Anakin was a Mary Sue because of the "prophesy".  Rey just is one....no explanation given.

This is a problem with the writing in the current SW trilogy, not enough exposition and relationship building with our characters to make us care enough about them.   Kylo's relationship with Luke, his parents, and Snoke should of been explored more.  Rey's thoughts about her parents and her "drive" to find her place in the universe should of been explored more.   We don't really get any of that, what we do get is surface level stuff.  We can try to fill in the blanks, but look where that got us with Rey and Snoke.  
I wish they would make more articulated figures.  I like the black series but I'm afraid to take those out of the box.
People keep bringing up this argument but it was the first movies in a series so it's building a universe.  We didn't need to know anything about Palpatine because we knew nothing of this universe before.

This is the 8th movie in a trilogy, that is set not far after the OT.  Star Wars has built a universe for us to know like "The Force", rebels, empire...etc.  They also brought in characters whose backstory we are very familiar with.  Snoke's backstory may not be important honestly, but his relationship to Kylo Ren as well as Kylo's turn to the darkside (presumably by Snoke) are important to this film but not explored at all.  

RJ did a terrible showing relationships of the characters (Luke to Ben, Kylo to Snoke, Rey to Luke, Kylo to his mom/dad, etc...)
I think good and bad is generally subjective, although there are levels of objectivity to what is a good film and what is a bad film. 
It's not strange, just my own generalization I have made from talking with fans, reading articles and viewing Youtube critiques.  It's not a knock on how smart or mature OP is, it's just about growing up in a different era of Star Wars Fandom.  

I think if TLJ was a generic movie outside of the Star Wars Universe I would of probably enjoyed it much more, although it still would be a flawed movie.
I think this movie has been very divisive, and by your comments I can tell you're a young one because most of the hate is coming from older fans.  I'm an older fan and I grew up with the original trilogy...not that it means more to me than you, but I think it was different growing with Star Wars than being born into an immersed SW universe.  Kind of like kids growing up with technology, it's a different experience.

I didn't like TLJ, for many different reasons ([this encompasses many of my thoughts, though I'm not the creator](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fyZtylDq2Zw)), but I'm not going to knock you for liking the film.  I think the issues come when people try to convince the other side that their view is the correct one.

I think we can disagree and be okay with it, just don't let yourself become an extremist because both sides can be assholes.  
I can understand that, I just assumed the bigger ships had some way to create their own fuel because we never hear or see them mention fuel. 

It still felt a bit forced to advance the chase plot, but I can accept ships need fuel in the SW universe.
Also, when has fuel or running out ever been mentioned?
Too bad they didn't do the same for Rey.
Same thing could of been said about Luke.  What am I taking crazy pills?
I know you'll get downvoted but this is truth.  They obviously didn't have a plan for a Trilogy and each director is doing his own thing.

RJ basically said "fuck it" and let the next guy worry about Leia.

IMO it's an experiment on JJ's and Disney's part to see if they can produce/write a movie like an improv show.  Each director feeds off the previous but does his own thing.

I don't think it creates a cohesive series of films, but that's just my opinion.
I hated TLJ and totally disagree with RJ's interpretation of Luke, but I really enjoyed Looper and I'm sure he's a good dude.  I think death threats and generally being a shitty person is taking entertainment a little too far.  First world problems for a lot of people ya know?
I hated this decision...wish Disney would of just moved to a different time in the SW universe and left everything alone.
[LAWD JESUS! MUTHAFUCKIN' BOOTLEG FIREWORKS!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NRItYDKSqpQ)
I'll take 1 clove...for your health!
Patriots and Eagles winning...Trump in office... definitely darkest timeline.
You guys are so far up the Cowboys assholes you can't even celebrate a win without mentioning them.
Delicious bamboozle insurance.
Karin have you heard of ! redditgarlic?
!redditgarlic

This better not be a bamboozle.
This actually makes quite a bit of sense, but it's never even hinted at in the films.   

Some kind of reference or callback to this would of gone a long way for the audience instead of us inferring things or having to read/listen to things outside of the film.
I had a lot of issues with the film, but I disagree.  I think Ackbar only has an emotional attachment with more of the hardcore fans and the impact with Poe wouldn't have been quite as big if it had been Ackbar.

I honestly think Leia should of been the one to do it, which would of been a satisfying death for her character. 
What about all the reports (like the one this thread is based on) about sending information back to servers in China without our knowledge?  

Google, Facebook and other companies aren't trying to hide the fact they want your information. 

I don't trust any of them, but I trust Chinese companies a lot less because of incidents like these.
I'm sure they are bugging every phone made without anyone noticing. /s
 ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 

It's pretty hard to get away from, at least I think Google is using my information to make money.  After Russia's meddling in the election, especially through use of profiling and social media I feel a lot less inclined to trust a foreign government.
This is why Chinese phone manufacturers are having issues in the US.  Why anyone would trust (any phone really)  Chinese manufacturers after these kind of stories is beyond me.
This makes more sense, but people who don't have context outside of the movie don't understand this.

What you're saying make sense, I just wish they had added more context in the movie to support that.  I think it would of gone a long way for fans of the old Luke.
Luke is portrayed as a coward, which is a total betrayal of his character.  Imagine if Superman/Batman/Harry Potter decided to run away when things got tough.  

Okay, Luke has a moment of weakness in the tent.  Okay, that turns Ben Solo evil and makes him kill all of the padawans.  Why does Luke become a hermit and cut himself off from the force?  Does this strengthen the opposition to Kylo Ren or the First Order?  Does this do anything besides make Luke a coward?

Let's redeem him...by making him a force ghost...he doesn't even show up to fight.  He's a big fat coward in this movie!

So the hero of the OT is actually not brave at all, even though that was his story in the original trilogy.

I think it's ridiculous so many of you who liked his character in this are trying to make "us" understand.  It's either a fucking 180 from his character or it's piss poor writing...we aren't given any relationship building between Luke and Kylo other than 1-2 minutes of backstory.  Instead we get 30 minutes of Canto Bight.


I think RJ did a poor job of showing context for Luke's turn.  I think if they had spent a few more minutes showing Kylo training with Luke and the doubts Luke had...instead of the pivotal moment being a brief encounter in a tent a night would have helped.

Luke sensed the dark side in Ben for split second at night in a tent...this is what made Ben turn fully and destroy his temple?  Weak at best....it would have been better to spend more time on the Ben and Luke's relationship and show an ongoing conflict...with the moment in the tent being the last straw.  

We just don't get enough information.  Why would Luke cut himself off from the force? How does that change or help the situation he created?  It just doesn't make a whole lot of sense unless Luke is being a coward and running away from it all, which for most fans of Luke that is a betrayal of his character.


Rey becomes a crazy Jedi hermit who drinks milk straight from the teet.

She's disillusioned Jedi who failed to convert Kylo and must live with that failure forever.

In the end she  beats Kylo buy then we find out she was already a force ghost similar to 6th Sense.  

Broom kid is the most powerful force user in the Galaxy.
Totally agree with this.  If they had made the Luke story arc even a bit better I would of loved the movie.
Please check one:

* Rian Johnson's Mom
* A Disney/Lucasfilm Employee


Fair enough, but it's my opinion, as well as many others than RJ did not make a good movie.
Okay, but you're still saying that RJ can't make a good film unless he makes one that subverts all fan expectations?
Such a bullshit argument.   Don't make a movie fans want?  Why did they even include characters from the OG trilogy than?  

Next time you go to restaurant to order steak and the chef feeds you bullshit, make sure to thank him because it's not what you wanted, but it's what he wanted.
While I agree to a point on the fans, I think you would of made the majority of all fans happy by writing Luke closer to the Luke of old, instead of a grumpy, bitter, hermit.   There are still other issues with the movie but I don't think it would be panned as much as it did.
Nice try Disney.  😂
r/nostalgia
I'm not as distraught over the ending as others, but I think Luke's arc in this trilogy was disappointing.  His relationship with Ben, why he went into hiding, not training Rey, being an overall grumpy old man...I think it could of been handled better.  I think giving him a blaze of glory moment at the end would of redeemed the other issues in my eyes.


Okay, I see your point...I guess I'm waiting to fully judge Rey until we see how the trilogy is played out.   
I think Rey is a bit of a Mary Sue, but so was Luke and so was Anakin.  

I honestly don't have a huge problem with it as long as they give us a better explanation than her "balancing out the force" in episode 9.
I was torn on the movie.  I liked some things about it and disliked others.

Overall it felt like a lot subverting fan expectations just to be different.  

* I wanted to know Snoke's backstory...how did we get from the OT to here?
* Why is Rey so powerful with the force?  
* Why is Rey so driven towards Luke? What's her motivation to turn Kylo?
* Why introduce force powers with Leia but never acknowledge them afterwards?
* Why make Luke a brooding old hermit instead of the hero we remember?  
* Why not have Luke train Rey? 
* Why not have Luke go out in a blaze of glory?
* Contrived plot points such as running out of fuel, Holdo not giving up her plan, the whole Finn/Rose side quest. 
* Nothing really to look forward to for 9...there was no conflict or cliffhanger to resolve to look forward to in 9. 

I hear people lauding the movie because it doesn't do what fans expect, but why is this a good thing?  Is giving fans what they want a bad thing now?

I did like the visuals, and I think the Kylo/Rey story has potential. I really loved the opening scene with the bombers and Tico's sister.  I think the Finn/Rose side quest would have worked if the plot wasn't so convoluted (Mutiny, Code breakers, Sneaking off/on the ship, etc...)   I liked the humor overall, although some jokes didn't quite land for me.  I didn't think it was a bad film necessarily, but it felt bad in the context where the OT Star Wars exists. 
Yeah when I saw the movie the first time I wasn't sure if the prank call was a joke or if he really couldn't hear him...lol.
I'm not a fan of the way this went down, but I think it could of been fixed with a single line from Holdo to Leia. "Either there is a spy on this ship, or they have found some way to track us through lightspeed."

Would of told us why she's keeping her plan close to her chest.  We can only speculate now.

While I agree with your speculations, it mainly comes across as arrogance and conceit on Holdo's part IMO.

It's also a theme in Star Wars for hot head young kids to "Rebel" against the rules.
I mostly disliked the movie, but thought the humor worked well...save for the opening "prank call" scene and the light saber throw by Luke. 
...

* Have the walkers come down, confront the rebels as usual.  Have Ben stop the attack when Leia comes out to confront him.  She uses the force to telepathically tell him she forgives him and loves him.  He  hesitates but gives the order to fire.  Many soldiers around Leia are killed and Leia is deathly wounded.  Poe risks his life to bring her back into the base.  She's dying on a bed, scouts tell Poe that there's no way out and everyone's distraught thinking this is the end. Rey is better but not 100%.  She sits by Leia holding her hand.

* Luke comes in from out of nowhere. He sits by Rey and his sister.  He shed's a single tear as he smiles at her and takes her hand.  "I'm sorry, he says." "Luke, it's not your fault."  Leia passes while holding Luke's hand. Luke tells Poe and company about an escape route through the back which is how he got in.  He said you won't have much time, but I'll make sure you get it.  He then tells Rey "You are the one.  Kylo Ren is too powerful now.  You are the one to either turn him back to the light....or kill him but he must be stopped."   He tells her she's not quite strong enough to beat him yet, but head back to the Jedi Temple to complete her training.  She wants to ask more questions but Luke tells her to hurry and go.  "The force will be with you, always." Head nod and the resistance is off.

* Luke walks out and basically John Wicks his way through the walkers (similar to Vader in Rogue One) showing he's still a badass Jedi.  Kylo decides to confront him.  If we are going on the theory Kylo is the supreme dark badass now, he's super powerful.  Kylo and Luke LIGHTSABER BATTLE.  Luke holds his own, but we sense he still has love for his nephew and senses good in him.  He says it's not too late.  He force connects with Rey, Rey and Resistance are leaving the planet.  He knows that he's bought them enough time.  He pulls an Obi Wan vs. Darth and de-ignites his light saber allowing Kylo to strike a killing blow...but disappears similar to Obi Wan.  

* Set up - Luke force ghost training Rey to beat/convert Ben in Episode 9.  At the end of Episode 9 Rey is the most powerful force user to ever use the force, is like a daughter to Luke and accomplishes what he didn't...building a competent school for Gray Jedi's. 
Lol, you I LIKE.
That's my point.  Why make the legendary heroes more realistic instead of the idealistic heroes we remember?

That would be like having a Superman movie where he's just a dude who is extra strong but is a real asshole now.  New heroes meet him and instead of training or in inspiring them he acts like a total of dick then finally saves their asses by pretending to fly jumping off a building and killing himself forever.  Legendary.
Is this something new because if this is true, who balanced out the force in the OT?  If you said Luke than why wasn't her able to beat Vader in Empire or the emperor in Jedi?

Are we gonna make shit up as we go now?

Does the force use a spreadsheet to keep up?
Lazy argument.  I would be fine if Rey was the most powerful force user ever if the movies gave us any me explaination why.  This could of been done by any of these

* showing Rey comes from a powerful force lineage.
* Luke is a badass teacher now and makes her a Jedi with some real lessons
* Rey actually learns how to use the force quickly, but is still shown learning.. Which means failing, correcting and trying again.
* Rey is "a chosen one" that is not only prophesized by Snoke but by Luke and possibly yoda/Kenobi/Anakin/Ren.

If Rey was a nobody dude it wouldn't change the flaws in the character.
Not sure if this says more about Zeke or the state of the running game in today's NFL.
I get that, but how can y'all be okay with "humanizing" the OT legends but be okay with Rey being awesome at everything without any training or explaination?
The reason the emperor worked is because we didn't have much history on the SW universe before the OT.  It was okay to be mysterious because we didn't have much to fill in.

We have history now and if you're going to link OT characters than there should be some explaination of how the first order came to be, how Snoke came into.power and what's his motivation?  If this trilogy was set in the far future past the OT it wouldn't be such a big deal.

I get what Disney is doing, but doesn't mean I like it.
Bullshit argument.  I think most of us would be happy seeing Rey as the most powerful force user if she actually earned the title through training or even through real world experience that involves loss, learning than growth.
I totally disagree.  I think making characters legendary and awesome is part of the escapism of going to a movie.  Stat Wars was never meant to be a gritty reality drama.
You wouldnt have star wars without the relics so yeah I think some respect is warranted. If you wanted to start a new then they should of set the movies far past the OT to leave fans to fill in the gaps. This would of made the OT fans happier than shitting all over the OT characters.
How does this even make sense?  Make a movie that the fans don't want? That's like going to a steak place for a steak but having the chef give you a salad because he thinks it's better for me.
You don't need to go in depth, but a couple of sentences would do.  Problem is we know about the events directly prior to Snoke and the first order  (the OT) so we need some context on a new Darkside badass force user that rose to power with the first order with enough resources to build a starkiller base.  This isn't something you just blow off unless the movies are set in the very distant future following the OT and without OT characters.
Why introduce Snoke at all then??
He trained with Yoda for like a year....
It would help if it was clarified in 8.  That would  alleviate some of the hate 7 is getting.
Yes, but Anakin was trained as a Jedi!
Yeah, TLJ may be seen in a better light as a part of the trilogy than a stand alone movie.
This doesn't make sense in the Lore of the universe.  Who was the emperors/Vader's counter balance?  If it was Luke, he still needed training to be competent.
Much or the OT was about Luke and his growth with the force.  His strength in the force  is explained by being the son of a powerful force user, and some training from obi wan and Yoda.  Even with this, he is still learning in real life how to use the force.  He fights Vader and fails in ESB.  

Rey had zero training and was using force powers and weilding a saber like a trained user.   

I wouldn't have any issues with Rey being the most powerful force user ever if we were given something about her coming from a powerful force background or have  a training "montage* with Luke.  They could say that she's more in tune with the force or Luke is such a powerful Jedi that she advances at a.much quicker rate than anyone else.

Instead we have a character that is automatically great at everything with zero explaination.
People keep saying that Luke is human and can fail but defend Rey for being a super Jedi without any training.   Basically takes what was built in the OT and says to hell with it.

I like Rey as the most powerful Jedi ever, but at least show her earning it.
They'll just get another Snoke from the outer rim with a death star 3 times as big.  Don't ask where or how they found him, you don't need context for a movie!
Thanks, I'll check them out.
Okay, this is helpful information.
I saw it, and I get it... But I would of liked to see him actually have a real lightsaber battle.   I still enjoyed the movie and am not as disappointed in Luke's story as others are.
While what your dad said was true, we didn't have any real prior knowledge of the Star Wars universe during the original trilogy.

TLJ is a sequel in which we know the history of the rebels vs empire...Vader and to be emperor were defeated... Now there's a new big bad Darkside user?  I'm hoping more will be revealed in the next film but it doesn't really compare.
I have been lifting on and off for 20 years, and I would totally recommend stronglifts.  If you're limited on time, some people swear by starting strength 3x3.   

If you have the time, I prefer [bro splits](https://youtu.be/fEE3NSuelOM) because you can really work your muscles hard and give them lots of rest.  Jeff Nippard has some other group great science based videos you should check out as well.
8-8 is a fucking Garrett trademark.  This team will never be better than average with this coaching staff.
Yeah should of said "school year".
Wouldn't be a Garrett team without an 8-8 season.
I heard on 105.3. apparently all the owners met and Goodell and Jerry hugged at some point.
Glad Jerry and Roger hugged it out, these refs are fucking us less often now.
This coming from the guy who let Trump talk all kinds of shit about him and his wife then kneeled before  him.  Fuck him, I'm helping Beto in whatever way I can.
I love listen to him and Mickey get into on the podcasts. 
[😒 Meh](https://media.giphy.com/media/5Q89wB5E6BfAk/giphy.gif)
I'm stoked that we are winning, but we still don't look "good"...at least not good enough to beat great teams.  Good news is that we have a young team and I think we could be great in the coming years.
Turnovers, Dak throwing touchdowns, a holding call goes our way, Switz runs one back...IS IT CHRISTMAS ALREADY?
"dropsies" lol

did heath just tackle a teammate?
Okay, maybe Dak has shaken this slump...
Hai Jerry!  Can I come up to your perch and hang out?
He missed a wide open receiver earlier....
Dak is crazy off...not sure what's going on but it's got me worried...
Washington trying to give us the game here but our offense is like...no thanks bruh.
I have a love/hate relationship with Heath.  Right now we are in the love phase.
I totally thought this was the sub when I saw the headline.
I think the biggest sign that the Cowboys have a coaching problem, whether it's Garrett, the Coordinators or Jones is the lack of consistency.  

How can we go from a 13-3 season to a mediocre one this year?  Even this season, we have either looked great or looked like trash.  This is a trademark of the Garrett era and in my eyes, not having teams that consistently come out and perform has to be coaching.

I'm not saying we should be 13-3 again this year, but we surely shouldn't be getting blown out like we have been.   
[Looks like the source of said "toot".](https://splashbrush.deviantart.com/art/Overwatch-Reaper-622239815)
The Garrett era has been defined by subpar defense and inconsistent play.    Our defense has actually performed over what they are expected considering we haven't really drafted or traded for defensive superstars.

This team has shown talent over the years but have played so inconsistent that we've been an average team for the most part.
I think secondary is priority at this point.
We haven't drafted good defense players or even tried until last year.  9ur secondary is inexperienced and playing terribly.  We can stop the run and can force third downs but we can't stop the pass at all, especially when facing elite QBs.
Blame Game:

- Dak : Sophomore QB that's doing the best he can with an offensive line that's underperforming, receivers that run routes poorly and drop balls.

- Dez : hasn't made great catches this year, but hasn't had great looks either.  I think he's lost a step, but Daks accuracy has fallen off which I feel has more.to do with his confidence at this point.

- Defense : I think they have done well given their talent and sans Sean Lee, but having such a young and inexperienced secondary has taken a toll on the pass defense.  Drafting a good safety or corner should help.

- Coaching:. There has been major inconsistenties over the years with clock management and play calling.  Some of this you can put on our players football IQ, but this is definitely a coachable idea that doesn't seem to be improving.  Our team playing like a Superbowl contender a few games then playing like a bottom dweller others just feels of bad coaching in my book.  Even with the injuries we have being so damn inconsistent is a coaching problem.

You can look at the Patriots with Belichick.  When they lost Brady, they bent but didn't break.  Our team has been defined by this inconsistent play throughout the Garrett era.  

- Front Office: our lack of drafting defense players in the early rounds and building a stellar defense to compliment the offense has killed us.  We have lost so many close games over the years that are shootouts mostly because our offense is great and our defense sucked.  Our offense is finally slowing down and now the blowouts start to happen.  This team is a mess with blame to go all around.
Fuck Jerry and Fuck Garrett .  This is inexcusable.
We are Browns level bad...
Never thought I would agree with an Eagles fan...
I'm just happy I'm old enough to remember when we were good.
Nice Superbowls!👍
I laughed and cried.at the same time.
Is it too early to think about the draft?
Eagles  playcalling just looks better than ours, at least offensively.   When is Jerry going to realize Garrett is our weak link.
What was with oven mitt guy?
Not sure what's worse this season, the refs or Dez trying to catch a ball.
Good thing there's that reddit filter button. It's interesting to see a group of people so mentally out of the loop (Donnie supporters) circlejerking each other to death.
The backdoor is obviously through the headphone jack, which is why everyone is removing it.

I suggest a plug for this backdoor.  A backdoor plug for your headphone jack.
This.  This app has been so laggy lately it takes almost a full minute to open and start playing music.  Switching playlists is almost the same.  
It would be cool if you could add a Chromecast to the group.  I have a Bose sound system hooked up to my living room TV and it would be nice to incorporate this.
Google Music actually used to work well for me...but something changed about a month or two ago.   Now it's slow and laggy as hell and I'm considering switching to Spotify!
Well said, and definitely agree.  Also mad respect to you for being a decent human during this time of our suffering...because this is optimal troll feeding time.  *cheers*
Well, you guys are the best team in football right now...so I think it's a sign of respect.  I mean as a realistic fan we aren't doing much this season so beating you guys would be great...it's just icing that we are rivals.  Plus some of your fans troll the shit out of our forums so it's a bit of a rub for us.  

Should be a good game...hopefully. 
I'm done thinking about the Playoffs this year...I'm just hoping we bend the Eagles over for two games...could care less about the rest.  Let's go and get us a stud LB in the draft and possibly another lineman because Chaz better be selling popcorn at the stadium next time we see him.
Coaching staff has always been shit.  I actually like Marinelli, but offensively Garrett and Linehan have a hard time doing anything outside of taking advantage of the really talented players.  I hate to say it, but we're an average NFL team.

Yeah, trolling in another team's forum is so much more respectable. Enjoy the good season while it lasts, and keep coming by to troll us...I know that all that Eagle's success is so fleeting.
Haha, thanks for the laugh.  Enjoy your success, you'll still have zero Superbowls after this year.
When this team is bad they are really bad.  This is just a shitty loss.
Stealing this...
They are shit at offense adjustments.
If Garrett has any balls at all he would fire Chaz immediately after this game.
You guys can have it, I know you're not used to success.
Success running...color.me.surprised but then you run a no back set???
Grabbing the facehole.
Here comes Garrett and Linehan in panic mode, pass every down.
WTF happened to.our pass rush?
It's been obvious through the Garrett era that they are shit at making adjustments.
Bad  bot.
Sean Lee is our entire defense apparently.
Dying may be a better option than enduring the rest of this game....
They need to find a way to.run the ball.  It's obvious that green can't block a pass rush and we just can't do anything as a one dimensional offense.
Pepsi Marketing team is a fucking dartboard with dumb ideas on it.
This game may expose our weak offensive coaching.   They have struggled with adjustments before and now they don't know what to do without Zeke.
D Law, back with the sack.
Making it Rayne Dakota Prescott!
Holy shit a turnover.  This D is looking like the real deal.
Chaz looks like he's stuck in mud.
Dez needs a big game today.  He needs to show they can lean on him and Dak when Zeke is out.
I see a new meme brewing.
You'd be a perfect Maggie from The Walking Dead.
I paid for the app, mainly to support the devs.  It was the only app I could find at the time that supported Android, iOS (my wife has an iPhone) and web platforms at the same time.  While I would prefer better home integration and IFTTT integration, it's still the best for my needs.
I dig the Our Groceries App...but I agree adding things to the list via home is annoying.  I do it on the phone or browser usually, and use the home if I need to quickly add something I need in the moment.  
I'm sure someone posted this already, but it's taken from a Word Cloud, which basically takes all the words you say and makes the ones you say the most bigger.  Not sure what speech or talk they took this from but it may have been one about competing with Android.  Makes sense, but is still ugly as sin.
You should totally go for it!  I thought about building one myself but I have no idea where to even start.


Sign me up for those QUADS OF LIFE.
Hamstrings and cheese please.
Google should build something that looks like an old school alarm clock with a digital screen that has an FM radio and Google Assistant built in. 
Garrett and Linehan finally realized  the run game is key on offense.

Our d line looks solid, secondary is still shaky.  D looked good today. 
 
I haven't questioned Dez all year, but now I'm going to question if he's got big play ability any more.   IDK, maybe I'm expecting too much.
Seen Dez more in commercials than on the field.
Bullshit.  Asshat slipped.
I almost feel sorry for the Skins...nah, fuck em.
🌮!!
I'd love to see them do a stripped down version, similar to a pebble watch.  Give me an always on display, notifications and decent battery.
[STAHP!](https://media.giphy.com/media/l378i1SOul7jVoYTe/giphy.gif)
I actually flashed the unlocked version of the software on the phone and it was faster.  Battery life improved a bit, but I lost WiFi and VOLTE calling, which unfortunately I need.

I ended up buying a cheap S7 Active.  Ugly as sin, tactile buttons suck...but the battery life is much better.
The only killer for me on the S7 was the battery life, but I just ordered an S7 Active, so hopefully this will be the best phone...and I can keep it a couple of years until I can afford one of the newer "flagships".
Thanks, I'll try that.  I prefer not to.have to go back to the at&t firmware.
I don't hate my alarm, [just the annoying alarm sound](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A2nirOjpz70).  I think it's easier to get up if I have something meaningful or motivational to me.

Right now I use doubletwist and the alarm that goes with it to do music alarms. This requires that I load some songs directly onto my phone, but it's not hard to come up with a playlist of songs I like.
That would require a kicker who can make them.
Well I was happy for a few minutes.
Hey, we won the pig race... Bright side right guys?
I created a shortcut for my home + Hue lights [just because of this scene.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L5g_t6FAYLY)
Great, this is one of the major issues I have with Google home right now.
How is the microphone?  Can it hear you while playing music?
We've been saying it all game...should took the points early... although I'm not sure he would of made it anyway.
Gonna take that burnt orange moon as a good sign.[https://i.imgur.com/TfiDvfn.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/TfiDvfn.jpg)
[How much shit does he have to do to get some people to dislike him?](https://i.imgflip.com/9n1nu.jpg)
This right here.  I was ready to pull the trigger but after my wife got an iPhone 7 plus we both realized how much we use headphones.  Looks like an LG V10 or Galaxy S9...
LG V30?
Buy a year old phone...
MS never had a good.consumer "ecosystem" for users to buy into.   Sure their business market was on top, but  iApple marketed themselves much better.

They had a great shot with the Xbox, but instead of making a platform that was avaible on many different devices, they put their stock in Windows phone.   If they had released an Android and iPhone app and had some slick way of connecting it to the Xbox and PC they might of competed.
True, but there was a definite momentum swing after that Switzer muff and the TD following.
Well, not really.  They haven't played as bad as they could have, I mean the Rams only scored two touchdowns on short fields...this game could have been so much worse.
I like that he's owning it, hopefully he'll learn from it and be an awesome returner.
Who says Dak doesn't throw a touchdown next play either? We are all just armchair coaches here,  but why can't we look at the mistakes that were made and hope that they correct them.  


...and none of us should be criticized when making mistakes that have costly effects?
I agree, but didn't that feel like a turning point?  Honestly, I don't blame the loss on Switzer, I put more of the blame on the coaching staff for getting away from the run in the second half and not countering the Rams adjustments.

Like I said in my other comment, Garrett and company are a "trust the process" team, even when their process stops working.
Yeah, I pulled a Switzer on "should have".  
I would probably be more forgiving if he had muffed it in the open field, [but clearly he caught the ball and tried to make something happen](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Au5d6icU4zE) when he should have fair caught it...there were defenders all around him.
While I agree with your coaching statements, if we take away the touchdown that comes off the Switzer turnover, we would ~~of~~ have won the game. 
I know he's a rookie, but he's a starter in the NFL and fair catching a punt when the other team is on your door step is something you learn in High School.  This isn't  a mistake you should see any player in the NFL make. 
True, maybe I should ~~of~~ have said flashes of brilliance.  Considering what he has to work with, he could do worse.
Switzer, you ~~dumbass~~ sweet summer child.  Without that Muff, it's likely they wouldn't of scored  a TD.

I felt our defense is just not good enough for us to be a great team yet.  Pass rush needs to improve and Marinelli is a genius but our scheme isn't working with this group.  We give up to much space, and good QBs are picking us apart.

Offensively we got away from the run again in the second half.  Dak and Dez are off.  Offensive line is having a hard time pass blocking...and Dak is trying to hold the ball too long.  

Overall I think this comes down to coaching, and I feel Garrett and company are not making any adjustments as the game goes on.  He's a "trust the process" guy even when it's not working.

&nbsp;

**EDIT**- for those of you thinking I'm being too hard on a rookie: I still like the kid, he's got good potential, but he can't make mistakes at this level, even as a rookie.  Without that TD off his turnover we would ~~of~~ have won the game.  Also editing grammar errors, because the Nazi's are out in full force.
This is why that muff by Switz was so damn stupid.
Our pass defense is trash.
Even high school players know that should have been a fair catch.
Bench Switz for the rest of the game and let him know he done fucked up.
This is what I'm betting on.  Google didn't want to release another SMS client, which is why they hesitate to add SMS fallback.  Plus they already have android messages for SMS.

The younger crowd is all about snapchat and instagram these days, and trends usually follow them.  I think Google is banking on these ephemeral messaging clients will replace SMS for most one day. 
Agreed. I think this is the breaking point for me.  I can't really afford a phone over $500-$600 and honestly that's stretching it for me.  I bought an S7 last year for about $350 from Swappa and I'm fine with keeping it another year.  I'll probably wait until the S9 drops and then buy an S8.

I've enjoyed using this phone and probably won't upgrade for a while because phones are getting too damn expensive anyway.  

The only thing I would really like is S-Pen capabilities, but I may wait a year or two for the Note 8 to drop in price.
This is definitely signature "Garrett" offense.  When Romo was quaterback there were games where he threw 40-50 passes. This coaching staff just doesn't know how to run a balanced offensive attack and obviously doesn't understand the importance of establishing a run game.  

I get that the Broncos D was stopping the run, but they were stopping the pass too.  Adjust your play calling and find a way to get it done.  
[Can I get a hat wobble?](http://i.imgur.com/uti5vES.gif)
I agree when you're behind you don't have an option, but they went to the pass very early on.  Down by 7 or even 10 doesn't mean it's time to abandon the run.  

Don't get me wrong, by no means do I think even if Zeke rushed for 100 yards would they have won.  It was just one of those games the entire team played terribly, which I either chalk up to bad luck or bad coaching.  I certainly think we will bounce back from this though because the team that showed up is not a representation of who we are. 
I'm hoping the coaching staff learns from this mistake and gets better at making adjustments for the team their playing.

I watched the UT/USC game Saturday (best game I've seen so far this year) and Herman and his staff made some great offensive adjustments to counter all the run stopping USC was doing.  

I'm not an NFL coach by any means, but when you have a talented team like the Cowboys who get blown out on all phases of the game my gut tells me the biggest share of the blame falls on the coaching staff.
I agree our D was atrocious and I agree they were stopping the run...but IMO, adjustments should have been made to at least try and get the ground game going.  Zeke was averaging 80 yards a game, getting even 2-3 yards on a few carries would at least make the defense take notice.  

On the defensive side though, I can't think we would compete in the playoffs with a secondary that played as bad as they did yesterday.  
I feel that they abandoned the run game too soon and tried to air it out even when we were only down 10.   It felt like the Cowboys of old when we put the game in Romos shoulders.  Dak isn't at that point yet to carry this team without some help, even Romo had a hard time doing that.

I think the biggest issue is offensive coaching. Basically we were one dimensional the entire game which makes playing defense much easier.

 D looked bad but our secondary was beat up.
This and D Law were my only good thoughts after yesterday's cluster....oh and that Eagle's L.
Fuck this shit show, I'm done.
My buddy is a guy who trolls other teams subs...wait that's not my friend that's an asshole.
Okay defense, wait until 1 yard after they get the first down and then tackle.
This D is Doo Doo.  Would be happy for a playoff berth this season but can't expect much more.
Get the players off the field, fans stay put.
I'm a rebel Dottie!
Tis an Overwatch reference.
That is weird.  I keep checking for software updates and it says none available.  Damn.
An me, an at&t user still on July's patch. :/
This looks awesome but only people that can afford a day at Westworld will be able to buy this.
Same here.  I'm supposed to be getting Pearson in a couple of weeks but I'm already a month into school...
Good start to a season Cowboys!  I'm hoping they work on red zone offense.  We all love Bailey, but field goals alone won't take us to the Superbowl.
King Bailey, MVP.
Eli you ol knucklehead.  Haha.
Anyone get a screencap of that Beas catch?
Lee is a BEAST.
Good job D.  I'll give them 9 minutes for 3 points with us in the lead.  Now we just need to make sure we run the clock.
This is the first time I saw something on Facebook before I saw it on Reddit.
Revision History FTW.
I agree...although they did have a Note 3 "mini" version.  I would love to see them make another Mini variation.


I wish they would bring that stylus to a smaller phone.  I'd love a regular S8 with the stylus and screen off memo.  

Oh...and a well placed fingerprint reader.
I had a Note 5 and that was getting long in the tooth this year.
I really love the S-Pen and honestly just want the ability to do off screen memos.  I can't fathom paying that much for a phone though, so I'll wait until it goes down in price 300-400.  


I got one yesterday on at&t...July 1st security patch.  Damn AT&T, you slow.
I really love the S-Pen and the ability to take notes on the screen before even logging in.  I loved the Note 5 but the lack of expandable storage and horrid battery life got me to switch to an S7.  

I want to go back, but not for $900+.  I wish the Note 7 was still a thing...that didn't explode.  
Always reminds me of National Lampoon's European Vacation
[Look closer and you'll see it...](http://i.imgur.com/uVeN6Ml.png)
I was hoping the herbalist wit day booty was a romance option. Super disappointed.
I'm a little worried that there is no TES6 and that TES Online is supposed to fill that void. 
I really dislike Elder Scrolls online and they are trying to squeeze all the juice from Skyrim even though they drained it dry a couple of years ago.  

I agree Wolfenstein actually looked interesting, but overall it was very meh.
This.  Geriks has the best Kolaches and cinnamon rolls.
One thing not mentioned in the FAQ, whether the level of fairy has an effect on leveling dragons during quest runs?
So if I choose not to lock it everyone can watch me helicopter dick and pee?
Just don't put one in your mouth!
I think this has massive potential in the IOT space.  These type of devices can replace home phones, especially if they are easy to use.    

Hopefully Google can integrate Allo/Duo into their home solutions soon.  
I'm a huge Google fanboy...heavily invested in the Google ecosystem.  I got an Echo and a Home when they first came out.  I assumed I would learn more towards the Google home...but with these features Amazon is leaping far ahead.

I may have to switch to Amazon music, as Google music is the only thing holding me back from using the Echo all the time.
I've always preferred the guys at Android Central and All About Android. 

I've entered a few Android Authority give away...it seems like they do these every day.  Now I know why...
Wow, they added home integration?  Thanks!
Should of not been so annoying you fucking bot.
I guess I should of explained more, but it shows how you can make a really good shopping list app work with a voice hub.  It honestly works better than keep IMO.  

I'm a huge fan of all things Google,  and I own both a Google home and Echo, and Alexa has been more useful to me so far.  I'm hoping Google works on little things like this or being able to add reminders or calendar events.
Boo.  Google is doing a lot of things wrong lately and starting to lose that spark they once had.
There's a really great grocery app called OurGroceries that works with I phone, Android and connects to Alexa.  I wish they would add Google home integration.
I would suggest Google add some kind of  compound keyword like "plus" so it would look for multiple commands.


I had the Nexus 5x for about 3 months and while I didn't really experience slow downs, I did notice it would freeze up and certain apps would really cause it to struggle.  I think this is more to blame on the processor than the OS.
I had the Note 5 over a year and loved it.  I upgraded to an S7 mainly because the battery life wasn't great.  Never had any issues with it though, it was one of the best phones I owned.

I really miss the S-Pen.  I'm hoping the next Note will be awesome.
That fingerprint reader is going to be a problem....almost Samsung, almost.

I'm hoping they fix this with the Next Note.
I use schoology too, although i use the free version.   Love it...It's easy to use and kids find it user friendly.  Only thing I miss is collaborative documents.

I assume you may be at a Microsoft district?  I'd so, Microsoft will be releasing a  Google classroom competitor very soon.
Come by West, TX anytime you want to try some Texas Kolaches.  Lots of Czech pride there.
I should of said the word 'texas' to be added to the flag
we putting Texas anywhere? up top maybe?
HELLYES
Ah, I guess you weren't wrong...I forgot about at&t Corp...But true this shows just how all the fractured pieces put themselves together again.
Wrong.   Cingular was the older, larger Southwestern bell, and at&t wireless was the smaller carrier.   Cingular bought at&tw, turned everything Cingular then decided the at&t name was too valuable and rebranded.

Source- Me in the wireless industry from 1998-2008.
I'm on board for the same reasons here.  I love my S7.

I used to get a new phone every year , so I was used to that "cycle" and was always anxious about the next big phone.  While I'm not blown away by the S7, I would say I am content with the features.

The only thing that would convince me to upgrade would be a crazy boost in battery life.  While my battery lasts most of the day, it would be nice to not have to worry about it.
You're splitting hairs with the camera, but if they have a question about screen, be sure to let them know who [makes the best screens is also who Apple gets their screens from.](https://9to5mac.com/2016/04/14/oled-iphone-2017-samsung-agreement/)

I will say, the iPhone 7+ speakers blow away my S7's...otherwise I think Samsung has the advantage.
What about the lite version of messenger?  My battery isn't bad, but it isn't awesome.
[Roche Approves.](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/fb/fd/ea/fbfdea7debee68104b46469856e4e4c9.jpg)
I'd love for someone to tackle an Elric game. Although I think it would be hard to top The Witcher series.
This is less sweatypalms and more puckeredasshole.
I'd like to give this to a student of mine who can't afford an Xbox one.  
I just saw him in Belton.  For an 83 year old, he still plays the hell outta that guitar.
Yeah, I've played with After Effects and Premiere a bit, but it's definitely not user friendly.  

I'd love to do some really cool stuff in a video production class like this.  I've been digging through some of the sidebar tutorials but a lot of it seems pretty basic.  


Wow, this is great!

I would love to be able to do something like this, can someone point me to what software or a tutorial I should learn to be able to do this?

I have some amateur level video editing skills with final cut but I'd like to learn how to do this so I can teach a video production high school class next year!
You can all enjoy a future where Biff rules...Actually can't be much worse than Trump.
Doubletwist alarm clock.  Can't change the alarm music.
I usually upgrade every year.
I came from a Note 5 for:

* better battery life
* Waterproofing
* smaller form factor
* SD card slot

I don't think the S8 will offer much to entice me to switch, at least not at the full price. I usually wait until I can pick up a phone used for about $400 or less.

[Amateur hour I know...but here's the Trumplets.](http://i.imgur.com/x9kJcGr.png)
"Is the lizard fresh today?"
OP missed out on title gold there.

Probably be re-posted in a few days with that title...
Oatmeal Cookies!
You'll need to flash PK1 (MM) back using Odin3 3.12.  PK1 files can be found on the XDA Forum under the att S7.  

After you flash back you can run the update.  Worked for me.
Totally agree with this.  Looking at the show objectively, especially in context of a kids show it's really good.
Same here.  Sammy always seems to drop the ball on something, but the S7 flat is pretty dang close.  

These new phones are definitely too big for my tastes.
First, you didn't cite any sources of these videos.
Second, still based on opinion.  Just because you don't like it, doesn't mean you have to come into a forum and poo poo it. 

I'm done wasting my time.  I understand there are people that want to shit in other people's beds because they are so unhappy with their own, but seriously "it's just a kids show".
Opinion based, not factual.  Some people with immature humor, especially kids find this funny.  The thing is, if there was a show out there I didn't like I wouldn't waste my time in a forum shitting all over it unless I was butt-hurt.
The real circlejerking is the hate this show gets.  I saw someone say they hate it because it gets so much airtime and promos, and that I can understand. 

Most people say, "This show is shit. It's plot is shitty, shitty writing.."  which is basically feels like a butt-hurt opinion.   

I'll agree that Regular Show and Gumball are clever and well written, but Teen Titans Go isn't supposed to be like them.  It's silly, random and can even be very clever sometimes.   There is a lot of clever meta writing (such as the hate for the show, and recognizing the "serious" version of the show) which the younger audience doesn't get.  

I think many fans of the older show are upset because it's a 360 reboot with their favorite characters that they have some attachment to.  I think that the hate circle-jerk has basically spread like cancer and corrupted an otherwise decent show.
I only assume because you're complaining about it online, instead of letting people who enjoy it talk about it.  We understand you think it's shit, move on and enjoy /r/gumball or /r/regularshow .

 ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

The show is funny, and appealing to adults as well as kids.  Neckbeards are just in a kerfuffle because they have nothing else in their life. 

OH WRITING SO BAD! SHOW SO BAD!  -5th grader who can barely pass an English exam.
I'm interested in buying an Android tablet, was checking out the Nvidia K1 and the Samsung Tab A 8".   I want it mainly for gaming, books and some light web browsing.  Price range $200-$300.

I don't need a tablet now, should I wait for the next gen or go ahead and buy?  Recommendations for something that's not laggy as hell?
This whole movie is a guilty pleasure.
GREAT SCOTT!
Talk with your admins.  If they won't back you up with discipline it might be time to look for a new place to work.  

Make sure you document everything and are sending a mountain of documentation with referrals.  If the admins are still complacent about behavior look elsewhere.
This is symptomatic of a company that has more money than sense.  If Google was truly hungry to be a competitor in the mobile messaging space, they would of added SMS integration and a web client.  Google doesn't need Allo to be competitive and thus run it more like an experiment or hobby.  
I got mine from Swappa for $350 in near mint condition.  
refs realized they hadn't made a call all game...QUICK CALL SOMETHING.

Refs decide to switch teams this week?  
I can't believe we lost to this team.  I'm positive we would've at least shown up.
I'm pretty sure the Pack saved us from the Falcons bashing.
Second this...FOR FADING MY DREAMS INTO OBLIVION.
You're right, the Cowboys should of overcome the refs bias towards the Pack like Atlanta is about to do.
Damn, the refs may not even be able to save you today Pack...
Same here, check around this sub.
Last year my Note 5 got it before Verizon, but at&t had a beta.  Verizon had an S7 beta I believe..and at&t did not.  If so, I assume they will get it first and then at&t...although hopefully it won't take as long.  I got MM update in April last year and Verizon didn't get it until the summer time.
I'm betting on March for an at&t update.  They are the snails of the android update cycle.
Fuck Garrett and Linehan...Run the damn ball!
Why are we getting away from the run?????
How are we not even competing here?  I can' stomach a loss but I refuse to believe we are getting dominated this badly.
How the hell does our defense look like this much shit?  Surely we have been good enough to get this far.  
Rodgers had time to make a sandwich, watch a season of the walking dead and throw it.  Pass rush is shit.
Yeah I've never seen that penalty ever called.
Trump is going to hire this monkey to be his new press secretary.
Don't look down...Where do I look?
I like the idea of the SS being a synth, mainly because I don't feel like the SS is any more special than anyone else in the wasteland. 

I prefer TES games because you feel like you stand out...you're the chosen one and that's how you can walk into a den of 20 vampires and kill them all by yourself.

How can the SS, a nobody that doesn't know a thing about the wasteland, wake up and be a badass all of a sudden?  How can the SS walk into Nuka World and kill hundreds of raiders on his/her own?   I think making him like an Ultra-Synth human hybrid would of been a good way to explain this.  


[They really care more about humans lower horn than anything.](https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=_TzpzUQ9Vjg)
12-2...This reminds me of the 90's glory years.  This has been one helluva season!
[I believe I qualify.](http://www.cbc.ca/mrd/content/images/6-hands-up.gif)
Damn Sean Lee is a beast tonight!
Too bad they don't release OS updates this quickly...
I really like my Pebble. I hope someone replaces this niche with a smart watch that lasts a week and is always on.  

I tried a Moto 360 and the battery was awful, especially if you want to keep the display on all the time.
LOL, I just google oblivion character creation.  Never played Dark Souls but it's hard to tell the difference.
[was just browsing the Eagles sub, boy are they salty.  HEHE](http://i.imgur.com/5NYZy.gif)
As an older Cowboys fan who has seen highs and a recent very long streak of lows...Damn this feels good!

💪BEASTS IN THE EAST! 💪

🔥🔥GET HYPE!🔥🔥
I'll be happy to check it out!

Douche collingsworth sounded upset that the flag was on The Vikings.   
dear at&t, you suck balls.
I am full of drunk turkey
That drive was mostly first downs... Damn I fell good about this game boys!! 

Let's hope the D does the same! 
Mystery can help fuel some fire for a character.  Boba fett is one of my faves too because of this reason.   Vader used to be as well, but the love faded a bit when the second trilogy came out and Vader was a whiny ads instead of a badass. 

I'm hoping for some badass Vader in the Rogue one movie.
nobody was buying it.
Zeke broke Dorsett's rookie rushing record and the Cowboys have never won 9 straight.  Prescott broke a couple of rookie records in the Cleveland game as well.
Rookies breaking records, team breaking records...**🔥STRAIGHT FIRE🔥**
.  This season is a FUCKING DREAM...I hope I stay in this coma for a while.
I feel we should spread the love among Cowboys...
Give Zeke the MVP, Give Prescott Rookie of the year.  Give us the Lombardi Trophy.
This is great, it shows he knows what the hell is up...and he cares.  
Call me superstitious, but I don't want to jinx this magic.  
This season has been magic...I'm not saying Super Bowl, but damn it will feel nice to be in the playoffs again.
Has there ever been rookies that look as good as Zeke and Dak?  I'm over 30 and I don't remember any...
The 2016 Cowboys definitely make up for the rest of the shit that is the year 2016.
I would be more humble if it weren't for that bullshit fake spike.  EAT SHIT PITT!
ZEKE! MVP!  Rookie of the year and MVP? 
If you're going to PI then at lest make sure he doesn't catch the damn ball!
[Heh, never claimed to be smarter than anyone.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2016/03/18/trumps-grammar-in-speeches-just-below-6th-grade-level-study-finds/)

We can be the leader to fight climate change...but not if our leader doesn't believe the hundreds of scientists that tell him it's happening.  Guess it doesn't matter if we are all dead one day.  

I think the Trump pill would be easier for everyone to swallow if his supporters (like this post) weren't such arrogant, gloating assholes.

I honestly hope he does great things, mainly for our countries sake. 


I really like this theory after I heard it on Decoding Westworld podcast [\(which I highly recommend!\)](http://www.slashfilm.com/decoding-westworld-s1e06-the-adversary/) 
The whole point was Trump doesn't believe it's happening.  I'll admit the rape allegations were a bit shady, but you swerved around the question about his beliefs on climate change and have given no answer on his policies and procedures.  You basically voted for Trump because you either hate Hilary, blindly vote republican or were sold on the promises of a better country without any actual idea of how that will happen.

I know you're trolling but when my point is true it doesn't matter how you spin it. 

We can also talk about how he doesn't recognize climate change, or how he has no actual policies and plans or how he raped a 13 year old girl...don't hate on people that don't support that kind of shit.


I can link to articles too!
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/donald-trump-racist-examples_us_56d47177e4b03260bf777e83

http://fortune.com/2016/11/10/macys-ceo-says-dumping-donald-trumps-line-was-still-the-right-move/

http://www.pbs.org/newshour/rundown/trump-overwhelmingly-leads-rivals-in-support-from-less-educated-americans/

Waco does have a large population of uneducated citizens and combine that with all the racist assholes and its not surprising.
Thanks, I'll give it a shot.
I love my Note 5 but my battery life is so bad I would trade it for a better battery life Android phone.
I do the opposite.  I wish them a happy birthday...even if I haven't spoken to them in years.  Hopefully it brightens their day to know that I haven't forgotten about them, even if they have forgotten me.
Zeke's gonna break a big one...
I was at that game, I remember Tony threw like 3 INTs the first half and the whole stadium booed every time that his or Jerry's pic was on the screen.  

Then Romo brought them back to almost win...it was an epic game to watch even with the loss.
I'm getting one but keeping an echo in the bedroom.  I prefer Google for questions that Alexa can't answer (what's traffic like to work or what time does x restaurant open)

I also am heavily in the Google ecosystem with Google music, calendar, keep, etc...
Note 5 for me.  I think the Pixel would be great, but it feels like it's unfinished at a Premium price.

I think all the people buying Pixels this year aren't paying for premium specs, they are paying for Google's marketing campaign...kind of like kickstarting Google's Pixel line.  Next Pixel will probably bring it though.
I think only 100 messages are free right?

Edit - only 100 per month and no mirrored app notifications
Same here.

I tried hangouts and whatsapp, and I loved being able to use the web but they just felt too janky to me. 

I'm using the [Join App for messaging](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.joaomgcd.join&hl=en) online since Pushbullet is no longer free.
I've owned Nexus, LG, Motorola and Samsung Devices.  Samsung have been bloated messes, but they have consistently been fast and full featured, especially the camera app. 

I have a Note 5 and almost went 7 but as with Samsung devices in the past, I normally wait to see what software bugs get ironed out before I buy.

I really would love to try the Pixel, but my next phone I really want to be waterproof...just a personal preference.  I will wait to see what the S8 will look, although I'm happy with my Note 5.  It may be worth waiting for the Pixel 2 or the Note 8 at this point, but I still think Samsung makes the best overall experience.
xpost this to r/Texas and r/Lonestar for maximum karma.
I feel like I can finally go browse r/NFL again this season.  
Jerry Jones paid a lot of money to bring his Madden Create a Players Dak and Zeke to life...I think he also turned down the AI settings a bit.  
These feelings I haven't felt in a long time.  I'm wearing Cowboys gear all week long...fuck dress code!

HOW BOUT THEM COWBOYS!
He's still hungry!
Dak and Zeke are like my Madden "create-a-players" come to life.  Rookie RB leads the league in rushing and QB is playing like a veteran.  
Cowboys rolling...what happens when Dez comes back?  I'm loving this season so far!
how is the camera on this phone?
Great song in time.for Halloween!
I hope so...at least if he continues to play at this level.  I think Romo is done.
Being a Texas Rangers and Longhorns fan, I needed this.  Zeke & Dak show is still rolling strong.
What about Dak?  Should be interesting if both of them are in the mix.
How many viagra single packs did Mo take before the game?
I absolutely love my Note, but I'd like a smaller phone with a better battery.  I'm thinking a regular Pixel, but I'm not sure about the battery life and I'd like to have water proofing. Possibly the successor to the Galaxy S7 if it looks good (and doesn't catch on fire)
Typical Rangers...get your hopes up during the regular season to completely shit the bed in the playoffs.
It feels weird not to be shitfaced and screaming at the TV by this point in the game.  Now I'm just buzzed and absolutely loving our team.  It's a weird feeling man...
Tanya Harding available to take Romo out for the rest of the season? i'm not sure I want to see the Cowboys without Dak this season.
Well, it seems many people thought of them as affordable, that's why there's an uproar over this new pricing.
Sucks that you had a bad experience with yours, mine has been a pretty damn good device overall.

My main complaint is battery life, which can especially hurt if you're coming from iOS...otherwise had none of the issues you've experienced so far.
Maybe cheap is the wrong word, but I have always thought of the Nexus as affordable compared to other flagships.
Examples?  With a decent camera?
Most people aren't comparing these to last year's hardware, they are comparing it to other flagships from this year around the same price.  Depending on your preference for a stock experience and timely updates, the Pixel doesn't offer more than a Note 7, S7, S7 Edge or V20...in fact those phones have more features like waterproofing, expandable memory and wireless charging.

This price point definitely takes them out of the Nexus category and into the Galaxy/iPhone competitor category.  People who prefer stock android and don't need better build quality are going to miss having Nexus as an option.  So my question to Google is, who is your target market?  The iPhone and Galaxy premium devices clearly have more features, and most of your Nexus loyalists care about having a lower priced option.  

TLDR, These phones may be worth it, but I think their are better options for the price point.


I like the SE and thought about buying one, but it's been out for a while so I may jump ship with the next version if Android doesn't offer a better premium small device at an affordable price.
I would switch in a heartbeat for a smaller premium spec iPhone mainly for the battery life and camera, but I will stay android because:

* Ability to switch default apps for web browser, camera, etc...
* File System access
* not having to use iTunes
* integration in the Google ecosystem, especially when Google Home is available.

Yes it matters.  They have their own update server that I assume verifies you're an at&t customer and on their network.
I hope it makes a difference but I'm seeing bad habits on top of questionable play calling.  He needs to address some fundamentals in practice, like tackling.  It may be too little too late.
I'm doubtful, especially since i have an at&t branded version. :/
Here's the XDA thread.  I assume you're aware how Odin works, if so it's pretty simple to do.  Took about 15 minutes for me.
http://forum.xda-developers.com/att-galaxy-note5/help/pe5-to-pe6-t3422692
Thanks!  I found it on another thread...then found the instructions on XDA.  Worked perfect and now I have all the updates!
Anyone sideload the MM update and not get updates now?
This win feels so good...although it's the Redskins so it's not saying much.

Fuck it, It's a win...feels good.
Dan Bailey, offensive MVP for this generation. Hail to the king baby!
Why the hell are we so awful in the red zone?  This has plagued us for years.
[When are Note 5 users getting Nougat?](https://media.giphy.com/media/dC9DTdqPmRnlS/giphy.gif) O[h and you have the at&t variant?](https://media.giphy.com/media/I4Jmrcjnr8Zfq/giphy.gif)
[I too have the at&t Note 5.](http://memesvault.com/wp-content/uploads/Laughing-Then-Crying-Gif-Tumblr-03.gif)
Dallas once again loses a close game....I see a pattern here and it's not the players.  This shit has been happening for years and the only thing that hasn't changed is the front office and the coaches.  Get your heads out of your asses Cowboys and fix this shit.
TWill's play is the perfect example of why you not only need athleticism but brains to play football.  

Seriously though, looking back at this game we are going to blame the shitty defense on the loss.  
I thought Baylor kids were supposed to be smart.  TWill done learned nothing.
It's a MakerBot Replicator, not sure the version.
Nope, came out that way.  Bought some silver and red paint plan on doing that tonight.
Fyi, I'm just learning to use the printer.  I didn't design this, credit goes to [Daniel_W on thingverse.](http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:1347129)
Holy shit what a game...my heart... HOOK'EM!
Just wrapped my second week of my first year in the classroom.  I used to go to bed about midnight, now I can't stay awake past 9pm.  Even then, I have nightmares about my discipline problems.

I also have lost about 12lbs in these two weeks. I walk about 14k steps a day which is more than double what I did as a tech in my prior job.

Being a teacher is definitely an experience no one can understand until they are one.
I'm a big fan of Nokia.  I really dug series 60 phones when they first came out, in fact I advocated for Nokia and Symbian so much they made me a brand ambassador and I got to review phones early. I still have an n95 in my closet.

Hopefully Nokia will make a big comeback!
How easy it is to knock someone out with a punch to the head... Then then getting up like that aren't concussed.  
Yeah I bought a Samsung Note 5.
Nope, grave up.
This.  If they come with a non-edge variant with a badass battery I may consider switching.
My solution was to switch to the Note 5.  I miss the stock software, but the issues like this one just became too much.
Yeah, I figured they all left after the oil biz went south again.
ESL is really valuable here, as we have a lot of migrant families (mostly speaking Spanish).  I was required to have my ESL certification before I could teach.  It depends on the district you work in though.

ELAR jobs aren't difficult to come by, but they are highly scrutinized because it is a tested subject.  
I'd recommend an [Education Service Center for your alt certification.](http://www.esc12.net/cms/one.aspx?portalId=2954383&pageId=14769548)  They have some wonderful coaches that can help you through the process and give you some tips/strategies for teaching in Texas.  They also allow you to earn a masters degree while in the program.  I've been through their program and really had a good experience. 
&nbsp;

Central Texas isn't a bad place to look at.  Waco, Temple, Belton area has some good opportunities to teach and the cost of living isn't outrageous like the Austin area.  It's about an hour drive to either Austin or DFW so you're never too far from a good concert or fun activity.   PM me if you have more questions about the ESC prep program or teaching in Central Texas.
&nbsp;

I'm from the West Texas area, and I'd only recommend it if you're up for some challenging students and you're not really interested in too much to do.  Midessa is far from anything exciting, and while there are a few things to do, entertainment is pretty sparse.  DFW, Austin, San Antonio, and most interesting places are over 5 hours of driving away.


  
  






Came into to town to visit family.  Checked out the parade I Odessa...most of it was plain cars.  I mean put a flag on or something.  Fireworks weren't bad though at night.

So what's  going on with downtown O?  Also, when did the drivers here become awful?
I used to feel this way too buy then I discovered other areas of the world and going back makes me sad.
Depends on how the oil biz is doing.  In boom times the population goes up quite a bit.
I've tried most of the Nexus line up and I agree that the 5x and 6p have better cameras, I think the Note 5 is a close second.  I think you're being nit-picky honestly and IMO the only real issues that someone might have with this phone would be battery life or Touchwiz.  

The camera on the Nexus 6 wasn't great, even for flagships of it's time and the Note 3 really can't compare.  Maybe you're missing the removable battery or extended storage?    

Maybe the Note 7 will be more to your liking, I'm hoping for an increase in battery life along with the expandable storage.
In other words, *are you a woman?*
I'm honestly not seeing any of those issues.  My battery life is increased, and my connections don't seem different. 

Have you tried a wipe/reset after you updated? That may help.
You forgot the Fight Club Bravos Theory.
Hold down the "gear" icon for a couple of seconds... at the top right by where your photo should be.  If done correctly, you'll see a little wrench up there and get a message that says "System UI Tuner".  If you go into settings it will be right above "About Phone".  Click on it, click status bar and make sure flashlight is on.

If it is on, you should be able to drag down your shade and should see an edit link on the bottom right.  Click that to move around icons.
[Buster had his own version.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGDdn2qNDOA)
I use a combo of [Glim Lite](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.icons.glim.lite&hl=en) and [Min](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ryanmkelly.me.min&hl=en)..although I do like Retrorika.
Need a Leonardo Michonne
I was looking forward to the Note7 but I definitely prefer the flat screen.  Hopefully they will have 2 versions if not I'll wait to see what the new Nexus phones look like.
Doesn't work...several people have tweeted @att, @attcares and nothing.  I've even seen Verizon and TMo get involved but att doesn't give a shit.
This is the reason I'd go Nexus.  Also stock is so smooth.   If Samsung guaranteed updates for  2 years  I might get another Note 5.
The 5x is great, I really think it holds it's own against the note.
Remember this next time you buy a phone...even if it's a flagship or guarantees updates (see Motorola).  Time to board the Nexus train...*CHOO CHOO*
Does anyone really love manure Biff?  
I agree it's smoother, but if he/she isn't confident in the process than I say it's better to wait than side load.
I was super hyped for it, but honestly it's not too much different.  Wait for the OTA if you're not confident.
Basically they've become the new /r/circlejerk 
Not if you have an at&t device.
You can still get it with Nova launcher
What build are you on? (about phone>build)
It worked, but it's a process. I'm not sure I can write something up as it took lots of trial and error, but I'll do a summary:

* Download the latest version of Odin (you'll have to search xda)
* [Download the correct ROM to flash](http://downloadmirror.co/android/L6/N920AATT2AOJ1_Recovery.rar)
* install odin on your pc. Make sure you have the latest drivers installed from samsung
* turn off your phone. Hold volume down, power and home button to boot into flash mode. Volume up to continue. plug in via USB to computer.
* Run Odin, (if you're unfamiliar tread lightly and read up, this could brick your phone) add the files from the ROM in their corresponding spots (AP, BL, CP, CSC) then click start.  
* wait about 5-10 minutes for odin to finish.

Then you will need to update to marshmallow.  Follow the steps exactly in the XDA post and it will work.   What threw me off was I wasn't on the latest build.  I had to run the build update first (see post reply 2 on the xda thread) and then when that was done I could run the MM update.

It took about 3 hours of my time last night. :/

not flashing a ROM, just running an update that can be sideloaded.
Looks like someone got it to work by re-flashing stock att rom using Odin.  I will try this again when I get home using the link to the ROM he provided.  
I understand, but you should give Nova a shot. You can customize a lot of the UI (if you prefer). This is the one thing I highly recommend to anyone getting an android device.
What's your security patch level?  (under about device)

I believe the latest for at&t is 2016-02-01
You can do this with Nova Launcher as well.
Settings > About Device (under system menu) > Software Update
I started a thread over on xda about this issue, maybe someone will find a fix.  There only seems to be a few of us with the issue. :/
I guess there's no coming back from that other than waiting for the OTA?
I think I screwed something up...it ran once and fell back to Lollipop.  Ran again and then got an error on the phone :


***dm-verity verification failed update from adb is disabled***
[and another...](http://i.imgur.com/uVeN6Ml.png)
No one was bitching when we bought them?  I mean we can't predict the future.

I do think that many of us are not going to buy branded or even use at&t service after this fiasco.
All these at&t reps know nothing.  At this point the update isn't even the issue, it's the lack of communication of when or what's the hold up.  If at&t said "There are some major bugs." I would be upset, but less so.   

Also, I will always second guess buying any future "flagship" at&t branded handsets because I won't know if the updates will ever come.
Note 5 users still waiting... :/
Funny, I had the exact same experience!  Not sure I want to pay the expense of switching over...but I'm considering it.
It's not that far-fetched of an idea, especially if another carrier gives you the same coverage and pricing, but is far better with Android updates.
I hear you.  I get pretty good coverage with them, but moving to Fi would save me a ton of money.
China spring and Midway are great places to work.  Have her check tasanet, school spring and the Region 12 job board.
What do you mean? Do you have details?
Not only that, but everything seems to be hugely overpriced...and people are willing to pay.  
Honestly they are the worst.  It's not even the lack of Marshmallow....it's more the lack of communication.   It's funny because their CS twitter handle is attcares but they could care less about our concern over Marshmallow.
This phone has a bad stigma attached to it because of all the laggy software glitches it had early on.  Google has fixed quite a bit of them (not everyone thinks so) but it's like first impressions, they tend to stick with you.  I think if this phone had run as smoothly as it does now, and may have been priced a little better it wouldn't get as much "h8" as people give it.

It's a decent phone at a $299 price point, but the phone does have it's issues.  For me it can slow down at times if I have a memory hogging app open like Waze and I try to do anything else like listen to music.  Otherwise, the phone runs really smooth and is totally something I'd recommend.
It means free roaming as in not caged!  Free range WiFi.
Some apps really kill performance.  I was using Waze on a trip recently, and listening to podcasts with pocket casts and it froze my phone multiple times.  The 5x is normally a great multi-tasker, but there are a few apps that just kill performance.
at&t exclusive means never getting updates ever.
I second this...I have a Note 5 that I'm transitioning from and sidesync was one of the things I loved about it. I'll have to research ON-Screen, but haven't heard much about it.

Edit - Here's a link containing OSP (ignore the phone model, scroll down to OSP)
http://www.lg.com/uk/support/support-mobile/lg-D802
I was feeling more Das Sound Machine.
[This never gets old.](https://media.giphy.com/media/oOX5qIDkzDjeo/giphy.gif) 
Good point, I forget Fi isn't available everywhere.
It's already discounted...with Fi.  It may see a permanent price drop if it has been selling well.
The bird is safe, maybe just a little upset.  My dog is outside 90% of the time so I don't think there was eggs in the nest.
Witcher?  He only has one sword!
If that's the case my dog probably had it's way with it.
Yep, that's it.  Looks like it was trying to dig up something to eat by running on the ground.  Makes sense now.
Central Texas area.
Just checked mine (10:30AM CST) no update.  Now to wait 24 hours...BAH!
Same here.  I'm going to hope Google keeps making quality Nexus devices.
I have an Otterbox commuter that's a little bulky but it protects the hell out of it.  I switched it up for a Spigen Rugged Armor case because it's slim.  I also have a glass screen protector (can't remember the brand)
This.  The 5x will continue to get updates and the MotoX will probably only get one more if lucky.
I'm right there with you.  It's not even about the Note 5 any more, it's about the BS they go through to get an android update.  I'm not fond of iOS so my only option is a Nexus device.  I'm thinking of making the switch to Google Fi anyway unless Google changes the way updates work and bypass the carriers all together.
Eff my lack of decision making.

I've been using both at&t Note 5 (since 11/2015) and a new Google Fi Nexus 5x. I'll only be able to keep one in about a month and I'm having trouble deciding between the two.

Note 5 Pros:

* Great Camera
* S-Pen
* 4GB of RAM hardly ever lags
* at&t service can get about 5 GB of data to share with my wife
* Charges faster than my 5X

&nbsp;

Nexus 5x Pros:

* Stock Android is great with timely updates
* Camera is great (but a little slow)
* Size is easier in my hand and pocket 
* Google Fi could be much cheaper if I don't use much data

I cannot decide which phone/service to go with....
 
Nova Pro

Google + Fleksy

Reddit Sync
This is an interesting take. What if MM is a buggy mess?  Even more at&t hate...
Nice!  I took some slow mo video with my note 5 of some lightning last night but it didn't catch it quite as good.
There have been other chats with some info on release but they have all been wrong.
Nice!  I've looked at it, hows the experience?
I think my Note 5 just downgraded to Kit Kat in preparation for the Note 6.
NEXUS 6P.  

If you have to go with an at&t branded phone I would go with an S7.  Better battery life and probably going to get Marshmallow sooner than the Note 5.
THIS!  I'm still waiting on Marshmallow for my at&t Note 5.  THIS IS A FLAGSHIP PHONE DAMMIT!
I'm not certain but at&t is mum on the subject.  The point of it would be to call them out, because there's no need for them to make us wait for an update when the manufacturer has pushed it out months prior.

Edit - When I say call them out, I mean on a bigger scale than a few tweets or here on reddit.
I wish my writing was better, I would pen something on medium and try to get traction there.

Not just on the Note 5 but how at&t should drop all the shit they add to Android and allow the market to decide if they want their apps.  If they just let the updates come from the manufacturers we would of seen Marshmallow much sooner.

I think at&t depends on those people who don't know any better or who don't care and just opt in to some of those stupid apps.  They are forcing their ecosystem instead of letting the market choose.

If they let people decide, I guarantee very few would install their stupid apps.
Thanks!  the commenting was a huge mess for me but I wasn't sure what was causing it.
Thank you.  A friend of mine is going to print it and give it her friend who is very ill.  Hopefully you have contributed to her getting well!
Didn't work for me.

Edit- missed the part about changing the seller.  It worked!
I'm already in the process of switching to Google Fi.  When I cancel I'll let them know their lack of communication is the reason.  I would care a little less about the slow updates if they would just tell us what's going on.

At this point we aren't even sure if we will get the update at all.
I don't doubt you, just heard battery on the edge is amazing.
I get a little over 4 hours SOT but I don't use mine much during the day.  What gets me is that it will drop battery just sitting there on the desk while my Nexus 5x pretty much stays the same. 

I want doze...but I'm just assuming at&t isn't going to give us MM.
I think you'll be more than pleased.  I'm using the 5x as my daily driver as opposed to my Note 5 and hadn't missed anything but the quick camera launcher on the Note 5. (which is almost instant)
I think the people that complain about lag are doing so without context.  I think many people that complain about lag are probably used to a flagship device like a Galaxy S7 or an iPhone. 

Compared to flagship devices, this is slightly slower to open apps and respond but overall it's a great phone.  

I'm currently swapping back and forth between a Note 5 and I do notice the 5x is slower in some areas, but I wouldn't call it laggy at all.

The Note 5 got better battery than the S7 edge??  You lost me there.
I like the smaller form factor of the S7, plus waterproofing and battery life is improved over the Note 5.  I really like the S-Pen and the features that come with the Note 5 though.

The 6P is also a great device if you want the latest updates.  It's really going to come down to preference:

* S7 - Battery Life, smaller form factor, waterproofing
* Note5 - S-Pen, Great video camera, big screen
* 6P - Stock android, fingerprint reader is great

All have exceptionally good cameras, although I think the Samsung camera app is better than the Google camera app.  Also if you're buying a carrier based Samsung go in with the notion that you may never get updated to the next version of android.    
[at&t users...](http://i.imgur.com/OlHYXfj.png)
Same here... I'll probably see what the next Nexus phones will bring
I think all the at&t Note 5 users are disgusted with them right now.
TIME!

* Time for playing video games.  I used to have Morrowind sessions that would last 8-10 hours easy with food and poop/peepee breaks.  
* Time for working out.  Used to find time during the day every day to lift.  Now I rarely have time to breathe.
* Time to go on vacations, concerts, etc...

I still have time for these things, just not nearly as much as I used to.  I still enjoy my free time, it's just dedicated to family stuff now.

the shittiest of shitposts.
[Yay](http://i.imgur.com/vIf0lAD.gif)
[haha](http://i.imgur.com/2OCsjTZ.gif)
Ha.  I've fired some shots at them and T-Mobile over twitter...at least T-Mobile had the balls to respond to me.


I guess you haven't used the 6p or even the 5x.   The cameras are comparable if not better at times.

I'm testing out a 5x (due to this update fiasco) and I've done quite a few comparison shots.  The 5x usually takes just as good if not better photos than the note 5.   The only place the note 5 has it beat is in OIS, but I didn't notice a difference in still shots, only video.
I'm pretty sure at this point they are just doing it to troll us.  Everyone complaining to them just made them hold on to this update longer. :/
you can do a search here, there's a few threads on this...one by me.  I actually had luck by banging it on my leg a few times really hard until it popped out.  Worked fine every since.
I've owned iPhones up to 2 years ago when I got a Moto X.   I'm pretty sure it got a timely update too.

I guess I expected more from a top tier model.  I already got a Nexus 5x to test Google Fi so Ill probably be off of the at&t/Samsung wagon soon.
as a former Motorola Startac, RAZR, Moto X and current 360 owner this makes me sad.

*shakes fist at Lenovo and Google*
Doesn't Greenify sort of do this?
Totally agree, I just throwing another straw out there for us to grasp onto.
You underestimate the power of the carriers.  Hopefully Fi and other carriers will change this like T-Mobile has done over the years with phones and contracts. 

If Google disallowed gapps, another provider (see Amazon, Microsoft) would swoop in to provide services.  I agree with your statement about consumers but I don't think they understand the Play Store like they do iTunes/The App Store. I work in tech support and I see a lot of people with Kindle Fires who are happy with getting apps from the Amazon App Store.  
&nbsp;

This is why Apple sells more devices through carriers than outright.  Apple has enough clout to tell the carriers to stuff it, but they know consumers are conditioned to buy from them.   This may change with the next generation, but unfortunately the U.S. is a carrier-centric market.
Of course we are frustrated....[the Note 6 is on the Horizon](http://www.sammobile.com/2016/04/15/purported-galaxy-note-6-model-number-list-leaks-european-model-included/) with the promise of Android N and we are still waiting for Marshmallow.

This makes you lose trust in buying carrier branded phones, especially the high end ones.  Unless Google changes the way android is updated, I'll probably go Nexus from here on out.
Yeah, Nexus 5x.  I'm just wondering if people would rather have a device with lower specs but timely updates...or a higher end device that didn't get updates as often.
Carriers need to make sure the phones meet their standards (whatever that may mean) when you purchase from them.  They are endorsing these phones so they want to make sure they work well on their network.  This also means adding a bunch of crappy bloatware that can't be removed.  If they run into an issue they feel isn't worthy of their standards...then it's back to the drawing board.  
&nbsp; 

So now they have all the phones they have sold in the past year to test updates on as well as current phones, and don't forget they are testing future phones that will be released.  
&nbsp; 

Of course all this takes place after the Manufacturer (Samsung, LG, Moto) has went through a similar process with their version of the software.    
&nbsp; 

So now you can see, this can be a very long process.  Apple avoids this because they are the only ones making the phones and they have strong armed carriers to avoid making custom software for them.  
&nbsp; 

Google can't strong arm carriers because 

* Android is open source, anyone can technically make an android phone and put their own spin on it (see OnePlus, Cyanogen,etc...)
* Manufacturers don't have the weight to strong arm carriers, so carriers can tell Google "No we will not sell Nexus devices" and sell Samsung, LG etc... with their spin of the software.  Carriers control the market so much that even if Samsung did try to strong arm them, carriers can just sell LG, Sony, Nokia, etc.. because that means more market share for them.

&nbsp; 

Only one to blame is the culture of mobile phone market in the U.S.  If people just stopped buying from carriers and only bought Nexus devices carriers would change their tune.
[I read recently on Slashgear recently](http://www.slashgear.com/galaxy-android-marshmallow-updates-coming-this-month-08435538/) that an update is coming later this month.  Who knows if their sources are accurate or if things change, but it's the only thing I've heard recently.
not my experience with the at&t variant (so I'm still on Lollipop). 
Look like someone else posted and it's on the top of the front page.  Good ol Reddit.
Nova Launcher does this...and it works across devices.  
Workaround - use Nova launcher and assign a gesture to do the home function( like a double tap)
At this point it will save your blood pressure to be content with Lollipop and assume MM will never come.  That way, when it happens you will be pleasantly surprised.  Otherwise it's time to go Nexus.
I get about 5 hours SOT, which is good in my opinion.  I tried out a Nexus 5x and loved it, but the battery life is terrible.  Also, the Note 5 charges much faster than most phones  out there.
Fred Willard, Monster House.
I think this is a stock feature and not part of Touchwiz.
24 hour club checking in. :/
I want Doze + Bette battery life.
The fingerprint sensor in the back is awesome.  I think we will see more phones do this in the future.
everyone has been complaining...unfortunately this has been the default experience with at&t and most android devices.  I doubt the Note 5 will see Android N at all.   I love my Note 5, but  this may push me to get a Nexus with Project Fi.
[Ha.](http://i.imgur.com/eJOB0.gif)
I wouldn't be so upset with at&t if they would just tell us something.  Communicate what the hold up is and give us some hope!
I was just about to submit this glad I searched.  I really dig them...The one where they are scrunched up in bed is perfect.  
 ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I do this as well.  It's usually random songs I hear through Spotify radio.   [This is what's stuck in my head now.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nQsPex0OwMM)

I also tend to do this with food.  I'm currently on an avocado kick.
I remember this video...actually thought it was pretty neat and even downloaded the song.

Can I watch a full movie in first person view?  Probably not.
This could be a very long answer so I'll try to condense, 

* I like the size of the 5x better
* Marshmallow definitely makes a difference with smoothness and battery life
* the 5x camera is really good, but Samsung's camera and app are light years ahead.
* I find myself missing the S-Pen and the functions 
* The Note 5 charges much faster even when "slow" charging which makes up for the better battery life.

I'm still torn between the two, but I'm leaning towards the 5x with Fi service.  The Note 5 has a ton of awesome functionality but most of it I rarely use.  Also, having the current software updates will be nice, and knowing at&t the Note 5 will probably never see N.  My biggest gripe is not having nearly as many USB-C cables as I have micro-usb.




I've already bought a 5x to test out Fi and am thinking about switching over permanently.


I've used most and I always come back to Sync.  The official app is nice, but isn't quite there yet.
[It should be any day now!](http://i.imgur.com/CbRgA.gif)
I can't really spend more than about $300.  The Note 5 wouldn't be a possibility if it wasn't discounted by my employer.  This is why I need the internet to help me decide! haha

**edit** I will say, I may be able to afford another Nexus device next year if they release an inexpensive model.
I don't think you can unlock the bootloader on the at&t variant.

I really feel the software is more important, but since the hardware is behind I'm worried this may start to suffer...especially if I'm waiting a couple of years to buy a new one.

Resume where you left off on different devices.
yes, you can use themes.   I'm using the simple black theme with Nova Launcher.
*neverforget*
we are all plane dads. 
I abstain.
I bought a Nexus 5X and although I miss the S-Pen and some of the more advanced features, I'm enjoying it more.  I may sell my Note 5 and never go back. *damn at&t*
First thing I thought...mmm I want to eat that.
It's easier to see viewing the thumbnail.  More of a [/r/misleadingthumbnails](https://www.reddit.com/r/misleadingthumbnails/) post.
I've had the same issue as well.  I have an otterbox case on mine so I just banged the bottom on a table until it popped out.  
[you know why.](https://media.giphy.com/media/h2OLfcSKKthRK/giphy.gif) *^boo^ooo^bies*
The protector they send is a cheap, crappy one.  You may be okay with it, but I wanted something a bit nicer looking and more protective.
I'm using the [Ringke Case](http://www.amazon.com/Ringke-Protector-Protection-Absorption-Technology/dp/B014RS5HBW?ie=UTF8&psc=1&redirect=true&ref_=od_aui_detailpages00) Slim fit, rubbery, protects well.  I've dropped it a few times and hadn't had any issues.  I just ordered a glass screen protector.
sweet jaysus.
When you let that happen it stops being useful, IMO.  Might as well turn them off.
I've been a Note 5 Owner since last November, and I watched  this video last week...I learned a ton of new things about the Note 5.  It's a long video (almost 30 minutes) but I watched it in chunks and found out a ton of stuff I can do with my Note that I didn't know before. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYRIX9YP3Lk
A extremidade de natureza Buraco.
Noteclub.com.br?  Brazil only?

Noteclub.com directs to amnesty international.
at&t hasn't even sniffed the update yet.
I had it in my gallery too, I'm pretty sure it's something to do with Pandora. 

EDIT - [yep, Pandora ](http://imgur.com/mMale2c)
I feel like I want to eat liquid glass. Is there some candy that replicates the texture without all the "death" that's associated?
ha, was going to say, OP you missed out on an Xzibit meme.  Random thought, but Xzibit looks like it should be the name of a tech startup.
Definitely...not made with practical use in mind.
Super Nintendo, Sega Genesis, Fallout number 4 you cannot play on this.
* [Nova Launcher](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.teslacoilsw.launcher&hl=en)
* Open Nova Settings
* Select "Look and Feel"
* Turn off "Show Status Bar" 
Nova launcher is awesome.  I was an iPhone user for 3 years and when I made the switch to android Nova Launcher was one of the first things I bought. Helped with the transition to android.
IDK, it may be that their support team knows nothing about this beta test.  I mean can someone do anything with your IMEI information anyway?
I tweeted samsung and they are claiming this is not official and could void your warranty if installed. fyi.
I saw that link and tweeted Samsung.  They messaged me and said it was a phishing scam....so blame them!
You work there?  I work for 12 in the tech dept.  If I wanted to move back home I would apply.
[I'm using Google Messenger and it allows you to set specific message tones for each person](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.messaging&hl=en)
I second this.   The charge lasts about 20-30 minutes (I use it to workout not just in the shower).  [I got the Sound Pop Version for $20](http://www.amazon.com/AudioSource-Sound-pOp-Bluetooth-Speaker/dp/B00CTUOQCW/ref=sr_1_1?s=mp3&ie=UTF8&qid=1453687693&sr=1-1&keywords=soundpop) and it works very well. 
Copy/Paste for at&t as well.
They pulled the link, guess it was a phishing site.
As a child of the 80s, I love this show so much.   It may be my favorite of all time.

Double dare hit me in the nostalgia bone.  Also I love the way it ties into this guys real life...that cameo at the end was pretty neat.

I kind of wish I knew this guy growing up.
/r/sweatypalms
I usually try all the new reddit apps every few months and always come back to sync.  Flow almost pulled me away but the dev stopped working on it.
If happened to me too.  I ended up hitting it on the end of my table and it popped out.
Avoid china spring until they widen the hwy.  Traffic is a beast in the morning.
They should of use these designs for the live action movie.
I see a lot of these useful gifs, picture sets and tips. When the time arises where they would actually be useful I either totally forget they exist or I can't remember where I saw the gif at.
[I use the one from house of cards.](https://webapp.zedge.net/searchResults/ringtone/4/House%20of%20cards)
I'm not a huge fan of Garrett, but I have to agree, although I think he has to shoulder some of the blame.  

I honestly think this season was a perfect shit storm of injuries, bad calls, poor coaching decisions, poor upper management and just plain bad luck.  Everyone is looking for one scapegoat but it was multiple things that killed the season.
I apologize, I honestly don't know myself, I just assumed this to be the case.  We have requests for coaching (teaching help) every year and we staff for that.  We have more math, elar and science coaches...about 6 to 1 when compared to social studies.  
Sorry for that...some do it better than others!  That's just my  experience.
Edit-- here's the info from my ESC: http://www.esc12.net/cms/one.aspx?portalId=2954383&pageId=14769548

Apparently you only need a 2.5 gpa without the hours requirement now.  You can also earn your masters while going through our program(not sure about the region your in)

Also, just read through your post again.  You may want to reconsider history.  Most coaches teach history because its pretty easy to teach.  Coaching sucks unless you love athletics more than a personal life.  You may want to look into a different subject because history jobs will be difficult to find without coaching attached.
This is not true at all.  Got my alt cert and did my internship at a school.  Teachers and admin wanted to hire me before I even finished.  They were super supportive and encouraging.
Depends on what you want to teach.  You must have a 3.0/in the subject you wish to  teach. For example, if you want to teach math, you have to have had a 3.0 in all your math classes. If you didn't,  you can always apply for a generalist position and test out for music/whatever after you get your cert.

You should also check with the ESC and the local workforce commission...they can help you get scholarships to cover the cost.
I work for an ESC and have gone through the alt cert program there as well.  I can help if you have questions too, PM me.
This is Garrett's reaction to every loss.
I'm not sure its the coaches fault but at this point I'd like to see what someone else can do with this talent.  I'm tired of these close games we lose in the 4th.
/r/UNBGBBIIVCHIDCTIICBG
Upvoted because those hips don't lie.
Phasma was underutilized and the only character in that list that I feel fell short.  Hopefully we see something badass from her in the next movie.
I don't really see the part where you fucked up here.
6 hours after this posted and I got one!  Keep refreshing...I had to try about 50 times until I got it.
Shouldn't he be facing the other way?
I'm an instructional technology trainer for lots of school districts, and Chromebooks are super hot right now.

 I'd also add they are super easy to manage from a technology standpoint.  
[For some reason this pic made me think of Tom Goes to the Mayor.](http://i.imgur.com/Zq6TNTc.gif)
Ugly, hot mess of a game but I'll take the win.  Living in Baylor country as a UT fan their constant shit talk has been unbearable the last few seasons.
I've been arguing that point with all the Baylor fans who can't stop adding "but our 4th string QB".
I've gotten the S-Pen stuck in the phone....the correct way!  I had to bang it on my knee super hard to get it to come out.

Otherwise, besides some apps crashing (Pocket, Pandora) it's been a stellar phone.
Is this the full blown otterbox case?  I'm using a commuter with mine and I have no issues with the Samsung puck.
All the Eagles fans visiting our sub to talk shit makes me feel good about our team. I don't care enough about that shithole of a team to ever visit your sub.

In other news thank goodness for all this whiskey I bought. 
This is when I stopped maturing.
Nice!  
Same here, it works well for me with the note 5.
This different than last week's update?  I got an update on Thursday or Friday...and when I check it says software is current.
That's pretty good Mr no talent.
[Tom Coughlin...what was that play calling???](http://www.imcharmingyou.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/You-are-so-dumb-you-are-really-dumb-fo-real.jpeg)
Why didn't NY run more time off the clock?  
[Congrats.](http://media.giphy.com/media/A6svRsgk5zWXm/giphy.gif)
Hahaha awesome!
Dolly Parton as a ninja with burrito swords. 
I hope not, I really am digging the phone and the only other phone I would want is the Nexus 6P...but I can't afford it now.  

I have a Moto X 2014 as a backup.  I'm going to go in person to the service center, it's only about an hour away.  Hopefully they will fix it correctly.   

Weird thing is, I didn't do anything to cause it...it just got stuck.  Doesn't give me much confidence.
Shaia Lebouf doing his [squatty "Just do it" pose](http://www.papermag.com/uploaded_images/shia.jpg)and money is pouring out from his butt.
Samsung is doing a repair for me. 
Plus, Reedus is doing a reality show and filming a movie...
/u/TrollaBot 121jiggawatts
Butthurt much? Must be an Eagles fan. 
This filmed with a Ring video doorbell?
I got mine today too.  Nice job proving me wrong Samsung.
Same here, I'm pretty sure it's never coming.
[What about this side of the fence?](http://i.imgur.com/clpNzUd.png)  
I'll always be a Cowboys fan but it's time to stop thinking they will ever be good enough to get to a Super Bowl. 

No hype this year when Tony and Dez are back... or next year, they are going to have to earn it this time.
Can we make a request to the mods to sticky a thread for people to show off pics taken with the Note5?  
Same here.  I'm waiting for them to tell me it's not coming or maybe they're hoping we would forget if they keep delaying it.
I came here to say this.  Nova works great for me on the Note 5.
I'm having the same problem and I think it may be resolution related.  I have 3 screens, 2 24" screens and one 19". The 19" never shows extensions but if I move them to over if the others it works.   
You would probably have an easier time asking people for $60 to buy a wireless charger.
[What what?](http://i.imgur.com/fZVtiwI.gif)
[Guess he fell for that one Kenny.](http://i.imgur.com/5eFJrzk.gif)
I grew a beard to impress the wife, kept it for a few months and decided to shave, it was exactly like this.  I haven't shaved since then, I'm trapped in the beard paradox.
That lesbian is a lightweight.
This was as close to internet porn as we got in the 80s.
Good catch, not what I am doing though.
So I guess this is a bug.  Need to give Sammy a heads up.
I don't, I've disabled lookout.  

I do use the device for work but I'm an admin for Google apps and haven't seen anything blocking Smart Lock.  It's very strange.  I wonder if it's Knox or something weird on Samsung's end?
Well that sucks, thanks for the heads up. Gonna have a goodbye party in my plug room.
Is plug shutting down or is this fake?   It would be nice if plug gave a heads up or farewell to its loyal users.
Was this posted in a thread or PM?  Can you post a link to the source?
Is this real life?  Feels like the 90s again!
Mine is coming on Monday, I ordered the base model with the Intel pro prcessor.
They too busy getting theirs sucked by Cal.
The Defense forgot they play 2 halves.
Interesting line spacing. and nipples.
Reminds me of [ol' tinyface.](https://i.imgur.com/Jol60ph.jpg)
http://i.imgur.com/Ch4DVSn.gifv
This is nice, any chance you'll be giving away devices to keep?  I used to be an ambassador for Nokia and they sent me devices all the time (when Symbian was hot).   I was disappointed when I had to send them back.
Does this mean...Trump was right?
St. Augustine.
I was doing some cooking and I said,  "Alexa, I need some potato cooking music."
Thanks, I'll try it and report out results in case someone else runs into this.
yeah those last two were supposed to be Guac, I just said fuck it after the second one.
Is that a direct spray or a spread?
That was my thought, what have I done today?  Worked hard to feed my family...I do that 365 days a year!
Serious question from and old school fisherman, what does this do to the edible part of the fish?
/r/OutOfTheLoop 

[More specifically...](https://www.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/3f9pn3/norm_mill_whats_going_on/)

[ha.](http://i.imgur.com/cUk0Ea6.gif)
Holy shit....I was just wondering this the other day!  I almost got into an accident on the road and I thought this exact same theory!
She looks like a Disney Villain here.
already gone...damn.
i have no idea what Hearthstone is, but i would figure out and play an Elder Scrolls version.

I'd like to see some other games with an Elder Scrolls spin...I would play the hell out of a Civilization based ES game! 
[Here's my amateur attempt.](http://i.imgur.com/v8NVjbv.png)
Yep, just checked...[2014 VERSION is a go for at&t!](http://i.imgur.com/d0l2c.gif) 
**FYi - if you have to wipe your device and reset, your code won't work.**  This happened to me...so if anyone wants to provide me an extra code that would be great. :(
[Pretty sure you could swap out the picture here and it would still work...](https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/2306092973/g16iinme3zy1u1gtsgpt.jpeg)
Looks like fun, then I watched the video and [I agreed with this comment.](http://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/3a7eii/pushed_a_lot_of_buttons_to_make_this_video_of_a/csa1eod)

[Yeah...i'll stick to the Waco Water park.
](http://i.imgur.com/6PRbo4W.png)
[I'm a looking and I'm a liking.](http://i.imgur.com/2OWBlb0.jpg)
[Wait...what?](http://i.imgur.com/RhuGWZp.png)
I'm not positive about the one you're talking about but I believe its off of i-35 around the HEB in bellmead.
dafuq you think you're gonna be doing at that age?
"Tolerates" might be a better word.
"Sweep the leg!"
what app is that?  
It took me a second...I was thinking "why is he throwing rocks at this guy's computer?"
I actually like Waco Tennis and Fitness on Lake Shore.  Its about $30 a month and you can do a cheaper plan for the summer.  They don't have a ton of equipment but they have enough to get you in good shape.

The plus here is not a whole lot of people go for the gym part, more for the tennis so you usually have the run of equipment.

Gym X isn't bad if you want cheap, $9.99 a month for quite a bit of equipment.
nice, I'll check it out.
I think it would awesome if they did a future Adventure Time series or comic.
[Oh Greg...](http://img.pandawhale.com/147741-weird-al-seems-a-little-crazy-1ucJ.gif)
First part could be a "Deal with it" gif.
thug life.
Didn't work in my country...
(U.S.) this one works: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-YGDU1VzHA
He must of missed that episode of cosmos.
No.
You're not entirely wrong (except for the full of shit part).  You do need to have Google Device Policy installed, which most companies that use Google Apps require this so we can wipe your device in case it's lost or stolen.  I really don't give a crap what's installed on your device, I'm just letting people know I have the ability to see it.
I'm not arguing that, just thought I'd let them know.
Well, even if you're using a personal device with work email/calendar etc...if your boss doesn't care than don't worry.

I think with the latest android update it may let you separate personal and work...but I haven't got to play with it yet.

Source - I am a Google apps admin for my company, I can see every app you install on your device
True, but if you're company uses Google Apps and they require device policy they can see all the apps you have installed.
[Damn...](https://i.imgur.com/uLSzvCE.png)
This looks awesome, but it's not compatible with any of my devices! Guess I need a new android table.
Boobs are touching.
Good stuff, giving me a Siouxsie and the Banshees vibe.
[A George's big O glass and a GUT PAK.](http://i.imgur.com/pOxJdya.gif)
If she knew he was married then she's just as much of a jerkface as he is.
Delicious honey wheat...
[You asked for it.](http://i.imgur.com/nNeQqQD.gif)
[looks like you can buy it here]( http://www.camcotoys.com/Ecto-1A-Ghostbusters-2--2015-Hot-Wheels-Retro-Entertainment_p_388.html)
If they resurrect Hicks Newt and Ripley...can I request they resurrect [Vasquez too?](https://33.media.tumblr.com/91e9d1dc4992921a43227dc612c075c7/tumblr_n3xhzjFjia1s2wio8o1_500.gif)
Cool film but the gif totally spoils the ending!
The first pic is edited and filtered a bit with Instagram, I also included the original in the album.
These type of terribly written articles are the reason I say *fuck gizmodo*
* Better battery life is number one on my list.
* Better camera software.  
* wireless charging.
* more onboard storage or expandable memory.

If you kept everything else the same this would be an awesome phone.
Liberal checking in...own several guns.
Thanks, saved me from killing room chats with huge gifs.
Mostly plant based food, although I incorporate chicken + fish + eggs every now and then.

Here's an example of a day for me:

- breakfast - Spinach, Strawberry, Banana, Hemp Protein Smoothie
- Snack- Carrots, usually a couple hours after breakfast
- Lunch - A couple of cups of cut up romaine or spinach or combo with some tuna or eggs or black beans or grilled chicken
- Snack - apples or banans
-Dinner - Same thing as lunch. 
This is probably the nerdiest comment of all time...but I always think about my favorite character I created in Skyrim and what he is doing after retirement.  Maybe he lives on a farm with his two kids and wife...just farming and blacksmithing....then one day he's called into action again.

Basically I run through the story in my head and somewhere in the middle of it I'm out.
ahhh Missy Elliot is on...I WANT OFF THIS TRAIN!

Papadeux's?  Hell yes.
If Flow's Dev would come back or give the source code to someone out would be the best.  
I use a fit it band and 360....fit it is definitely more accurate on steps IMO.
I love Flow, but the Dev isn't working on it much any more.   Reddit Sync was the closest thing to it I could find.  


* Linkme: Reddit Sync
* Linkme: Flow for Reddit
I wonder if this can be used for renewal?
I like the band name.
I'm not sure if they around any more, but there was a Galloway group that I ran with that has a beginner group similar to couchto5k.

Edit - here's a link: http://www.jeffgalloway.com/training-groups/list-of-cities/
I couldn't get away from this app for a while but when the Dev stopped updating I forced myself to reddit sync pro.  Works similarly, although there are still things I miss from flow.
This is worth every penny.  
Linkme: Pocket Casts
I like Pluggedin, it works well.
Good catch, didn't even think about that.  Ha!
U.S. government did it, will use it as precedent to create laws that erode our privacy in favor of security.


 *puts on tinfoil hat*
Darn, was hoping it was the next version of the Pebble.  Traded my kickstarter version in for a Moto 360 and I'm missing it.  I'll probably switch back when the next version comes along.
Am I looking at the next version of the pebble or Steel with a cool watchband? :o
How original of you.
Well now I'll root for the Broncos, like to see ware with a ring.
Good game from a Cowboys fan.  Hate the Seahawks so go tear them a new one.
No tears here, our team players their asses off.
I was thinking the same thing, they haven't really been able to stop our run game.
HELL YES!  Let's keep it going!
Now that we are settled in, let's get to work.  
well, this is a shitty start.
Better camera, don't care about megapixels... Better sensor.

Bigger battery, or better battery life.

More storage on the base model, either internal or SD.




Funny, I've visited quite a few non-denominational churches and still haven't found one I like.

I've gone from Catholic - Methodist - not sure now.  This article is pretty spot on for what I've seen and a big reason I'm looking for a new place.
Didn't make that claim, just chiming in.  
Almost every church I've been to is like this.
I'm from the Midland/Odessa area.  Football is life...and the Cowboys were a Sunday tradition in my household.  I remember being a fan since the early 80's.
Holy shit my blood pressure...GREAT JOB NOT GIVING UP!
Where the trolls at NOW?   
Run the ball.  
They should of run all 3/downs.  Ugh.
FUCK THESE REFS AND GOD BLESS TERRENCE WILLIAMS!
Yep, this looks like the same old Cowboys.
Yep, this looks like the same old Cowboys.
Just like the city of Detroit.
Confused feelings for Game of War *gag* and Kate Upton.
99 yard mistakes?  Defense looks clueless out there.
Detroit came to play...ugh.  Dallas looks unprepared.
Very.
It may be in my head, but I think I get better pictures with camera fv-5 and DSLR camera apps.  

I get moderate results with Google camera.
I'm with you brother.  I still laugh my ass off during the ballet scene.
A cyborg space ninja!
I hope we carry this momentum into the playoffs... Maybe we don't need the bye.  This sure feels good after all those 8-8 seasons and all those haters.
I think Garrett is trying to prove a point after losing the last game to the skins.  Wonder what the mood is in r/redskins...
After fighting a vicious turd in the hr litter box.
Reddit MEETUP New years?
This.  
You feel that?  It's as if a million Eagles fans dicks just shriveled up and reversed inside themselves.
ALL ABOARD THE SUPER BOWL TRAIN, *CHOO CHOO*
How bout them EAGLES!  Bwahahhaha!
How much does the average 22 year old females go for?
[Almost that time, I love this tradition.] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-c--VMeW9j2Y/VHVkUYt6PnI/AAAAAAAAvPQ/yBP9gqa2A8c/s1600/FreeRelievedBrontosaurus.gif)
What are they supposed to do, punt on 1st down?
This, gentleman...is art.  *wipes tear*
Can you stop trying to make game of war a thing?
This is absolutely beautiful. I hope we carry this momentum into the next game and throughout the playoffs.
I'll add to this.  I've tried double twist and Poweramp, and I really like Rocket player.
[Zoom, zoom.]( http://i.imgur.com/NlgEfFn.gif)
Lol, I get sound rolling over this gif using Imagus.  
[Ol' Tiny Face...lol](http://i.imgur.com/Jol60ph.jpg)
I'm not sure any of these arguments make sense...it's just a bunch of ranting over stupid avatars.

You're telling me...you'd rather give plug money with nothing in return than actually get something back for donating?  

Avatars are really the only reason you use plug?  Not the community of people?  Not the chat, the music (which is not ad-supported if you use adblock)...all of which are still free?

[What is going on???](http://img.pandawhale.com/65402-zoolander-crazy-pills-gif-6laR.gif)
Agree with what you said, and my account is over 3 years old.  I saw what happen to turntable.FM and I would hate to see that happen to plug.
This will get down voted to hell, but I'm okay with them going this route.  Its just avatars...if that's why you use plug you really need to reevaluate.  

To me, plug is all about the community + music.  Avatars are just icing on the cake, and there are lots of free ones.  

While I don't think the site is perfect ( its still buggy as hell) I'm glad it exists.  Shake the haters off plug.
I came here to say, "You must have the at&t variant."  My expectations are set for January 2015....hopefully.
Google, can I trade my LOTR (which I already own on dvd) for Christmas Vacation?
Nice work...Only one I haven't done is the Stones of Barenziah.  
Dez Bryant signature game...awesome!  X
One of us one of us...
[Here we are...]( http://i.imgur.com/xPNIWzy.gif)
I want to punch Chris collingsworth right in the balls. 
Really Kate Upton? REALLY??
If there's one team I would want to crush... Is the Eagles.  
Looks like they really wanted to block that kick.
I use both, although I prefer Dropbox for sharing files with people that aren't Google friendly.  I have multiple backups in Dropbox, Google, one drive and box.
Looks like they won't be having holiday avatars?  http://support.plug.dj/hc/communities/public/questions/201480945-Christmas-Avatars-Where-are-they-

This is just dumb.  
I made the leap from the iPhone to Moto X 2014...and absolutely love it.  

I do miss iMessage and the nice camera (came over from a 5S) but...it's so nice not to have to deal with iTunes any more....it's worth it.
I also made the leap a couple months ago when I switched to an android phone.  Love the 360, but I do miss Peeble's always on display.  Sometimes I have to move my arm up and down before it displays the time.
Love this one...could also add it to guilty pleasures.
I got both...actually got the X-Men offer a couple months ago.  [\(all the movies i have on play are ones they offered free at one time or other\)](http://i.imgur.com/Zt5xjHf.png)
That's what I was afraid of...I used it quite a bit in the car and then I switched to Textra but it stopped reading.  I thought messenger would work. Bah.
You talking about the browser extension or the phone itself reading messages to you?  I'm using pushbullet for browser notifications and sending SMS.
This could be said for just about anyone.
I wouldn't get your hopes too high.  I'm thinking it won't come until early 2015 for those of us poor folks stuck with at&t versions.
Yep there goes the ball... OH SHIT
Cowboys play like shit, refs make shitty calls and we are still in it.  Giants you suck!
Our defense needs this, they have half assed it all game.
Craigslist
I sold my wife's 4s for $200.  Second selling it.
I use one with my MotoX 2014.

The battery life is pretty good, unless you compare it to a pebble.  I can usually go   about 8-10 hours and have the battery life at around 55%.  

I have a pebble original as well, and I prefer to use it when I workout or do anything that may cause it to take a beating.  The Moto 360 looks much nicer, but I worry about scratching the face.
This would be an excellent wallpaper for a phone.
no, I saw it and thought I would remember it today...but it's gone.
Yeah it was the Atlas I believe.  I don't care if this is the way the game goes, but I'm terrible with a sniper and I wasn't really sure the best way to match up against them. 
We were and have had before, but I've never seen anyone get 100 kills yet...especially just with a sniper.
it seemed like it was happening quite frequently with momentum...just about every game I played last night.

I've played all the other CoD's except for Ghosts, and never seen so many quick-snipers before.
I use reddit news as well, although I always find myself coming back to flow.
I wonder what this means for carrier backed phones
I read this as "Too Many Cocks".  

*mental note - parker lewis  must cut back on the porn*
Are the Goonies good enough?
[Nice.](http://i.imgur.com/sqBmE.gif )
Nice! I'm printing this and framing it.  You want to sign it for me?
A ninja, ninja-buttering toast.
[I spent exactly 5 minutes 42 seconds on this.](http://i.imgur.com/pYuJGQp.png) 
These are awesome, wish I could afford them.
How can they give every kid the attention they deserve?  They building an army?
Great Googily Moogily. 
I don't think it has a bad battery, until you compare it to phones that have great batteries.  I came from a Galaxy S4/iPhone 5S and they both had much better battery life in my experience.

I'd love to see a decent battery extender case with Qi charging.
I also have reddit news loaded on my phone, but flow just feels better to me.
It is now but it wasn't on my previous android devices... My last two being a Moto G and a Galaxy S4.
I've rooted my phones in the past for a lot of features that are becoming standards now.

My favorite thing was using tasker to turn off pin lock when it was connected to trusted devices.  I would call myself a mid-level tech user, I like to tinker but I don't get in too deep with it.

I'm currently waiting for Lollipop, no reason IMO to root.
Winning attracts them, they were salivating for us to lose a game.  We're still on top of the division though.
I think Weeden looked good, but only because we hadn't abandoned the run at that point and Washington hadn't really blitzed him like they did Tony.  

I think Garrett let Tony in to show he still has confidence in his starting QB.
We get another shot at them, so let's pick ourselves up, brush it off and learn from our mistakes.
GG tonight Skins, this is what rivalry games are all about.
Well we did score more points with Weeden in the game...
Makes me wonder if Romo is calling audibles out of run plays.
If we don't, I would seriously question this coaching staff.
Damn, win or lose this is a classic.
[GAWDAMMIT](http://images3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20111209025341/glee/images/8/8a/Fred-sanford-heart-attack-o.gif)
Damn this game is making me a nervous fucking wreck.
Damn this is some *straight out the movies* shit.
Just do them all to cover your bases.
Hell YES!
Yeah, I don't want to see him hurt, but I'd like him to think twice before he runs again.
If Weeden has a good game the Romo haters are going to have a field day.
WE AIN'T DEAD YET BOYS!
Romo gonna walk out and win the game...
Pretty sure it's someone trolling, probably not representative of your fans or r/rseahawks.
Just a troll with nothing better to do, let's keep it classy on our end.
Do you use iMessage? Carriers tend to compress MMS messages.  
I'm that guy!  
We are looking like the old Cowboys, we need to run the ball down there throat, not run pass pass...
Hell yeah I winced a little...UT flashbacks.
That's why I love this subreddit on gameday. 
Yeah, I need more friends. 
I'm in Waco, unfortunately don't get it. :/
Yes, but I don't get ESPN. :(
I did it, got an invite the next day. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
YO chimichanga.
Exactly why I gave it away... That and I only own one TV.
I won an Xbox 360 two years ago from a tweet I posted.  Already had an Xbox so donated to toys for tots.
I just got mine as well, I'm digging it.

I read invites might not show up for a few days.
"Yo chimichanga" seems to work well.
[Woah, it is that guy. RIP](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/10/20/gerard-parkes-dead_n_6018936.html?ncid=fcbklnkushpmg00000024) 
October 21st, not available.
[HA](http://www.gfycat.com/LiveBriefFoxhound#)
[6-1?  6-1?????](http://i.imgur.com/A46JK.gif)  If this season is a dream don't wake me up.
I love that Dez is on our team, you can tell he wants it so bad on every play.  
[Finally a turnover!!!](http://img2.findthebest.com/sites/default/files/530/media/images/Arbys_Cherry_Turnover_1_92865.png)
The Cowboys are beasts against the run.
I like seeing the Cowboys punching at the ball, at least they are trying to get turnovers.  NOW GET TO ELI!
Am I hearing the Ultimate Warrior theme song?
Escobar train coming through...CHOO CHOO!
I've tried most, and flow is also my favorite.
I'm pretty sure I remember this being brought up all the time during the Bush era.
Thought I would add these to the discussion:
[Starkiller 1](http://giant.gfycat.com/SlightVelvetyAndeancockoftherock.gif)
[Starkiller 2](http://giant.gfycat.com/MelodicImperturbableAmazontreeboa.gif)
I actually meant have Vader be more like starkiller was.  Spoiler, but at the end of the game Starkiller stops an imperial star destroyer using the force.
Yes, that's exactly what I was hoping for.
I wish, one of the few things I miss from my iPhone.  I like [Reddit Flow](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.deeptrouble.yaarreddit&hl=en&referrer=utm_source%3Dgoogle%26utm_medium%3Dorganic%26utm_term%3Dreddit+flow+android&pcampaignid=APPU_IBs_VPLsEs7IsATdlYCwBw) on android.
Would've been better to find out Dale likes it and he's a cuckold who wants to watch.
I would shown  Anakin as more of a badass...same for Vader.  I would of loved to see something like you see in the force unleashed game like him decimating an entire army by himself or using the force to stopping a giant ship. 
As much as I love Dez, this kid is becoming my favorite receiver
Excuses are like assholes...
Am I dreaming?   HELL YES COWBOYS!!!
Hell yes!  That's the difference this year, we don't throw every down when we get behind!  Run it down their throats!
Damn that Sprint commercial is annoying.
We give up on the run game?
You do realize the game isn't over?  
Dammmmmmit 
1 child size Romo jersey coming up...
Thanks for keeping it classy bro.
Where's those seahawk trolls now?  
Demarco, classy as fuck.
Its the same thing Richard Sherman's mom feeds him in those commercials.
They aren't used to success... or bathing.
Pete Carroll can eat a whole bag of dicks.
[This old chestnut]( http://i.imgur.com/VMJbduJ.gif)
Going for the choosy mother demographic.
Yeah I've seen that on the Ghostbuster subreddit, I wish I could afford to build it.
I love the original Ghostbusters.  I remember as a kid I had a nerf proton pack and would play like I was Venkman or Egon.  Call me old fashioned, but I would be a little disappointed that there won't be any male Ghostbusters this time around.

That being said, if I separate my feelings from the previous film I'm sure this could be funny if done right.  
These may be my favorite gifs here.
Ha, there really is a sub for everything.  You're right, some of that is cringe worthy.
lol, I had to dry my eyes in the office before a meeting.  
White knights of reddit unite. *feel free to revisit that Conan gif as you pat yourself on the back*
well I hadn't seen them yet and about 20 people in the room I frequent who haven't. I posted spoiler in case people wanted to be surprised.  [great job though bro, you really proved a point](http://i.imgur.com/ZLoHmpx.gif)
Not on this sub.
Nope, just saw them today.
It is my bank card.  I didn't try calling them, called the credit card company first. 

Thanks, will do.  You have to call every month?  hmmm...kind of a pain.
[XPac?](http://i.imgur.com/34gAwfd.png)

edit-fixed for karltee.
Great game by the Cowboys and not to take away from them, but I'm wondering are we that good or are the Saint's that terrible this year?
DEZAMUNDO!
Hold onto the ball, Murray.  
[UGH.](http://img.pandawhale.com/113636-I-have-a-very-bad-feeling-abou-iRfb.gif)
Thank you for your help.
[That just HAPPENED.](http://tonyhaletest.files.wordpress.com/2013/02/tumblr_lrkhc6mphg1qh54gpo1_500.gif)
I should mention I pulled a few, and the leaves retracted similar to ["touch me nots."](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Touch_me_not)
DEMARCO MURRAY IS A BEAST!  This is going to be a damn good week.
[Sprint please fire your advertising agency.](http://image.cdn.ispot.tv/ad/7ChW/sprint-simply-unlimited-supersonic-scream-featuring-judy-greer-small-2.jpg)
IS THIS REAL LIFE?  Offense and Defense look great tonight.
Damn...subscribing now!
Sofa king 
[What's up indeed.](http://www.thundersplace.org/male-supplements/holy-grail-of-cum-load-increase.html)
I always wonder when I go to vitamin shop and buy pygeum, zinc, L arginine, and lecithin if the person checking me out knows what's up.
Was expecting dickbutt. *shakes fist at reddit*
dafuq was with all the blowing kisses? lol
I have tons, but here are some favorites:

*  [Vince McMahon](http://i.imgur.com/MBAUMt4.gif) 
* [Ass?](http://i.imgur.com/pCfBlve.gif)
* [Oh Luigi...](http://i.imgur.com/F2lqVUY.gif)
* [Accidentally a massage](http://i.imgur.com/rPfwLtn.gif)
* [Stop sniffing my ass...](http://i.imgur.com/Jm1egqA.gif)
* [ All the work on my desk.](http://i.imgur.com/176TQtW.gif)
Some bad clock management tonight...argh I'm gonna have to take a few  shots to sleep tonight.
this made me laugh. nice work.
delivering.

* [mp3](https://www.dropbox.com/s/hd3jh5mhaj2f9i1/Boom%20Boom%20Boom%2C%20Weehoo%21%20%28original%29.mp3?dl=0)
* [iphone](https://www.dropbox.com/s/9a4w3gqu4ssr3k1/WAYYYOOOO.m4r?dl=0)
You must be new here...
I feel ya, There isn't enough alcohol brother...
This is my new ringtone.
I don't mind hearing an some of the old stuff, a lot of it is still funny.  I do really enjoy and look forward to new interviews though, so it's a downer when it's not a new show. 

I'm going to cancel, mainly because the lack of new Howard and the fact that I'm paying to hear commercials on top of it.  



[you know what she wants.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zewQjI8rY2Q)
Going on 14 years this year! 
At this point I'd just like to see the old site come back and scrap update plans until they have everything worked out.
How many Halos have there been since?  I played Halo Reach for a bit and there are still many people playing it.  Same for Halo 4.  CE Enhanced edition has multiplayer too...They spread themselves thin IMO.
How about a version of Boba Fett that should of been in the movie spaceballs?
[Here's the press latest press release.](http://i.imgur.com/sYquW0y.gif)
Kale/Spinach with a banana, frozen pineapples, frozen strawberries or frozen cherries, 1 scoop of hemp protein powder, 1 scoop of flax seed.  Mixed with either water or almond milk.
Hey I'm not disagreeing with you, but what does that have to do with Perry?  Seems like an easy deflection for people not smart enough to make a real argument.
It's amazing to see all the Facebook posts on this.  Conservatives use any opportunity to turn this into an Obama circle jerk.  "Oh yes Perry did break some laws, but that Obama is the real criminal."  No wonder Texas is becoming a punch line.
[Is that Fraggle Rock guy?](http://www.liftingfaces.com/uploads/fragglerock_04.jpg)
Tis' the only reason I subscribed.
[Screen Team Youtube channel.](https://www.youtube.com/user/ScreenTeamShow)  There's other videos of her out there.
[Yep.](http://i.imgur.com/uLSzvCE.png)
[because.](http://giant.gfycat.com/ConstantAmusedBarebirdbat.gif)
Our group of friends has 2 rooms we alternate

**Monday -Wednesday - Friday** 

*Better off 80's*

http://plug.dj/better-off-80-s/

Anything from the 1980's (78-92 is okay)

Friendly group of 80's music lovers that have been around for about 3-4 years now.  We don't downvote anyone who plays by the rules...which are 

* Don't be a jerk or troll
* Play 80's Music

**Tuesday - Thursday**

*Gone with the Spin*

http://plug.dj/gone-with-the-spin/

Play Anything! (except Nickelback)

Same rules apply above except for the 80's rule.

* Don't be a jerk or troll

I like this idea...or even just "dick" and "butt" on each page and dickbutt on the last page no pause.
[Shitty cut out I did.](http://i.imgur.com/y6FkmqM.png)
[source for those interested.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YCeQLeQiRP4)
No Raiden Samurai?
It's tough, but keep your head up.   I worked a job making tons of dough...but in the end I wasn't really making a difference in the world, other than adding to my bosses bank account.  I love working with students and knowing I'm making a difference in at least some of their lives.

I wish I had better advice for you, you may try and look into Student Loan forgiveness for teachers - https://studentaid.ed.gov/repay-loans/forgiveness-cancellation/charts/teacher
Question, are points being reset?  

Also, I think it would cool to do a write up on our small room - Better Off 80's.  We are a group of people that met online at turntable.fm 3 years ago and became good friends all the way to the plug transition.  It's interesting how these online communities can create friendships!
If I had $300 I'd splurge.
I wouldn't say pissed, but maybe a little disappointed.  I liked Bridesmaids and think that the movie would be funny, but any "reboot" of the series would be disappointing because the original movie/cast was just too perfect IMO.

I wouldn't mind seeing a "handoff the torch" movie as discussed before with a younger squad, but I'd prefer it be a mix of males and females instead of just one or the other.  Ghostbusters is that type of guys movie that we find funny because they can relate to the characters in some way.  Hard to do with an all female cast.
[unless your wife is a teacher.](http://i.imgur.com/1ib24.gif)
[IFTTT Integration?](http://i.imgur.com/3vKJqc7.gif)
I'd be all over it, especially if they updated the graphics and gameplay elements for current/next-gen.


[MRW when I finish doing anything in Skyrim.](http://i.imgur.com/9bTj21k.jpg)
Raises hand.  I watched a bunch of people playing on Twitch, didn't look particularly interesting.

Thought I'd give the beta a go, and was instantly addicted. Pre-ordered, took a few days off of work.
[I'm surprised no one has posted this.](http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=wAg2m5UlBYw).  Also Surprising outcome because the Batman vs Wolverine beat down went wolverines way and it seemed to be because of his healing factor. I'd like to see a rematch that's not a popularity contest.
I want a Finn/Fett SHIRT!  
Lurking here in the shadows.
This one for me also.  I'm pretty strong-stomached but this one had me queasy the whole time.  I still can't eat ricotta cheese.