Woah
Not sure why you’re being downvoted. You’re not wrong. Probably that last bit though. Not everyone has had an experience like that with their cousins 
Aye. 


This should be quoted in the banner for a week

“My manager said no the customers isn’t always right “
Sale
I’ve moved out of the house three times now. Once for school twice for work. When I was in school I didn’t appreciate my parents and why they insisted on calling me every day. Or why they got mad when I ignored them for weeks on end. When I came back i can’t say I didn’t feel missed. But I didn’t get it. 

When I moved for the second time I didn’t either.  Work brought me here and my parent again tried to call me or text me every day. Sometimes it was just too much. Sometimes I would answer and It would just be a small conversation but at the same time I would get another phone call and it would be my mom if I were on the phone with my dad and vice versa. I didn’t know why they would do this it just seemed too much. Time progressed my father and I had a falling out he said I’m dead to him, and it took for my great grandmother to die for us too start talking. My brother had moved with me he said he couldn’t take it anymore living with them their constant fighting and wanting to constantly be around him. I still didn’t get it. 


One day I get a phone call from my mom. She was crying and was going to call the cops. Turnes out they were going through divorce procedures all this time.  They just hid it from me. All this time they tried to talk to me just to have someone to talk to. And I just let them down.


 Two weeks later I move back in but it was too late. My father no longer lived in the house. That October they finally divorced. I had to move out because they sold the house. Took my mom to my grandmas house spent time with her I loved it. Speak to my father every day. Just to hear his voice. He worries me. I went to his wedding. I’m glad he is happy. I just wish I could have valued them when they were at their best. 
Hence the round file 
Hola! Te acabo de agregar en insta yo soy @dj_tortilla. Saludos!
Wasn’t this supposed to a be a Ferrari bmw partnership but Ferrari pulled out on the last minute 
https://i.imgur.com/UyAYbam.jpg
It’s flat on all six sides you dweeb
Wow I wonder if he has a digital copy of this. Would make a sweet wallpaper
ಠᴗಠ
Oh they know what the ladies like
Woah
That’s one well used hole
How was it working with Brandon?
Who is this
Good. Stay
Oh man I need a transcript of this 
I love you mr u/tuna_lover
I want more lol
One thing I would like to point out is that after so many years and games optimization for the hardware is key. Look at halo 2 vs reach. Everything that improved because of the amount of experience building for it
Oh! Where in texas?
Or what's your number?
Whys it airbrushed ?
Thank you
Wooosh
There’s a whole lot of misinformation going on here. Basically anything older than a 6 or newer than a 6s so long as it’s not the Japanese or Korean versions will not work. The reason being the 6, 6s, and SE chipset for communications and the X(only if it’s been warranty replaced at an Apple store(only if it’s a att or tmo device) because pretty much all that is stocked at an Apple store is the VZW variant anyways). These devices are all basically the same in terms of USA carrier compatibility. 
I have a Tmo unlocked i5 that will not work with Verizon 
Isn’t the cutout for speaker bigger on the 7?
do you have to be in oreo?
well what app is it?
I don't care about the background unless I can have it as an full screen always on display like the galaxy s7 days.

What I do want to know is how to achieve that clock!
clockr


oldie but goodie
Is that the Uber CEO? 
what did you get rid of on the bottom left hand corner?
A lot of people on those boats were fucking to the fire
A lot of porn stars or people in general who have those tattoos mean that they are toxic 
I thought it was a taco truck
Reminds me of that one scene in inglorious bastards when that third rich guy is fucking his French translator
The uncut deal if I may.
Yeah it’s going to be super short. Just his name. 
Okay universities where are his scholarships. And president where is his medal. Not to make it political this Kid did something so selfless and literally threw his life to save others. Regardless of if you like Trump or not he deserves to be a national hero
[if this tattoo is real then :(](https://i.imgur.com/TxROAcH.jpg)
That’s... a lot of store. 
Texaco
Very cute. But what kind of phone is that??
Cute guy with a talent create something unique and interesting? To the top with ye!
When was this photo taken
Much like all the “St.” clinics and hospitals are using tax payer money to convert people to what ever flavor of Christian they have on offer. 
Get a Ethernet to lightning adapter. If the stuff on your phone is that important. 


Is it set to auto backup ?
Can you change the password with find my iPhone?
Apollo also has that. It’s the little details that make the experience so good
Now you do; do with this information what you will. 
You can’t have a walled garden if your OS uses mainstream chips. Apple wants to control every it of every os. This makes sense for Apple period. 
What, did you not know?
They will also have their own charging port called St. Elmo or spark. It uses 8 pins that do all the interfacing as well as obd functions
Why do you have an eye carved onto your chest
Well post the link
[Kavinsky - Nightcall (ASTRE Remix). Love this song it’s defiantly a different take on this outrun song!](https://youtu.be/x5a_azX5azY)

[Mashup: The Weeknd - Starboy x Survive - Stranger Things Theme (C418 Remix)](https://youtu.be/zD0M7rVDG6g) wonderful
 Mashup

[Deorro feat. DyCy & Adrian Delgado - Perdoname - que se siente gringos so saber la letra- spanish electronic dance music thats excelent quality](https://youtu.be/P1DzsWenr7E)

[Boom Jinx, Maor Levi & Ashley Tomberlin - When You Loved Me (MS54 Intro mix) - the original missed out on a lot of potential the drop was wrong the pacing was off i feel this mix helps it better ](https://youtu.be/-sc2GyNdpy0)

[Luminary - Amsterdam (Super 8 & Tab Remix) - oldie but a goodie ](https://youtu.be/ZEFocGNOZoA)
I too have lived on the internet for several years 
The new superhero pose
This already looks like it could have been a submission 
That is genuinely funny 
Woah
Well if you use the Spanish way it’s be-har like te-has 
Good ole Texas 
That’s a lot of sharpening 
Keep them away from direct sunlight and you’ll be fine. Harsh temp changes or extreme temp changes are bad especially since these guys are incased in this material if it does get heated in there it will stay heated longer and vice versa 
Mobile batteries are more prone to. 
Sarge would be so proud
I hope you took the batteries out before you did this. 
https://i.imgur.com/kg2r3N7.jpg
I miss mine. Came you bend the frame back?
Woah. Physically you’re basically what I want in a guy
Wow
Schrodinger mode. 
For the first time I’m actually glad I have Apple Music. 
In Italian you said 
*go bart go *
I went from a 0 to a 3. Holy hell did I notice it. Lots of good. Lots of bad. Thicker people say you shouldn’t be able to notice it but I did definitely. Also the taptics have changed. It no longer feels like a tap on the wrist it more feels like and actual vibration
It’s like chocolate sometimes you can have too much aids
I like the Jesus look. Way cute. The short hair not be offend but it makes you look like a generic guy
I love me some English dick
[this](https://youtu.be/_9gFT1mEfZ8)
Only a handful?
[hello](https://i.imgur.com/CSeADAY.jpg)
Well it's got to be useful somehow 
Safety standards 
Ah yes. You are correct
Chris bangle designed this generation hence bangle butt
Triple contractions are a thing. 
Wouldn't've noticed haven't you pointed out the grammar. 
>	leather made from tiger nipples 

Wow I read that didn't even phase me. I was thinking how nice all the materials I'm this cat. 
Bangle butt
That "thing" looks like a volvo
Listening to Pilgrimage by twelve titans music and looking at these photos Is amazing
Listening to Pilgrimage by twelve titans music and looking at these photos Is amazing
Neither should face ID. I feel something as dynamic as a face shouldn't be used as security. Or if it does then only with a very small margin of change for the faces scanned and if that turns out to be an inconvenience then it should not have been implemented at all
Why is one of them bent
Ugh Everytime the word Iconic and halo come together I think about hiddenexpiria's "iconic" video
I used to have the boxes to every iPhone model and version of the model I’ve owned. Same with my blackberry devices. They all got accidentally Thrown away when I moved. Their box was put next to the trash pile 
Well if the fingerprint reader learned other people’s fingerprint then that would be bad I don’t see how Face ID should be treated as any different. 
TheN you really won’t ever get into your phone unless you Learn the language 
No use gallefreyan keys
You buffoon! How much of an uncultured twat must you be not to have the hand washed before you use it. 
Congrats. You doing width or depth
Oh?
They can’t iPhones are too addicting now apparently 
Yeah but is ice wet when you put water on it
Ah yes why are you covered in cement?
The watch changed though. Now it’s one buzz and then a longer one. I remember when I was being denied a watch it used to feel like actuall taps. 
No. Just vibration
Yeah but it’s not a tap it’s a buzz
When a company gets too big
They better keep those mirror 
Nima numa
I wouldn’t know all the men I’ve been with are pretty sexual when in the bedroom with me 
What kind of dog
As a bmw driver I can’t disagree with you
You are definitely a lucky one. I'm typing his on my currently over heating i7 sp3 wth three tabs on edge Spotify and one note in the background 
Looks really good
I can. The design though legendary does show its age. Like gothic and new gothic modern day glass sandwiches that prevail in modern phones hail back to this phone  
Ah the late 10’s as it were. I have a feeling these 480p and upscaled to 720 and 1080 from 480 videos  will seem really vintage in like 5 more years
I really want that copper one
I want to know who he is
I don’t think we can forget how bad halo 5 is. The amount of Chief was lack luster to be kind. The amount of Cortana did pretty much stay the same. We felt her all across the game. 
What was the number you put on Line H subtracted by line G on your last tax form for
I second this /u/nautical_theme 
Oh I want to hear that
All the bottoms are in SATX and tops are in ATX
Ayy that’s where all the tops are
My heart is torn between in n out and whataburger 
I got this nice playlist from Magestic Casual 


https://itunes.apple.com/us/playlist/majestic-casual-office-radio/pl.23928ae6fd8d45d09bc56b2fce3ddbechttps://itunes.apple.com/us/playlist/majestic-casual-office-radio/pl.23928ae6fd8d45d09bc56b2fce3ddbec

It good to have in the back ground playing



Also I called it car chase music but this is kind of aggressive high beat music that I just like. 
https://open.spotify.com/user/apocali3/playlist/4WCoUkoDHlyNT0o8B74vOk?si=04CFJj9pTJCyDQI4MMaKzg

Let’s go to Whataburger 
I got rear ended on Monday and it was dry out so maybe just people don’t know how to drive period
Dude people do not know how to drive today. Or last night for that matter. 
Lol dork
Chevire 
YES
So who’s parked wrong
Dun dunnnn duduhdunnn
Thump thump is all I hear in my ears
I like both. 
Do you own a bug
I like both. Sort of exotic bad boy with this one. With dark hair more like a Latin lover who will take me to his place and show me his paintings 
Woah you *do look cute*
No Heaven is in London off Villiers Street 
Oh nice where from? I actually prefer the warm beach of port A
The wikia was the only thing I could to prove your point in my fervent desire to not dig up source material
Well aren’t you adorable 
Lance the driver?
I was proving your point. 
Yes
>	Despite her being originally intended as a temporary AI to oversee the ship's construction and shakedown,[1] Aine continued to serve as the Infinity's AI for four years until 2557. When the Infinity was hacked by the Forerunner known as the Didact and the ship crashed inside Requiem, Aine was severely damaged by the impact. During the battle, Cortana asked Aine to let her help the ship's crew, but Aine, noticing Cortana's rampancy and the deactivation of her central power core at Cortana's hands, threatened her with locking the AI and John-117 on the ship. In response, Cortana accidentally[8] broke down Aine's matrix, killing her. She was upset by her death. The conversation was recorded as the "Cyroraeth Dialogue", and the story of her death was hidden to the majority of the ship's crew, believing Aine was terminated upon the Infinity's impact on Requiem.[4]

>	Five months later, she was replaced by Roland.[3]


From the wikia
I’m note sure why you’re being downvoted
[you are all wellcome ](https://bungiestore.com/products/cayde-with-chicken-plush)
74 is the new 24
Evolution at its finest. Our ancestor had three hands you see. So this drill is a perfect example of how we modern humans have evolved to only need two. We are well on our way to use only our brains to move things
Turned out it’s really hard for people not to do that. I’m baffled. 
People like you are why we can’t have nice things
Oh what really are you on PC? God have I really not played the game that long. I used to play it on my ps3 and it looked so meh
If only the game actually looked like that
I dislike Northbot and his work on replacing dinklebot as much as I love how work on halo
How do you like the oppo
If land then tax free
Remindme! April 2
Remindme! Bot 
He certainly look to be eyeing a bit of cake
I wouldn’t mind him in me
You guys never had left overs? My mom and when we cook we easily go through on of those every three months 
When I was living in London I did get quite used to no guns. But then Charlie Hebdo happened the whole city changed. That night was strangely quite. Too quiet. The next day guns everywhere. I forgot what a police offer holding a gun looked like. After a while things did calm down. When it was time for me to go back to LA again I had gotten so used seeing Law figures not carrying lethals that when going through customs one I got nervous around the BP officer.  
Yep not visiting Al Jazeera  https://i.imgur.com/Y9iaexV.jpg
Listening to hot stuff by donna summer
Oh my god. Im you just aged me
Even when he is trying to be right he is wrong
Ja ja ja polizei
It Adds to the magic
A proper filet doesn’t need flavor augmentation beyond what are basics. 
**patreon** and **onlyfans** *god*
I use iOS 11 across three devices 10.5 iPad an iPhone 7plus and X. You definitely notice it on the X and the iPad. There are times the touch responses is delayed requiring a restart apps like Apollo and YouTube refuse load during multitasking. FaceID not working at all there are some apps you can lock down with faceid that simply won’t work because the system is throwing a fit. 
Yup I had one three actually from the first OS to the last update. I would rank the experience of using that thing the first three months akin to what iOS 11 is right now. 

The SOC that it used really was bad Qualcomm really dropped the ball with it and it affected other devices at the time to. With the lattes security update the device does run better. Much like other OEMS they learned to work around the shortcomings with software. 
I’m sorry for you and your device. You dtek guy really got the shit end on the stick in terms of software. 
They*had*one. I had a top of the line processor a curved screen **yuge**screen fast charging really decent camera plenty of ram  heck it even had a keyboard. It was called PRIV and no one bought one
feet in a V sharp and leaning at the waist 
Why is he standing so awkward 
And that bat mobile from the Nolan films
That is definitely not ageing in a bad way
How’s your case holding up. Remind me bot just reminded me about this
I want this jacket
I too would like this
Apple it has to be Apple I mean explain iOS 11 and high Sierra security bugs. 
Yeah but like that’s HEB. That’s at a whole nother level
All of this has happened before and all of this shall happen again
[Pretty soon we are all going to be like](https://youtu.be/d5Gz7MeSbF4) 
Like two peas in a pod
[I just want Lucid  and glowboard to be ported over so I can get my old setup from when I was actually happy with my setup on my 5s](https://i.imgur.com/nCQ3lWP.jpg )
I know. I just made made reference to a song that answered his question and is a defense to vehicle vergins
[because gravity ](https://youtu.be/1iDTrK2EAfI)
How is than any less than having an iron fall on your chest? It’s not both of those are bad. But y’all learned. 
Shh we are safe here
Damn Dave in marketing really went all out with this didn’t he? Good on Dave. For the quite guy who sits in the corner and doesn’t talk to anyone he’s got talent 
Well yes poop is generally nasty 
Well I mean it’s not *wrong*
I like that indicator at the bottom telling you at what time the gif is
D quadrant
Does this affect the 7plus
All of this has happened before and all of this shall happen again
I think they aged him a bit too much 
I wonder how they put the camera piece back on
AM I BEING GROUNDED?!?!?!?!!?
Ala black mirror
But one big Korea 
I miss the Coachella valley!
I read that in fluffy’s British voice
Apparently I’m banned
Is there a mirror


Edit there is thanks to u/stabbot 


https://streamable.com/49ef7
Abit harsh
Who is this
It was rocky before it was cool
Here’s my upvote contribution 
I would have straight up asked them how childish they think their uncomfortably is compared to the danger outside.
I think samsung still sells a flip phone like taht
I don’t think they intend anyone to keep using the playbook at this point 
I wonder what the tattoo says
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=md4kM9AKjHs

literally this
Are you sure this isn’t a young Bradley cooper 
With a young Bradley Cooper in the back smiling as if he orchestrated it all
everyone knows to bullshit their way into arguments and present non valid credentials and pass off as a psychiatrist with a masters in both developmental psychology and psychology as well as a bachelors in business and a undergrad in bullshit
That’s a lot of cum on the ground
Oh yes
off topi but am i the only one that thinks their website is a total nightmare? Try navigating their Home page
I wonder who this is
I mean fast charging does wear out the battery faster. this delivers a fast charge to the phone probably not the fastest it can handel but its definitly faster than a standard qi charger.
Those phones Are only useful if you’re on boost unfortunately 
where? and what carrier
also happened in cirtain countries even without it being led i beleive
I never claimed that you claimed that
As if you can pair the same watch to multiple iPhones 
I miss my s0 honstely. How light it was the haptic feedback was better how much slimmer it was. Doesn’t miss the battery though
I thought I did. 
Who is this 
sometimes i wish i had access to the seven African powers my 3 Mexican powers all would tell me to sacrifice his still beating heart to the gods 
That’s not the 9XP is it?
This guy got shafted somewhere between 1918 and 1917
glenn woods
Oh how I love him
I mean he didn’t tread through his life carefully 
I’m mean to be honest he really does
And Apple removed your quick access to Turning off your Bluetooth 
Didn’t Apple actively talk about this in one of their keynotes
RAW!
Wait they are drivable? 
What part of tx 
Torn legacy and transformers both are tied on my iTunes 
Mail does this too with searches and emails that you search. It’s infuriating 
if i haddent lived in texas i would have told you that the Coachella valley doesnt have a McAllen nor does the Central California valley
I’m moving back in two weeks. I literally almost cannot wait. I miss whataburger way too much
The halo movie I want. Similar to the halo 3 adverts. 
Blasphemy! How dare you compare yourself to our benevolent nugget god who graced you with more than you required. 
I would love this on the sides of my 8plus
Just stick to the god dam eagle eyes. And Jesus Christ on a chrome hockey stick these light look like a broken image on an old crt
I’d rather suck to my chili peppers thank you
Welcome 
That cycle 
Eh probably but the chances of a condom ripping is out there 
Well I mean I guess you *CAN* keep the dead spider in your ear, but I wouldn’t recommend it in my professional opinion. 
They just might go so far as to
Everythingapplepro?
There is another one of these, much more frightening floating around on Facebook 
Damn look at that V so sexy
When I get this working on my iPhone X I’m going to literally 🌝🤤💦🙈🙉
Just like my X used to do 
Bad bot. 
usually in the notes when you book the reservation. depending on the hotels system but opera and onq run hotels allow you to have more people put on to the reservation they just have to be added. If you call to make the reservation you can request it then and there. if youre doing it online put it in the notes and special requests
Ask the nurses to help you out. If they can fax over a paper to the hotel stating with YOUR ID that you are in the hospital and that your wife is coming.
I havent seen that model dehu before. Interesting how nearly all of the industry chooses to use blue plastics. I wonder if prochem started that fad?

If you want to know The Dehumidified- the fridge looking thing- sucks in cold moist air and pumps out hot dry air. The fans with the opening like benders eyes should be pointed at the walls blowing air to them so that the drywall actually dried the big air movers should point at around the dehu so that they can do their thing.
at my place we have parking in sort of a U. Guest sometimes try to come in through the back.

They other day one of our super deluxe star encrusted petrified rocks come in and complain she had to walk all the way around because she could not open the door.

My FDA simply replied "If im going to come over to your house im not going to come in through the back yard Im going to come in through the front door right?"

Took her a while to figure it out. But the look on her face was so pleasant when she figured it out.
WHY?
I unlocked my 6s+ last year i dont know what website i used but i have emails sent and received from them. or at least if i search their sales and support emails show in my email.
carbs
Missing the shadows
Did you get any other device 
I try to find one with a head Chef who has at least one rat on top of his head under that hat they wear controlling his arm movements with his hair
And both companies are still in the mobile game yet Microsoft is the one that suicides 
🌝💦🙉🙈
maybe even aesthetically pleasing 
Looked a little like you
A girl, on reddit!? I thought we were all white males in our 20s
STFU
that reflection was throwing me off.. that white thing looked like a mike hole and the middle left looked like a speaker mesh

I have no idea what device im mlooking at
Paging u/downsetwithnothing
so say we all
different from estanby too then
I mean when your car literally doesnt have a dipstick. Thats courage.


/s
when people spell queue like que them my mind goes and translates it to *what*
I bet the glue is only on the black parts
Maybe the Johnny dephttps://i.imgur.com/yNK2fmI.jpg


But a regulation cut might workhttps://i.imgur.com/IngQpC7.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/nA4QP8m.jpg
Can you post a profile shot and a bit of a high portarte to see the hairline
What is this
slippers are a liability.
Huh. Morgan page
Two amazing phones. Don’t feel bad about it. Fell good that your at the point In your life you can spend 2k on phones 
I had a se 6s and 7. No I have a keyone a 5s a note 8 and a X. 
Actually he also wanted a back button but his team convinced him otherwise
I go like that every time 
Haha my poor child we are only at the beginning https://i.imgur.com/GLH4Nim.jpg
My x was heavy and thick too
My friend once told me I’m not the fun drunk gay of the group 
Did he eat a football?
Got any more photos?
I meant to say insulated wires. You don't want to short the pins
Get a small but sturdy wire with rubber put nsuperglue on the tip and get that head out
Wow the exposed metal underneath looks really cool unlike the fruit companies. Looking at you iPhone 5 and q10
Absolutely beautiful. As a Latino I’ve always wanted to date someone darker or lighter skinned than me but I’ve always had a soft spot for Asian guys
Who are they*
Where were you when I lived there. 
Remind me! 2 days. 
You honestly won’t stay single for long. Very cute
Although in a still image he definitely looks more menacing I definitely think that in game play he would just look like generic marvel type bad guy
Man I have my platinum one in my car but I really wanted this one
Austin IS like TOPSHQ   When I lived in San Antonio I found that out real quick
Text from today are displaying before yesterday’s 
Happens to the best of us
strange... My apple watch shows them in the correct order though so its at least limited to iphone at this point. im going to check my macbook and ipad after work
when did it start for you?
what do you mean?
What does the subject have to do with it?
compared To what? Your family history?
I miss mine. It won’t turn on anymore. The dock connected has a pin that’s pushed in
they ran out
I dont understant what you meant by caramel wayne brady i am confusion
Oh man I want to see more
oh mama
and??????? what did he find? dont leave us hanging

they did that with the apple watch aswell
I like how the compression makes those dots on the wallpaper disappear 
You know out of all the cars Mitsubishi brought out during these years this vintage of galant was probably my favorite. Probably because it looked like a Dodge Charger. 
Rad shoes
I mean it probably did happen at one point to someone. In Italy probably of all places 
Art...finds a way. 
Oh man only one of him inside you
Alright we need to put Mr. spaghettis Miata upthere
Alright where is Mr. Spaghetti?
Jizz. Some people don’t like it up other people’s butt. 
What about jiggle
Do they have taste buds?
RemindMe! 2 days "to get updates"
And you got dental floss! Yay!
We did it reddit! Lo hicimos! Come on, vámonos! Everybody let’s go. 
What book is this
How big is it
let me know if it does anything 
go to accecibility settings see what has permission. I had magnify installed and i let it do its thin and it was a constant hassel until i revoked its permission
your management is dumb...is there a way to contest it?
See thats the exact feeling i have right now. But I went from a Luxury Resort with a restaurant that i helped open currently at the top 10 in the country and a spa that just opened currently at 10 ten to a full service hotel outside my state capitol. I feel like my entire experience has been a true downgrade. Maybe i miss the money and the stress(there was a LOT) but I was happier too.
I thought mods can
turn it on
It does. YouTube features videos on how many likes the video gets as well. 
Another YouTuber did the same thing as I recall. Don’t know who but he did it a couple of weeks after
 If you guys really feel as strongly to this guy as y’all make it seem hit the dislike button on the content he produces that you don’t think is quality. 

To be honest I haven’t liked how his style has evolved since the galaxy s6 days. Look at his review from then to what it is now of the s8. If I don’t like his shit I do hit the dislike. If there are truly really real clickbait titles and thumbnails(if he doesn’t review the product shown or in the title or do what he said he does) I do hit the report button as I do for many others. Be part of the community. The comments section are there for a reason. Just don’t be a spaz or a dick and just say this guy sucks. 
Do your part if you don’t like his content. Hit the dislike button
This entire series is gold. Ed bolian is an awesome story teller and a shrewed negotiator. 
Mi bushibushishi bushishi bushi trad-da-da da-da-da tada 
You should post your tumblr
Let the people eat cake
Could you also tell this story with out the sprung. I cant really comprehend it im a little burnt out. 
Ugh malorf is full of maloria
Or its crying for help
Sounds like you and i both worked at the same exact place
yeah but why should we have to do this workaround- to be 100% honest if it was a BREAKING issue then we should have jumped ship long ago
Have you tried taking it off and on again
We still don’t know what happened with those keyboard keys
okay you really need to start an u/AIRZ23 style daily post things with little tid bits of story to keep the suspense going. You really have a talent at writing stories down
More Courage
http://tidbits.com/article/17463
Yeah not not with the new iTunes. You have to stay at like 11.6 or something 
https://www.gta5-mods.com/vehicles/bmw-850-csi would this work
Man I really want to see something like this with an 850 csi
Oh well I mean.... I guess....
You’re on a list somewhere 
Oh really
I want him to bang me
Who is this
Alright come here
We can make our own party
Why is everyone so attractive
I think she might have been as flustered as you were. shitty situation for both of ayll
Damn the thirst 
Cillian Murphy?
I mike that drive 3 times a month.  From Palm Springs to Sacramento actually. I’ll get a spare phone and map the coverage signal each way next time I drive that stretch 
You know disputed the ugly sweater. You sure are really attractive 
https://www.iphonetricks.org/easiest-way-to-fix-a-stuck-or-dead-pixel-on-your-iphone-or-ipad/
its raining.... jkjk

screens failing try getting one of those apps that gets the pixels unstuck
oye si lo vendes dime
yeah dont go through your sons photos
This is why i like apples implementation of a reversible plug over type c. I dont know if im recalling this correct wasent lightning supposed to be an open standard? Didnt apple announce that with the iphone 5
money now vs later
eh...
"Hey idjiot"
"Hi Vladimir" 
I don't think it's Barclay I never received a card from them. 


I bought the computer in California 
It was supposed to be fun remark and you took it way too buthurt
naw just Locke. Jerome looks uncomfortable but also thinking whelp this is what we were trained to do. i guess
To be 100% honest this is sad. Every device ive owned in the last 3 years had had a slickwrap on it. I compared their leather decal to dbrands for my nexus 5 and really liked the slickwrap. The natural series came and i really fell in love with it. Got the saddle brown one for my note 5 and it was flawless and it aged beautifully. I got a black one for my S7 and three months later the edges peeled and it was curling backwards i emailed them and they sent me out a new one overnight. I never used it unfortunately. I got the note 7 and iPhone 6s+ and got the same saddle brown. Never got to put on the note7 one and the 6s+ was awesome till i had to warranty exchange the phone. I have the same for my 7+ and when the s8 came out I ordered one I ended up returning the 8 and got the s8+ I emailed them to see if it was too late to get the back for the s8+ rather than just the nomal s8 and they sent out the s8+ backing along with a black leather one for my macbook. 

My experience with them has been nothing but awesome. but if this is the new direction they are taking this company i dont want to risk it and get burned
area is a good song magnusthemagnus has a lot of music in a lot of commercials

by your logic... when were you born?
are you using the phone in the dark? that happens all the time for me when im in the dark. When its lit outside by the sun it works but it also happens to not work for me when its artifical light from like those tube lights in office building

does op even work there?
The thirst is real
I got it through the student financing.
see they never did that with mine. Now im out of apple care and with a still defective computer. Ive had my display SSD and wifi card replaced aswell. Ive taken it to basically 7 different apple stores across three countries each time they "fix" something and the random wifi disconnects keep happening
I hope you took all the protection corpyright parameters for this photo
This comment is literally the equivalent of saying “ that’s not how it works. That’s not how any of this works”
Because I use it on my iPhone 7 
Unfortunitly E419 already blew up
Dfu mode?
Doesnt look like the material is sticking to the surface. Is it?
Why dies the area around the camera hump look like that
Damn sounds like i need to go to my local TarJay
Attention to detail in all thw wrong places
Buy an original charger 
I would wany every bit of you
If i woke up in the sky and i wasent in an airplain that i got into of my own free will i would be very concerned. 
Thats...thats a ferrari badge 
why does his face look like it was one of those CGI bots! his mouth does not look real
no just the one that is affected by the issue
our system is always flucked up. We purposefully OS out rooms by putting them under managments name beacuse if we dont the numbers on the internet dont match up with what we actually have. two days ago had we not done that by 11 rooms we would have been oversold all 11
https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/panda-mobile-security/id1013780143?mt=8
 
a simple Gsearch
can you post a photo of it

How do you install that
Who
Wow sigue
Well at least 
When you all mean “we” you actually mean you as pilots go down and personally inspect everything or you have inspecting inspectors do it. 
What was it originally 
hmm they did them in the dark. i wonder why
Kinda dissaopinted just soft and gentler thuds
i havent seen it with the subtitels on ima go do it now
Aquaintances i would say. they do some videos together and they are quite good
Yall should look up the best of freckle  i love freckle 
Anything bjalvo and michael henry 
And half of california 
Some people in the world. Ive had the exact opposite with mine though. Mine are in arabic and hebrew. 
Well aren’t you a fucking hottie
I mean it is important you’re not going to expect a virgin to know how to use someone else’s dick 
I dont know... Ive had some pretty bitchy guests...
I praise you for what you did!

I don't let it get to me. There is a song by Gloria Trevi -TODOS ME MIRAN. My mom used to play that song all the time when she would want to be away from my dad. I never really understood it until grew older. Its been my anthem for years.

 People are more accepting of other people now but we should not confuse it with being more tolerant. You don't have to agree or even like something to tolerate it
Hey we will get through this together. We were on fire last month. I know how it feels. Stay strong and keep tissues handy. I could not tell you the number of guests I had leaving at 4 am with their children going to the airport to stay at grandmas.
Ive been accused of being homosexual.. my boyfriend was their bellman. We just looked at each other.
Thats what life was designed to be
Yeah it only took a decade
Keeping it is a trophy is a true disservice to the car and a waste of a beautiful machine. I buy cars to drive them not have them lot in a garage. 

Air shocks definitely one way to go about that. It looks nice low too.
Keep the door flairs. Raise the nose. That ultra low style is impractical and stupid. I like the wheel concept 
damn onions and theses 4 AM checkouts 
ugh still not alligned looks closer to one end of the home button
You guys are all horrible and mean. This is not unwatchable and absolute trash. Sure it needs polishing and the music doesnt fit BUT the concept is great. One commercial showing the iPhone "growing up."

Dude put a better song like, somthing upbeat but not loud, bold but not in your face. Time the cuts to the beats and you are all set.
Well aren’t you the cutest thing since sliced bread
It did when I was living in London 
Growlr
I just realozed the edges arent rounded
For a long time i actually thought she was naked
I love Bjalvo's skits! Him and anything michael henry
Oh I love rizzos ass so much
I forgot hot colorful this game is
Dont like that fake part trens thats going around. You already had a natural part  why not use it. 
I can see the patch that nurfs this gun when all the complaintcome. Its inevitable.
a small tear was brought to my eye 
Donaldo Nalgotas
*Donaldo Trumpeto?*
Youre uncle is hot 
Probably not going to get out me cah I’ll go back and see if it is still broken 
You two should post more 
It would probably be against sub rules
Did you use cum as lube?
Who is this
What about your outer nerd
Welcome back
Woah **we need more like this**
How can you read that
Who ever you date will be lucky 
but not scoff?
I am like that with the McRib Extra PICKLES and ONIONS I WANT THAT CRUNCH IN MY LUNCH

Also with panda express I love their hot sauce. I usually ask them for hotsos like they would beleive and yeah I get just enough 
i see simba
off topi and about a competitive services but i Was going to samsung pay with my frontier at chevron the other day. The cashier said "oh we dont take apple pay" and beacuse of MST the payment went through. I didnt correct him that it wasent apple pay just the look on his face was priceless.

I have had different venders in London pull the readers away because i reached over with my wrist. Im guessing they weren't expecting it. Its a really convenient technolody 
Wasn’t there a Santa one of these just recently 
Why
That is a boy. 
I thought it was that kid from stranger things 
Look him up
Reminds me of Jan Ole
If it hasent it should. I hate hair in my mouth
looks like a silver mac pro
I quoted directly off their site. It gives you apple care
I was using it a while back reset my mac like 6 monthes ago and completely forgot about it until my Series 3 asked me if i wanted that feature
Do you have "premium device protection"?

https://protection.sprint.com/


>Enjoy convenient and affordable repairs for your device, with coverage for cracked screens and mechanical and electrical breakdown (malfunction) due to defects in material workmanship and normal wear and tear. Eligible repairs will be either in-store or mail-in, depending on the type of malfunction, damage, and device. Customers enrolled in Total Equipment Protection Plus with AppleCare Services may receive certified repair at Apple Stores and Apple Authorized Service Providers.

>Learn More

I feel you
Chesus 
Why?
I want to know who the blonde one is 
Woah. Was it reported?
Oh man. But I don’t want to get circumcised 
I have no idea but I want to see more
Wow the things I want to do to that body and the thing I want it to do to me
What makes them different in how they work other than the use they’ve had
Oh I want to be him
Let me know how it works out it was around 120 when I did it
PM me a screen shot
What does it say about the warranty.
Put your serial number here


https://checkcoverage.apple.com/gb/en/;jsessionid=tHMphJsd6CwQBJlgxG2l4Ywzn4qFhsgYCVHpRQkJnvqb5jKQj2yy!-288780689


It’s apples warranty status page
You paid 1000€ for a 6s??? 
Sometimes you get lucky but I mean if it really bothers you get it fixed if it doesn’t then don’t worry about it. Or you can buy a screen your self and fix it yourself 
Nope. I was out of warrant and was going to pay for the repair. Since they ended borking it. They compt the repair and gave me a new phone. HOWEVER had I been under warranty then yes the repair ultimately would have been at no cost to me
Free since they broke my original phone 
There is a website I used for my 6s. I don’t know what the rules here about unlockig a phone that is still being financed. Lisa from mobile tech review made a sponsored video about recently though. I highly recommend it  
Cache. When’s the last restore?
I had mine fixed at the store. First they just changed the screen because of a blown out speaker and no one noticed it until the brought it out.  They then changed the screen and broke the logic board connector so they replaced the phone the second phone was the same so they brought out another phone. 
Hahaha you nearly adopted the notifications. I was born in it. 
https://i.imgur.com/91cp1uu.jpg

This is basically the same setup I have had since iOS 4
That I would imagine is a correct assumption
Northern Ireland has the same thing
A digital frontier
I once woke up in a hotel just down past croydon. We started to drink in wood green 
Still don’t understand was the room not being paid for? Were they scheduled to check out? 
I like this. im going to use this one day.
The room is his whether he has been there or not. regardless of if has not been in there or not no one should be inside that room other than him.\
where are you flying too?
I won’t judge a man by what they did 20 years ago. That literally a life time. If it were solely for what happened way back then I would totally agree and would say to suck it up.  HOWEVER his continued alleged behavior is what is the problem now. 
Basically the title. 


There are short videos 
Tell that to Kevin Spaceys career 
~~reason~~*

___

**treason**. **FIFY**
The numb is worn down. The tattoo hash I don’t either 
https://youtu.be/6stg2RobEhQ
Yes it will
Where does it say he used it on VZW? THey moved to vzw and wants to sell the Tmobile phone. 
Actually started to use my z10 as my second phone just to have some parody in my day to day.
From experience (WebOS, BB10) no they wont.
That is the unfortunate bit. It is a matter for the FBI at this point. Hopefully this dude gets their money back. 
It seems it was. The start of scam has to be somewhere else. Its just TMobile was the weakest link in this guys life.

Finding out the company that manages that number is also very simple.
I hope you didnt call **THAT** number back but rather 611
Yes it is. Tmobile has a log of what each call was about. If it was notated that a previous attempt at getting access to the account was made then the agent who did the changes gon dun did f up
damn is no one going to comment on how scout slammed that thing to get the case to fold flat?


You should post on r/Ladyboners
Definitely man do you still have the device? I can maybe reference it if I hear anything see if they can help you out 
I just did that. 
I wonder who
They say they can’t. I’ve spoken to about five people already. Samsung is pitching it back Tmobile  
I just called and assurant say it that the iPhones imei is the one they have blocked
Unlocked variant 
That’s the situation I am in Asurant did not block it according to them. Samsung won’t help me they pitch the blame back on T-Mobile 
Samsung.com
Yeah still have the receipts and gifts and everything. Literally happened at around 5 am I saw it too. Suddenly no more lte not texts. I keep getting referred to Samsung about this but Samsung isn’t the network that isn’t allowing the phone to connect. It seems like it’s on tmo side unless it really does work like that but why would Samsung do this?
I am the original owner. 
So did you
A salad of meats maybe
OP isn’t responding here either
I was secretly hoping that Darwinism would kick in
Iron it first. I’m sure despite her current choice she raised you better.  
So since the phone learns your face as it changes sometimes with a bear with other hair glasses, picking your nose, double chin then potentially that could also pose a problem. The learned algorithm could start to accept things like match your face 
Funny how they changed the lyric at the end to things to do
Hey ad me. Magniseum
That worked out perfectly https://i.imgur.com/YXSXYaR.jpg
Woah!
Oh my. 
Wait this is an option? I never new this existed
Is that the guy they used to demo face ID?
What’s the listing
Damn 
I got this earlier https://i.imgur.com/f3fxi0n.jpg
We are witnessing a new meme in the making
You know what they say about happy poop
Basically
Sac area does that count?
Que tanta cobertura de LTE tienes con el 5?
I mean not in humans. But I only interested in human penis so I’m im not going to prove my point
It really is a good thing google is putting focus on that. We can already see what is possible out of this panel. Hopefully the switch to mled will help withe the annoyances of oled 
Mate get Grindr 
Oh my
As far as I understand only the kernel source has to be released. BlackBerry used their own kernel so it doesn’t have to be released. 
I don’t care what display mate says. I have my two devices. 

This argument is really invalidated because you can do both in the note as well. Furthermore regardless of the OS the panel is technically capable of what ever the heck kind of “accuracy” you want it at. Keyword technically.

Point being both devices have their strengths it’s just awesome that they both port a phenomenal display. 
I have the note 8 and the iPhone X. The notes screen is brighter. PERIOD. The iPhone screen is more accurate all around. The Note screen can be manually adjusted to the type of "accurate" you want i.e sRGB ect.  The iPhone screen suffers from unbalanced lighting displaying grey at low brightness. As does the Note. I don't trust the note when I edit photos I have yest to really feel out the iPhone in that sense. 
To the thread about the worst insult 
I like it like that personally. I don’t like hair that LOOKs like it has product in it
Yeah I don’t even know that guys kids
https://imgur.com/a/K43UU/
That went meta. 
The amount of accents emojis would be unreal 
Yes
Followed @dj_tortilla
I got it free from iTunes and I was in the same situation 
Is it a compliment when a gay man says hey are fucking hot?
The rooster does not say RRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEAAAAEEEHHH   ITS SAYS BAGWAK
I'm listening to tunnel vision by dirty south and 2:50 it starts to sync with the video
no Amelia bedilia
Hmm I can take it. 
Okay where do you want me
https://i.imgur.com/M5BdTUH.jpg me too
You selling it
Nice! Very handsome 
I was on Apollo and I had dent realized this was a r/jailbreak thread and not and r/iPhone thread 
How do you still have that flair. Mine disappeared. 
Hopefully there will be more 
How about when he stops
Did you see what happened to willam for saying something like that. 
I mean was it for you?
Threefiddy
King of my heart oh my. 
Wow he was skinny
oh god la quinta.  used to work at la quinta if it werent for our wifi i would never have service. Norcal isnt much better though. Sprint is way faster in the areas around the capitol
et voila it is there huh learn something everyday. At the Gandolf Malaria i used to work at managment told us never to search on CC but never explained how to do it. Guess they did so, that way when a guest asks we honestly couldnt do that
wait how do you look up by CC on OffKEUI




it verywell could be. I was searching up broken 1st gens to fix mine and i found this
yeah but that one didnt have a sim slot and the one in the image did
YEAHBATIPA!!!

MAKES ME LAUGH


seriously can not understand the verse even though i know what it says
wow I got my note 8 a three days after I pre ordered it. The note 7 owners got dibs and note 7 i got early from tmobile aswell samsung likes getting the devices early its free promotion apple does controlled leaks 
but with a headphone jack

Fast and free apparently
I miss mine. It won’t charge anymore. Something about the glass on those devices looks nicer to the new ones
You actually look like one of those Disney channel stars
Nice!!! What’s the insta
I would think the acidity would kill the bacteria else evolution fucked up a cross several species 
There's an app for that
Damn. Haha hmm I might make it a road trip then 
Hey can you help me get an iPhone X
Yes but they don't charge or put a hold on the card. 
Life took its natural course, obviously 
I want them stronger I wonder is there is a way to make them as strong as a home button press
I need to feel this. 
It's edited to make a black phone look white 
the thing is said company is still repairing this boards. I had one that had the same fault three times twice last year AND all three times were out of the normal warranty period 
go to your phone app and scroll to the top of the contact section. your number is there. now remove your sim and the number disappears.
the number is in the internal memory of the sim 
The public can walk
what is that logo

it definilty is. Im actually looking forward to staying tomorrow at a property that looks like one of the 2016 presidential candidates logo ive been sleeping on an air mattress for a month now
take the sim out and put in antoher phone the sim will still have the pervious owners number
yes thats the only real time it would work. 
thats...not alot of messages

just a disclaimer for everyone posting hey siri doesnt work on his device
whats with the phone around the camera
you can set it to a whole host of things so longs as its within reason and iphone related-

*EDIT* used to be able to. I used to have an iphone &plus 128 on ios iphone os 1
These have never before been activated right?
[i think these people took that sponge bob episode and thought it applied to real life](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/KvskYJFSOgo/maxresdefault.jpg)
Holy crap I want
Probably unrelated but all my work data connections failed. And to be honest all the terminals for the entire corporation world wide didn’t work. Everything went back up at around 140
its more like justice done to OP. after suffering with guest with bad behavior and grinding through them the Front Desk Overlord deliver OP a guest that doesn't throw a fit and is polite
hahahahaha i used to work at as a RES agent at a very Historic MaldorK Malaria. There were only 8 of us and we completely sold out all of november. Us and the sales team pushed november HARD for events and reservations. That is the slowest time for us because the golf courses are in maintenance so we get no golf rev which acounts for 50% of the money comming in. before i left there were three days left that were not OS because of scheduling. 
I mean technically... you can have wifi without internet.... *Dont^kill^me*
ha the concierge at the old property i worked at does this with ties and belts except its 100 dollars
now, now. you need to use your luxury language *Kindly, Fuck Off*
hmm we have a travel program for the employees based on our customer rewards program should an employee be unreasonable we have the autority to revoke their privilages. since they are representing their property to us we can call their manager and explain the situation. I mean we arent going to be petty but at the same time we do expect you to be as pleasent to us as we are to you
Do you work in san antonio because that sounds like the quests i would get around the LACANT area
Funny im the NA for the [hotel brand] for how stupid out system is sometimes they make NA really really easy
the internet never seizes to amaze me
unyeilding-martin odonnel
is that why you were using at 4?
two of my iphones have been replaced 3 times because of this. i dont know what causes this one my mom uses and the other i use but i dont have that problem my the one she is using does.
how is ios11 working out for you? any new bugs you notice?
seems a bit much to be honest maybe in another 4 years as a collector item.

What do you plan on using them for?
how do you feel now? what os is the old one?
how much were they i wonder if i can get one
Black devices are the newest batch with more glue. Silver editions are really luck of the draw because of previous stock
Lucky you. Ive been waiting a week for my advance replacementents to come in 
Battery life the sole reason
Still don’t know where all those keys went
Per the beginning of my comment 
Its the same site they use in store actually they scan it with their iphones though a qr code and then they swype a card.

the weird thing is only old phones show up z30 sgs6 non of laste years flagships not even the v20
>Are you able to return the 7+ to T-Mobile in order to stop future installments?

if you want that to happen you need to use the carrier upgrade program
technically you can but the person helping you has to really want to help you get the device it takes a who hour longer but....


1. Make sure all phones actually work
2. The agent will groan at you as they have a line to get through
3. start process use your card get the phone appraised and accept.(wipe the device put in the box they give you get your gift card
4. Cancel everything. At this point the phone belongs to the third party that you "sold" your phone to and will not give it back.

5. Repeat untill you have all your devices sold. 

6. Get the iPhone you want and pay for it with the cards

I did this with my 6s- i traded a nexus 6, galaxy note 5, iphone 5s.
The person who helped me was my friend 
i had two 1st gen nanos replaced in london. I also had my macbooks battery replaced. I go EU compliant Nanos effectively with the orange volume label. My friend got her phone 5 replaced there too and it was also a european model. Her phone was unlocked att version. 
KeyOne - great hardware beautiful battery life
Note 8 - elegant hardware astounding camera

I miss the 1020
I tried windows but I broke my m8 and the other devices weren't really that appealing to me
I did for a second. Haha 
https://www.mbusa.com/mercedes/vehicles/model/class-CLA/model-CLA45C4#!layout=/vehicles/model/specs&class=CLA&model=CLA45C4&waypoint=model-specs



Well I mean it’s inline but still four cylinder
Mercedes-Benz CLA45 AMG makes close to it. 
Personally i have had one foot in apples house one in googles and I shake blackberrys hand when I come through his door. Every platform has its strengths. 
Yeah the screen isn’t much bigger than the 5(S(SE)) diagonally the phone is tall but the keyboard does take one third of the front
Dude just stop your arguments are fueled by pedantics an overwhelming sense of superiority over trivialities. You really want to compare  a cybersecurity companies algorithms for image processing to that of an artificial intelligence enterprises? Point being both companies brought excellent hardware to the game which is just half of it. 
Not to the same sophiscation but the there is constant optimisation to the software
It's much easier to get 400 horsepower out of a 5.0 v8 than it is  a 2.0 v4. Get good hardware and combine it with optimised software.  The sensor both KEYone and Pixel use is Awesome so the rest is on the software. 
Get the Keyone has the same sensor as the original pixel If you're looking for cameras and a keyboard  
I wouldn't get that one. Get the Keyone. That phone is discontinued 
Yes but is this concept art or just another artists work
What is th sources for this
Happy birthday man! Super hot
From warm to blue
That....actually somehow makes sense 
Home https://imgur.com/gallery/bfFMO
Awesome
What does the tat say
Just fire them as a customer. 
Palm Springs area checking in. I can relate
That was a beautiful mix for British and southern slang
How did you get the phone 
Blackberry keyboard 
I use navbar app changes the color of the Jav bar to the app and gives me an equalizer when I'm listening to music 
Both look dissatisfied with the situation 
I read that in trumps voice some reason
so whos the dad?
oh my god this is my cousin
A genuine chuckle came out of my body because of you stranger. 
See i get all that and i just dont like his videos. meh apples and oranges
Blackberry Pearl

Blackberry Bold 

Blackberry 10 series - dont believe me? look at iphone X, peek and pop, and the corporate and enterprise markets
Nokia N8

Nokia N95,97

Palm PRE-seriously if the iphone was 7 years ahead PRE was the PREcursor of all phones here on out starting with BB10 meego and maemo

Pantech C300

Moto Razr V2,3

Moto Droid

Helio OCEAN- ahead of the game as far as connectivity

Samsung Gear - a watch but a phone - dont beleive me what is apple doing with the Series 3

HTC HD2 

HTC Hero

but the one they use is a cover right? im wondering if it is a cover and its by the same artist then who is it
I see an 8 box not a jet black box
This kills the user
sinnerman is awlays addictins as is nina simone
they used the same singer in both videos right? i want these versions of the songs
Come to la cantera one day. You’ll have a great time honestly. I think San Antonio is pretty liberal too. I thought lcr was when I worked there. 
To be honest it’s gross when anyone is doing it. But god forbid someone did that with a straight couple. 
I do it all the time. It’s so hard to tell the gays from the straights. It’s almost like gay people are normal people. 

No but seriously I try to be but more inconspicuous if that the right word, confirming all the room details. I can’t tell you the number of times Expedia has fucked up the reservation or honestly user error the meant to book ad two queen not a one king because me and coworker here are here for a company retreat
He is a public fan of BB. He still uses it I think his q10 note sure if he got the keyone
Quite
Bulging
The thirst is real 
Just the tip baby
Ah. Then you’re absolutely correct
It’s does still just not with the consumer market Ie you and I 

More like 7


Two versions of the torch
Z10 
Z30 
Leap 
Priv kinda 
DTEK 50
DTEK 60
And now motion 
Anywhere you there is better hardware. It’s the combination that works for you that matters. The keyone is the best hardware for me when I want a road warrior my note for when I want a media production device and iPhone for consumption 
Dude you remind me of L from the Netflix version of DeathNote both you and him super cute. 
Blackberry jumped ship a while ago. They license their brand to tick who builds android devices. Keyone was their first real non beta test phone Motion is be their second. 
Wow. I remember readying this when you posted it. This is incredible 
De nada sometimes it’s hard to keep up with this kind of stuff
Sprint is CDMA- ATT and TMO are GSM
CIN AUUU MIN EEE UUMMMMM
whats the power source to the chargers? what are the brick models. if they are not fast chargers connected to fast wireless chargers there is your issu
What car do you have
At first I thought it was the kid from stranger things 
Very lucky
Wikitel 
Care to join me.  Or have you anything better to do
He is yummy 
Oh behave. Yeah baby
Careful those words my cause... a flood
So that’s why reach then. 
You’re at 121 doing my part to keep you at 117
Life after the collapse was tough
"XNU is an acronym for XNU is Not Unix." Favorite part. 
BAM!
What device is this
Why??
Ugh I just want to go there and clean that all up with my mouth and swallow it
If you pop the sim into a phone that supports it you can get their number and if it's linked to their Facebook you can find it that way or wait a couple hours and then call that number
Reddit the only place where beer, physics the process of capturing light by means of a photosensitive panel called a camera are spoken about in a comprehensive fashion 
The hospitality industry 
I would have been fired on the spot and I would have had to fire you on the spot.  I work in an industry where we are required to kiss ass. 
I still don't see the correlation 
If you were gay man
Although I differ in opinion I respect yours. I think it looks nice. A bit incoheicive but very nice. 
Instructions unclear. Penis is inside the donut which is now jelly filled. 
Didn't the series 1 edition have the red button 
Those poor ducks 
never go full sprint
so much wasted space
A proper justice boner if I ever did see one
well neither was the Leap
Yes
dti dti du dti - dti dti du dti -- imagine that song being played on a kazoo 
Not sure why I'm being down voted. Seriously Microsoft has done that three times WP7 WP8 and no WM10 basically
Thanks for that I have the same thing
How did you get the antenna bands black
Got an email from Samsung this sunday that the device has shipped. But no tracking info from UPS?
Who's platform will be abandoned in two years
Reminded me of the Nissan Maxima 
You are braver than the rest of us. Fear tells us your human. 
The soundtrack to this song should be Strange Attractor by animal kingdom. Coincidentally it was playing while I saw this photo
he is a straighbro though. He's donating all add revenue to help Houstonites through a christian charity
Hahahahaha and the resort I work at bought 10 of these to have in each one of our outlets. What a waste of money and they can't even get a proper hot meal as an employee 
My future ex boyfriend 
Is east whiteland like East L.A. But for white people?
Is that him
I put two in my card and it let my get the gifts twice and the phone with the deal twice. it was by accident though. I didn't want it twice I was just singing to unidays
Oh dude I've been so out of the loop
This is for security updates. 
Woah. I had no idea! I really thought it progressed because of the art then the music then artist started to make modern music with the 80's style i.e. Kavinsky and college 
See and I like synthwave it stemmed from this music
I miss living in the uk
In another ten years the green bits will totally engulf the top part of the shirt
Just get it from BBm. Better off anyways. don't have to worry about financing a phone and your bill is smaller every month. Unless your like me and you have 2 phones financed on one line plus you bought a Keyone And a note 8 unlocked. Then your just throwing money away
WE ARE. And We I don't think we've bothered getting it from TMo because getting OS updates is very important to us. TMo was never really great with just greenlighting security updates on the priv
That makes sense. confused me a little saying he was forced to buy at note 4 though?
yeah It asks for the email and the Samsung account as well. 
You all sound like fighter jet calling out their signs and status
Jessica Jones is not amused. 
Wait will the unlocked version be exynos 
I'm so confused. Did you get the money off or not?
Sell it on the street I have a mint v20 too Sam boat I'm not trading it in though I owe more then what the trade in is. I'll just pay it off and have it as a backup 
Why is mail....&shit like that when you have shoppin & shit
You look nice
I wonder if the same hack works to give you unlimited listening after they stop the free listening 
I think this case is closed.
Palm PRE and Pixie
how is this a deal alert?
or like webos These two operating systems were way ahead of their time
Register and copyright that shut just like op
Twelfth registered. 
Is bodycodes in this??
Oh. Um im sorry for your loss
If they had this for the 5s I would get it or even the se
It doesn't. Not that I'm aware
Why wouldn't you recommend it
That's what I'm going to do as soon as the note 8 or iPhone 8 debut
And this is a story about how my Frame got flipped turned upside down
Ducking hot!!!
Hahaha I'm glad I'm not the only one I'm on my 5th replacement unit each one has had either camera or screen failures. With my priv when that had the over heating issues they offered me a s6 on my first exchange. Now they just keep on the same device 
Reading this makes me rage. How could anyone do this. But people do this All over the world. The lack of value for life these people have and the people who they want to have memorials to is sickening. He deserves life not death. Life alone. No sun light now contact no sound just alone. 
Now I can use this on my keyone and actually use that pixel camera
Sure BBM pin is 462727D
Is it weird that in my head I'm saying 

"Yup that's something I'd do"
god damn it
That's... yeah... that's... that's a little scary. You want to look away but you just can't. 
Would you mind sending to America? 
Fuck me man!
He is a moccasinst
I calculated everything I said. Its a great skill I have now. I can make people belive anything. I've been hiding something about myself all my life from the people the gave me life. Either they are dimwits or have lead me on to believing then didn't know when in fact they did. 
Where in Texas I'm in San Antonio 
So that's where the matrix sound track comes from
Comcast vs it's customers
Waldorf astoria to what ever Marriott has
copy paste
you meant reddit
webOS was really ahead of its time if this concept were to come true
webOS was really really ahead of its time if this turns out to be the next iOS
without the shadow it almost looks photoshopped
total drowner
That's probably the least dick way to do this. 
Now kiss
Abridged pretty much summed this all up last episode too. The running gag of piccolo caring more for Goten that goku
And palm springs

Gravitational rotation 
Tectonic modification. 
"Best I could Google for ya" FIFY. 
More like we're not making any money off the headphone jack. Let's make out out proprietary connection port be the only way to listen to music wired. And we will make company's pay for each thing they want to use the port for. 
There are tones more. 
That was my first year in San Antonio at first I thought that my car is paint would be worn off by the sandstorms of the desert before it would get dented because of the hail.  now my A b and c pillars  beyond no riddled with dents my windshield has divots where the wipers don't actually touch the glass. I live now in California again and my insurance didn't cover the damage 
true but then you realize he is like 15
When he grows up.
fight me.
Here here. My battery inflated and cracked my display the phone that apple gave me is on iOS 10.3
Wait wouldn't the image have to be upside down?
Cute. Long time no see
I read that with all the inflexions in his voice
ios2 its running a theme that released during that time I don't know the name of it but that theme was really famous I think it started with an I the theme had over 1500 icons eventually
I fixed my sisters by letting it die and opened it and attatched and detached the connecor
nope this is pre ios 11
[You!](http://weknowyourdreams.com/images/angry/angry-04.jpg) I have been so mad a you for years!! I loved the game. The only one that could keep my attention for more than 2 minutes at a time and it never was updated to more recent updated iOS!!

Amazing game! can wait for the update. Ill pay for that game again if you upgrade the Tier. This game brings back so many memories! Thank You!


how? how did you destroy the device that it was a good thing you took out the sim card?
Yes, just no band 12. Depending on your location you will miss it what the SQW?
Ive had this issue before. I this Q10 a warranty replacement? Get an rep that you can email. You will need a paper trail to be able to fight this if the unlock codes kill your unlockablilty. which is what happed to my z10. They ended up doing a warranty exchange but that was in 2014 I'm sure this device is well past the warranty.
Wow super cute
Millimeters. You heathen. 
What is blackberry known for? Security. You can't bypass that. Get his bbid and password
I wonder what would happen if they actually put the transmission into full reverse in some of the shot and it didn't destroy it
no. You cant reactivate a sim card
I completely missed this
I want to know too
Muhchaytey read in MrRegulars corvette Z06 so fancy voice
I imagine they will
It's the screen I'm on my fifth replacement unite from tmobile right now. This is the most agrivating thing. I'm paying so much for this phone only for to be linke this. I will post a photo in a bit http://imgur.com/HCoq5aQ
I have Bluetooth problems. My phone automatically answers call using the watch as the receiver. I even if I answere it from the phone
I miss these stairs especially in londons Russel square. Leg day all day man
Because we take them RAW!
God that username is just as bad as kjiji.com
I hope you don't I don't want mishandled soap 
Let's not forget the 13th one who sacrificed himself
hahah paltry I live in palm springs its been up the 120s this week
R/outrun kind of
Yeah but it is it thunderbolt compatible. Because my vga port needs a dongle for that. 
Fucking adorable man
I mean do you sit on that? Do you squat or lay? Help me out here. 
As am I I'm actually using the KEYone right now. The ones on the bottom are q10s
Cute
Ah nope. BIS was required from os 7 down. We've come a long way you've not kept up
Dude I have my laptop from 2009 it's gone through three eBay 10 dollar batteries I don't use it as much it's more as a media server now but it runs. The hard drive is the same 5400 rpm from when it was new. Sure I've moved on I have a surface pro 3 and a 2014 MacBook Pro but that's it. Even that hardware is more than 3 years old. The MacBook at least I can change the battery and suplemento the limited drive space with a external device. But I'm not going to go out and replace this hardware just because something new and shiny is out there now. Once I can't use the surface for what I need it for it will be relegated to be video machine or a workstation for my sisters homework. And then I'll move on that that 10 year old Toshiba will probably still be used as my media server. It is an extreme case but I ain't about that shut up and take my money life every next big thing. 
Rounded rectangles with buttons askew
There's a "D" notice placed. Any news outlet is basically officially told not to report specific parts of the events. The figure is at about the triple digits
Looks like that girl that's always with mr mancuso 
What a wasteful way of thinking. 
Good on you for taking care of your family
Did the bezels get smaller
It literally rings when you get a phone call by default
This just like too much man. 
All those blackberrys and yet they don't sell them in store
Hey I think they sell the surface version of that
Why does that look so much like the iOS keyboard
Red lane is for faster moving vehicles in California. 
I live in a place where outside is 120 degrees how well do do these electronics handle the heat inside a vehicle where it might get 100 degrees hotter than outside 
Pm sent 
Because if he played basketball he’d play for the clippers. 
For the butthole?
Priv is almost eol get the dtek 
And edgy phase
Look at my App Store 
It can’t always just be email http://i.imgur.com/vlQIB9A.jpg 
Oh man if that bothers you  http://i.imgur.com/D2vbyEm.jpg 
so uh the antenagate thing was just hooha?
Fully baked
Very tronesque
Woot woot nice to meet you
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious
pm'd
For a minute I was confused with the cobalt and the bronz
Hey how do you have a cobalt classic 
She is incredibly beautiful to be honest
A few years ago I posted about how I wasted a day being drunk and oblivious at the missed opportunity to see the kindness of people at in Trafalgar square now I wonder with all this chaos wether its worth it to stay sober. 
With the fire department? Yes. Especially Mr. December
Now do one with aiden
For a second I wasn't paying any attention and that came up. It was utterly creepy
Artist retrospective continuous mix by silk music 
Where the sidewalk ends and the road begins
We said goodbye on a cold dark night
I'm not afraid to go you bet I'm not
Where the side walk ends, you left a lot
Call customer care
Do a warranty replacement. Who is your carrier
How much for the us docj and the rca dock
Pretty soon if everything goes to plan sprint will be TMobile 
How can you tell
Kind of look like Andrew from buzzfeed
How useful was any of that after hs? A lot of my class mates went into ib but my dad decided to keep me in ap 
How cute
That is a beautiful mixture 
What seller was this
Congrats dude
To be honest you're actually quite cute
I don't understand why its not
Yeah it did thanks mate
Oh my god yes
Hey you gonna keep it?;)
Got it
says I am missing msvcp100.dll
So the Microsoft Surface Pro Next then, right...
Anyone else think dave2d is really cute
Yeah but turn around. 
What is not justice but a socially accepted revenge
there are those of us who give a damn and are in a position to it. Other time there are those who dont and wont. wether it was too harsh or not enough its how the system works. These people who deliberated felt enough to give the verdict that they did. They CARED enough to make and example of the person, maybe in or maybe not in honor of those who didnt get the justice they deserved. Either way, at least the system worked this time. 
wait i dont see it
Clïchë
My house was never so clean until...
Lock picks
Coachella valley syndrome, it's a 120F outside but it's nice in the winter


To that effect Coachella syndrome are you going?
Kinda like San Antonio syndrome. 
https://img.buzzfeed.com/buzzfeed-static/static/2015-08/10/16/enhanced/webdr04/enhanced-2409-1439239987-7.jpg
I live the cove and it is still awfully slow
My guts
Pablo Hernandez I love him
Just get a square trade warranty on it
No it's the pineapple 
Group Therapy Above and beyond
Oh my....denis? DENNIS COME LOOK HERE!
See I make my own ringtones. Sometimes I have the futurama them going on with benders let's go already as my text the intro bells as my ringtone and hipnotoad as my FaceTime. Right now I have hacker by Johnny jewel or quotes from fluffy like oh the vultures are here or dbz abrigdged
Like how old blackberry lol I'm just asking cause this is the new blackberry
http://i3.mirror.co.uk/incoming/article9919412.ece/ALTERNATES/s615/KEYone_09_onBlack.jpg
It's looks more like a mouth 
For a second I thought you said autistic
All this extra traffic is kinds making things slower for us locals lol I'm glad they at least brought more equipment to deal with this
Looks like not right now http://imgur.com/s4QArl9
Doode I love the Z definitely got a good deal on that!! I've wanted one since they came out. I wanted the thin one I don't know which one it is though. I'm loving this surface. I have a question I'll text you about it privately. 
Traded iPhone 7 with surface pro 3 with /u/antisouless
Who ever got that iPhone better take care of it lol
What versions
Right?
It's not even that bad. 
Depends on what kind of group we're talking about here. Like a gang type of group?
Yeah moving from San Antonio to California the fucking 10 5 3 rule just fucks me over 
Alternate facts
Instead of bullet time it's going to be called cumtime brings a whole new meaning to QuickTime 
How can you tell?? I've seen so many post and neve r know what y'all are looking for 
Ehh Macarena 
That moustache makes him quite attractive actually
Them kids and their shifty trends
Biga Dong
They don't spend money on lawyers. 
Yum
Risky click 
No he got in
That's right, man. I got in.
What did they look like? Ships? Motorcycles? Were the circuits like freeways? 
No I didn't. Where?
Oh that would be amazing thanks so much dude!
Hmm couldn't find anything
(https://www.tumblr.com/search/marcus%20wrench)[apparently tumblr seems to like the idea] I readlly want to see that video
strange  enough I would love to see a romance between these two
Ah man don't any that he will be made illegal in in Russia for looking like slightly gay Putin
So uh... so it is...

Hey bob come here. Hey watch this.
Great...thanks for getting this one started...
It's all about having the courage
How can you tell them apart 
He touched the butt
So the Belkin charge and listen to music dongle with the lighting to 3.5m headphone jack dongle 
are you serious??
Audible.com dudd
Trade pending 
Hey how can we get in contact for the trade
Yeah man I would totally be up to for let's talk in the morning it's half past midnight guy here 
Yeah I know lol I didn't want the i7 because of that. I had both I returned the i7 for the i5 then I smashed the i5 on a flight from London. I miss it. 



7
Hey I'll trade you for and iPhone matte black 128
They both will once unlocked the vzw is factory unlocked 
Jesus I had my sound at full volume
If you ordered it most likely not. If you bought it in that store then yeha
What is this
Ah alien lube saved me from that 
Put that shit in a empty trash can and put that can outside and step away. 