One is objectively a shitty racist value with no place in the west. No different than religious fundamentalism.

At the end of the video he goes into some of the extremes his mom is willing to put him through because of his choices.
She looks a little south east Asian too, mixed probably?

She is way outside his league too.
Why not get his regular IF? Season is almost over.
The problem with packs is that only a few players are even remotely playable at this point of the game, so if you don't get a tots or high rated special card all cards are only good for SBC or discard.

Power creep is way too big in fifa.
Yeah my team before getting ready for tots had firmino, Kaka, Jesus up front, with Fabinho and Talisca in the midfield and toty alves and SIF Telles supplying the crosses.

All of these players are either tall, or have high jumping with good header and volley stats. Jesus is surprisingly good in the air.
The technique is fine, I can do a short cross to the striker or a long cross to the far post without getting intercepted. The problem is the positioning and I play all brazilian, so my options are PTG William in the right wing (might try the Brazilian tots RW that came out yesterday), and IF Costa or Neymar in the left.

My problem with wide formations for crossing is that full backs are generally much better at crossing than wingers, and central players are much better at receiving crosses.

41212 wide is decent but it leaves you too exposed, and I don't have the players to make 4231 work with crossing.
442 has the same problem.

The best formations for crossing are 41212 and 5212.

Full backs are generally a lot better at crossing than wingers.
My problem with this formation (and all other wide formations) is that crosses go to wingers instead of the ST the majority of the time.

Most wingers suck at receiving crosses, so it doesn't really work for me as that's the basis of my play.
Any thoughts where fabinho will settle? I want him but not for 400k, I was hoping he was gonna drop to 200k or less.

Mean while picked up Fernando for 37k, very good card so far.
Also twice as usable.
I've always had better results with fruit. Way more carbonation and it doesn't overpower the booch (the second point is subjective but I like it better with fruit.

I only use a bit 25-50g per 500ml bottle when I use fruit, or 100-150ml of juice per 500ml bottle.
The flair is $159, and I agree with the grinder piece. But it's a far cry from having to spend $1000+ to get great espresso.

With proper technique you can get as good shots as with any machine, but you have a lot more control over the variables.
Flair espresso machine.
Have you tried the onhub or Google wifi? Pretty quick set up process.
I mean one has 200M people the other 10M.
So he paid a 19 year old 18k for a month of work? 

It might be reasonable if that price also covers other expenses like insurance, equipment, etc but I highly doubt it was a flat out wage or it was essentially a donation/gift.
You can disagree with his policies, I do too, but no reason to attack the person or his family. He was a dignified president, even if he made choices I don't agree with.
Racism.
Trump is on track to double it again.
Why the fuck is there a banner on my front page for this shit?
Thats not carbonara.
Thats not carbonara.
I'm a big fan of their blonde espresso, had a blonde latte and it was very good.
I'm more annoyed by the filter than the egg.
RIP your teeth without fluoride.
You guys are about to enter a whole new world with the backbone of your team again.

I think real is in a better position than Bayern, as far as renovating the squad, and you guys are doing the right moves but at the same time I feel like the next two seasons are really going to be a make it (continue to be a powerhouse) or break (lose some of that dominance) period.
Yeah I'll take photos of the whole process.
Ursula stuck the morning!

Edit: contexto https://goo.gl/images/ai1woi
Immigration for the most part is self selecting. It takes a certain type of individual to leave everything behind and start over in a foreign place. Not all are good of course, but typically immigrants are not the people from the bottom of the barrel.

There are metrics to back this hypothesis up, like the percentage of immigrants that start companies in the US.
Its 5 year green card and then apply for citizenship right? Applications through marriage are usually relatively quick (under a year).
Also drink tap water to get fluoride.
You should drink a ton of tap water if you're not using a fluoride toothpaste.
One tube of tooth paste lasts well over a month or two (never really kept track but it's rare for me to buy new toothpaste) brushing my teeth at least twice a day.
I'm about to start second fermentation, I'm thinking about doing it on an open jar so it doesn't build CO2, and then moving it to the nitro keg and let it pressurize overnight. Do you have any recommendations or scenario you'd like to test?


I'll make a post with the results in a separate post.
You guys level way too fast. Took my friends and I three months to get through a first book of a pathfinder campaign, and we were level 3 or 4 at the end.

I played in a group that leveled every session and IMO it's way way too fast, you lose a lot of interesting low level play and can yet away without planning.
2-3 double shots of espresso a day or 500-750ml of frenchpress or pour over coffee a day.
What is one monopoly that has emerged without the help from the government itself? There are very feel examples, mostly limited to natural monopolies which are regulated.
I have a nitro keg and might give it a try.
Just wait for house keeping to bust you through.
That makes no sense the -inho prefix is mostly used in Brazil, and the last brazilian to win was Kaka over 10 years ago.
IMO they aren't doing anything too sofisticated, they infrastructure probably can't handle things like that, given that there are some obvious limitations with large data (only your active squad recovers fitness, the delay on updating action results, etc).

IMO they have fixed weighs on packs, and take a look at volume, player activity, etc retroactively to tweak the weights, but I doubt it's done in real time.
Similar story line in F for Family.
There are better third party alternatives. When my charger crapped out, after destroying my MacBooks speakers, I bought a third party charger that has a USB port on it.

Better design, hasn’t shorted my computer yet, and much cheaper.
Finding a tax revenue optimization curve that doesn’t change would be the holy grail for Keynesian economics.

There has been attempts to estimate it, but they are not universally accepted in economics, range widely (is the optimal rate 35% or 70%), and they are limited to very specific time periods.

The only thing that most economists agree is that we haven’t reached the peak yet, so an increase on marginal tax rate would increase tax revenue.

It’s safe to say that anyone that bases their argument strictly on the Laffer Curve doesn’t know much about economics, or is purposely trying to deceive.

Ultimately optimizing your tax rates for tax revenue is non sense anyway, and about as anti capitalist as it gets.
You guys have been failing very badly at renewing the squad. Is coman the only viable winger? He is good but not in the same level as prime ribery.
Laffer curve is just a thought experiment it doesn't really mean anything beyond if you tax people at 0% you won't get any tax revenue, and if you tax people at 100% you won't get any either because people won't have a reason to work.

We have no idea what the actual curve looks like, we don't know where the center is, how many peaks it has, or anything that would be remotely practical outside of the two extreme points.

Tldr; no one takes the laffer curve seriously.
3v2 situation, he was expecting a cross.
I use a Akitio node pro, and a 1060. Each was around $200-300. 
$200k is upper class in most places on the US, and middle class in a few places like DC, NYC, Boston, and the Bay Area.
Not when you account for the metro area.

Arlington, fairfax, Montgomery, Loudoun, Falls Church, are all within the metro area with 100k+ median household income.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_highest-income_counties_in_the_United_States

Edit:

To add a bit of context to the answer, those counties also have a larger than average proportion of single income households, which make those median numbers even more ridiculous.
No, when I joined fresh out of college the policy was 15 days vacation + 10 personal/sick days.

All of the others have had similar policies (scaling with tenure), or outright unlimited.
My MacBook pro 15 2016 with dedicated graphics struggles with wmr without my external 1060. I don't think you can run anything beyond the cliff house without an external gpu.

Even then you'd be limited to standard since ultra mode requires a quad core processor.

IMO stay away from macs for wmr, there are tons of issues even with the 15 MBP and external graphics.
Also really depends where you live. I was fortunate to travel a lot for work, leaving a major city like to DC to go to Wichita Kansas or Detroit really helps you get a different perspective.

90k in DC is well below the median income for the area, while it goes a long way in other places.
To be fair the days worked make sense for Germans. Let's say you base line salary is 50k, and you have 10 days of vacation.

If you were to get a 20%, German workers are usually better off with more time off because of higher taxes than taking a direct salary increase.

And also some industries in the US have better policies. I've never worked for a tech company that didn't offer at least 25 days off, or had an unlimited vocation policy.
How do you do that? The absolutely cheapest meat I can find runs for $1.29/lb, and veggies outside of staples are not that much cheaper either. 

At $2.85 a day each of your meals are less than $1. Only way I can see that happening is if you only eat rice and beans and buys veggies in bulk.
They get like that with time in my experience. Especially if you leave it out for a few weeks with just starter tea.
Couldn't Isco fill a similar role as Firmino or is that more of a Benzema replacement?
60mbps is fine, and just above average in the US. I'm lucky to live in an area with fiber so I pay $70 for 910mbps.

Recently I had friends over to play some games and everyone was ready to go in 10 minutes because we could downlad 20gb games in less than 5 minutes.
All of this is hindsight, Roma dominated the game for the first 30 minutes. Liverpool couldn't keep possession and Roma had two good chances.

When Liverpool finally started switching sides and then playing a long ball was when they changed the tide.

Basically Liverpool was able to adapt to Romas effective pressure, but it took roma well into the second half to figure out what they were doing.

Also Liverpool made a big mistake by letting roma control possession when they were up hoping Roma would play like city.
What? That's about as good as well to gets, the bubbles are a sign of carbonation and it's very clear (although that doesn't really matter).
Yeah so does mine, he weighs 20 pounds, plays fetch, and licks. Outside of his obsession with boxes he is a dog.
He will be fine, when he wins the world cup this year he will hardly remember the champions league.
Yeah without a doubt he had a bad spell, and so did the rest of the team. But they got over it pretty quickly.
Para cada símbolo desse existe um engraçadinho tentando burlar as regras.
Yeah especially since they haven’t had one in a while, was just pointing out that 7% yearly annual increase is not common.
7% is a very good annual raise, it’s certainly not the norm. The median raise is closer to 3%.
Milnerinho is Brazilian now.
Argentinean soccer player.
Living in a place with a small kitchen, or when places have no photos of the kitchen and describe it as spacious.
If only they allowed us to upgrade to the premium service.. I'd gladly fork over $15/month for spotify + Hulu without commercials.
Hulu with ads, which made me hate the service and I'm cancelling.

I wouldn't watch Hulu with ads even for free.
Two goals and an assist so far, he will get another special card.
Adicionando a resposta, aqui as pessoas acima de 65 tem um plano do governo (Medicare), e de baixa renda tem o Medicaid.
Na minha companhia só oferecem dois, um tem o deductible mais baixo, e outro é tipo uma poupança com o deductible maior e a empresa contribui um tanto por ano. Eles custam quase o mesmo.
If you use fresh fruit you can skip the sugar for carbonation. Fresh fruit produces a lot more carbonation than juices.
Depende muito do plano e nem sempre 100%. Meu plano é relativamente bom, pago $160 por mês e a empresa coloca mais $200, mesmo assim eu tenho que pagar $2,000 do meu bolso antes do seguro começar a pagar (esse valor renova todo ano).

Uma ida ao hospital da mais de $2,000 fácil.

Alguns planos tem esse limite bem mais alto (5 a 10mil), e isso encima do custo mensal do plano.

O plano cobra visitas de rotina também, e acho que uma visita ao emergency room.

Antes do Obama care muitas pessoas não tinham plano.
Not get rid of the military, but stop treating it as a jobs and welfare program for defense contractors.
Talisca for pretty much everything, Giuliano has better dribbling though.
Yeah the tattoo and club are shit but they do have a nice jersey.
Why not just get a mokka pot or French press? It takes minimal effort and much better results than kcups.

Alternatively a espresso machine but those will cost $300-500+ a decent grinder.
Also setting the game to medium instead of fast, and being transparent about momentum.
Or xbox that has a better market :P
Best cards would be futmas fabinho and if Allan.

If you don't mind switching in game then Alex Sandro at LW and TOTY Marcelo ar LB switching to a narrow formation and moving Marcelo to CDM.
I took it in 2009 or so.
Last year you could get a player like Taison for 100k. If taison gets a tots this year the card would be similar to sane but less physical and 4/4* I believe.
Why not just make coffee for the caffeine? A cappuchino is about 1oz of concentrated coffee (80-100mg of caffeine) and 3oz of milk.

You're probably getting vitamins from the rest of your stack anyway, and coffee has a lot of side benefits in addition to caffeine.
Thats what I'm drinking now, and damn it's the best tasting coffee I've ever had. Quality beans and it's roasted down the street in the same day.
I'm in falls church, if I want to get to the city it's usually a $5 metro ride or a $12 lyft. But I also have to either bike or drive to the metro and pay for parking. So generally it's just not worth it, especially if traveling with multiple people.
When I took AP art history it had the lowest passing rate of any AP test. My entire class (20 students) only had one passing grade (3) but it wasn't enough for most colleges to give credit.
Yeah sometimes I crave KFC but it's hit or miss. Either very good juicy chicken or burnt coal. I go to Bonchons for my fried chicken needs now.
The only Arby's I had been to was their flagship in Richmond VA, I thought all of them were like. That Arby's is really nice, clean restaurant and great food with tons of items that are exclusive to that location.

When I moved to DC I realized the others were just dumpy shitholes.
MD is pretty good but pricy for what it is. For $8 for a meal I rather go to Chipotle, or the taco joint near my appartment.
Provavelmente não, seria melhor tratado em um hospital de São Paulo do que um do interior do Mississippi.

Sistema americano de saúde está longe de ser capitalista.
LinkedIn in my area is amazing. It's like passive job searching, you basically get to choose which companies are worth your time. But in a sense it's like tinder because most calls lead to nothing.
He is likely to be called for Brazil but won't get much playing time. He competes for a spot with coutinho, William, Douglas Costa (indirectly), and Taison.
His tots might be higher than that because he is bound to get another IF this week. Wouldn't be surprised if his tots was 92 rated.
É o que eu digo aqui nos Estados Unidos. Saúde por aqui é muito comercializada, ao ponto de quando removi meu ciso o dentista me deu um "menu" para escolher a anestesia.

Isso gera muita ineficiência porque os médicos passam remédios caros quando existem genericos, fazem exames desnecessários, e já que ninguém sabe/liga para o preço de nada um ida ao hospital de duas horas já chegou a me custar $15mil.

Essencialmente os EUA tem o pior do sistema de mercado e o pior de um sistema socializando.

Se eu chegar com uma perna quebrada num hospital do SUS vou receber o mesmo tratamento que aqui, mas não vou precisar penhorar minha casa para pagar a conta.
I have that same grinder and never had a problem with noise. SO wakes up before me and I don't hear a thing. Generally I just push down on it to make it quieter.
On one hand copying is bad, on the other hand is not really stealing his audience.

In this case the best outcome would be for her to strike a deal with other creators to reuse their videos in Portuguese. Win win for everyone around.
Then get rid of farm subsidies and the military industrial complex before fucking around with the tax system.

This entire plan was not very well thought out, trumps chief economic advisor is actually against many of the most expensive provisions (pass-though entity tax cut, and estate tax on inheritances above 20M are good examples).
That is not a good squad for the price, maybe Valencia inflating the numbers?
French league Marcelo plays very similar to Naldo and he is even cheaper.
This issue is so widespread that it has to be a design flaw. I hope it causes a recall or another replacement program.
The entire team is very good, but Salah is what brings them to another level.

Edit:

To add to my original post. Salah can carry a team, that's not to say that Liverpool is bad, I mean it in the same sense that Messi and Ronaldo can also carry teams when necessary.

Having a player of his quality elevated everyone else.
Yeah but you guys also got very lucky with Salah.

Everyone knew he was a great player, but not that good and that he would be able to carry the team.

Had salah performed like Lacazzete or Morata, losing coutinho would have been a big blow.
Yeah my issues are the speaker being blown out, touch ID stopped working, and I get kernel panics (forcing the computer to restart) when it goes to sleep (related to dedicated graphics card).

The quality control on these models are awful, and I think the thin wires used for the slim design are to blame. Every reviewer that has taken one apart points out how fragile the wiring is.
Funny enough, that's exactly how PSG played against Bayern in the group stages. Excellent counter attacks made Bayern look lost.
It should be covered under warranty, but it's crazy expensive to repair (I've heard anywhere between 600-800 for out of warranty repairs).

I hope they eventually have a similar replacement program, because it's a very common issue on a $2k+ machine.
Yeah happened to mine a few days after warranty. Left me with a terrible impression of apple laptops L, especially because I'm coming from an XPS 13 which was a fantastic piece of hardware.
Yeah I use the bodum frother, which is essentially a mini frenchpress.
A lot of people are having blown speakers with the touchbar macbook (especially the 15inch), first they blamed boot camp but there are a lot of reports of it happening on macOS.

I plugged my charger in and heard a noise, now the right speaker won't play above 40-50% volume and it's muffled.
I hope they do something similar for the speakers in the touchbar models.
At that point isn't that an afogato?
Yeah I can see it happening if you call up your U18 team, but is that even possible? I thought you had to be signed up to play for the senior team (different contract).

Playing a couple of players out of position can be justified as experimenting, and it's not like they are just throwing the game.

Ederson actually could be a very good defensive midfielder, or maybe even as a target man.
Or as a target man.
Thats a stupid rule and I doubt it would ever be enforced. Ederson could very well be tested as an outfield player, he is very good on the ball.
I was able to connect to SharePoint using the odata connector. Check the documentation for blackbaud, because for SharePoint you had to add something to the URL (it's been years don't remember exactly).

Tableau connected just fine, but odata has some limitions, mainly that you can only get an extract and not a live connection.
I use a small frenchpress to froth the milk. Heat it up in the stove, then add to press and pump it for a minute.

It produces very thick foam and it's enough for 2-3 cappuccinos. It's not the same as a steamer but it works well.
And probably injury himself in the process, leaving him out for the rest of the tour.
Not sure if it's readily available there, but I highly recommend the Flair manual espresso maker.

Produces great drinks, saves on space, and not terribly expensive. The only problems are the lack of milk steamer (obviously), and it's slow to make multiple drinks.
Chrome is so bloated and lacks features. I use Firefox when plugged in, and edge/safari on battery or when just using the laptop screen because of pinch to zoom.
You don’t think that in a few years a pro camera will have multiple sensors or that most of the the gains will be software driven? A dedicated camera will always have better picture quality than a smartphone, but IMO you’ll see multiple sensors in cameras befor you see an increase in sensor size.
Absolutely, there is nothing preventing a future formfactor to emerge. It certainly will not be a smartphone, but I think two or four apcs or four micro four thirds sensors and lens could produce better picture quality than a full frame sensor in a few years from now.
I think we’re on the cusp of multi camera setup + software to outperform one large sensor.

I wouldn’t be surprised if pro cameras in a few years ditched APSC sensors and SLRs for mirror less cameras with multiple sensors.

If we can get impressive results in a smartphone form factor, imagine what the ceiling would be in a purpose made camera formfactor with multiple sensors. 
Most of that team is locked in for tots.
This year a full Mexican team might be viable for WL. It probably won’t challenge elite 3+ but you can build it around tots Lozano and Hernandez.
Sad thing I’m Brazilian but learned how to drive here so I’ve never driven a stick shift. I’m honestly thinking about buying a beater just to learn.
You're right, I forgot he got boosted.
Pretty similar results. All my matches have been high scoring games. I played 20 so far, won 11 all with 5+ goals, and a lot of 6-5 games going either way.
Yaya Toure is also very good
From the players that I have used, Futmas fabinho is also very good, and he is a deceptively decent finisher.

I'd rank IF Fernandinho and IF Paulinho a slight notch below Goretzka but also very good options.

On the cheap beasts category SIF Gustavo is very good as well but too slow to be a true box to box midfielder. Likewise Allan is fantastic defensively but not great upfront.

MOTM Talisca is much better than Goretzka offensively but lacks some defensive stats.
Pretty similar stats as PTG firmino. Anyone uses both and cares to compare them?
Bluetooth 4 is not very taxing on your battery.

Bluetooth imo is almost there, still a pain to manage multiple devices connections, and interference with USB3 sucks but it's much better than what it was just a few years ago.
Lets forget about that one.
Thats straight up the singer Roberto Carlos (https://www.google.com/search?q=roberto+carlos+singer&client=safari&hl=en-us&prmd=vni&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwj9or-h2MnaAhVpuVkKHUKHAKoQ_AUIEygD&biw=375&bih=635&dpr=3)
Don’t pay cash if you can get a low apr loan. Put that money and savings and let the interest pay for it.
$1500 for a one bedroom shared with SO. Pretty much the cheapest apartment inside the DC beltway that’s also not a sketchy area/horrible commute.
Yeah but after reading replies and doing some digging this is something Apple is doing better than Google, and imessages is more secure and private than Chat.
I did some digging and nope, Apple doesn't store your private keys in the server so they can't read your messages. I think this is the main difference between the two system.
Is iMessage e2ee?
R9 is very expensive. There are many different special cards for firmino, his first IF is not that expensive and Kaka was 50-100k player.

At under 50k you can do one of Giulianos or Jonas special cards or get the base card for William or Douglas Costa, all are miles away from Anderson.
I switched between a 60hz and a 144hz and you don't notice the difference on a xbox. So I stick to the 60hz because it's a much nicer 4k panel.

The monitor is so nice that you realize fifa looks like shit.
He is nowhere near as good as the other options.
Firmino easily. Second option outside of icons is Kaka who complements him very well. Just make sure you set him to stay central, press back line, conservative interceptions and you won't notice his shitty stamina.
Crossing and curve are the only ones that matter.
I really like the new badge. Not that the old one was bad, but this is very good example of minimalism and executed well. They have patterns for white letters and black letters, it would be better if they used the white ones in this card.
Num scenario entre Bolsonaro e Ciro fico com o Bolsonaro, mas na verdade os dois seriam um desastre. Pelo menos acredito na incompetência do Bolsonaro, e total falta de capacidade para governar. O Ciro é competente o suficiente para governar e passar reformas para atrasar o Brasil uns 10-20 anos.
Deu uma tristeza do caralho. Moro nos Estados Unidos, e é um saco votar. Com essas opções nem da vontade.
A minha é Nulo > Alckimin > Barbosa > Marina > Bolsonaro > Ciro
They have to replace the whole model, and this will probably get a lot of hate but they have to move to a subscription model.

The hard truth is that they aren't going to make up for the $500M FUT brings if they just sell the game for $60 bucks.

IMO the entry level game should be $60 giving you access to everything but FUT, and FUT is an additional $10 monthly subscription. To bring more revenue they should do add on packs partnering with the leagues. For example for an additional $5-10 you get to stream games directly from FIFA.

These things not only would make the game play to win aby replacing random micro transactions but it would also give them a stable business model.

The next challenge they have to solve is power creep and how to roll over after a season is finished, I think this is more controversial topic and I really don't have a good solution at this point.


I don’t think I will. I’m playing maybe 20 games per week at this point, don’t feel the urge to fire it up anymore and game play is too repetitive.

If they introduce meaningful change I will buy it, if it’s the same game for the third year in a row I’ll pass.
They should just get rid of auctions and do straight buy now. Same cards stack so you always get the lowest price.

Chem styles goes away because really they are useless since everyone boosts pace anyway.
Ederson is fine, all goalies suck.
Yes, he is Brazil’s main striker in a very good squad.
I’m sitting at 200 assists in 400 games with SIF Telles, but I only really learned how to use him after 200 games or so when I let him overlap and stoped switching sides in game with TOTY Alves.

In the past 100 games or so he has easily gotten more than one assist per game on average.
SIF Naldo and Marquinhos or Miranda.
If only companies were moving away from city centers and further in the burbs.

At least here in the DC most tech companies moved from the city or inerburbs to bumfucks ville, resulting in more traffic and longer commutes because you have to drive everywhere.
People just don't understand geopolitics and history in this thread.

Everyone agrees that Ukraine should be independent but they think NATO is a magic bullet that will solve all problems,
Turkey's important is related to its geolocation, it is a door to Europe and it would be part of Soviet strategy to create puppet states in the middleast.

Even without Soviet dominance in the middleast it would provide Russia with strategic ports.

I think if turkey had sided with the Soviets eastern Europe and balkens would be in the same situation as Ukraine today.
I don't think you understand what being a NATO member means and the weight it carries.

Article five states that an attack on one NATO member is an attack on all. It binds us to defend Lithuania the same way we would defend North Carolina in case of a Russian invasion.

This is Ukraine war, we can help them, but it's their war.

A full war between the US and Russia is unwinable by either side.

There is no beating them or them beating us. It's mutually assured destruction.
There are no winners in a nuclear war, and anything that puts us closer to a nuclear war is just irresponsible geopolitical brinksmenship.

Ukraine joining NATO would be a huge act of provocation with no direct benefit given that we already have NATO countries with land borders to Russia.

Edit:

Just give more context to my answer. There is nothing anyone can do to stop the US or Russian nuclear arsenal. Missile defense systems are unproven, unreliable, and would be overwhelmed given the sheer volume of each countries arsenal.

A nuclear war truly means mutually assured destruction. If it didn't, we would have used them already.

In the best case scenario we would have a conventional war, which we would defeat Russia but nothing would change because the moment Russia feels threatened they would use their nuclear weapons and we would use ours.
Because article 5 of nato requires us to retaliate as if it was an invasion on all other nato countries.

There is just too much risk, and while I wish them the best it's just not worth pushing this alliance to the brink of war.
Not really, firmino outperforms MOTM Talisca, SIF Naldo, and FUTMAS Fabinho on corners for me.

Reason is corners are way too unreliable and while Naldo is great for headers, if the ball come low he will miss the voley.

Firmino will position himself in a way that he can volley or head the ball before the defender.
I really don't want Ukraine to join NATO. It's just a scary thought given the provocations from Russia.

Ukraine joining NATO means the rest of world is willing to enter WWIII over Ukraine.
Turkey is an exception. Imagine if they sided with the Soviets. That would really have heated up the cold war.
I'd put peak Sanchez on par with Hazard. Both incredible players.
They should be able to. In real life a lot of teams play with a fully parked bus. But at the same time they gotta nerf AI defending.
Bad league and there are alternatives (toty Marcelo, tots Marcelo, three versions of Carlos) especially if the French league tots is also brazilian. His SIF sold for little over 50k so I think 100k is realistic for him.
Highly recommend the XPS line over macbook pros.

There are tons of issues plaguing the touchbar models (especially the 15 inch model), XPS should give you comparable build quality (IMO better) and all the specs you'll need.

I'd recommend going for the 15 inch model or the new 13 inch because they have quadcore processors.

I'd stay away from dual core laptops if you plan on running a lot of simulations or highly threaded tasks.
You have a solid team, I think best you can do now is to change formations and custom tactics.

This deal should be enough to get you to higher divisions so I think the bottleneck is your play style, and thankfully that's easier to change.

Use Squad Battles to try out different settings and then run a full season with the changes.
For some reason that looks like a soccer match to me. It's the fans in the stands with flags and flairs.
If you're relying on your goalie you have problems elsewhere.
I played all Brazil all year and just now switched to the meta 4212 narrow.

Brazil has a lot of fast and agile players so 4231 is good formation.
Yup last year I had a full brazilian tots team. This year it will be even better.
Its also a lot more fun than seasons.
There are rewards for winning the dkt so I'm fine with the limit of just one win per tournament.
IMO neither at this point in the game. With tots around the corner you'll be tieing up a lot of coins on cards that while won't be obsolete you'll be able to get cheap alternatives.
Really anyone with 80+ finishing should be able to reliably finish one on ones or tap ins. My full backs can finish those, it's really on the user if they can't do a finesse or low driven shot.
Finally my OTW Douglas Costa will get some playing time in my main team.
I'm hoping Telles will stay under 100k. His second IF is the best full back I've ever used.
There isn't much new covered in calc 3 outside of vector operations and a few theorems at the end. Most of the course when I took was basically calc 1 and 2 but done multiple times.
I'm avoiding buying any players over 100k now because of tots. About to sell some of tradable special cards because I think I can maintain a decent brazilian team with untradables and PTG cards.

I'll keep my tried and tested midfielders of futmas fabinho and if allen, and add futmas paulinho or SIF Gustavo.
Yeah in a commercial operation I would too, at home I trust my immune system.

Generally 8-12 hours outside 16-24 inside the fridge.
Outside of the fridge will brew faster, but people in this sub are germophobes and frown upon it.

If I'm brewing over night I'll do outside and transfer in the morning, if I have time I'll keep it in the fridge.
It depends what you want. 5-2-1-2 plays almost exactly as 41212 narrow with overlapping full backs.

532 will be closer to 451 as one of your strikers will likely play behind the other.

523 imo is the weakest of them because the wing backs are redundant since the AI will not cut inside with your wingers mist of the time.
Telles was better than toty Marcelo and alves for me. Best crosses in the game IMO.
How does he compare to Allan or fabinho?
Never sell at discard. Add 200-300 to min bid and they still sell.

Shit adds up, I just realized I have 1.3k players in my club, selling about 70 per week without much effort.
94 is just about right for him, he was amazing but shined so much because the rest of the team was also beyond good.

Garrincha should get one and his prime IMO would be 95-97.
There are some socks that you get multiple uses out of them, but even then with three pair I'd expect you to wash them every week or two weeks max.
Lol Paulo Coelho books in the health section too.
You could create a very scary midfield with him plying LM. A 4 or 5 in the midfield with him would easily control the game.
He is undoubtedly better going forward. Twice the number of career goals and assists than Lahm in a similar amount of games.
He has time for a libertadores. He still has another two or three seasons left in him. When he leaves PSG he will probably join be of the bug São Paulo clubs.
I never had a surface, and I cannot speak to them. My comment was comparing macbooks to the xps line.

In my experience xps are better build, better priced, and more reliable than macbooks.

I owned a MacBook air in 2012, switched to xps in 2014, bought a second xps in 2015, and then a MacBook pro 15 in 2018.


The MacBook pro is simply a piece of shit. The amount of issues with the speakers alone show that that build quality is bad. My touch ID stoped working as soon as warranty ran out, and touch bar stoped working on Mac OS.

Thats a $2000+ computer that can't get the basics right and it's impossible to repair.

I've never had an issue with years using the XPS line, it has better specs, it is repairable, and cheaper.
Funny that I've had a very similar experience with macbook pros.

Blown out speakers, touch bar only works on windows, restarts when it goes to sleep, non functioning touch ID. Worst tech purchase I've ever made.
I've been having issues with my first gen 9.7" pro and would not recommend it to anyone.

When I first bought it I was very concerned about only having 2GB of ram. A year later lo and behold it's already slowing down.

Reddit clients will constantly reload or freeze when loading video heavy subreddits.

Maybe the newer models are better but even at 4GB RAM (the bare minimum you need today), I'd be hesitant.

For a main computer the surface is fine but it hasn't been updated in a while. For a more traditional experience I'd highly recommend the XPS laptops from Dell, which beat even apple on build quality.
I really think this is in realm of possibility. Median income in the US is only around 55-60k, I wouldn't be surprised if 47% was a negative contributer when you account for tax credits and services consumed.
With a kick like that the wall was lucky. The entire wall would fly into the goal Tsubasa style.
You just can’t have a blanket ban, and it’s not easy to create a fair category or distinction between free speech and hate speech.

Where do heavy metal bands like Cannibal Corpse fall under hate speech?

We already have limits on speech in the form of its illegal to yell fire in a crowded theater. It is extremely hard to draw a line between what is fair game and what isn’t, and once you draw a line it just becomes so easy to abuse it.
He does have a point though. Where do you draw the line, and who draws the line.
But seriously, I hate how the music card doesn't fill up the entire screen, feels like reminiscent from fake 3d  years.
Make sure you take upper level math courses.

Your stats second major will probably cover most of the basics for grad level econ work (multi variable calculus, linear algebra) but make sure you also take real analysis.

Econ phds are extremely competitive, do well in your classes, take enough math, and ace the gre and you should be fine.
Can confirm, I have a Maine coon and they are very vocal.

Its essentially a 20 pound dog. He picks, plays fetch, sheds like crazy, and is super noise. We even taught him how to sit.
I love the thought and the gesture but that kit does not look good.
To be fair it is a stupid rule. The two things that I hate about Champions league are the away goal rules, and the random place to host the final. They are copying this shit for libertadores now.
Jesus is just so fucking clinical and his runs are fantastic.

God forgives, Jesus doesn’t.
If zlatan did live in an era with Messi and Ronaldo, him and Lewandowski would be considered the generational talents.
He was one of best, but remember that his career overlaps with Roberto Carlos and Marcelo.
Alucard or Dracula backwards.
N400 form in the source I posted. Last year it was 900k, the year before 750k.
Mayweather is a cunt because his record is one of the best ever. 
You type in portuguese how my American girlfriend says it!
I think you're misinformed.

The US has historically received around 700,000 citizenship applicantions per year, but the numbers spiked after Trump was elected.

The USCIS processed 8 million total applications last year (record year btw) but that includes all visa types, adjustments, and pretty much anything related to immigration.

Source:

https://www.uscis.gov/sites/default/files/USCIS/Resources/Reports%20and%20Studies/Immigration%20Forms%20Data/All%20Form%20Types/Quarterly_All_Forms_FY17Q4.pdf

Edit:

Tourists visa are excluded from that source, and the numbers for B1 visas (tourists visas) are closer to your 10 million number, but that's completely different than citizenship.
If you want social security yes you need more people. Population growth in the US is only above replacement level because of immigration.
Did you qualify through family sponsorship or through h1b visa?

I ask because a lot of Americans don't know about the ridiculous immigration system and think that anyone can just apply and wait in the proverbial line.
Not for emergency care. If you show up with a broken leg you'll be treated right away.
On average yes social mobility in Europe is comparable, but if you already have a college degree you've already beat the median American citizen and has more opportunity for growth in the US than in Europe.

I am talking about economic prosperity, quality of life is a whole separate issue with trade offs on both sides.
Voice recording is probably triggered by keywords so it would work like “ok google” every time you say buy.
No its not decent and you can get better players for less than his discart. It's a bad card at this point.
He has 100 goals and 50 assists in 130 games for me. Pretty good so far.
They are losing the majority in November. Senate starts the process and votes when poloci is speaker again.
It so fucking beautiful today. Totally taking a walk through the mall tomorrow and enjoy the cherry blosomes with the tourists.
Its in Brazil. We're thirsty people.
I wouldn't be surprised if that pattern was mostly for corporate jobs (which have a high barrier to entry), and retail/service (which has high turnover rates).
I love how the top is a hybrid between essential and iPhone, and the bottom is galaxy.

Actually really like the design, too bad the phone is way too big.

Edit: I'm a dumbass, thought this was the new Xiaomi or Hweui with the three cameras.
You'll also start using better ingredients so a lot of the savings will be gone.
And what a team that was. Fucking stacked in every single position.
You guys haven't won anything in over 20 years, it will get much worse if you can't bring at least a Copa america home.
In that case he would just go home a few days early.
Yeah but it used to take a good 10-20 seconds for the damn thing to let you remove. This is a lot better now in most places.
Like wise consumables should be bundled and not auctioned.
The amazing thing about Jimmy John's is that they have my order ready before I even finish ordering.

My favorite sandwich place is Penn Station, but they aren't in DC.
I'm a Jimmy John's guy, but they aren't close to the office.
I don't use cream because it probably would get whipped instead of frothed. I think cold cream tastes really good on top of coffee, never used coffee creamer though (I think that's closer to half and half). It's a different drink so depends on your preference.


I use torani syeup because it's the only thing avaliable at my grocery store.
This is one of the coolest visualizations I've seem. I think I looped the video 20+ times making sure I didn't lose anything.

Very interesting to see that as soon as he slips his eyes stop tracking ahead so much, and how he tries to identify alternative paths.
The only place I still swipe is at the pump or jersey Mike's . Speed of the chip improved a lot.
I started writing "not 4look4rd" or drawing a smile face to see if it would trigger a call or notification.

Nope never got anything.
I don't do creamers but I make a cappuccino every morning with milk foamed in a French press.

Because I also like sweet drinks every now and then I keep a bottle of vanilla syrup and just add a bit to the milk after heating but before foaming.

It works very well and the syrup lasts forever.
Internet de 56000kbps eh bem decente, até hoje.

Antigamente era 52kpbs ou 33, com speed 700 custando o olho da cara.
I think geography will always play a role and it's hard to control for it. My main argument is that if you force a wage on internships non-profits that usually take 3 interns every summer will probably take only one next summer.

Its not like it's easy to get an internship in the first place, even unpaid ones at reputable organizations are extremely competitive.

Its a different world but when I switched to tech, my company paid $15/hour to interns, and eventually I got to interview them. We had well over 30 applicants after the first round of HR interviews for two summer spots.

Policy in DC IMO is even more competitive than tech and there is way less money in the industry.
Senior fellows got paid under 60k and the director under 100k. There were around 10 employees covering all operations, and their main product makes a loss so they rely on donations to keep the operation funded. It is a well established think tank dating back to the 60s and 70s affiliated with Carnegie Mellow and Brookings.
Yeah 18-20g fills my 4 cup without temping it. Try to use a smaller ratio even if it doesn't fill the entire basket.
Thats my exact set up as well!

4 cup moka pot, about 18g of coffee guided two dots away from max in a bodum grinder. I use the brew to make two cappuccinos for SO and I.

Its pretty strong coffee because although I don't measure the water (I go by the mark), it must be something closer to 1:5 than the 1:13 I use for FP or aeropress.
This is what I do:

Wet paper filter, 18g of coffee, second paper filter on top of coffee, temp hard (I use a garlic powder container because it fits perfectly), add about 60-80ml of water, press.

Makes a decent shot, I got this recepie from YouTube.

For manual espresso I'd recommend the Flair. Makes damn good espresso shots once you get the hang of it.
The main problem with unpaid internship is that it puts lower income students at an even greater disadvantage.

But on the other side of argument is that if you enforce a wage a lot of opportunities will dry up, especially in DC with all of the non profits based here. The companies that do offer unpaid internships would likely have fewer spots available or no internship program at all. This puts everyone at a disadvantage.

Not only this but internships in DC are extremely competitive, especially in anything related to policy. Fewer spots would harm everyone.

Most internships do have some form of stipend, and the vast majority of work is hands on industry work. Mine was technically unpaid, but it provided a metro pass and a lunch. I’ve never heard of or had any friends take one that was straight up zero pay.

By the time I was a senior I was making 40k as an intern in the tech industry, and I got those follow up internships because I had job experience on my resume.
That midfield will get cut like butter. Otherwise nice national team.
That is immensely helpful. When I got started with zero sql skills, I mocked the dataset I needed in access (or if it was simple enough hilt my views there), and hen sent to IT to build a maintainable view. Since then I picked up some sql skills but left the role and now tableau is a supplemental skill to my new role.
I was an Econ major, and after my internship I had offers from the product management, it, and marketing department because of my Tableau skills. I went with product management, but my role within IT would be a Tableau developer, and in marketing it was data analyst.
PCs are objectively better than consoles in most games but there are exceptions.

Nintendo games, sports games, and anything that doesn’t have anti cheat.
The main argument for honey not being vegan is that it requires animal work, and something something animal welfare.
This is just shitty animations. Scripting doesn’t happen in the sense that they change the physics to benefit one player, they boost/gimp your players rating. This is particularly noticeable in SB.

In this example it’s just shitty animations, the result of shot probably gets determined pretty early and then animations need to catch up.
You do, no other country can export its own inflation with virtually no consequences on interest rates, except for maybe Germany but to a lesser extent.
I know for a fact they wouldn’t have one, I did some of their accounting as well. While I really enjoyed my experience there, it was when I realized policy wasn’t for me because grad level researchers with years of experience were making 40k.
Man I’d kill for $2k 2 bedroom rental in DC. I’m struggling to find anything under $2400.

Currently living in the suburbs on a 1bd for $1500 and that’s about as cheap as it gets, while still having a 45-90 minute commute.
If China subsidizes it’s steel industry it means that the US gets to pay an artificially lower price for that steel.

Steel in and on itself is not valuable, what you can make with it is what makes money.
A good example is the petro dollar.

If you want to buy oil you have to pay in USD. How do you get USD? By selling shit to the US.

Now there is a huge demand for USD, because you need it to buy oil, this strengthens the dollar which means it’s now cheaper for you to buy cheap shit from abroad.
His academic work is well respected and centered on international trade.
Any thing related to tech (US is relatively better than the EU and Canada though), pharmaceutical, automotive, or agricultural product. Pretty sure there are more, but those are the big ones I can think off my head.
If these institutions collapse, along with the petro dollar (either by trading in alternative currencies, or by phasing it out for renewables), the world will look very different and the US will be a lot less relevant.
Its a necessary evil unfortunately. I know the think tank I interned for wouldn't have an internship program if it was paid (beyond metro reimbursement), but it really opened the doors for me.
I was under the impression he was a CAM, as a false nine it will be hard for him to get play time.
He is not a winger either. I wish we called him for the qualification rounds because he could be our missing piece in the midfield now that Renato Augusto is losing his spot.

A midfield of him, casemiro, and Paulinho could be very effective. Fernandinho would sub him in the second half or for when we need more defense.
Talisca is probably going to be a sub, title will pick two players between Giuliano, Taison, and Talisca.
Jesus is actually my main cross receiver (not from corners) in a team with Kaka, Talisca, fabinho, and firmino.
Kick off boost is real.
Is it really though? Get decent quality speakers from Sony or audio engine and then stick a $30 chromcast audio/mini/echo to it and you have a pair of better speakers.

At $350 price point you can get really nice speakers and a simple adapter. Regardless of how good their quality is you'll still need at least two to get decent stereo separation, and for $700 you can get a very nice audio setup.

For smart speakers I think the $100-200 price range is the sweet spot.
Concordo com energia elétrica, saúde, e água porque os considero como public goods.

O mercado é capaz de cobrir o resto.

Preço de alimentos depende muito do custo de transporte, outra coisa que o governo deveria prover.
Thats a good question and I've been wondering the same.

It does have trace amounts of alcohol but I feel like it's neglible enough to not matter. Doctors usually err in the side of caution, but this is one things that I'd stop only if there is evidence suggesting it has a significant impact on my liver.
Neither is molasses from beets but the same logic applies. When you distill vodka generally you only use the head, and avoid the tail, the head after 4-6 distills shouldn't have impurities.

On a blind taste you're not likely to identify vodkas at a higher rate than randomly guessing.

Even when you compare vodkas that are filtered vs distilled, chemically they are nearly indistinctive. At most what the slightly different taste is due to the water used to dilute it, and not from the distilled alcohol.
Pig backing on this question: I have a flair espresso maker and while the taste of my shots has been awesome, I only get crema once in every 5 shots or so.

Do médium or dark roasts produce more crema on average? 
Then it's a shitty vodka not distilled enough. If you can taste the grain it's not vodka.
They did a chemical analysis of cheap vodka vs expensive and the cheap one was more pure and likely distilled more times than the fancy.
At least bottled water has its different taste characteristics, vodka cannot have the taste of grain and it's distilled so many times that the water will lose its minerals and taste. It is flavorless by definition.

Most companies source their alcohol from the same place, dilute it, and just slap a label on it. Ultra pure being one of the main suppliers. You can literary buy six times distilled French wheat alcohol (aka Grey goose) in bulk.
All vodka taste the same, if it doesn't it either has a shitty distillation process or isn't vodka at all.
Rolling Stones played to over 1.5m in 2006. Rock in Rio constantly pulls 1M+ in each Rio event.

Wacken is huge given the size of its target audience.
Honestly I'd probably end things right there, or at least call her out. I don't think deflecting or ignoring is the right approach here.

I have a rule of thumb that I never intentionally say anything to make people feel uncomfortable. Mistakes happen, but I don't see any scenario where making that comment isn't just for the sake of being mean spirited.
And there has been. 

The period after the 2008 financial crisis has been marked by a back to basics approach to nearly everything.

You can feel this when you open your phone and realize flat design has taken over.

You can experience it in stores where the style from the 50s and 60s is back in, compared to the power projection from the 90s or the gaudy luxury from the 80's.

Consumption patterns are changing drastically. People are emphasizing quality more than quantity. This is why department stores, fast food, and fast fashion are either dying or struggling.

People are moving back into the cities and living in smaller places.

2008 crisis had a huge cultural impact, it was the revolution you mentioned we needed for minimalism to take over.
Probably a shift back to long term quality purchases instead of luxury.

For example I replaced my three pairs of cheap H&M/DSW boots with one from Allen Edmonds. They are pricy not because they are luxurious but because they are well built.

I expect this to apply to other goods as well, as we move away from fast fashion and change our consumption patterns.
Together you two are going to collapse the price of diamonds.


Do nariz principalmente no meu caso.
Você não precisar ser programador para trabalhar com tecnologia.

Eu fiz economia e hj trabalho com product management e product marketing management.
Maybe that is the accidental winning strategy. Project weakness and let other nations try to solve a problem we've been failing at for 20+ years.
Cirão maybe? Its common to add that ending to names among friends, it means big Ciro.
I only buy clothing without logos or non intrusive logos.

If it shoes, I don't mind having a logo at the sole of the shoe, if it's a t-shirt I don't mind having it on the tag, but that's about it.

Thankfully I mostly wear t-shirts and dress shirts so logos are never an issue.
To be fair, I hate the man and everything he stands for, but if he manages denuclearize north Korea that will be one amazing feat of diplomacy.
If someone was punching me in the face for no reason and I have a helmet on, that helmet would probably have been used.
It is the most inefficient healthcare in the world.

Everything about it is wrong, the way doctors are trained, to drug advertisement, to suing doctors for mistakes, to giving doctors an incentive for prescribing the hot new drug despite flawed research, to the complete lack of price transparency in hospitals.

You couldn’t design a system with more perverse incentives even if you tried.
Eu respeito à panela de pressão mas já perdi o medo.
Found my long lost twin.
He should have gotten a PTG card.
Nah roma scored 5 goals in both legs, it was an easy win since they just had to point to the right goal.
I loved that class. One of my favorite college classes and some of the books I read there really stuck with me.

Edit: referring to philosophy in literature or something like that.
Its the lack of transparency and a flat/simple design.

Its stuck in the mid 2000's.
Everything about it is dated. The look and feel of stock Ubuntu is only slightly ahead of windows Vista, and behind OSX Leopard.

You can make a lightweight DE without it looking like shit like stock ubuntu.
It really depends on the brand. I'm 5'9, 170. Most medium stuff fits well but some brands feels like I'm ripping through them.

Same with pants. Slim fit Levi's 30-32 fit perfectly, same size from Banana republic and I'll probably rip them.

Shirts are the same way, medium from Banana or 15.5 for dress shirts fit perfectly, any other brand and   I'm basically hanging myself. 
I did 21-22 for two semesters in a row as an econ major while working full time because I had to but certainly wouldn't recommend it to my worst enemy.

If your classes don't require labs, and you plan ahead for final projects and exams you should be fine.

17 is not too crazy but make sure what you're getting yourself into and plan ahead.
Fucking slackers.
Imo Los tres amigos are neymar, Suarez, Messi.

Probably the greatest front three ever.
Its a tough call because you could argue that Sane was an active part of the play and offside when the pass was made before the deflection.

No skin in the game, but I think it could have gone either way.
Unless FUT game play is slower I won't bother.

I'm hardly playing fifa in the last few weeks, and basically have to force myself to make it through 20 or so games in WL to get silver 1.
Kaka is just a long shit taker and finisher. He was cheap and if used well can complement a second striker like delpiero. My problem with the card is while it's good, it doesn't play like Kaka.
I am not an expert, but Brazil was ride a wave of high commodity prices in 2005-2008, this chart shows the price of soy (one of brazil's main exports) over time (http://www.macrotrends.net/2531/soybean-prices-historical-chart-data). In addition to this oil prices were also high, and petrobras was discovering extremely large oil reserves in the Brazilian coast.

When the financial crisis hit, prices fell but the influx of foreign investment and aggressive credit expansion prompted the economy to grow at over 7% when the US and Europe were in a recession.

A few years later foreign investment dried up, the oil reserves were a lot harder to reach than initially thought, commodity prices still had not recovered, and Brazil was hit with a huge political crisis.
Its a fictionalized version of Operation Car Wash. It's by no means a documentary but it's very well done, and even better when you're following brazilian news along side.

The only problem is that now I cant check the news without getting season 3 or 4 spoilers.
I picked up the bodum on sale for $100 idk if the grind is fine enough for the flair espresso machine because it tastes a little under extracted. I've managed to pull nice shots with lots of crema before, so idk if the problem is the grinder or the technique (probably both).

For everything else it has been pretty good (FP, moka pot, aero press).

The encore might be my next buy, if it gets consistent results for the flair.
It was doing well during the commodity boom, and after 2008 investors were moving money away from developed economies into the developing world.

Once foreign investment dried up and commodities collapsed, the government realized that it hadn't done the reforms necessary to have a competitive economy. Add on top of that a political crisis of epic proportions (check out NetflixsThe Mechanism!) and the country has sunk into a depression.
Brazil-US.
Thats what they did until 2017 according to Wikipedia.
Nitro coffee.

I bought a small keg with a nitro faucet. I brew a large batch of cold brew, then dilute it in the keg, and pressurize in the fridge for a day.

It gives me a few days worth of readily avaliable, sweet tasting, nitro coffee.
I lived in a 650sqft studio and to be honest it was plenty of space for one person. I only moved into a bigger place when SO joined in.
Kaka can be a clutch player with his long shots.

He is one dimensional but will finish any half decent chance.
You're out played. Not different than today with people running squads with Ronaldo, they can afford to play like shit because any chance they get will go in.
Talk about a game that missed the boat.

I played the Arma mod and it was a shit fest. My friend and I wanted to play together and ended up spending over an hour to just find each other.

I recently bought PUBG and the game play is fantastic, just wish they had zombies in addition to people and games were longer.
How does the bodum electric grinder compare? Usually it's around $120-150 and looks like the only complaints are durability worries due to plastic gears.
Yes. The Easter European is strict, the black dude is a little less strict but still strict, and the other two are more lineant.

You can tell they have different personalities because some will let you get away with moving the wall forward, others will give a warning, and these two are always a yellow.
Its not trivial to make ball bearings for pens. 99% invisible has a really good episode on the history of the modern pen.

Basically it took a lot of trial and error to get manufacturing done at a scale, while remaining consistent.
As a dual citizen the silver lining for me is that china's retaliatory tariffs might trigger another commodity boom in Brazil.
I have a team with fabinho, Talisca, Firmino, and Jesus, Naldo, and occasionally Luiz Gustavo, with Telles and toty alves crossing (both maxed out cross and curve), it's always funny when one of them miss because they are either over 6'2" or have high jumping and header.

Crossing is my go to play with this team.
Yeah but Kakas trade mark was launching counter attacks.

His card is good but doesn't play like Kaka.
Every one putting out good ideas and all I want is to buy consumables with them.
Thats a Dilma Rousseff cosplay.
500 milhões temporada é mais ou menos o que gastam com game of thrones.
On a more serious note, saving for retirement rates for millenials are relatively high compared to the previous generations, the main difference is that instead of buying houses and cars we're paying off student loans.

I've been fortunate to graduate debt free, I save a decent chunk of my income, but no way in hell will I be able to afford a house in DC.
Man if I wasn't so addicted to avocado and toast I'd be able to afford a house with a seven car garage.
For Alexa you have to create rooms, but she seems to understand "all lights" by default.
Why is the bootloader even a concern when you have a near stock experience and Android one? I thought the whole point of custom roms was to ditch intrusive bloat anyway.

Does this prevent root access? There are a few utilities that require it, but for most users it shouldn't be a concern.
Isso pode acabar com a economia, mas acho que a prioridade agora é ter reformas institucionais que diminuam a corrupção.

Acho que ele é uma boa opção para reformas institucionais e também tem uma oportunidade boa de colocar uma política econômica mais técnica do que partidária.

Espero que o próximo presidente consiga abrir a economia, diminuir a burocracia, e reduzir a corrupção.
Thats not how it works.
Its a new bug. Using the dpad to switch wingers fixes the issue.
7nm refers to transistor size. More transistors in the surface area means better performance and less power consumption.
You'd be surprised at the amount of closet racists in DC. Being yelled "get out of my country, get out of city, get out of state" from across the street is never fun.

On the plus side this particular racist seems to support DC statehood!
Thats a bad example.

Let's say a company has an IPO for 80% of the company, it issues 10 shares and puts 8 of them in the market. The market then determines that the price is $10 per share. 

In this scenario the company controls 20% of its shares, and the market controls 80%.

Later the company decides it wants to retain more control, so it issues a buy order for 3 shares at $30 total. Now the company owns 50% of its shares, and the market 50%.

In this scenario each share still accounts for 10% of the company and it is still valued at $100 total. In the real world it will drive the price of the share up because now there are fewer shares in the market, and it's also a strong signal that the company expects to be more profitable in the future.


I use Talisca as LCM, because he has decent interception and tackle. He joins the attack and constantly switch spots with my cam (firmino) which I don't mind.
Talisca is better at shooting, defense, and in the air. Giuliano has better dribbling and comparable passing.
Crossing is so overpowered when you know what you're doing though.

If you have a player with good crossing and curve all you have to do is pick your target with power. Two bars of power for near post, three for far post, and four to invert the ball.

Parallel crosses are the best, but you cannot do them too close to the line, in the wl league stadium aim to be behind the second to last line, the middle of the third being the sweet spot.

If you're inside the box always to a short cross or a low cross with RB.

RB crosses are also very good to invert the ball on your half of the pitch or in the middle of the attack, if you are near the box they will come a bit higher than driven passes.

With this set up, Telles has had 50 assists in the past 30 games for me.
Same, he is my most important player. I have the coins to upgrade him to TOTY Marcelo or prime Carlos, but he is so much better than mid Carlos that I don’t think I can replace him until his tots.
Giuliano is a big disappointment for me. I tried him at CAM, CF, and ST, he is far outclassed by Firmino, and unlike Talisca he can’t play CM.
Corners for David Silva sucked as well. He did the same cross, to the same player 3-4 times.
Work conditions in China have been improving as their standard of living improves. Clothing industry moved almost completely out of China because they get better margins in Latin America and south east Asian (with a recent push towards African countries).
I get a lot of carbonation from 30-40g of fresh pineapple cut into small sticks (about 5-7 sticks per 500ml bottle), or from water melon.

The secret is to leave the bottles in a warm and dark place. I burp in the first 12 hours to check for carbonation and then move it to the fridge after 24-36 hours after the initial burp.
And that's why fine dining is probably not for you.

When done right fine dining is more about entertainment than just filling up.
Sane haven't been having a good game. Every play he touches the ball is dead.
Firmino is playing really deep, the dude is everywhere in the pitch. I would love to see his heat map for this match.
He is surprisingly not bad in the air, but that wouldn't be my first choice.

City just can't get through the middle, so it's all they can do at this point.
A few mistakes but I think this is more on Liverpool playing very well than city playing poorly.
Por que você é contra?

Acho que já deveria ser preso em primeira estância, com casos especiais podendo recorrer livre até o julgamento da segunda estância.

Casos especiais seriam por idade, saúde, foro privilegiado (enquanto ainda existe), crimes leves não violentos, e fixa limpa. Todos desde que não tenha risco de fuga.
Yeah if you work in a noisy environment the airpods are not for you, they will let all sound go through (which is what makes them such a nice commuter headphones).

But even the jaybirds would struggle to get you a full 8 hours. One phone call and you'll see a lot of drain, and after a few months you'll likely lose some capacity.

I ditched my jaybirds for the airpods specifically because of the battery case and easy paring. I'm pretty OS agnostic so using an iPhone at the moment.
No the pixel has a horrible screen by flagship standards, it's undoubtly the bottom of the barrel when it comes to screens. At best it's fine or passable.

Camera hardware is average to below average, but they make it up with amazing software driving it.

Headphones are once again at the very bottom in terms of quality, the only thing going for them is the translation feature which is again software driven.

Build quality and quality control are near the bottom. Ranks below one plus in build quality and slightly above it in quality control.

The pixel is a great phone because of its software, despite its disappointing hardware.
No /s
Thats a very bad comparison.

The convenience of a charging case far out weights the three hour additional battery life of the jaybirds.

The only scenario you'll get more battery out of jaybirds is if you're doing over five hours of continuous listening, a 15 minute break to quick charge in the case and the airpods will exceed the jaybirds in battery life.

Combined the case and the headphones have over 25 hours of battery life, so in most cases you'd be able to have multiple days without plugging it in.


Audio quality is a whole other debate, but without a doubt apples implementation of 5 hours of battery life + quick charge in the case is better than jaybirds longer battery life but required plugging in.
https://www.armscontrol.org is a good resource for anything nuclear related. This think tank has been the record keeper for non-proliferation since the 70s.

In relation to South Korea, it boils down to the nation being surrounded by nuclear armed countries (China and North Korea), and being under the USA 's nuclear umbrella.
Meh. I don't see why people use shadow so much when most decent defenders already have defense nearly maxed out. Anchor is a better fit for most CBs, and if you try to actually use your full backs engine and catalyst can be deadly.
Touchbar is absolutely useless, and it actually gets in the way when using excel. I can live with it, and the shallow keyboard, because the laptop does offer nice features (4 full Thunderbolt 3 ports, nice trackpad, and nice screen).

But holy shit their quality control is atrocious.
You can see by the list that they targeted industries from states trump won.
Meanwhile I am so disappointed with my MacBook Pro.

I bought a MacBook Pro 15 (2016) to replace my XPS 13, I didn’t get the XPS 15 because at the time it didn’t have full Thunderbolt 3 support (only 2 lanes instead of four).

This machine gave me nothing but problems as soon as the original warranty ran out. Speakers blew out (I heard a noise when I plugged my charger), OS X restarts when it sleeps, Touch ID stoped working.

IMO the XPS line is cheaper, better built, and has better specs.
They have to introduce RAM and LAM positions, so wingers can play as wide attacking mids or centrally at 7 chem.

There are already way too much flexibility for central players compared to wide.
One thing Republicans used to get right was their policy on free trade. You'd be hard pressed to find a single economist who would advocate for tariffs. If Paul Krugman and Tyler Cowen agree on something, there might be something to it.
It even comes with shot glasses. I'd be quite happy with this.
Curve absolutely applies to crosses. It's why Telles is so deadly.
If you set your full backs to stay back, or plan to switch positions at the beginning of the game he is 100% not worth it. If you use your full backs a lot then it's a tough call between him and toty Marcelo given that they cost the same.
Detesto. Dois dias trabalhando em casa é o ideal para mim, mas que isso fico desconectado e isolado. Decisões que deveriam levar alguns minutos levam dias e email é uma bosta.
Removing the sales tax before calculating the tip.
Never seen café con leche being used for espresso, that's a latte in my books while café con leche uses regular pour over coffee or French press. Same with cortado.

Edit:

Looks like brazilian café com leite is closer to the café au lait then the Cuban café con leche, and our pingado is just a short variation but not related to the cortado.
All brazilian PTG cards are safe, only risk is Giuliano but he has been called a lot recently.
Car companies are not necessarily in favor of this. They want to build one car complies to American and European regulations,not multiple variations because that's costly.
Nothing wrong with enjoying starbucks coffee, I actually like their blonde espresso. But you'd be missing out by sticking to just one type of coffee and roast profile.
I'm not sure about that. If the Nintendo is showing that an arm based console is viable. If Sony and Microsoft follow along, it could be the beginning of AAA games being built for arm instead of ported.
Normal pcs will also run on arm. You can already get a w10 machine on arm.
Windows on arm is a thing now. The writing is on the wall for Intel, arm cpus are closing the performance gap faster than Intel can close the energy gap.

By 2020 I'd expect to get better performance than my mbp 15 (2017), and 20+ hours of battery life.

Add on top of that native support for egpu and you're set.
Dude China is gone do targeted retaliatory tariffs. They are just going to aim at swing states, that will hold threaten house Republicans especially in a election year.
They just have to target swing state industries.
IF Allan is the best brazilian CDM, futmas fabinho is fine, but also good as a box to box midfielder.
He was the first choice, but Thiago Silva has been starting lately.
I had just sold my nonif neymar. I panic bought 3 as soon as I saw the message, I'm an idiot.
Yeah but depending on the team, formation, and matching I'll be closer to 20. 

So with 433(5) I performed well relatively to my range (30 being worst, 20 being best).
433(5) works well with overlapping full backs. I had moderate success with it during wl. It took me 24 games to get to 14 wins. Usually it takes me between 20-30 games.
Thats was our problem, that team was old as fuck and well past its prime.
Brazil and Vietnam are massive producers.

In Brazil at least, the cheap crappy coffee is usually sold in the internal market while the more expensive coffee is exported.

There are many growing regions in Brazil, that produce widely distinct coffees. The sheer scale of production allows you choose between cheap coffees to beans that could go toe to toe with the world's best.
Calor.

Aqui em Washington nem faz tão frio, e relativamente não Neva muito. A cidade fica paralisada com a neve, vc tem que passar uns trinta minutos limpando a vaga para um fdp estacionar no teu lugar assim que vc sair.

Frio é horrível e inconveniente, prefiro o calor.
I know the parallels are not perfect, but are there concerns with an eventual implementation of tariffs along with domestic stimulus via tax cuts and infrastructure projects (new gas lines, the wall, and rebuilding current infrastructure).

My fear is that the new tariffs could trigger a trade war on resources that have a lot of downstream pressure on prices and the tax cuts will also contribute to inflation.

I'm this scenario is something happens in the labor market, it could trigger another case of staginflation.
Qualquer probleminha por aqui eles te dão opiodes. Quando extrai o ciso me deram uma prescrição para duas semanas.

Tomei Tylenol por dois dias e nem mechi com aquilo.
I burp to check for carbonation, some batches will generate a lot others not so much. If they are exploding or making a mess you're over carbonating them, so you should either burp or move to the fridge.

Basically of you know they turn into fountains after 24 hours, you should probably move them to the fridge before that mark, or burp them to continue second fermentation.
My problem is that full backs are much better at crossing than wingers, so there is point in having them there.

Also wide attacking midfielders are much better at cutting inside than wingers.

The only wide formations with wingers that are remotely usable are 433(5) and 4231(wide), all of the others get outclassed by the narrow formation.

Compare 442 to 4222 for example. 4222 plays how 442 should play in real life. 4231 narrow is another good example, because teams like Brazil and Juventus use wingers as attacking midfielders.

The only brazilian formation I can replicate in fifa is the one Tite used against Germany, with three midfielders (two holding, and paulinho as box to box), and two wingers.
Because EA won't let me use wingers as attacking midfielders at a half way decent chem like they actually play in real life.
This has to be a troll post.
Just burp your bottles every 12-24 hours.
Alves is better than Cafu in every single way, except for leadership. Alves is an evolution of cafus style, as Marcelo is to Roberto Carlos.

Alves is much more dangerous than Cafu going up front and despite the meme, in his prime he was rock solid. He has over 100 assists for Barcelona.
We don’t talk about 2006. Fucking Roberto Carlos and Cafu were way past their time, Carlos costed us the game against France.
You know that Alves is second only to Messi in number of assists for Barcelona. Sometimes it’s hard to wrap around how good Alves was in his prime.

Lahm is great as well but IMO he is several notches behind Alves, because although rock solid you could potentially run beyern with another defensive full back, but no one could replace Alves.
Not the header, but he could have gotten the cross.
Insurance topically pays for two cleanings a year, treat them as checkups.
É o que eu digo, o SUS e ruim para trementos prolongados ou não urgências.

Se você aparecer num hospital com uma perna quebrada eu preferia ser trado pelo SUS do que aqui nos Estados Unidos. Talvez o SUS não me dê o a última novidade em remédios para a dor, mas também não vou correr o risco de perder a minha casa com a conta.
You're getting down voted but it's partially true, especially in the US. You should still go to the dentist every year or twice a year for checkups because when you're experiencing paying it's too late and that filling will turn into a root canal. Also tooth pain is one of the most painful things in the world.

Don't fuck with your teeth.
Your dentist probably get sponsored by someone. There is tons of research on both styles (rotational and vibrating). If you damaged your teeth with them you're likely pitting too much pressure (common issue even with manual ones).
Another tip is only drink water with fluoride.

I fucked up and didn't go to the dentist for 10 years because I was a lazy college student and then a lazy young professional.

Thankfully no cavities, dentist said it's most likely a combination of genetics, diet, drinking mostly tap water, and staying hydrated.
I think that figure is for household income.
Too bad Kaka sucks at headers :( it's my biggest disappointment with the card.
And please avoid the white rabbit project. Feels like they ran out of ideas mid way through to first season.
I'm surprised at how good he is in the air. My main play is crossing with my LB and he outclassed everywhere br striker I've used to receive the cross.
Ridiculously good striker. I just can't replace his PTG. Despite stats he is better than every single striker I've used this year. He is great on the air, good at passing, can hold ball, his only weakness is long shots but in a team with firmino, Kaka, and Talisca the last thing I need is another long shot taker.
If you guys don't buy him someone else will. What a player.
To be fair the newest A chips from Apple are not that far off from performance as the m3 this macbook uses.
There is nothing stopping apple from supporting this feature. Android has had support for mouse and keyboard since 3.x on tablets and 4.x on phones.
I'm totally fine with that if it was meant to be served family style with plates on the side.
I CB as well. I empty it to 25% and it only takes 3-4 days to ferment another two gallons. I did 7 days once and the brew was mostly vinegar, can't imagine how it would be at 14 days.
I'm not following city this year but how do you fit sane, Aguero, sterling, and Jesus in a team? Jesus was injuried for a while, is he mainly a backup for Aguero or a winger, or is he usually in tge first team?
Does graphic switching with amd and Nvidia work out of the box? How's your battery life out of the box compared to osx and windows.
All these metrics are compering each country with itself.

For example china's or indias GINI index is very high, implying that the there is a huge income inequality, which is a true statement.

However when you look at a global level, there are less people in dire poverty today in China and India than there were 30 years ago. From a global perspective you can see that the shift in manufacturing from developed nations to developing nations increased inequality in both countries, but it also closed the cap between the American middle class and the Chinese middle class.

This is also a very important lens to look through when considering inequality and development. There has never been a period of time that so many people got lifted from poverty, and while the system is not perfect we certainly are better today than we were 30 years ago.
Yeah but gl getting your computer to work on Linux. Either the wifi doesn't work, or the battery sucks, or the Bluetooth does work, or there is no audio.

I keep hearing that Linux is there already, but how come I can't connect a monitor via thunderbolt 3? Or an external graphics, or an external USB peripheral.

Linux is not the answer to the vast majority of users because there is no one developing for it.
Google can. They own the mobile os and the defacto web homepage.
They are never smooth because they are built in blocks.

Personally I don't mind the small gap between blocks.
I use a one gallon jar, make a big patch of concentrate to use throughout the week.
They use Stata because they already have a license. No one is going to care if you run an analysis in R, unless there is heavy collaboration involved.

Stata is being phased out. R and Python are big, and even FORTRAN when you need performance (Shazam is an econometrics program based on Fortran).
I disagree, you can usually adjust the amount of coffee, the main risk is going too coarse because that will brew potatoes water.

I think moka pots, and pour overs require more control over the grind than a French press.
Not at all. It's just hard to get consistent results but I've used that set up for years, and after upgrading to a burr grinder I only noticed small improvements. It also took forever and lost of failed attempts to find the right grind settings.
Depends from what lens you're looking at the problem.

From a develop country's perspective, yes it is increasing, especially in the US. From a global perspective it is shrinking rapidly.
This is huge. Countries usually reciprocate immigration policy, so if you're American traveling to a country that requires a visa be ready to handover social media accounts too.

What a moronic policy.
Valerian root makes me having ridiculously vivid dreams, and I'm already a sleep talker.

One day i fell asleep in my parents couch and apparently I kept repeating "38", my dad asked me what's "38" and I replied in my sleep "it's the barrel, barrel of the gun."

Shit like that happens at least once a week, but no sleep walking so far.
It also needs tabs for today, this week, and all time.
Probably because it is one of the most religious state.
And short pump is a piece of NOVA translated to Richmond, except that it lacks everything that makes nova remotely decent, and it's in richmond.
Highly doubt that. Median or gross?
Don't understand why this sub hates notches so much. It's a natural progression until we can put a camera behind the screen.
So if that's the case, I have to say that it's fair if they charge you a reasonable fee, if you're putting in more  energy than you're consuming then its also fair for them to pay you a rate slightly lower than their cost of production.

I think this is a good case for regulation, because it can prevent them from overcharging you, and you from free riding.
Just play Devils advocate, but couldn't you argue that there is a cost associated with maintaining the grid, and if you weren't connected to it you'd need a battery?
What's Giulianos chances? Really enjoyed his tots last year.
Are you looking for the finished dish or the ingredient because menudo can refer to both. I make brazilian dobradinha pretty and it looks similar to Mexican menudo soup, the ingredients are readily avaliable in grocery stores.

If you're looking for the dish itself I'd look at restaurants in Delray in Alexandria, they have a great Hispanic community and a lot of nice restaurants.
All I want is a podcast app that actually runs in the background to download new episodes over night. It really can't be that hard.
Last year at least I noticed no difference between d3-1.
Alex Telles, Talisca, Firmino (hopefully), Paulinho, Fernandinho, and Jonas for me.
Elite Squad. Arguably the most important brazilian film in the last 20 years.
I think menudo is beef stomach, ive seen it in the "other meats" section of Harris teeter.
The article has the specific dimensions of the sensor but it's abuse twice as much area as the S9 bur I don't think it's larger than the 1020.
African American museum. It's super modern and had more hands-on expositions. Way different than a traditional museum.
Looks like an acquitance of mine, same bikini and smile, and she is also the outdoorsy type. I don't think it's Australia hurdler.
You're not missing anything.

If you're struggling to qualify you'd be very frustrated with WL, the level of play is significantly higher.

I'm not the best player in the world. I qualify in my first or second try, and managed to win with my B team before. In WL it takes me between 20 to 30 games to get to the magical 14 wins.
Regular cross work fine.
Telles is still better than either of them.

What makes Telles special is that he has maxed out crossing and curve, it's so easy to place a cross with him that it's borderline OP. You don't even need that great of a player upfront, PTG Jesus is more than capable of taking advantage of him.

Having a full back with.5 assists per game (closer to 1 assist per game now that I know how to use him), is a game changer. He contributes more than toty alves, and I tried replacing  him with Alex Sandro and mid Roberto Carlos, neither performed as well as him.
I have a bachelors in econ, while in school I interned for a think tank, a marketing company, and a tech company.

Decided to go the tech route in product management.

My friends from my graduating class range from non-profit organizations, consulting, and technology.

Anything policy related will require a grad degree, it's very competitive and doesn't pay well compared to other career options. Having interviewed multiple candidates, an econ degree looks pretty good in various corporate roles.
Also the default was sharing globally or friends of friends, I remember having to go to settings to switch it to friends only, then they changed the default to friends only.
Graph search. You could also see friends only photos through it even if you weren't friends with the person.
Its Google plus!
Firmino is the best brazilian CAM I've used, followed closely by neymar.
How is he at crossing? I was disappointed with his mid card.
When you have Belotti and Immobile do you really need Balotelli? I feel like there are enough young players fighting for a chance that you don't need to waste time on him.
Colocando fernandinho para cobrir deve ser o suficiente. Casimiro pega o setor central e esquerda quando Marcelo avança, Paulinho continua avançando pelo centro e fernandinho marca pela direita para cobrir o Daniel.

Isso contra times fortes, com os mais fracos jogamos com dois meias centrais e um ofensivo.
Não dava pra colocar um lateral esquerdo improvisado na direita? Alex Sandro acho que não daria certo mas talvez Felipe Luis.

Ou talvez Bruno Perez ou aquele carinha que joga na Rússia.
I rather have 1gb free and cheap upgrades than higher free tier.

If they up the limit chances are they will also raise prices for upgrades (even at higher storage).

The $1 50gb plan is really good if you want cloud storage in the cheap.
I don't think finesse is OP or ever was. Long shots in general are OP. I started just doing power shots with Kaka and Talisca and in at the same conversion rate.
On a 24mbps connection it should take about 10 minutes to downlod 1.8gbs. If your internet is slower than that chances are you're on an older line with high ping so you already don't have the best online experience.
There just shouldn't be replays and celebrations in WL.

Another thing that pisses me off is that long celebrations will reduce the amount of replays avaliable at the end of the match.
Because that's not gonna get abused at all right.
Brazil has a better attack and more options up front. The individual talent is there for Spain, while I'd say it's a better overall team than Brazil, I still think our national team has great chemistry despite the inferior players from the midfield down.
I'm looking at places in Takoma but everyone keeps telling that it's sketch. Apartments there near the metro look nice and it would be an easy commute for me.
If they survive and become profitable they could be the spotify of movies and slowly crowd out individual ticket sales.
Curitiba também.
W don’t exist either, so they sound like Us.
But the counter attacks were most paulinhos fault. In one instance both him and William were bombing forward, he should have let William win with the ball and gone to the box, but instead he ran down the right flank and completely killed a good opportunity.

He was really solid throughout the game but there are things to improve.
He was good but killed two or three really good counters because he didn’t know what to do with the ball.
Foda é ter que ver spoilers da terceira temporada de O Mecanismo toda vez que entro nesse sub.
Means that if that goes to the Supreme Court they very likely will ban pot sales on the grounds of interstate commerce clause.
15k no ramo de TI é salário de meio de carreira. É um bom salário mas longe de ser rico, principalmente em São Paulo.
Acho que o neymar vem amadurecendo. Ele está longe de ser um Adriano, e as tretas que vem acontecendo no PSG também é culpa do clube.

Gabriel Jesus é parecido com o Kaka. Cabeça no lugar mesmo sendo novo.
That’s a bit nit picking since you cropped the image, when the phone is capable of using one of its telephoto lens to get better results.
I feel like the triple camera setup is gimmicky, the real winner here is the larger sensor which I hope moves the industry in that direction.
There was a brief period that it felt like the app gap was narrow. All the heavy weights, except for Snapchat, had a functional native client. At one point the native functionality more than made up for the lack of third party software (WP 7.x was amazing with the hub concept).
That’s assume she didn’t invest any of the lump sum.

Lets say that she put it all on mutual funds (not sure how much they are in Canada, but in the US the return is about 6-8%), she would be making 45k-60k in her first year investing without too much risk.

Lets assume she gets a conservative 5% return, in 20 years she would have 2 million with the lump sum or 1.75 million with the annuity(if she deposits $4333 every month.

That’s assuming both payouts are tax free, and she invests everything.

Edit: with that being said I would also have taken the annuity because it’s easier to manage and hassle free.
It was the first team I thought I had put down.
It really wasn't. Great defensively and on paper, a piece of shit in the front despite Messi.
The big teams to watch this year are Brazil, Germany, France, Belgium, Spain, and Belgium.

I expect one or two of these teams to flop miserably in the group stages, but imo those are the powerhouses this year.
This team on paper is fucking amazing.
We're now 10 goals ahead of Germany, and 8 wins.
If you wanna do aggregates, it's 40-31 for Brazil.
If those are your only changes then I'm not afraid about this German team.

Its not a weak team but far away from the 2014 team.
Its a Trapp!
Catimba que eu gosto :D
Its a friendly and we're breaking legs. I love this brazilian team.
Exactly the fact that we don't have our star player and we're playing a pretty defensive lineup shows that we have plenty of fire power.
You can also do that as a chart mark by right clicking on the axis and setting a measure to be the line for the given cell/pane/section
No Paulinho is a box to box midfielder, firmino is a striker. We never played a two striker formation under Tite.

Firmino will enter in place of Jesus, in a rare scenario he could take off William for firmino and move coutinho centrally.

I highly doubt we would play two strikers.

We could also get rid of Paulinho or Fernandinho and put Douglas Costa in the wing, with coutinho playing through the center (like we did with Russia).
That would make no sense.
It would also put pressure on students on putting more thought before starting college, maybe even encourage people to take a few years to consider their options.
No I live in the US.
I really like firmino but it's hard to replace Jesus, he links up so well with neymar and William. Firmino had a few chances and was disappointing with the team.
Nosso time está forte e bem preparado mas sem neymar acho que vai dar empate. 1-1 ou 2-1 com gol do Coutinho de fora da área no final.
One way or another it will happen. Right now they just can’t discharge the loans, but that doesn’t magically guarantee they can pay back.

Making a loan without risk is a welfare program, and not too far removed from what happened in the housing market.
Not all stem degrees are created equal. Some engineering programs, computer science, math, and physics have good returns but others like bio, chemistry, environmental, and even civil engineering don't.

The issue from student debt is much more complex than just people picking un marketable majors. College demographics changed dramatically over the last decade and a half. What was considered non traditional students (first gen students, minorities, part time) now make up the majority of enrollment.

Cuts in federal funding, along with subsidized loans have driven up tuition costs. And on top of that the 6 year graduation rate for 4 year public universities hovers around 50% (it's slightly better for private, and much worse for for profit).

You can sure blame millenials all you want, but these same people are who will drive down property values from boomers since they won't be able to afford housing until their 40s, and kill jobs because they can't consume.

IMO the risk has to be shifted to banks and institutions. Penalize colleges with terrible graduation rates and poor performance, allow students to default so banks have some skin in the game.
Eles devem ter chamado a equipe do PES para dar nome nos personagens.
Its okay but nothing really special. Personally I just read a couple of news papers (NYT, WSJ, WaPo for US News), BBC, Folha, Veja for international/brazilian and listen to podcasts.
Yeah that's how Brazil is playing. Gabriel Jesus has double duties as a playmaker and a striker, certainly not the number 9 we had in Ronaldo or Romario but also great in his way.
Can Mbape play on the left? Dembele, Griz, and Mbape sound like a solid front 3.
Kante can play defensive midfielder to give room for pogba to move ward, but I think I'd like to see him in a box to box role because he is so good going forward.
Son, Martial, and Musa or Gabriel Jesus last year too.
Im Brazilian and I eat beans most days of the week. It is not uncommon to find tiny rocks in bags of dried beans, the water after a soak comes out pretty grimy as well (which is why you shouldn’t use the water from the soak). I don’t know anyone in Brazil who doesn’t soak their beans.

Maybe you can get away just rinsing them. I’ve only cooked unsoaked once and experienced discomfort, but that could very well because I was expecting that.

Most advice online also calls for soaking them. The reason is to clean, release some of the gases, and rehydrate to cut down on cooking time.

Most Brazilians also manually sort their beans to get rid of the bad ones, but I find that unnecessary.

A good tip for cooking them is when they are almost done simmering, to get a scoop or two out, mash them, and then put them back. That will thicken the broth and make them taste even better.
Its not for everyone but I really enjoy playing single country teams because you can pull from many leagues.
I really like Ederson, don't know if you're gonna get much of an upgrade from him.

He is specially good as a sweeper keeper.
To be fair Brazil rarely ever plays in Brasilia. They have four or five main stadiums in Rio, São Paulo, Belo Horizonte, and a few games a played elsewhere.
If it's sold as lager bricks couldn't they potentially use it for construction?
Qual é a opinião no Brasil?

Acho isso um mal necessário, lobby de um jeito ou de outro sempre vai acontecer, melhor que seja regularizado.

Mas por outro lado ele essencial regulariza uma parte da corrupção.
They do play pretty good music though. They will be added to my long list of artists that I have to separate the music from the human.
Say hello to gas. You soak them to clean and release some of the gases. 
Canned beans taste like shit and have a horrible texture.
Still need to soak and wash them over night. Dry beans always come dirty, if you don't clean them it might makes you gassy and bloated.

A good trick is clean and pressure cook a big batch (unseasoned). Then when you beans, add olive oil, garlic, and onion to a pot, then add the frozen beans with a bit of additional water and salt.

It will thaw in a few minutes and taste like fresh beans.
Most never leave Australia though.
If anything a market driven system is about as minimal as it gets because you need government mostly to enforce property rights. Any more minimalist than that and you are bordering anarchy (or anarcho capitalism, or Marxist communism, or any other stateless society).

A market system is minimalistic because you strip away the complexity and burocracy that comes from central planning.

Environmental issues could be tackled with a market approach, given that you use government to provide and regulate public goods (Coase literary wrote the book on that).
But there is some truth to that. Fertility rates and household sizes are going down. Obviously that's not the only factor but I'd imagine it's a big one when your market is children.
I’m very conflicted about this. Because on one hand it sounds like a huge privacy breach, but on the other was really that different from a regular targeted ad campaign based on interests, page likes, and marketing spiel from Cambridge Analítica?

I think the issue of Facebook creeping in on phone numbers and call history is more alarming.
Unless you're brewing robusta coffee you're not gonna get much more than 1% caffeine content by mass for unroasted beans.

So at a 1:13 ratio even if you were to extract all caffeine in the beans you're not gonna get more than 280mg of caffeine in a 12oz cup if you're using Arabica beans.

If you're going to a specialty roaster it's very unlikely that they are using Robusta because that's the cheap, undesirable coffee.
We know according to their website that a 12oz cup of their coffee has between 195-270mg of caffeine.

We know that unroasted coffee beans are about 1% caffeine by weight,and that I brew my coffee at a 1:13 coffee to water ration.

To make math simple, let's assume I use 1oz of coffee and 12oz of water, and that for whatever reason I don't roast my beans and get perfect extraction. That would leave me with 280mg of caffeine.

We know that's not realistic because we lose caffeine during the roasting process and we don't get perfect extraction, this must imply that Starbucks uses a higher coffee to water ratio than I do.
Thats a pretty high amount even when compared to the same volume brewed at home, which suggests they do use a lot of beans per cup.
I was also going by the caffeine content. The amount of caffeine per cup of Starbucks coffee is pretty high.
You can find some decent deals on eBay and swappa. I picked up a 256gb X for $950 which will likely be more in line with the new price.
I disagree with that. Starbucks and Tim Hortons coffees are pretty strong, they also seem to only brew dark roasts (even Starbucks light roast is actually pretty dark).

I don't like the taste of them, but they sell the coffee in the store if you enjoy it.
Its so fucking annoying. On the wl I go from wining 8 out of 10, then lose the next 8, and then win enough to squeeze by a gold three finish.

Its not like I became a shitier player in a short amount of time.
I had the opposite fear based on our line up last match, but it made sense. Go in the offense against weaker teams, and play a solid defense against the other powerhouses.
Because William is playing very well on the right and he has never used Jesus as a winger nor have we played a two striker formation.

Firmino in place of Jesus could work if dropped one of mids (possibly paulinho) for Costa but that would leave us vulnerable.
Not really.

Casimiro will be the deepest, followed by fernandinho and then Paulinho making runs inside the box.

So you have Casimiro in front of your defense, fernandinho in the edge of the box, and paulinho inside.

All three are capable of defending and will track back.
I'm not as concerned about Marcelo as I am of Alves.

Sane is very pack, so we will rely on Casimiro and fernandinho to break his legs because Alves probably won't get in position in time.
Its a huge tactical change. Instead of three attacking mods + Gabriel (who plays as essentially a false 9 swaping positions with the other 3), Tite is going with a much more defensive and leg breaking midfield.

I think that's a very good choice.

Basically on the game against Russia he ran a team designed to put pressure on a parked bus, this team is meant to absorb pressure and we will probably hit hard on counter attacks.
I can see why he played that formation against Russia, they don't have the firepower that Germany has so an additional attacking mid was a good test against teams that park the bus.

I disagree with your thoughts on Douglas Costa, he made many important runs and played pretty well.
Praise Tite! Playing coutinho through the center would be suicide.

Thats the perfect lineup to go against Germany (I'd maybe go back to Marquinhos Miranda duo though).

I still think that without neymar Germany has a slight edge but it will be a good game to put our team to the test.
To be fair that's probably his last world cup at peak level. Even for freaks of nature like Messi and Ronaldo, 34 is quite old and his playing style is likely to be less effective at that age.
Except for forwards and it was well known we were hyper dependent on Neymar.

Jo and Fred were already a joke back there, and to be fair pior to the world cup the team did play very well.
His only problem IMO is his shitty heading. Outside of that I have no complains.

He scores from anywhere with long shots, firts nicely with my slow playing style.
If you set him to stay back he is wasted.

After using him for 500 games or so (wl and squad battles mostly), he is not as good at crossing as Telles (but still amazing), and has much better dribbling.

The way I use him is to always overlap, but I cutinside with him early in the pitch and look for a final or second to final pass. He plays essentially as an RM for me, and my CDM covers his runs.

In that sense he is fantastic, dribbling is very smooth despite the lack of skills, and his finishing is passable.
IMO Telles is better than Sandro.

He is the most deadly LB I've ever used. Slap engine on him and set him to always overlap, every cross is a goal if you do it in either the second or third to last line of tye pitch.

Anyone from Gabriel Jesus and above will be able to either head or volley.

Edit: I've tried to replace him with PTG Sandro and both baby or mid Carlos, he is better than both.
Sadly that's how I feel too. At least when the dems govern they don't do shit , but when Republicans govern they make shit shittier.
November will the time to put all the frustration to work.

I am not a democrat, but I honestly feel like the Republicans are auctioning the best in US to the quickest bidder, so even though senate control is a long shot I think the dems have a good chance to make a dent at Republicans in the house.

I hope all the momentum drive those votes,
Dude it's /r/washingtondc everyone is progressive as fuck here. Hilary lost because she was a shitty candidate and Trump got outside help, let's not pretend we didn't know the rules of the game.

Yes she won the popular vote and would have been a much better (or at the very least more sane president), but he won and the demonstrations show that a ton of people are pissed.
Never heard of you guys but JD McPherson is amazing live (and Nick Waterhouse) the fact you're touring with him makes interested.
So it's totally fine to say that Peles record is only so good because he played against weaker opponents.

Yeah sure so making a hypothetical is perfectly fine when it undermines his record.

If you want to comprehend just stats than Pele is from another planet even when you compare him against Messi and Ronaldo.
What he achieve within his generation and time context surpasses Messi's or Ronaldos legacy. That's the type of player he was.
The quality gap is all driven by the advancements in technology, of they had access to the same quality of training and tech the average would have been the same.

I'd give it to you that players were less technical, but they were a lot more physical. If you put a player like neymar in a game with the 50s rules he would come out of the pitch in a wheelchair.
If neymar was playing against the same quality of defense he would he in a wheel chair.
Then just look at his record. https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/messi-is-better-than-maradona-but-maybe-not-pele/
No fucking way he is better.

Put Pele today, give him access to the best doctors, equipment, and actually have rules while on the pitch instead of the free for all that was the 50s and 60s. He would dominate even more than he already did.

Pele is from another planet, his record is so ridiculous it sounds made up, the highlights you can find today make no sense.
Sim e com House of Cards eles can aprender que o próprio governo deles também é uma merda.
You don’t even need to finess, just aim on the general direction and it will go win.
Like this https://youtu.be/wObSXNjn2BM
We are just lacking a good RB. I’m a huge Alves fan, but he is 34, I don’t want to relive that France game that Roberto Carlos basically forgot to defend because he was adjusting his sock.

What sucks is that we don’t have a good alternative unless we play an LB (which were beyond stacked).
Yes geromel was fine, he didn’t make our defense fragile, but every other sub was a substantial downgrade and in the last 20 minutes we lacked cohesion.


It shows that we can afford to lose Neymar, a CB, and maybe one of Douglas Costa, Coutinho, or William.

If we lose two attacking mids, or lose Casemiro, Paulinho, or Alves we’re fucked.

Edit:

Forgot we have Fernandinho in the bench, we might be able to lose one of the cms.
We played well but holy shit our subs sucked today.

Firmino was shit, taison was losing the ball as soon as he got it, where the fuck was Fred, and if fagner pulls something like that again I’ll break my tv. 

Geromel was fine, and Renato Augusto didn’t do much.
Coutinho
He is such a good poacher it’s unbelievable.
No, what I’m saying is he wants the border wall and a daca compromise is the only way to achieve it.
Yes, but they aren’t excited about democrats either.

If a republican president and congress pass legislation that the dems have failed for 15 years, it may start a long term trend to turn those voters red (Latinos are generally very conservative already).

That won’t happen by November, but what may happen is reduce the Latino Democrat turn out.
When trump got elected everyone was afraid he was gonna outright cancel daca, and let everyone expire. The tone changed to “he set a hard deadline, or else this will never get done.”

It’s been a roller coaster, www.dreamact.info has an excellent forum and it’s a good resource to get the perspective of daca recipients.

I am not a trump fan, far from that, but immigrant community is not a safe base for the dems, and right now they likely wouldn’t vote in large numbers due to the disappointment at dems.
It’s actually not a bad play. If you follow the immigrant community they are pissed  at democrats for failing at delivering the dream act for 15+ years.

If republicans play their cards well they could capture a decent chunk of the Latino base, or at least make them stop voting in droves for democrats in November.

Also border wall.
Play squad battles at the highest difficulty you can comfortably win. Even playing at professional should be enough for gold 1.

The most simple way to make a profit is by opening bronze packs and listing everything that sells (players, pace cards, squad fitness, but it takes a long time and it’s very boring.

Do as many profitable SBCs as you, there are guides in this sub or use Futbin to find a target (use their player suggestions as guidelines).
He is decent. Not enough crossing and curve for how I use my full backs, but an excellent sub (I run my full backs to the ground so I have to sub at ET), or for an alt team. I’d rate him above florenzi, but it won’t be a major upgrade.
He is always gassed out at cam for me because he keeps trying to win back the ball. At ST with press back line and false 9 he can easily go 90 minutes and maybe extra time at a long shot taker role.
There are a lot of good Brazilian cards in the PL for attack. Jesus, Firmino, and Willian should set you up to a good attack with nice links.

If you don’t mind playing off chem, Naldo is a beast at 7 chem. Nearly maxed out long shots, power, and strength.
Firmino will outperform jesus in most cases, del piers can fulfill the pacy striker role.
Depends how he plays. If full backs stay behind he will lose on width but makes the formation more defensive. IMO I’d move Rooney or Delpiero to CAM, or drop Jesus for delpiero and get a more defensive mid with overlapping fullbacks.
Kaka doesn’t have the stamina for CM. Even CAM is pushing.

I’m using him as a false 9 and he goes the entire game.
Too bad Campari is unnecessarily expensive, it’s one of my favorite cocktails but I’m not buying $60-$90 worth of booze for just a few cocktails. In my area a bottle of Campari alone is $30, add in a decent bottle of gin and that’s another 20-40, plus the sweet vermouth (which apperantoy you can only get ultra cheap or ultra expensive here) and it’s quite a pricy drink.
I thought it was Lebanese.
Park the bus exists in real life so it should stay. What I want to see is for EA to stop gimping my passes when I have over 60% possession. 

You want to park the bus? Sure but if I have 70-80% possession (which happens in real life too) then you’ll get crushed unless you’re actually good at parking.
IMO Rooney is best used as a CM or CF, maybe a striker with false 9. With a player like him you will want to have him holding the ball, banging shots from outside of box, and winning the ball high in the pitch.
Define typical non elite? I upgraded from FUTMAS Paulinho to MOTM Talisca (neither elite but huge difference), and the difference is night and day. I have a competitive WL squad , and anything above talisca would be an elite player, Rooney seems better in every way but height so I’d consider him an elite player.
I never tried coconut water but I always brew with raw cane sugar. Never had a problem.
Without top players you can’t increase the quality.

The quality in the Brazilian league sucks because they can’t retain talent. The MLS will be at best in the same boat as South American leagues, but without their outstanding youth academies to generate homegrown talent.
Por que no los dos?
I have a bachelors degree in economics and all I learned was that I know nothing about beyond the general intuition and seminal papers.

Grad level Econ is a whole other universe and you’re better off majoring in math or computer science if you ever want to truly understand it.
I got excited about the lineup for this festival.
But that’s a dual edged sword. Sure it keeps the league competitive at the cost of quality.

The MLB doesn’t have salary caps and it seems pretty competitive (I don’t follow as much baseball though).
No way, a top South American player would go to Europe. They could get a competitive wage for lower and mid tier players(late career Fred for example)  but they’d never get Arthur or Vinicius Jr.
I agree, but it would be suicide to play that team against Germany.
It’s a trade off. Alves is essentially a deep lying play maker, I’m not sure about Fabinho as an RB (though he was a mid), but we certainly need a defensive option.
What’s up with American sports and salary caps. The league is never going to attract prime talent when these players could make more abroad.
You have enough young talent to do just that. The core of the team is under 26.
Brazil.

Continue the work Tite has done, team is defined.

For most games same formation Tite uses but without Augusto.

Neymar, Jesus, William; Fernandinho, casemiro, Paulinho; Marcelo, Marquinhos, Miranda, Alves; Alison.

If playing against a bus drop Jesus and put in firmino, drop Fernandinho and put coutinho.
I really don’t like the idea of coutinho in the middle. It will make us vulnerable defensively with Alves and Marcelo bombing forward.

I am not a fan of Augusto, but I think Fernandinho would be a better starter over coutinho.

This way we would play Neymar, Jesus, William or coutinho, and without Neymar it be Douglas Costa or Coutinho, Jesus, and William.

IMO either you replace alves with a more defensive option (which we really don’t have a great choice) to accommodate 3 attacking mids/wingers, or play with 2 box to box mids and a holding (Casemiro).

Another option would be to play firmino (which Tite is likely to do for these friendlies) since he contributes defensively more than Jesus. But even though we’re going with this set up Jesus is still the defacto starter with or without Neymar.
Better yet, SE. same specs as the 6 but no 3D Touch.
The goal is to create a drink that can be a beer substitute.

So my target is carbonation, and 5-6% alcohol, but it can also be stored for long periods of time (1-2 months), without getting more sour or exploding due to carbonation.

I don’t want to naturally build alcohol because it takes a long time and it’s hard to be precise on the amount of alcohol in the final drink since traditional methods of measuring abv in beer won’t work for kombucha. By adding vodka I can get a precise amount + the low amount produced in 2F.
There has to be other ways to get rewards.

A few ideas would be to lower the cost of draft or allow for one entry a day with less rewards (tournament style, random squads, decent rewards). Also different tiers of leagues with rewards.

I think SB is a good start but it just becomes mind numbing after a few months.

I’d like to see high reward modes that encourage diverse play styles and teams, and the best way to accomplish this seems to be by introducing more tournament style modes with changing restrictions.
Same, I burp mine every morning before showering because I've had geysers before. Every day or 12 hours depending on the fruit.
It really depends on the scoby. I started two batches in parallel and one of them will produce similar carbonation as the OP, while the other not as much. Also which fruits you use. Strawberries are great to build carbonation, this batch I will try to use pineapple and coconut.
I really don't see a problem with this.
My entire B team. At any point either neymar or PTG Jesus will be there.

Any time I make formation changes I have to take a hard look at who goes and who stays. The only regulars are my back five and firmino because he is a beast.
Meanwhile Brazil is stacked and has a great manager. Let's go get that sixth star!

I'm setting myself up for disappointed but I haven't been this excited about our team in a long time.
That makes no sense. Citizens don't get to review and state their case anyway, that's the role of Representatives and when you introduce an amendment that's exactly what happens. You need to discuss and vote on the amendment itself.
Chlorine evaporated quickly no?
The only problem with the phone was the camera.
I never measure my started but I brew a 4 cup concentrate, then dilute it in 8 cups. Works well and fits a gallon most of the time.

Recently I’ve been using more starter and less dilution because I ant it to be ready faster (making about 1.5 gallons a week on two separate jars).
But now he thinks mom is playing.
Pretty sure I remember him take about it early on on brazilian TV.
Yeah it comes down to exposure. If you slow down in the first third minutes or so I'll get used to the accent, but it's hard to pick up on the spot because usually Brazilians don't have much exposure to the portuguese accent.
MySpace never had the user base or the resources Facebook has.

Instagram getting too big? Buy them. Whatsapp being a messenger competitor? Buy them.  What was the last major social network that appeared after Facebook and is not owned by Facebook? Only snap chat comes to mind and they are having problems of their own and no where near in a position to challenge Facebook.

At this point Facebook is too strong.
He only sold a very small amount and usually they have to announce that they are selling months ahead of time.
Kaka and PTG Jesus or neymar.
I think aggression is how much space the CBs will leave, while marking is their ability to track runs.
They will probably do a gift pack based on how many you completed.

Still not worth it.
I moved Kaka to ST in my main team after a brief stint in my B team.

Holy shit he is the best striker I've used all year by a long mile. Just don't run with him, you don't have to anyway, he will bang any ball in from anywhere he has a clear shot.

He shines at false 9.
Dude is second inky to Messi in number of assists. Absolutely a legend and one of the greatest full backs of all time, he is fucking 34 and stay playing (albeit saying fuck you I'm tired of defending).
But who needs hair when your regalia fits that well. I wish my clothes fit as as good as that jacket and pants.
Yeah but Tite has mentioned Telles and Fagner as options, surprised by the ismaily call.
Then you have the means to get it, you just are prioritizing other cards. 120k is worth even if you just use him in an SBC because if his rating.
Its just like pre patch. No one can defend and games end 13-11.
But why even care about Kaka if you're only a casual player? If you can't sell a few players from your squad in middle of the games life cycle to get 120k, his regular card would probably be inline with the rest of your squad.

You don't have to grind to 120k just sell a few players. Any one playing for 1-2 months should have enough to raise the funds even if you only play a few SB games a week.
Even if you play it only on weekends, that's like 2 or 3 weeks of SB rewards. You can easily get gold 1 playing only weekends.
Its the player value that matters. I did Kaka with 50-60k because everything was I'm the club already (could have been a lot cheaper but I wanted it fast and did without planning).

IMO 120k for that card is fair. That's the cost of a mid range IF.
Weird Telles didn't get the call, or one of players playing in Brazil.
You can't get it in your price range, and every thing will have trade offs.

To get what you want you'll need $1000+.

A moka pot or aero press might fit the taste and volume category but they are not automated.

A cheapish espresso machine will be around your budget but low volume and not as automated.

A keurig machine with reusable cup could work but you're compromising the quality of the coffee.

Maybe if you look at used commercial office coffee machines. Just keep in mind that anything with an integrated milk dispenser will be a nightmare to maintain.
They do have an edge but honestly iOS keeps getting bloated so much that it slows down your phone. My iPhone 7 is already showing signs of slow downs and quite frankly the performance difference between an iPhone and a flagship android is minimal on daily use cases.

iphones should have longer longevity because of frequent updates and better performance, but somehow android is on that sweet/shit spot that older phones don't get updates and therefore they don't slowdown due to a bloated newer version.
Apple is actually in a position to capture the mid range and low end market (very important but not as profitable), but I wonder if a move like this would hurt then long term.

Apple is a status symbol in developing countries. If they managed to release an SE smartphone every year, with updated specs at a slightly lower price point ($300) it would be more than a luxury brand in the developing world.

Apple is so ahead on chip design that they could essentially rebrand one or two year old chips and go toe to toe against the latest 600 series snapdragon processors. This would create the perception of new hardware while still delivering better performance than similar priced Android phones.
You could tie it to a calculated field if the condition is based on a dimension.

Something like

If category = furniture then [sale] else [profit] end
The problem is you can delete your Facebook but you can't get rid of it.

They own instagram and whatsapp. They also track you in pages that have the like/share button. Even of you go all privacy centric, block all scripts and ads, all it takes is one third party app that integrates with Facebook or a partner ad network and you'll still be tracked.
You'd probably want to add Miranda to that list. High risk because he is already pretty expensive but you get a 86 brazilian inter player.
Yeah I love Kaka but I'm glad he is cheap and has a flaw.

I'd argue he deserved at least 70 stamina because he is more expensive than pirlo was and also has a bad league (but great country links though).
I had most of the players in my squad, and I run two all brazilian teams and never sold a brazilian player. So if you account for the players I had it wasn't too bad.

The first squad was a mix of brazilian and PL players, while the second squad was mostly all brazilian with a few Italian carry overs from my previous team.

No one was terribly expensive but prices are high now.

A few players I remember using were Giuliano, Belotti, Bonaventura, bravo, Kaka, Miranda, Rose, otomendi, Casimiro (second most expensive), and so on. Miranda was the highest rated on either squad and OTW sigurigson the most expensive.

I didn't keep track and it was probably not the optimal combination but I only bought two expensive players (Casimiro and OTW sigurigson), and a few fillers.
With his long shots he is still effective though, just play him as a false 9 or cam with stay in position and stay forward, conservative interception.
I was surprised I did him with what I had in the club for 60k without using pirlo, and the only casualty was Miranda (CB in my B team). The most expensive card was OTW sigurigson but there was probably a cheaper way of doing him. I just Ed wanted the card really bad.
I'm having a hard time fitting him on starting lineup in my main BR squad 433(5), Firmino is just too good at CF and Talisca is the best CM (playing as a false CAM) that I've used this year.

If I switch to a two striker formation he will be there.
Alisson is so under rated, I was very skeptical of his role in the NT given that we have ederson, but he has earned his spot.
Injuries will ruin a career. Unless you are R9 because then you say fuck you to two career ending injuries and win a world cup.
Not the same but Giuliano last year was similar. They gimped him this year, not as strong as last year's IFs and no 5*. He was part of my três amigos with Jonas and Firmino.
There is pretty good evidence that players are boosted in their first few games, but I hope he continues to perform for my team.
“Dig in”
Fire damage for sure. With leather armor he would have disadvantage on his save, and it would ignite the bike on a crit.
Haha aqui nos Estados Unidos os policiais acham que são militares. O lobby que eles fazem para adquirirem recursos do exército é enorme.

Baltimore por exemplo tem um drone que voa pela cidade fotografando, quando algum crime acontece eles podem rever as fotos e traçar o caminho dos bandidos.

Em Atlanta a polícia pediu às informações de todos os smartphones que estavam no mesmo bairro que o crime aconteceu.

Em Arizona e Novo México eles compram blindados e armamentos pesados como se fossem biribinhas.

Os Estados Unidos é um péssimo exemplo de como manter uma força policial, o abuso de poder é enorme.
They are very common in DC as well.
It’s why I want to build enough experience to start working consulting gigs. Short term tech projects, 6 months max. The dream is to help tech teams take a product to market, or swap a key component, or implement, and then bail out to the next project.
You can almost recreate the magical square with Ronaldo, Adriano, Kaka, and Ronaldinho.

So much talent to go down in flames.
You laugh but people just don't buy thick phones. You put two phones side by side, exactly the same specs, but one is thicker with a bigger battery, and the skinny phone will sell better.
I'm just afraid of battery life. I've had mine since it came out and use it daily as my office headphones for music and about 4 hours of conference calls a day.

The battery no longer lasts for two hours in a phone call which sucks because I frequently have back to back calls.
I heard that Ukraine means the outlands or border lands so it's not too outlandish to call it the Ukraine, kind like we say the Netherlands.

But I also heard it's offensive to Ukrainians, so I always try to avoid the "the" even though it comes out sometimes.
French bread with butter on a skillet. It's been my breakfast for 26 years, and it never gets old.
I’m submitting purloined for him. Shouldn’t be too expensive then.
My cat will randomly bite and scratch if you over pet him, or just because fuck you I’m a cat. No way I would ever treat a tiger like a house cat.
Idk if it's just me but I hate French press coffee with the recommended grind. I have a Bodum grinder that has a French press setting, I also asked my local roaster to grid it for French press and the result is usually the same.

Weak dirt tasting coffee. A finer grid wields much better results for me (in my grinder it's closer to drip or pour over grind).

Aeropress is too clean, it doesn't work well with darker roasts IMO (I use a moka for those or French press).
IMO 4335 is not good for central play because the CF is isolated, but it's the best to get wingers to cut inside (if you overlap with your full backs).

My set up is that the cdm stays behind, LCM joins attack, and RCM is default. Then both full backs overlap.

LW get in behind, cut inside, and stay forward.

RW come short, stay wide.

CF is target man.

Very strong on the wings, with the option to cut inside from the left and bombard crosses from the right. The only downside is that it's a fairly slow formation that relies on possession and passes (short and long ball switches).
No way he will last in 4222. CAMs play as wingers in that formation. He could be a good cam in 41212 or as the central cam in 4231.
Same here. I love how 433-5 plays, it's very good at overloading the flanks and cutting inside.

5212 is imo the best crossing formation in the game and on par with 4335 st maintaining possession.

4231 is always my fall back.
I'm really pissed at WL. My first 10 games I won 8, the next 10 I won 2, and the next 10 I won 8 again.

I had a 10 game losing streak, it's fucking ridiculous. You can tell when you're being boosted or held back, the change in the way your players move, and the quality of opponents is palpable.
There was a big flu scare in my senior year of high school, so you could have unlimited absences and still qualify for senior exam excemption.

I finished the year with 47 absences, and 15 early leaves, managed to pull of straight As on most of my classes and closed the year with my highest GPA ever (4.6 thanks to honors and AP).

It was the best think I could have asked for as a high school senior.
Romario.
Isn’t this their second season with guardiola? Looks like it didn’t take them that long to figure it out.
Yeah but there are limits on what spending will do during a recession. The whole ordeal with Greece was what happens when you can't spend during a recession because your institutions are so shitty that no one will lend you money, and Germany won't let you default.
The bistro is pretty good value. It's hard to find a grinder at this price range em that is consistent.
Usually I would agree, but with overlapping full backs you need 90+ stamina.

I run toty alves to the ground.
But that’s exactly why we need him. Alves adds a dimension to the team that no other full back can do.

Marcelo bombs forward, and Dani Alves plays as essentially a deep lying play maker. We never had traditional full backs.

Marcelo is fast enough to track back, Alves is 34, he needs someone to cover.
No way apple will push macs especially a desktop for pre college.

They will market ios for elementary through high school and macbook for college.

Someone mentioned a possible arm macbook which frankly is bound to happen but I don't think we will see it this early.

Edit:

For those that are forgetting, the whole "what is a computer" campaign is targeted at children and it's iOS devices, Apple wouldn't change their strategy so quickly.

Mac mini will come as a modular mac, probably as a pro replacement with modular design.
No IMO that’s fair and much better than what they did with son last year or the ridiculously expensive CDM David Luiz .

I hopefully it will be an affordable fantastic card with a flaw.
I highly doubt it. Education will likely focus on mobile so at most iPads and maybe cheaper MacBooks or the return of the return of the white MacBook .
Vandalism yes, but holy shit I hope that bridge wasn’t actually being used. I get that columns can sustain a lot of force going down, but I’d image a bridge would also be able to sustain an impact of let’s say a car hitting it.
OTW is fantastic but then again I got him as soon as he came out for 50k or so. He is a top keeper and imo the best for starting counters.
Except he isn't when you have someone to cover his runs. Alves is still an amazing passer, but he needs someone like Casimiro to cover for him.

Alves is the reason Tite is so insistent on Renato Augusto. Augusto and Casimiro hold the midfield while the full backs bomb forward and Paulinho plays as a false attacking mid. It's also the reason coutinho cannot play centrally unless we drop Paulinho and keep Casimiro and Augusto (or hopefully a better holding mid like Fabinho or maybe Arthur).
The only way Sandro would start is if Marcelo or alves get injuried or carded, and even then it's a stretch for him to play RB. He has never played RB under Tite, but he will be second in line as LB.

Regardless, even though I really like Felipe Luis, I'm happy to see Sandro in the squad.
Finally an Alves alternative for my all brazilian squad. I've been improvising an LB there.

Also very happy about Felipe Anderson. He will be part of my B team with PTG Jesus and Giuliano.
I have no idea what you’re talking about. Brazil ceased to be an empire in 1888 and was a functioning democracy until the 1930 coup that lasted through the end of WWII. After 1945 Brazil remained a democracy until the CIA backed 1964 coup.

Both coups happed due to fear of communism, the second had direct involvement from the US and it coincides with the military rules in Argentina, Chile, Paraguay, Bolivia and Uruguay.

While it’s true the entire region flirted with autocratic rulers, they all had functioning democracies until the CIA coordinated multiple coups in the region.
I’m sure toppling over democratic elected leaders in the region to install military puppets helped a ton.
But then we’re stuck with pense.
I don’t mind fiscal responsibility either, but the republicans always blow up the budget with tax cuts.

Tax cuts are essentially the same thing as government spending but it’s a top down approach.
You can kind of gage when you need to burp the bottles as soon as you start 2F. If it bubbles a lot then burp every day, 2 days max, if not so much then every 2-3 days.

Continue second ferment for as long as you want but always burp.

I generally transfer to fridge at day 3.

I've been showered with kombucha multiple times, but never had a bottle explode. Also use fresh fruit for better carbonation (pineapple and strawberries are best imo).
I made a mistake meat to say new are quad pre 8th gen are dual. Corrected in the post.
Absolutely not. I think iOS apps can be just as good as desktop apps, especially when you only compare to the Mac side of the equation.

But I pads cannot replace a laptop in any form of office type of environment.

A MacBook pro running IOS apps would be fantastic.
After owning a MacBook pro with touchbar for 4 months it confirmed my original assumption that it is bad design and only complicates taste for people that are touch typist.

I think safari is the best example.

All of the touchbar functionality can be done faster with the keyboard. Short cut to address bar? Cmd L has been around for ages, New tab or window? Cmd T or N.

Volume control and brightness control went from a one touch operation to a click and drag action. Excel is only usable with function keys (that are way too many excel shortcuts to ever fit them in the touchbar).

I seriously hope they don't try to push this concept any further.

I think a dual screen device could work, because for the majority of the time I'm either docked to a big screen and proper keyboard, or I need mobility and light work. But as it stands the touchbar is a distraction.
All U series are dual core, all 13 inch models use the U series (including the i7U).

The new 8th gen u series are quad cores.

The only current quad core macbook pros are the 15inch (all configurations).

I think that's what you meant but just clarifying it.
Pilon was my parents go to in Brazil, bustelo is easier to find in the US and it's pretty good.

Its a nice break from all the light roast and super fruity coffee I find at local roasters. Mieli also has some pretty good blends.
Roberto Firmino spiritual animal.
Aso you shouldn't be able to convert strikers to cdm, and wide players should be able to play attacking midfield at no chem change.

A LW in real life can play LAM much more easily than a striker can be converted into LAM. At a central attacking midfield role I can see why wingers would take a penalty though.
I am working on two brazilian teams I want recommendations on how to build them.

The goal is to have a WL team and a fitness squad battles team that I can all pull subs for the main team.

There is no budget requirement outside of very high end players (special neymar or icons), everyone else is fairgame. Ideally they wouldn't have any player overlaps outside of keeper.

This is the main team now: https://www.easports.com/fifa/ultimate-team/web-app/?showoffId=dgkDbHYZLYE:FFA18XBO

This is the B team:

https://www.easports.com/fifa/ultimate-team/web-app/?showoffId=kKPeplAPLYF:FFA18XBO

Thanks!

Edit:

My favorite formations are 5212, 433 (false 9), and 4231 but I'm flexible with formations. I prefer to play with overlapping full backs but that's not a requirement.
Fuck. I just sold my Italian team to buy a second Brazilian team. I'm at 17 special cards (granted a big chunk are PTG/OTW cards), but I think I should have waited before pulling the trigger on some of those cards.

A lot of them I bought to use and I don't expect upgrades (Lucas Moura), but I bought MOTM Talisca for 120k, he is bond to get a tots, and I hope I can still cash in both teams to build a competitive tots team when that rolls around.
They should have blocked all notifications as well. On  Xbox you get a notification when you score a chip prompting to press the Xbox button to view the recording.

If you do that you lose the match.
Thats not how you spell Vietnam.
To be fair that's not really that special. Pele, puskas, and Eusébio all played at roughly the same time.
He did this at libertadores, that's the south american champions league.
Man with Arthur, Vicinicius JR, Neymar, and Gabriel Jesus our national team is looking really good not only for this world cup but also for the next one or two.

This generation is bring back that post 2002 feel, which can be a good or a bad thing.
Yup been in the USA for years and I still brush my teeth after lunch. In my elementary school in Brazil after recess we would brush our teeths (with teacher supervision).
Pretty but useless. Sales and execs will love it!
Yes Brazil might even elect one of those guys that has been defending the military dictatorship because they were anti gay and pro family values.
The entire app is Playlist centric, all features are based around Playlists. Merging the local media and Playlist work flow is very simple as well, you just add them in a Playlist for local storage.

You consolidate an entire section of the app without disrupting functionality.

You still get the artist/album organization feature. The only thing you might potentially argue that you lost is the ability to quickly tell what is from your local library vs what is from spotify because now everything is integrated.
Spotify is Playlist centric. It's confusing to have two separate areas, it makes a lot of sense to consolidate everything under Playlists because all you have to do is create one and dump your off line tracks there.
Look at this fat cat with his fancy rise and beans, probably even seasons them. While the rest of us stretch a $.50 pack of lentils the whole week.
I know, I also believe in universal health care (single payer is tried and test but a market based approach could also work with a mandate).

What I hate is that the democrats had a great opportunity in Obama first two year, and all we got was Obama care.

The bill does get a few things right, but that fact that a democratic controlled super majority cannot pass anything beyond Obama care shows the unwillingness from both sides to actually reform what we have now.
When Obama care passed dems had control of both houses with a super majority in the senate. There were a lot of provisions that didn't make the cut because some democratic senators were threatening to block the bill all together.

Among other things were extension of Medicare/Medicaid which got through in a heavily crippled version, and price transparency.


Its a lot more nuanced than that. Liberals also don't want to change fundamental aspects of the health care system.

Any conversations related to disclosing price books are instantly shutdown and they are non starters.
Not a lot.

This vr gen is a decent start but headsets are still too low resolution and the tech is not mature.

A 1080 will allow you get better frames and maybe higher sampling but that still doesn't change the fact that the resolution sucks and textures are pretty low resolution.
Português traduz bem para o inglês. Tente traduzir uma música mpb pro inglês, vira algo bem poético.

No caso do Paulo Coelho, a tradução do alquimista para o inglês usa uma linguagem muito simples, tipo livro infanto-juvenil, mas a estrutura da língua da um tom de sabedoria para o autor.

Eu li o alquimista na escola aqui nos Estados Unidos, e depois li de novo em português. Em inglês ficou melhor pq é fácil identificar as partes mal escritas em português, mas na tradução em inglês elas soam "místicas."
Which makes perfect sense imo. I just have a Playlist called local storage and set it be downloaded. If the same sings are on other Playlists it will use the local copy.
African American history museum is new and totally worth the trip. The building is gorgeous and the exhibitions are great, but make sure you plan ahead because you need tickets.
You could take a river boat from old town to George Town or national harbor.

I'd expect to walk quite a bit when visiting dc.
There quite a few here in DC but they aren't cheap and are usually at touristy places (old town and George Town).
2 for 5 though. If I want a good burger I'll make it at home, if I want it fast I'll go to five guys, if I want it cheap I'll go to McD.
It would be hilarious. Ronaldo playing for a parked bus.
Look at the condiments. This is not a hipster establishment.
There is an app called quicksilver that by default launches on cmd space. It works faster than spotlight and can be used for expressions.
A midfield of fernandinho/paulinho/Casimiro could work but we will lack creativity.

A midfield with Paulinho/coutinho/Casimiro will leave us vulnerable.

We have the talent but it's tough to find the right combination.
I thought it was because of my external gpu so I formatted the machine and made sure to get rid of any tweaks needed for it to work.

Still restarts. So I use it mostly with windows now.
I work in tech. Staying 5-10 years in the same company is rare because it will slow your career and professional development. 18-36 months is enough time to go through multiple major projects, take a product to market, or a major platform change.

You can stick around for the same old same old, or jump to a new challenge to pick up new skills and a pay raise along the way.
I'm not arguing to get rid of SS, just that a 401k with SS is better than a pension system.
I don't know a single 401k plan that doesn't defaults to basic index funds plan and then converts into bonds the closer you are to retirement.

All of that can be legislated and regulated. What I am saying is that a 401k with a social security floor accomplishes pretty much every a pension system does without incouring a lot of its problems.
True but a pension vs a mandatory savings program is the same thing. You could also put the money into bonds, or have a public admin option.

With a pension the money is also, one way or another, finding it's way into the market anyway.
Thats including employer contribution. That family would have to save $1000 a month on $60k a year income without counting the controbution. It's on the high end but doable. What Fucks young people is that they already start off with $200-600 monthly loan payments.
That 6% figure makes sense once you put it into context.

The way my firms 401k is structured is that for every dollar I contribute, up to 10% of my salary they will add 50% of that contribution. This means that I have to reason to contribute to my 401k beyond 10 percent because I taxed on the interest I earn.

So what I do is I contribute to an IRA (dollars are post tax, but return is tax free) any excess savings that I may have. Overall my savings rate is closer to 15-20% of my income but my 401k contribution is only 10%.

So everymonth I'm saving 25% of my income if you account for the employer contribution.

Let's assume that a hypothetical family has my savings rate, and makes the median income (60k) and only get raises that keep up with inflation.

This family would be putting away 15k (including the employer contribution) a year or 1250 per month, assuming they get a modest real return of 4.5% a year they would have $1.6M saved after 40 years.

Now let's assume they live for 25 years after they retire, and don't earn any interest after that. They would $5.6k monthly income before social security kicks in.
And here I am hoping my MacBook will stop restarting everytime it goes to sleep on macos.
How's the end result different from a 401k with employer match and social security to establish a floor.

401k system rewards savers, while a pension is basically a forced savings program with some form of insurance either private or public.

Couldn't you accomplish the exact same results with a compulsory minimum 401k contribution?
Morei no Brasil até os 13 anos e nunca tinha jogado um jogo em português. 
Pensions wouldn't work in the modern economy. It ties labor to firms, and makes the labor market less liquid.

Personally I don't want to work for the same company for 5-10 years in the hope I get a sweet pension afterwards.
Yeah different strokes, but $200 for a charging mat seems really steep. It doesn't really do anything that you couldn't do 5+ ago for $20-$50.
I rather take it away from them and not have it myself.
Oh noes the baby boomers need more pork.
I have no use for this product. I only charge my phone in my car, and my airpods I connect once or twice per week. No apple watch but I imagine I'd charge it bedside in its charging cradle.
Terrible headline but interesting read. Surprising how it took this long  for Ford to test the Mustang in Europe, but at the same time I also feel like that this current generation is the only one that even had a chance in Europe.
That what my parents drink. It's pretty good to be fair, and I actually like some bitterness in my coffee.
Are they using the same criteria for defining and diagnosis? That's why you can't compare childhood mortality between countries without caveats, for example in Japan a birth is only counted if it survives x months, in the US it's counted as soon as it's out of the mother, dead or alive, thus the US has a much higher rate of childhood mortality but they are inherently different number.
Yeah this the last fifa I'm playing. I hardly log in anymore any way.
Hey that's my ex, she is four levels deep in cheating and dating.
And the added benefit of breaking excel faster so you can quickly move to a better application.
Thats why you also need a visualization tool like tableau or powerbi.

Honestly a lot of data prep cam be done in power pivot very easily and with am interface.
Are vb macros even needed now? I feel like by the time you have to script your own macros you've probably should move away from excel and into a more purpose built application.
Personally I'm really enjoying this set up. With an external 1060 the MacBook pro runs everything maxed out and it works very well for VR gaming as well.
I'm running an external gpu on my MacBook pro. That might be an option as well. Everything works great except for sleep which causes macos to restart, windows has great performance though.
Jonas is great, but look at it at tites perspective.

Jesus is the undisputed #9 and firmino is a sub. After firmino you probably won't get much action, so you have the option between a fantastic 34 year old or a 25 year old in great form.

Tite went with the younger guy as he will probably be around for the next world cup.
I really like them for conference calls but the battery life could be longer 

It will die after two hours of call time, but generally I can charge it between meetings.
I have a MacBook pro with windows installed. Every thing works out of the box.

Do I want to connect wireless mouse and keyboard? Done, Bluetooth wireless extender, thunderbolt raid driver, external gpu? Done done and done.

Meanwhile on macos I can't get half of those things working.

Also without quicksilver (search app), a window snap extension, and a system monitor extension, macos is unusable IMO.
I built my fifa team based on what Tite calls. Too bad fifa won't let me play how the Brazilian national team is actually set up.
A única língua que dá retorno monetário é o inglês. Com o tempo gasto aprendendo, vc tira um retorno melhor aprendendo Python, ou enfermagem, ou mecânica do que aprendendo espanhol, Mandarin, alemão, etc.

Edit:

Além do mais, a chance de você aprender uma língua depois dos 13 e chagar a fluência é  praticamente zero.
If you're having problems with 87 ederson the next upgrade probably won't make much difference.
No room for him. Jonas is old and he would be a third option, Willian Jose is a future prospect so Tite opted for him but I doubt he will get any play time.
Two games away from the wc is kit the time to test players. Talisca is fine because he has had a fantastic season, also maybe someone else in the midfield to replace Augusto (he has dropped in quality).
Not to shit on the Turkish league but Talisca is one of those players that I want to see in a top4 league. He is fantastic and could become a central piece of our national team.
With the inclusion of Talisca he has picked all players from my fifa18 except for Naldo. He has most of my bench too.
Casa gay que defende sua fazenda de maconha com rifles automáticos. 
Two strawberries per 500ml bottle is too much imo. I'd go with one. For black berries I'd use 3-5.
This would have been a great squad a few months ago but I doubt it's competitive now with so many special cards out.
He was great in the beginning but there are better CBs now.
Switch the ball a cross the field. I seriously never miss those reversals in the wl, but for some reason they don't work at all on SB.
I played him with finisher and hawk. I don't think he gets much from hunter.
I started off on a 8 game win streak and then went on a 10 game losing  streak, won 3 games and called it a weekend.

Fuck this shit.
I'm like that too. I play an all brazilian squad, outside of selling I have no use for Messi or Ronaldo and probably wouldn't use them either.

If I ever packed their toty I would sell right away to fund two teams.
Target man or false nine.
What the fuck does Brazil have anything to do with this? If anything the racial devide in the US is a lot more noticeable in the US then in Brazil, and neither have a caste system like in many middle eastern countries.
Yeah I never steping a foot in those countries. That are certain expects of their culture and ways that are objectively shitty and I don't want any thing to do with it.
IMO fresh fruit produces the most carbonation. Last time when I bottled my booch I compared sugar, with juice, and fresh fruit.

Strawberry carbonated by far the quickest, so much that I had to burp the bottle every 12 hours if left outside of the fridge. I used two strawberries per 500ml bottle.

Second was organic (but paustorized) mango juice, I used about 50-80ml per 500ml bottle. This could be left alone for two days.

Third (but very close) were black berries, three per bottle, buried every two days as well but slightly less Fiz.

Fourth was sugar, one teaspoon per bottle, buried every two days but noticibly less fizz than blackberries or mango juice.
Dc is pretty expensive too, but you can get a piece of tenderloin for $5 a pound, but if you buy the whole tenderloin it's $1.5 a pound. 
Fact: it used to be a lot worse, but thankfully things are getting better, and fast, for the world's poorest.
With 5-30 million you can probably buy each veteran a bag of peanuts.
It’s not uncommon to have an overall rating higher than any individual stat for the given category, that means that there are two possibilities either their weights can be over 1 but capped at 99 in the interface or completely subjective/hardcoded.

Since players of similar stats have different categories overalls, they either weight them by position or once again overall score is subjective.

Another possibility is that the weight is progressive, meaning that the weight itself is a function, so the closer you get to 99 the more it matters.

It’s either that or EA is too dumb to calculate a simple weighted average, which I highly doubt.
IMO he is doing that in case neymar is not ready in time or for times he gets the stupid red card.i highly doubt he will play Coutinho through the middle, that would change the entire team and make us very vulnerable with only Casimiro as a holding midfielder (Renato Augusto is a holding midfielder, a shitty one but still one).

Another scenario (assuming no neymar) is playing firmino with Jesus, Willian, and Coutinho because firmino tracks back and he can play attacking mid.

Regardless, I think it's almost a given that we won't have Neymar for at least one match due to a stupid red.
He is a sub with or without neymar.
I really doubt Tite would make this change. Brazil only played once with Coutinho, Willian, Jesus, and neymar at the same time. My money is on a midfield with Paulinho, Fernandinho, and Casimiro, with Neymar, Jesus, and Coutinho upfront.
I got Icardi and certainly won't do another one again. Too risky and I only care about two players. Gonna save my coins and purchase william+ Firmino outright.
Alexandro might take Felipe Luis spot. Marcelo is the starter but alexandro and luis are still fighting for a spot, if Marcelo gets injuried both would come.

Firmino is a sub and rarely gets play time. Willian is a 50/50 starter (either him or Coutinho starts, rarely both of them), but he would be a guaranteed started if neymar is still injured.
I'm selling mine to upgrade to PTG. It's only 100k more and he probably has another upgrade or two lined up.

My front three will be all PTG once some cards sell (Jesus, Giuliano, and Firmino).
Man that's a missed opportunity paulinho PTG card would be amazing as he is playing very well at barca and is a locked in starter for Brazil.
SIF Telles is the second best wing back in the game after TOTY Marcelo. Telles is actually better than TOTY alves, his crosses are insane.
You spelled SIF Telles wrong.
His kick is ridiculous. He launches so many counter attacks.
Firmino, and William are locked in for the Brazilian NT, Alex Sandro is a maybe.

William is 50/50 a starter, Alex Sandro and firmino are subs.
Because the formula could be ((97x1.2)+(97x.82))/2

There is nothing saying that the stats have to add to 99, but they could be capped at 99.

Toty Messi for example has 99 overall dribble but only two stats are maxed out.

For all that matter the overall formula could look like any function for a combination of stats but it's always capped at 99, or maybe they don't ever use a formula and the rating is completely subjective.
Acceleration could have an impact >1 to the overall rating while speed has <1 but the total is capped at 99.

Overal stats are not a simple average so stats have different weights assigned to them.
I believe acceleration accounts for more than speed.
Maple syrup é caro aqui nos Estados Unidos, mesmo os produzidos nos estates mesmo.
If nokia put out their on version of the Sony compact  series with a great camera and larger screen (same form factor but less bezels) I'd jump ships and I'd gladly pay $800-900 if it comes with 128gb, 4+ gb ram, latest processor, dual cameras, water proofing, and two day battery (like the compact).
Cold brew is probably your best option. 

Maybe a small frenchpress in each table but the logistics of adding hot water to all of them and the cost would be too much.

If coffee doesn’t have to be the center of attention maybe a nitro coffee station assuming you can rent the equipment. It would be hard to have enough to serve everyone but it looks nice and it’s something that’s probably new to most people and can be drunk like a beer.
Yeah I’ve been trying to develop healthy hobbies because drinking beer and video games whenever I have time off wasn’t really working.

I started a small indoor garden, brewing kombucha, and getting into coffee, but I also want to do something with my hands. Hard to find the space for woodwork or metalwork when you live in a tiny apartment but watch making seems both interesting and manageable with the space I have.
That video made me realize why these card are worth so much. It’s not that game collectors love it, but seems like it’s an easy way to launder money.

It’s kind of like buying art pieces, but cards are better because very few people have the expertise to know their value, and they still offer the advantage of moving huge sums of money efficiently and discreetly.
Because unfortunately there is no demand outside of specialty places, it's a shame because I really want to learn how to work clocks and watches because I find them neat.
Yeah, trucks come mind.
Passagens são sazonais. Uma passagem para o Rio custa mais em junho do que em janeiro, sem levar a sazonalidade do preço a conta não vale nada.
I get ultra on my MacBook pro 15 with an external 1060. I'll test with the internal AMD 450.
Unkightly works well but no thumbstick control only track pad.
The riff is the same as black sabbaths paranoid.
You're correct. Average loan size is 25k out of the 66% that did take on debt. https://studentloanhero.com/student-loan-debt-statistics/

Still that's a very high amount.
Not necessarily a poor people thing but I remember my parents used to do their groceries in Brazil’s at a super market distributer. The prices were super cheap but they had a $2k minimum order, so they would pool with other family members to go do groceries together in order to reach the limit.
That’s similar to café bombom in Spain and Latin America. It’s espresso with condensed milk.
Xbox users are more likely to buy points, the 10% discount is one of the drivers.

Having less players doesn’t mean much because it also has less cards, and pc has even fewer players so prices must be directly related to the propensity of players to open packs.
I’m gonna go for the first time. I’ve been practicing in the dkt and div1. My issue with the formation is that I don’t score as much despite having more shots than my go to 4231.
Allan + FUTMAS Paulinho/Fabinho or IF Fernandinho.

But since you can fit it, maybe Talisca could be a more offensive option since Allan is basically Kante when it comes to defense.
You can’t be competitive without them since they trigger runs.
Naldo is the best Brazilian cb this year, and amazing CDM if you play him out of chem.

My squad is similar but I use 5212 with NIF Neymar, 87 firmino, and PTG Jesus up front (Giuliano in the bench), FUTMAS Fabinho and Paulinho, then 2if Telles, PTG Marquinhos, 2if Naldo, Thiago Silva, and TOTY Alves in the back.

When I play 4231 it’s the same team but Allan instead of Paulino, Willian instead of Marquinhos.
I am having a lot of fun 5212 because wing backs generally have better stats than LM/LW or RW/RM. it’s so easy to pressure with this formation because you always have 5 players on attack, while your 3 cbs close down on long passes.

After that my favorite formation is 4231 because wingers suck in FIFA and I can let my full backs do the crossing while my wide cams move inside the box.
My problem with bpm is that it becomes a job. I don’t want to spend 2 hours every day opening shit packs and managing my trade list, for 50k profit a week. Between wl, daily rewards, and wb I make about 30-100k a week depending on how much I play (never more than 2 hours a day).
Yeah but DC has a ton of high paying jobs. The median income in northern Virginia is double the national median.
Richmond is a really nice city, in the past 10 years or so it’s really been transformed.
Pelo menos aqui nos Estados Unidos os preços do amazon para eletrônicos são bem parecidos com os de outros lugares. Compro pelo amazon por que entrega em um dia é normalmente grátis, e alguns produtos eles entregam em uma ou duas horas.
Thats about in line with prices in DC. $350k will buy you a drug shak in a bad part of town. My parents paid $180k in a townhouse in richmond, the exact same house goes for $500k+ here.
The average student graduates with $25k in debt. Having $0 at graduation puts you at the 50% percentile of graduates, but that's without counting the 40-60% that start college but never finish.
You have to keep in mind he retired at 42 and was still playing at a top level. Rogério was a fantastic keeper in his prime with a similar style as Ederson in the sense that he is a great sweeper capable of distributing the ball very well, but on top of that he was also a free kick expert.
O salário mínimo é cerca de um terço do custo total de um empregado ganhando salário mínimo.

O custo de transações no Brasil é enorme por isso que o salário mínimo não vale nada.


Acho que está chegando ao ponto que as instituições brasileiras tem que ser refeitas do começo. Uma reforma da mesma magnitude das reformas que foram feitas nos satélites soviéticos após a queda da união soviética.
Dkt tournament is decent at weeding out people.

I have a solid team and usually it takes me 2-3 tries to qualify. This week my two finals were tough games, lost one and won the other.
I'm not gonna claim that I have all the answers but an augumented reality Pokémon game has a ton of potential and Pokémon Go doesn't even scratch the surface of what can be done with that concept.

Trading and a more robust battle system would allow players to develop strategies and organize competitions. It doesn't take anything away from the casual players but opens up a lot of new possibilities.
I saw it on best buy yesterday (the one with the snapdragon 835) its a gorgeous phone and looks like the perfect phone for me minus edge to edge screen.
I saw the Sony compact for the first time in person and holy shit what a fantastic phone.

Its thick with a big ass battery, full flagship specs, and I truly hope the new version keeps the same size with an edge to edge screen.

First Android phone in a while that makes me want to jump ships from iPhone.
The notch makes sense if you're adding features to justify it (face id). I'm not saying I like the design but at least it makes sense.

IMO essential phone looks much better with a notch and small bottom bazels than symmetrical top and bottom bezels. It gave the phone a striking design.

I'd like to see more experimental designs. If you only have a selfie camera then maybe a pop out camera or swivel mechanism for the real camera, or a small selfie display in the back. Maybe these wouldn't work either but at least it's not as bad as making unnecessary notches.
It baffles me how a Pokémon game can launch without trading and player battles.

Its not like the battle system from the Gameboy games couldn't easily be adapted for Pokémon Go. Sad to see so much potential pissed away.
My cat is 20 pounds, I'm always surprised when I found how heavy he is compared to other things (he is also heavier than my 1 year old nephew).
Cavani, Mbape, neymar, silva, verratti, Motta, Di Maria, rabiot (current form), would likely be starters at most top teams. They are world class players.
But psg has 5 or 6, hell 11+, world class players.

They suffer from the Argentina NT syndrome. Tons of talent that doesnt play as a coherent team.
But you'd be amazed at the level of mental gymnastics some people in this sub is willing to do to justify subsidies, tariffs, and anti-free trade policies.
Do they give you joy? If so keep it. Minimalism is about getting rid of excess not of things that are important to you.
Kimmich and Carvajal yes, Sergi Roberto maybe, walker certainly not (yet).
There a lot of brazilian keeper legends that never left the country despite receiving tons of offers from European football.

Rogério Ceni and Marcos are up there with the very best and both have won everything they competed in.

Marcos was the Brazilian keeper in the 2002 world cup and he was arguably as important as Ronaldo in that campaign, especially in the final.
Yeah but most of the development costs are on Microsofts part. They could probably charge a license fee to recapture that, but it's likely that they are making the license cheap to drive adoption.

WMR manufactures didn't have to worry as much about software as oculus or rift that did it all themselves.
Yes that's mostly that one big trail that connects reston to fairfax and eventually DC. I used to live there and every so often biked to work in Fairfax (8 miles).  It's very suburban. Alexandria is a good example of suburb turning into a nice city.

Even outside of old town there are multiple walkable areas in Alexandria, and public transportation actually works (even if you exclude the metro).
The town center is essentially a bigger version of that little strip in front of walmart. The rest of Reston is very suburban and not pedestrian friendly at all.
It uses the money lost between sits, and if necessary it runs over a pedestrian to take their wallet.
This type of development really bothers me. It’s development based on personal spaces and cars, without taking into consideration urban mobility, shared spaces, or an ounce of tasteful urban planning.
Rosslyn still dwarfs Tyson’s by a large margin, and that on itself is a suburb of dc despite being more densily populated and developed.
Tyson’s corner is a suburban hellhole, now they have a plan to actually turn it into a city, but it wil, take 30 to 40 years.

Short pump is closer to Reston than Tyson’s if you want to make a nova parallel. It’s just suburban with a mini town center.
Utorrent was just a torrent client, who cares he developed it doesn’t mean Spotify uses unlicensed content.
It’s also a brand stuck in the 80s. I went trump tower in New York and it’s a ridiculous building, it screens 80s “luxury” and looks tacky as fuck. Everything about that brand (when you distance it from the man) screams excess and out of date.

The brand will probably die off with the boomers.
Leather Jacket - thunderbitch

Death row - James Charles moody

The silent orchestra - Hamilton leithauser 
SIF Telles had better crosses than toty alves in my experience.
Unless they make substantial changes to business model I won't be buying it anyone.

I'm only playing 8 squad battle games a week now, I don't think I'll miss it too much.
Anywhere above U street is pretty laid back. Woodley park in North west is one of my favorite neighborhoods.
It lasts me for about two months max. I use it to clean.
I like both richmond and Arlington. If I had to choose and money was out of the equation I would chose to live in the district because DC is also very laid back but it's a bigger city.

Arlington is a lot more densely populated than the district or richmond so they don't really compare.

The fan in richmond feels closer to adams morgan or Woodley park then rosselyn-ballston. 

IMO you're trading off cost for things to do when you go from DC to Richmond, but it's a completely different ball game changing from Arlington to Richmond. With that being said I love all three places.
There is a huge difference between brewing commercially and making a batch of cold brew for personal consumption.

If you're too scared to leave a French press over night outside of the fridge because you're worried about fungus and bacteria, i don't know how you can put up with the idea of eating fresh fruit and veggies, or even cooking or going out to a restaurant.

There are much worse things that everyone regularly does that are much worse than cold brew.
There is also caffeine in it. I honestly don't think there is anything to worry about as long as you're sanitizing the container (just regular wash), keep it covered, and away from continents.
Thats just for phones, now imagine paying Mercedes prices for a corolla.
Probably too acidic for bacteria. I've been doing a gallon of cold brew weekly for about four months now and never ran into any problems (at room temperature or fridge).

I brew kombucha and I only ran into mold when I next the container next to fruit with loose cheese cloth over it (I now use coffee filters and brew it far away).

TIL: people are scared of cold brew, sure if you are running a commercial operation than absolutely go through every safety measure. But if you're brewing at home for personal consumption you have nothing to worry about.
The iPhone x starts at $2150 USD in Brazil.

Its cheaper to fly to Miami, spend the the day at Disney world, buy the damn phone there, than it is to buy it in the country.
Try IF Allan. He is better defensively than Fabinho and quicker than Casimiro. For RM you could try Bale, Marlos, or Lozano.
Futmas fabinho would fit nicely as well.
There is a ton of talent in the current Italian generation, but you absolutely need a decent manager.
The opening scene of the first one game chills as a kid. The sequel is one of my favorite games despite finishing it without speaking a word of English.
It was a different time in the 90s. Resident Evils, Silent Hill, and the underrated parasite eve had cameras like that because it allowed for much better graphics.
Its the same thing with movies. You rarely find a good  AAA horror movie, usually those are just remakes of older ones, but the genre is very popular with smaller studios and indie.
There is a vr port.
How has the genre died? There is amnesia and alien isolation came out just a few years ago. Resident evil lost its bite, and silent hill (along with fatal frame) where one of those ps1 experimental games that worked really well. But overall the genre is still alive and kicking.
Not sure if you're criticizing or praising it. I never played the game but that sounds amazing.
Because it was actually dangerous to drive today. Trees were falling and traffic lights were being blown away.
Considering that I brewed a gallon with two bottles of GT and grew a very health scoby I think you should be fine with just using the starter tea and waiting for a new scoby to develop.
Depends how many hours are worked.

I want a breakdown between full time uber drivers (30+ hours a week), part time (20-30 hours), and casuals (0-20 hours). Also broken down by time (in months) driving for the platform.

This is important because we have no idea what the driver population looks like, if the average driver is someone who does a few rides a week then an extra $600 a month is pretty nice, but if they are working full time then that's horrible and I seriously doubt people would even bother driving for them.
Thats what the study freakonomics covered found. Driver experience has huge impact on earnings. That is experience with the app so you know what are the best strategies.
For as much shit reddit gives conservatives, at least they vaccinate their children before sending them to conversion camp.
If only Hyypia had a card...
Eles saíram perto da copa de 98 se não me engano, então ele deve ter 20 ou menos.
Maybe SIF Firmino? IMO he is a better version of Costa.
No fucking way, LinkedIn has huge potential, the integration with Dynamics and Office are bound to happen, that alone will be worth the investment.
And she then sponsored her parents. That's exactly the type of chain migration Trump wants to stop.
Aeropress is pretty quick because clean up is so fast.
I just used it for the first time today, took about 5 minutes including the time it took to test out a new milk former (it uses cold milk so I'm disappointed about the results).

Grinder coffee on an electric grinder, and then used the double filter method for faux espresso.
Not only tots but any special cards.
Thats my defense along with SIF Telles and TOTY Alves.

I will probably get IF Silva if his price settles under 200k, his non IF is a rock.
Psg defense is long over due for an if. Marquinhos rating refresh is essentially an IF though.
I really don't get it. 

It's easy to say that Microsoft needs mobile, but the one thing worse than not having mobile platform is diverting resources in something that is clearly not working.

Microsoft shutdown windows phone development to focus it's mobile strategy on things that are actually making them money. They don't have the OS but they make money on the infrastructure that powers mobile apps, search and advertising, office 365, and now LinkedIn.

Would it be ideal if they also owned the OS? Sure, but burning through billions for single digit market share in nearly a decade of development is a failed strategy.


Yup, companies try to stay away from vendor lock, aside from a few features and products like Amazon's redshift or Google's big query, cloud services are essentially commodities.
Yeah last year I had tots: Giuliano, taison, Jonas, Fernandes, Telles, marquinhos, silva, fabinho and Casimiro, with toty Alves playing out of position.

That team was so much fun and not terribly expensive since alves was the most expensive at 350k, most were under 100k and all others were sub 200k.
What should have they done different? They invested billions into windows phone and it never turned a profit.

At one point you focus on areas that are generating profit and defund what was obviously a failed venture.
The best thing about running  a br side is that you have so many options for every position (except for RM) and Turing tots you don't have to break the bank to make a fun and competitive team.
That was also my starter squad but with Soares up front, and lucas on the right.
Reputation. This is why a lot of real and barca players have high ratings but bad stats (which is totally unfair).
4231 is a lot of fun with overlapping full backs.
Na pior das hipóteses o Tite coloca o Willian e Coutinho. Também tem o Douglas Costa como opção na esquerda, ou jogar mais central com Gabriel Jesus, Firmino, e Coutinho.

Porra o Tite tá cheio de opções para o ataque.
They didn't switch they are just using multiple providers.

A lot of countries require data to be stored in country so for example Canada didn't have an aws node until recently, so a lot of companies used Azure there.

Its common to use multiple cloud providers.
We're not as dependent on him now. If he is out it just means that Coutinho and Willian will start.
Except they don't need to own the OS, that's not what makes them money.

Microsoft is betting on Azure, Bing, and o365 for cloud and mobile. They don't need the OS to make money if android and ios apps and services are running on Azure servers and use Bing. Add o365 and LinkedIn and they have a compelling mobile portfolio.

Even on desktop, windows for personal use is not the cash cow that or once was.
When you play high aggression the focus is on positioning your defense, you’ll be moving towards your own goal more often than towards the attacker, and switching players often.

It’s actually the only way I know how to play because I find low pressure and aggression boring (I play with both in the upper 70s or low 80s).
High aggression lets me focus on blocking runs instead of chasing. It’s more about positioning your defense then mindlessly tackling with your CDM.
In DC I can take the metro from the burbs to the city for $5, and about 30-60 minutes to reach the city. I also have to walk two miles in a pedestrian unfriendly area back and forth. So $10 and 60-120 minutes, and on top of that the metro closes at 10Pm or 11PM on weekends.

The metro makes no sense unless it's subsidiezed by your employer and you're only using it to get to and from work, otherwise uber/lyft is almost always cheaper/faster/safer, especially if traveling in a group
Which is ridiculously good. That's over 99.99% uptime given that it's been around for over ten years and only had one major brief interruption.
Quick and dirty would be a scatter plot with annotations.
I've been meaning to play 4222 with my all br squad, but I don't have the heart to drop Neymar.

The idea would be to use PTG Jesus, SIF Firmino, PTG Giuliano, and either SIF Rafael or Talisca as the other CAM.

I'm currently playing 4231 with neymar and IF Willian as wide CAMs.
Entitlement reform (not necessarily less or more, but certainly more efficient), less military spending, and structural change in low performing states.

You know things that are political suicide for both parties.
There are plenty of red wine bottles that come with concave bottoms, and champaign that doesn't.
You didn't even listen to the episode.

The 7% pay gap according to the episode is more than just time preferences, additionally it notes that women are more likely to drive in the morning and weekends which are profitable times.

The main contributer to the difference is that men drive more and stick to the platform for longer, so on average they have more experience with the app and know strategies to maximize their time.

Other factors include that men drive 2% faster, thus they can fit more rides in the same amount of time.

The study is also pre-tipping which may completely change the outcome since tips are not gender blind.
I used two bottles of GT (original flavor) and followed the master recepie. I also put in a table spoon of distilled white vinegar just to be safe.

One week later and I had a very good 1 gallon batch of kombucha.

I'm brewing it again.

My appartment complex is stupidly hot in the winter, even without my heat on the temperature is 75-79F during the day and 68-72 at night.

I went on vacation for a week so I only tasted when I got back, I think 6 days would have been the perfect amount of time.

I also brewed a separate gallon with a starter scoby from Amazon and that brew was no where near as sour and could have used some more fermenting.
It really won't matter because you only use 10-20% juice, temperature of 2F won't be that different and will reach room temp soon.
That a good point. It's way safer in Boston because you'll never go above 10mph.

Driving in Rome looks like a nightmare.
I've never had a phone with a screen that broke before the glass itself.

This is what I'm trying to describe, there are no visible cracks at all, but the screen won't turn on. Looks like it got disconnected since amoled doesn't use a traditional back light. The problem is that you can't open the phone.

This happened with two S7s within 3 months, both from minor drops with the phone in a case.
S7 is a horrible phone. Super fragile, so has two broken s7 sure to minor drops (less than two feet).

Screen didn't crack but it wouldnt turn on.
Are prices controlled by corporate? He could have also just raised the price until there was no shortage.
Ceramics could work as well. I'm willing to trade off wireless charging for durability.
Thats ridiculously high, I doubt it's true or its using a very broad definition of weapon or narrow of domestic abuse.
Thank you for the right up. I will wait for the reviews, but the camera is the most important aspect for me this gen (upgrading from iPhone 7, previously one plus, lumia 930, and briefly a nexus 5). 

I am very skeptical of the benefits of variable apperture on phones but if they results are as meaning as dual cameras that might win me over.

The rest of the features are not as relevant to me (slow mo, processor bump). Software updates are a must have and if the s9 doesn't have treble I won't even consider it regardless of how good the phone is.
He is much better as lam or cam.
Doesn't seem like a meaningful upgrade over the S8, and it's still glass in the back (one of the reasons I didn't upgrade last year).

Essential phone 2, this year's pixel have potential, and apple is rumored to launch 3 edge to edge phones this year, hopefully one of them is not all glass.
Apples ecosystem is pretty great and the X is a great phone just too expensive. I'm upgrading this year and have no loyalty, not impressed by the S9 so far.
I play 352 with my Italian team, it works well for SB but too easy to counter in WL (also my Italian team is not as competitive as my BR team).
I switch  to narrow but the starting formation is good enough for most games.
Having a lot of fun with this https://imgur.com/a/0h1f4

I was using TOTGS firmino instead of Giuliano before.
But millenials do hate the boomers.
The cut off is 99. They aren't millenials.
Its funny how the deep red states in the south would be third world countries without the federal government and they constantly vote against their own self interest.
Its been explain 1000 times.

The upgrade wasnt big enough.
Nope
Live by pace, due by pace.
I'd gladly live in Brazil over most European countries. Not as much money but Brazil is a lot of fun.
Willian is okay, I play 4231 with TOTGS firmino as cam, neymar as lam, if Willian as ram, and PTG Jesus as st. Willian is the only one with below 1:1 assists+ goals.

He is essentially the only br option but not that great.
Really tempted to sell neymar and IF Willian to play 4222 with Jesus, Firmino, Giuliano, and Rafael/Felipe Anderson.
Making players untradavle would be a horrible idea and force everyone to sell off before the upgrade.
Think about it, it gives an incentive for people to keep players in their clubs, which would limit the supply of top tier players, which would raise their prices, and translate into higher prices.

Mid level players probably would be cheaper but top players would be a lot more expensive.
As it should be. I don't want to get stopped for being brown. It's the reason I will never set a foot in Arizona or new Mexico or ever do business in those states.
It actually would. Gives an incentive for people to play more matches.
Alexandro is going to be expensive because it will allow you to maintain full chem when playing full backs in different positions.

This is his true value and what makes the card so useful and unique. You can start him at 442 in LM and then switch him in game to 41212 as an LB and move a toty or icon full back anywhere else on the pich.

Youd get full chem and and a competent full back without wasting a sub.
I'm sorry but I don't see the point of these posts. I appreciate you taking the time to use these players and do a write up, but it doesn't add much beyond looking at the card stats.

Even if you did cover work rates, traits, and the underlying stats I still don't think these types of reviews would add much value.

IMO if you played 10 games with a close alternative (let's say Willian), and 10 games with Marlos with the same team against the AI on the same difficulty level against teams of roughly the same rating, and compared the stats (number assists, goals, key passes, successful dribbles, lost possession, passes per game, etc) you'd have a much more interesting and useful review.

Saying that someone feels fast with 90 is not helpful, saying that a 85 pace feels like 88 doesn't really mean anything.
I have a question about work life in Denmark if you don't mind.

I have friends working in Belgium and they say the most frustrating thing is the lack of mobility and ambition in the work place.

They defined it as people doing the same work/position for 10-15 years without desire or expectation to move up (from developer to lead, to manager, to director, to vp, and so on). And that the workplace felt burocractic and slow like working for the government.

These friends are brazilian but they have worked in Canada, the US, Australia, and the UK always on technology and in the private sector. 

Do you think those observations are valid and would you  say the work environment in Denmark is similar?
If you encrypt those files before uploading them you should be fine. Even without encrypting them it's not different than receiving those files on a .edu email.
Because it's not enough for anyone doing beyond the most basic stuff.

My company was on Google for year, it was so shitty people were just using the desktop version of office and uploading documents to Google drive.
Its a shared drive essentially. I doubt anyone cares, and most likely only your schools IT staff will have permission to access it.
No, only if you save your files to one drive or SharePoint because those can be managed by a school admin.
Libre office is not a good office 365 replacement.

It doesn't have a one drive alternative, it doesn't have SharePoint, or online apps.

Libre office is okay if all you need is a one off document, or just need bare bones office suite.
Yeah for purchases over $99, and it's not limited to eBay purchases, just anywhere they accept PayPal. IMO it's a really good service.

Its reoccurring and you have a credit limit similar to a credit card.
I use PayPal credit for big purchases because of the 6 months without interest, but I only buy stuff that I could pay outright.

I recently got a new Computer for $1500, I could pay for it outright but I rather spread the payments in case I have an emergency and have to pay cash or would have to finance at a higher interest.

I've never paid anything on credit card or PayPal interest.
Dinho is endgame until tots, and even then you can still use him but you'd be able to get an equivalent card for 100k.
Got three of his card for 13k too bad I sold two for 50k. Last year his tots card was amazing.
Maybe I haven't seen enough of him, but I'd rank dybala over hazard, and neymar above the two of them. Neymar has a proven record, he can carry a team at the club and international level, and he steps up in big games.

Regardless they are all immensely talented.
He was my first striker and sucked. Passing is way too low but I can see how he would fit in some teams. If he gets a tots the card will be sick.

I was planning on getting SIF firmino but that Giuliano card looks just as good and I have his PTG card.
>só se for em São Francisco OU em empresas tipo Google, Microsoft e Apple. Média geral é 60-70k.
That doesn't sound good at all. Cooled coffee? Why not just cold brew, also almost  cup of sugar.

OPs version looks better.
People shit on Neymar but he is the only player close to Messi and Ronaldo. The guy consistently delivers and is at any given point the third or second best player in world by quite some margin.

After neymar there is a long line of very talented players like hazard and dybala but that are no where near as close to Messi and Ronaldos level as neymar.

Lastly this is the first time neymar is the main guy in an European team, I don't think he has peaked yet, and he had a pretty decent shot to be up there with the two freaks.
120k só se for em São Francisco ou em empresas tipo Google, Microsoft e Apple. Média geral é 60-70k.
Our lord and savior?
The interesting thing is that Marcelo and Alves are almost perfect 1 to 1 replacements to Roberto Carlos and Cafu.
Lets say you had 20 parties. Each of them evenly represented with 5% of the popular vote.

You can't govern with 5% approval, you have to build a coalition. The governing party would be the party that manages to hold a coalition with more than 50% of the votes, while the other parties would form the opposition.

Even in a two party system you end up with choices. There are multiple caucuses in each party, and multiple candidates within the same party compete in open primaries.

Really multiple parties wouldnt change a thing.

Term limits to congress, standardizing the way districts are drawn, and end of the electoral college would have much more profound impacts (not all good, but they would certainly bring more change than a multi party system).
Having multiple parties wouldnt change a thing.
I'm 10 years millenials are gonna star getting into power and I hope we start cutting social security. Time for the boomers to contribute a little.
Its much better when prices are realistic and not completely arbitrary. Regardless of who is paying for it.
Yes.
Ultimately it doesn't matter.

In the end of the day no one cares about the classes you took, and if you're a decent self learner just do what you are more interested in. The title of your major will only matter for the brief seconds someone looks at your resume, and chances are no one is going to have a negative bias towards cyber security engineering. If anything you can easily downplay your major title on your resume.
Which ultrabook from 2013 can handle 4k graphics? A desktop class egpu will outperform any mobile gpu even at 4x lanes. The only outliners are those heavy desktop replacements that actually have desktop components inside.

If VR is going to be a thing, egpu support has to be mainstream. There is a huge incentive for companies to invest in modular design.


The performance impact of 4 lane egpu over native PCIe is 5%, and the cpu overhead is minimal. The GPU is the main bottleneck on systems today.

You have have a 5 year old processor, and as long as you have an ssd and a decent GPU you'll get great performance. This is not just for gaming because I rely on multiple high resolution monitors for work, 5 year old gpu can't push 4k graphics.

Gpus today won't be able to push 8k in 4-5 years, but processors will likely be fine for most work flows.

Seriously nit having an expandable gpu on a laptop or all in one format will make your hardware a paperweight in a few years. 

Edit:

MacOS 10.13.4 will bring native suppirt to egpu. Once apple does it it will become a standard feature and no longer a niche.
Their results are almost always the same, I just think google looks better so I use that, plus I’m used to google.
They dropped the ball on the current generation. Lack of USB-C and Thunderbolt makes the entire line hard to justify.

Imagine a surface studio or laptop with upgradable external graphics. You can already do that with pretty much every competitors device, and the industry is getting ready to make a big push towards egpu.
My friend is doing a specialization in health Econ for his PhD. It’s certainly a thing and it focuses on the law and policy aspects along with standard Econ theory.
Seems like a problem with a simple solution. Charge patients upfront.

But of course that would completely destroy the unethical blackbox number health providers charge.
Build a portuguese team in preparation for the world cup.
Good. Those cards shouldn't be cheap. Aguero already has a ton of informs, this is the equivalent of a 5th inform.

His 92 card went for 1-1.2 mil. The other requires for his SBC are not too bad. So his price was online to what a 5th inform would have been.

Players like POTM Son ruined the game yesterday. A player that good should never be that cheap because then every squad has to have it or you're giving yourself a huge disadvantage.
My Italian team pissed me off so much because Bernardesch looks exactly like Florenci, a few other players have the exact same sprite. I now play 3 at the back just to avoid having to guess who is the winger and who is the fullback.
Got an 86 inform that I have no use for, submitted on SBC and got shit three times.
Most places won't extradite their own citizens, I think the majority of cases when it does happen is a handful of cases related to the drug war, and even then it's not an easy process.
To make a parallel with the millenials - boomers relationship, wouldn't they have a negative attitude to the greatest generation? Generally Millenials are children of the boomers, which are children of the greatest generation. While gen X (the generation prior to millenials) are children of the silent generation, which are children of the lost generation.


I don't mean this comment as an answer but why would the boomers have a negative attitude towards the silent generation?
Stephen few is the gold standard for data visualization if you're interested.
I hear 80-99 as millenials, sometimes 85-95, but always within that range.
To be fair a lot of characters are on life support now as the past 3-4 seasons have spared a lot of main characters that should have died already.
Same reason they won’t ever allow a foreign manager, even if it’s Pep. They complete morons.
Fabinho and Gustavo are pretty good.
It doesn't matter. In the interview with the Alcantara brothers they talk about how CBF won't call players that didn't go through the youth academy system in Brazil. All of your examples started in brazil, Naldo did in fact get called a few times for Brazil and he is a fine 4th option after the two starters (Marquinhos and Miranda), and Thigo Silva.
Firmino got started at figueirense and David Luiz at Vitoria.
Giuliano did have a great season last year and he kept his form this year at a new team.
I got a lot of milage out of my IF Jesus bought for 450k, sold for 300k) and my nif neymar (bought for 500k, still using him).

No regrets even if they lost value.
CBF rarely calls players that didn't play in Brazil early in their careers or at least academy. The Alcantara brothers are a good example of their policy (which is dumb btw).
Gabriel jesus is a poachers with firmino as a falsa 9 option and Jonas as a traditional #9.
Aqui nos Estados Unidos a maioria dos celulares são comprados nas lojas das empresas de celular. Eles fazem planos de pagamento, e "garantem" que o produto funciona na rede deles (o que causa atraso em updates e vc não pode usar o celular em outras redes sem permissão).

Huawei, oppo, vivo, e até mesmo a One Plus não tem acordos com as empresas de celular então é muito difícil entrar esses celulares.
I always wondered how that works, do you just clock in and out when you want? Like start at 6am, work until 10am, take a two hour break and then stop at 3pm?

I work in tech with remote teams, so usually my schedule is somewhat like that but no official clock.
3-4 hours is pretty, I'd say that's the equivalent of drinking 3-4 drinks a day. It's a lot if you're doing it everyday, but I wouldn't call you a raging alcoholic either.

To continue the alcohol analogy, it becomes a problem when it interfere with your real life. Are you missing work because of video games? Do you have an unhealthy social life because of them? Are you getting less healthy because of them?

IMO those are the determinants for addiction.
Why are they all fat and there are Burger King ads everywhere? Diabeetus Cup?
They really need a better manager, removing cavani destroyed the only hope they had. Also he benched Di María and silva.

If you’re gonna get rid of cavani at least bring someone to cover the gap in attack.
I use TOTGS Firmino with finisher, and PTG Jesus on hunter (NIF Neymar, and IF William as the other forwards). Firmino outscores jesus in the cam position.
And psg went down hill when cavani left.
Its dead on arrival then. It would take a miracle for enterprise to replace iphones and galaxy.
I will fight the urge, I know I will get burned again, but damn if they release a surface phone with a great camera I know I'll buy it.
Any sources for that LDL colesterol claim? Not that I doubt but I'd like to read up on it.
Fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me, fool me three times and I must be a windows phone fan.
I still believe that being Trans will be the Civil rights issue of the next generation, and that's where millenials will be viewed as bigoted or "old school" as  view the baby boomers relation with the gay community, or how they viewed their parents in relation to race.

Basically I think that in the near future going from male to female and vice versa will be a lot easier and the Civil rights question will be centered on the right to know.
All in saying is that if you want a pro union argument this is not the best example to use because at best the union protected the job of one guy.

This is story of mismanagement and the union is only a minor supporting character. I'm not arguing against unions, just that this particular case is not necessarily a success story or a particular good example for why unions are good/bad.
I'm replying to a post saying that this is an example of an EU union being helpful.

My argument is that this is not the best example. I'm not saying unions are a bad thing, just that in this particular example all the union did was guarantee that the employee didn't lose his job.

Its not particularly a success story as it doesn't address the actual problem.
But the union didn't prevent that from happening. What the union did was ensure that he didn't get fired because he left when he should have left.

Thats what I'm getting at. The union in this example did a good job and maintaining this guy's job, and that's a good thing. But it didn't do anything that would have actually mitigates or prevented the problem from actually happening.
I wouldn’t call it a success either though. The Union was successful at preventing the employee getting fired but the bigger issue is that 100+ people were left stranded in a train. That’s shitty planning on the company’s side, and I’m not see how unions helped on this particular case.
I would do filthy things with that firmino.
But Real also heavily relies on full backs for width especially if they are playing Isco and Modric as rm/lm. PSG can counterattack very quickly and if they play like the played against Bayern they wouldn’t need to push their full backs that far up the field (just enough to connect a counterattack to mbappe or Neymar).

Edit: regardless I think this is going to be a great game with a big possibility of either team getting thrashed.
Don’t forget there must have at least one cute animal invading the pitch and being chased by Ronaldo and Neymar.
I believe Dani Alves was the only one that played in the 7-1. Neymar was out, cbs were David Luiz and Dante (lol), and Neymar was out with a spine injury.
Unless you live in a large metropolitan area, 60k is a great salary. That's the median household income in the US so if the ops wife works that would or them well above the median.
You're being down voted but it's important to define left and right in this context. Are we talking about social policies, economic policies, or both?
Android wasn’t the answer either. They should have pushed Meego as a viable third system. Android wouldn’t work because it would conflict with their investments in mapping technology (which ended up saving them after the whole WP fiasco).
It’s the iPhone of the android world. Works so well it’s boring.
Mane and Alessandrini will work as roam and ram, drop Kante or Tolisso for a CAM and move del piero to striker. 
Mine are very involved (Neymar as lac, firmino cam, and Willian ram). I set my CDMs to stay back, and fullbacks to always overlap. Everyone else default, and custom tactics to organized-organized-offside trap (so they stop switching positions with CDM).
Garrincha and Zico would be nice.
Waking up at 5:30am just means having time to have coffee and heading out before traffic is ballsack.
I thought they were gonna start commercial space flights this year with the New Shepherd.
Dumb question but is performance good enough to run VR in a virtual machine?
Me too, I like the taste but I'm not sure if it's actually good for you.
My favorite toothpaste is arm and hammer because it doesn't taste sweet. Should I be concerned about the peroxide and or baking soda on it?
You can get elite 1 or 2 in SB without playing weekend matches assuming you win all matches in legendary throughout the week.

Usually 40k points is enough for elite 3 which is only 17-20 wins on legendary (assuming around 2300 points per match). So you can do that in 4-5 days.
Just hold possession and play less risky.

My fully backs end games with 35+ passes each. Same as my midfielders. I take my sweet ass time to attack despite have fast players up front. And I also play high aggression.

This results in 60%+ possession play, making PTB and counterattack nearly useless because they might get one or two chances all game.
I think passing needs to be nerfed even further. There is just way too much assistance. Maybe they should increase speed slightly and reduce assistance.

I hate when I aim a through ball to go outside of the defense and the pass gets auto corrected to go between two defenders.

Also sometimes I really over work my pass and somehow the ball lands perfectly on my players feet. I want to be punished by my passing mistakes because it will make me a better player and increase the skill gap.
I'm having a lot of fun. I played 15 wl games and won 13. This never happened before. Most games I had over 56% possession, amount a third at 60%, and only one at below 50%.
I can live with that if it comes with plates on the side. Might be a fun play on stairway to heaven.
Its good to make diluted cold brew meant to be drunk the next day, it's not very good for extract.

I put 8oz of coffee with 6 cups of water in a gallon jug, then let it sit at room temperature for 12-16 hours. Filter it on the French press and then filter again on regular coffee filters.

I make a big batch on the weekend and use it throughout the week when I need coffee fast or for nitro coffee.
Just get a light roast for non bitter taste.
They come pretty dirty, I always find small rocks that float up, also the water gets pretty stinky and brown after soaking them.

My experience is also also that unsoaked beans will makes me feel bloated.

Could be just a just superstition but that's what my parents and pretty much every brazilian does, and the one time I decided to to follow that advice I got constipated.
If you make it once you won't fuck up. It's easy to know when to stop, and on a rice cooker you can't roast garlic or season the rice properly.

Its fine for Asian dishes that usually use unseasoned rice. It doesn't work as well for middle Easter or Latin dishes that use seasoned rice. I've also never seen risotto done well in a rice cooker.
You still gotta soak black or pinto beans over night to get rid of the gases, also make sure to wash them really well.
Why not just get a regular pressure cooker? It's not like it's complicated to use or anything.
I'd be much happier with a LW -> LAM and RW -> RAM card. Moving a winger to a different side is possible but I think it's fair to have 7 chem (the difference is minimal). But wingers constantly play as attacking midfielders and yet you can't do that in fifa.

You can't replicate Juventus or Brazils squad because of that.
Its a Google one hub. AC wireless won't let you maxout gigabit unless you're in a lab with perfect connection.
That’s probably a lot easier and less costly than providing fiber access to everyone.
I’m getting about that with Verizon gigabit, $80 a month for 910mbps up and down. On wireless I only get 450 max, and average around 300. Kinda disappointed I can’t max out my speed on wireless.
I read that with Dan Carlins quote voice.
Thats exactly what I was saying. The only country that I can think off that prospered without both democracy and a market economy is Singapore (market economy but authoritarian government).
The same can be said about democracy. You need both.

Edit: by both I mean democracy and a market economy. Under the US backed dictatorships in South America and Central America you had neither, just anti-communism repressive regimes.
Terrible page, terrible article. Omits the role the US had in shaping modern LA history.
For some reason it's only browser that has that feature on windows devices. It's very important if you have a touchscreen or high resolution laptop.
Trabalho com tequinologia, acho que não seria tão difícil assim arranjar alguma coisa no Brasil.

Estou pensando em trabalhar 100% remote, já que meu chefe mora em outro estado, meu time em outro, e eu só vou ao escritório uma vez a cada duas semanas.

O ideal seria morar 6 meses em cada país e continuar com o meu trabalho, mas isso destruiria a carreira da minha namorada.
Noob question but are those apis really locked down when they are available for universal apps? If I remember correctly Firefox had a version for WP, if anything fails couldn't they have released an universal app to get access to those touch centric features?
Foda é quando converte para dólar. Tô pensando em voltar para o Brasil mas o custo seria imenso.

Moro nos Estados Unidos desde criança, fica difícil justificar voltar quando o impacto financeiro é tão grande.
Edge is pretty good on laptops and tablets because it has smooth pinch to zoom and gestures.

The fact that these are not standard on FF and chrome boggles my mind. I still haven't found an extention that does that.
This guy works in tech.
Should quit vaping too. I quit a 5 year cig and 5 year vaping addiction. When you're getting nicotine just to feel normal you realize it's not worth it. 6 month nicotine free now,
Jesus is much better than firmino for Brazil though. With that being said I'm a huge firmino fan and wish him the very best.

I want to see Jonas in the squad as well but don't think he would get play time.
Melancholy.
It hits $40 pretty much every day in falls church. 
I'm not OP but had a similar issue. I continued to brew and it looks like it wasn't mold after all because it cleared up and the tea is very tasty.

The kit I bought came with gallon fermentation jar, scoby, tea, sugar, pH strips, pipette for sampling, and cheese cloth, along with instructions. IMO it's well worth the cost for a noobie and it sets me up to continue brewing it (started second fermentation today, and also a new batch).