It's a fun show but about as deep as a puddle
This is unlikely, it probably works like other elders where you have to get her health to a certain threshold before the horn can be broken
I use the Deviljho SA and it works well, ZSD is very good for specific part breaks
It's actually pretty simple to space, just face the monster with the tip of your axe almost touching it
Do you use powerguard? Judicious use of powerguard will let you counter any blockable hit and let you drop the Guard skill completely
Tempered jho having more health than regular jho could be because of its event status, not its tempered status
haha yea if only we were all as enlightened as u xdd
Thanks! In terms of replay value then, would you say this is closer to Dark Souls than Horizon?
Thanks!
You can get the same skills but with attack 6 instead of 4 btw, that's what I use
Any mantle or gadget
The Spring event has made our squad's gathering hub v lively and it's great
Ask yourself: Would I jump further normally, or with an angry bug on my back?
Definition: Make the boys go loco
Yep, even without flash pods equipped Lance has time to sheathe, dive, equip flash pods, and flash all before teo returns to the ground
So just to confirm, playing the AuL song while it's already active on the Jho horn (purple, red, blue) will only add 30 seconds to the existing duration?
Did artillery used to affect damage from raw boosts?
Thanks for the quick update
Agreed, it shouldn't be possible to kill tempered elder dragons in a couple minutes tops. People who say "just intentionally gimp yourself to make it harder" must've not played previous monhun, where endgame usually remained challenging
Incredible
Real taxidermy or rubber?
Lance doesn't need defensive skills either, perfectly fine to farm tempered elders without guard and guard up
I... I don't understand the title 😟
Mega barrel bombs do a flat 150 damage without skills, so that's 300 damage from the sleep bonus. Endgame Greatswords, Charge Blades, and Hammers can all easily do more than 150 in a single hit so they should get the sleep bonus instead. /r/monsterhunter front page regularly sees people posting their 1000+ dmg true charged slash on sleeping monsters
Yeah I'm only talking about flashing a flying monster
Isn't flashing a flying mounted monster better than the person just hopping off? The monster spends no time downed if the mounter hops off vs. the monster falling to the ground and struggling to get up after being flashed
:megaTHINKING:
Are you going to keep claiming I'm spreading misinformation when you're telling people Kushala spends less time downed with subsequent flashpods? Here's proof from the video you linked - both gifs are 9 seconds long:

https://gfycat.com/gifs/detail/RecentPerkyEgret https://gfycat.com/gifs/detail/ForcefulSerpentineAustraliankestrel

And Kushala flailing around blindly is not helpful because:

1. He's still putting out wide hitboxes while flailing that you have to avoid

2. He may jump to a random area, not even towards another player, forcing everyone to chase after him


But I get the feeling you're not asking that question in good faith anyway
Are you serious? Kushala struggles three times and then gets up at each of the times you mentioned. I also don't understand why you're counting how long the monster spends blinded but flailing around on its feet. That time being extended is not helpful, and clearly isn't what we're talking about when we say "downed time"

EDIT: I made gifs putting the two different times side by side - first gif is Kush being flashed at 1:51 in the video, second gif is Kush being flashed at 21:20 in the video. Both gifs are 9 seconds long. It's undeniable that Kush spends the same amount of time knocked over at both the beginning and end of the fight

https://gfycat.com/gifs/detail/RecentPerkyEgret
https://gfycat.com/gifs/detail/ForcefulSerpentineAustraliankestrel
No lol
For some reason this sub has become really attached to the "sacredness" of the mount, to the point of spreading misinformation about subsequent flashes resulting in less downed time (it doesn't). These threads pop up regularly now. What if the other three people you're hunting with don't want to watch you mash triangle for half a minute while the monster flies to the other side of the map?
As an aside, hammer would've been the best option to wake up the monster with a power charged superpound, since wyvernfire is three separate hits and only one gets the bonus damage
Defense isn't that important compared to what skills the armors have
You can dodge roll roars with practice
Good idea, the hunts can go even faster when the monster doesn't change aggro and run off
But the damage scaling makes sense? The way MH plays at the start is pretty forgiving because it needs to be for new players, and then you become less and less able to face-tank monsters until you end up at monsters that, yes, can one-shot you. Even tempered endgame monsters do not one shot-you with every move - they have a mix of moves that hit hard and super moves that will actually one-shot you. But it's not like you're invincible for 90% of the time and then suddenly tempered elders one-shot you by looking at you
is joke
what are thoooooooose
Because flashing a grounded mounted monster is not a thing lol, context clues. I think I've made my point regarding the misinformation being spread here clear, so I'm done with this
Flashing a monster out of of the sky is meant to do just that, get it out of the sky. The amount of time it stays knocked over remains constant, only the time it spends blinded and flailing about is reduced. There's no diminishing returns worth speaking of, as it always grounds the monster and always leaves it knocked over the same amount of time
What did you think everyone was talking about regarding flashing a mounted monster?
There are definitely ppl here taking it too far on both sides, but you attacking anyone who calls out your misinformation on flashing mounted flyers being bad for damage isn't a good look either
I agree that mounting is a good breather for your party and I already said as much, and I have no problems with people finding mounting fun. I just don't want ppl spreading misinformation about flashing mounted flyers being bad for damage and that being reflected in actual online hunts, where people could get kicked due to that misinformation
But you just said flashing a mounted flyer "wastes time and flashpods". Why would I do it in a "min-maxed group of DPS-focused friends"?
It's not, because the monster will often move erratically around the area making it difficult for your teammates to get good hits in. Flashing a mounted monster out of the sky results in less downtime but also significantly less time not being hit by the rest of the party. If it was more optimal to spam mounts, why don't group speedruns utilize mounting?
That damage doesn't compare with the damage an entire group could do if the monster wasn't running/flying around mounted
Mounting makes the hunt go on longer if you're in a good group, look at any group arena runs and see if they mount
It's a free flash pod opportunity, no reason not to take it if the group you're in doesn't need the breather
fuck ur meta set tho
Anyone who's even a little bit curious what kind of damage their weapon puts out will know how it stacks up against other weapons - the data is out there and easily accessible. 

Having balanced weapons isn't about fighting elitists, it's about making sure people feel like they can contribute meaningfully and making sure playing a weapon optimally is still fun. In this case, they changed things so that the overwhelmingly best ammo, which not only removed the entire aspect of critical distance but also launched your teammates, was made more in line with other ammo types so people don't feel like they're purposefully gimping themselves by not using it. I hope that clears things up
I am just as baffled by people who think balance doesn't matter at all in a multiplayer co-op game
Saddest thing I've read today
I believe that's "lump of meat", a different item
The piscine researcher won't give me any more quests after goldenfish?

EDIT: For anyone else wondering, he has a separate quest go give in each map before the final quest to get an ancient fish
lol sry
Brutal superpound's final hit and power charged golfswing have almost the same MV actually. Brutal superpound's is a wee bit higher
I think he's saying the current multiplayer HP multiplier feels balanced for two people, and that four people can trivialize a hunt
It's just a reddit post, get over it 😌
I'm glad you feel qualified to evaluate their interpersonal and customer care skills from a single reddit rant. People gotta vent yo
Oops, you're right
Not as far as I know, haven't seen any speedrunners using this mechanic
Placing the small bomb far enough to hit the large bombs but not the monster does the same amount of damage in this case if you do the math. Won't hold true for upgraded bombs tho
Axe mode MVs are weaker than ever...

Overhead slash: 48 -> 43

Rising slash: 32 -> 27

Forward thrust: 19 -> 10
Well if you don't get hit, you won't get knocked down. I know that's obvious, but you won't have to deal with the tedium of getting knocked over by attacks if you dodge them. Rocksteady mantle is probably the worst addition to World, it rewards hacking and slashing and teaches bad habits if you're new to MH
What this guy said

Lance becomes a lot more fluid and mobile once you get comfortable chaining guard advances and shieldbashes/jumping triple pokes to close distances
These two runs are both amazing. Brilliant start by pepo
Thanks for keeping it updated
People are bringing up the fact that you've only tried the easiest content in the demo, but you won't reply to those comments
Like other people have mentioned, there's nothing shown so far that comes close to the ridiculousness of absolute readiness or adept/brave style. Without the full game, we have no idea how easy or flashy World will end up being
Have you fought any of the more "challenging" monsters? Diablos, Rathalos, or Nergigante? I'd guess not
Well no, the fastest SnS users are not doing whatever they please, they're doing what they consider to be optimal. Focusing on not getting killed over optimizing damage is the goal here, yes, but why would staying on the ground be safer than using a combo that puts you above nerg and also has i-frames *during* the combo itself? 
To piggyback off everyone else, there's no 'new moves' progression because the skill ceiling w/ the existing movesets is already too high to ever hit
The fastest SnS run spams falling bash
god bless u
> fox double laser from ledge
Transistor, stylish cyberpunk action RPG with a great soundtrack and fun combat
Probably because they really over-emphasized verticality with maps that required a ton of climbing and were bad for gunning
Damn, that's a good deal tho
To be fair, Witcher 3 Complete is $49.99 and out of stock on the Toys 'R Us website
Some kinda paid membership club. And I'm also curious if they were talking about Complete or Vanilla
Wasn't in stock in my area unfortunately
Yes, if you enjoy grinding and in-depth combat
Disappointing results. Poll is clearly disproportionately influenced by another sub, whose members came to this thread to pre-emptively defend their game and downvote any criticism of their game or their sub's involvement in this poll. Comments that brought up legit criticism against the writing or game mechanics have been buried, and any kind of skepticism towards FGO being the best (not most popular) Android game of 2017 is dismissed as "salt"
Thanks but unfortunately that seems to be the full cast version, as the reviews mention the cast
Well, you're not God. There are factors outside of our control greater than any person's will, and in the face of those forces platitudes like "life is what you make it" don't mean anything. How many traumatic accidents or loved ones' deaths would it take before you fell off the path? The answer isn't "no amount ever would"
People downvote the kind of content they don't want to see and they will rarely leave a comment saying something as banal as "I'm not interested in seeing this kind of post in the MH sub because..."
For every story like yours there's the story of another who worked even harder and smarter than you and still ended up with nothing to show for it. Perspective in this case means realizing we don't have as much control over our lives as we'd like to think, and it's only decent to look after those of us who weren't so lucky
MH4U is closest
What's worse is everybody wearing the same meta set at endgame. Lemme see some variety
Half of these feel like you're watching a hunting party's last moments lol
Why didn't you use the power charge?
Ah okay, sounds about right. Thanks!
As someone who's tried multiple automation apps, which has the least impact on battery life?
Have you tried a factory reset yet?
I gotchu https://youtu.be/7KR4JnVNpk0
Hold down triangle while loading phials, let go when the shield closes
You can't charge shield from phial load afaik, in the video the player does roundslash -> shieldthrust -> AED cancel into shield charge. There's no phial loading because he already had phials loaded and right after the shield charge he still had 5 phials left to load
This is what happened OP - notice he already had the phials loaded
Look into getting a Gameboy Micro, you might like that better than the original GBA :)
I'd been interested in the control-hai archetype so I was disappointed to find he deleted his YT channel
i don't know what to do with this information
The side view looks bad, hopefully someone has that photo
heck

I'm using an alternative assist app to make long-press home a shortcut but I'd like to use long-press back for something too
Expect cheaper materials, smaller battery
[TNGHT - Higher Ground](https://youtu.be/TtgZb0uGUGI)

bangs almost *too* hard
It scored a 1 out of 10 for repairability on ifixit lol
No, no custom recovery yet either
Yep, AdAway and more
I unlocked my bootloader through the Huawei website and rooted the phone with FunkyHuawei, all for free, on my Mate 10
Huawei P10, maybe? Not quite as bezel-less but a 5.1" screen and solid specs. P11 is probably coming out in a few months and I'd expect that to match the V30's small bezels
Is it the international model? I haven't looked into the V30 since ordering a Mate 10
Yes, but it'll be locked whether it's bought on contract or outright in the US

Edit: Looks like I'm mistaken, see below
Seems very unlikely from what I gathered when I was researching my next phone. The international model should have an unlocked bootloader though

Edit: Looks like the unlocked domestic version will have an unlocked bootloader
The locked bootloader on domestic models is a huge bummer
I just imagine the woman thinking "shit what do i do with my hands" and I can absolutely relate
I agree that it would be unnecessary if words were actually meaningless, but we know that's not true. Anyone that says words have absolutely zero effect on them if they will it is making a monumental claim that I've never seen anyone successfully defend.

It's also about more than just letting words bother you. This is maybe more applicable to offensive language in general, but words and ideas inform behavior too. If everyone calls a group of people subhuman, eventually they'll start acting on that belief. Again, this is in regards to to pejoratives and slurs in general, not just the word "retarded."

Don't get me wrong, I don't think it's possible to avoid offending people or anything like that. But is this meme and the word "retarded" the hill you want to die on? Not worth defending imo
Did you know that we live in the present? Yes, language evolves *over time*
How does discouraging the use of the pejorative "retarded" lead to the death of jokes? I don't agree and I think you'd have to lay out your logic for that. Being shocking and offensive is an aspect of comedy that will never and should never go away, but how "okay" it is is gonna depend on context. There's no black and white rules, no list of acceptable and unacceptable jokes.

Are you sure no one talks about the vitriol aimed at and by presidential candidates? 


No one's proposing an actual ban on offensive words. The idea is to, as a society, encourage people to think beyond themselves. How much "freedom" do you gain from being able to call things retarded without social consequence? How much hurt is caused by people using the word pejoratively? It's worth weighing one against the other

EDIT: I'm sorry that people are getting downvoted in this thread, this is a discussion worth having
What if someone constantly calls things retarded around your cousin, without intending to offend?
How is gender equivalent to political leaning? Weird comparison
turrible for anyone who likes to watch talented players in esports
If you know the Sheik player, should tell them to try to recognize and when their opponent tries for an offstage edgeguard every time, and to counter with DJ fair
Interesting, thanks for the heads up at least
Quick search shows another international phone with no VoLTE but access to band 12 https://www.reddit.com/r/GalaxyS8/comments/6921h2/band_12_on_tmobile_works_well_with/
Source? Haven't read this anywhere else, and it seems to have the bands for my carrier T-Mobile

https://www.gsmarena.com/huawei_mate_10-8877.php
I hope so, I ordered one lol. Website seems legit from reviews, with some problems regarding inaccurate stock counts here and there. My order is past the processing stage 
10 is the fatty, 10 Pro is svelte
Huawei Mate 10 for $619 to the US, there's a $10 coupon floating around online too

https://www.eglobalcentral.com/huawei-mate-10-64gb-4g-dual-sim-black.html#/product/22399
https://www.eglobalcentral.com/huawei-mate-10-64gb-4g-dual-sim-black.html

619 as of black Friday, coupons avail online too
What?
Thanks! That's reassuring, I typically run with midrange/high-end phones and I've never needed a screen replaced (fingers crossed), so the battery replacement was my main concern. I posed this question to the other reply too, but do you think what you said will hold true in regards to the all-glass or ceramic-whatever composite phones coming out these days?

EDIT: poopy parts lol
So it sounds like just about every midrange/flagship phone I bring in could have its battery replaced, provided the battery can be sourced? Unless I bring in something like an Essential phone, I assume

EDIT: What about all-glass exterior phones? That seems to be a popular trend at the moment, can I expect repair shops to replace the battery on these kind of phones?
Thanks, would prefer a higher-end, less phablet-y option though. Is the battery pretty easy to access?
Yeah that was the first resource I went to, it was really helpful but there are a lot of good phones they don't breakdown. Thanks for the tip though!
That it's inappropriate for the POTUS to publicly regret his decision, after the players in question thanked him, because one of the player's fathers was mean to him online
I think I misread "This is a good thing" as he's glad his cat is unactive after declawing
Shouldn't pick up heavy cats this way
What scenes do you have in mind?
Nah it's fine, he said it's not an issue
What's the author's email? "It's too complicated for humans so I'm just gonna skip over the how and why" is kinda lazy, need to send them some feedback
Pretty much what it sounds like, I'm still a beginner programmer but one use I like is storing code I can check my syntax against real quick. Can also store often-used bits of code and there's prob other uses IDK about
bruh I wear expensive boots and limited-run boutique Japanese outerwear but when I get home I shake off my shoes and put my socked feet in adidas sandals
A code snippet manager helps a lot
Cats can be really clingy and affectionate too, my late cat was to an almost annoying extent

EDIT: https://youtu.be/n_-HKkEXkGY
I wonder what being a Monster Hunter lawyer is like
Isn't being witty and interesting a nice thing? I don't think either quality requires being an asshole. If you tease somebody and they like it, that's nice too
Also passion, confidence, creativity
Being nice doesn't mean bending over backwards for people, especially in regards to people you wanna date. Being "spineless" is a disservice to both of you, self-respect is key. You gotta develop your social intuition until you can read people, and for some of us that means trial by fire, but you will learn eventually
Yeah it's kinda sad how many ppl justify this behavior. Being a kid isn't a free pass for being an asshole
why did he DI full in on the shine waveland lol
Dude we talked about your thing with feet, don't bring the cat into this...
Maybe you should rewatch the video. The video is a demonstration, not a competition. Do you really want to argue that man in his 70's could take a single punch from a trained boxer, or break out of a Kimura lock by someone exponentially stronger and twice his size? I'm not interested in that discussion lol
You're right, he does embody that trope in the context of Judo, assuming his opponents aren't holding back against a frail old man. But how would he fare against an average golden glove contender? Or a young grappler who used chokes and joint locks against him? It wouldn't take a lot of effort to shatter his jaw or snap his arm in half
Sure: Mifune was a master and extreme outlier competing in a sport w/ very stringent limitations against men with great respect for him.
I feel like you're misunderstanding my argument on purpose? Yeah, weight training slows down the rate of age-related deterioration, that's also pretty well-documented. You need more than that if you're a 70 year old man wanting to fight a 20 year old man with the same skillset. So no, training doesn't offset age-related deterioration *to the point that old people can compete with young people*, which was what we were discussing.
I'm not making any assumptions about young and old Bang, we were talking about real life after all. Training doesn't offset age-related deterioration, and one-in-a-million examples don't offset the overwhelming trend of fighters becoming less competitive with age. It's pretty well-documented so I'll just leave it at that
The trope is that old experienced men are somehow better fighers than trained young fighters in their prime. 70 y/o bodybuilders don't compete with young men, ignoring the fact that bodybuilders have nothing to do with combat and senior citizen bodybuilders less so. A 40 year old can be competitive but a 20 year old with the same skillset would win, not to mention Gracie did his best work before 35 and tested positive for steroids in his middle age. The idea of a fighter becoming more and more powerful from adolescence to senility is appealing but not supported by science or competitive results.
The "skilled ancient master" trope isn't really a thing in real life though, there's no amount of skill that counteracts age-related sarcopenia and bone loss. I believe an experienced old judoka can see some results in the context of judo, but not in anything resembling no holds barred.
🤔
She was actually attacked by another unfamiliar chimp while visiting the one she raised
Your first two paragraphs are true for the most part, although it's not as socially acceptable as you think to do things like "celebrating the decline of white birth rates." The problem is that you're wanting to apply the same standards to demographics that experience very different realities.

The phrase "things white people do that exhaust us," in the context of US history, our current cultural perception of minorities, and the way minorities are treated by institutions of power (legal, financial, etc), proves to be very different to saying something about "things black people do that exhaust us." White people aren't under the threat of systemic racism or negative cultural biases the way minorities are, so saying "things white people do that exhaust us" doesn't carry the same implications or consequences as stereotyping or being racist towards minorities. The innumerably different ways minorities experience life in the US has been pretty thoroughly studied and can't really be summarized in a blurb, so I won't get into that here.

I do want to point out though that **a white person isn't generally seen as representative of their race, even though the same isn't true for minorities**. Any news about a middle-eastern terrorist or black criminal is invariably followed up with discussion about the "muslim problem" or "problems with black culture." If an Asian person is bad at math, or a black person nonathletic, it's more-or-less socially acceptable and even expected to point out how they're not like the rest of their race. White people aren't treated this way. A white mass-shooter is considered a one-off, not a sign of problems with white people. For white people, this kind of pressure to represent their race doesn't exist, and comparisons between white individuals and white people as a whole are mostly tongue-in-cheek or made explicitly to point out the hypocrisy here.

So are there different standards being applied here? Yes, and there should be because we don't exist in a vacuum. I also wish that no one, including white people, would have to experience prejudice, but claiming that stereotyping whites is exactly the same as stereotyping blacks is willfully ignoring the actual realities of everyday life.
I actually thought "For the Love of Ivy" felt too loose compared to the force and drive behind the rest of the tracklist, and that it was the least shreddy song besides the closing track lol. Plus it's a cover song on an album of otherwise great originals, so it's easy for me to skip over. But hey, world would be boring without different tastes!
Japandroids - "For the Love of Ivy" off of Celebration Rock. This album is some of the most joyous, life-affirming music out there but this song sounds really out of place and kills some of the album's momentum. Here's a great cut off of Celebration Rock instead: https://youtu.be/YqaEQTi3rew
The song is so emotionally raw and then the fucking skit happens
Same, hey look we just DOUBLED our data so we're twice as right as the guy you replied to 😌😌🙈😋🎉
How do you know?
Fair enough, it's a pretty great tablet lol
My Pixel C still works great and I'd be interested in Pixel C 2 but that's not an option
Why compare him to Snoop or rappers?
>Something can have the quality of Good, but it cannot embody Good like God does, because then it would by definition be God. I'm not sure the perfection of Good within us is possible while maintaining an identity separate from God Himself, but that's a bit of theology I haven't done as much reading on.

If I understand you correctly, only God is perfect, and absolute good is perfect good, so only God is absolutely good. But doesn't perfection exist outside of God too? I.e. a perfect circle, or a perfect E note, etc. What about energy? If we hold that God determined energy can't be created or destroyed, isn't there perfection in that too? If so, why couldn't a perfect good exist outside of God? And if it simply can't, is God unable to create something perfectly good?

>Re: God creating those conditions, to some extent he does, I suppose, and at the end of the day if you want to be a creationist monotheist, you have to be at least a little comfortable with the idea that at the very least, God knew what choices you would make before he had even spun up the first star. To what extend foreknowledge inhibited free will is a realm of philosophy I haven't been able to make much headway in. 

By virtue of being the creator, doesn't God create those conditions to every extent? If those conditions  determine your choices, and he creates those conditions, isn't He responsible for the evils and sins committed by man?
>If God is the essence and definer of Good (as Christian doctrine says he is), anything that is not God himself must be at the very least an imperfect or incomplete Good.

Why can't something be both good and less than or apart from God? Is goodness tied to godly qualities like omnipotence?

>So God made this whole big universe with lots of stuff in it, and then he makes people. Now, he doesn't just want automata that do whatever he says; he wants people with true free will. And in order to have a choice, there has to be an alternative. So we get to choose how close to him we want to be. We can be close to him (Good), or we can choose to go away from him (Evil). God can't just eradicate the Evil, because then we don't have a choice anymore, and not just in a practical sense, but in a metaphysical sense. You can't choose to be somewhere that doesn't exist. 

Does God create the conditions that inform our choices? If so, is he not choosing for us in a sort-of convoluted way?
For your example to reflect God's role in all this though, your parents would've been the ones to determine the circumstances that lead to your decisions, the ones to create the bacteria and viruses that make you sick, the ones to decide that you would starve outside their house, all the while knowing you would suffer from the conditions they set, no? In which case, are they not responsible for your suffering?
This first thing that comes to mind is redlining neighborhoods, something ostensibly outlawed but still in effect through institutions like banks
To be fair it's barely related to MH. Would rather not see this sub filled with Facebook screencaps (and memes)
She is taking a lot more responsibility than you lol. She's trying to change the status quo while you're arguing that... it's okay to abuse sex workers because they're breaking the law? "It's illegal and dangerous and no one should try to change anything about that" is a pretty cowardly position
Just wanted to address your point regarding laws: There are an absence of laws protecting minorities from certain things though, and a "fair" legal system carried out by unfair leaders is not worth much. 
Who said America was a shitty country? Those are your words. You can criticize something without despising it you know
Its veracity seems to be in question among researchers
I think getting over-invested in people too quickly is a pretty common problem, and I can definitely sympathize. In your case, do you think it might indicate an unacknowledged need, fear, or trauma? This kinda stuff can be hard to figure out on your own, might be worth talking to someone you trust or a professional
Nah it's nothing wrong with the sub or community, it's the nature of the voting system. A good post that takes 5 seconds to consume will always have more votes than a good post that takes a couple mins to read, and there needs to be something to counterbalance that shift towards the lowest common denominator
To be fair it's barely related to MH. Would rather not see this sub filled with Facebook screencaps and memes
Time to unsub before memes take over
truly, they are mental midgets
just gotta cup the chest and scoop up the hind legs
I like Microcenter but I usually wear earbuds to ward off the salespeople.
Yikes. Were you using a sandboxed browser? 
i didn't know animal crossing was a horror game
A... punitive dick pic?
can we not do memes in this sub
So I went back and watched that part of the interview - for context, he's gesturing outside the windows at the lawn (why??) during his response.
Having done what with Watchdog? And who, the author or Garou?
That interview was gold, best moment was when he got confused by a metaphor:

&nbsp;

JOHN DICKERSON: George W. Bush said the reason the Oval Office is round is there are no corners you can hide in.

&nbsp;
 
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: Well, there's truth to that. There is truth to that. There are certainly no corners. And you look, there's a certain openness. But there's nobody out there. You know, there is an openness, but I've never seen anybody out there actually, as you could imagine.
 
&nbsp;

JOHN DICKERSON: But he-- what he meant was it's-- all comes --
 
&nbsp;

PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: Sure. Sure.
I'm not in game development but I don't think a month is nearly enough time to take feedback from the console releases, make changes to code, finalize, QA testing, etc...
Maybe... he did say he wanted to be a hero (i.e. fight monsters professionally) the same day he was almost tortured to death by Bakuzan. That's pretty tough too
Yep but you know he's not coming back with any permanent injuries lol
Yeah I really wanted to like the series but most of the games seem to revolve around your playable character with monsters as just "tools" in a sense
I wonder if we're talking about different kinds of resilience? I only meant physically and it sounds like you're talking about mental resilience too (which Suiryu doesn't necessarily lack but yeah his doesn't compare to a lot of heroes). Physically though, he's clearly tough as hell
What Suiryu hype? I only said he was resilient because he was pretty okay after being destroyed by two Dragon-class monsters. Is that fragile to you?
Suiryu's been shown to be very resilient, and he was up against 2 Dragon-level monsters back to back as opposed to Garou's band of A-class heroes 
I'll echo everyone suggesting the Dragon Quester Monster games, they have fun monster breeding and a lot of classic DQ monsters including bosses. If you don't mind playing an older game, Dragon Warrior Monsters 2 for GBC is probably the best entry in the series. Great music, solid story, several different worlds to explore, addictive monster breeding, and it even has post-game stuff iirc
Awesome list! The DQMJ games are all solid and have the best monster breeding mechanics imo. I wish they hadn't switched to 3d graphics though, it looks more generic and less charming than the GBC games. And the "dynamic" camera angles during battles are really weird and distracting lol
I read the same thing and tried both SMT IV and DS2 Record Breaker, but both games kinda treat monsters as disposable and it made the whole monster collecting part feel underwhelming for me.

I like build up my team with my favorite monsters as I play but both games wanted you to fuse your monsters into new monsters regularly. If you didn't, their stat growth would start to lag behind the enemy's. Couldn't really get attached to any favorites because they'd either start to suck or become a whole new monster soon anyway. I didn't get super deep into either, but this was my experience w/ them
I dunno what possess people to be so self-absorbed... 
What do you play on switch on the go? Besides smash
I kinda assumed even someone on Puri Puri's level would be impervious to bullets
maybe he's into that ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)

Trump does have that rep though...
Pet ownership is symbiotic, what's a little ball-smashing for free food and shelter forever
Why does soap work when alcohol doesn't?
dang that's metal af
And Faeria for a mix of CCG and tactical game
You've ate millipedes??
Because this sub is specifically for expert answers that can be sourced, not educated guesses
Just to clarify, I'm only talking about neurofeedback in the context of depression treatment. [This meta-analysis](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4892319/) found evidence for its effectiveness inconclusive, that's the best source I could find. Psuedoscience probably wasn't the right word, but even if it was just "energy therapy" I would still have the same concerns

Not directed towards you specifically, unless you are the "homophobe who doesn't want to be labeled a homophobe" that you described 

EDIT: My main point is that it's disingenuous to characterize the tension between gays and homophobes as a "difference of opinion". The onus to change isn't on the victim
Hey, better people than me will try to "convert" bigots and some will succeed. But I don't think gay people should be obligated to welcome dialogue with people that would hurt them
c'mon don't tell others about gay island...
"don't call me a homophobe I only dislike gay ppl"
I don't think you have to tolerate homophobia to be open minded lmao
So is there any reason to update besides full access to 1st party stuff and no nag?
That's so weird if Nintendo does that. wtf lol
I was under the impression that the latest NTR CFW supports granular brightness, just not on the newest system update because of technical reasons
Is Rosalina still the only hope for granular brightness adjustment on newer firmware? I used to play w/ brightness at 100% through BootNTR, and it was ~20% brighter than 5/5 brightness through the system menu
How is it nothing special just because real meat still tastes better? The implications of animal-free meat are massive 
I had the same kind of stop-and-go experience picking up MH over a couple years, and 4U was the first to click with me. If you're enjoying Gen I'd keep playing, but 4U is worth checking out too if you're curious
4U has more content and its gameplay is more in line w/ "traditional" monster hunter. Gen lacks G-Rank (challenging endgame missions) and adds extra skills and variations of movesets which some people find gimmicky or unfaithful to MH (a lot of them are pretty cool though)
it's just some nice hot beef water 😋
There's situations where your version of flower would be even better though (e.g. in a race situation: incapacitate your opponent's main attacker while blocking his secondary attacker with one card)
To be fair, I don't think they would've posted that if their life was a gift to them and their parents
> beagle

Is there any greater way to dominate a species than by using their penises as a chew toy for your beagle?
I hope what happened to /r/youtubehaiku doesn't happen here
you did it big boy, you made it all on ur own
>terradycl

did you mean... pterodactyl lol 
Please make one with a cute kitten and "PMW" on it

pussy money weed boi
Not possible
Anyone have a tl;dw?
I put flower in a lot of my decks because it works but I still think it's an unfun card
He says he's been playing for over a year now so he probably knows about mulligans and ranks
I think that's called sitting
honestly it's embarrassing if he's won five world championships and still can't even cast magic missile lol
Had the same problem on my Android tablet, holding down on your orb closes it again
Like Atmaz explained, the meta is in flux with the release of a new expansion this month
I was gonna say Spectral Shapeshifter seems like it should be 4 Faeria, but it's pretty nice to have a turn 1/2 body that resists removal and gets better midgame
The age distinction thing sounds really ingrained even among the younger generation. Do you think it'll be like that for a long time?
Ruined ankles from hopping off the van countless times a day
it's pretty evil tbh
It's not an either or. Clearly the US values its citizens more than NK values their's; what would nuking their cities accomplish? I doubt Un is gonna beg us to stop hurting his people 
Is Eternal still a RPS meta?
The millions of impoverished, oppressed citizens trapped there don't really deserve that 
Nah you're right, it's not sexist to assume that hiring three female writers immediately made the show terrible... not like there's a million other factors that go into making a show. Don't, say, Harmon and Roiland have some input in making the show too? Hmm
Hear hear, we could all learn from your display of class and respect in judging this compete stranger
True to an extent, but you gotta understand people don't exist in a vacuum and there's a difference between, say, a straight person making a fag joke and someone gay mocking straight people. One group stands to suffer more as a result of their circumstances, unless you can show me suicide rates for straight ppl attributed to acceptance of their sexuality
How is wisdom an interesting card?
RY events with lots of removal for cheap RY colossi sounds fun
Hmm are you lost? Maybe you don't understand the purpose of this sub. I don't have the expertise in the social sciences to analyze and draw conclusions from the data presented, but I know enough to recognize when someone else doesn't either. Do you have the knowledge and background to back up your beliefs? I'd guess no lol
does that mean... am I mythology?
I'd have to say my experience in fashion has been pretty different. People immersed in fashion overwhelmingly prefer tshirts over polos in their fits.

http://imgur.com/a/1raQq

For dressy, a button-down would be the minimum

Agree to disagree, t shirts fit well into streetwear whereas polos don't really mesh with anything but biz casual and prep
polos are so lame. t-shirt or button-down, don't give me some half-assed compromise

(this is like my thing to hate on so just let me have it please)
not that hard to believe. friends and I learned to do this at summer camp and spent a lot of free time seeing who could get the most cards stuck in their dresser 
The inner machinations of my mind are an enigma.
> cater to the lowest common denominator

How do they do this?
Same, especially as a guy who doesn't own any dresses
I've lived in multiple regions in both countries and these generalizations weren't true for either country in my experience, just to add another data point since we're sharing anecdotes
Every story I've heard about America makes it sound like a country full of murder cops and obese idiots. Maybe don't get your info from stories lol
Even though I'm watching a video of two cats ringing bells for treats, this bothered me more than it should
Not really, submit a bug report then. How can you give a negative rating to something you've never used?
Wow, well I'm glad you guys had a good time regardless!
man people will believe anything is real here
Do you think they realized they'd been kinda rude later on? Did the other guests seems to feel similarly as you did? Just wondering how it all went down after
I mean, I care about story just as much as art style and animation quality, and I still prefer the ufotable animated ones
bruh all the Nasuverse shows are like the epitome of EDGY writing and characters that don't behave like anything resembling people. that doesn't necessarily make them bad but that's not the example I'd use to demonstrate my good taste in Anime lol
I'd give HxH like a 6 or 7, but the Chimera Ant arc was the best part of the show imo. It totally embodied everything HxH did well (multi-faceted characters like Meruem and Netero, interesting character development/regression exemplified by Gon's downfall, atypical themes for a shounen) and everything that annoyed me about the show (terrible pacing, over-exposition, frequent tonal incongruence). 
Well that just makes me not want to lol. The second part of the message you quoted still holds true
I would but I'm on my phone and I'm not trying to start a debate, the point is there's no shortage of reliable expert sources out there that document the existence of human biology beyond just "100% male" and "100% female". It's verifiable fact that can be sourced in 30 seconds online
Um there is a ton of science found in prestigious peer-reviewed journals that proves a person's sex isn't limited to strictly male or strictly female. Just do a quick google search
Did you find out why he was like that originally? Curious
I guess I don't see it as bad behavior, most people here own a PC or smartphone and a quick google search will tell you if you can play it. I was mainly responding to your original post which claimed that Eternal is not available to play when it clearly is for most people
That's a weird non-sequitur, I just said Android is the most widely used mobile OS. Not to mention we were talking about Eternal
You saying it's not available when it's actually available on the most popular desktop OS and the most popular mobile OS seems like a stretch
Haven't played Eternal but was considering it. Why do you think it's a POS?
[Don Cheadle in Ocean's 11](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SqIw65PoIIU)
I think part of the reason why is, if you're a melee fan, you've spent WAY more time watching these people than musicians or even actors. Gives the illusion that you know them somehow

EDIT: Reread your post and realized I just echoed you lol
I feel like this reveals Harmon's absurdist perspective on life... He doesn't believe you can simply create meaning through your own will and freedom of choice; even love to him to is just an illusion we cast over ourselves. Rather, you have to accept that any inherent meaning in our existance doesn't exist or is at least unknowable, and live on despite that knowledge. (Disclaimer, I'm just a layman)
I like coffee and water, don't step to me
I realize ketamine as an antidepressant is kinda the hot new thing, but are there any studies on long term efficacy? Is this a sustainable treatment?
http://readms.net/r/onepunch_man/077/4361/22

Man this bottom panel really makes Garou look like Silver Fang's son
Watchdog Man on Garou trying to touch him: "ＧＯＯＤ ＢＯＹＳ ＯＮＬＹ"
like with incomprehensible backwards dialogue and everything? i can't really picture what you mean
good thing too, at least one of you was blessed with foresight
Who knows how he'd react if you just walked away in the middle of his monologue lol
This is way scarier than the holiday paradise pictures people keep posting
Those huge monsters are the most boring fights in MonHun :(
They're so good, don't be overzealous and burn your tongue like I did
Confirmed that you can stay in the area after the quest? If other monsters spawn, I'd be happy with that since that's basically an expedition
I tried to I-frame everything when I started out cuz that's how a lot of other action RPGs work, but positioning is much more important in MH. If you stand in the right spot, you won't even have to dodge a lot of the time
Either start a Spirit combo from brave stance or from a counter
MH World: Has there been anything revealed that suggests a Moga Forest/Expedition type of feature?
Hard for me to feel sorry for people that think women are subhuman
I would, MonHun has a reputation for quality IMO
He isn't a "complete" player IMO. Both his laser and movement game need work and he does much worse when he can't dictate the pace of the match
Oh cool, thanks for finding a source. Still crazy to think they never even met
People always say Baldwin was his understudy but I've never seen a source that confirms it. Seems more likely he just took on some of Mako's roles after Mako passed
I thought the tournament arc was hella fun, and Suiryu was a fun character to follow
I find this more beautiful than scary, only the deep/open ocean stuff really gets to me
I think he looks pretty fucking badass lol
I can't say for sure there's no literature on physical exfoliation being damaging, but dermatologists seem to overwhelmingly suggest chemical (BHA, AHA, etc) over physical exfoliation
No evidence physical abrasives are good for your skin
What a surprise, people here think the girl was more unreasonable than the guy yelling racial epithets lol
dumbest thing I've read today lol
Doesn't it look like Bladewise just stands still for a moment after teching and before dsmashing? Weird
Here's what /r/badeconomics has to say about automation and jobs:

> It's important to note that the vast majority of workers (>90%) before the industrial revolution worked in agriculture, and that this number is now less than 5%. Why did the automation of agriculture not lead to widespread, long term unemployment? This is because disruptive technologies have multiple effects. They:
> 
> Destroy existing jobs
> 
> Complement existing jobs (by making them more efficient)
> 
> Create new jobs
> 
> Reallocate the workforce to where it is most productive
> 
> Note that only one of those four effects causes long run job loss. Two of those cause job loss in general (job reallocation implies job loss in the short term, after all).
> 
> For automation to cause long run structural unemployment, the new technology needs not only to destroy jobs and create no new jobs, but it also needs to somehow prevent reallocation of workers to other sectors of the economy.
> 

As I understand it, essentially they argue that automation and AI specifically is too specialized to cause long run structural unemployment, that a tractor replacing a farmhand is no different than software replacing an office worker.

I'm only a layman, but I feel like AI and more generalized software is closer to destroying more jobs than it creates than suggested above. Automation increases productivity but not necessarily human productivity, it doesn't seem that far-fetched that industries and jobs created by future automation could also be quickly automated. Looking at [collections of surveys](http://aiimpacts.org/ai-timeline-surveys/) from experts in AI-related fields, it seems AI researchers believe human-level AI to be possible in a matter of decades, not centuries. Note that some of the surveys were not limited to experts, but the ones that were still support this. 
Here's what /r/badeconomics has to say about automation and jobs:

> It's important to note that the vast majority of workers (>90%) before the industrial revolution worked in agriculture, and that this number is now less than 5%. Why did the automation of agriculture not lead to widespread, long term unemployment? This is because disruptive technologies have multiple effects. They:
> 
> Destroy existing jobs
> 
> Complement existing jobs (by making them more efficient)
> 
> Create new jobs
> 
> Reallocate the workforce to where it is most productive
> 
> Note that only one of those four effects causes long run job loss. Two of those cause job loss in general (job reallocation implies job loss in the short term, after all).
> 
> For automation to cause long run structural unemployment, the new technology needs not only to destroy jobs and create no new jobs, but it also needs to somehow prevent reallocation of workers to other sectors of the economy.
> 

As I understand it, essentially they argue that automation and AI specifically is too specialized to cause long run structural unemployment, that a tractor replacing a farmhand is no different than software replacing an office worker.

I'm only a layman, but I feel like AI and more generalized software is closer to destroying more jobs than it creates than suggested above. Automation increases productivity but not necessarily human productivity, it doesn't seem that far-fetched that industries and jobs created by future automation could also be quickly automated. Looking at [collections of surveys](http://aiimpacts.org/ai-timeline-surveys/) from experts in AI-related fields, it seems AI researchers believe human-level AI to be possible in a matter of decades, not centuries. Note that some of the surveys were not limited to experts, but the ones that were still support this. 
I'm not following the webcomic lol
Yeah it's kinda understandable chars like PPP and Superalloy ended up being comically exaggerated stereotypes, considering there are few black people in Japan and most of Japan is still opposed to stuff like same-sex marriage. Kind of a shame but it's not a huge deal I guess
This is already a thing in at least one MH clone, shell propulsion and all
Part of the appeal is that, unlike everywhere else online, media and messages shared between ppl on Snapchat is ephemeral and that's nice when everything you do online is potentially saved forever
It'd be cool to get a real halberd/polearm weapon that doesn't come with a weird bug and acrobatics
One of the best ways to learn is to watch someone who knows what they're doing. Show her some TAs and she'll pick up where she should stand and when to attack, just make it clear that they take more risks than necessary to get a faster time and she doesn't have to play as recklessly
no worries, had it bookmarked lol
https://www.reddit.com/r/MonsterHunter/comments/3v1dk4/mhx_online_modes_japanese_chat_message/
If it helps, I don't feel like JP players are significantly better than NA players or anything, just more polite
I think he means "trying" in the context of success as Rick sees it. If Rick sees existence as arbitrary and ultimately meaningless (and that's pretty much the show's perspective too, which represents the universe they exist in), than anything Jerry tries is gonna result in failure in his eyes. To Rick, they're just stupid and misguided goals
relax guys, it's just a herbivore
Yes more powerful than Mew, there's a lot more to competitive battling than type advantage
Celebi has seen tons of competitive use in the past (IDK about now), more so than Pokemon like Mew, so you can consider it powerful 
Hallelujah! Haha I can't believe you replied. And Switch games aren't region locked!
Yeah Suiryu actually had a life before Saitama lol
Is pedantism not a pet peeve for you? It's just colloquial language lol, relax
Their videos are great because not only do they tell you what to do, the reasoning behind why is clear and it teaches you how to approach new monsters with the same learning mindset
Are you trying to trade hits with the monster? Recognize that sometimes you don't have the right timing or positioning to attack so it's okay to just wait for the monster to do something punishable 
sure they do
Teostra specific help: https://youtu.be/dULCV_rpPU0
Attack Down Large
You stumbled upon one of the best skills in the game (Crit. Eye) naturally, so you got a good start there. 

Stamina recovery is not very useful, especially with items that can give you infinite stamina and foods that reduce your stamina usage, and armor skill space is precious. Look into other skills like Attack Up, Evasion, Critical Boost, Weakness Exploit, repeat offender for useful attack/defensive skills
Actually what's annoying is the spread of misinformation, which you call hype
1 in 2 million? don't tell me the lobs son
What kinda surgery fixes radiation poisoning?
Some places just have ticket prices that high, near $20. I'm thankful to live in a metropolitan city that also has has $7 weekday/student/matinee tix
think of it like a turn based game, if you got hit it probably wasn't your turn yet
Phials don't do exhaust damage, only KO btw
y'all don't like tricking him into eating a bomb and then fishing it out after it explodes in his stomach? smh
Guy also has some great brave hammer runs: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwssUIXjlygP26cQAZQMPLQ
Old FFXI gameplay depending on ur original poison
HD resolution would be huge! And not because it'd look prettier or whatever, but trying to dodge specific parts of monsters at 240P resolution is more difficult that it really needs to be
In-game screenshot?
Enjoy the most dynamic and exciting fight in the game
Every other google play store review...
Really great example of "show, don't tell" done well
p sure he's being facetious anyway
medical attention
The reviewer used to work for Purple's main competitor, hasn't actually reviewed any mattresses, runs a social media marketing company, and isn't being sued for asking safety questions like he claims.
Try reading the first paragraph of the lawsuit, and then Purple's response in this thread if you're up for hearing both sides
Considering what kinda monsters can fly and jump across valleys though, it's pretty likely they're working with moon gravity or something
Agreed, only the finest art for my mantle
Yes XX is the latest game in JP, and I think Bloodborne looks great but I don't have a PS. Can't help with the last part, I kinda just play one game at a time until I get bored
I'm fairly new to the series too but I've put hundreds of hours into 4U, Gen, and XX the last few months. I remember MH only really clicked for me when I stopped being overwhelmed by all the info being thrown at you (a lot of which is NOT explicit) and started noticing all the insane attention to detail that's put into the game. The art design is gorgeous and the animations really convey weight and power, the monsters have not only cool designs but unique personalities, inventory and menu navigation is designed to be quick and relatively painless considering the tiny screen/resolution, etc etc. It's hard to see in the beginning when you're just focused on the cool monsters and not dying, but I've been trying to get friends to slog through the slow start
Some kind of scaling for online... Playing with two or three friends and being challenged shouldn't be mutually exclusive.
I will point out though that the best places for young people to live tend to be pretty socioeconomically diverse (U-City, CWE, Tower Grove, etc). Also STL has some of the best public schools in the midwest like Metro, Ladue, Clayton
Having not read the book, what does this mean? sounds interesting
Just to clarify, does that mean ECII from brave stance is weaker than normal Brave ECII, even if you go into brave stance while in brave mode?
don't worry there's still time
One thing to note is late end-game monsters won't reliably stagger from an SAED and can leave you open to being one-hit, which is why I think brave phial burst 3 is so great since you get the high motion values, the phial bursts, an infinite combo and you can still dodge out relatively early
how is she anti semitic?
I don't see it for sale at the trader, HR70 right now

EDIT: Found them lol, thanks!
MHXX: How do I get kokoto ticket g efficiently?
How important are elemental resistances on armor? I tried looking for info on how much elemental dmg monsters deal but didn't find anything on kiranico or google 

edit: related question, do the resistance bonuses from d. aura in mhxx mean all that much?
Lotta talk about gear in here but make sure your knowledge of critical distance and weak points is up to snuff, I haven't seen you reply to anyone that's brought that up yet
Kelbi Magala
Brave HBG users: which ammo fills up the brave gauge quickest? seen both normal s lv3 and Pierce shots used
Nice, good to know! Would you say wycademy points are less important than zenny overall?
Maybe it's just me but people don't leave if I hunt silently vs if I say something simple in English like hi, altho I haven't tried using Japanese like that 
For anyone else wondering, I've been buying armor sphere+ for 300pts and selling for 300z. not really making zenny but I got what I needed
MHXX: Easy way to farm for zenny? I'm HR10
The dialogue is super engrossing, and the ramen looks good but pretty flat which makes me wonder, has food photography come much further along or is the saturation and warmness we're used to just the popular look right now
brave style gives axe mode good mobility and various quick ways to access element discharge 1 and 2 so they're much more spammable. i actually like what they've done with the charge blade, each game after MH4U has given the weapon other good options aside from aed headsnipes and it's become a much more fun weapon
If I dodge part of an attack using i-frames, do I only take partial damage?
How long does sp mode last?
thanks! do you know about what kind of dmg bonus axe mode gets with blue shield? and is there somewhere with this mhxx data aggregated in English?
Yeah I've only seen people suggest it's yellow shield but nothing concrete. I'm really curious if it gets the axe mode dmg bonus, if it blocks like yellow or red, and what kind of any phial bursts it gets on GPs
For MHXX:

- What exactly are the properties of blue shield for brave style CB? 

- Are there things you can't brave evade? And are most attacks still regularly evadable without any evasion+?
Is there enough time to cook a steak if I put a monster to sleep using my weapon?
Transmog or not I'm wearing that sick helm
were KO values on phials boosted across the board?
What about smoke, poison, flash, dung and sonic bombs?
that's a good point, even on YouTube I've seen different looking caps texture wise so who knows what else is different
Okay it does look like all the rubber's been removed, and it's snug enough to not fall out or go any deeper with pressure. 

The cap is aligned with the diamond shape of the c-stick but now I think maybe that's the problem. The c-stick has its edges facing cardinal directions while the psp cap has a rectangular shape its sides facing cardinal directions. It seems like everyone would have a cap that will tilt diagonally because of that? Again, it inputs fine but feels off cuz of the axes being weird
So I replaced the c-stick on my N3DS with a PSP nub a while back, it works a little better than the original but it sits at an angle and is just kinda wobbly overall (works fine just feels cheap).

Now I have a N3DS XL I'm considering doing the same thing to and I wanted to ask ppl who've done the same mod: do yours feel that way too or that I just do a bad job getting all the original c-stick rubber out?
truuu there's a million other quests that do feature limping monsters
Yeah I never beat it either, I honestly was pretty frustrated by the gambit system's limitations since I couldn't fully sit back and relax or take control to the extent I wanted. If they added some much needed gambits (make it more like baby's first java program lol) it'd be beyond addictive
Lol I think you're right, should've known you'd already played FF12 since you're playing MobiusFF
FF12 has AI controlled combat that you can customize, I wouldn't say it has great autobattle mechanics but the game as a whole is very good and well-rounded

EDIT: And it's easy to emulate on PC, there's a fan translation of the improved international zodiac version
I'm really enjoying Adept CB, you get way more opportunities to guard point than in 4U and it just feels more "complete" with multiple options for most situations. Worth losing the broken UED
MHGen? I'd look at the rathalos and tigrex CBs, both are near the top of the heap for raw damage in LR CBs
game warden: "what? is this a prank call?"
That would be amazing! I always think "man I just wanna mess around right now," but I don't always want to deal with all the quest stuff just to be able to keep what I find. MH4U expeditions were pretty 👌 but I'm playing Gen and I'm hurting
One more question: I just installed A9LH and restored my original NANDmin following the guide, do I need to follow the steps for setting up Luma and FBI and everything in "Finalizing Setup"? Or am I good to do the system transfer from my old N3DS at this point
Sorry I wasn't clear but I know not to update the XL, just wasn't sure if it mattered that I was system transferring from 11.1 CFW. Thanks!
I'm going to copy data from my CFW 11.1 N3DS to my new XL, should I update to 11.3 first?
very good
looks kinda cute here. chubby cthulhu 
As someone who's played not a super long time but longer than most (7 years), the times I've been fully immersed in melee I could definitely play out tech chase situations and combos based on different DI just in my head, so I think it's just a matter of knowing the game well enough. 
It becomes clear if you rewatch the fight scene after Saitama returns from the moon. The perspective, music, everything is framed to make Boros seem like the underdog hero (down to the inner monologue and "unlocking" of his true power through his heart) and yet... he still loses completely and utterly. I honestly didn't think the episode was a good season finale but I do like Boros' last stand a lot.
jesus christ
Also worth noting, I battle every trainer and run from most wild battles and I've had to edit my team's levels down a few times to not be overleveled, currently on the 3rd island.
I've put 20+ hours into the game and it's great so far! The only negative feedback I have is that it's not fun battling rando trainers using things like double team hax or moody abuse or FEAR (altho most players will prob recognize and get a kick out of it). It'd feel more fair if gimmick teams were less common, like one or two per island. Anyway, great work!
As long as I don't have to restart to update, that's great!
As you update the romhack, can we "dirty flash" so to speak the updates and keep our save data?
Let's be honest, we're all a little disappointed in him
Sure is
Have you been able to claim it? Nothing happens after I click the emailed link and the app opens
To be fair, if I'm gonna wait I'm gonna make sure there's someone in there and the door isn't just locked for some reason. "Come in!" is great though haha

Edit: wait are we talking about single occupant bathrooms or stalls. that's weird if ppl knock on stalls
Ah I hadn't thought of those, thanks for the good advice
I recognize this is the wrong place and I'll find somewhere else to trade, but where is the good advice? 

I'm interested in tips on where to post but all I've been told so far is that 

-this is the wrong place 

-no one wants to buy or trade some devices I don't even own (??)

-I should post this in a subreddit for trading even though that's where my original post is, linked in the OP

-I'd have the best luck finding 3ds hackers on ebay or craigslist. 

Am I crazy here?
Fair enough, I figured that meant "online sale" type of deal not "let's make a deal"
Just to clarify, I'm not selling any of the devices you mentioned, I'm trying to trade not sell ideally, and I don't think eBay and CL are how to reach 3DS hacking enthusiasts, who are the only ones that care about CFW. Sooo basically the opposite of everything you posted   
Well I'm just looking to trade and I didn't see anything about that in the rules, plus I specifically posted in this thread to not clog up the main feed. Not sure where else to reach 3ds hackers since no one else will be interested
Anyone interested in trading their N3DSXL for a mint condition N3DS with CFW, controller grip, and dock?

Details: https://www.reddit.com/r/hardwareswap/comments/5vfgzj/usamo_h_mint_new_3ds_with_custom_firmware/
cool but I was thinking they would fuse saitama and mumen rider and combine their powers, they've been dropping hints everywhere
I do have the funds for option 1, but I'm not really sure if I'll be laid off. They made it clear they'd like me to stay and be a receptionist and there'd be further possibility for advancement, so I wonder if that isn't also a way to cover their asses re: unemployment benefits? I don't know how any of this works lol
Dang, that seems to be a whiles away. thx for the followup 
Did you ever find a way? same problem
It looks like more ppl recommend MH4U over MHX for newbs here, I picked up MH4U a month ago and haven't had any trouble finding other newbs to play with
What's your experience level? I'm kinda new
I only just unlocked HR2 so I'm good to start from the beginning. I have a steam account that I never use lol, what do you think about using discord?
I'm down to play, and I'm free most nights! Just got the game earlier this month and almost have 100 hours haha
I also just picked up MH4U earlier this month, I'm already 80 hours in but I'm def still a noob and would love to hunt with some other beginners (to OP and anyone else)
What industry is that?
the Japanese rural folks feel the same but are too polite to say it
[This one with the kickstand](https://www.amazon.com/Gam3Gear-Handle-Stand-Nintendo-Black/dp/B00WU8EEAC/ref=pd_sim_63_4?_encoding=UTF8&pd_rd_i=B00WU8EEAC&pd_rd_r=CHFZ8JP047GVTMSZ5QNC&pd_rd_w=rtRhJ&pd_rd_wg=awSNH&psc=1&refRID=CHFZ8JP047GVTMSZ5QNC)
Thx for the offer but I'll still need them if no one catches this
No worries, still interested in when you bought it if you're willing to share lol
well we're trading so shouldn't we both know about each other's systems? either way I will add 30 dollars to trade my bundle with your system if it's mint condition
I'm interested, what condition is yours in and when was it purchased? I recognize the xl is worth more
I've only sold phones on there, but Swappa barely takes anything iirc
Okay, I thought I'd read that ppl couldn't follow the guide using Steelhax but maybe that was related to the insert game cartridge thing instead
If I have Steelhax and HBL and I'm trying to get CFW on my system, do I still need to follow the Soundhax step in the guide or can I skip straight to the Decrypt9WIP step? I'm on 11.0.0.33U N3DS
I'm learning the game with MH4U, and I have a question for hunting horn users: Is there a good way to keep track of your buffs and when they expire? I find it hard to keep track since afaik when the buff expires its icon just drops out of the rotation of status effects icons by your name, and there's no other real indication.
If I just have HANS, do I need a physical copy of the game?
It looks like I can through HANS in homebrew launcher
What can I do with just homebrew + no cfw on 11.0? I read I can play fan translations and romhacks, but I searched around and just got more confused lol. It looks like HANS is used, but idk the steps or prep needed. 

Also interested in other cool things I can do, like the processor speed and region free stuff
Ah okay, that's not too bad of a workaround. Thanks! Hope they expand on this feature sooner rather than later
I just want to make sure I'm using it right: I've enabled freeform windows system-wide, but it still seems freeform windows occupy a separate "desktop" than regular apps, so there's no way to have a window on top of a normal app
Like this? And nothing else

https://i.imgur.com/2uXajl2.png
Awesome, thanks. When you say you can use a 14mm male-male adapter as well, do you mean instead of? Or in addition to the 14mm intake adapter
I'm pretty unfamiliar with with these kinda adapters, could you explain how it would work and if I'd need anything else? From the description it looks like it's for concentrates. I already have stuff from the hydrobrick whip adapter if that helps
Well I am a Falco main, and I know that pillaring is a huge part of his combo game on mids and floaties. It's the most consistent way to 0 to death mid weights on FD, most reliable way to set up shine off the top on both mids and floaties, and gives you super rewarding mixups in reading and taking your opponents double jump, baiting and punishing attempts to combo break, etc etc

You need weak dair to access these options consistently lol
Haven't played a lot of PAL Falco but the loss of weak dair should reduce his combo ability on midweights and floaties. You need weak dair to pillar them effectively
thx well that was easy
Idk if anyone will even see this, but if you're thinking of buying olive chinos from Uniqlo like I did be aware it's a really dark olive green. Indoors and at night it kinda clashes with black the way a really dark brown would. It's still a rly good pair of pants for the money.
your tech skill needs to be almost 100% consistent, otherwise you'll be dividing your attention between your inputs and the game itself
this is dope af. is there a version of this with kohh's rap at the end too? the beat coming back in after frank's last verse is way too tuff
Fighting games absolutely require immediate feedback though, especially when you're trying to space around your opponent's movements and hit one-frame (1/60th of a second) links
both of them have been a little petty imo, but i have to point out the "debunking faster melee" video never actually claims FM doesn't have lower input lag. it was just deceptively titled
what blog?
lmao are you serious? that's the weirdest thing I've heard today and also makes sense kinda
"hello?"


"the powerball numbers"


"what?"


*click*
Some recommendations:

* Drayano hacks up the difficulty without making battles overwhelmingly hard or changing the story - they're just harder versions of the original games that let you catch  and evolve every Pokemon without having to trade. Trainer's pokemon have good movesets, every gym leader starting from the first has a full team, wild pokemon are higher lvl so you can switch out pokemon more easily, etc. Look into Blaze Black (2), Emerald Omega, Storm Silver
* If you're really looking to play through Red, check out Yet Another Fire Red Hack (http://www.pokecommunity.com/showthread.php?t=289571). It's the most polished FR hack, the creator knows what he's doing and has implemented the physical/special split from later gens and handpicked 150 pokemon from across the first five gens to replace the original 150 you'd usually see in Fire Red. It's not as hard as a Drayano hack but still more difficult than the official games, and I had a lot of fun with it. If it's not obvious by now I prefer hacks that don't mess with the original story (most ROM hacks with original stories are pretty amateurish imo) and are fully polished and complete, so if that sounds good to you then def check out the ones I've mentioned
* Use set battle mode instead of shift, it's more challenging and it eliminates your unfair advantage over the CPU
* Check out www.smogon.com for ideas for your own pokemon's movesets
good list but it'd be a shame if steve blum didn't voice aizawa. his brand of cool fits aizawa perfectly
There's not a big movement to unify anymore, it's generally understood how different the games really are. Both melee and sm4sh are thriving tho
I didn't check every category but I didn't see White

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qFrJwd5Xvr4
It's probably dependant on the animation length too. A short special attack animation with a short damage window should be easy to dodge, you just react and dodge. Nothing visually tricky and no specific timing to memorize.
That doesn't seem to be the case from what I've read elsewhere. If an attack has a 200ms damage window, that should mean it will do damage for 200ms of the animation length. Dodging gives you 500ms of invulnerability, so I'd think you'd want special attacks with long damage windows that prevent dodging the entire move.
Body slam has a small damage window which makes it easy to dodge and relatively bad for defending, is that right?
I miss Hax's reactions the most

someone link Lord vs S2J RR ending with hax's face
Grab the same file off a public tracker and seed both
What historical period was that when people would kill each other at the dining table and nobody would give a crap?
Yeah a floating app with a notification to show/hide would be amazing! No more having to switch out of PoGo everytime
I've been farming slowpokes in the same park and I've noticed over the past couple days that most if not all of them have the same/similar IV values in each category. This is anecdotal and I haven't analyzed each capture but it's definitely caught my attention.
Those are indeed two examples of racism, but if you've grown up experiencing racism throughout your life you wouldn't just describe it as being called some racial slurs and being left out of some things. 


You tend to be treated differently by authority figures, you'll notice that when a minority does something people will believe it's reflective of their race and culture but when a white person does something it's reflective of that individual, you'll feel the constant expectations of others to behave a certain way because of your race (black ppl love hip-hop, hispanic dudes are always horny, etc), the list goes on. Even if you want to believe everyone's judged on their merits alone you can't help but hear about stats and studies on things like the difference in pay grades between whites and minorities, how ethnic sounding names get less job callbacks, or how black ppl are way more likely to be incarcerated or brutalized by police, etc etc. It's a lot more than being called racial slurs and being excluded from some things.

If that's all you think racism is then it's pretty safe to say you're not a victim of it
Okay but a Vaporeon or Lapras will take out that Lapras much faster with less damage taken, even with resistances. 
It is, thank you
This is it, thanks!
I have a Victreebel with Acid and Sludge Bomb as it's attacks (both poison), and I didn't see that on the list. How does it compare to a Victreebel with grass attacks? Is it worth powering up?
Pretty surprised Starmie isn't S/High A tier, same with the starters and Cloyster. Weird
And 35CP for the last 1000SD power-up before it jumped to 1300SD, so 35 seems accurate for me at least
Cool, I just it powered it up twice and it gave 36 and 34 CP, now it's at 720CP with 1000SD for the next power up
Just curious, is "its level" a value from the game itself or a value you've independently calculated? I'm level 14 as of this report, if that matters
My Victreebel has 650CP at 1000SD for the next powerup, what does this give?
I don't think anyone knows right now whether higher attack moves are definitively better than lower attack moves, so I'm not too worried at the moment
There's a pretty popular project called The Silph Road that already tracks sightings of specific Pokemon by location, here's how to join: https://www.reddit.com/r/TheSilphRoad/comments/4rhp15/were_giving_out_500_access_codes_to_the_silph/
yes you can see the exact moment it happens when he comes down with that double jump nair
look we're not savages
What do you mean?
I don't think "meta" means what you think it means. A big change in meta would be 20GX and how that's changed Falcon's meta, not Hbox getting better at spacing and edgeguarding. There's been no big change in puff's gameplan.

  
Honestly a lot of this reads like someone who didn't follow the scene between 2011 - 2014. Mang0 made more reads in the past but he wasn't just reading his opponent the entire game. He still had to play neutral and he still used tried and true follow-ups in his punish game. People don't power-hield now more than before, Armada's been doing powershield into dsmash for forever and powershielding Falco's lasers was more emphasized in the past meta than now. The meta's advanced but not so much that a player from the early 2010's couldn't compete.
I'm gonna assume you mean "as good as" and not "the same" since being different doesn't equate to being better. Hbox has almost certainly gotten better across the board but it's not as clear cut for everyone else. It shouldn't be that hard to believe that certain aspects of their game have gotten better and other aspects have plateaued or gotten worse over time. Do you think the PPMD from Smasher's Reunion or SKTAR would have no chance of winning a major today?
The overall skill level of high level players has gone up but I don't think there's anything to suggest the top 6 are safer and smarter than a few years ago. Even with regular practice, people's skill can plateau and regress and people can become less invested in the game as time goes on.
It seems like a lot of people here tend to do that, where they think almost everyone's skill level has gone up and up ever since they started playing. Armada is pretty clearly not as mentally resilient as when he was a newer member of the top echelon and more invested in the game, and I think PPMD in his prime would still be a top 3 contender today.
I thought about calling and asking directly, but I'm worried the accident protection only starts after 30 days and they'll flag my device as having been damaged during an ineligible period.
So you end up doing all the dishes because she's "incompetent" at it? 

congratulations u just played urself
For some reason the average rating is much lower on the app store
I feel for you, it sounds like you're interacting with the wrong ppl in your scene and I would seek out ppl with better mindsets to play and practice against. It's hard to love the game if you're playing against whiners and sore losers all the time, and it's better for yourself to just play other ppl than to try to prove them wrong
dude let your cat leave if it doesn't want to be pet
people who play on wifi are the worst
it's only funny if they rage and you don't instigate
Really? I always get Japanese sweet potatoes from the Asian grocer, they're white and the sweetest ones I've ever had
lol this is really funny to me for some reason
You're welcome, hope you have a quick recovery
sick reference bro
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.grapevideoapp
There is no serious movement that paints all men as evil and all women as angels, and it's intellectually dishonest to portray feminism that way. It's also silly to rail against a group based on their most extreme proponents/members. You don't join the neo-nazi movement because some Jews act violently against Palestinians
Just recently started watching, I actually find the animation and art style pretty charming but I wouldn't mind if it was widescreen
Take's character designs are gorgeous, she's super talented
So like... couldn't she do this to a person? That's a fucking terrifying power
nice title lol
A phone with a non-removable battery is essentially "disposable" since that's usually the first part to degrade and go bad. Even if I'm upgrading every year I still like the option to pop in a brand new battery and get as much juice as day one.
It has higher production value than most shounens and its characters are anything but two dimensional but don't expect concise storytelling or grounded dialogue/writing. Mine is an unpopular opinion though, maybe you'd get more out of it.
I tried getting into it but after finishing I can't help but feel it's super overrated. Good character work and it tackled a lot of interesting themes but there were glaring flaws in pacing, tonal congruence, over-exposition, plain old corny dialogue/writing, and heavy handed use of its characters as plot set pieces (I also hated the character designs but I understand that’s super subjective). Wouldn't even rank as my top shounen to be honest. 
ahh the good sad stuff
OP has a weird and uncommon interpretation of hbox's place and reputation among the top players, the general consensus is that he's unpopular with a lot of players and fans because he can come off as pandering ("fake") and a lot of people find his playstyle lame. I'm pretty indifferent towards him, he's obviously talented but I don't think his persona is that interesting compared to other top players
You forgot hip-hop instead of jazz/blues
Does no one else become hyper-critical watching stuff while high? Dumb fun movies are so hard to get into after smoking
The most important thing to keep in mind for prolonging your batteries is to not go through frequent full charge cycles. Lithium batteries don't really have a memory effect so you won't lose capacity with partial charges, but running your battery dead regularly or keeping it fully charged all the time (not as bad as running it all the way down) will damage your battery more quickly over the long run.


I generally avoid dropping below 20% if I have a charger nearby.


Source: http://batteryuniversity.com/learn/article/how_to_prolong_lithium_based_batteries
this title is way too sinister for such an innocuous gif lol
Thanks, I was looking at some CM-based ROMs too but I want some of the features on Touchwiz.
That's a good point, the fact that Satoru and the killer have been shown to look similar is probably another red herring.
Vape juice isn't made out of the "butter" found in microwave popcorn. The butter-like chemical that causes "popcorn lung" has been used to flavor certain vape juices, which is why vapers should research the ingredients in new flavors before buying. Vaping isn't healthy but at this point it's hard to argue it's less healthy than cigarettes.
Well I kinda said that 20 seconds is the optimal length of time in the title, I'm asking how bad is it to not wash for that long
it might be time to develop a more nuanced view of racial issues lol
I thought China had certain policies benefiting ethnic minorities? Like how the one child policy didn't apply to them or something
People's skill levels don't progress linearly like that, Pound V PP or Genesis 2 Mango could show up today and very likely win an international
this is much more entertaining though
close the fucking door guys
Pound V, Smasher's Reunion
that actually doesn't sound that bad
i gotta say though a tv show is a much better format for y: the last man, if only because you can't tell the same story in 2 hours
Let's not overreact, just because a guy has trouble keeping women interested through texting doesn't mean he sees women in some negative way. It's not helpful to pretend that texting someone you're into is the same as texting your brother, there's absolutely things you probably shouldn't text someone if you're pursuing them.
starting from away from ledge to towards ledge. away from ledge will let you release ledge without fastfalling, holding down will make you fastfall if your timing isn't tight
i roll my control stick in a half circle: away from ledge to release ledge, press b when control stick is pointing up to up-b, towards ledge to grab ledge quicker
can your shield be small enough that shield DI away might get you shield stabbed?
sick video, liked the presentation a lot made the players all seem badass
That's instant ramen, ramen vs instant ramen is like real pizza vs lunchables pizza
Should you shield DI down to avoid getting shield stabbed by peach dsmash? If so, if you react late and start holding down after the first hit does it still help?
I had a good hassle free experience with them for collision body work, they had the best price which I guess they're known for
Just to clarify, when you say that shouldn't happen do you mean pulling a fuse suddenly shouldn't cause a power surge and it would only result in the power cutting out?
My nose is really stuffed up but I don't smell anything out of the ordinary. Going to test the PSU later when I find a paper clip
No lights come on when it's plugged in but I'm not sure if my mobo or PSU has LEDs tbh. I've tried different outlets, didn't work unfortunately. Would a fuse being pulled cause a surge of power or just a loss of power? Worried things are fried.
Thanks I'll try those tests, dunno if my parts have LED indicators like that cuz I didn't see any. If it was just a power loss and nothing got overloaded, nothing should be fried though right?
International Institute of STL, can volunteer to help refugees and stuff
>You had a rude customer. Everyone does and I've had dozens that didn't give me $100 either.

boohoo


Where do you think you'll be in five years? In whatever sense of the question you wanna take
Brotherhood with the more serious tone of the original series might've been a 10/10 for me
SDI needle up and air dodge on stage
I think a lot of seemingly well-adjusted ppl in real life save their internalized hate for online where there's no consequences for spewing bullshit. Older generations didn't really have that kind of public anonymized outlet
More disillusioned and self-destructive than idiotic. He didn't even seem super upset about dying
chi-pah-tel is just fun to say
he's saying they're both water with artificial sweeteners (I haven't actually seen Crystal light so idk if that's accurate)
"people better off than me don't deserve empathy"
don't forget chaozhou cuisine
if he reverse up-b'd he probably would've been fine
Are you saying compound lifts are unsafe and ineffective?
omg
Big fan of Drake but this is a much better song than The Motto
A lot of these newer artists are worth checking out, at least give these a listen

Future Islands - Seasons

HAIM - The Wire

Rhye - The Fall
Had you given up before you told you?
ppl in chicago fb group saying it's not legit
Anywhere with more info on this? Couldn't find anything on the Canada Cup website
it's even better in the video cuz they add a rest sound lmao
Honestly that's not necessarily a bad thing for everyone involved.

>...evidence indicates that multinational firms routinely provide higher wages and better working conditions than their local counterparts

[The Effects of Multinational Production on Wages and Working Conditions in Developing Countries](http://www.nber.org/papers/w9669)
control your diet and lift weights
You're saying OP isn't looking for discussion but I'm getting that vibe from your posts
At least the newer phones/OS versions can switch on the fly between wifi and cell now
I like www.habitica.com for keeping track of habits like a RPG
Yowl
Look at the player cam, playing under that much pressure must be super stressful
Well that's cool I guess your life experiences do supersede everyone else's, black folks can just think about your life when white ppl call them niggas
You're not being directly held responsible, I don't think it's too much to ask to understand the historical context behind why you shouldn't call black people "nigga"...
If I'm reading that right $18 gets you one stein of beer
What are you doing to get blocked?
better IMO
IMPRISONED AGAIN
they're so bad they have to be rehearsed
super editorialized title
The battery sure wasn't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H5WUhQoyg7w
Ehh I kinda appreciate how it looks in a utilitarian way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yCMjBfq61U
More like Lex Luthor trying to hit Superman after taking off his power suit
Bad idea, your sense of timing would be affected
Nice, does this affect performance at all? Especially if done with a lot of games
Keep it but tidy it up, might look a little baby faced cleanshaven
source?
I recommend the Superlight version of the Improved Scaling mod, it affects scaling in a similar way to T and M but also slightly increases the stat gains enemies receive as they level up so the mid and end game isn't so easy. Doesn't affect other parts of the game.

http://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/250/?
I have all my parts except my storage, is there anything I can do in the meantime? Like test the components without hooking up storage
Yes it must be so tiring to tolerate 
Im The Fox Ditto Master


This sounds made up but I don't know enough about 19th century aristocracy to dispute it
Looking for something with a similar physical profile to the [Meelectronics CC51s](http://i.imgur.com/696UULi.jpg) I used to have, they were pretty small and hooked comfortably and easily into my ears. I've tried the [Soundmagic E10s](http://i.imgur.com/VpT0fjK.jpg), some NuForce ones, and the [Astrotec AX35s](http://i.imgur.com/N6hmVYA.jpg) and they all take effort to put in, hurt after a while and eventually fall out. Ideally a balanced sound profile, under $50, and the cheaper the better, thanks!
I appreciate this but then again I'd rather listen to a mediocre rapper with sick songwriting and production than a technically gifted rapper over a bland beat
Ppl downvoting don't realize you're the combo victim lol
You can explore Shibuya in [The World Ends With You](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_World_Ends_with_You), which is a highly regarded NDS game that you can get for iOS and Android now.

>The layout of Shibuya was duplicated for the game, retaining the real-world landmarks while rebranding the names of stores and buildings for copyright reasons; for example, the 109 Building was renamed to be the "104 Building", while one of the busiest Starbucks, adjacent to the scramble crossing, was renamed "Outback Cafe". The success of the game has led to fans going on tours of the district to match physical locations in Shibuya with those in the game.
I get you're being rhetorical but If that happens often it might be time to ask "Why do I come off as angry?" instead
To clear up a common misconception, Falco's run is faster than his max walk speed: http://smashboards.com/threads/ultimate-ground-movement-analysis-turbo-edition.392367/
Haven't seen it since it came out but didn't he get boomerang followups on tech in places and tech aways?
it's funny because it's such a weird DJ Moon thing to do and let's be honest they would've won the set either way. DJ and The Moon are just weird dudes lol
MS had cool ideas and just made videos of TAS wavelands with those ideas, Itaru's vids are way more interesting 
It's a coming of age story, they're kids and the romance isn't really the main focus anyway
You're a teacher? Jesus lol
are you serious? that's amazing lol
Alliser and his crew have shirked their main responsibility of guarding the wall no matter what, which is a way bigger crime. On a sidenote I wish ppl weren't downvoting you, you're adding to the discussion
Missandei by a country mile
lmao right she's like posing or something
oh
it's a tv show why make it personal lol
I actually got that screenshot from Google, no problems in Skyrim or GW2 on my end. Tried reinstalling driver too, nada but underclocking helped it pop up less frequently
It's been a while but I don't remember Samurai Champloo being particularly anticlimactic. I definitely came away from that show satisfied
Turnaround uptilt is actually the better option for continuing combos, but dtilt is good for setting up edgeguards since combo DI will often send them off-stage
Agreed, if Nintendo made balance changes it'd be to "benefit" casual players, who have always outnumbered competitive players. "Benefit" in quotes because melee was and still is a super fun casual/party game anyway, and the "friendlier" sequels still let pro players destroy casual players 
She understood the implication...
Curious how such an unfun and "glitchy" game is attracting more players than ever over a decade later... Melee has insane depth and is accessible and fun at every skill level, while the later entries in the series are fun party games but supremely dumbed down in comparison
It's not worth hooking up headphones or external speakers for youtube and stuff, I just prefer speakers that play in my direction at a reasonable volume. Stereo sound from your phone is cool too, and decent speakers make shower singing and car navigation easier lol
Mainly because it's a dismissive thing to say, like other races earn their accomplishments but that Asian girl? Whatever, all Asians are smart anyway
He's talking about the sulfate version which doses differently, most people wouldn't recommend dosing 40mg of regular tianeptine since that's entering recreational dose territory
How about a Falco Facebook group like the falcon R&D group? More people have Facebook than Skype
AdviceAnimals is full of bigots and their content sucks too
I highly recommend anyone intrigued by this video to look up the smash brothers documentary on youtube, the game's 14 years old and it's no coincidence the last few years have been its strongest yet. 
Interesting, hope someone can chime in and let us know just how much harder it is to ground tech her dash attack vs spacies. 

Honestly I've looked and searched and there seems to be a lack of information out there about ground teching moves to get out of combos and tech chases. Ground teching a single Fox upsmash can prevent a huge combo and change the course of a game and that's just one move. Sure top players ground tech a bunch of stuff but I'd love to see that kind of knowledge trickle down
i really did think it was funny that other poster got butthurt over his main being called shrek
yooo sick compendium of info, thanks man

p.s. fuck shrek
I see players ground tech Fox and Falco's dash attack all the time and punish them for it - why don't the top players ground tech Armada's dash attack like ever? Peachs use dash attack to tech chase almost all the time. Is Peach's more difficult to ground tech than the spacies'?
savage
are you trying to convince us or yourself? lol
Some grinding is almost necessary for an MMO to feel rewarding because it's no fun if everyone gets everything on a silver platter, and good combat mechanics and a system that encourages grouping and community (i.e. FFXI in its heyday) can make grinding fun and satisfying even for people who don't usually like grindy MMOs.
Agree with everything, Ping Pong definitely helped me develop my desire to win and to stay hungry for improvement. I think a lot of players become complacent with good enough, but this show will absolutely change that kind of mindset
Anyone that wants to space precisely like this without having to learn to pivot consistently, use shield pivots instead. It's almost as fast 

https://youtu.be/kKsEobD1pew
I've read in previous threads that a single 40mg dose of the sulphate is equivalent to 3x 12.5mg of the sodium solution and should last about 12 hours, and that's been working for me.
Someone should edit a pool of blood coming out from under him at the end lol
I get where you're coming from and I agree to an extent, what bothered me was how many upvoted comments seemed giddy at HTC's failure. I just want to read about interesting Android related news and discussions, not a community "takedown" of a major OEM, ya know?
These comments are embarrassing, I thought this subreddit was for Android enthusiasts not petty armchair critics. This isn't really news and the vitriol on display is just excessive
And when she does call him later, it really is one of her darkest moments
I had this problem even after factory resetting, turns out restoring settings from my Gmail during setup caused it so I factory reset and didn't add my Gmail until after setup
white people crazy
I feel like they are, current phones with front facing speakers (like the One, Xperia Z series, Nexus 6) already have reasonable bezel sizes and I'm on Youtube and Netflix a lot so the front facing speakers are pretty indispensable. The Nexus 6 is the first phone I've had with front speakers and I never knew it was something I wanted until I got the phone.
Doesn't matter, Y is just closer to B which makes stuff like multishining and short hop double laser easier
-Use Y to jump, makes certain tech easier

-Don't press trigger all the way down to L cancel (except to get easy tech against Fox's shine out of shield)

-Learn to play with relaxed hands, tensing up is tiring and causes sloppy tech skill

-Remember to focus on the opponent while playing, not your own character. Keep track of percents
Falco vs. Sheik: When is Sheik most vulnerable? Having a hard time finding openings against wavedash back, ftilt, and the needle triangle.
These all work on Lollipop:

Amplify: Blocks wakelocks, leave on default settings if you're not experienced, helps battery life a lot

Advanced Power Menu+: Add reboot and screenshot back to power menu. Set icon theme to dark grey on Lollipop to make it look good

Crappalinks: Remove link masking

Swypetweaks: Make Swype use Google voice

XToast: Add icons to toast notifications
Less "the Nexus 6 camera is so good" posts would be great, even if it's true
CAT SIMULATOR 2016
Aren't there a number of chemicals that react violently with water?
forward throw at low/mid percents puts falcon at tippy toe nair distance, do not recommend
kinda related, I hate getting the grounded OOS shine when I'm not going for it because the wavedash down timing is so different and I end up stuck in shine
soooo depression is a john now? "no johns" started as a way to poke fun at whiners, let's keep it that way
holy shit shattered galaxy dude, that was something special
It's not blood just water and protein
Thank you!
Didn't want to make a new thread but just got my first Seiko automatic and had quick question - been told I'm only supposed to adjust the time forward, but what about the date?
I'm a huge scaredy cat, does this series have jump scares?
http://www.hirschstraps.com/search?q=hirsch+scandic
http://www.hirschstraps.com/search?q=hirsch+scandic
stone fucking cold face the whole time
As I understand it, part of the problem is that not everyone will be able to contribute to society meaningfully due to factors like automation and population growth. Why hinder progress by "creating jobs" for something that could be done cheaper and better by machines or software?
Unfortunately the Xposed framework required by GravityBox isn't supported on Lollipop, and it's unclear whether it ever will be.
There were subtle hints dropped throughout the last two seasons, and the ending depicted the beginning of a relationship not the relationship itself. Above all that, there are way more gay and bi people in real life than popular fiction that it's weird there aren't more queer couples on TV
omg
I have found this thread helpful a number of times:

[[HOW-TO] TiBu The Easy Way!](http://forums.androidcentral.com/verizon-galaxy-nexus-rooting-roms-hacks/192528-how-tibu-easy-way.html)
http://www.amazon.com/Free-Screen-Protector-Nexus-Case/dp/B00O152P7G

Only the SF Black color, it's like the Nexus 5 back
but will we get socal regionals wes or apex 2014 ballz?
my hands used to be too tired to execute tech after two or three hours and they'd be sore the next day, so i had to think about and practice proper technique a lot. here's some advice for both newer and more experienced players

* consistent tech skill through practice is rewarding because it lets you focus on the opponent and your position instead of whether you pressed L a little too early or not
* don't death grip your controller, being too tense will hurt your hands and affect your reactions
* end your inputs cleanly. do you continue holding L/R or the control stick down too long after a shffl? do you sometimes roll or spotdodge and end up DI-ing a move badly? 
* if you find yourself jamming the l and r buttons (especially while wavedashing), practice pressing the triggers deliberately and timing the hard click. it'll save your index fingers and make your tech more consistent 
* use the tip of your thumb to move the control stick. i know a lot of you use the fleshy part below your thumb, you have more sensitivity and control at your thumbtip and will avoid tensing up this way
* this may be obvious but you can slide from one button to the next for button inputs that need to be super quick, like immediate short hop nairs (bottom of y to a) or double shines (y to b, you can slide through a on the way back to y)
* practice stage movement! be comfortable moving around every stage, keep your hands relaxed. axe practices stage movement when he's not playing against people

I find it awkward to hold since the bottom half, where I tend to hold the phone, is the thinnest part of the phone. Feels out of balance in my hand.
Who was the hidden boss??
This may not be the case, but don't discount the idea that she likes watching you play because she likes YOU and the game doesn't matter much. If she doesn't seem especially invested in playing competitively I would just leave it alone and appreciate that she cares about you.
Falco tech traps off the top of my head:


-Weak dash attack 

-Uptilt to upsmash on fast fallers (Mango)
I'm waiting for phones with the Snapdragon 810, which will start coming out next year. Of course there's always going to be something better on the horizon, but as I understand it the new chips are 64-bit and built on a 20nm (vs the current 28nm) process, which should greatly improve efficiency and reduce power consumption. We've been stuck with 28nm chips for a few years now so this seems worth waiting for.
I love wes but who hasn't beaten him lol
some of the best stories ever written are coming of age stories. still magical, my friend
It might be the best camera in an Android phone but if he/she's coming from an iPhone it's probably not all that impressive
That's true but you can effectively use Android's recent apps as an open apps switcher unless you're running into RAM problems. A taskbar-style recent apps list makes more sense to me because it maintains workflow continuity, which is better from a user experience perspective. It also draws on top of what you already have open, which is faster than a fullscreen task switcher which typically has a fullscreen opening and closing transition animation.
Found this [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=166MLgzcqnw) and it definitely is, especially since it replaces the default task switcher. Hope someone can port something like this to Xposed soon.
To me, it's kind of like only being able to use alt-tab on your computer, with no taskbar at the bottom to see what other stuff you have open. Having to alt-tab everytime you want to see your other programs would get old fast imo.