Choke 'er? I 'ardly know 'er. /Leaves.
Digitális 24hr clock?
Half the time I find myself installing Gentoo or something. A learning experience for sure, but I'm running out of time for all my essays.
I grew up in the states but gained EU citizenship a few years ago, I should have more seriously considered attending college in Europe. I've certainly learned a lot and made great friends here, but the my debt is not insignificant.
It's important to have friends who make fun of you not having a job.
How's the batter life hold up? Have you had to replace it? That's what's usually troublesome with old machines, although I found having less cpu time/spare ram for distractions can help one (me) concentrate sometimes.
> Risk of electric shock
Phenomenal cosplay, she looks exactly like her.
I see you have tenFOURfox installed. Do you use it to browse Reddit?
Read NASA and saw floating person over blurry blue/white background. Wait this isn't space.
dtrace - maybe I've been watching too much Bryan Cantrill.
I think his points there were that you can make do with a limited camera, and that contrains can even be helpful. Saying it's the same quality as a RED is clearly not true, but acknowledging that it's low cost and often "good enough" and still very capable makes filmmaking more approachable.
You know, I feel like a deescalation approach would have been more controlled and have less fatalities. Just a hunch.
10 ANT
I like that there's a crosswalk just before the highway turns and descends through the Earth's crust.
No no no, that's Oracle's CEO, the only charity that guy funds is fore research into extending human life, namely his own.
A not insignificant amount of people are dual citizens and live outside the EU. This new law is supposed to apply to their data as well.
Everything okay?
Memes aren't beyond commenting on. Memes are like poetry, commentary of life.
Look at that atmosphere and that sea and lack of clouds. Course its graphics
And some people actually just aren't interested, even if they had pleasurable experiences it in the last. Drugs can also induce euphoria, but not everyone seems out drugs.
I'm a guy, and I can't imagine sex with someone I don't have an emotional connection with.
That's a pretty damning view. It sucks because my PocketCHIP actually arrived and is a wonderful piece of kit, I was really excited for NextThingCo.
But it certainly complicates trying to explain to your parents. "That makes sense because it means I did a good job and raised you as a god-fearing man"- no mother, that's not at all what I'm saying.
Yes, happened a couple times, but "Interest" is a broad term and didn't always mean the same kind of exclusive romantic feelings that I developed over about a week. 

One time ended in disaster (there were red flags that i won't go into), another time was a really rewarding but somewhat short fling before she returned to school, we stayed in touch but we had agreed not to try long distance.
Does anyone know if the chip ever actually get mainline kernel support? They made a big deal about trying to get CHIP supported upstream.
DOS was essentially it's kernel, but win9x software is not DOS software.
I've been on Linux for a couple years, I wonder if I could be elitist among my Linux friends by running illumos, a BSD, or something like Haiku OS.
You can, but in the early days of multirotors one of the advantages of tricopters over quads/hex/etc was the ability to use a single kind of prop. With the hobby having been primarily focused on fixed wing RC aircraft, counter-rotating props weren't always available.

I don't think that was an issue by 2014 when I built that tricopter, but it was mentioned in the videos and instructions I followed.
Thanks!
Actually happened to me when my motors weren't all spinning the same direction when they were supposed to. (Tricopter)
What the fuck, SyFy...
Damn, I was really getting into it, I really enjoyed s3 on Netflix. The cringe of early s1 was long gone and it was really developing it's universe.
Dark Matter is cancelled?
Lowish supply and I think they're trying to keep the prices low for people buying single boards. It's really counter intuitive though
Auto level helps a lot, but it takes a lot of practice to deal with a drone not oriented the way you are. Get yourself turned around and find yourself climbing a tree to fetch your tricopter, again.
Are you doing okay?
Maybe they're LoS-flight only plebs.
At the very least take walks/flail to music at some point in your day. I'm at my worst when I don't even do that.
Not all. I've had a couple very direct approaches and it's so much better that way.
I like your shirt!
What? No I'm just going for completely platonic coffee with this girl I met at a party, she seems cool and I want to be friends. Seriously, I'm partially blind to this, but also never expecting of anything.
Another angle that combined with the first sum to 90°.
When someone says they like your shirt. 
It's a term in software, but it describes an appropriately complex/unweildy task. The process of getting software onto a system that has no software/tools for such as task reflects the original intent.
>The trick to buying a house is to do have done so in the past, this is where young people tend to go wrong. They didn't buy any property at all before they were born.
[CAPITALISM, A FAILED SYSTEM](https://youtu.be/GOhu9wYo-iI)
Nice simulation!
[it's either so go or so bad, never in the middle/ I either feel it all at once, or feel so little/ there's no middle](https://youtu.be/osQnAK4PkRw)
Do you stuggle with sleep or are you genuinely exhausted by what you do? If sleep is a problem, doing more and actually tiring myself out has helped me sleep better and in turn be better rested.
Good point, people click on links all the time not knowing what's on the other side.
Neat read
I'm no longer religious but I do miss my old church. It sucks that they became very anti-LGBT recently; I thought they were all about acceptance
Change cannot be stopped, but we can have smartphones and still make demands about how the software works
Maybe, but stereotypes aren't always true and I give people the benefits of the doubt. It's not my thing, but it's not harmful either so I just keep scrolling.
God saw the signal, and said it was good.
Thanks for this, I wonder if I can do some interesting graphing with this
Op might be at University, but even if not, my highschool had a stick anti phone policies that weren't enforced unless they were a distraction. Also, I never once used my locker after middle school.
But it's in part why typing on low clock DOS machines was so responsive. Also, you weren't running electron apps.
It was going to be called personal area networking ( compared to local and wide area) but that was deemed too generic to trademark.
You don't sound fond of coperate wealthfare.
Thaaaat this sub has the best memes?

>I also did FRC/robotics in highschool, in 2014 our team literally named the robot ["Peter the Great Egg"](https://i.imgur.com/t1ysTPV.jpg), (long story), but just because my name would be Esztilla/"ez"/"ezsteel" doesnt make me not cis!/s
Privately contracted ride sharing services**, taxi services have to follow the law.
Have a good trip, take luck!
In times of overwhelming academic stress my madaptive tendencies have me stay up all night and crash just before classes, sleeping through them. If classes are the danger, my body has successfully avoided the danger, but playing dead is not a solution. These responses don't always make sense in our complex modern lives.
Oh god I loved that phone, I'm still kicking myself for using it in a pool with a cracked screen. My XC feels like a spiritual successor, same dimensions/screen/camera with not much is lacking (sans 4k videó), but it's not a huge upgrade either. The OS is near stock, and nougat is great; I could never go back, but damn did I love my Z3C.
Are there good XDA threads? I might need to borrow my brothers old phone and test it. His had camera troubles but was otherwise in mostly decent shape.
Some people are very religious, some do nofap, some people genuinely have no urge. Never assume any human experience is universal.
Another 65% do it irregularly, and 5% actually don't.
If it requires soap to remove, it's bonded with the soapy water when it goes down the drain.
Hello human, I recently awoke from sleepmode, and am about to fetch breakfast (as humans do, of which I am a specimen of).
Just don't forget to sleep, or other bodily functions like eating.
That feels backward to me, for years I've assumed attack is the ramp up time.
You're right, things could be worse. I'm accumulating student debt and struggling at college (fuck ADHD/depression), but I've actually had a lot of luck with my opportunities.
It kinda looks like a digital drawing, especially with the seemingly flat shaded colors.
Not an issue in my '96 corrola with aftermarket security system and key-fob. Good thing I have no plans to upgrade for a while... God I'm broke.
Hungarian is phonetic and has/lacks some features you may find interesting. 

Norwegian may have [26](https://youtu.be/f488uJAQgmw) letters but Hungarian has [40](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hungarian_alphabet) (if we exclude Q,W,X,Y). It has at least two of every vowel, four Os and four Us.

Also, it's pronouns aren't gendered and you can't specify the gender of your sibling without also conveying their age relative to you, or being awkward and saying "my male sibling".

I'm also pretty sure there's no direct translation of "is" or "are", because it's grammar is very different and handles that almost implicitly from word order.

I hear it's hard to learn, but it's neat to see an example of a language that makes very different assumptions.
Overconfidence my downfall.
Well, I dropped and cracked my screen at some point, so the chlorine pool being an issue shouldn't have been a surprise.
Trying to prove/disprove the existence of God is a fruitless afair. I can't believe he's there but that's me. What's important is how we live and treat each other, which Christianity is (generally) pretty good about. 

I grew up in a church and I do often miss the sense of community, the worship songs, and retreats.
Yes! Just wasn't as waterproof as it was supposed to be.
You're intentionally being an ass? 

Two may cover the majority of people you know, but it's not the whole story. Even if you look only at birth sex, it's very often not as simple as chromosomes. The world is complicated, and doesn't always match your expectations.
Assigned Saab at birth? Uh, sister? sex, that's the one. I'm used to AMAB or AFAB, I just hadn't heard the generic before. It's useful.
I'm sure you know the difference between the the potentially persecuted users of encrypted chat vs the government-backed misinformation machine.
He also has a couple involving Rick Astley. 
You *can* edit comments you know
I thought Coachella was this just finished weekend. I watched the live streams on YouTube, MØ was great.
I wonder if before all the JPEG it was a taken on a Polaroids or other film camera. Is long exposure time in daylight a thing with that kind of camera.
It's still a problem
Yeah, no apostrophe. Gods is plural.
[SFW](https://youtu.be/8yj0E0wxZZo)
It's easy to do poorly, usually in already troubled films. It becomes an easy thing to point at.
I felt that disturbing was the point. A huge amount of the reactions when touring the country were candid camera, and shed light on the fact that far right ideas still with us. I watched it when before the last US national election, so I was certainly reading a lot into it.
You didn't notice driving through the massive stargate just outside town? Jeeze, talk about distracted driving.
Ayyyy, a fellow demi!
The goal was never long term compatibility. Macs aren't targeted at people who bought AppleWorks back in '03 and hasn't tried anything else since. If you gotta run AppleWorks, the windows version runs fine.
It's backwards compatible to an extent. Classic mode and Rosetta worked well, but were short lived.
Apple's products may not be for me, but I respect them standing up for privacy and encryption. It's my understanding that most or all of their cloud services encrypt data before anything is uploaded. They literally don't have the keys, which is why the face/feature detection features in their photos app runs offline on your own computer and not online like Google's.
They would be within their rights to ban the president, if they wished to, but even if we disregard any public backlash, it's in their interest to be the platform of the president.
I don't envy the site hosts, but a blanket pass for politicians isn't really the solution. At the end of the day it's a private service selectively enforcing their ToS with the incentive to keep their platform popular. If Trump's tweets bring people to Twitter, they can't just ban him.
Ace or otherwise, your reasons are valid!
Not necessarily, plenty of people just aren't interested.
That's actually really cool, thank you.
Maybe... It almost looks quaint though.
Overclocking is a good analogy. What task the CPU is actually running is still up to you, but it makes it possible to get things done.
A decade? That sounds surprising, but the 90s weren't 10 years ago anymore.
"Multiple Document Interface". Larger screens with higher DPI, plus snapping, have all helped reduce the need for it. I had a really fascinating experience a while back using old Mac software, where the "shared UI elements" are in floating toolboxes. It's incredibly different to modern webapps and electron/multiplatform apps all fit in a tab/rectangle.

Really awakening to see how far we've come from the desk-top & documents metaphor. The desktop (as a metaphor) is dead.
Multipass.
So long as the cloaking device doesn't fail. Is that naquada powered or derived from Romulan tech?
"Hey! This person whose followed by thousands' posts got a couple hundred likes last week, I'm sure you'd prefer those highly reacted-to posts to what anyone you know IRL did this morning! I'm being so helpful!" -IG suggestion algorithm.

"You're spending a lot more time in the app, surely it's because you're more engaged, and not because you're lost and trying to find recently posts by people you actually care about IRL! Here, let me show you more old posts by that comic from last year!"
[I would prefer not to consume bovine lactose, at any temperature.](https://youtu.be/K0fyTYvSuG4)
And his tearing-pad of $2 bills.
Seriously, wtf. Wash your fucking hands people. It's not that difficult.
So I should assume you're grumpy for using a period/full-stop to end your sentence?
One of our mentors called it "the hardest fun you'll ever have" which the six-week build season really is. There's not a lot I miss about highschool, but those were good afternoons and weekends.
We had a similar discussion in a demisexuality chat where there seemed to be a lot of computer-y people in the group. From finding the term at all to being regular Redditors I think there could easily be selection bias. Are computer-y people more likely to be introspective? I have no idea.
Planetary rings though, flying within Saturn's rings actually would be a lot like that.
Phone's aren't general purpose PCs. Or maybe he's Redditing via carrier pigeon.
Yeah, but small. It has to be in order to be so close to the calculations. Lots of work goes into deciding how you use that very limited capacity, because every cache-miss is very measurable.

Learning about the MMU and L1 / L3 caches in class, all I could think of was a tiny astronauts with a manned maneuvering unit shuffling data between Lagrange points in space.

This is what happens when you're obsessed with space and the acronyms are reused.
That would be more accurate. SSDs are beginning to approach comparable speeds, especially ones that ditch SATA for PCI derived connections, but I we're not exactly there yet. This shift does have interesting implications for managment of memory/swap space/cache etc, when you have a 2 TB spinner, a 500 GB sata SSD, a 128 gigs or so M2 SSD and then 16gb ram. Disk/memory becomes more like a gradient, especially if you consider CPU cache and registers.
Losing power is basically like having an earthquake. All _your_ plates are now broken on the floor, whereas Jim, who keeps his in padded boxes in cabinets, can still serve dinner on something. It does usually take him more time unwrap each plate, but he's getting better.
I mean, PCI connected SSDs are approaching the speed of memory, and there will be some interesting implications once the differences are less apparent. In an iPhone however, it's still two very distinguishable things.
Industrial targets like railyards in big cities, or my grandparents house which happens to be right next door (they would rebuild). God, I should record my grandparents stories before they pass, they're doing alright but aren't exactly young. Also ask my parents more about having lived under communism. Being born in the first world is a privilege I often overlook.
Wait what. Xkcd has so many secrets... How do people find these?
There was also xk3d around that time. Xkcd's been around a while. I remember it having only ~500 comics when I first discovered it in middle school.
I think they should either cut it all the way through, leaving you two smaller sandwiches, or not cut it at all. The Siamese attachment as is is frustrating 
Sometimes an abortion is the least shitty option.
I mean, there was never a time you could be 100% certain, but it's gotten so much harder of late.

Here's a neat video about [mainstreaming](https://youtu.be/Gq0ZHgKT2tc).
I agree with you, I'm all for reducing abortion, it usually sucks for all parties. 

We could do a lot with sex ed that isn't  a joke and by having better access to contraception. Neither of these would appease the stereotypical crop of protestors though.
In addition to being against Planned Parenthood they're against well planned protests?
As someone who sometimes struggles to keep a healthy weight, no. No you do not. 
Women couldn't be actors in those days, it was improper. Much more acceptable to have a boy in a dress.
Hungarian has _„megszentségteleníthetetlenségeskedéseitekért“,_ which according to google translate means "for your unscrupulousness", in truth it has no intelligable meaning, it's just a like of prefixes and suffixes that are grammatically valid.

Heres it broken down a little, but I'm no linguist.

- meg<> - applying to &lt;&gt;
- szentség - holiness
- <>telen - without &lt;&gt;
- <>ít - &lt;&gt;ify
- <>hetetlen - un&lt;&gt;able
- <>ség - &lt;&gt;ness
- <>es - &lt;&gt;ful
- <>kedés - business of &lt;&gt;
- <>eitek - &lt;&gt; of yours
- <>ért - because of &lt;&gt;
NPR had a segment last night with one of the guests defending Sinclair and saying it wasn't news. Frustrating to listen to the callers defend Sinclair on behalf of their local stations.
They didn't do so with out Earth tho, zero g makes it cooler.
You had earth, unless you live in space.
You see, today's Friday, and she's gets weekends off...
Huh, this is what I get for listening only on Spotify. The "extended album" has "Get Away", "Follow you", "Bow down", "warning call" and various remixes, but apparently there's more CHVRCHES than I've heard.

I should support this band I love so much.
There is something to be said about people's eyes being blinded by everything being a monotone 100% white, and it isn't merely "turn down your brightness". Colors can draw focus, but green is very neutral. Empty feilds are green, forests are green. 

In print, I might disagree, but on a screen there's less reason to avoid areas filled with neutral colors.

(Also, dark mode)
Time is just another type of cost, arguably more important in today's world.
I thought it was Welsh not Welch, is that like the "ch" ending on French or dutch?
Night owls could easily stay awake until the elders wake up around 5/6am.
Like the staff of an environment agency littering, or the employment agency being unemployed.
That is exactly what "improved infrastructure" and "fast lanes" mean in a post net-neutrality world.
It looks like an RC car on an ice rink, but it's still impressive. Animation is really hard.
Sounds like Hungarian, considering Finnish is considered the closest active language it makes sense; not that I can make sense of Finnish justfrom my Hungarian knowledge.
Huh. Wonder why that is, because it's in state?
I think the difference in texture could work, we use italics and bold in single color printing, I just wonder how many distinguishable styles you can have before it stops being readable
I'm not saying take all there money, just that (potentially increased) taxation makes sense. Per my other comment:
> "Earn" is an interesting word. They should definitely be compensated for employing many and growing the economy, but those employees were only available/business was only feasible b/c of public roads, education, services, etc. It makes sense to funnel a portion of the earnings back to the public.
Volkswagen recently taught us this.
[Spoil things, do you? Think that's fun?](https://youtu.be/TZqM8-m64tw)
I'm not sure it would be the same, bots etc that didn't come into play until later would be there from the start. Sometimes you can't recreate the magic of a one off event.
Voting also matters, reform could come from within.
Especially when the few guys control so much capital. Remember Twain though, ~"every American is a temporarily embarrassed millionaire". Many people don't want to tax the rich even to their own detriment, because they believe one day they'll hit it big and wouldn't want to share it then.
"Earn" is an interesting word. They should definitely be compensated for employing many and growing the economy, but those employees were only available/business was only feasible b/c of public roads, education, services, etc. It makes sense to funnel a portion of the earnings back to the public.
The people were availible to do said work because of public education, roads, services, etc. If huge profits are being extracted, it makes sense to funnel some of it back into the public.
Was it removed?
I misread something, I though it was black lives matter, which would contradict the second one.
Isnt that 'ẞ' (shorter stem) and I thought it was "ss"?
Often, but not always, you can unlink your account. 
For one, a plastic bottle doesn't disperse as much, and is generally much easier to recycle or even discard as one whole piece. Glitter goes everywhere, like sand. I hate sand, it's so coarse...
Just doing our best with the information available. This is why it's important to continue funding research, best practices can turn out to have unforseen consequences.
Some of it holds up better if you watch on VHS, which is how many people first saw those movies.
It's likely, but keep in mind I was using Mac OS 10.6, which at the time just lost support from chrome, and only had an extended support release of Firefox.
It's definitely feels more responsive, but I have to admit the machine was running really old Mac OS and the latest supported Chrome when I started the experiment, and modern Linux/Firefox by the end
Yeah, it's almost like learning actual self control would have been more productive than a [fragile technical solution.](https://xkcd.com/1172/)
Sounds like browsers not named edge on Microsoft Surface devices
I started using my ten year old laptop so I couldn't have more than two tabs open and get distracted, then Firefox Quantum came out, and now I'm on academic probation. Coincidence? I think not.
Doesn't matter if it was an attractive young lady, if it's rape, it's nonconsensual, and not a good time.
Yes! this is a phenomenal painting.
Other pieces of fanart in a similar style are ["For Chloe"](http://i.imgur.com/XPclbrX.jpg) and [happy_birthday_chloe](https://i.imgur.com/ld7X3Dz.png)

edit: oh shit, apparently the former is an edit of someone else's work: https://aarongriffinart.deviantart.com/art/Colour-Study-02-595905638
I'm not the only one who uses duckduckgo!
Inverse square law, b*tch, you go far enough away, it's impact is negligible
Sometimes it's insurance. I had to jump through a lot of hoops to try Vyvanse, but it didn't work for me. Loads of hyperfocus sans the fight-or-flight kick meant it was so easy for me to get distracted starring at a screen for X hours.
Adderall doesn't have to make you an emotional zombie; it depends on dosage and consistency, although not as sensitive as something like antidepressants (which you must take regularly or they will fuck you up, which they may do regardless). 

If you aren't adjusted to Adderall, and take one pill, or take it for a short span, you will notice the effects in a scary way. There's a reason it's a controlled substance, but it can be used responsibility and be part of a rich and rewarding life, never as an emotionless zombie.
ADHD can treat some symptoms of depression but not depression itself. 

You might feel like you get a metaphorical kick to the butt to get up and leave the house but still feel like you're putting up an act.

Take care of yourself, eat regular meals and get a reasonable amount of sleep. Try to figure out why you're doing what you're doing. You shouldn't be doing things just because they're expected of you, it should come from within.

Take a break if you can, and maybe see a therapist or counseling. I'm open for PMs, and if you're a student your school probably had something like a counseling center.
It can be a sign of uneven commitment to the relationship. I suppose it can scare partners who are still feeling it out, whereas I wouldn't be comfortable with half of what we do by that point if I didn't feel connected and committed in some way. 

Just because I care for them doesn't mean we'll be together for eternity, just that I'm comfortable around them, but it can come off as being overly attached, which of course hurts.
For the uninitiated: https://youtu.be/_3Q-NdRtn1o
Don't worry about it, aiming for it makes no sense. It's really underwhelming.
Raw potatoes. It weirds people out.
Sploosh.
Guardians of the Galaxy had a couple colors.
Upvotes are Anon, twitter likes are not. Many eggs and shy sober folk.
Where is `Demver`?
Owowowowow! That pain. 
Death is final, it gives our limited time here meaning. I wonder why you think therapy is pointless. Sure, antidepressants don't work for everyone, but you don't seem to have trouble self-medicating.

Morphine hides pain, it doesn't treat the issues, same with self medicating and my personal experience with antidepressants. Therapy on the other hand has helped me, digging into problems, trying to figure out what even is important to me, etc.

If you ever need an internet anon to vent to feel free to PM me.
Actually it's every other line alternating every frame. The horrors of interlaced video, literally unwatchable.
 You mean netherlandish?
Thanks, that seems to make sense, it can be hard to separate feelings when so many fall under "caring" for/about someone. Often these feelings do arise together.
Old paint had a skew feature that would at least let you slant it, not sure on these newer versions.
Wait, shouldn't compassion always be a part of romantic love, or have I missed something. What is romantic love? Speed dating?
Very well done, pleasant to listen to.
Thanks for that. I've been toying with the label for a while now, and I still doubt myself sometimes. "Maybe I'm just shy about sex and that's that", but looking at that list, I react to each item very similar to you.

I've been getting better at picking up when others are flirting with me, but I have no idea how to respond or even if I want to, though with certain people intellectual discussion is read as flirting.
There's so much more to a relationship than what equipment one has, it's a shame our world is so sexualized and preoccupied with what other people have in their pants. No one should have to say.

I'm way on the wrong side of the country, but I hope she finds someone nice.
At one time they used to be white space capsules (one right side up one upside down) that got tinted red or blue when you clicked them.
Like the people who keep pulling the triggers?
DS9* I doubt bajoran religious figures show up in the Delta quadrant.
This *has* to be parody, right? Please? God why... \*cries\*
greatLink is actually the hostname of my VPS.
:/
Words mean many things, makes it harder. Relationship does usually imply a romantic relationship, but relationships can also refer to one's connection to parents.
I mean, I'm Hungarian, so in a sense I'm [martian](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Martians_(scientists\))

I can't stick to anything though.
Keep an eye on it though, don't let it go too far.
Everyone is being very negative but I actually like that style. Sure it's not universal, but it's a bit of a punk/no fucks given look that's really cool.
Do you have a solution for FM radio? Most phones need wired headphones to tune FM.
Looks like a mutated spelling of here or 'ere. Everything else is an something, hereland is different.
If you weren't into guys that'd be exactly how one feels as ace/asexual. "Nope, this does nothing".
I played from just before the Halloween update up until around then. It's a totally different game.
He put Wheeler on, who actually surprised us with a push for good.
Everyone knew what you meant, they are being pedantic, but there yeah. .50¢ implies 0.5 or ½ of a cent.
Even then, it's rude to tell people what to eat or not eat. The owner of the horse, on the other hand, can tell people to _stop eating_ their horse.

Edit: italicized joke.
Linked post was deleted.
I would subscribe to Linus Thorvald's YouTube channel. His talks are all a great watch.
Medication isn't the only thing, and yeah meds don't always work, but counseling and various forms of therapy go miles. Reaching out is so much better than not reaching out.
Ads no, but porn can. I have no interest in doing anything sexual with people I don't know. I'm also not shy about other things. 

I was raised more religiously, I still generally respect the church but I'm agnostic and haven't went to church in ages. I don't believe sex has to wait until marriage, in fact I think that's a terrible idea, but for me sex is still connected to an idea of commitment and familiarity/closeness. Something that I don't think a one night stand can be. But something that has felt like it developed under a week before, with someone I knew before but hadn't seen in years. Someone with an amazing mind who I've since kept in touch with online as friends.
I sometimes feel a sense of "that person seems really cool, I want to be their friend" that romantic feelings often grow from once I get to know them, but I have no desire to sleep with someone I don't know. One night stands make no sense to me, but on occasion a week has been enough for me to open up.
That's where all the psychology/sociology professors and students are, makes it very easy to study their peers.
You can edit top-level comments.
Another good technical exploration, in video form: https://youtu.be/eOCQfxRQ2pY
Seems rather much for me, but I'm demi and have hardly been in relationships.
Some attempt to avoid controversy? Seems misguided.
I sometimes wonder if I'm really demi or just shy about my sexuality.
(Sorry, M from US) is reddit popular in India?
Sylvanian vámpírs out to get your blood.
When talking about expectations of male behavior, one's socialization matters. Socialization informs one of the norms and rules. "Society says blank is expected of males, if I am male as say I must act this way or I won't be accepted as male."
Any advice for the opposite, people whom it takes too long/struggle to reach climax with a partner?
Shielding?
See also, communist Romania in the 80s.
You have a way with words.
First one came out in 2007.
Both were a thing the previous decade, though mostly separate.  the first iPhone came out in 2007, but it's all become so much more ubiquitous.
No, they act like it though.
It does look much more modern than glossy late XP and Vista era themes, it's remarkably similar to windows 8's flat look.
The "Whistler" betas from earlier in xp's development looked really [professional.](https://guidebookgallery.org/pics/gui/desktop/full/whistler2257-1-1.png)
It is hard. 

I've had former crushes become friends, but usually it's either been after time spent apart, or because they started seeing someone else that they were clearly very happy with.

If they're single and you're still in touch it can seem like there's still a chance for something more. If you keep telling yourself there's a chance, then your romantic feelings will never fade.

You have to remind yourself that they are not available in that way. It can be painful and take time to deal with, but until you do that you can't move on.
https://i.imgur.com/6IFqQr9.jpg

Use the force, Harry. -Gandalf
China has acted like it doesn't exist for a while, but I think they're slowly coming around to acknowledging it.
I was there once, when I was like 8. The motion of the sun/moon in the southern hemisphere should be different, but I don't recall checking. The animatronics wild kangaroos were impressive, though.
Google is trying to get free of the GPL, so is looking for ways to replace the Linux kernel on their products. Android apps can already run on Chromebooks and even under windows in chrome, if they build a new OS they would already have their app ecosystem ready to go.
Yep, camera is at a shallower angle from Jeb's head than his toes, small bumps are more relevant.
It's important for you, and it's really something that's between your doctor and you. 

Your parents do care about you, as best they know how. Anxiety/Antidepressant medications can be rough, so keep an eye on it, and if it's causing trouble you can reduce dosage/stop.

Good luck! Anxiety sucks. I recommend not doing medication on it's own, seeing a therapist helps. If your school has a counseling center they can be really helpful, and you wouldn't have to go through your parents.
Have some memes. 

https://i.imgur.com/tUAbHMw.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/ri1P874.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/Cii91o7.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/ZxJy7aJ.jpg
I was called in for jury duty at the end of last semester during finals week, I had to clear off my car and drive all the way over only to find out they didn't need a jurors that day. Apparently I could have called the afternoon prior, but it's a shame I was kinda looking forward to it. Part of the civil duty of being an adult American citizen.
Government, or opposing political groups. Whether a political protest or a festival/event sponsored by someone they don't like, pay off one asshole and one person with a camera. It doesn't have to end in deaths to tarnish the reputation of an entire group. 

Although the larger the group the more chance there's one asshole in any group.
I'd play the hell out of Villages: Vineyards
Many people are very liberal with hugs, but you've only seen each other a handful of times, so it may be a while before you're both comfortable with anything beyond.

If you'd feel comfortable doing something you're unsure about, ask them if it'd be alright, encourage them to do the same. If nothing happens, that's fine too.

It sounds like she does like you, since she keeps agreeing to see you again. I wouldn't worry too much.
I'd be patient, I know it can be really hard for me to distinguish romantic and platonic feelings. Doing nothing that friends wouldn't do is how I've had a few dates go, and it can be confusing to the person I'm with (especially when they're not demi).

Are the things you've done and talked about things you've done with other friends the day you met them? Or are you taking time to open up to each other before doing anything more? It can take time to be comfortable with kissing/cuddling, even hand holding, if that's where this is heading.
Not really, freezers aren't powered by cold ray's, just inefficient heat pumps and lots of insulation. They cool slowly and mostly rely on heat not getting in. If you have a heat source inside that makes everything run much more.
Great for astrophotography, terrible for everything else.
Weird just how grey it is. I can tell from the slightly colored image grain that it's not a greyscale image, as far as the camera could tell it was this color, but it's uncanny.
Didn't that one involve Ceaușescu trying to flee by helicopter?
You don't have to be here. Labels aren't collected like trophies, they exist to explain experiences and to help find others like similar to yourself for advice. Should we outlaw words like introvert/extrovert? It's pretty ridiculous to put people into boxes so let's have no words at all.
Would you feel comfortable if your children ordered a blowjob burger? No matter how consensual, it's an explicit act and bit iffy as a food menu item for a place that serves all ages.
It's still rather explicit for a all-ages food menu item.
Does seven years of inflation have an effect?
Misery doesn't have to be their intent for them to be toxic, just the result. I would know, I was toxic and burned a few bridges that I'm still wishing I could repair.
I've checked systems update under settings three times, my X compact has no updates available.
It's a risk.
I feel like it's a screenshot of a video, camera mid-pan.
A nonverbal language is still... 

You might be demilingual, only interested in communicative acts with people you have strong emotional bonds with.
Do you have a link to a specific product? Sounds useful
So less of [this](https://www.instagram.com/p/BIgHa4CDJ_o/) and more of [this](https://www.instagram.com/p/5a0hU_iMRx/)?
On an X Compact ? I have the international version and see no updates.
I'm actually alright with not having 8.0 for now, but I'm just bitter about the death of the blob emoji.
So the Kernel becomes more akin to a standardized bios/firmware architecture that PCs have? but unlike PCs the kernel is part of that standard platform and not part what most people would thing of as the OS (Android).

Since every phone has completely different boot process, this is the closest we'll have to a standard "PC"/ or "PC compatible" platform on mobile.

I wonder if eventually they want to swap Linux for their Andromeda OS's kernel, they already have Android apps running in chrome/on chrome OS. I don't see that happening anytime soon, but I do see them trying to free their app ecosystem from dependance on any particular kind of device/platform.
Are you also running the December security patch of Nougat on your X Compact? 

I turned my Z3c on a few months ago, and was surprised at how many updates were available, that phone shipped with 4.4.4 but made it all the way to 6.0.1 Marshmallow. I was pleasantly surprised after having used a mid-range Samsung device through my carrier, which got a single OTA update.
No matter what your original impressions were, feeling like you want to be someone's friend is completely normal, and it's awesome you're looking into it.

If, on the other hand, you're both interested, a relationship could be possible. Demisexuality isn't the same thing as asexuality or sex aversion, but it'll probably take more time and commitment, which may or may not be your thing. 

Everyone's experiences are different, and you can ask her how she feels about things, but the core of demisexuality is that you don't feel sexual feelings without having a deep emotional connection.

That might not be your thing, and being friends can be rewarding too.
One of the core modules needed for an independent station was actually Russian made, meant for Mir-2 but purchased by NASA after the Soviet Union fell to help fund the Russian space program and keep it alive.

This means that if the Russians want to keep using their half as an in orbit station, they'll have to either launch a new core or buy back the module from NASA.

I'd really want the ISS to keep going as a symbol of international cooperation, but it has already been up a fair amount longer than Mir was, and I know all things come to an end, but I hope it is superseded by something greater rather than a footnote of history.
> [...] three 1st level subdivisions: 
> 
> - Denmark proper, 
> - Greenland and the Faroe islands, 
> - each of them with a high degree of autonomy.

I had to reread that, but its totally correct grammar if you don't subscribe to the Oxford comma.
I love tracing word origins, interestingly Hungarian also picked up the word "saft" from german, but only for the context of meat-juices or gravy. I wonder what that says about German cooking.

https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/zaft
I have a feeling that the dots elsewhere aren't to avoid dividing a nation but are due to a lack of more detailed data.

I don't want to fall for [Hungarian irredentism](https://i.imgur.com/5TGxifl.jpg), but acknowledging that people living in these areas largely speak Hungarian isn't a huge ask.
Huh, I didn't know „krumpli“ came from german. https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/krumpli

I'm upset pityóka isn't listed under synonyms.
"you're language is constructed and has a very short history, gtfo" /s.

Actually, Romanian is an interesting blend, I really like listening to it and trying to piece together what's being said from what I remember of my school French, and what I've picked up over the years visiting family in Transylvania. 

"Avetzu bere reche?".
Only because those comments have had more time for eyeballs to see them.
Rule of thumb for weirdness I've heard is 'half your age plus seven' as a lower bound, and the inverse of that is 'your age minus seven, doubled' as the implied upper bound.
He means days off medication, for some people that helps limit their side effects.
Stop taking it and talk to your doctor
The medicine *is* pretty strong stuff, but it can make the world of difference. It's very possible to take it responsibly and see results.

Note that meds like Adderall don't "cure" you, but they do make a world of difference to how you concentrate and focus. I'd try to talk to a doctor about it, if you haven't.

Your parents are worried about you because they care, but their fears may be misplaced. 

You could try comparing what they're doing to withholding antihistamines from someone suffering seasonal allergies, I'm sure they'd see that would be wrong.

Also, if you have a bad experience being medicated, if appetite is an issue or anything, you can always stop.
[\[Citation Needed\]](https://youtu.be/DQztJBFYIcE)
RISC is gonna change everything, man.
Translation is all about trying to convey the information conveyed in the original but also matching ambiguities, and different languages deal with gender very differently. 

It can sometimes be challenging, even impossible, to covey the same information in two languages. You might be forced to be more or less specific, or slightly less ambiguous about something.
Cold water also applies to rinsing flour off dishes, warm water practically turns the flour into a layer of glue that requires soap/scrubbing. Cold water and it's practically clean with a rinse.
I will never complain about a men's room again.
If you don't mind me asking, do you find pleasure from the act itself or the response it elicits? Or both?
All public bathrooms are nasty, theres always some asshole that leaves a mess, but the men's room is largely only for relieving bladder. Short of someone shitting on the floor, the worst we really have to deal with is piss. I don't know if that holds.
Its crazy how much hormones do. I'm a really skinny guy who doesn't regularly exercise, but I have no difficulty moving furniture or a heavy traveling chest.

I had a transman as my roommate some time ago, he was male-passing but hadn't been doing HRT for long. I often had a double take thinking he was faking when he had trouble with something that came easy to out-of-shape me, but it must have felt terrible for him.
While having a penis can have inconveniences, I really can't argue with you on that one. 

As far as periods go, some female friends of mine have had good experiences using an IUD, but I know those don't work for everyone.
Also, don't talk about us as you would talk about pet from a shelter. 

Yeah, it's a joke, but it's quite a juxtaposition you have between really good advice on how to be a good friend and treating introverts like lost children or abandoned animals.

It's can be fucking dehumanizing.
(22,m, straight demisexual) 

I've definitely had crushes, but since I'm not as interested in sex it's sometimes hard for me to tell if I just want to be friends with someone or am seeking a relationship. Combine with inexperience and I've been in some awkward situations.
I don't like the idea of illegal surveillance becoming trivialized to an omniscient understanding friend.

I would have sworn though that Max/Chloe were just friends after my first playthrough.

Warren is awkward, maybe even slow on the uptake; we've all been Warren at some point in our lives. 

Eliot though... His name is short a letter and so was his writing.
Theres some creepy ass Kate & Jeffershit smut out there.
"They were just friends I swear!" Yeah that was my read the first time I played it through, how wrong I was.
With her consent, yes that is what Max wants to do.
Pidgin can still be used with hangouts, even fetch images if you use the purplehangouts plugin.
I don't, it's just a short series of characters I claimed. 96 refers to 1996
It isn't, but I get accidentally @tweeted every now and then by people sharing slow motion footage.
Because with this system you can print more money than gold you have in a vault. That doesn't mean inflation, the size of your economy and influence can grow.

The US was one of the last to be on gold standard and the French were buying lots of US dollars to exchange for gold, sizably reducing the gold reserves until that was shut down.
Usually the militarization of police forces is a bad thing, but appropriate force and deescalation are so friggin important.
Their floor is also remarkably clean and scuff mark free, and whatever they do to stabilize the camera gives a real "gliding-through-the-matrix" feel.
Mine too, "guys" is neutral (though feels imprecise if the group is exclusively women), "guy" usually isn't.
People get prescribed amphetamines for ADHD. Doesn't make them safe.
Serious. Same as YouTube.
Does my insurance cover nuclear war?
Guys and gals? Feels not my dialect. There really isn't a perfect equivalent to "guys".
Sexual education sucks; not knowing is one thing, insisting that misinformation is accurate is another.
I don't understand what you're talking about and how it has any relation to the conversation.
Owowowowow
Both where you go to get medicated, or rather for the medication.
As if physical attractiveness implies you can't still struggle with social situations. 
In case you didn't know, 2048 was itself in a way a clone, based on the ideas of Threes but simplified. One of the two became more popular.
Navigation is part of situational awareness, scrolling through music or replying in messenger isn't.
If you need to reply, let a passenger handle it or else it can wait.
Pilots might be disproportionately good drivers.
Fishy? yes. proof on it's own? no. Cause for further inquiry, certainly.
"Half your age plus seven" as a lower bound is something that's thrown around as a rule of thumb. The older you get, the the larger the age difference can be without risking a huge power imbalance in the relationship.
Remember that batteries are consumables, after a few years and hundreds of charge cycles, even the best batteries will only hold a fraction of their original charge.

While newer OSs and applications often demand more from your computer, the larger factor in reduced battery life is usually the battery itself.
Adding "a" or "the" before "kidnap and murder victim" would clarify the grammar, but sounds weird as a headline.
I mean, what would a teaspoon of cold virus taste like? Or even have the consistency of?
I would never use it together high, but when I stopped taking Adderall regularly, I'd still sometimes take is as needed (with doctor's approval) if I had a big project or deadline. To me this really feels like self medication and scary
Less abusable might be good for me, unfortunately the coupon my doc gave me doesn't apply to state insurance, so I'm now waiting for the three small prescriptions of different doses not to go through.
That's sucks.

Unfortunately I delayed trying to fill it. Turns out the coupon my doc gave me doesn't apply to state insurance. I'm now waiting to see if my insurance will cover the weird set of 3 different doses within the same month.

I don't have high hopes; every time my Adderall dosage changed my insurance denied it at the pharmacy until my doctor would call the insurance to pre-approve it.
Unfortunately I delayed trying to fill it. Turns out the coupon my doc gave me doesn't apply to state insurance. I'm now waiting to see if my insurance will cover the weird set of 3 different doses within the same month.

Ever time my Adderall dosage changed my doctor had to call the insurance to pre-approve it, so I don't have high hopes.
Some people go for gender swapped variants of their existing name to make it easier for themselves and others, Tim may become Kim. Others find a new name from scratch. Others still may know what their names would have been if they were assigned the opposite gender at birth, and go with that.

It's a personal choice.
For many, a new name is a new start. At the very least it separates the new you from the you who was dysphoric.
I don't disagree, but having human mods is still a huge step ahead.
Phrasing might be awkward, but I certainly understand the feeling of being interested in women who are interested in women. It would kinda explain some of my past relationships and crushes, but I... Don't know. I'm just cis, right?
Fuck, this describes me. I may need to reconsider some things. For ages I told myself, if I like girls, surely being male makes sense. Ask mentioned by someone else, there's the feeling where you don't know if you want to be with a certain kind of attractive girl, or be the attractive girl. It's 5am and I'm sleep deprived, but this is an alternate explaination to just thinking I'm cis and demisexual. Fffuck.
No, but they do have TVs in the ceiling looping Disney movies.
I was recently still going to a pediatric dentist office at 21, I was overdue for a cleaning, but last time I went there they told me it was time to move on.
Day after tomorrow was a fun one, on a transatlantic flight to NY. 
Reddit is a bit more topic based and easier to moderate, but yeah.
You could still have a multiplatform closed source app. We have apple music on Android now, don't we?
Still different to the US, but also very far from North Korea or the cold war era Eastern block.
It's a difficult issue, there's so much misinformation spreading. You can't moderate that with just an algorithm.
It used to be more of an IM aggregator, for when people were on AIM, MSN, Yahoo, etc. Pretty much all these chat services died out because of the likes of iMessage and Facebook Messenger, and how IM culture didn't really translate to how we use smartphones.
Buying up the competition is a very effective strategy to keep having a userbase.
Reddit also has mods you can report especially bad comments to. Rules about being civil can be enforced, and maybe sometimes that pushes people away. It's also grouped around topics, not just people you know in real life.

No system is perfect, but I don't think algorithms alone can solve these issues.
It sounds like he was the one that brought it up. Sure, opening up a relationship in order to try to save it can be disastrous, but with the right people who trust each other and are skilled at communicating their limits, it can work. 

For me, sex feels like a very intimate and exclusive thing, but that isn't universal. For some, it's little more than an enjoyable activity. If the relationship is based on more than sex, knowing that the person they care about deeply is having a good time can be rewarding. 

With the wrong setup/poor communication, jealousy/disaster is inevitable. But for some it works.
Do they have to? Holding the door for the person behind you, even if they're a couple paces behind, seems like the right thing to do.
In first grade my whole class was taught to "hold the door for the person behind you", but I've definitely noticed men are slightly more likely to hold the door. I don't know what causes it, but it's definitely a measurable thing.
It's really weird how different our expectations of height are for different genders.

As a slightly tall man, I got really used to being taller than most men and almost all women. It now slightly unnerves me for a split moment when a woman is taller than me, just because it's become rare.
Hey, this can be a really big topic, and I see your logic, I've even wondered about similar things in the past, but I think some of your base assumptions are off.

I wrote on a couple things below, I hope this doesn't come off as condescending or anything. It's good to be curious and this is a complicated topic.

There's a lot of related topics that can be their own "can of worms", but these words describe real things that real people experience. At the end of the day we're all just humans finding patterns and looking for words to describe our experiences. Here goes.

`===`

To look at it from a biological point of view, for a population to survive, yes some people have to be having reproductive sex and making babies, but this does not apply to all members of the population. Everyone has parents, but not everyone has kids.

Of course some individuals are just unlucky, but many are born gay, or asexual, or otherwise not interested in having children. You can still have a profound effect on future generations, even the gene pool, without having kids yourself. 

There's actually a really cool concept called the altruism gene, which I really wish more people knew about, [here's a neat video on it.](https://youtu.be/btKY-YGxbUA)

Evolution/natural selection is more complicated than it's traditionally explained.

Not all relationships need to result in children to be meaningful, even if you look at it from the most clinical biological view.

`===`

Transgender experiences can be hard to understand, but are often described as "this person was always a woman, but was born in a male body" or similar. The hardware you're born with doesn't always match up with what you feel you are, or who you are attracted to or in what way.

Sexuality can be incredibly complicated, but higher up the thread a gay trans-man described being born in a female body. They were attracted to men, but only gay men. Before he transitioned, still in his female body, he tried being penetrated in "penis in vagina" sex, but it wasn't for them, the same way a straight man can have their prostate stimulated, feel physical pleasure, but really not be into it.

`===`

It's not always easy to understand, but please don't tell people their experiences are invalid. It takes work, but if you ask a question about their experience, they might be more willing to answer than if you tell them their identity makes no sense.
That's enlightening, you were born with the wrong hardware for who you are; I suppose is a definitions for being trans, but thanks for going into detail. It really made it make more sense.
Gender identity and sexual attraction are separate, but definitely connected, especially by the language we use. I'm an outsider but here's my understanding.

It's less clear asking about the sexuality of the partners of trans people. As you said, sexual attraction does ultimately come down to physical shape, but HRT can do a number on body shape. Their partner may be bi or pansexual, or maybe they don't know exactly, or don't care about the hardware.

On the other hand, people who are trans usually describe themselves as having always been their gender, just having been trapped in the wrong body for X years. If you see yourself as a woman, and are yourself attracted to women, that sounds like it fits the description of being a lesbian.
It's really awesome to be curious, trying to understand experiences which aren't your own. Sometimes it's awkward, but often it's appreciated.
I mean, at least that encourages seeking help.
I believe it was bus drivers in the UK.
Can women usually wear suits to such events?
Definitely, hearing something that isn't there? I've had visual disturbances before, but they're pretty easy to spot as not being real. This nonexistant noise was just relentless though.
A rather remote village around the Carpathians was probably the best view I've had. It wasn't zero, but there was still so many stars vs being in a city.
What really fucked me up for a while is I kept hearing the sound of my laptop fan whirring even when it wasn't. It freaked me out because it was like tinitus but sounded more like white noise. It was finals week, and I was melting my old laptop, but when I was trying to fall asleep and kept hearing the noise despite shutting everything down. Fortunately I'm not sleep deprived anymore and I haven't had it since.
My granddad is 92 and he was a math teacher for 30 years. He lives for class reunions; he often goes to class reunions where all of his former students have themselves retired.
Glad memory.
Gotta wait for that gut bacteria micro biome to adjust.
Sex might be your thing, but it also might not. You don't have to do anything you don't want to, you don't have to fake being interested if you're not. If you do it, be safe, if you don't, don't worry about it.
Anxiety, depression, not eating.
Communication and knowing personal limits is really key. Sometimes you'll have bad experiences, but you learn what's you are comfortable with. I'm glad it worked out for the two of you.
He's not your bro, dude, and it's probably more complicated than that.
It sounds like he was the one that brought it up. Sure, opening up a relationship in order to try to save it can be disastrous, but with the right people who trust each other and are skilled at communicating their limits, it can work. 

For me, sex feels like a very intimate and exclusive thing, but that isn't universal. For some, it's little more than an enjoyable activity. If the relationship is based on more than sex, knowing that the person they care about deeply is having a good time can be rewarding. 

With the wrong setup/poor communication, jealousy/disaster is inevitable. But for some it works.
You can be curious about things that turn out not to be your thing. Maybe they're bi, maybe not, but what they identify as is their choice alone.
Someone you care about is having a good time. Sometimes you trust them enough that jealousy isn't an issue, but it's not for everyone. 

I know I'm not ready for that with anyone, but I'm beginning to understand that how it can  work for people.
I know it's a shot in the dark, but please don't. Life might be shitty now but if you stay alive there's always a chance for things to get better. Why not rewatch Cloud Atlas instead? Or visit your sister?
Heck, I'm living on campus at my University, all I have to do is walk over to the cafeteria, but I still miss meals and have days where I eat nothing. Just like missing classes it's something I justify in the moment, but really have to keep an eye out for. I want to get better, but sometimes it just si easy to isolate myself and stay in my room.
Why don't they have long narrow shirts? My waist is either not covered or the shirt is way to wide and loose.
I've heard that freshman fifteen can go either way. It's a completely new stressful situation that different people handle in different ways.
I wouldn't say that most people are choosing to be fat, but it has become easier for many to unwittingly do so. Choosing to ignore their issues, maybe, but I'm on the other end of that, struggling with being underweight, not wanting to acknowledge that it *is* an issue.
You could still surprise a partner by lifting them up, if you're into that.
Sometimes? I feel like a tall pencil. Being little more than skin and bone isn't right.
She probably had good intentions, or maybe just saw it as a date, but it can really suck when you're in a social situations and can hardly finish half your plate, and it doesn't help to be a slow eater.
I only do so on days I actually eat food. Although I had to stop drinking coffee.
I feel like I'm getting worse on this front. I was always skinny but I would love winter, "you can always just put on another layer",I'd say, "you can't keep doing the reverse in summer, you run out of layers!". I still love snow, but the bone chilling cold sensations when indoors suck.
I've been told easy access to high calorie snacks is key. Unfortunately for me, it's so easy to miss meals, and I don't really eat anything in between.

Exercise should help with appetite, but in this freezing cold weather do I really want to leave the house? I'm already cold inside, how many layers will I need?
If you're like me, one meal a day? I really have to push myself sometimes, it's just so easy not to sometimes. Food can seem so tedious.
If it's from people you trust, sure, I've asked friends to call me out when I miss meals, but coming unsolicited from strangers, the comments aren't super productive.
Too far either way can easily become an issue, but there does seem to be a lot of sentiment that being underweight isn't a real issue, "just eat more", "I wish I had your problems" etc.
Ahhhh I sometimes go days without eating, I should talk to someone.
I get that feeling. If I don't interract with the world, I don't exist. It becomes really easy to isolate myself and since I live on campus that means it's harder to go to the cafeteria.

I'd rather just lie here, on the hard matress.
That was me until my shoulders became really broad. Mind you I'm still skinny as hell, so it looks like I left the coat hanger in my shirt or something.
Can we agree that neither is ideal? Struggling to gain weight can be just as difficult. Missing meals can be so easy and then you wonder why you're freezing in a 70° room.
Fuck that sucks. I'm skinny as hell, but I can't stand my digestive system working in reverse. I don't even drink anything carbonated because of burping. It has made me very sensitive and my appetite can very quickly put the brakes on even if I haven't eaten much. It's like I need to eat quickly because if I stop I can't start again for ages.
For "Me and Tim" vs "Tim and I", I was always taught to choose me/I based on what it would be if Tim wasn't in the picture. It's a really easy explaination.
Wait is outback not Australian?/s
Goodbye Lenin
Well I haven't, and I think it's really neat.
I don't know why you're being downvoted, being asexual doesn't mean you can't have romantic relationships.
Ha! I guess I'll be the first then. 

> "anyone here on the sub reading this".
So my doc is a shill :P. They gave me a coupon for the first prescription so I could get varying sizes pills, but after that it will be a question about insurance. My state insurance covered generic Adderall, but it had to be pre-approved each time the dosage changed.
How is it different?
NASA actually has a couple left on the moon, although their batteries are almost certainly useless at this point.
That's actually a big reason why Snapchat would grab a snapshot of the viewfinder feed rather than ask the camera for a photo. The old camera API can have quite a delay, which varies from phone to phone and was especially atrocious a few years ago.
That's what I decided on but ow my shoulder. I need to get a lighter laptop if I want to carry that around on one shoulder for any distance.
Listen to each other's concerns.
I thought I was decently early, being in the six year club.
What is demisexuality? That's not a thing. /s
That's one thing, but it's pretty annoying on shows like Ascension where the only gay character, where 90% of their character is that they're gay, gets shot in the face in the last episode with no build up or time to take notice.
People don't know about asexuality/demisexuality. I've had to deal with people asking if I'm gay because I am not sexually interested in them.
I didn't exist yet, but my parents were living in communist Romania, and that wasn't a fun decade for the country.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1980s_austerity_policy_in_Romania
Capers.
I always thought people were making the overly sexual jokes for attention, or that it would fade after middle school. I thought people were over acting anything sexual but surely it wasn't the norm. I was wrong, but it took me forever to learn about asexuality/demisexuality, not until college.
It's not a single feeling, and I don't think the feelings are all that different. It's more the order/time frame, for me. Many songs about falling in love or going through breakups are often ambiguous enough to relate to. There's a reason it's a popular topic in music.

Edit: songs like https://youtu.be/5mYBnowe4OY really express caring for/loving someone without referring to sex or their partners body. It's hard to tell if it's about an SO or a close friend.

Funnily enough it's a song inspired by the game, Life is Strange, where a relationship between the main characters is strongly implied, but I would have sworn, "they're just friends!".
He has done a number of talks you can find on YouTube. Many are really old, but they have a nice charm.
I think those are eyebrows.
I love the phrase "alone together", it sounds so mischievous.
Oh believe me it can get complicated even if you're attractive. No one is above making bad decisions.
That's always fun. Hella confusing.
This all works out fine, more or less.

However, after she leaves for school you should really spend some serious energy on your academics, especially once your semester starts. 

Also, do go to that concert with your friend who comes out as trans in a week, they really need you, but don't miss class when you get back. Bad habbits are easy to form/reinforce.
Being demisexual, this. Until I know more about a person their body kinda becomes irrelevant after a threshold. They might be a terrible person, or maybe they're great but we have nothing we could both have a conversation about. If I can't hold a conversation/conceive of being friends with them, I can't imagine doing anything else with them.
> Are you coming this weekend?

Yes and no.

> What?
It activating the fight/flight response explains a lot.
It can make it really easy to neglect your body. Remember to eat and drink and try not to chew the inside of your lip.
Don't overdo it, it becomes really easy to neglect your body. Remember to stay hydrated and do your best to eat. Keep an eye on your weight, it can be a concern. I'm underweight myself and have had to stop taking Adderall in the past because of the same concerns, I was at 140lbs at 6'02".
It is interesting though to note that these kinds of relationships often start the same way for us, by that I mean that you want to be a close friend before moving on to anything more. I think that means something, like wanting to have a solid foundation to build on.
Types of attraction can get really mangled, since most people usually feel multiple at once. Personally, it's really hard for me to imagine something sexual that isn't also romantic.
Communication would be really important in this situation, it could get pretty messy even with the best intentions.
I'm straight, but I feel very similarly. Demisexuality isn't as huge a deviation from the norm, lots of people don't realize that's what they are, or that the word exists. It doesn't help society/culture in general is incredibly sexualized. 

It always bothers me when people complain about gay parades/portrayals in media, when people say it's "all well and good" but complain about it being all in their face, not noticing how in your face heterosexuality already is. I'm sure asexual people just love that.

Edit: The words "exclusive and intimate" really stuck with me.
I sometimes wonder if it's because my parents divorced before I was 3, and are still unable to have a conversation together. Not exactly a relationship I want to copy.
Closest I've had is a ~[slightly more than] one week fling. We actually slept in the same bed after a party early on, but I wasn't comfortable with anything beyond cuddling until we'd met a couple more times and gotten to know each other. I want to think that's the norm, although it was fast for me, but I've seen so many examples of people going through the process much quicker, and have come to accept that I am the atypical one.
Maybe, but I don't think so. 

I used to think I was just not drawn to sex because I had never had it, but that's changed. I've since had sexual experiences with someone I was romantically attracted to and had gotten to know well.

They were very understanding and very helpful, and it was very nice, but still not something I would feel comfortable doing with someone before I get to know them.

I might be looking at this wrong, I've only recently arrived at the term demisexual as something I'm comfortable with.
It sounds like he doesn't have romantic feelings towards you, just platonic and sexual. Personally I don't think I can have sexual feelings without romantic ones, I used to think that was universal but it isn't. 

Worse than unrequited love is when someone else is attracted to you but not in the same way. About a year and a half ago I was briefly seeing a girl who was a lesbian but clearly attracted to me (a guy) and it was really confusing. I was wondering if they might be homosexual but biromantic, but it would later turned out they were aromantic, and poly.

Best I could figure out after the fact that is that she was sensually attracted to me, she really liked making out/kissing/cuddling, but nothing more. 

I didn't know this at the time because of poor communication, and was beginning to feel romantic feelings towards her when she stops seeing me but it's revealed she started making out with a bunch of friends we had in common.

Needless to say it didn't end well.in the slightlest, largely due to bad communication.

That was a pretty extreme example, even though it took place only a couple weeks, but I hope you two can talk through it.

I found this video pretty useful for how it describes types of attraction, it's part of a larger set of definitions/descriptions, but the relevant part is from about 0m50 to about 5 minutes in.

https://youtu.be/8o-l20NAsI8
I wouldn't use those words, but it's not entirely inaccurate. Of course people who have had more practice are going to better at it, and I'd never shame someone for that. I don't ever want to get in the way of other people's consensual fun, but I'm personally not ready for it until I get to know the person more. I'm not sex averse, just initially hesitant.

The girl I lost my virginity to had multiple partners before me, and it was awesome because she was able to communicate how I could do better, and I was able improve.
And a lot of people don't know what the word is even if you ask them.

I've had luck (sample size of 1 relationship, mind you) just saying I need time/want to get to know them first. We actually ended up sharing a guest bed after a party the day after we met, but I let her know I wasn't really comfortable doing anything more than cuddling "for now", and she was very understanding.

It really depends on the person and what they're looking for. I wish you luck.
Platonic relationships can be surprisingly close/strong, and I think they're an important foundation for romantic/sexual relationships for me, but they don't all lead that way.

Sometimes you help out a friend in need because you know they need it and hope they'll be there for you.

That being said, I know what you mean.
Not exactly, but my parents divorced ages ago and don't live in the area anymore, so I may have abandonment issues if you look for them, but I don't believe that's a prerequisite, many people have lost parents and aren't demo/asexual, and lots of people are ace despite a good relationship with both parents.

I felt the same way before my parents moved across oceans, though that experience didn't help my depression.
Welcome! It's can be a wonderful thing to find a term that describes you and shows you you're not alone.

As far as dating awkwardness, it can be part of it. I know I worry that I won't be able to immediately provide what I fear society expects of me. With the right person though, there's plenty of romantic and even physical nothing's to do while you get to know each other. Most people don't know what demisexuality is, but can understand needing to go slow/take time.
I've definitely been there, with people asking me if I'm gay. For me sexual attraction is tied to romantic attraction, but I need to get to know them first. A potential partner's mind matters as much as, almost more, than their body.

I would have assumed this is how most people work, but time and again I'm proven wrong. I can't tell if I'm picking up on exceptions to the norm or if society really is so much more sexualized than me, but it really doesn't help the feeling that there's something not "normal" with me.

I used to think it was just worry/anxiety, I was only being hesitant because it was something I had no experience with; I've had some (nice) experiences since but I haven't changed.

I don't know what I'm talking about.
Basically a wheel, but more accurately a clockwise helix. Summer at the top, fall on the right, winter at the bottom; future is new layers covering the past.

Kinda like this but more 3D. https://www.instagram.com/p/BYw5bhkgn77/
The positioning of the sock is somewhat phallic. It's right next to the words "FtM meetup", that is men who were born/labeled as women. I believe you can work it out from there.
Yay more power usage! Do you know how much power a single credit card transaction uses vs Bitcoin? Crypto currencies use a fuckton of power.
I've seen that particular mask a bunch, what's it a reference to?
Registering a domain really isn't that hard.
Finding your most played song has become a yearly surprise, with "2018wrapped" etc
Doing their best at interspecies diplomacy, you'll have to forgive them seeing as they are a dog.
I believe that was a steam engine, although first I typo'd that as dream engine and that's also accurate.
Cats think we're just weird cats, but dogs can tell we aren't also dogs.
Rolling shutter is involved, it is what gives a sampling of different states of the system. Without rolling shutter, the entire screen might look purple, or might look normal.
Stink bugs, personally.
99.6% of my life thusfar has been like that, and the latest 0.4% hasn't felt drastically different. Our society puts weird value on whether or not someone has had sex.
Yeah, i actually ordered the wrong optical bay adapter, twice. It's probably not worth it for most, but I had an extra SSD lying around from another computer, and it's fun to say my ten year old laptop has an SSD.
I love these machines. I took the optical bay out of mine and replaced it with an SSD as my primary drive.
C'mon, the machine is from '08 not the 80's. 

*Drops piece of paper with "08" written on it* 

hmmm..., "80"..  
Good bot
Fuck a stranger in the Alps*
As a demisexual bilingual person, what were we talking about?
It actually gives white people a lot of credit, aknowledging not all white people are literally Hitler. 
Ramona
And have a physical set or two?
Is Pepsi okay?
So, like the pulsing turn signals? https://xkcd.com/165/
We gotta stop abandoning him on so many planets...
They also have a very low terminal velocity, so heights aren't a huge danger to them.
I agree calling it e-ink is wrong, but it's still an amazing display. Like a ti-83, you can use it in direct sunlight.
Yes, it can help people stay on track.
Whatever term marketing used, it's a high contrast and low power display.
Can you clarify what you mean by tweaky?
What in the fuck? Why 7am-10am? Is that when it is convenient for the doctor, to get it out of the way early? That's really messed up.
I remember hearing people describe the smell after the towers fell as "burnt oven gloves". They were breathing asbestos.
Depending on the colorspace and blend mode it might be less accurate to do in post. Additive blending would be better than averaging the values. If one pixel gets blown out to 100% white, naïve averaging it with the color values from the other exposurewill result in a weird 50% grey region.
Stinkbugs? That's what it sometimes smells like to me.
Sweet potatoes.
What if everyone gets to ban a couple artists/genres? Then the remaining subset is music everyone is okay with.
If you look closely at the title of say it's Wikipedia page, you'll see that they use the musical Unicode symbol in formal contexts.
> "Procrastination is nothing but temporarily forgetting what's important to you." -Merlin Mann

I heard that in a podcast and it feels very true, but figuring out what is important to you is still really hard.
Yeah, I was up till 7am the other day. Not ideal.
I misread your comment and read a little too much "nice guy" into it. Maybe I need less internet.
From the start the show was terrible with it's [adorkable misogyny](https://youtu.be/X3-hOigoxHs)
He was very kind and a very decent person, but that doesn't mean she has to be interested in him. She can choose not to continue seeking him for any reason.
And it's a small thing, but a character was revealed to happen to be queer and it wasn't her defining trait. It wasn't even revealed in episode one. It doesn't sound like a big deal but so many shows handle it poorly; since reading about tropes like "bury your gays", parts of shows like 'Ascension' have been somewhat painful to watch.
It can treat symptoms of it, like never wanting to get up/go anywhere, but alone it isn't the answer. You might be doing things but you may also feel empty inside, like it's all an act. I hope OP has luck with their doctor.
C'mon, let 'im in, he's a leet.
How is it not your all time favorite? It's easily mine.
But even he doesn't dare visit 1995.
Whenever I'm in a bathroom and I see another man walk out after using a toilet without washing their hands, I'm disgusted.
I just want to know how that became the topic of discussion.
Depends on the city. Even in a nice one in NYC the only real other room.mjght be the bathroom.
What specifically do you work on, if you don't mind me asking?
The special zero page of memory kinda helps. It was an amazing time when memory was as fast as the CPU, there wasn't a need for cpu cache.
I'm pretty sure dah-tuh /day-tuh are regional things, but I've never heard da-ta
"Would it help if I get out and push?"
US planes bombed my grandparents house. To be fair they live right next to the train station and rail yard.
Brian Blessed...
People may have taken your comment as a sarcastic jab, because tone is hard in written word.
🤳
Someone flip her around so she's taking a selfie with the blast
As he said, suspicious companies /s
That's only double the time since human civilization, if we don't completely destroy the planet I'm sure humans will still be around in some numbers. Although maybe only living on the Carpathian chain of islands after sea level rise. Hard to say.
The 80s weren't a great time in Romania...
As in original game?
The question boils down to "is it a human person yet?", and people disagree as to when that occurs.
It was kinda nice for discovering new music, but that's not what I usually use Spotify for.
Duplo are by Lego, just double in every dimension and for smaller children. They can even be connected together.
I take it 4chan has tried to convince people to eat insulation foam/aspestos.
Fascinating.
You don't think the movie brought up some interesting philosophical questions[?](https://xkcd.com/566/)
It's a shame they only made one matrix movie, it seemed like an interesting universe to explore.
Don't forget a hat/mittens.
[8O88](https://youtu.be/yHXx3orN35Y)
She's slightly off, but it's really hard on paper, especially drawing behind another character. Still an amazing drawing, and as the other commenter said, max looks amazing.
A girl.
They were yelling insults, about how she should have retired, how tax dollars were being misspent. It was very toxic a couple hours ago.
I don't believe you
At least managing a class and worrying about parents is similar to managing teachers and worrying about unions, or at least more similar that software developer vs manager.
"There's no one around and your phone is dead, out of the corner of your eye you spot him: 

[Shia LaBeouf...](https://youtu.be/o0u4M6vppCI)"
Technically I read creamily
For a time it was looking to be the Android equivalent of iMessage, but that didn't last.
That actually existed for a while didn't it? Oh shit I just remembered Google Desktop! Woah...
Lowest common denominator, it's really more accurate than you think.
Intelligence is correlated with a greater risk of mental health issues. I'm not sure a university is the best comparison.
There's a reason there aren't many twenty-some year-old astronauts. One needs soo many qualifications. 
Willing ≠ best of the best.
These winter months sure get cold, and it isn't any less efficient than any electric space heater, all the waste is in the form of heat!
I shower almost every day, thank you very much, and my p2hr is fine. :P
It could be a joke, it is rather ridiculous but just possible enough to be taken seriously.
Unless it has an elastic waist, Max's hoodie would be doing anything but zhat. 

source: it's surprising how different how clothes acts when you hang upside like a vampire
You or someone you know might be trans, call now!
Yeah that probably changes things. Thanks for replying to my questions.
Does it ever make sense to leave the weapon locked away in the car? I'm just thinking in a lot of other countries normal police don't carry firearms at all. I know that doesn't work for all cases, but would it make sense on occasion?
> [...] my life is potentially in danger because they can take my weapon [...]

Layman here, does that mean your own gun put you in danger, that without it you wouldn't have to worry for your life and would actually be able to defuse the situation? That sounds like an argument for less officers to carry lethal weapons.
"it was just a prank, bro!"
The man had his hands up before this moment and was cooperating. The officers created this situation.
Slight nitpicking, the sun would only be that big with a heavily zoomed lens, but from the parallax/depth we can tell this is through a much to wide FOV, almost a wide angle lens. Then again having an unreasonably large sun is about half of what this sub's aesthetic is about.
Version with sound: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBUUx0jUKxc

That is an insane amount of shouting and verbal abuse. WTF happened to only using appropriate force, and what about any attempts at de-escalation?

How the fuck were the officers not held accountable in any way?
With audio: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBUUx0jUKxc
Progress isn't inevitable or always forward. The last year should be a clear indication of that.
No, murder is wrong. Torture and emotional warfare on the other hand...
Even net neutrality was said to "stifle innovation". Please, what is it opposite-year?
Cutting your own hair is a decent option, yeah it takes practice but how terribly do you think you can mess it up? It grows back, and all you really need are scissors, but electric what's-its does open up more styles.
Probably yelling at kids for playing tag.
What in the fuck. How does someone even get it in their heads to hunt someone down to murder them? I'm glad your cousin survived, but that is fucked up.
I meant to say /r/birdswitharms
I meant to say /r/birdswitharms
Yeah, I messed up. Where do I hand in my badge and my weapon?
The robot is holding a 2d animated bottle.
That's the worst. Yeah, they want you to show up, but don't they know your condition? Don't give me reasons to avoid rescheduling, PLEASE.
I get this if I was recently on a ship or swimming in ocean waves.
We are all machines, just of a biological nature. All these [visual disturbances](https://youtu.be/WKQT1MXfasM) are a neat reminder of that fact.
Aren't eyes/human vision weird? It's stuff like this that reminds me we're biological machines. It's kind of amazing in a weird way.
Like what ADS-B is for commercial aviation but for ships?
We might not like the orange, but not everything is about the orange.
Depends on the satellite, and what kind of orbit it's in. Unless they're geostationary their angle to any point on the surface is constantly changing.
The images do appear to be heavily sharpened/processed, so I wouldn't discount the possibility. From aircraft I'd expect a cleaner image, but I'm no reconnaissance expert.
BPD has such a confusing name.
It's easier to fail on your own terms than to genuinely try and risk the possibility of failing nonetheless. You tell yourself you didn't even try, it makes it easier to live with. If you're me you feel like shit and avoid your classes. Don't do that, these are terrible habbits to form.
Fear of failure is a heavy thing, but no one will remember your fuck ups as much as you do. And also, failures are a great learning experience.

I still struggle with this, but I finally got my drivers license this year. I had been so worried about driving, but you can push through until that thing that used to be scary is normal.
Yeah, it's pretty perfect that I messed it up aswell.
Shit. That was supposed to say "bad".
> paid **off** entirely **by** now.

I'm not saying you're back at English, autocorrect is a bitch sometimes.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Accidental_American#Birth_abroad_and_role_of_registration

"[...] Under 8 U.S.C. § 1409(c), only one year of continuous physical presence in the United States is required for an unmarried mother to pass down citizenship to children born abroad.[7] The Second Circuit and Ninth Circuithave split on the question of whether 1409(c)'s gender restriction violates the Equal Protection Clause; the Second Circuit, in holding that it does in 2015, ruled that the son of an unmarried U.S. citizen father who failed to meet stricter physical presence requirements of 1401 is also a U.S. citizen at birth.[8]

Under a strict reading of U.S. nationality law, consular registration is not required in order for a child born outside of the U.S. to a qualifying parent to "become" a U.S. citizen; the child is a U.S. citizen from the moment of birth. However, for practical reasons, if a child's birth is not reported to a U.S. consulateor United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, the child would not have any proof of U.S. citizenship and the U.S. government might remain unaware of the child's citizenship status. [...]"
Mothers passing on citizenship only applies if said mother is a citizen who has continuously physically resided within the US for at least 12 months at some point. That restriction doesn't apply to father's.

There's a [great article](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Accidental_American) on Wikipedia about accidental Americans.
Only if the moose has spent at least a month in microgravity. You gotta be a resident.
I love A-S-C-Two encoded text.
Anything to mix it up. Also the joy of breaking rules.
> Logging

The first 'g' is doubled once you add the "ing" in order to show you aren't trying to turn "loge" into a verb. English is fucking weird, but there usually is some reasoning.
I'm reading it as sarcasm after the parent comments.
[That's not a knife, this is a Knife](https://youtu.be/5iA_9NKaE3o)
[A Knife](https://youtu.be/5iA_9NKaE3o)
Thank Fuck that shit doesn't grant access to parents in college.
With the amount I'll be paying in student loans, I might as well have gambled on crypto.
Norwegian has them. ÆØÅ are killer. https://youtu.be/f488uJAQgmw
Depends on the tube diameter and whether or not your head is made of tin.
Happy Chrismahanakwanza!
I dont know how many there used to be, but I still see a fair number in PA. Was never looking for them, to be honest.
Parachute opens after it hits the ground... Nice.
"This is good for Bitcoin"
"that is the worlds most dangerous sea flap flaps, I'm gonna touch it!" -steve Irwin
I was convinced there was a glitch, I restarted from checkpoint twice.
I think I'm having a glitch, I can't tell Damon who the snitch is.
Edit: never mind, interract with the massive crime map on the wall.
"I am fed up, with these made up problems!" Damn, Prescott
Maybe, I just have anxiety sometimes around things with irreversible consequences.
If some keys fell out of his pockets, they'd never be seen again...
Look up Unicode doublewide characters. Basically the Japanese Unicode blocks have a couple special ways to encode Latin script to make characters as wide as the Japanese script.
http://reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/7kts5u/whats_a_fact_you_know_that_almost_everyone_is/drhahic
http://reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/7kts5u/whats_a_fact_you_know_that_almost_everyone_is/drhahic
http://reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/7kts5u/whats_a_fact_you_know_that_almost_everyone_is/drhahic
Yes, you picked up on the fact that people are referencing the "The front fell off"-video.
!isbot MindOfMetalAndWheels
!isbot MindOfMetalAndWheels 
Toxoplasmosis?
Old shield is not in super great condition, but they're building a new one right next to it that'll roll over and cover the old one.
Was probably living in South Africa.
From later in the thread: http://reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/comments/7keok0/psbattle_this_bird_taking_a_shit/drdvtzx
6'01" 150lbs. Can confirm.
Reduced appetite is a serious side effect. It sounds like it's helped for you, but do keep an eye on it. The main reason I had to stop taking Adderall regularly is that it doesn't really go away. 

I'm already on the skinny side, so YMMV but for me forgetting to eat was a rather bad thing, I really had to make sure I had "eat something" as a task to complete, otherwise I was going to start looking like someone addicted to meth.

Sounds like that isn't a concern for you right now, but do keep an eye on it in case it goes to far, and stay hydrated.
I question it's structural integrity. Now I've never tried to make a snow doe, but I did try to make a snow dog many years ago and even the stickiest snow wouldn't cooperate. There's no way those legs support that body.
Relevant username, automota aren't expected to pass a Turing test.
Unless the customer was attempting armed robbery in some convoluted explaination invented to reasonably justify such actions. But then you're probably in a hypothetical universe which has it's own drawbacks.
Yeah, if it were at least capitalized then you'd get the hint they're talking about THE Plague, not this that or the other plague.
maybe, but it doesn't stay publicly accessible/linkable.
I missed out, what did they fuck up recently?
It's treating the opposite gender as an aliens species that cannot be understood. 
[straight out of Mitchell and Webb](https://youtu.be/MR76R4gaC48)
Timezones are complicated, and computers are expected to just deal  with them. httpsutu.be/-5wpm-gesOY
It can sound like an alien dissociating themselves from the subjects.
It was hardly a majority, the public was clearly misinformed, and it wasn't even supposed to be binding in the first place. Brexit baffles me.
Like Tom Hanks returning to his remarried wife in Cast Away, it would be awkward.
Geek remix had a series of videos, they actually predicted Jefferson to be the villain after just the first episode.
Just look at how much trouble YouTube has trying to filter their content. Scaling isn't always desired.
This isn't a colorblindness test pattern, but a simulation of what people with different kinds of colorblindness see. My guess is that the two forms have different causes despite the similar result.
Simple version is person's eye's/visual cortex can distinguishable three primary kinds of light (wavelength ranges corresponding to red/green/blue), which combine to form all the colors you can see. There are many kinds of colorblindness, but the most common is red/green colorblindness, where red and green cannot be distinguished. The person still sees two distinguishable kinds of colors, so they have a reduced sense of color.

[TL;DR this image](https://i.imgur.com/OR5993r.jpg)
I'm not your target demographic, but that's a really cool drawing of Max Caulfield.
XR is hell of a drug.
I put lineage OS Nougat on my Note 8.0 earlier this year, the performance boost was night and day.
I wonder how many people have mobile devices as their most powerful computer, not having updated their laptop in years.
The whole thing about machine learning is that they try to optimize for some goal, but they don't decide the goal or criteria that defines success.
At the end of the day, a red Dot on the notification bell is the same as an orange Reddit inbox icon, but there are subtle differences. On Reddit, it's 100% your decision what subreddits you subscrive to and thus yount to see and the ordering/presence of posts/comments is more deterministic vs the unpredictable weird machine learning that Facebook post and recommend YouTube videos do.

 They're doing clever things trying to optimize how many posts you like or how long you stay on the site. It's easier to see that as malicious, especially since they directly target the masses, without being overwhelming transparent.
It is known.
It looked like he was acting for the camera, trying to look cool.
Nothing compares to the man, the myth, the legend, [Scott Sterling!](https://youtu.be/8F9jXYOH2c0)
Trying to get an arrest warrant on her for underage drinking?./s
Is that a fingerless mitten or part of your jacket? Either way, I know what I want for Christmas now.
Looks like a depth map from computer graphics.
Just because they can't keep their story consistent doesn't mean they won't keep trying to minimize it. Once they can't say it wasn't real they'll say it isn't important, or was someone else's fault
If you're on Reddit you can't be asleep
It was flying well above the altitude any bombers would be, and well out of range of what unarmed rebels could throw a stone at. Turns out it wasn't unarmed rebels but a foreign military.
When propagandist can't say it wasn't real, they say it doesn't matter or try to poke holes in it other ways.
When propagandist can't say it wasn't real, they say it doesn't matter.
That a lot of bandwidth for dialup.
Sounds like they'd be using it as a terminal to oversee/run programs on another computer. Essentially SSH into their 'real' computer using the IBM PC.
Pretty. I don't know what's going on I like the color CRT shadow mask. I know I've seen it before but with people going digital or trying to replicate VHS, I've seen few examples of people replicating this aspect of old CRTs.
Portable driveway.
Yeah, look at him call Americans tall.
Yeah, people say Vietnam was a failure but all the horror and atrocities gave people a reason to want to think about something else. The military contractors then step in to built the rockets and spacecraft for the space race.
NASA is strictly civilian, they aren't allowed to keep secrets.
Frankly this "Hunter brain" sounds somewhat similar to descriptions I've hears of ADHD, and explainations I've used to try and describe my experiences. I do wonder if any of the Solir are as bad at executive functioning/time management as I am.
That phrase has become a joke, up there with "won't anyone think of the _children!_", but trying to imagine what that reported on the scene was actually seeing... Yeah, the humanity.
I mean, add a pusher plate and a mechanism for dropping small atomic bombs, and yeah. You could get a skyscraper to space.
Well, according to the 'half-your-age-plus-seven' rule, the youngest person a 36 year old can date without it being weird is 25. Oldest for 18 is 22.

An 18 year old *is* an adult, but they have just finished high school, probably haven't lived on their own, and (in the US) are still years away from legally being allowed to drink alcohol.

I struggle to see what they have in common with a 36 year old, life-experience-wise. That doesn't mean it's necessarily wrong, but it's sure to raise eyebrows. Especially when one is literally old enough to have been a parent to the other, who is still very young.
Half-your-age-plus-seven. Don't go below that; if you care about the person, wait a few years.
Yeah, but the half-your-age-plus-seven rule is a good guideline, and this is well beyond.
How do you prevent the regulatory capture industry from capturing the regulatory capture prevention agency?
This in depth video by Folding Ideas is how I learned about them: https://youtu.be/LKp2gikIkD8
Some say they haven't finished detailing yet.
As long as they keep producing quality mid-range devices I'm happy. It feels like over the past couple years mid range devices have finally become not just serviceable but pleasurable to use.

My X Compact doesn't have a flagship SOC, but I've been very impressed with it, especially for it's price.
I just purchased the international version instead, and the fingerprint reader on my X Compact works great. I also purchased an international Z3 Compact when they weren't selling them here, so I might not be the typical US customer.
The bezels on my X Compact are very minimal, the only thing not modern about the design is it's inclusion of a headphone jack.
This is good news, shows that despite the popular apathy, there are still reasonable people in Washington and reaching out does make a difference.
It is a convenient, as it's a natural thing to ask.
There was nothing weirder than noticing I wasn't acting like myself. It's possible another prescription would have better results, but it doesn't work for everyone. After trying two different antidepressants at various doses I ended up stopping my medication because I was concerned.

I'm sorry he's treating you in this way; He isn't in his right mind, but his actions are still his own. You're a good person for trying to stay around and help him.
Tall and lankey, that's how I get in my little car.
[it's actually They might be giants](https://youtu.be/q2bo_u_YmW8)
https://youtu.be/q2bo_u_YmW8
I took a different SSRI, tried two actually. They try to rebalance your brain chemistry and sometimes it works, but they can have serious side effects that fuck you up, especially when you're going on/off them. I was an ass while I was on them, and eventually found medication wasn't for me, but not before destroying some friendships, which sucks.
Whenever I see that kind of brand I always think they're asking you to pay more money for less food.
No village left behind, everyone gets a soccer arena
I'm really confused as this is what I think of when I hear Vegeta https://imgur.com/kgMcAik
I'm 21 and I think a couple of my jeans are boot cut, most are straight cut.
Russia wasn't a fan of paying licensing fees to Richmond for a closed product, IIRC their initial interest was a number of years ago, when Microsoft's OS was ubiquitous and they had a near Monopoly. They're interested in it because it's development is all out in the open and it serves as a potential competitor to Microsoft's product.
Thanks, but it's not my work. It just appeared in my YouTube subscription box today.
[It is the](https://i.imgur.com/raiedxz.gif)[ best movie](https://i.imgur.com/hZADE6D.gif)[ ever made.](https://i.imgur.com/iyjZWAR.gif)
[A Knife](https://youtu.be/5iA_9NKaE3o)
But now blip is gone, and vid.me doesn't have near the quality control/curation blip had.
Oh God, it's in the water supply!
Check the site, it says what time the protests are scheduled. You might still make it that day
Depending on your keyboard, you can delete words from the autocorrect dictionary, usually for naughty words or mispellings that got saved, but it lets you delete the word "is" if you want, and it will never suggest it again, and will see it as a typo.
Finally, the year of Linux on the desktop!
If you're young, it might just be a small sample size.
Do brush your fucking teeth, you really don't want to end up with Grandma teeth when you're still young.

I don't have much advice about depression, but know it comes and goes. You're in a low now but the worst of it will pass.
Hackers (1995)
Well, I wouldn't have to worry about my semester, I'd be the most qualified person on the planet.
What about underweight?
Exposure. Yes please pay me in exposure.
Time spent with people who matter to me.
Ah. Well I uhm, experienced a small but freaking scary electrical fire today. That shock made me feel alive.
[decent video explaining the obvious problems with the trope.](https://youtu.be/X3-hOigoxHs)
I'd vote for that platform.
Like rain? Running somewhere and getting slightly soaked can be exhilarating.
Going somewhere in the rain, while wearing a good coat and staying warm/dry in spite of the weather.
Self control. It's well past 4 am and I'm still awake.
Aramark is literally prison food.
Looked through some more of their comics and they're really interesting. Thanks for the link.
I was convinced Nena had released "99 red balloons" in three languages, the original German, as well as English and French translations.

I was convinced "quatre-vingt dix-neuf ballons" was a thing, but when I went to look it up years later, it doesn't exist. I must have translated part of it myself and forgotten.
Why are so many ideologies trying to split the nation in half, into an us vs. them thing? I'm sure many of these radicals are minority figures given a platform by their very opposition, to act as strawmen and further divided people.

It might get high viewcounts but it's definitely not a good thing for our country, when people's only interaction with "the other side" is a filtered copy of a copy. 

The politics of this country have devolved into a joke especially in the last year. If we survive this administration we know the system of separated powers works, but it doesn't seem to be going that way.

A lot need to change.
My parents came to the states around 1990 from communist Romania, where they were persecuted for being hungarians, then I'm born here. I'm a second generation immigrant, but I look like every other white guy. 

A really smart man once said something about not being judged by the color of one's skin, and it's easy to try to turn his words into an argument against reverse racsim, but I don't think I've really experienced any real forms of anti-white sentiment in real life.
My parents taught me hungarian, not super useful in the states except as a secret language. It happens but it also is a huge time investment, most second generation families I've heard about don't speak fluently.
What is meant by debt free money?
Time, if I could. It's what I most wish I had more of.
In general, making things legal allows for better regulation and higher standards.
Party two on Hailey's channel: https://youtu.be/QrQCVSRR0Z8
That I will never learn to manage my time.
We have no connection to the lowlands inside Hungary's modern borders, we're don't even use the same words they do. Trianon has come and past, it's not going to change, but can't there be bilingual regions?
[But steel's heavier than feathers.](https://youtu.be/uH0hikcwjIA)
Another video from the same bloke, he sort of became an [accidentally emoji expert](https://youtu.be/5OPkGQoPeHk)
I think as in vampires.
> ɔ - latin small letter open o (u+0254)
It's the same as the No Man's Sky previews, people's imaginations ran wild.
Not really excessive after the massive rocket and all. The rover was actually folded up a very compact compartment on the side of the LEM, and only sent on the last three missions.
Hot air balloons might have been somewhat older, but manned heavier than air aviation was really not around all that long.
Your priorities are different than mine.
What in the fuck. If I were your boyfriend I would probably not be finding it hilarious.
I'm sorry you had to go through that.
I read it as "5 or 7", op shoulda used a hyphen/dash.
Without consent it's sexual assault, which is, in fact, not okay.
Why do you assume queer people only exist because of abuse?
He was clearly not interested yet she kept groping him. Swap sexes and no one would say this isn't sexual assault.
You don't always know who is in need.
Ooh, are any of your pages accessable by some sort of HyperText Transfer Protocol?
I haven't read the word "hyperlink" in ages, thanks for making me smile!
No I agree with you, the brexit-vote was supposed to be non-binding, and wasn't a significant majority. It's all been generally terrible from then on.
The question becomes, "can we get access to the pebble's microphone?" and I am not qualified to answer.
That's potential software, but not a service. Assuming the software is ready/reliable someone would still have to run their own servers.
Yes! I'm Hungarian/English bilingual, and it's just as modal for me. Sometimes if I'm in the wrong mode and someone speaks to me I have to pause and "rewind" and reparse what the person said before I can respond.
Both must be held accountable.
Stop making excuses. If you want pick another theme, you can always figure out a last minute justification. The theme is mostly meant as a prompt to get people started.
The compo always seems to fall late in the semester when I had schoolwork, or when I'm traveling. _\*sigh..\*_
Filled the plastic eggs with the shavings?
Hello, space alien from Mars here. Believe it or not, w proper heat management most of the risk can be deferred. Granted this is virtually impossible in smartphone applications.
The fuck?
It's just a button. For you to tap. It literally can't read your fingerprint.

My phone's fingerprint scanner is on the lock button, which I didn't touch. Normal capacitive touch screens cannot read fingerprints. 
It doesn't appear to be a real fingerprint scanner, just an odd "tap here" button.
Might be to enable audio, that's when Spotify paused on my phone. 

The browser might think that it isn't a background ad because the user interracts with it, or something 
I live in a dorm, I don't pay a power bill. It's like getting calls about my non-existent mortgage...
Net neutrality allows and is required for a fair free-market on the internet, where companies CAN compete on the online marketplace.
Yeah, I can read the time, but that doesn't I can manage my time.
I didn't have any spelling tests beyond elementary school, you made it sound like these tests took place much later.
What's up around 1h38 ?
Ez itt a kért.
Singular they is becoming a thing. Grammatically it's maybe sightly weird at for but language changes. Facebook used to not ask gender, and sometimes say things like "Fred updated their status".

[Here's a video that describes the phenomenon](https://youtu.be/46ehrFk-gLk)
Watch too many movies that push really exagerated gender norms and a highly sexualized society, identify with none of it, and find communities on Tumblr/etc who seem to be the only ones who understand/agree with you. 

Is a man born in Romania a Romanian? Most probably consider themselves such, but many instead consider themselves Hungarian, both, or something else. Identity is a complicated one.
So is ADHD, but we accept it and these people live as productive members of society. Everyone's slightly mad, why single this group out? 
It's a wonderful world where this problem doesn't exist. Hungarian is nice and rather gender neutral, but I hear Russian/Ukrainian is pretty terrible.
And copying. It bugged me so much when my mother would get the same haircut as me.
Both are dubs, but you'd think dubbing the same words you'd do a better job. https://youtu.be/cKcqyREyejo
Extreme was the wrong word on my part, but it's unfair to say people don't have reasons. They're often not good reasons, but people can unintentionally ghost you. It could be anxiety, where far from not caring they care too much and don't know how to reopen communications. Words *can* cost, but so can their absence.

As someone who often writes a fair amount more texts/chats than I receive, I've learned not to attribute things to malice. But maybe all my friends are deluded selfish cowards.

I do however agree that a single sentence can make all the difference, I'm just saying you don't always get it.
If you don't mind the disconnect between the pen and the screen, there are some cheap USB pen tablets on Amazon that are still miles ahead of using a mouse.
Because net neutrality is not a partisan issue.
That's a bit extreme. Its a bit of a shitty thing to do, but at the end of the day we're all human and have complicated lives to live and figure out. Sometimes it takes time to figure shit out, sometimes you can't talk for a while. 

If you can explain some months later that you were going through shit or can't continue for some reason, it means a lot to the other person. It's the right thing to do, but sometimes you don't get that and that's life.
Weightless particle moving so fast it doesn't notice how much time has past, and so didn't deteriorate when it should have according to Newton. Einstein has a theory as to why, though.
Amateur radio is a synonym of HAM Radio.
Check the alt text. Best is better than Top, but at the end of the day it isn't foolproof.
There are definitely people who talk that way, probably a couple are even serious, but it's this kind of 'belief in no God' that pushes me towards agnosticism. I don't think I believe there is a God, but that's really where the conversation ends.
So, delete early?
Don't let your memes be dreams
Is Carlos an official representative of the United States? Has he claimed the US is all righteous and never wrong? If not this fact has nearly nothing to do with the conversation. US might be fighting proxy wars and have questionably foreign policy, but that doesn't make Russia's actions any less wrong.
You might have some amount of legitimacy of you have the UN on your side.
Just because other people do wrong things, doesn't mean it's okay to do wrong things.
What you think were yams, might actually have been sweet potatoes, more at [11](https://youtu.be/CCDeMbgX7vk)
Rheeee!
I'm sorry I'm imaginary; I don't actually exist. Apparently it was all a group hallucination or something, but I never was.
Or a least seems to follow their life, I wouldn't be surprised if it's ignorance 90% of the time.
Yeah, but since I can't really stand drinking anything carbonated I think I'll stick to Tropicana or Florida's Natural.
Just get a shot of Jagër damnit!
So it's a partially carbonated orange flavored drink? Half flat orange soda? I'll personally stick to the virgin screwdriver but that's just personal preference.
I think it's the toothbrush mustache that does it, they're both playing to the same trope of unsavory power tripping security guard.
Dark, but I like it. The bay ending kinda fucks max up, no one she tells would believe her.
Just sitting/spinning on the bare rusted metal without any layers is a bad idea. Makes sense she stopped short of smashing the window, those shards would go everywhere.
This is really cool. Polaroid Nation does sound a bit like this sub.
Game 1 is about Max finding herself, as is BtS about Chloe. The relationships that may or may not develop ("they were just friends I swear!") help them find their way, but neither game is about the shipping.
I'd have to look the exact ratio, but yeah. Also adjust the code for a different set of rectangles to choose from.
It's worth noting that this image is formed by the sides of bricks, not their tops, so you'd have to deal with non-square pixels.
Care to explain?
Fuck you, we don't need that kind of defeatist attitude on this thread. If we stop they win, if we don't stop, we might persist.
As long as they think they have a chance of getting away with it, we have to show we won't let them.
I'm sorry to hear that, I hope you're doing better now. 
My Nemesis!
It's crazy how challenging it can be to find something non-carbonated that isn't water. I always avoided fizzy drinks as a kid because I didn't like them, and now beer is proving to be a challenge.
Gaslighting. It does sound like it was pretty effective.
PA has that, pretty rare for it to be applicable though.
My solution was visiting cousins in more reasonable parts of the world, that also separated my summer drinking from schoolwork
I would say angle Interpolation, points might give you variable length arms
That's what "they" want, weaken the west by having people distrust their own institutions. Don't believe it's hopeless, even if it seems that way. Institutions fail when people give up trying to adapt and improve them.
But can you prove you didn't just move to California year later?
Right now we're struggling to turn ISPs more like power companies, PECO doesn't charge differeny based on what appliances you use, (a watt is like any other a watt) let's hope we prevent ISPs from charging based on what 3rd party services you access (a ip packet should  be treated like any other ip packet)
WebGL isn't going anywhere
Far-lands or bust!
Got any anonymized screenshots worth sharing?
The story of the Prequel doesn't entirely depend on the main one, but it refers to it a lot. It's also not finished yet while s1 is.
[You'll have to call again!](https://youtu.be/X6oUz1v17Uo)
Not necessarily, terrorists have no issue using unencrypted SMS. There are plenty of justified reasons and uses of encryption/crypto, but that doesn't mean it can't/doesn't happen.
We've all been there, I briefly dated a lesbian myself. When I found out I was confused and thought she might be biromantic, the answer to that was no. A confusing time to be sure.
Eyes?
In my dreams I can float pretty well by inflating my lungs, it's really weird but seems completely normal when I'm doing it. I've had plenty of times when dreams seem like memories until I realize, that makes no fucking sense. Maybe the same happened to you?
They might be bi and you don't know, but that is technically the wrong label, yes
Weird that it's visible from the inside, most games enable backface culling which only draws the outer facing side of polygons.
Again, everything out there in the PC world is essentially an upgraded IBM-PC clone, whereas there is no standard architecture or even boot up process on Android devices. Custom ROMs only exist because the GPL requires device makers to release the changes they've made to the Kernel, allowing LegacyOS/etc to link against it. Most custom ROMs run on pretty old Linux kernels in fact, they just update the Android OS layer that runs on top of the kernel.

If they don't change the kernel, the custom ROM can keep using the same proprietary binary blob drivers to access the screen/camera/radios/etc.
I thought they were pinned to the discussion topics board, I
ie the door. Maybe someone else did it?
I mean, real urls means people are gonna look for it, that's why there are so many 555 numbers on TV, no one wants the real thing to connect.
Unless he's the one hosting the page, as in the computer he's on hosts the page for others. Nginx on Linux can have similar paths, though under /var/www/etc. It's still a file open from disk, of course, but there might be an explaination to the path other than just mimicking a real URL.
I agree with you, but for some funny reason it's political suicide to talk nuclear. France has many whereas Germany has a phobia and is closing the faster than renewables take their place.
Just don't build it in a god-damned earthquake/tsunami zone. FFS.
Doing the opposite can be fun when framed as a game, I'm sure countless flat earthers who don't actually believe it like looking for arguments to support it. But it's possible to miss the framing and suddenly you have people actually believing it.
There never was a Second Reich, those names were retroactively invented by the Nazi Party to give legitimacy to their government as a successor the newly renamed eras.
Wrong timeframe, it was only split *after* Nazi controlled Germany was defeated, that *communists* who controlled East Germany.
Nuclear might have problems related to waste disposal, but it sure as hell doesn't contribute to atmospheric CO2. All the cloud factories vent is water.
Do you think Catalan was influenced, or only indirectly insofar as existing post brexit-vote
They're here, [but they call themselves Hungarians.](http://www.setileague.org/askdr/hungary.htm)
Well I haven't had a job yet, I've either been a dependent or a full time student. I'll pay taxes next year, assuming I get a job.
Maybe, maybe not.
So it wasn't stopping Chernobyl that caused this, but him sneezing in act two?
It's getting more JPEG
Word is that it's surprisingly performant, considering.
They did a lot of work on emulation, it still has a performance difference, but apparently it's surprisingly performant considering.
https://youtu.be/ASoD-YLiWBc
You are correct, they see Rust as a way to greatly reduce the odds/amount of security bugs in Firefox, which has to run untrusted code as fast as possible. It has taken time for rust to mature as it has for the new technologies built on it. Some rust code has already made its way into Firefox some time ago, but this is the first major architecture change to make it into stable.
Well, it's a set of new technologies they're using to change the core architecture of the browser. They didn't just push a normal update and slap a new name on it, this project has been going on for at least the better part of the year.
And it's not even a Rolex
That's the hilarious part to me, the terrific speed. A mile a minute is 60mph, not slow but an easy enough speed for a car.
He'll be dead before chocolate day? oh dear.
© Reddit. Yeah, sure.
It just says that 90% of people weren't using that bit regularly, and it was often the first bit to break/malfunction.
Please explain
Yes
We had a special dedicated VHS rewinder machine.
Have you considered inviting Linux into your life?
Out of curiosity, when was this?
Don't worry, I still [see you as a blob](https://i.imgur.com/HIFte04.png).
On man's terrorist is another man's freedom fighter.
Eh, who needs consistency... Uhm... those episodes only exist because they had to use an inverse-tachyon-beam to condensate for the subspace distortion. That condensation formed in the upper atmosphere and precipitated on the planet, causing the original Riker to rematerialize on the planet while the double appeared on the ship. 

They said as much on the show, pay attention!
Does that mean that once it's generating more power than it consumes, you can power the generator with it's own output?
Google says it might be [this](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hickory_Run_State_Park). Thanks for reminding me of the place, I haven't been there in ages.
The only way to learn anything is to try things and make mistakes. I've made more mistakes than I can count, but we're all human, yes even girls. We're not from different planets, so if you don't know, ask. Sometimes you look like a fool, but that's fine. I'd say relax, be friendly, and see where it goes. But I don't know anything.
That's a cool boulder field. 
Rooster teeth are great, I've known about them for a while, but only recently watched most of red vs blue and got into the podcast.
Fuck the Emoji, #blobsforever
Not apple sauce in particular, but the elites of Associated Apple Growers of America do have a cruise, and they have speakers promoting all sorts of apple-based products.
They use gaffer tape, right? It's like electrical tape but not
Any car is a generator, not everyone has a dedicated one.
But it's crypto money, they can't trace this! /s
Looks pretty ridiculous, but there's almost some abstract beauty in it's symmetry.
Districts can have really [weird shapes](https://i.imgur.com/TyZ5Cqz.png) though.
Close, but more accurately it's since the Treaty of Trianon (1920); You're thinking of the Second Vienna Award, which was short lived and applied to much of northern Transylvania, but before the war was over the borders reverted to those defined in 1920. 

However a lot of my family only has hungarian citizenship because they can show they had ancestors living in Cluj/Kolozsvár when it briefly was returned to Hungary.
More or less, but it's easier than trying to correct people.
Székely, the Székely people are a group of Hungarians in Székelyföld, (hungarian for Szeklers-Land), it's part of Transylvania, once part of Hungary but has been within Romania for about a century.
Yeah, it's the Llanerch diner, and yes that's a double L.
I used to live near the diner featured in Silver Linings Playbook, they have pretty good food.
What kind of bird do you have? I'm on the other side of the country but I'd love to talk.
I believe, now that Google has Android apps running on any device that runs chrome, they're working on replacing Android with another operating system that isn't based on Linux and "encumbered" by the GNU free software license. They're working on another microkernel-based OS which is also open sourced, but under a different BSD license. One big difference is BSD doesn't require device makers to release their modified version when they release devices. These modified kernel sources are relied on by modders who create custom ROMs (custom built OSs for existing phones/devices), and I believe that custom ROMs will be at risk within 5-10 years when Google switches the core of their OS.

tl;dr: I don't entirely trust Google to keep their OS and devices open.
I thought they were landing pads for alien space ships, that's what the Stargate documentary shows us.
Thanks for the heads up, yeah this is from the rail crossing just across from the pub. West Manayunk is what Instagram suggested as the location when I posted it there, guess I shouldn't trust it.
Why does she need to be crazy for this to be real?
But we're only allowed to play inside, outside is off limits. It's where strangers and scary people are. /s
Driving, an internship, countless new friends, but it's a mixed bag. I had a major falling out with my old friend group, that's going to be a year past real soon. It was a challenging year but I'd prefer to think I've learned from it and is has better prepared me for the world, as in one more year I'll have graduated college.
Ouch. I don't know how well they're sealed, so I would not recommend it. We all know lithium and water don't mix well.
True, but unfortunately they don't win much
Given the chance, they made their biggest rival the laughing stock of international politics
Why?
Shit.
Do you think a first generation immigrant (or is the term second gen?) who was born in the US to foreign parents would have the same effect?
Skipping is where it's at, it's much easier to match tempos of much more music I listen to if I skip, but I don't dare do much more than a flare.

Skipp off the sidewalk to walk across the street, skip up to the sidewalk, back to walking.

But I just feel way to silly if people see me, you know my pain.
It's like 50/50, and we know Grey hates the latest iteration of Google emoji anyway. #blobsforever
Here's why, on Android you've got thousands of different kinds of devices so the "grab video" vs "snap a photo" APIs are very generic and can perform inconsistently between devices, as far as delay/quality. This has improved over time but it's still not as consistent as iOS.

Here are some [photos](https://i.imgur.com/qlaBuuL.gif) I snapped in low light, versus this [screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/tXLbhgD.jpg) of what the camera app viewfinder showed. Which one is sharper?

Sure the screenshot is image has more noise, but the 'photo' asks for higher resolution and asks the sensor for a longer exposure to try and get rid of the noise and make the most of low light, resulting in a blurry but smooth image.

YMMV, but that's the point. This is using the stock camera app on my Xperia X Compact, hardly a low end device, imagine this times a thousand for older low-spec devices running who knows what OS version. I can see how this situation came to be.
Facebook is the monolith, it will never die, it owns Instagram and literally controls at least three separate stories functions that compete with Snapchat (Facebook Stories, Messenger Stories, Instagram Stories)
The grey alien? (👽)
I've used some LiPo batteries (like [this](https://i.imgur.com/vkOeDbA.jpg) one) that fit in male-pockets, and have enough juice to jump a car a couple times; it's not the same thing, but the closest real thing. We know Chloe has pockets of holding though.
Less SHEMALE PORN ADDICTION than Mr. Regular's videos, though.
It seems like load balancing should somehow fix that, unless the default connection is looking for as low a ping as possible, giving shit bandwidth.
Nah, he's just still tabulating Zeno's paradox
I don't think that's likely, the seem to be moving to more of a rolling release cycle. Whereas windows 8/8.1 weren't long for the world, they've really pushed windows 10 as their universal platform. 

In the past twenty years selling an OS has become increasingly less profitable, and selling a boxed CD in a shop is unthinkable. Their OS is a platform for their app store and cloud services, they want people using it. 

It's like underpricing printers and overpricing the ink, people won't buy your ink if they bought someone else's printer at a better price.
It's really in Microsoft's interest to have people on one OS, they *really* don't want another xp.
Honestly that browser looks like Firefox 2.0 with so many large icons in the toolbar, and it looks like it's running on windows XP or earlier based on the contrasting toolbar with square buttons.
They don't use the same time travel rules (Dr who is usually fixed timeline/predestination stuff), so a crossover would be interesting.
Thumbnail is just a painted sneaker.
Man, that browser window looks so outdated now.
That is fucked up.
Falling asleep is one of those things where trying harder doesn't help, but you do have to get off your phone and give your mind the opportunity to do so.
The last two seem like they would be contradictory.
Fall asleep at 6am, wake up around 8pm? I've done a bit of both.
It feels like the first three times I hear someone's name it just doesn't get encoded in my mind... I eventually get it, but I have to make a fool of myself first.
Would you at least agree with Micheal Baxandall's argument that our concept of Cézanne is dependant on Picasso's understanding of him, implying newer art can influence our reading of earlier works?
Ernst Gombrich, what a guy. Everyone thought art was about imitation until he came around.
It can be, but it's also a great way to forget meals and be borderline underweight. I just wanted to highlight that it can go too far the other direction, because I've been there.
Oh damn, that sucks. I once had a roommate who would fall asleep with his TV blaring reality shows, not only loud but also illuminating the room with flashing/constantly changing light. He lost the remote so he couldn't even set a sleep timer for it to turn itself off, and I had 8 am classes... I don't miss that roommate.
Revenant xkcd https://xkcd.com/1113/
What was the movie again?
Meanwhile I sometimes need to remind/force myself to, as if it's a chore like doing the laundry.
Ayyy. It's the worst thing because trying harder doesn't help.
Also falling asleep.
Conspiracy: Global warming was an insect-job!
Most dangerous city in PA, and it's not North Philly.
I'd like to give you the mints you require.
Mints
This was an amazing episode. Terribly sad, but they did a good job subverting expectations.
IIRC the Russians aquire the dhd via Germany post WW2.
What is this, City of London?
Hey, your title appears in this song by Halsey, [Gasoline](https://youtu.be/P2MAJvDWbqQ), I wonder if you're a fan of her music.
Hey, I've been there. There's nothing more painful than having people you care about worried about you, it is exhausting but you do have options.

Sometimes a rant to an internet stranger or friend can help, someone who might understand but you don't have to interract with in you life.

Or, my University has a counseling center, free for students but most don't know about it. There you get to talk to someone who has to keep it private and is literally paid to listen. You might have similar options.

If all else fails, putting something to words can help. I made a second Gmail account just so I can IM myself. I mostly use it as a clipboard between my devices, but I also note and remark about life there. Just putting thoughts to words can help you process them.

Your problems might be trivial, they might be monumental, but it doesn't matter. They're real to you and they carry weight.
It's weird that it should know where you're coming from. You'd think you navigate to a page and request it, it wouldn't make a difference where from.
Is that something else the mother likes, or would it imply that that's what the dad likes?
Once someone is bilingual, which is a bit of a barrier, having Hungarian as one of your languages is interesting. 

Hungarian doesn't even have two words for brother/sister, you either settle for sibling, sibling of a gender, or pick from four words which also specify their relative age.
What is the product?
I can do one better, apparently it has an [explainxkcd page](https://www.explainxkcd.com/wiki/index.php/Five-Minute_Comics:_Part_4).
There's a patch for xp, but iirc you need an additional third party patch for widescreen monitors. I'd check the mm2 extreme website.

Edit: [here is a link to the xp patch](http://www.mm2x.com/page.php?name=Downloads&d_op=viewdownload&cid=62#cat)
Im really no authority, but Good Charlotte has some good albums, I'd also recommend Motion City Soundtrack's Commit This To Memory album.
As someone born in '96, I saw the news channels but I didn't grasp the gravity of the events for years.
I missed it, but I believe you. I once saw an new five minute comics go up before being replaced by a regular comic within minutes.
Mid 00s ftw! Pop punk forever!
We finally know who was phone.
[Bélakvagyok](https://youtu.be/Zc_MJxHOrb8)
[Fake the footage of the fake moon landing on the moon? What if people found out?](https://youtu.be/sE-tpiAiiHo)
But where am I going to find 12v DC?
Mostly devices you get from a cellular carrier, but it depends
Weather Land is a pretty one that I've used for ages.
Shit I'm in my early twenties, time do do stupid things while I still can!
Rick having his reasons doesn't make it not abuse.
When life's like this...
I think you mean "*whose descendants still live there." One's ancestors came before them, their descendants come after them.

That's actually really interesting, I should look more into the history of the area.
I'm interested in the other end of the spectrum, with low BMI.
This is my I trust my phone more than my pebble as far as step count. One is on my legs, the other somewhere rather disconnected from walking.
Bojack Horseman is a great show. Despite of, or maybe by contrast to it's absurd world, it really does a good job of capturing what depression and self destructive behavior is like. Bojack is sometimes an asshole, but he gets called out for it.

It sometimes gets very absurd, but I really enjoyed the latest season.
Right, even asleep your pebble is not as still as if it were laying on a table. I wonder if the rocking of a boat would trick it. Any pebblers living at sea?
I did not know that. My p2hr does track naps during the day if I go into the app, but I try my hardest to keep a semi-reasonable sleep schedule.
I'll take battery life over a color screen. It's a huge part of why I prefer pebbles to Android/iOS wearables.
But it also makes sure you have a pulse, it never gives me a number if it spends the night charging instead of on my wrist.

Edit: ack, I didn't notice OP's wasn't a P2HR
I'd say episode two of the original was pretty good as well, but it's hard to beat Daughter.
Which makes additionally makes sense for her character after yelling at her dad in episode one that she knows what a sparkplug does. She is very smart, even though she seems to despise school.
Especially when you ask Rose "These plates?" and Chloe's hands are empty.
Olives are serious business, man! 
Wrong on both counts, it's the black ones that must be avoided, the green ones are almost as good as capers.
I'd have a look at what citybound is up to, it's been super long in development, and is far from properly playable, but their tech is probably what you'd need to pull this off.

[Recently video showing distributed (multi computer over network) city similation](https://youtu.be/qr9GTTST_Dk)
That's very good to hear. They're also pretty good about updating devices. 

My Z3c was released before lolipop, but when i turned it on a few months ago, I had update alfter update eventually taking it up to Marshmallow. It was a pleasant surprise, coming from mid-range samsung devices before.
*** - ** - ****
Bottom aligned is how colons in text should be. The alternative would bother me.
Was surprised, found a [source](http://www.androidpolice.com/2012/04/26/key-android-engineer-weighs-in-on-manufacturer-contributions-to-aosp-and-update-rollouts-you-might-be-surprised-whos-on-top/), (2012)
The algorithm consistently posts alt-text. Praise be.
Hungarian is mosó medve, or washer bear.
In soviet Russia, official documents redact you.
Sounds like the learned part is to look under one's dresser.
Aaaahhhhhhhhh! I need to move to Mars ASAP to escape this threat.
This thread is literally soliciting comments like this, I'm not sure it counts, Tim.
That is the problem, under the current system if you vote for a third party you are disadvantaging the lesser evil. The situation you described happened exactly with the Bull Moose Party splitting the Republican vote.
It's more energy than it takes to fly it to a volcano.
This is the reason more parties need to be viable. Everyone is afraid of helping the lesser evil, and strategic voting hurts everyone.
Just dump the waste in the ocean! /s
This song has a mouth trumpet solo, https://youtu.be/B_XmUm1SMr0
Is the video itself archived? I can't tell on mobile as that era of YouTube still needed flash.
Just because something is covered/discussed doesn't mean it's the only thing they do. It's a useful and important lens, especially when looking at old works which existed in a society with different norms, but also for modern stuff.
Airships come up a bunch, theres the Zeppelin elevator, the fading dream...
Fungi are just so alien.... I don't trust them.
* Percussive maintenance.
That's still a video (or moving picture, if you will), just a short one without sound. Still an MP4 file probably.
Happened to my cousin in Romania. They found the keys but his car key fob split open and was missing the RFID chip which they couldn't find, meaning the car refused start with the key.
I get it's a joke but it this thread as a whole isn't marked NSFW and the previous comments were specifically calling out /r/Earthporn and others for suggestive/misleading names.

That being said I could have used a different tone.
Blob forever!
He's not your fam, bud.
I could care less, instead I care a great deal.
Fucking NSFW mate.
But of a misconception. While the opticals and fore portion of eyes are very similar to cameras, the sensors are not.

The human vision is *WEIRD* doesn't have discreet frames and it's resolution/light/motion sensitivity aren't even consistent for one's whole feild vision.
 
[Mircosaccades](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsaccade) are tiny eye movements that essentially prevent a a burn-in like effect where if you don't move your eyes (it's possible but hard not to) anything in your field of vision that isn't moving fades to grey as your retina essentially becomes desensitized to the image. If you do that for about a minute then look at a blank surface you might see an [afterimage](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Afterimage) of what you were just looking at.
Might be unrelated, but Overgrowth, the bunny fighting game by the guys behind Receiver, just hit 1.0 today. https://youtu.be/o5l2xr5BBq8
People claim that they've had quantum computers and have cracked even the best encryption, but these claims are ridiculous. Like anyone else in infosec they often use the path of least resistance, they have better funding and authority but they still have budgets and can't use technology that doesn't exist.

Snowden documents from 2013 showed that they tamper with devices firmware, or deploy normal looking USB cables with hidden transmitters. This isn't future tech, they're exploiting the inherit trust people place in USB cables and devices to do only what they're supposed to. The infosec community uses devices like the USB Rubber Ducky all the time. It was released in 2010 and the same thing. It looks like a flashdrive, acts like a keyboard.

Alternatively, a talk from FOSDEM '14 [(link)](https://youtu.be/fwcl17Q0bpk) was going around recently about which talks about how they probably encouraged the acquisition of skype, twice, in order to get Skype to change protocols and move from a hard to intercept peer to peer connections to going through central servers.
It definitely is.

It's a shame that whenever a movie comes out they replace the original cover of the book with an edited movie poster. I get it's for marketing but it pains me that later reasers lose the original art, and the imaginary worlds they inspire.
I'm on T-Mobile, I don't know about HD Voice, and I might be missing out on wifi calling, but I do get wifi tethering. That last one is built into the OS and there's little a carrier could do about it, short of trying to sniff browser data.

I haven't really missed wifi calling, as coverage is pretty good in my area, and often more reliable than school wifi anyway. There might be a way to set up wifi calling with T-Mobile, but I can make free calls in the US with my Google Voice number anyway via WiFi, so I haven't looked into it.
Man in the High Castle is great, I'm a sucker for alternate histories.
No, he just got inside somewhere he shouldn't be, and does something absurd, like https://xkcd.com/671/
s/ancestors/descendants
I was tired of having to deal with carriers, my last three phones I bought unlocked, my latest (Xperia X C) isn't even the US model. In addition to faster updates [\(and monthly security updates\)](https://i.imgur.com/MLrSw9M.png) less bloat, I always have the FM radio tuner enabled. It's nice to actually own/control the device I use.
Does the ADS-B interract with an aircraft's TCAS system? I certainly agree with being transparent/public about something's position in the air, but I don't know how ADS-B is regulated. Isn't that commercial aviation only? It's also an unauthenticated protocol.
As far as fire goes, it hurts, but if you avoid it too long you're going to have a real bad time. Still, I'm not sure I like the direction political climate is taking.

I don't know about your latter point though, party policies change but I don't think that would happen quite like that.
And fires are sometimes needed, but as we see in California they can cause a whole lot of damage. 

I'm curious how things would be if we ever had a Trump vs Bernie debate, or if he was the Democratic candidate. I'm not sure he would have faired much better, but it would definitely have been more interesting to have two "outsider"/counter establishment candidates. 

I really think the US needs some way for more than two parties to be viable.
Is everything alright?
I had that happen with a Mobius a while back that landed hard on asphalt. Smashed off the first layer of a complex lens, and then it's super short sighted.
$$$
I'm more worried about the woman's foot. That can't be a shoe right? Has to some weird kind of peg leg.
I love watching visualizations, I stumbled on this one recently.
https://youtu.be/sYd_-pAfbBw
Actually, rolling shutter refers to footage from a camera where the whole frame isn't exposed at the same time, where the top of the frame was captured milliseconds before the bottom, leading to trippy effects where the apparent shape changes explained here: https://youtu.be/dNVtMmLlnoE. 

Your example video is similar, but might be better described at temporal aliasing, where the frame rate is near some multiple of the blade's rpm. The blade's shape isn't distorted but it's motion is.
I think slowmo plus the rolling shutters moving opposite each other contribute to the effect one sees in the video.
They are, and the lastest should be a wake up call more than anything else. When the political parties do a bad job, this happens. Also, even if he didn't win the popular vote, no small number of people DID vote for the current idiot.

I see it as a stress test of our nation's speration of powers and checks/balances. It's bending, maybe even buckling; there's significant damage, but hasn't fallen just yet.
From the video description, talking about the increase in synthetic materials: "think of them as frozen gasoline".
Wasn't she also American?
You just look for people you can relate to... You like girls she likes girls; you are pretty okay with being male, they start to consider trying it openly themselves.
Sounds ridiculous, but that's part of the reason people think airplane food is bland, it really isn't.
The half-penny was worth more when it was removed from circulation than dimes [are] today, FFS.
As someone whose about to graduate in the state, care to elaborate?
V1 is outdated, at least use v2.
Only works in counties with strict fire codes, outside the US it isn't always the case that doors open out. 

*looks at Eastern block*
That site has download links, am I missing something?
That sucks, but at least you don't owe an arm and a leg for your shoulder. My experience in clinics in Central/Eastern Europe was never super timely, heck they don't even schedule fixed appointments at the family doctors, but was always satisfactory and free/cheap. 

I had a dental filling get infected while I was traveling in Romania, and after stopping at a dentists I had the tooth drilled and some antibiotics prescribed and filled, all for something like $7.
I think I saw a dubbed version of that movie on Hungarian television. Does the group split up and the way back out collapse?
I actually started watching way back when he was the iBookGuy. He's great.
Do you ever feel like you have no idea what you're doing? The truth is adulthood is a lie and no one *really* knows what they're doing and we're all making it up as we go along.
For starters, you don't need to have kids yourself to have an influence on the gene pool. You'll have a fun time if you look into the "altruism gene". 

Although I myself will probably want kids, I see the argument of having an unbroken chain of ancestors who had kids as unconvincing at best, a logical fallacy at worst.
Singular they is the only safe way, screw English grammar! Language changes b*tches!
Also jumper cables. So many cars don't have jumper cables...
And WebAssembly is here/coming, that should make things better.
Or had a nosebleed. Fucking time travel.
Cases are changeable, either to change style/color, or if the case itself gets damaged, and no matter how durable a phone is replacing a scratched case is easier than a scratched backplate.
Did the men have mother's?
No worries, and Daughter is amazing. I stumbled onto them only a few months ago, but they've quickly become what I listen to most.
It's similar to Spanish Sahara, which had the same effect on me. Also, does your username mean waterfalls? That's really cool.
It's a powerful song.
It actually has a real keyboard!
Only the ship gives it away.
Nav Me, works on Android
You're right, no one should ever talk about a good exposure they've had with a product or service.
If it's math or something, Warren might be a year ahead. In my school district, roughly half the kids get out in a faster fifth grade math and are a year ahead of others from middle school on, and by highschool you have a lot of options for signing up for classes, almost as much as one has in college, but not quite. At any rate it's possible especially in electives to have mixed year students
Apparently not in baconreader
Singapore helped with Katrina, in addition to the right thing it's practice and a learning experience for when disasters strike at home and they need to react.
I wish the thumbnail not to look like a freakish clownface.
Electrical tape and a mechanical pencil.
This is a ballpark meterstick I conjured up in middle school, roughly ten years ago. It isn't all that helpful, but it's been surprising how consistently priced low end mac's have been.
What do you think has caused this? Are there more open source projects that capture the interest of talented people, or have games become less approachable (b/c complexity or locked down binaries), or do you think it might be something else entirely?
What got you started with modding?
My old go to was $1000 as the cheapest MacBook one can buy new, so he has a saving of ten MacBooks. It's less useful.
GNU Terry Pratchett
Ah yes, FAFSA.
IIRC Firefox has a checkbox to "allow DRM content" in it's settings. If you turn that off Netflix doesn't work.
People didn't expect brexit even more than they didn't expect the Spanish Inquisition. I guess the government became scared of democracy.
I actually had that happen with an app (WiGLE WiFi), you had to register an account online and pair the phone. I ended up sending a screenshot to myself and pulling it up on my old phone. It was really annoying.
The manual for a 2003-era PDA I found warned against using it in explosive atmospheres.
Teleport to morning
When else will you defrag your mind disk and pipe a screensaver to the visual cortex?
Hungarian notation gets a bad rap because when it was popularized it got misused. In it's original context it makes a lot of sense. https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2005/05/11/making-wrong-code-look-wrong/
Any opinion on Noto Mono?