Not to late, he has 7 min left 
Got anymore interior pics? It looks super good and I hope you finish it and it turns out how you imagined it. Good luck!
Get Bucky and out rocket in his arms now!
Definitely. And once they add spectate mode, then the game will be perfect (for me). And ofc fix the bugs cause It’s annoying. 
Missed opportunity: “I know I WOOD have” 
Ahh yes, the special bags or containers for special pieces. I always love opening up the small cardboard boxes that have the capes and string in them. 
I remember one of the race car sets had a box like this but was plastic. I guess going cardboard is cheaper but it would have been nice if it plastic
Yah didn’t realize this. We will probably need to go with finding one on a market place. Thank you for the help
The SE is to small for his eyes, so we probably need to save up for the 6s. I might just end up finding one on Facebook marketplace. Thank you though!
I have but he said it’s a really small phone for him. He’s gotten used to the bigger phones so we might just need to save up. Thanks for the suggestion though!
Hes on another meteor 
That sounds about right. What phone would you recommend then? I says he wants a phone that can last 2 years atleast 
He’s just like your dad then. He just uses it to take pictures on go on Facebook, nothing major. Thank you tho, think I’m going to go with that phone then
Yah I was thinking the same thing at first

One gold. One
And she somehow saw Chris Pratt from park and rec as starlord. She’s absolutely amazing at her job.
On mobile and getting this too
She should apply to work at a LEGO store! Sounds perfect for her. 
Grid, which is a game that uses iOS hardware to the max, is only 4gb. We shouldn’t expect fornite mobile to be any bigger than that
Hmm... that does make since. Guess we will have to wait now. 
The code length is 20 characters long, so guessing it correctly is close to impossible. Well played fortnite. But I’m guessing the code should be rolling out very soon due to them uploading this. I hope they send out codes in small waves, otherwise that website is dead. 
Nah, teacher let’s us charge our devices so it’s all good
My exact thought! I debated on getting a controller because I didn’t really have any games to use it with but now I’m probably going to get one soon
Omg thank you. Controls make a lot more sense now
It’s actually pretty cool because my pc can’t handle the game and I can play at school with friends now.
I can’t find that button, but the pickaxe button might actually be the build button. 
I couldn’t find a joy stick on the image from the trailer, so there might be one, or it’s an invisible joystick. But yah, the screen is very clustered
I know it sucks, but I hope you can understand the concept. Got the control placement from the trailer of the mobile game. This is just for the iPhone X, so small phones will be different , and probably harder to play. I hope you enjoy!

Fixed: switched aim and shoot button. Stupid mistake by me. But here is what I think that icon meant. Not sure if that bottom by the joystick is aim (with sniper) or something else. Sorry about that again.

Edit: yup. My phone autocorrected fortnite to for not. 
And yah I didn’t put in the other icons because I just wanted the controls on here. On the top left would be the materials for building and the time left. Also they may or may not be another botton on the bottom right, couldn’t make it out.
Yah I fix that. Didn’t realize how stupid it was till you guys mentioned it
I know it sucks, but I hope you can understand the concept. Got the control placement from the trailer of the mobile game. This is just for the iPhone X, so small phones will be different , and probably harder to play. I hope you enjoy!
I know it sucks, but I hope you can understand the concept. Got the control placement from the trailer of the mobile game. This is just for the iPhone X, so small phones will be different , and probably harder to play. I hope you enjoy!
What time did you sign up?
Did you see the trailer? Hell, April fools is 3 weeks away too
Maybe he hates that iPhones doesn’t lag after a year? Or the great customer service Apple has? Who knows 
Not in the beginning but they will add it soon after release. 
Class is going to be lit now
Welcome to reddit!
Servers down for the website. It’ll be back up in 90 min from now.
Oh man, thought they meant for the invites. Thanks for the clarification 
Oh mb on that. I thought they meant to invite. Thanks for the clarification 
They tweeted 35 mins ago so around 8:16 pst is when the maintenance started. 
Android can’t right now, they will be able to sign up in the coming months
Android will be able to play it in the coming months
No, mobile users can join a pc game but pc players can’t join a mobile game. 
True. They legit said in the email it’s coming in the coming months. Hella rip, some of my friends got android 
Yah I hear you. Updates are coming out in waves right now so it could be anytime now. Goodluck to you too man
Oh nice, I signed up just 20 min after you then. 

If you can’t then don’t worry about it. Goodluck man.
Can I see the email? It might be TestFlight but judging by the instructions it says it’ll pop up on the App Store. 

Also: what time did you sign up? 
Lol I remember doing this for Pokémon go and I never got a beta invite. BUT LEGIT 5 if my other friends got the code with only one email. Don’t risk it man, it’s not worth it.
Same! I’m just staying up till 12, if nothing then I’m setting an alarm for 4 am. Good luck man
[here is mine](https://imgur.com/gallery/8R0PU)

Got them from [here](http://www.idownloadblog.com/2018/01/14/vivid-colors-iphone-wallpaper-pack/)
Teen titans original was the absolute best.  Sometimes I rewatch the whole thing. So many great lessons. 
Oh shit, my Morse coded username translates to yes, does that count?
Exactly! It makes me wonder why unbox therapy has so much more subs, it’s ridiculous. 
Looks like Conan’s hair
I’m still waiting for my pup to grow out of the “chew on owners hand every chance I get” phase 
-_- 

Jk, but yah I actually do😅. They are slowly adjusting so it’s cool now. If they fall out it usually falls into my hoodie 
Ahhh, so that’s what was on my AirPod case. I was so confused. Thanks for this.
Thanks! Will give them a try, I might be in desperate need of these
So I’m looking for this hoodie that one of the youtubers I watch wears. I’ve tried contacting him about the hoodie but so far nothing. It’s basically a gray hoodie with red and blue strips around the sleeves. I’m just hoping someone knows something about it. Thank you guys!
Yah they are pretty slippery. But they look hella clean so it evens out
And they work with the charging case? Mind sharing a link?
Are you building this for those LEGO competitions or exhibits I always see on YouTube? Or just for fun? Either way, it looks hella dope (and expensive). Can’t wait to see the finish build!!
I thought it just turned on when he lifted it(lift to wake) or turned the phone on. 

Why not both tho? Have a finger print sensor on the back and then just have a in-screen sensor on the front, maybe just bottom half of the phone.
I’ve always wanted to be part of one of these 

Edit; oops 
WOAH you had an had version of Calvin and Hobbes this whole time and didn’t share with us! Nah I’m jk, but thank you so much. I’ve been looking forever since I got the x. 
When I heard hin talking about the Star Wars franchise but said Disney hasn’t contacted him yet
Got mine less than 24 hours ago and they are dirty af. Rip
[Like something like this?](https://twitter.com/MKBHD/status/837727947096129538?s=20) not sure what iphone you have but this should work. If you want climbers and stuff you might need to make it yourself. 
Np. [Here is where I got them](http://www.idownloadblog.com/2018/01/14/vivid-colors-iphone-wallpaper-pack/) , maybe you’ll like these ones too
https://imgur.com/gallery/yPFsH
Oddly specific....
Oh yah that makes since. Hopefully they stop doing it then. 
Yah. it’s pretty silly when they try it. Doesn’t the microphone turn off when a video or audio play? 
I remember there was an ad (maybe Burger King?) that said “hey Alexa, search ________” and it activated Alexa. Then there was a similar ad but for hey google. So maybe the youtubers think it works for Siri. 
Maybe the beats x? I used them for a few months and they are pretty light on the ears because of the necklace part. Great battery life, but they aren’t water resistant (from what I heard) but if the completely wireless feature is what you want, check [mkbhd’s video](https://youtu.be/A4EKZRlpcIM) on the best wireless headphones, and yes it’s meant for android phones but ita still good for iPhones. Hope you find something you like!
Yah that sounds like apple. I just thought that because they had it for the iPad had multitask that iPhone would get it soon. 
Honestly could have thought this was a real apple ad, well done.

I do hope they add multi screen or picture in picture in iOS 12. iPhone X has the screen space.
Haha thanks! Usually people ask me if it’s Morse code so I respond with my username. It translates to “yes”
I believe they even let you meet in the police station, which would probably be the safest. If not, meeting in front of a bank if good because of cameras. But op should check if they work correct too.
Yah I tried the beta for a day and instantly went back. It’s awful. How can I check to make sure auto update is not on?
Shit, I thought it was -two sound- adorable, because there are two earbuds
The millennium falcon looks fresh. HYPEE
I wish instead of a challenge, they just put it into ladder 2v2 for the weekend. Would be way more fun.
Would be cool if they got ride of the buttons and replaced them with a squeeze functions. But they will probably ditch the charging port. 
The Samsung s9 is being announced next month so I’d suggest you’d wait to see what they have. 
Maybe for the jobs , add some building like offices. The pollution is awful. Also, maybe add a x2 button to make the city sort of run faster, and also a pause button cause sometimes my city is losing money and I don’t know what to do. 

Always, absolutely love the game, most fun I’ve had on a phone with games. This for sure will be a hit on the App Store, so I’m thankful you gave me and others the ability to test the game. 
I thought a cool way to make the limit of how far you can build is to just make the whole platform an island 
I believe 4-6 hours after I took the survey
You probably need to unlock him first
[he](https://twitter.com/pocketcitygame/status/946208622610173954) twitted this earlier. Guessing alpha will be out next year. There will be a free version with ads and a paid version($5) without the ads. 
Maybe just add the pattern on it, without the hook
It may be true. The only way to find out is to find a laggy phone with the latest iOS and replace the battery. I’m just wondering what this will lead to, or if apple is going to do something about it.
People are actually saying it’s in the iOS updates. They stated that they don’t update the phone to the latest iOS and it works perfectly, but once they are forced to update, the phone start to get slow
I [knew](https://imgur.com/gallery/KvkWm) this would come in handy one day.

Honestly though, as long as you’re happy with the phone and it does what you need, then cool. If you want to share your opinions on the phone with others, cool. But don’t bash or force your opinions on others. It’s really just a phone.
My god level 41 already? How many are there? I’m around level 18 I believe and it’s tough. It is very fun however, just what I was lookin for in an offline game. 
Don’t have an Apple Watch ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Said this in another comment, but I don’t use the weather app much. Been using the stock weather app that came with a phone or simply googled the weather since the beginning. But since you guys are praising it so much, maybe I am missing something. So I’m going to get it and try it out, but I’m just glad to support the dev. Thanks for the info tho! I’ll use it in the future for sure now
All good. Just wanted to see before I bought. Made that mistake to many times now. But I’m looking forward to using the app then. Thanks!
Got the phone for $700 actually. And I’m actually ok with the stock wether app. I’m not much of a person who checks the weather app every 5 min or wonders when it will stop raining, heck I probably check once a week to see if it will rain at all. So I don’t really want to spend money on apps that give don’t give me much benefit. I may consider however to support the dev which would probably be the only reason.

Thanks for the help though? Not sure what you were trying to get at....
Never had star bucks
I’d love to buy the app but $5 is a bit much for me. Will the app go on sale for x mas? 
Pretty much a bridge building game but with portals, and you need to get a certain number (or all) objects from point A to point B using the materials they give you. [this is the trailer for the game](https://youtu.be/ncQ6wsPtsvs)
Never heard of that before. But let me know what happens. Been looking forward to this game and can’t wait. Thank!
11.2.1 actually 
Did I get baited? It’s not out yet for me. I’m in the US
Ever since I played city skylines, I fell in love with these city management games. Once I heard this game, I knew it would be perfect. Hopefully alpha will come soon. Would be awesome to play while on vacation (long road or plane trips).
I already know I’m going to lose those gem pieces
Yes! Pls
r/clashroyale is one of the biggest. Still growing 
I read that everyone has at least 7 people in the world that look exactly like them. Pretty cool
Funny. I haven’t even used the charging port in 3 weeks now
Had a cr-10 too, I didn’t have to do much maintenance but it is good practice. Any 3D printer will need maintenance but if he really wants to know the printer, he should get a kit first. 
Loving [this one](https://imgur.com/gallery/5ptf9) I also need to find gift wrapping paper of this too. 
So should I be worried?
Test
#
Favorite memory was when you guys added the clan chest for the first time. When you guys added it, all my friends got together to help the clan and it was awesome. Everyone was happy and having fun for once. Thanks and good luck to everyone!
Thanks you! I will certainly check it out. 
This. They could put ads in the game but they don’t. Because of that they still need money to function. Just be thankful 
Still shows slight lag when switching. Rip
Thanks man! Good luck to you too! Hopefully the job you find is a job you enjoy doing as well. 
Haha thanks. I just haven’t been getting much calls for interviews and I’m thinking it’s my resume. I haven’t really done much which is my fault and don’t want to lie on them. Also: need practice taken interviews. I think I get to nervous and end up just saying random stuff
At least you guys got a job. I’m in hs trying to find one but didn’t realize it was so hard.
After
Truth is no one knows and people should stop asking
Considering how low leveled the rest of my cards are, I probably don’t have a choice
Yah that’s probably true. I believe club penguin did this when they released the app
Same! The black bars have been bothering the hell out of me! It’s funny that I’m more hyped about the the screen fix then the other updates.
Or use it as much as possible before the balance changes
Me too. Maybe op is not in arena 10?
6 hours ago was still today so....
[here](https://mobile.twitter.com/ClashRoyale/status/940155839939268609)
What? Sc just confirmed it’s today
Nice! $30 over here. Sucks
Naw, that one is to bait new people into thinking they have such a good chance at getting a legendary 
Loving it. Charges my iPhone X fast. It does have slight grip so the phone won’t fall off, which is great if you plan on facing one in your car. Doesn’t come with a adapter so I’ve been using a Samsung adapter. 
Not rubber. It can be slippery at time with a lose grip, but not as slippery as the phone itself. But I’ve dropped it from waist height two times on a hard wood floor and it was all good

Edit: words
Been using [this one](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B074CMZJMN/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_oE6kAbZX96SNF). I do wish someone made a “portless” case. I haven’t used the charging port in two weeks.
 [Wireless charger](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01KJL4XNY?ref=yo_pop_ma_swf) and wireless earphones (beats x). A portless case would look nice. 
And that’s why he was my first card to max out
Oh nice. I’ve just been using nova and got skin packs. Android customization is the best. 
A few things I miss from android ( google pixel )

-customization: being able to customize the home screen was really awesome and easy. 

-default apps: I hate having to open links in safari all the time. I liked opening a link in the Amazon app or Instagram, it was nice

-notification bar on top: being able to see if I have any notifications or What time it is by swiping down just a little instead of all the way is nice. I play a bunch of games , so when I have to check the time, I pull down the notification bar or control center and it restarts my games. Very annoying.

-google assistant: Siri sucks. The only thing I found more helpful from Siri than google assistant is I can ask her what song is playing. Google took forever to add that. Other than that, siri sucks.

-most of all, split screen / picture in picture: it was super helpful and nice on android. Apple is stubborn to add helpful stuff that android already added. But Being able to watch my show while playing my games all on one screen, felt like the dream.


Because they weren’t in the previous one I believe 
Must have autocorrected. Fixed
Was pewds even in it? 

I was surprised smosh was in it again, and very surprised that mkbhd was in it. 
Wow that’s a lot. I’ve only accidentally taken a screenshot once, and sadly it was on Snapchat. 
Well that’s awesome I guess. I’ll be restarting now :|]
Guess I’ll be restarting my phone every other day then. Thanks again!
Let me know what happens. Also, is it good to restart everyone in awhile? I haven’t really restarted my phone (iPhone X) in a few weeks. Thanks again!!
Clever :] but I believe restarting the phone will still keep the tabs open. I read that closing them and re opening them uses more battery anyways so all is good. Time to get used to it d:
I just close them when I go to sleep and let the phone charge
Have you tried r/iOSgaming ?
Just wondering, but is the reason for good battery life because of how little ram it has? 
Here is [my setup](https://imgur.com/gallery/fzqfB) always loved colorful wallpapers that show off the notch. Also hate folders
Your theory sounds pretty spot on. But it sucks. Hopefully google does something about it.
Do you actually get surveys? I’ve had that thing for a few months on my android phone and got maybe 2 surveys. Thought i would get more (maybe 3 at least) on the iPhone, but it’s been a week and still haven’t gotten anything.
Oh man, I remember seeing that movie for the first time. When they showed cap, the whole audience started clapping, and I honestly didn’t mind. I wouldn’t mind if it happened again during Infinity War. HYPE
Gotcha
Yah it doesn’t hurt. Really hope you like it, awesome app
Loving it. Using it is was very confusing at first, since I used the mobile website of reddit on Android for a few years, but it’s super fun to use. Having multiple ways to upvote a post and switch between light and dark mode super fast is awesome. 
Organized [mine](https://imgur.com/gallery/NrLg0) by columns. Never really liked folders
If it did, is there no way I can try and get the app with maybe a vpn to change my location?
Oh ok. Thanks, I thought it was like Android where you’d never know if there would be a big update or not. But thanks!
Oh really? Well dang, guess the only way now it to recorded it with another phone 
New to the iOS environment, so not caught up with everything. Is iOS 12 close to be released?
I came from android and they had something similar to this on the spacebar. 3D Touch is super useful though. If you want to know all the 3D Touch features, they are [here](https://reddit.com/r/iphone/comments/5p783m/all_3d_force_touch_features_on_iphone/)

Edit: words
Yah it notifies them. What’s weird is you can just use the screen recorder to get that image from Snapchat and they wouldn’t know, but people still screenshot and hope to get away with it
Yah I told them I got a new phone and still learning but of course they didn’t believe me. I just ended up ignoring them. Not worth the trouble 
Yah I got silver too and very pleased. The screen is absolutely magnificent. Apple really outdid themselves 
I’ve only had the problem when using the volume button. Sadly took a screenshot while on Snapchat 
Oh same with me. Pretty much 80% of my school is apple, so I don’t get much “wow you spent that much on a phone” but I get a lot of “dang, the phone is absolutely beautiful” which is cool I guess. Two other people have the phone too, but agreed as I haven’t seen much. 
I’ve seen those “floating” display pads that just use magnets. I wonder if it would work here....
Is it really that annoying? I really like it and wish all my apps supported it. 
Actual it's not required on the device anymore. Obama passed a law saying it wasn't required. Sadly, some countries still require this to be on there.
I wouldn't mind if it doesn't. But I'd be impressed if it does, since some games (clash Royale) and even some apps (Gmail) doesn't even support it yet. and thanks! Super glad your doing this!
Been using [this](https://imgur.com/gallery/ezOxf) one lately. I'd use one of those AMOLED backgrounds but I just love showing off that notch 
Would you mind informing me on what the game is about exactly? 
Gotta agree. I actually like the notch and kinda hope they don't remove it. It just gives the phone character
Love that widget! I was on Android a month ago I couldn't see my battery for my beats x, but now I can and it's so helpful! 
Yah it seems most of the apps updated pretty fast.
[here](https://imgur.com/gallery/ezOxf) you go
This is [mine](https://imgur.com/gallery/N5iTs)
Would you mind adding me to the list(iOS)? Ive only done beta test on Pokemon go, but I can ashore you I'd give lots of feedback! If not it's all good, I've been super interested in these types of games and currently your game sounds perfect. Goodluck to you guys!
I'm coming from Android and I thought having to use my face Everytime to download an app would be annoying, but it's so satisfying and actually fun for some reason. Makes me wanna download apps that I probably won't use 
Ok now that I know this, I need to visit it! 
Try r/apple of course not all of it will be iPhones but there shouldn't be to many "look what I got" post 
Sadly yes
But it's lego!
Been loving this one 
https://i.imgur.com/WdYMiB2.jpg

Because iOS doesn't continue to run them, correct? Sorry, I'm coming from Android, and I'm very used to closing the app constantly 
Why is this so perfect. This is the best one yet!
I really wish they had some good live wallpapers like the pixel.
The only bumper cases I know of is rhinoshield. It will protect your phone regardless, but taking the case off can be a struggle. 

There is a new bumper case coming out by dbrand called the dbrand grip. It looks like it'll protect the phone, but isn't out yet. Good luck!
Sucks because I can't leave my clan open for even a second. The last time I left the clan open, we have 5 scammers in 10 mins. It's annoying 
There are some really good ones on r/Amoledbackgrounds too
Yah I might end up going down that path. Thanks!
I really want to get a rhino shield but I'm owrred about the glass ass it's exposed. And I don't want to get a clear mod because it'll turn yellow in a few months. 
It was because Obama passed a law saying this didn't need to be printed on the back of phones or something anymore. In some countries they still need those text. But I agree, it looks pretty damn beautiful!
I heard they just updated the YouTube app and it doesn't eat up as much battery anymore
Looks like it my luck just changed. My shipping date moved to today (11/13). To bad I paid for 7 day shipping. Thanks again!
Yah December seems very unlikely for shipment. Mine is supposed to ship on 11/18-11/27. But I've been hearing all these people saying they got it shipped before the expected shipping date. I think I'm just super impatient when it comes to getting a new phone. Thanks though! 
Well dang, congrats on such a short shipping time. Gives me hope my status will change soon. 
Can agree with you. The s8 is nice, but the curve on the screen can be annoying to me. But I guess it's just personal preference for some
When checking the status of the order, how long was it in processing?
I want to get those clear back cases, but I'm worried on how fast it will turn yellow. 
Well dang. Is there a good 3rd party app?
r/amoledbackgrounds should be a good place. Hope it helps
What screen protector are you guys using? I can't find a good one on Amazon so far. Thanks
Link please?
Oh man. I'm switching from Android too. I really hope I can get used to Siri 
Same boat as you, I'm using s pixel (non xl) right now, but I'm planning on switching soon. 

I only hope that apple fixes the notification system soon, or I can get used to it. And since I'm coming from the pixel, I really hope the iPhone will be just as smooth as it. Good luck to you!
So far, it's just guesses on what the s9 will have. Mostly the underscreen finger print reader. I've been hearing they will add attachments like Moto mods. 
Yah there a a bunch of Easter eggs from tons of movies. Some I found are " who shot first?" And "beam me up Scotty" I remember seeing a post that had every single (or atleast a lot) of all these Easter eggs but haven't been able to find it since. 
Agreed, but the volume and power button would need to be on the same side as well. And of course any extra buttons.
Well dang. I was expecting tomorrow but I guess not. Still hyped! 
When was the phone being announced/released?
Now that is what Razer should have made with the new phone. But I'm still wondering what games would be perfect for this?
Google pixel user here, you'll have to live that unfortunately. I believe in 8.1 they allow you to turn off the notification, but until then, it's just there.
Wondering the same. Will clash royale look better now? I'm guessing the 120 hz will be nice when watching movies and videos on the phone. 
Since htc made a "transparent" back, I really hope Samsung decided to make one aswell. Even if you can only see the wireless charger, it's pretty cool 
I understand the phone is super fast, but what games would you even play on it? I'm not a gamer, so I'm just wondering what games would be perfect for the phone.