Clay is barely used by tyrod. If we drafted Howard I'd eat a goldfish that's how unlikely that puck wood be. A reach for us would be someone like peppers , or any other lower tier cb
Ya I'm not a huge fan of Mike Williams either. He would be great in the second round, but I think he will go in the first due to the weak class. 
Ya I'd like to draft maybe a wr/ cb depending on what we do with Stephon Gilmore
It's a lot easier especially with group chats to have all iPhones. Also I have unlimited data but not messsages, so iMessages don't count against my total message count for the month .
Imessage, which is singlehandedly stopping me from switching. It makes texting people I know with iPhones(pretty much everyone) much easier
He uses alien blue and flairs don't show on the app
Also the bills didn't have shady last time. Plus the possibility of Watkins returning makes this a very interesting matchup
No superstar Lebron has ever had has even come close to the combination of Shaq and Kobe .
Give Lebron another superstar like Kobe had with Shaq and he is unstoppable. Lebron has passed Kobe all time a long time ago.
Im not gonna say the offsides play because in my opinion Sherman meant no harm to Carpenter. I don't feel like looking up an exact video but that final play comes to mind. That block Sherman did on Powell was completely legal. However was it necessary ,no.
I'm not a fan of trump but honestly it's better getting him than Hillary. Trump is all for the decision to be left with the state. Hillary was actually opposed to it being legal at all.
Dirty plays were coming from both sides it was a chippy game 
I wouldn't say he's defiantly nat a dirty player Sherman has done a lot of questionable things on the field there were even a couple examples this game 
Legal or not it's still a cheap shot to Powell who wasn't even looking at the quarterback or attempting to block
https://twitter.com/cover1bills/status/795850386406047744
I don't need sound to know this was dirty
HOW WAS THAT NOT A ROUGHING THE KICKER????
All those claims though are without evidence to back them up ?
Not trying to argue here and just genuinely curious. What has Trump done that is criminal?
Garrison Sanborn is Cleary top 5 he's so good you've probably never heard of him
No after the documentary they got rid of the supersize me option
Ya however he still had jordy Nelson and Davonte Adams on the field for most of the game. Along with being one of the most physically gifted qb's ever
Bill Bellichek to I guess
Ya our offense wasn't what was winning us games that year 
Hi Yaroslav after playing in the NBA and overseas what would you say is he biggest difference in play style between the two ?
Seems like maybe someone higher up is pressuring Bowles because even after another bad game Fitz still had his support.
No Lamars only a sophomore so he can't declare till next year
I guess it could be temporary, but it wouldn't make sense to pipe something temporarily just to come back and do it right later
Any recommendation on another good basketball documentary 
That would seem the case for Tim Caine, but Bernie may just have been out of spite 
Harry Reid was the one. Tim Caine and Bernie Sanders decided not to vote which is why it's not 100 votes 
I'd be fine without it honestly just threw it in because I enjoy driving stick 
Location:Upstate,New York

Price Range: 5000-8000

Used

Must Have: 4 wheel drive, stick shift would be preferred but not necessary 

Intended Use:Daily Driver

Vehicles I've Considered: Jeep Patriot, Volkswagen Passat, Jeep Grand Cherokee, Honda CR-V 

Not my first vehicle

Warranty: not needed

Can I do minor work : yes

Other notes: I do a lot of driving so good gas mileage would be nice

Can I do major work : No


I can't tell if this is sarcastic or not
Our late round draft in has been pretty good compared to other teams. It's only the first round that hasn't been so stellar.
Figured I'd let you know that you rated Jerome Felton for the Bills under fullbacks when he wasn't even on the team week 1. We still had Glenn Gronkowski.
Just traded desean Jackson for him and I still can't believe the guy accepted it
In all seriousness this shows that the legend garrison Sanborn has still got it
Move the sticks is my personal favorite both have been heavily involved in football before and they provide great analysis with less jokes and kidding around that you get with Dameshek and around the nfl
People here tend to rate Malcolm butler extremely high when honestly he's mostly known for that one play
Seymour is eligible to stay on the practice squad 
I think your missing the point he changed his name to honor his mother along with stopping his stepmother from leaching off of his name. He stated that after she was married his stepmother changed all of her kids last names to robey to leach off of his success.
The school under Coppola has even less discipline in my opinion. He lacks the fear that Beck put into the students and Coppola tries to hard to be friends with everyone .
I would argue that the current administration is even worse. The school lacks the same discipline that they had under Beck. 
Thats fair especially because the players vote them in
I don't know if he was arrested in Buffalo, but we actually don't have uber here yet
Andrew Luck made it though ?
Insulation really won't prevent anything from freezing.  The point of insulation is to keep water cold or hot for longer or to allow the pipes not to condensate. 
Is there any specific reason you used purple primer and not clear? It looked like you were careful because purple primer can make a big mess 
Why are you so low on Watkins?. He should defiantly be higher than Landry, Evans, and Thonas .
He's talking about before the merger. The Bills won the AFC championship twice in the 60's I believe
No he's barely been able to stay healthy for a season. Chances are he won't even make the roster this year.
Great job adding on I just started with draft analysis and your write up is a good example
They did offer Schwartz the job he just declined knowing that Rex would ultimately have control
I can do the bills write up if it's still available
Oops sorry I was typing quickly on mobile and don't notice that, but you seem pretty educated on this how serious is this for for Paladino?
Because Odell isn't just a diva he plays dirty and gets away with it most of the time.
I want to hate this draft but I can't your picks make really good sense it's just way different than any other bills mock I've seen nice draft
I feel the same way too the only way I'd spend a second however is if a receiver like doctson or Micheal Thomas slid, but I doubt that would happen
I agree 100% but think we should get a receiver maybe 2nd or 3rd round 
Not only that he may have had the worst offensive line in college football after O'Brien left
You didn't watch many PSU games did you ?
If you watched Penn State games his O-line was absolutely the worst I've ever seen. He was having to throw it away against 3 man rushes because they went right through the O-line. He has shown a great ability to break down plays and change them at the line of scrimmage. The one thing in my opinion he needs help with is accuracy, but an overall solid qb 
Major props for rugby one of my favorite sports to watch too
If I had 1300$ to spend what laptop would you recommend which could run this game? Thanks 
Worse Wr corps but a better quarterback. If we want Tyrod to succeed he needs weapons and even Whaley stated we were looking for a receiver in the draft http://m.buffalobills.com/news/article-1/WR-size-not-easy-to-find-in-this-years-draft-class/c11e138f-f5fd-4997-bf13-6fef2ff57810
Because Watkins really has no #2 WR. Woods was decent last year but it's an area we need major improvement
Thanks for the response. So basically I need a gaming laptop to play ?
I liked all the picks besides Drafting a TE or RB. We have bigger areas of need than TE and RB is the strongest position on our team. I would rather see a WR and QB in both those picks but besides that great draft
Your 100% right he stopped him but the tackle was still terrible form
Sammy Watkins, if he can stay healthy he undoubtedly will be a top 10 receiver in the nfl
Great write up but the draft for the bills was lacking. No chance the bills drafte 3 Defensive ends a NT. Also we have no need for cornerback either. Are biggest need right now is linebacker we have no solid starters and will likely address that in the third or fourth round. Other positions to consider Qb and Wr
I'm pretty new how do you move up in ranked play ?
I honestly think Bosa is overhyped. When Spence was injured his sacks dropped considerably. Granted he was getting doubled at the line but still for someone being thrown around as top 5 pick I think he should have appeared more dominate when Spence was injured
I seem to have an unpopular opinion that we draft someone like Spence who can play well as a linebacker or defensive end 
Of rather have almost anyone than jones. He has a strong arm but really isn't accurate. Also he's really never been consistent since the end of last year when he won the National championship 
Bills

3-4 OLB

Defensive end

Offensive line

Wide receiver 

Safety

People are forgetting that the bills still have Jerry Hughes, Dareus, and Kyle Williams on our Defensive line, but have practically no one at the linebacker position after Bradham left
No chance the bills draft D line the first two picks without drafting an OLB. Our linebacker core is practically a bunch of no names after losing Nigel bradham. 
I don't know about the hands part he had a crazy high drop percentage like 8% which was 6th or 7th worst in the league 
Actually Hogan is older than you think I have always considered him young but he's actually 27. Not old but still not really young
I get the appeal of drafting Nkendiche but I think we have bigger needs. 
Ya Garret Grayson has definitely been better than Jameis this year /s
Can somebody help me out and explain base salary, how is this different than his normal salary
Mario Williams played in a 3-4 this year not 4-3
Richie incognito just got signed to a 3 year deal 
What makes you think this ? They never seemed to have a problem in Buffalo 
Blial Powell to the Bills how does that make any sense ? We already have Shady, Karlos Williams, and Gilislee who looked impressive at the end of the year.
Mario Williams is definitely not the best past rusher in the league
Nice draft, but as for the Bills I doubt they would go through the whole draft without addressing some of the offensive line concerns unless we get someone in free agency. Also I don't think Corey Coleman is the type of receiver Doug Whaley is looking for, he said that the Bills were looking for a taller big body deep threat and then we could use woods primarily in the slot. Besides that love the draft 
Wow great draft for the Bills best one I have seen yet
Bills don't have a huge need at DT 
I really don't think anyone knows honestly. Unless one of the people who work on the game want to comment I don't think you'll find an answer
The Bills are probably going to wait later in the draft for O-line help and we won't go guard. We drafted John Miller last year who looked promising at times and Richie Incognito was one of the top guards in the league. In the second we will most likely go wide receiver or linebacker because we need a steady wr2 and a linebacker to start.
Watched Pitt a lot this year and he is extremely versatile. I'm surprised that alone doesn't get him more hype 
Nobody knows

Honestly hasn't looked that good since he came back just the last three games. The panthers game he was pulled and the next two games let a total of 9 in
I don't know about that guy I work with gets about 4 largest a day from Tim hortons and gets a lot of cream and sugar
How much should I list him for
Why I just got him too ???
I like the WR pick in round two but I doubt the Bills would draft Will Fuller. Doug Whaley came out and said that we would look to draft a tall big body receiver and Will Fuller is probably smaller than what the bills are looking for. Besides that love the draft
If you have cable and ESPN download watch ESPN. They just got the right to broadcast super rugby, it may not be six nations but better than nothing 
He may be talking about right when he came back. That game against the panthers he let in a couple soft goals.
Bills fans have been hearing this forever now 
Conventions?
Love the mock for the Bills. Especially taking Severin over sterling Shepard.
It still says the postal code is invalid 
What's a Canadian postal code I could put in 
Not a fire hydrant they don't "explode" when they are taken of by a car or something they sheer of by a sheer pin. Also fire hydrants usually aren't inside of trees.
First time I've seen the bills picking treadwell 
He most likely would rip the drywall also 
Gained a fan
No it was consistent just consistently bad 
I don't know if you can put Tyrod in that category the Bills defense this year was actually pretty bad
Isn't gilmores contract up this year to if I'm not mistaken 
Jesus everyone is crucifying him he didn't find it more important the guy just overslept. Just cause he is a professional hockey player doesn't mean he can't have fun
Overrated yes probably but all I'm trying to say is that our defense will get better maybe not the best in the league or close but in another year or two we will be at least in the top ten. Also I'm not the biggest Rex fan in the world either just saying everyone shouldn't lose hope after his first year.
Perriman is a beast in cfm. How much have you upgraded him ?
Well yes mostly because his first year they were first in overall defense. That dominance is hard to uphold. Throughout his time at the jets they only dropped out of top ten in overall defense once( they were 11th) in 2013 which was actually the first year they did not have Revis so some drop is expected but it wasn't drastic at all. All in all he has an impressive defensive record and I wouldn't lose all hope yet 
When Rex became our head coach he came with his defense. That is a 3-4 style which is not what the bills used the year before which was a 4-3. A 3-4 style defense takes a few years to have the personnel to be successful. Unlike the jets who were already running a similar style under Bob Sutton the year before Rex came. That's why the Jets were so dominant the first year. 

TLDR: Rex's defense takes time to get the right personal. Don't lose all hope.
There is no way the bills are going to draft a DT, De, and edge rusher before drafting linebacker unless we get one through free agency that's our biggest need
Just hockey in general not a specific team 
Good contest by both of them 
One hundred percent agree the 30 mph slows my commute incredibly 
He defiantly got a lot better as the year went on. Near the end of the year he was basically shutdown, but I wish Darby won cause I'm a bills fan either way they both were deserving of the award
Marcus Peters is going to win but he wasn't "the most Dominant rookie by far". Leonard Williams and Ronald Darby are a few who should be pretty close in voting.
I doubt the bills would go three rounds without drafting a linebacker unless we pick one up through free agency. That was our biggest need this year.
Ej is doing great though /s
Ya Aaron Rodgers screwed me when he got 12 points in week 15.
I don't know if I should trust this
Id like to join and stay 
I don't get why your getting down voted, she is not bad but in all honesty she really should slim down its like people get mad when you say something offensive.
Chip actually is a good coach but in my opinion just a bad gm 
I know we probably won't but I'd rather draft a line backer at 19 we have a more immediate need imo 
The Bills are gonna drop Mario before the draft and most likely not draft a DT in the first round because we are set for another year with Kyle Williams. We most likely will go OT or linebacker because of an immediate need in those positions. Just my thought on the situation 
I actually think the dolphins did ask Jim Schwartz to be DC and he declined earlier in the year
In my opinion if peters wins DROY it's based off of the picks which are defiantly important but make people forget to look at how he is in coverage. He takes a lot of risks which pay off sometimes but it can also lead to a lot of yards and touchdowns.
I don't know what's going on either
Darby was injured the last two games 
Your actually very pretty and have a nice body to idk where the the votes are coming from but you have no reason to worry 
He's not "by far" the leader last I checked Ronald Darby only had a few less targets and had much better stats 
Can you post a full body picture it would help if we can see the full picture
/r/vainglorygame is the one he's talking about 
I agree 
Well considering our defense fell from 4th to 20th we will most likely be going defense. Also Kyle Williams is getting older and we could really benefit from getting his replacement. Lastly we switched to a 3-4 style defense without any above average linebackers. Also Sammy Watkins had his best year yet and Robert woods has been a decent wr2. We might go wr later but definitely not first round 
No chance bills take a wr they are going to focus mainly on defense and offensive line talent 
Yes
I love Ej
You're really not that bad but maybe your problem with being approached is because you look much older than 16 
Ya no matter how mediocre the top qb is teams who really need one will usually take a shot i.e. Ej Manuel
I agree as a bills fan I really don't have much hope until he is no longer our coach
Yes but he's still going to go for what the coach needs. I don't know how staunch he is with BPA he did draft ej 
Thanks 
I could see the qb one except for Goff I don't think all the teams in need of a qb would pass up on him 
I doubt he would go undrafted just based on a name basis 
He allegedly said this apparently bouncers will tell the police this to get a quicker response. Either way he was still getting in fights
I wish the bills were getting a new coach :(
What exactly is it though is it a formation, a play style,etc?
I don't think Bills are going to go OT first round. Even though it's defiantly a need Rex is going to go all in on defense. First round he's probably going to draft a linebacker or a DE/DT 
Ya but this ones different the bills have big injuries at key spots especially on the defense
Ya such a drop off this year from last year, and we have a ton of injuries right now m. I'm not very optimistic of this game 
Honestly your not bad if you got your eyebrows done, maybe got a new style( based off that last picture), and naybe go to the gym just to tone up( this ones not that huge) you'd be pretty good looking 
Ya I'm definitely new to modifying cars. Thanks for the advice I'll defiantly use some of your advice .
Ok thanks for the help
Ok thanks for the help
Ya thanks I didn't realize that and can't change the title on mobile. So it's really not worth buying one ?
Oops meant to say tj, and really no noticeable difference whys that ?
I'm from the same town he is and everything I heard about from when he was in high school was bad too. The only reason he went to the highs school he did was because of character issues he wasn't allowed on his hometowns football team anymore so he moved. He was on the news again maybe 6 months ago for getting in bar fights to. He just seems like he'm has huge character issues and is defiantly a risk to draft
A lot has come out this year to that he has "changed" which I don't know how true that is. As for his performance this year he was the top performing qb in the sec based on just stats and even ended up breaking some ole miss records. He has a lot to work on though he throws all lot of picks which comes from staring down his receiver. The biggest question though is still his character.
I believe he is a very good cb even though his stats somewhat say otherwise. However I just think there are some more deserving candidates 
Sure, No one can say peters hasn't been good especially with such a huge number of interceptions, but he hasn't been as good in coverage as many think. So far he's allowed 7 touchdowns this season which is fourth worst in the nfl. Also he's allowed 902 yards in coverage so far. This is second worst in the nfl. That's why in my opinion he's been good but doesn't deserve to earn DROY.
I agree with that too but I have the unpopular opinion that peters really isn't as good as people think. I mean besides interceptions he's been port in coverage and bad in the red zone if take Darby or L. Williams over him
Leonard Williams shouldn't even be considered a candidate for DROY either Marcus peters, Ronald Darby, or Demarious Randle 
Water cookies 
I lost all hope after this game terrible coaching 
Many people get plane tickets to turkey and go to Iraq and Syria from there 
I used it up until Apple Music was introduced. The app was lacking a lot, but they defintly had one of the larger selections when it came to music
Mr Jump it's really fun when you are bored
The person I was arguing with said top 50 also. Just wondering what are your reasons for having him so low ?
During last winter buffalo got six inches an hour in some spots.
That's what I was thinking but it's just weird that both of them are projected less points than their counterpart not that projections matter that much
2 questions both standard leagues 6 point touchdowns 1 point for every 10 yards 
 
Antonio Gates or Eric Decker 
 
Allen Robinson or Carlos Hyde

Thanks 
10 man standard scoring. I would be giving Carlos Hyde and Davante Adams for Todd Gurley 
10 man standard scoring. I would be trading Julian Edelman and receiving brandin cooks and latavius Murray ?
Verizon
My highschool played him and he use to kill us every time
10 man standard scoring 
Lesean McCoy and Eric decker for Cj Anderson and Todd gurley?
Go to settings then click on general now scroll all the way down and see if there's a tab called device management if there is then click on it and it should say what profile the school has on the iPad, but if there is no device management then go right ahead and jailbreak the school can't see what your doing 
Where I live if you donate plasma once a month you'll get paid 500$ 
Haha no but seriously I'm just wondering if there is a way i could get around it or I'm i pretty much screwed till I'm 18 and can legally get my own plan
The official and more active vainglory subreditt is /r/vainglorygame 
More for shorter distances like 40 yd dash.
New Zealand has almost always been dominant at rugby to. 
http://imgur.com/863bbvo here's my patio
I got the same thing 
Did you go to north ?
They are the same vape quality just the crafty uses an app to set the standard and booster temp while the mighty has a led screen. Also battery life is greater on the mighty 
Crafty works fine for both herb and concentrate 
How do you actually use customfoldericons I got it and I have no idea to get the icon you have ?
I'm honestly not sold Marriota will start, Mettennerger was pretty impressive in the last few games.
Your my hero thank you 
Like 2 or 3 weeks ago maybe 4 
Can you share your coono settings ?
Ls syndrome late 
Hideme8 made the Groovylock disappear 
I tried using hideme8 and springtomize but it made the Groovylock disappear 
How do I take that though and make it a theme for groovy lock ? I have been trying to do this forever
What are your settings for boxy 2 ?
If you put hydrogen peroxide in your mouth and swig it around like mouthwash and spit it back out it actually will whiten your teeth a little.
Once it's there how do I set it as my theme though ?
I just got the Gotham theme but some of my system applications aren't themed like messages and the phone icon does anyone know how to fix this 
So how do I get it from this page ? Sorry I'm not very good with anything that's not simple 
I can't find zoopreme the light anywhere in cydia is there anything extra I need to do to find it ?
I think you are pretty good looking but mostly in pictures 2 and 4. The other two really make your forehead look big with that hairstyle 
No I usually keep it at the lowest setting because I heard that the highest one burns your weed
The reason I got the pax was to not smoke anymore and especially for the lack of smell which is why it sucks that it really doesn't do anything for me
What's that clock widget at the top of the screen called ?? It looks nice
Reddit 
Can you get this for a laptop ?
I personally think it looks best how you have it now. Way better than your long hair in any of the other pictures
You really have nothing to improve 
Are you still pursuing a future in football ?
The bills never cease to disappoint so don't be so sure
It was like someone sent him a picture which he sent to me it's for a jacket design so it just needs to be the logo
Ya I've been there twice so far the last time I went was last Friday and pretty much all the snow was made by them. But most of the main runs were open and I'm pretty sure all the terrain parks were open so I'd bring them in pretty sure it's supposed to snow soon to.
Holiday valley and kissing bridge near buffalo Ny
I mean I guess goggles are all preference I've always liked darker tints in the day I guess the best thing op could do is just go try goggles out 
Is 55 a lot  for college ?
Patriots already have home field advantage 
Probably something with a darker tint and polarized. A lighter tint works but will let in more light, don't get clear though they are made for the night time
What do you think of anon migs. I've been looking to get some for awhile because of the integrated face mask but I don't really like the oversized Google look 
Do you know any tweak to make them round and keep them clear every tweak I try turns the icons black 
I know that the tweak for making clear looking icons is Aelon but how would I make the icons centered like that and round ? Thanks for the help
The right side of my kneecap 
That's almost identical to the feeling I had but after two weeks I can walk fine it's only when I stretch the leg that's why I'm kinda holding off the only concern I have is the popping 
People in buffalo
So...The bills are going to the super bowl right ?
Ya that's my team in an 8 man league and I didn't even make the playoffs kinda sad
Team 1 
Peyton manning 

Matt forte

Arian foster

Julio jones

Josh Gordon 

Martellus Bennett

Justin forset

Texans d

Justin tucker

Team 2

Tom Brady 

Steven Jackson

Demarco Murray 

Reggie Wayne

Micheal Crabtree

Antonio gates

Mike Wallace

Eagles d 

Dan Bailey 