Supcase unicorn beetle in Frost, looks great on the black model 
On Google pay it's a Discover card while on Samsung pay is a MasterCard? Interesting...
Planet fitness reports to the credit companies?? Whaaaa 
Here is a demo Apple Pay checkout.

https://stripe.com/apple-pay

It won’t charge your card.

Enjoy:) 
Wish this was on android...maybe P will implement something like this? Who knows. 
So cool! Delete your reddit account now before google gets mad at you 😂
Yeah I've used the demo pixel 2 non xl and stores and the haptic feedback is much more powerful, but it's still very good on the XL. Try and set an alarm or move the cursor on GBoard with vibration on tap enabled (I personally don't like that, but I set it up at a custom level of 0mm) 
Personally i leave it off, maybe when the official P drops i might get it back. It also was a battery sucker..
Jesus that's thicccccc. Not my style, but looks good. How much did you pay for all of that? I wanted to try it out...but the damn way they do it through Kickstarter or whatever is confusing...
Ohh i like that song! Ios 6 was so good on my original ipad mini. Ios 9 on the mini is bad...oh well 
My battery lasts way longer now..:i used to be at about 60% when i got to 5th period at school...now i have about 80% left with the only thing i do is spotify playing music all the time. Very pleased
Personally they did not fit in my ear very well...and the charging case was a hassle. They sounded good, but my razer dongle and the earpods sounds better and louder. Also...could not skip songs. Next time i guess
Yeah same my dumbass forgot my google financing payment...got that $35 fee. Called and asked and they removed it. Lesson learned! 
Why of course! Let me put my personal email address on the internet! Nothing wrong with that....
Can you take pics of the device and the interface? Thanks. 
The cash card for Square is ver nice and elegant too! 
Yeah it is a super fingerprint magnet. Sucks...but I'm not spending $40 on the Dome Glass personally. Good luck! 
Yes, but if everything is backed up, all you need to do is re download all the apps and sign back in. If you use backup to the max, then im sure it will restore the thing like before. 
Supcase beetle in black/red. Very good looking, although it does scratch easily so watch out for that. 
I hate that, really ruins the wallpaper in the back, and then it does the same with the background album art. Damnit google. 
Reboot, maybe try a factory reset? If the above fails to fix the problem, then i would contact Google and RMA. 
Use one from AmFilm, yes it has dots all over, and there is a rainbow effect, but id rather have all that than a cracked display that is going to run me $340 to fix. 
Looks like a third party launcher, maybe give the dev some feedback about the issue and wait for an update  
Could it be a hardware issue?? Of so...damn 
Do you need to be in college for a Student card, or does high school count? 
Sometimes it works very well sometimes it does not, this is very unfortunate and bothers me when zooming in. At least its not all the time...but i mean....the damn phone is almost $1K so this should not be an issue. 
Try out Boost for Reddit or Relay for reddit, both great clients with lots of customization. Currently using Boost for Reddit and love it. 
Huh interesting, I got approved for $1500 right away with pretty average credit and I was new at the whole credit stuff (I was 18 when I applied). Very pleased that I got approved, it's helping me credit score with the whole utilization shit. 
Oh thanks for the info! Might apply later on since I recently opened a new CC. Maybe in 6 months. 
It's actually very good that it's hidden deep in settings, under accessibility. 
Does the Amazon Prime Visa apply for the 5/24 rule for Chase? Thx
They supposedly making a new app for android “from the ground up”....that was about 4 months ago lol 
Okay 
*bought android and im not locked down to whatever the company puts in and  free to install any version i want* 

Seriously though, the Nexus 5 still runs and boots 8.1 Oreo. Yes..its true that apple devices are supported longer...but the bootloader is unlocked on most Pixels so in theory these will last. 
*laughs in pixel 2 that cant be hijacked with a grey box* 
Bought the Razer dongle and haven’t looked back. Very loud, can even triple click on the headset to go back to a song. It’s large...but I’ll take it than the underpowered and can’t double skip on Spotify. 
You’re right
Jesus, I only have 32 downloaded apps. 80 in total. No wonder...
I got a defective Essential dongle...twice. It would not work with my 2 XL at all, and if it did, it would stop after a couple seconds. And it also made a loud white noise sometimes 
I can wait until official stable release:). 
Huh I just tried it and it worked just fine. If I would of seen this some time ago I would have not done it lol. Still, a very good idea. 
Looks nice...but I’m not willing to install a dev. preview on my one and main pixel. If I had an extra one, sure why not! 
I need dark mode that’s on the iOS version thanks 
Call your carrier and ask what device I was using and the imei? Honestly I don’t know...
I use saturated. Sure they’re not accurate, but I love me the punchy colors. 
If you have pixel buds it will read whatever the message says and who sent it. It’s actually pretty cool... 
I got an iPhoneSE for $50 with service and MetroPCS with port in. It’s a little bigger than the 4 but wayyy faster with the A9 chip and good camera (for $50 is a steal) try going to a MetroPCS corporate store if you can because no authorized dealer will give out a $400 phone for $50 lol. 
Makes sense, I work at MetroPCS and the Sims are hard wired to their one and only phone...I'm going to give it a try and see how it works. 
Snapchat pictures don't look too bad anymore on my pixel 2 XL since it has started to use to Pixel Visual Core...still does not compare to using the stock Google camera app. 
Sometimes it works well, sometimes it look horrible, I wish there was an option but knowing Google that's not going to happen soon...
They do? Can you trick them and use an Android and say it's an iPhone:). I don't understand how it works, I do have internet and cable with them (basic cable and shit) so it comes included?? I'm confused their website is shit 
Uninstall that shit done deal
This Service is Retired is a great album
LMAO😂😂
Why wouldn't you? 
How you liking Xfinity mobile? Unfortunately they're not BYOD yet so I really want to test it out with my Pixel 2 XL and ditch MetroPCS
You don't have to join the beta, go to settings, notifications and apps, click on play services, go all the way down to app details, and it should launch the play store and an update should be there. It will not be the beta, instead the latest stable version. 
The sound is pretty good, the bass is punchy and sometimes does over power the music, they even shake because of the damn bass, but the sound quality is very good and crisp, I wish the swipe gesture was for skipping tracks, but the play pause works very well, and the battery so far is good. 
Interesting! Sounds pretty cool to test out different phone and shit, but switching like that sounds too hard haha 
Yes, I've had an RMA for the burn in and they replaced it with a new model, I did have to show them proof and such but whatever. 
Thanks for the information, I don't want any beta apps on my device, well except Snapchat I guess. 
Why wouldn't?? 
Just got them yesterday, and the sound is pretty good, the bass is pretty good when it's on your ear, but when you push to make a seal, the bass is pretty insane. The buds to shake a little bit if the bass is hard and it's loud af. Wish I could swipe to change the track tho....make it happen Google. 
Seriously? How does that work??? 
What? I have had absolutely zero issues whatsoever. Snapchat and other shitty apps crash, but no system UI errors or random reboots, very pleased. 
They're really nice to me, and I WANT THAT VOLUME SLIDER NOW!! Seriously, right next to the volume buttons is genius and looks very good, sucks to reach all the way on the other side of the phone to quickly change it to ring and vibrate, now it will be easier to reach. Great design. 
Get the XL, the bigger and 2:1 display is very nice and makes watching movies and wide screen videos on YouTube enjoyable, yes there is slight blue shift, and there is some "black crush", but the 2 years of warranty and me buying it directly from the Google store is not a worry for me, the speed and the camera are amazing! Sure it sucks that there is no more headphone jack, but tbh the 6P had a wack amp for headphones anyway. 
It works! Did it install the beta version of play services? 
I'm referring to the new Pixel 2 XL lol 
I'm thinking of buying them, I have a Google store credit card and I can finance them for 6 months interest free...how would that work? I already pay $39 a month for my 2 XL, will I add the $149 and ÷ by 6 months? I don't know how any of this works haha. 
I love devotion and bone dry and frame of mind and empire of sound and other songs. One of my favorite artist for sure!! 
Which ones do you guys use that can fit the 2 XL? I am thinking of buying one 
Yeah the speakerphone volume is pretty low on mine too, and even the regular headset speaker is sometimes low...maybe Google can push out an update to make it louder? 
Fucking damn it I really wanted the Panda version but when I ordered it they were out of stock and I wasent going to wait 6-8 weeks for it because I hated my iPhone 6. Gas anyone tried to get the panda version when they do an RMA? I already did an RMA before (screen burn in), and I forgot to ask...but next time I'll try it! 
Guess I'm the only one here with Saturated colors haha I love the punchy colors a lot! 
For real? Interesting! The most popular phone we got is the ZTE ZBlade and idk why it's so popular, it's trash, we LITERALLY do an RMA on that phone *at least* once every 2 weeks. No joke, the price is low but you get what you pay for. 
Not sure don't know the specifics lol 
It does not have NFC or a FP scanner so unfortunately no. 
Yes it's a new phone from MetroPCS. Runs 7.1.2 with a different style than other 7.0 phones from LG. Has facial recognition like the iPhone X (no fancy hardware just camera) same display size as the original Aristo, and it's actually nicer than the OG. Source: work at MetroPCS. Also... No LG logo on the front, so the device looks slick as hell. Still 16GB or memory and like 2gb of ram (I think) and no FP scanner. Its $59 if you want to upgrade.  
So the coverage and stuff is controlled by employees? Im guessing each genius gets some amount of $$ they can spend on customers or something? Just curious:)
You mean changing from left to right? My pixel 2 xl also does that lol. Not a detail...just basic stuff 
Mine has been like this ever since I got it because it got dust stuck there and I tried to poke it out. Did not work as expected....but at least the water resistant still works! I cleaned the device with tap water on the front and the back and seems fine! Speaker works great for calls and music and such so I don't think you should worry bout that. Looks uneven now but whatever haha 
Yeah you have no idea on how many promos and discounts I've missed ever since it came out:(. Oh well! At least the 1.5k is helping my credit out pretty good. 
I am financing my Pixel 2 XL with them with 2 years no interest. Got approved for 1.5K with literally bad credit (im new to this). Missed a payment (my fault to be honest) and they waived the fee for me after I called! Very happy so far with my $39 monthly payments. 
Yeah it's unfortunate that the OtterBox don't have a built in screen protector. 
What is a good score to get approved? My CK scores is 683/688 and I opened 2 new credit cards last month. Guess I should wait right? 
Also the Android app is not 18:9 display compatible. Are you kidding me..I only have it because I really dislike Play music because of its horrible app layout and because I get student discount on Spotify. 
I currently have the Under Armour heavy duty case...looks nice and feels nice..it's huge and has a build in screen protector (plastic). It was $40 because of a $10 discount. Seems fine for now..it even has a cover for the fingerprint scanner. Will upload pics on how it looks like it when I get to it. Only gripe is the buttons..they're extremely hard to press! Maybe because I had the case for a day...maybe it will break in. Also, it's pretty hard to squeeze now. 
I use Hide System Bar, no ADB or anything, and works great. Although sometimes there is an overlay thing, it can disappear when you press the hide button multiple times. Still..it's free 
Got the same thing and I don't have the new update yet. Really want it because I want to show off the pixel camera:). Or at least make it look fucking viewable. I'm talking about when recording videos...holy damn I can see tear and the low quality every single time. 
Holy shit lmao. Hell nah. Stay away, they took $23 or something, fucking SCAM. Cancelled my debit card I used because they did not take PayPal even though they stated they did on their website. DONT USE THEM OR TRUST THE FAKE ASS REVIEWS!!! I did try to email them and shit, but they were saying that the initial fee is not fucking refundable, and then they also stated that if they did manage to unlock...it will be extra in the end. SCAM SCAM SCAM NOOO
I bet, I don't own an X to be super comparable, but they're both good photo takers. 
Buy an iPhone SE, I've seen them as low as $150 at Target and such, they're locked to pre paid carriers, but it's pre paid and I'm sure you can buy the device like that ( I don't think so but who knows). 
Pixel does not suck, fast and accurate fingerprint scanner (the wipe for notification shade is a blessing), AMAZING FUCKING camera!, Great speakers, and I personally prefer Android over iOS because of notifications. They're both great phones, but pixel definitely does not suck. 
You're kidding right? 
Yes...but it wont work because it needs to be registered on the system. And that's $19.99 
They do charge a $19.99 no refundable fee when you do BYOD. I got ROK mobile myself. 
Definitely, works miles better than the stock one, looks nicer, and sounds twice as loud. Also, skipping and even triple clicking to go back to a song works well. Recommend! Although...it does stop working when I am watching Netflix and such and it can get annoying, but with regular Spotify listening, it's fine. 
Do yourself a favor and get the Razer dongle, skipping and even going back as clicking work very well, and it's actually very loud compared to the stock adapter. I am not sure if volume up or down will work because I don't own any made for android headphones. 
It's fine. Although I fucking forgot to pay the payment yesterday because I was super fucking busy, guess I am not ready to be fully into credit stuff now that my credit is officially fucked. I did pay it off the minimum today, and I will probably just pay it off completely when I get extra money. I am able to pay off the phone in a month from my new job, but I do have other bills and a habit of going out to eat😂. I gave up on credit because I could not keep up on these fucking payments. I am paying off my regular credit card at least.....
What do you think is the lowest credit score to get that card? I'm at 604 right now (yes it's complete shit I dont know how to manage). What about a secured credit card? I'm interested...but I'm reading online that it's only for New comers that have no credit at all. What is the right card for me? I do have a credit card, a simple Bankamericard. 
NSA: ****heavy breathing****
Second 
I stopped using that one because it was underpowered. Got a Razer one, and it's louder, and I can skip and even triple click to go back on Spotify and such. But...the Essential one finally came out and I ordered it. My friend let me borrow his, and holy shit, literally TWICE as loud. Can't wait until it gets here, I'm returning the Razer one because it's actually not as loud as I thought it would be. 
I've tried Spotify and you can even triple click to replay the song. Again, it's somehow louder on the GPM app, and also, the dongle is not perfect, sometimes it just stops working and I have to unplug and replug it to get it to work again, but I'll take that because I need that double click to skip. I use Spotify as my main music service, I just have YouTube red so I sometimes try out GPM. 
I kept all the accessories and the box too, interesting...you live in the US? 
I am doing financing too, and there is absolutely no Interest on the phone purchase right? I haven't gotten any case or anything other than the phone itself on the Google store, and I am planning on paying it in the 2 year span (I can afford to pay it off early, but if there is no interest then why not). Also....will this help my credit score? Thanks! I am new to financing and shit. I do have a credit card, but the limit right now is too low for me to have bought the phone. 
It came in! And it works beautifully!! I can double click on the headphones to skip!! And it's LOUD (it's even louder on Google Play Music some how). Still...$32 for everything...pretty expensive dongle. 
I'm getting the Razer dongle soon, so let's see if that works. 
I did! I'm waiting on it now. 
It's brand new....I told them I don't want no refurbished, and I'm sure they're not going to hand them out anytime soon. Also, has anyone tried changing the color? I really want the panda version, maybe later on? 🤔
I didn't have a card or anything since I did financing, and I thought they were going to take "5-10 business days", but to my surprise, it took about 3 days and I would of received it faster if it wasn't for FedEx and their bullshit. 
I bought some Bose SoundTrue Ultras at Best buy recently, and sound good with the included adapter, but I'm just waiting for that Razer dongle to get here to really make them sound good... unfortunately they're not available at Amazon so no free 2 day shipping 😩. And shipping was $10 on their website so it better be fucking worth it lol. 
What is wag? 
I want it..but it's not available in Amazon since it is sold out:(. I need new headphones too. Any good that are less than $50? I lost my good ones. 
Thanks. 
I guess it's instant? There is no delay? 
What's the current combination? I don't own an X. 
The pixel is a mess? It's ugly? What? Sure..the pixel 2 XL is not that hot...but ugly? Really? And a mess? What? Buddy, what are you talking about lol. 
While I personally don't use iPhone, I do think the X is a great and nice looking device. Unfortunately, the way the notifications work are not for me, and I am used to Android, so I'm happy with my Pixel 2 XL, but when they fix the notification system and with the iPhone 11 or something, ill give it a try....
I think it should be (Ho)^3
I've had none of those mentioned, I did have the video recording audio bug that was fixed in less than 2 weeks for me. Unlike Apple, Google doesn't have 50 devices that update at the exact same time, causing new bugs and affecting literally everyone. 
My screen looks absolutely fine. I've had zero app stopping and works great....
There is....go to Boost Mobile or cricket wireless and it's there. 
Lol the Pixel 2 XL is the best phone I've ever owned, so smooth as fuck, sexy ass camera, and good software. Fuck outta here with those ugly and messy notifications and 5 updates a month because everything is broken in iOS 11. What a joke. 
Using Relay for Reddit in Android and Apollo for iOS, the official app is trash. 
The Pixel 2 has a good vibrator. Its not ass good as the X, but it's there. 
No need,I already got it. Plus, I am not that well with computers and shit so I don't want to fuck up lol. 
People over at r/Apple would be "I just love Apple for the little things like this OMG such a great company amazing work". But it's cool. 
Mind sharing some screenshots? Interested
Apparently Microsoft Hello is more accurate (I've heard idk). But then again, it's on a laptop so I guess more hardware. 
Jesus dude I was in school....
Who's she?
I got approved for an RMA for burn in on the Navigation system bar. I sent them some pictures and the rep could see them and we did it. Unfortunately, it was no advanced RMA, so I had to do it the normal way. The wait is killing me..I hope I get a good model (knock on wood) 
If you go Android please use a PIXEL!! using a Pixel 2 XL, and shit man, it's crazy fast and smooth. Don't use a cheapo Android, or some galaxy (maybe the Note 8, but it's running Nougat instead of Oreo). Trust me, you won't look back. 
You mean like on Android? My pixel 2 takes absolutely breath taking pictures and videos...and in Snapchat...hahaha. I can't even upload from the app itself anymore, it's THAT BLURRY!! I hope they release the Snapchat app made for Android soon. 
I haven't noticed absolutely any major bus at all. That "I" bug? Lockscreen bypasses? Android has come a long way, and I've used an iPhone before (iPhone 6, but I have used an iPhone 8 briefly...gotta say I do like that TruTone display tho) and they're both good now. I would go back to iOS if they fix the notifications!! But for now, I am in love with the Pixel 2 camera. 
Oh yeah you're right. Also Duo can be deleted:). 
Thank you!! Android 8.0.0 has been stable as fuck, absolutely no bugs at all, and it's been extremely enjoyable. Sure it's cool to get updates frequently...but every week? 
Lmao really....
Got a Pixel 2 XL with absolutely no bloatware whatsoever...enjoy your Stocks app and Reminders! 
This is why I'm sticking with Android until they fix this..I can't. 
I got a Pixel 2 XL. Still haven't received 8.1...and it's totally fine. Google does these staged roll outs that go like 1%, 5%, 20%, etc. and it works. They're able to get all the bugs sorted out and fixed, unlike Apple releasing the same update to every device ever and having countless of bugs, thus releasing a new update to fix those bugs....then new bugs and so on...it's a good thing, but it honestly does not work. 
Meh I never use the camera on the laptop so it's good lol.
I've seen this before...it's cool and all, but c'mon now lol.
Makes sense for the camera and such...but Face ID? There is plenty of space on the keyboard....it's not necessary no thanks. It's going to make it harder to cover up with tape.
Probably fake. I saw another product for $151. It was a GoPro Hero 6...yeah right.
It's not that normal, it's because it's using a low quality LCD display, just look at iPhones, they don't have this problem.
Instant apps. Pretty cool, try out Vimeo. Idk other apps right
Using a pixel 2 xl and could not be happier. It's smooth as fuck, fucking great ass camera, and no bugs at all. My friend has the iPhone X, and sure looks nice, but I always laugh when he can't get face ID to work.
For real? I just called customer service and they told me it was over. I might try again in a store.
A second dongle lol. But...don't get the one from Google, for me at least, it sounds pretty low and it is white(!!??). Unfortunately, the Razer one is out of stock on Amazon until the 13th so time to wait.
If you have any problems with it, Google isn't going to help you. Trust me, I bought a Nexus 6P, and when it bootlooped, Google didn't so shit because I bought it off Best buy. Return it and get it though the Google store!! I got approved for the financing option.
RMA time?
Cool shower lol. Yeah better pictures....
Wait a couple seconds???
My 2xl rebooted the other day out of nowhere...damn it LG.....I am running 8.0
Nevermind lol.
What app?
Anyway to get those system notifications back? I disabled them some time a go and can't figure out how to get them back...I'm talking about the "DU screen recorder is displaying over other apps".
Because if that, I now have a VERY low credit score:(. I guess worth a try.
It is, but not as extreme as in 8.1 ( just taking a guess here since I haven't received the OTA yet)
My limit is $500 and of course that's not enough. So I had to do financing:(. Well, guess I'm out for advanced RMA
Nice! We need competition!!
You are all right I see it now.
True that's unfortunate
I just financed it via the Google store, completely unlocked. It was financed via Synchrony bank so idk how good they are, but I did get two years with no interest.
Yeah...and we got pixels. What's the point tbh and we don't even get that updates at the same time...this is why I like apple even though they're fucking up iOS 11.
In real life they're not too bad tbh. Not ass slim as the iPhone X..but dual front facing speakers so ya..
Honestly...it wouldn't be so bad in maps, what is there is traffic, accident, a party, looking for a party, etc, it could be big if implemented right.
Google did a fucking great ass job. It's so smooth and fluent, and let me tell you, there are little to no bugs. I think Google is becoming Apple in terms of software.
>great battery life
>New phone

Seems about right. I'm also having excellent battery in my pixel 2 XL.
LMAOOO I was JUST about to say this 😂😂💀
Download Apollo for Reddit, I was using it when I had iPhone back then, I use Sync for Reddit now, but it was an awesome iOS Reddit client.
Yeah takes a couple seconds for it to register and re route the audio to the dongle. I am personally disappointed with the dongle audio quality wise, and I hope Essential can sell me they're dongle as it works wonders (twice as loud, and skipping works). If not, I guess the one from Razer.
I don't understand how I see people wanting to buy the iPhone 6?? (I work at a phone store) I had that phone and it went to complete shit after iOS 11!!! What!!!???
How much is the shipping for you??
Razer online store.
It's available right now. Get is so I can get mines lol.
Yeah true.....but I'm done with iOS lol.
You won't regret it!!
I love this, they recently changed the way the messaging app looks, I get camera updates regularly, and it's an awesome idea.
Had an iPhone 6. iPhone 6 ran smooth and was fast on iOS 10. Updated my iPhone 6 to iOS 11. Let me tell you the phone lasted all day for me, and it was new (it was a 32gb space gray model you can still buy) and was excellent. I should of not updated. It was slow as fuck, buggy as fuck, battery waster as fuck, messy and ugly in my opinion. Turned to a real piece of shit. 

But now I got a Pixel 2 XL and not looking back anytime soon. The iPhone X Just didn't look good to me, and I know for a fact that the camera is better (I'm amazed at the quality and the unlimited original quality Google photos backup was the icing on the cake). Try out the pixel 2 for yourself, I'm telling you, you won't regret it. I love android, so maybe it might take some time if you're switching, but worth it!!
I'ma amazed on how dumb people can be. "At least apple releases a lot of updates!! Yeah!!". I have a pixel 2 XL and it has worked flawlessly. I've only received two software updates and it's been amazing, absolutely no glitches whatsoever, and it runs smooth as hell. My friend has the iPhone 8 and Instagram launches faster, and battery lasts longer. Sure I don't get 20 software updates each week, but when I do get one each month for the security patch, it *actually just works*. SMH some people...
I can RMA the dongle?? Whaaaaa..yeah imma try that actually thanks.
Using a pixel 2 XL and it's the best phone I've ever tested. Fucking crazy fast, nice haptic feedback (finally), amazeballs camera, great design and a 2:1 screen. Awesome...
Me neither, but now at least the navigation bar disappears so yay!! I actually did sent them feedback about this so I'm happy that they did something:)
And their wait time is ridiculous...same thing as Olive Garden. What a shame because I know someone that goes like twice a month and lives it. To each their own I guess..
What a fucking joke. I already pay Comcast $76 monthly and I would leave them in a heartbeat, but the Xfinity only works where I live. Fucking depressing.
No i love it. Really love the longer display...
I might look on eBay or something...it's awesome..
One thing I don't like is the headphone adapter. Sure...it works with my laptop, but my friend has the Essential phone, and then I asked him for his adapter, and holy shit. It's LITERALLY TWICE as loud!! Smaller, it's black, and it's sleeker. I have to Max out the volume a lot because of the lack of volume, and I use some JVC XX in ear headphones that sound good with the included adapter, but sound fucking incredible on the Essential adapter. I emailed them and I hope I can buy it separately.

Edit: forgot to mention that YOU CAN SKIP!!! DOUBLE CLICK WORKS.....WHATTTTTT GOOOGGLLEEEEEE!!!!! REEEEEEEE
Oh interesting. I never had that because I don't really post so much, only video anyway.
What zoom bug?
I got a case from i-Blason that is a heavy duty case, with a built in screen protector and works well. I do miss glass, and the oleophobic coating is non existent so it's a fucking fingerprint magnet, but looks well and works very good.
Unfortunately no micro SD here...oh well.
Yeah but....I got the pixel 2 XL...yeah I want that unlimited original picture quality.... whatever privacy does not exist anymore unfortunately
Maybe yours are made for Android or something, mine dont, only one button and only play and pause. Weird...
Anyone here using the one from Under Armour? They sell two models at Verizon, but spending $40 for the non heavy-duty one is just....like nah lol. I might get the heavy duty one if they can let me see it closer.
I use one from Amazon, the AmFilm and works great, although...I had to go through 2 of them, I guess the third time is the charm or whatever, their customer service is good. If you want to protect the screen, maybe get a case with a build in screen protector (like the i-blason(?) one from Amazon, or a Under Armour one from Verizon) and maybe they will work for you.
Only play and pause work, no longer skip. That really unfortunate, maybe made for Android headphones work, but I don't own one so idk. Mine only have one button, and I used to be able to skip (if I managed to double click not too slow and not too fast) it would skip in my 6P as well, but now, it does not. Only play and pause unfortunately, and I'm sure it's because of the dongle and stuff, and every time I click, I can hear some static or something. Oh well...
Mine only takes a couple seconds for it to recognize and start to play music, but it also happens to lighting earpods on iPhones so it's understandable.
I just moved the image around with auto brightness on while in a darkish room and damn the grey text literally disappeared. Yeah black crush (I think thats what it is anyway) is real...
God I wish Google fixes this shit asap, sounds like a super low quality microphone from a cheap headset from 2002. Embarrassing...
Really nice phone! I went with the Pixel 2 XL myself and I'm pretty happy. Although the blue shift is there..it's not that bad at all. I would of gone with yours but, the headphone jack is at the top (yeah yeah I know...sorry but I hate that it looks dumb for me anyway) and the small display. Other than that, great!
Using a pixel 2 XL coming from an iPhone 6 and couldn't be happier. I much prefer Android over iOS any day (the notification system in iOS is just a fucking mess). Amazing ass camera that goes hand in hand with the X.
Oh man...next post is going to be a rock.
Sync also supports it, although I already use the saturated mode so I don't really notice it..
Yeah it's bad...but the camera is amazing so I'd take that. Plus 2 years of warranty so it's good. Hopefully Google fixes the issue and we can RMA for the improved version.
This worked! Thanks!
Second for the AmFilm, I'm using one right now and it's excellent. Yes it has the Dot Matrix thing, but it does not bother me and is case friendly. Will recommend.
I've heard...when is the new app going to be released?? Any idea??
Can you remove the developer options if I don't want them anymore?
You should! It's much much stable and fast. It has never crashed on me.
I want Hulu and Amazon Video to add picture in picture too..
YES!! I think is the new update that dims the nav bar and I don't think Snapchat has fixed that issue. Make sure to report it if you're on the beta. I want full screen snaps back lol.
What really erks me is that they advertise the shit out of the Panda version of the phone, I have yet to see a Just Black model on a commercial, yet the Panda is the one out of fucking stock with a long ass wait time. Wtf Google stop showing that one off, customers want that color, but yet it's out of stock for weeks. I got my Just Black version and looks great, but REALLY wanted the Panda one. Oh well.
Will Google RMA for burn in? I'm already seeing burn in, but it does not bother me, but I'm sure it will get worse in the future, everything else works great so that's why I'm not in a hurry. 

Side note, I did no financing via Google store, but I have yet to make a payment. When is the payment going to be due? The date was Nov. 20 and the minimum amount was $0 so I did not make a payment, but it's still like that even though I checked it like yesterday. That's interesting...
Not to be that guy but...I don't think it's going to come back. Also, I want an improvement on the vibration! The haptic feedback is great, but it could be better!
RECORD EVERYTHING MAN!! Show them proof and they might change their mind:)
It is. I used to have an iPhone 6, dropped frames like crazy, and the phone was very slow. Buggy mess, and horrible performance. Went back to Android with the Pixel 2 XL and won't look back. Polished software, super fast (apps launch instantly), AWESOME camera, and absolutely no problems whatsoever, the days of Android being laggy and shit is over, I've had ZERO random reboots or major app crashing (Instagram crashes like crazy but it's a known issue), other than that it's flawless and runs at 60fps all the time.
It's just a personal choice man...
Really? I'm using some simple in ears (JVC XX elation in ear) and they're not that loud. My iPhone 6 was WAYY louder. Maybe it's the adapter? Who knows but I'm always maxing out the volume and it's not that loud for me...
Interesting! Mine after some time of usage (like when I'm in school), it get very warm, not hot, but warm.
This is why I'm glad the Pixel 2 XL has 2 years of warranty, hopefully when something goes wrong, they will replace it with the pixel 3 or something, but I'm liking the 2 XL so far..
I agree, note 8 looks sexy ass hell, but the software and the fingerprint location is a no go for me. Plus the camera in the pixel is amazing, and I can't go back.
I've had a Samsung before (S6 Edge +) and after a while, it really slowed down. The battery was absolutely horrible, and then I got green lines on the display. It was running 7.0 and the skin to me looked bad and I prefer stock anyway since I've had a 6P before. 

There is nothing wrong with Samsung, I just don't like the software. I've also had an iPhone 6 and went to utter trash after iOS 11.
Makes sense. Thanks anyway for looking.
Yes it has a weird feeling, and it looks very cheap and uneven, maybe I installed it wrong or I got a bad product, but still, it was trash and went back.
I  don't think it's active like the one on the new iPhones, but the closest thing is the night light...
Complete trash, they feel horrible, the scratch hella easy, and they feel bad. Also the wet thing was a paint to install. Went with the AmFilm TGSP and feels great. Don't really notice the Dot Matrix, but I preferred the glass feeling.
yep. am addicted to it now lol
I've been knowing this forever, and how the hell is this a PSA? Snapchat sucks anyway
Nice! I'd be careful sharing with Google photos, I was curious and yep, I can clearly see your location and saw that it was taken with an iPhone 7. Use imgur man!
Slide your finger on the space bar and feel it!! (Moving the cursor) (side note, you need haptic feedback on, but I personally don't use it so I set it to 0ms and works great). Also, setting up alarms and stuff has a nice feedback too (like the minutes!) It's pretty cool, but not has precise or "nice" as the V30 but good enough
My favorite case is from Supcase, it has a clear area in the back and it's also a bumper case. Unfortunately, it's not out yet for the bigger pixel 2, but I'll definitely pick one up when it's available
The one off Amazon from AmFilm has been very good, although I did drop it and the screen popped right out, but I did email them and they're sending me a replacement! I'm using some other screen protector that is "wet apply" and I hate it. Not only is there dust under the display that is driving me nuts, the feel is horrible. It's not smooth and feels sticky to me. Can't wait to get my replacement!!
How come your navigation soft buttons are black on white and mine are white in black? November patch? 8.1 beta? 
Pixel 2 XL in Fi and checked...nothing yet. That sucks...really want the new color profiles! Damn it Google and their slow ass rollout process...
That's how Snapchat lenses work. Maybe it's marketing gimmick, or maybe you had bad lighting? I don't use iPhone myself so I'm not sure
Project fi and nada too. I want them saturated colors!!
I just went to a field trip for the school and the aquarium, and the pictures it takes are amazing...the detail is crazy!! And portrait mode is so nice..I also like the haptics, although I wish it was more in the software (like apps), but it's really good. Yes I do notice the blue shift, but TBH, it does not bother me, especially with the 2 year warranty so I'll probably replace it when it does get really bad later on. 
Got one from AmFilm,, the new updated version is not that bad and sticks well... although I wish it has a better anti smudge layer..it's good enough
Same, I love my pixel...but c'mon now...
The adapter can get loud, I plugged them into my laptop's USB c port, and they worked. I also was not even 50% loud and it was louder than the volume all the way up in on the phone, so clearly Google limits the power from the phone to the adapter. Also, when I plug it into my aux cord in the car, I can tell it's louder since it clips at Max volume like my iPhone 6. So Google needs to figure this out, the adapter has the power, but I guess the phone knows what's connected and limits the power or something. 
Even though we got a pixel, it's kind of sad that I have to wait longer for the XL one, and wait even more for carrier approval. I'm on Fi so I'm sure it's going to take forever....
Snapchat runs pretty good on my 2 XL. I haven't tested a video yet, but I can tell it's improved. Still not as smooth as iOS, but it works. 
I'm always applying to jobs, and since I'm still in high school, I'm not in a professional job or anything, so I can always look for jobs at malls, fast food, etc. I have enough saved up to pay like 4 months of monthly payments Incase I loose my job, but I'll try and pay it off earlier. 
lol I'm in school yet (high) and I got a job. I did all the math and stuff and I would easily be able to pay the $35 payments a month including phone bill. I was surprised I even got approved for credit. Trust me, if I want an adult of course I would not do that, but I want to work on my credit and I don't have any outstanding bills (like rent, food, etc). 
Really awesome, I like the display and how big it is. I will miss airdrop so much though....super useful in class. Oh well
LMAO chill guys in in high school it's okay. I don't have rent RN or anything, all I pay is my phone bill so yeah I got a job and decided to try it out. And I got approved (surprised) 
I got mines couple days ago and it has started to flash. I had the 6P before and it did that too... seriously Google...
Got mine too. Pretty noticable blue shift, but honestly...not too bad. I use my phone head on anyway so whatever. And yep, this shit is fast afff. Lasts all day now, and I'm glad I switched form iPhone 6. I had a 6P before so I love stock Android. And yeahhhh the colors aren't that punchy TBH, but I have not received the November patch yet. I also like the vibration! Try adjusting the minutes when setting up an alarm! Feels like the iPhone when you scroll super cool. Although I wish you can adjust it...but I will probably keep it since it has 2 years of warranty. 
I just got my pixel 2 XL I literally have less than $200 in my bank account, but the payments are $35 a month (minimum) with no interest for 2 years. I have a job and everything so it's good...I guess? 
I’m not going to pay $50 for that like hell nah. I bought one off amazon instead for $17. I’ll get back and see how it works my Pixel haven’t arrived yet. 
I’m the latest iOS beta on a 6 and the unlock animation is basically broken, it’s so jiddery and not smooth. It doesn’t unlock slower, but I do prefer it being smooth. Still, I am having good battery so whatever. 
I’m in iOS 11.2 and the beta is actually really good, the battery for me is not too bad rn, no like it was on iOS 10, but much improved from OG 11.  My Pixel 2 XL is about to get here so can’t wait for all day battery. I’d say go for the beta, it’s pretty stable. 
Not sure this is my first time and it’s not going great. All they tell me is “sorry for the inconvenience” and some lame shit like that. Not even a gift card or discounts on items. Worst part is that i can’t even walk into a physical store to really let them have it (i mean by speaking to a manager or something) buuuttt it’s just a phone so as long as I get it by then it’s fine. 
Meanwhile my Pixel 2 XL just shipped even though I ordered it 10 days ago. Pretty disappointed with google, not even overnighted to me and all they said was “sorry for the inconvenience”. Disappointed that they didn’t even *try* to do something right. Oh well. 
Meanwhile I ordered my Pixel 2 XL October 21st with a expected shipment on the 30th. And nada...until today. Now expected delivery is Nov. 6-7 and it was originally Nov. 1-2:( pretty disappointed with google tbh. I know it’s not the thread but y’all are getting your phone that you ordered like less than a week ago already. 
Jesus you suck at spelling 
That is pretty neato...but I will keep it since I’m used it my gmail email for my Apple ID anyways 
Same. Pretty inconvenient if you ask me..hell, even iPhone X customers have shipping information. Google better not give me a bad Pixel with the bad display...
Well mine is was suppose to ship yesterday... and nada with a delivery date if Nov. 1-2. I did chat with support and they told me I will receive it within the delivery window, but I wanted to get the shipping info to call UPS/FedEx and get in store pickup. Don’t want it to get stolen or broken while it gets here...I live in TX. 
I still haven’t gotten any order update and it’s suppose to be here by Nov. 1-2...guess I’m not getting it by then. Also....I hope I got a good model
My just black xl 2 was suppose to ship yesterday...just checked the order history and nothing, the second blue bubble has yet to be filled...I haven’t even been charged, I did financing at the synchrony web summary says I owe nothing and my current balance is zero. I did chat with google support and they said it’s fine and I should receive it by Nov. 1-2 so I guess it’s time to wait..
Yeah I hope I get an update when I get out of school today. I need it!!
No I have not been charged yet. Well, according to synchrony bank anyway. I hope I get it soon! 
The first blue bubble is filled, while the shipped one has yet to be filled. No email no nothing. Oh well 
Mine is suppose to ship today. Will the order update today or tomorrow? I want to call the carrier to do pick up since I’ve lost a couple packages before. I hope it’s FedEx, there is a shipping center like 8 minutes from me. 
Mine is suppose to ship today, but still nothing. The order status says “ordered”. I placed it October 21. It comes in November 1-2. Also, which sender is it? 
Ahhh I see. 
What’s the irony? 
I have the old version, they’re sending me the new adhesive one after emailing them. Still waiting on my Pixel though....
Do you know if it will say updated? I got mines a couple days ago, and my pixel is not here yet so when it arrives I will definitely test it out. 
Makes me wonder if monkeys are literally in charge of QC. Sorry but, with all this display issues, makes me wonder. 
Bro wtf I want this. I still don’t have any usb c headphones, and even Apple includes lighting EarPods. That was a fucking lame move google thanks. 
Off the google store. 
Bout to upgrade from iPhone 6 as well!! Can’t wait to ditch buggy iOS 11. Before the 6 I had the 6P so I like stock. Unfortunately bootloop got it...twice and had to sell it. 
I haven’t even seen it irl yet. Hopefully that blue shift does not disappoint lol. I would go and see it, but the nearest Verizon store is like 20 minutes from me...no thanks. 
I get mines on November 1-2!! I'm impatient!!! 
Lmao mines comes in on a schools day. Well, guess I’m missing school!! November 2 needs to hurry up 
I have a Bankamericard, I will ask. Thanks I didn’t know that. It’s from Bank of America. 
My credit card limit is $500 atm, don’t want to bring it up because I’m sure I will spend it all. I’ll ask google how would that work instead. 
Still haven’t gotten mine, how does it feel when you get a notification? What about a call? Does it to different vibrations? 
Guess I will send it to them first, I don’t have a credit card with that amount yet. Thanks. 
How would an RMA work with financing? They can’t put a hold on that, or can they? They did approve me for $1500 and the phone itself is $920 so how would that go? Do I have to send the phone to them first and then I get it? Interesting...like Huawei did when I had my 6P
How do they even know what’s in it? Does it say google? Cmon now... I hope I get fedex, I will choose pick up since there is a shipping center pretty close to me. 
Anyone know what they’re going to use for shipping in TX?
Ala Samsung? I remember having that on my S6 Edge + and it for worse over time. That’s disappointing...
Oh nice thanks! I hope I don’t miss any payments. 
Ok just got approved! How do I pay it lmao. Like seriously. Also the email I got says I won’t get charged until it ships? How does that work? 
I want a case to be made my Supcase, I got one for the iPhone 6 and looks sexy ass hell in red. I think it’s the bettle one, not the rugged one. Maybe even Poetic gets on it, the one for the 6P was excellent too. 
And then it affects my credit score...but might as well I’m tired of the iPhone 6 and buggy iOS 11. 
Wow thanks!! What was the APR?
Yes but if i do get a bad model I will simply contact them. Google was replacing Nexus 6Ps with Pixel XLs to its customers 
I barely started with my credit so it’s pretty low (675) is that good? Will it go through?
Nice! I don’t want to affect my score. You know what yours is on CK? 
I’m personally moving soon from iPhone 6 to Pixel 2 XL. Can’t wait for that camera and that Pixel Visual Core goodness. Also I am tired of iOS 11 and it’s bugs (pisses me off that the music widget freezes and i have to restart the damn thing to get it working again) and some other shit. I also hate the notification system, is a damn mess. I hate that “earlier today” and the days. I can’t stand that. 
SAME I THOUGHT IT WAS JUST ME!! I will chat with Apple support and see what they can do about it (my guess is nothing but whatever). 
How did you do this? I’m on 11.0.3. Looks nice. 
Got a Vizio smartcast sound bar and this si so damn convinient, I no longer have to worry about music pausing when using Snapchat or something 
You forgot better app in general (really like the black/green theme), behind the lyrics (pretty cool tbh), instant playback, better device control (I can control music playback in my laptop, Android device, iPhone, etc easily) and the Spotify app on Android is better than Apple music. And some other quirks. I just prefer Spotify over Apple music any day. 
Signing up! Does it need money for long term? Im probably just going to open it and just leave it for some time until I find another job. 
Is it absolutely free? Or what’s the minimum deposit? 
I mean my iPhone 6 is rarely new (I bought it a couple months ago) so I do think it’s iOS. I should of downgraded when I had the chance...
Thank you sir
Is ally good? I’m thinking of using that for that reason is it a regular checking account or savings? And will it come with a debit card I can use?
Is that for every account or how does it work? I have a regular Bank of America core checking account (I don’t pay anything since I’m a student). Does it have that? 
Totally new what on earth is Apy??
That’s what I’m planning on doing, transferring the exact amount (maybe extra $20 just in case) and paying that for online things (like Spotify and stuff)
I tried applying but I’m in high school yet, not a college student. Although, I do have dual credit classes, so technically I am a college student (community college) so idk if that will work. Is high school enough? I am planning on going to the community college to get my pre requisites done to go to nursing school. 
Yes the phone runs pretty good tbh. But the battery life fucking sucks, I rarely used my portable charger because it used to last. Now I use it about 3 times a day, especially in school. Sucks to suck oh well. 
Is the Pixel 2 up on display at Best Buy? I don't think there is a Verizon store near me 
I agree, and when I see the new season I will definitely turn it off. I do it when I re watch a movie or tv show to see if it adds some zest to it I guess. 
Tbh I prefer smooth too. I have this Samsung tv that makes movies look smooth af ( I think it’s 120fps or something). My uncle hates that though lmao. Idk what’s wrong, looks better. Directors are humans and last time I checked my eye refreshes more than 24fps lmao. 
Now do it 24 times every second, add the audio, and send it to me pls thx
They unfortunately need experience, and I don’t have any. If you know anyone that’s hiring, please tell me!! What about corporate offices? You think they’re looking? Or maybe hotels?
Thanks i might try this
Thanks!
Damn it I barely saw the typo, well it’s your phone so you can keep it lol. 
0% for now, after 14 months it’s going to be that amount. Interesting, thank you!
Can you please change the font??? On on Earth can you read that lol. 
Yes sir. 
What’s a good APR? I think on the card is like 12-25%. Is that good or bad? 
Good advice, guess it’s time to search this subreddit more. 
Yes sir. I will only use it for my phone bill and internet, which is the same amount every month, and I will for a fact have enough to pay it in full. 
Thank you sir! 
Got it. I will make sure I can pay it off in full every month. Thanks
Yes I know, but what happens if I do just the minimum? I will try my hardest to pay it in full (I won’t go over $150 on my $500 limit), but will the minimum payment affect my score a lot? Or what’s the difference? A couple points?
Is it a good idea to spend my credit card on everything? Spotify, amazon, phone bill, internet bill, etc? I will have the money, as I’ve been paying those no problem for month now. I might convert everything to my credit card. Good idea or keep using my debit for everything?? 
Thank you sir!
I think it’s for more than 12 months. And then it’s 12% or something. What even is APR? I’m completely new to this, and I’m a senior in high school (yay education system). 
So wait until the 13th to make a payment? Okay then thanks!! I will probably call up the bank and ask away on how to set this all up. 
I have a Bank Of America Bankamericard, I’m not so sure it has any reward of any kind. How do I check? All I know that’s it’s a MasterCard. Thanks. 
Thanks for your response!! It’s amazing what people on the internet can do for someone lol. 
Thank you. I might call them and ask questions. 
I’m not dumb, I don’t go over $100 on my credit card, and will pay it in full. But, i barely got my credit car on September, but i already used it, and the app says I owe nothing yet? I might just pay it off see what happens. 
Isn’t that the point of a credit card though? Like, why not pay more than the minimum payment? You don’t have to pay it off just like that lol. Also idk what I’m talking about, I’m new to this credit thing. 
Not gonna happen, there are literary millions of people that use the app everyday, especially to keep up with their streaks. Companies love Snapchat since millions use it everyday, and, I admit, I have clicked on a couple things here and there. 
I had that issue when I bought my iPhone 6 at Best Buy not too long ago, it was more of a corner type thing than the whole screen, also had static in the earpiece. Just exchanged it for another one, and this one works well. 
Holy shit this dude has like 1000 apps. No wonder lmao
Interesting.. I had that on my iPhone 6, it was a defect, switched it out for another one and I can’t hear it. Maybe it’s defective?
Sorta same story, this guy stopped me in the middle for the road, told me, well yelled at me to "Stop the engine bro!!" "Your tire!!!" I tried to tell him I know what the problem is, but he told me to pull over. He comes over and starts speaking mad English (he seemed Cuban to me), and idk why he didn't spoke Spanish as I can speak Spanish, but anyway, he told me to not drive my car and he was even offering me a tow truck he was going to pay to make sure I got home safe. Good guy. 
Sorta same story, this guy stopped me in the middle for the road, told me, well yelled at me to "Stop the engine bro!!" "Your tire!!!" I tried to tell him I know what the problem is, but he told me to pull over. He comes over and starts speaking mad English (he seemed Cuban to me), and idk why he didn't spoke Spanish as I can speak Spanish, but anyway, he told me to not drive my car and he was even offering me a tow truck he was going to pay to make sure I got home safe. Good guy. 
Bought a locked iPhone 6. Using a website called iPhoneimeiunlock.com and I'm just waiting to see if it works. 
I understand, but more people means it's going to be harder to make everything the same and that it will work FLAWLESSLY. And GE does not update it's products on a yearly basis, software wise anyway
He is paying a lot to att, why not do with an nvmo with same coverage and pay less?? 
Better yet, get cricket. 
Honestly, I think it's going to be hard for apple to keep up, I mean, not only are they going to have to support the iPhone for a while because they're powerful, but also since they're not opened like Android, they're the only ones that could update these. Also they have iPads, iPods, and other devices that need upgrading, and *at the same time*. That is going to be hard, and I am worrying that future updates could have these issues. 
Concur, had a 6P before, I recognize it anywhere
Same here, and comes with Hulu. Pretty cool, since I am still in high school, but I take some Dual Credit classes, which I have my own .edu email and everything. Pretty nice tbh
I'm paying $5 for Spotify premium and comes with Hulu limited ads version. It's a fucking steal, but I don't know if it will last...
itshectorson
There is a new law in Texas about this, I didn't know and wasted like 3 hours at the DPS, fortunately I finished those videos and fuck me they were sad. But, sure as hell made me want to not use my phone. 
Asus software (I had a ZF3Zoom so it has lots of apps) and then all the Verizon shit?? That is going to be one slow ass motherfucker
Had a Nexus 6P. Loved that thing. Unfortunately it bootlooped on me...twice. And unfortunately, I bought it off Best Buy, and Google wouldn't do shit. I was done, I live Android, but I can't believe Google couldn't do anything because I didn't buy it from them directly. I'm going iPhone this year for support, I am done calling for support after Huawei and their shit customer service (they had my 6P for a solid month because of a lot of repairs or some shit). iPhone 8 plus for me, and I do own an iPhone 6, but I want a bigger screen and dual camera, also 3D touch and whatnot. Also, I like the idea of walking into any Apple store and getting support. 
Holy shit lmao they read my comment!!
Yes, had a Nexus 6P, and after two replacements due to bootloops, I sold the one they replaced the second one with. I bought an iPhone 6, it's good enough, but the lack of 3D touch and the lacking camera is showing its age. Also, I am planning on getting the plus variant, I like big phones. 
It's cool only if you buy it from them, I purchased mine on Best Buy...nada. Mean. I tried and tried...
I had a Nexus 6P and I felt awesome. Sweet design and everything, everyone asking me what is it and asking if they could hold it (I was at a FedEx store the other day and a stranger asked me if he could hold it). Felt good until bootloop😒. Now I have this ZTE Max XL and it's not a bad design, but it's not a 6P and the software sucks (2GB IS NOT ENOUGH) looking forward to getting my iPhone 6 unlocked so I can use it. I might buy the iPhone 8 plus if the Pixel 2 disappoints. 
Nice, but the software is A HUGE TURNOFF. Had a ZenFone 3 Zoom before....not again until Asus stops with their Zenshit 
It had it on the iPhone 6s which also had a headphone jack, but the newer models had a bigger and more powerful engine, guess that's why it's gone. 
Lmao I was about to say this 
That's good, I'm still mad that this shit happened. Oh well this world sucks. 
Is the vibration motor really that small and has that kind of feedback? Interesting....
Damnit too late. Well, I wasn't going to wait years to get my $15 check on the mail anyway. 
I mean how it shows 60fps on all resolutions while I only get them on 720/1080
Fuck why does it do that???? Is it also true for iOS?
I just had a date to sign up, I don't know if I am safe. I saw some other redditors that have gotten a message that said that they might have been affected. I will wait until the day comes and sign up. Also, unfortunately by doing that, we agreed that we can't sue them incase something goes wrong, oh well ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
I don't have one either, but my parents have used my name and stuff to buy things (like a stove and stuff) to build up credit. I have a shit credit score anyways (thx Credit Karma) and it says that one of the sources is Equifax so I am for sure going to be affected by this. Idk how to proceed. 
Really?? I think it looks slimmer tbh. But the way he positioned the fingerprint scanner, it looked ugly as fuck. I like the current design
But the Mi Mix 2 looks sexy af. But for sure it's not going to support US bands, but it I can get 3g or something, I'm good. The Pixel 2 leaks are looking pretty ugly tbh 
How come he has 144p60? While I only used to see up to 720p60+?? Interesting...
Will update if it works 😂

Update: it worked!!
It's free. I don't have an iPhone, but my friend used it and seemed to work. 
I'm not smart myself, but I am actually curious if the lenses feature causes the bad image quality? Why is that?? Snapchat should have an option to enable or disable the lenses, I am sure it will make the quality better and boost performance. 
If it supports US bands, at least att and TMobile, I will be very interested. By the leaks for the Pixel 2, the design looks pretty ugly, especially from the back. 
If only it works in high school, I have some dual credit classes. If I go to community college website, I can log in and see my schedule. Will that work??
Wondering too, I'm using PIA and literally all of the VPN I've tried are blocked, except a couple like X VPN, but I want to use PIA since it's faster and more secure than free ones. I'm using an Android device so the app has more options. 
I think it only works on Oreo, running Nougat and there is no such option. Thanks though. 
> soon to be Pixel XL 2
Because it’s useful to quickly glance at an image full screen, like just the image and nothing else, no buttons or anything. And maybe it could be optional. I think it would be useful. 
Yeah why not I'm going to test it. But I really do love relay 
Using relay rn, YES pls /u/DBrady
Switched to Spotify and haven't looked back 
I'm in high school and I got all the Office products for free on my computer. Great since I need to do some PowerPoints and word. I don't know when will in expire, guess when I graduate? 
Damn wtf is up with your status bar??? Fix that shit 
It would honestly be pretty cool if scrolling through your subscription section and the videos auto play when in the middle area, or maybe all of them do. Might save some clicks to see if it's actually worth watching. Maybe in the future. 
Our family uses that on home wifi wtf lol 
It's Total Wireless. I think it's tracfone. I had cricket before, but the iPhone 6 was $199 and I decided to try it out. 
What's will all the Spint wifi thing mean? I also see it with T-Mobile wifi and such. How come I don't get that? Running iPhone 6 on TFW
Holy shit I forgot that existed lmao 
Instagram was storing more than 400MB on my phone, even though I have plenty of storage, I rarely use the app, and it was up there with other heavy apps like Snapchat. Uninstalled. Instagram is dying anyways. 
It's ok, imgur links open on the browser if not linked properly, no stream able support, or can't even control gif speed. Pls u/dbrady
Too bad ZenUI is ugly and bloated (even has snake oil apps) supposedly it was going to get fixed with O, but I was impatient and returned the ZenFone 3 Zoom. Oh well. 
PLEASE MAKE AN APP FOR IOS THE OFFICIAL APPS SUCKS!!!!!!
It's the worst. I understand how it's safer, but it's slow as fuck. And if you move the card just a little bit it cancels it. Chip is dumb. 
I completely forgot about Dex and the whole computer thing. With this Dex, Bixby, Samsung bloatware and VR, no wonder these phones slow down...still the Note 8 looks good. 
I'm going to miss Relay for Reddit. It was my favorite and most used app. Very user friendly and beautiful animations. 
I recently bought an iPhone 6. It was 32GB space grey off Best Buy. Came with iOS 10.2.1 I think. 
It does not require root, it's just a normal apk you can install. I think it least. 
And how would I go on doing that while spending the least amount of money?
Had a Zenfone 3 Zoom, I don't know why Asus loves the word "Zen" and it's in literally all of its products, but I returned it because of the software. Even though it was on 7.1.1, the theme or whatever crap ZenUI crap they did was awful, full of big icons and ugly notification drawer and snake oil shit like "boosters", unbelievable. 
I just got mines (199 new) and works fine. I will probably upgrade to a 7 plus or the 7s plus later on though. 
I noticed it on the ZenWatch 2 also, not sure where Asus gets all their displays. 
Try going online and tweet to their support and get people to notice, maybe they will do something by then. 
Maybe to discover new sites I can use. 
No unfortunately I bought it cash. 
At this point we know what it looks like so why bother with shitty "leaks". 
Yeah and I prefer new stuff anyway. Plus not a huge fan of the design of the current pixel. 
Maybe you all were lucky and got a good device, unfortunately I did not and I could not live with the fact of a boot loop (first world problem am I right) so I sold before it was worth nothing. 
Yeah I kept an eye on Nexus devices (I remember looking at the Nexus 4) but of course I did not work because I was not old enough, so now that I have a job and stuff, I saw the latest Nexus and liked the design very much and went with it. Shame about the damn boot loop......
I'm trying this new app Mercari, I tried selling my Nexus 6P off EBay but I got confused and sold it off Swappa instead. I updated the price to $60
Yeah it was the old iPhone 6 32 space gray. I am very happy with this phone even though it has a smaller screen surprisingly. 
What are you taking about I bought the 4GB ram variant which was $299. The iPhone 6 was $199 on a pre paid carrier and ended up paying $253 for everything. Way better device and I get Apple Pay. And the display was not evenly lit up that's why. 
I feel like I am the only one who thinks the back looks ugly. 
Another reason why I returned the Moto G5 Plus and got a iPhone 6. Well the lack of NFC and crappy display also made me switch, but the main reason is that it was on 7.0 on a old security patch. Disappointing. 
Meh I don't care, I don't like HTC or LG emojis, I don't mind the Samsung ones. I prefer the iOS ones myself and I like the new Google ones. 
I will SERIOUSLY miss Relay for Reddit. Such a beautiful and very user friendly app with amazing animations. I wish it came to iOS!!
I got the iPhone 6 for $199 and a $35 plan. Total cost was $253. Way less than the Zenfone 3 Zoom. I was really trying to like the Zoom, but in the end I could not and now I am very happy with the 6. Can't wait for iOS 11. 
Had that phone. Hated the fact that there was no 5Ghz wifi and the design was...weird, especially at the front, the navigation buttons looked ugly and out of place and where the glass met the body of the phone, I always had dust or something stuck on it. Also there was no NFC so no android pay, and I also did not like the fact that I had to disable 90% of the pre installed Asus stuff, and still even though I did all of that, i could not keep a lot of apps running in the background. The ram management SUCKED. The camera was always running, which means now I have the camera on top of android OS and UI running and Snapchat. So Spotify constantly re loaded, I could not use Relay and instagram at the same time while listening to music because one of them will close. So I had enough of that, and returned it for the iPhone 6. What a major upgrade. I can keep multiple apps opened, Spotify rarely closes, Snapchat is very smooth, and still lasts me all day. Also 5Ghz wifi and NFC (Although limited to Apple Pay) is nice. 

Edit: also the display, eve though it was AMOLED, I used a Nexus 6P previously, and it looked VERY different. The blacks aren't deep blacks, instead it's this weird brown color thing (I noticed it's the same as my Asus Zenwatch 2) and some colors looked...off. Like when launching Relay for Reddit, the splash screen has a gray background, and looks fine on the 6P, while on the Zoom, it looked reddish brown. Who knows what they are doing with their displays. Also the Blue Light Filter mode SUCKED. It turned everything more blue and green instead. 
Absolutely not, when I had an HTC when my 6P was held hostage at the Huawei repair center, I HATED those emojis. They are ugly!! But, they are not as ugly as the LG ones. I like some Samsung ones (I really like the laughing one for some reason lol) 
The iPhone 6 was $199, all I had to do was buy a plan since it's locked. So in the end I paid a total of a little more than $250. The camera is also way better and Snapchat runs like butter. The carrier is also a pre paid plan so I did not have to sign any contract, so at that price and guaranteed updates until probably iOS 12, I'm all for it. 
Yeah maybe because it's new and I have very few apps and no games. Still though, the 32GB storage option I got is way more than enough. 
That's what I did, returned the Moto G5 Plus since no NFC was a deal breaker and the screen was not that good. Got an iPhone 6 instead. Surprisingly, it's super quick and running the latest version of iOS while the G5 Plus was on 7.0 with a an old security patch. Unbelievable. 
Who would buy a phone brand from a phone carrier??? Say good bye to software updates
Meh don't mind the display, and now I do get 5Ghz WiFi so that is a major plus. And I'm personally waiting on the next iPhone. 
Just exchanged the Zenfone 3 Zoom for a Moto g5 Plus. Could not stand the horrible ram management. And the software was not *that* bad, but still. Got the 4GB ram model of the g5. 
Lol I just went to best buy as well, and yeah the restocking fee is ridiculous but whatever. Just bought the Moto g5 Plus.  I got the 4gb ram model and so far so good. Only downside is that it's micro USB instead of USB C but I can live with that. 
Recently picked up a ZenFone 3 Zoom as well, but the missing 5Ghz band is really bothering me, and  some people are saying to stay away from Asus devices, Zenui is not that bad, and I have disabled/uninstall pretty much everything. I still have a couple days to return it. Might pick up an honor 8 or 6X. The camera is very good, not as good as the 6P, but good enough. Let's see how this goes
Well, thanks a lot, when I do get the Mi5s plus, then I will post info here to see if I do have a legit version. Or maybe I can PM you if you are good with Mi devices. Thanks a lot!!
I just went to the wiki, and I saw that the Mi5s plus has no Global ROM. So is this legit? And can I use china ROM in the US? Thanks again. 
Thanks, will Google play store be pre installed? Of will I have to manually add it via APK? I also live in the US and planning on using the phone off Cricket (att), will it work? I mostly care about being able to receive and send calls/SMS messages, so will it work just fine?? Thanks!
Sold mines and now I'm waiting for my Mi5s plus to come in. 
Wow yeah I understand now, hopefully in the future they will see that Snapchat is not as popular as it is now and release such an app, but time will tell
I don't understand why they don't release a "lite" version of the app, like with no lenses (those live filters) and none of that extra stuff you can do now, like change the color of something, and cut stuff out..it's all unnecessary and I don't use any of that. Just make a lite app. How hard can that be??
Came to Houston, TX too, about to try it out. 
How long did you stay? I've been there for a long time now, I got it to trigger but then cancelled
Why do you want to decrypt the phone anyway? Faster app launch? Seriously??
Pretty expensive phone with no fingerprint scanner. Plus it's LG
Second this 
Mainly the reason I went back to N, Snapchat was just garbage on O. 
You're on the first build of 6.0.1? I can't imagine the security vulnerabilities.....
Ohh I see now. Interesting...
Yeah, still in High School, might just wait and see. Thanks 
I bought the tablet at Best buy. And we'll, it's Amazon brand so I don't know what you mean??
Nice, but att? Really?? You should of gotten it unlocked...
Snapchat ran like garbage on O, could not stand it and just went back to 7.1.2. Great so far, miss the colored music notifications though
Had a Fire 7 with ads, had it for a couple months, then asked Amazon if they can remove them since I have been a prime customer for a while. They agreed, waived the fee and got no ads. If it holds with phones, I think it's a good thing. 
I have a frost one from an RMA, my original was aluminum, I actually like the look now, makes the visor pop out more. More noticeable too
I loose my wallet sometimes in my room, look under the bed, it's gonna be there lol 
I bought mines off Best buy, asked for a refund and the guy would not budge. Oh well 😑
Add Huawei Customer Service to the list, I once had a call that lasted me 44 minutes for my RMA status. Man....
Yes happens *sometimes*. Here is proof: https://streamable.com/z5z05 also pisses me off that the images come out rotated wrong and I have to manually rotate them correctly. Also sometimes happens.  
I would REALLY like to, but I have the fear in the back of my mind that it will bootloop on me for the 3rd time, so I am honestly waiting on the new iPhone, or see if the Pixel 2 or the Note 8 is good.  
Would of been a lot better if they did that interface in the lock screen, no need to unlock, an over lay like you can get when you download those lock screen apps. Big buttons and nice interface would be perfect. I like the sounds it makes when I press lol. 
I've was on O, but I could not stand the performance of Snapchat. Now back to N 7.1.2 and so far, so good. 
Fuck that's ugly 
Mind if you link the wallpaper please???
Huh, I thought I was the only one who used the chat help line as I am *always* in the 1 spot lol
Snapchat on O ran like complete monkey shit. So bad, I reverted back to 7.1.2. And I'm actually pretty happy, since the phone runs less hot now, and it's pretty quick for a change. Unfortunately, I've been loosing battery in 2% intervals (only recently idk what's going on) and reverting back did not fix it. Guess mine will eventually early shutdown, and bad part is that I purchased my phone on June 2016. Oh well
Dark Pixel nav bars??
Thank you so much!!!
Thank you for your input!! I have some questions, what about my achievements and honors sections? Just erase them all together? And how about my references? Put them at the bottom? I started this resume as an assignment for my English class and my teacher had a template and worked from there. What should I put for my work experience? As what I have mostly there, you told me to list them as skills. So, I should say what I did there and how I was making the company money? Thank you!!
Can you link the wallpaper? 
Does not work with Amazon music. Amazon should really update the app for the notification, it's small and ugly. 
They did the same to me as well, I guess they either ran out of 32gb phones, or they are being nice to their customer since they know for a fact that maybe, just maybe, this phone is DEFECTIVE!!!! But hey, more storage 
Sent in a 32g aluminum to Huawei for RMA, for a frost 64g back, not bad 
Happy to get it!! Thanks!!
It does? I have O dp3 right now since I just got bored of N and the only issue I have is with Snapchat, snaps take a second to show up every damn time and it's annoying
Yes, that's what I did I extracted the image zip, and contained some more files, but it still said some files where missing. Yes I also did lock the boot loader. Running O dp 3 right now. Thanks!!
Followed the one from XDA, when I tried the one from Google, and did the "flash all" bat file or whatever, kept telling me some things are missing, while the one at XDA worked and running good
Do I follow the steps that are said there, or the ones that another redditor linked the XDA page and to follow step 10? Thanks. 
Using Resurrection Remix ATM, running great and came with Magisk, don't really need the rooting thing, just came with it, but when Android O officially drops, I'm going to revert back to 100% stock, or buy the One+ 5 (that is if it does not bootloop on me for the 3rd time)
Fuck dude how many apps you got????😂😂 I only have like 13 on a 64gb phone lol
You got to be kidding me lol. Still though, can't wait for the One+ 5
I use the one from iCarez, great quality protectors and great customer service
Yeah but with Resurrection Remix, I have disabled background process and now Snapchat does not appear on my ram section, but does not matter since Android OS is now using between 800-1000 MBs of ram anyway so did not change anything
Can't wait. My Nexus 6P can't keep Snapchat, Spotify, Kik, and Relay open at the same time, the amount of ram the system uses is ridiculous on N. Even worse when I open the camera, *everything* closes no matter the app. 
Yeah, can't wait to get $3 in the mail soon!!!!
Why oh why would you buy a phone that came out in 2015????? If I where you, I would of waited for the One+ 5
That's only if you bought it off the Google store, if bought somewhere else (bought mines off Best Buy) you're stuck with Huawei and their crappy customer service. Already had 2 on me boot loop 😑
Same except running Resurrection Remix
I got sent a label via mail, and I went to my local UPS store and I paid for packaging only. It was received by then some 3 days after and then...in more than a month I got my damn phone back after calling and calling them. Not sure what ticket is, probably that's what they use for each case, but anyway, hope yours goes to plan. And remember, you paid for a phone and you expect it to work, if it takes more than 2 weeks i would call them back literally every​day like I did until I got my damn device back. 
Already had 2 go into bootloop. Sure enough my third is going to be next so might as well make it worth while, I have a Resurrection Remix running and it has been awesome. Hope it lasts until the One+ 5 comes out, lock the boot loader, make it 100% stock and sell it on Swappa for about $200 (it's a frost 64gb so I think it's fair). I went with Huawei for the RMA (what a nightmare)
Same LMAO I have a piece of paper in my wallet....not the best place but it works😂
Same, waiting for that One+ or the new Pixel, meanwhile I got my 6P running Resurrection Remix and it is the best, although I am sure it will boot loop eventually (it's my 3rd one the other 2 went into bootloop 100% stock) , might as well make the experience good at least. If it dies quick, might see if I can get a replacement via warranty if I can manage to re lock the boot loader and stuff, if not I might just get a Moto or some cheap Xioami or something that works on ATT. 
Using Resurrection Remix, great ROM with endless customization, comes with Magisk and substratum support, also magisk has magisk hide so I have Android pay (it's activated but haven't actually tried it yet) Snapchat and Netflix. Also excellent battery life, I did not install any custom kernel or anything. 
Interesting...I'm running Resurrection Remix now, and it does not get that hot unless I'm on Snapchat all the time. Still very solid and great customization. 
Second this, Android 7.1.2, and the may security patch, and it's very customizable and has magisk and substratum build in. Magisk hide works very well, have Netflix, Snapchat and Android pay working fine. 10/10 and it's very stable
Is it safe to delete the files I used to install the rom, gapps, and vendor IMG in the files? Like they are right on the storage (when I opened up the files, they are there, no need to click on any folders). Just asking as they are taking up some storage and just wondering if they are needed or not. Thanks
It does and I installed it, but there was no app or anything unfortunately. Guess I will just leave it as is. I will delete the thread 
Interesting! Mine was also an international variant even though I live in the US. They called me back and went through it though. I will suggest to call like everyday until you get a working phone that you paid for, those monkeys over there can't do their job right (apart for some people)
Been running Resurrection Remix on 7.1.2 for a couple days rooted with magisk and substratum and it's been great!! Android pay does not work so does Snapchat or Netflix, but don't care since I am enjoying my customization. 10/10 stable 
Not sure, I think it's about the same. I've had no major bugs so far, and everything works so it's a good ROM 
Alright, just because I don't want to install some more things, I'mma just leave it as is. Also, can I delete the files for the rom zip, gapps, and the vendor image located in my storage when I transferred it to my phone to install? Thanks
I got magisk right now. What are some apps that are essential? Can I install adaway? How about Viper4Android off the play store? Thanks 
Since I know my 6P is going to eventually bootloop as I've had 2 of them already, might as well install a custom ROM. Running Resurrection Remix right now, and holy shit it breathed new life to my phone, the amount of customization is ridiculous, and works just fine. I had Pure Nexus, but pn is child's play compared to this. 
Yep wiped everything except one. Working great and has MANY more features than pn
I'm going to install rr now since I always wanted rr anyway. Thanks! I also did install SuperSU when I first install twrp idk if that messed things up 
I can't find the root option on here. And how to I know Wich correct vendor image? When I first booted pn, it told me to flash the correct vendor image and I did. Will it tell me? Thanks. 
I really don't like how Google cares so much about YouTube on the iOS side, and doesn't give a shit about Android, their app looks like it's been the same ugly design for like 2 years no, all I want is the bottom navigation!! I have a damn Nexus!!!! Google get your shit together
Interesting sent in a 32gb aluminum 6p and got back a 64gb frost. It's been great so far so can't complain
Shit this drives me crazy, I have it set to sleep after 1 minute, and I have to unlock every damn time I see something in Netflix, hopefully they fix it soon. 
Don't buy this phone right now, it's been having issues, especially with the battery like early shit down. I have not experienced bad battery life, but I've had 2 6p's bootloop on me 100% stock, and going with Huawei as the RMA was a nightmare. Get yourself something else 
Currently on my 3rd one, both that I've had went into bootloop, completely stock. 
The new iPhone is about to come out...you should of waited lol
You can easily do that on iPhones, but I would like an option to enable that. 
Even with the lock enabled when you boot it up??
Reminds me of the Snapchat emojis and Facebook ones....all I want are the iOS emojis, they're the best. 
Damn what is the point then???? I don't get it....
Well good thing I am not gonna download the beta of O even though it looks cool....
Can you reply to messages within the lock screen? Or do you have to unlock the phone? Thanks
The notification shade looks a lot like what other manufacturers are doing, like LG and Samsung. I saw it on the O demo when they showed it. I personally won't install the beta since...it's a beta. 
Are the filters like the Snapchat ones? Are they smooth like Snapchat on iPhones? 
Lmfao😂😂😂😂
I think they are upgrading the storage size if it took a long time. Mine was with them for more than a month. Sent in a 32g aluminum and got back a new 64g frost. 
Pretty much the only reason I updated it. Came with 6.0.1 which I used for about a week until I realized the security was 2 years old. 
Well damn, after getting fed up with their shitty ass Customer Service, I emailed someone at the company...and for a new phone the next day. If it was not for him, idk when I would of gotten it back tbh. Also, sent in a 32g aluminum and got a 64g frost. So maybe the month was worth the wait lol 
Mine came with 6.0.1
I got one from Huawe after I emailed someone and they sent me one. Sent in a 32g aluminum and got a 64g Frost with 6.0.1 on the 2015 security patch. I recently updated it to 7.1.2 so let's see how that goes
What do you mean? The Nexus 6P was a great phone....until recently they are shutting down early and going into boot loop. I don't know if they mention that, but this phone is a huge headache, and the company is also one. Not gonna buy another Huawei device. 
Same thing for me, but I emailed someone at the company, and he sent me a 64g frost even tho I sent them a 32g. And I do think it's new, since it came in a white Huawei box, and it came with 6.0.1. I'm going to stay on that for a while. 
Mine was for about a month. I got tried if calling them and emailed someone at the company, immediately apologized and he sent me a 64g frost new 6P a day later. Sent in a 32g aluminum. If it wasn't for him, idk when I would of gotten it back. Gonna stay in 6.0.1 until the OP5 comes out. 
Youre on 6.0.1? You mean the security patches? How? If I want to update mine, it goes directly to 7.1.1. 
Don't buy one, there are better phones out there, and sure it looks really nice and premium, but I've already had 2 of them bootloop on me for no reason at all (both on N and fully stock, never rooted) and now I waited for more than a month to get my phone back, and now that I finally have one, I'm staying on 6.0.1. But still, I guess he can buy whatever he wants 
I just got mines after them having it for a month. Someone else sent me another phone (double the memory storage and different color) and it's been good so far. Gonna keep it on 6.0.1 for a while until the boot loop issue gets fixed. 


Same and their customer support is great. Have received 3 of them just by emailing them, and it cost me like $9 what a bargain
Yeah I do really thing 7 is the cause of all the bootloop issues. When I get mine later on today, I will just do the security patches and stay on 6.0.1 
What version of Android where you on? I was on 7 when 2 6Ps went into bootloop
I thought I was the only one that was annoyed that the woman said "please continue hold" that pissed me off lol 
Damn yeah. Oh well, really wanted to try out some. Thanks I guess
Been using the the Poetic Affinity case in black/clear and it's great. Awesome grip and looks. Also their customer service is great! Im on my 3rd one, the other two got pretty badly scratched. But other than that, great case 
Get lost I was in a hurry
You got Huawei el paso number?? Can I have it?? They have had my phone for over a month after it went into bootloop and nothing has happened. Can you PM me? Thank you 
Too bad mine went int a bootloop again and I'm dealing with Huawei. But anyway looks good 
No,great phone but the bootloop and the battery problems are imminent, take it from me, I've had 2 of them do that on me completely stock. Such a dissapointment 
Interesting the refurbished one I got when my first 6p went into bootloop and the refurbished one also had the same faith, the refurbished one imei did not belong in the US??? What??? I've given up at this point 
I'm in the us and the fist time I did it, it was quick. Now my phone is held hostage at their repair center for more than a month now and I am lost. Gonna give them a serious call today. 
I went to the store (I bought mines off them also)  and they told me they can't do anything about it since I've had it for almost a year now. They did said that if I would of gotten their warranty, that I should of just came in, and they would of exchange it for a brand new one and Bam. Of course I think their lying but idk man...I should of bought it after what's going on with me and them. 
I received an email that my case has been (finally) escalated after weeks of calling them asking where is my damn phone. If I don't get it by today, I'm going to call again and use your tip I'm done with that company
Same thing for me, been a month and at this point, I don't think I'll be getting my phone anytime soon, and I did get an email saying they have escalated my case. I am done calling them and wasting my time. 
Because I want people to see how my experience has been with them and how they are taking forever to give me back my phone I paid money for. I don't care about karma, and just want to give people a heads up that might be in some other thread. 
Also their horrendous customer service and their repairs, it's been more than a month since I've sent in my phone under warranty. I honestly don't think I'm getting it back at this point tbh 
Mines went into a bootloop like the first one, still waiting for my 3rd one, its been more than a month
I'm In Texas as well, and the fist time I did an rma, it was shipped to Allen, Texas. Can't recall where it was shipped this time exactly, but I know it was in Texas as well. Very dissatisfied
Really???? Interesting, I will definitely give that a try. Got a link to where I can chat? Thank you 
I decided to keep shut. I am done wasting my time with them. I did call yesterday, and they finally escalated my case (I got an email saying so), so I'm just going to wait now. I am done with their bs. And yeah of course I'll update when I receive it 
Its been more than a month. If I dont get it by tomorrow, theyre going to get fucking blasted with calls demanding a refund. Never ever going to buy a phone from them, i am done 
Still waiting for my damn 6P I sent them more than a month ago. Called them multiple times with the same bs excuse. Never buying from them again, I am sure they lost my phone. And I dont know what to do tbh, and I would really like my phone back.
Trust me man, i will fucking call everyday *twice* to get a final answer. 
I would do that, but I dont want that to happen while I am doing something important. 
Yeah i need mines also, but oh well. Cant really do anything 
They told me they where also going to get back to me. Well then, as of now, they have either stolen my phone, or just lost it. Either way, if I don't get it by Friday, I will fucking demand a refund or a partial one at least. 
It's actually been more than a month since HOLLOWAY has received my device (According to UPS tracking). Who know if they have lost it, but I'm not the only one with this rma nightmare, apperently they have a big workload because my guess a lot of 6Ps are going into bootloop and dying prematurely
Yeah if I don't get my phone back I will literally call every single fucking day and demand a refund. Can't live without​ a good phone 
If I don't get my damn 6P back from the repair center I sent in a *month* ago, I will definitely ask for a refund, or at least partial refund,and get this one. I know it does not have a headphone jack, but it if comes with some nice ones I would not mind. 
Same boat man, i called and the guy (who spoke very good english) said that he was going to get in touch with his manager and get my case escalated or something like that. He was a good rep and i hope i get it by this week (better not get my hopes up to high now)
Good to know i went to the ups on the 22 so i hope to get it back by this week. I did call them and they said theyre going to prioritize or something like that. 
Out of curiosity, did you get an email for the replacement? When i get mines back, i will keep it on 6 since upgrading to 7, 2 of them went into bootloop and maybe thats the cause? Or at least, one less thing to worry about 
😂😂  i shipped it out to them on the 22. Need it back asap!!  
Fuck dude its been like what? Almost 40 days now?? If i get my phone with a defect of some sort, i will fucking go on them HARD MAN. 
Ive had 2 fully stock do that. They where on android N, so this time when i get my device back (its been more than a month), i wont update it anytime soon. 
Yes same I'm waiting for the next iPhone to come out. Or the next oneplus as well
Since I think you live it the US, get ready to wait my man. It's been a fucking month since they have received my phone after it went into a bootloop again. And I haven't heard fucking nothing. Never buying from them again
Can't seem to find the clock widget. You got a link? 
Damn, well it's better than nothing I guess
Been a month. Send them a message on Twitter, told them they better give me an incentive for waiting for this long, I told them free headphones are good. Also said I won't buy a phone from them again, and that I was going to tell my friends and family members to not buy from them also. Same boat as you bud, been 31 days since some fucking HOLLOWAY has received it and nothing
Same thing with me, it's been a month now. Currently sent them a message on Twitter telling them they better give a damn incentive for waiting for so long like free fucking headphones. Also told them that I will never buy from them again and I'm telling my family members and Friends
Can someone explain what happens if it does go through? I've had 2 of them go into bootloop on me completely stock. Would I get money? I bought it off Best Buy. I'm also currently waiting for my 2nd rma, and it's been over a month now. 
They ask for your name, email, and phone #, not your address or SS. Your good, sign up so they can see the amount of people affected 
Can someone cross-post this off the Android sub to get more people in this??  Also signed up after 2 6Ps went into bootloops
Use the poetic affinity one, looks badass and their customer service is good (I have a total of 3 cases, one that I bought and 2 I've got as replacements)
It's now been a damn month. And absolutely nothing. Pretty disappointed and they're not saying anything. Neither is Google. We're treated like nothing, and honestly,  why should they? It's a year old phone, and I am looking at other devices (patiently waiting for the next iPhone) and I could understand why they're taking their time, but this long it's just ridiculous and I paid $500 and I expect a damn working phone. 
Also that there are no login servers available at this time ( in my school anyway )
I called customer service,  I'm not sure if he was a best buy employee. This was months ago tho
I bought it last year on the 5th months. And that's the only way they can give me my money back according to a rep I spoke at best buy. Worth a Try I guess 
Be warned friend,  if you go with Huawei for the rma, it's going to be a LONG time. It's been A MONTH since I've first shipped it out to them and I just barely got an email from the repair center telling me that they have received my device and are now going to take a look at it..
Wut. This is not my first time doing an rma through them, first time was quick and simple. This is the second and last time. I'm telling myself I won't buy a Huawei device again, but damn does the honor c8 pro looks damn good... still waiting:))
I'm probably going to sell mines as well on swappa, but I really don't want to at the same time since I really liked that phone a lot, and I have a new case and TGSP for it. If I don't an email from them by tomorrow, I'm going to request a refund by asking them to label my phone as defective (apperently that's the only way Best buy will give me my money back). Really disappointed and Huawei or Google has said shit 
Huawei listen up, I've had 2 N6P's bootlooped on me for no reason (both completely stock, never rooted) and now I've been waiting almost a month for my replacement to come in. I think I'm not the only one with this issue...
Even with pia? Imma have to speak with their customer support and see 
Yeah me too I got an email saying they got my product. Pretty disappointed,  but I'll live 
They just see that I am using a VPN,  but they can also see what I am doing?? So what's the point??


I have a VPN service (pia) and I am safe while downloading movies off apps like Showbox or popcorn time right? 
I have it.....Never use it lol
Are you in the US? If so prepare to WAIT 
Shit pia? Damn....Pia does not work on my school work for some reason, but hotspot shield and psiphon work just fine. Don't trust them so I rarely use them (I do that have it installed I just get it when I need to) sice they're always running in the background​ can't trust
If you're in the US the you're fucked. I've been waiting 4 weeks since it was received from them (according to UPS it was received by HOLLOWAY on the 24) now for my phone and still nothing.  Worst service ever 
Been close to 4 weeks since I have shipped it out to them, and about 3 weeks have passed,  and I barely got an email saying that they have received my product and are now going to take a look at it... what?? This is not my first time doing an rma, the last time I did it a couple months ago, it was about 2 weeks for the process. Can't wait for the new iPhone to come out, Google can't do shit since I did not bought it from them. 
I went to ups to ship the phone out to them, like less than 4 weeks ago, and I barely yesterday I got an email saying that they have received my device and are now going to take a look at it. What?? I don't understand what's going on npw, last time I did it, it was less than 3 weeks for the process,  and now it's taking forever. Wonder why....
I've had 2 boot looped one me completely stock, never rooted or anything. Now I'm still waiting for my replacement...it's been 3 weeks 
How did you apply? Just walk in all nice and ask for an interview? Because on their website, there are no steps or whatever. Thanks 
Don't buy the 6P, they WILL go into a bootloop and Huawei just blames it on google. I've had 2 and the 3rd one is not here yet, but they told me not to update it. Here's to lasting it at least until the next iphone comes out 
You had to get the verizon model didn't you?? What an ugly ass brand in the back, and all the bloatware it has pre installed. Im only going to buy flagships from the manufacturer only, even if it takes a while to come out
I'm going to rant also, but for me is the 6P. This phone has been a damn headache. I've had 2 of them go into bootloop and Huawei just says its my fault that I upgraded to N. Ok, so I managed to get my shipping label after a call that lasted about 40 minutes with google and then transfered to a Huawei rep, and turned out the device I received when I first did the rma, the imei number did not belong in the U.S......what????  And now, it's been 3 *weeks* since the repair center has received it, and nothing. No email, no call no Nada. Really dissapointed and mad , and I will probably won't buy a Google phone since they can't do shit because I did not purchased it from them directly (I got it from best buy), and Huawei for having shit customer service. Meanwhile with an iPhone, I can just walk into an apple store, and actually physically *talk* to someone that can get shit done. And yes, I've tried my friends iPhone before, and I really like the display (it has night shift and the from flash), also the 3D touch and the haptic engine might be gimmicky, but it's cool and it's there. 
5 times WTF??? Why not just get a new phone lol
LMAO that song is good and funny. 
Same love how it looks and feels great. 
Looks like they're having a lot of phones boot loop because of Android N both phones that I've had has boot looped because of N, this third one I won't update it anymore until either the next iPhone comes out or the next oneplus phone. Completely unacceptable that either Huawei or google are not saying a single word about this issue and are blaming each other. 
About to be 3 weeks since they've have received it. An nothing. Had to buy a cheapo phone since I need my number at least. 
You samshill
I did it through Huawei and it's about to be 3 weeks since they've received it..and still nothing. So you better have a back up 
Still waiting for the bottom navigation. Been waiting for months. Why not release shit first and then try out 'new' features. Meanwhile,  I've been having that on my iPad. Really disappointed 
If it does go into​ bootlop, make sure you have a phone laying around, because apparently they are having a lot of workload, and it's taking longer than expected. Last time I did the RMA, it took a total of 2 weeks to ship and get my phone back, this time it's already been 2 weeks a couple days, and nothing. Took me long enough to get the label in the first place, and now, they are saying that the repair center is taking longer than usual for some reason (probably a lot of boot looped 6Ps). Good luck I guess
Mine was sent to them 1 weeks ago and a couple days. Need my phone asap, and spoke to them, and they told me that they are experiencing some "slight delays", and it's going to take up to 3 business days to get the shipping info. Really missing the phone, and a lot of people have been affected by this, which begs the question, is it software related, or hardware? I was on 7.1.1 on the march security patch. If this is big, Huawei better do some refund or something like LG did 
Anyone know when it's coming to the ZenWatch 2?
Mines has been at some HOLLOWAY thing for 5 days now, and they told me they are experiencing some "delays" and that it may take longer than usual. It's been about 2 weeks since its first boot loop. Really need my phone back asap, not gonna make the same mistake twice and not update to 7 and stay at 6 until I get a new phone. 
I'm not sure, I just searched 'scanning', and I turned off both wifi and Bluetooth
On a serious note, why??? I honestly don't think no one will buy that (of course some diehard fans will), hell, even my *mother* knows about this phone causing some explosions. Let's see how it turns out I guess
Did you turn off Bluetooth and wifi scanning via settings? I was having issues connecting my devices, until I turned those off and worked like a charm
A few days to get your phone back? The whole process was how long for you? And did you get a refurbished model or yours back?
By design is my favorite song from him. Great artist. Lucky that you got to go
Got a link for that sick wallpaper?
Really??? Interesting....How does that work? 
If you bought it off Amazon, just email Spigen support and they will ask for pictures and send you another case. I even got one it a different color. Still prefer the poetic case 
You're right
Alright you're right, I need to tone it down a bit. But the other point was good, like my IMEI not being for the U.S.? That's just confusing
Keaton techmartt😂😂😂😂💀💀. That guy sucks 😂😂💀
No I told them I don't have any other device to take a picture with and went forward. One corner was not sticking well and I just decided to email them since I really was not loosing anything so why not lol
The other ones was because the protector did actually crack. And they take usually a couple minutes for me (and it appears to only be coming from Karen). And their replacements come in fast. I received mines 2 days ago, and barely got it. I even got 2! I did email them about it, and they said it's okay. Unfortunately I can't use them since my 6P went into a boot loop and gotta wait for that's freaking label to come in to ship out to them
I feel you, Huawei said not to update the phone, and I did because I bought a Nexus for that reason. It went into boot loop a couple months later, and I'm now waiting for my label. It's been 2 days. I also contacted Google support via email about Huawei telling me not to update the phone, and their response was, and I quote, "I'm sorry for the delayed response. Yes, if they have suggested you to not update the device. I'd recommend you to not update it. I appreciate your efforts in resolving this issue." And that's it. What fucking response is that. So fucking pissed off right now. Never a Huawei device and Android for a while, my next phone is an iPhone
The one feature I wanted finally​ here.... Unfortunately it went into a bootloop and still waiting for my label😐😑
If you are having issues like I did, turn off Bluetooth scanning. Fixed my issue right quick


Well, that is their response, and am willing to sacrifice performance of it means I can have a boot loop free phone. 
Interesting,  I will have to call back unfortunately since I did not get my label. I purchased mine at Best buy, and I will ask if they can label my phone as defective, as that is the only way Best buy is able to get me a refund. Of course that is far fetched, but I am done with this phone. 
The 5X is not the only one going into boot loop, ive had 2 Nexus 6P's go into boot loop on me, and now I am waiting for my label to send it off to them. Although this time, they said it's Google fault for not releasing a "patch" to fix this. They say it's Android 7 that causes all this and tells me not to updated it. Unacceptable and disappointed
HOLLY SHIT THIS IS TOTALLY ME RIGHT NOW. I dont understand Huawei, also fuck their Customer Service it's complete bull shit. They also gave me no ETA on this "patch" and I also emailed Google and they did not send me a proper response. I am at a loss, all I want is a working phone that I paid for. My next phone IS going to be an iPhone, can't stand this shit
Been using an iCarez and the biggest plus is their customer support. They have sent me 3 already, and the first one all I said what that it was not sticking well, and Bam got a replacement quickly. Now all they ask me is for pictures of the damages, and Bam, get me a replacement fast. Great product and customer service
Damn, my warranty expires in less than 2 months. If the RMA goes through, I won't update the phone until I get an iPhone or Android O drops
Also, iCarez has great support as well, they are going to send me my 3rd replacement, and I emailed them yesterday and it's on its way now. And the screen protector was like $9. Really great service and quality screen protector
I know right? As a customer I expect it to work as a phone, I am no beta tester
Yep, my next phone is going to be an iPhone
Yeah, but that's what Huawei said, and as a customer, all I ask if for a working phone, I should not be putting these custom ROMs and stuff and hoping it fixes something so serious that Google or Huawei can't fix. It's ridiculous and I won't do that because I should not have to do that. 
Yes, I'm gonna try that, but I'd rather just get the RMA and not update the phone even though it's gonna come with 6.0 or something. But, hopefully it goes through
Yes, I used my mothers phone when I called them up the first time, at first I was gonna ask them how they know all this info without even telling them anything, but I guess they used the number. 
I was just watching a video on YouTube and this happened, at least I was home 
Then I guess you're going to have to wait some time, I bet it's going to get updated...Some time....And when it does, I will go back (if it still has the YouTube red combo, I can't stands ads). If not, I'll stick with Spotify. I also like the interconnected part of it, I can easily have my iPad plugged in to my speakers via audio jack and charging while I control my playback on my Nexus, very convenient
Yes, that phone looks good and has a nice design. Another plus, is that the headphone jack is at the bottom!!!
Bad battery?? Get an rma if you can I guess
Spotify. I switched a couple days ago and never looked back. The biggest one is, the look. It's MUCH cleaner and nicer ( no more ugly orange and big ass cover art), instead it's black and green, I can actually see the album cover, and it's faster. Like, when I choose a song on Google play, there is a second or two lag when I choose it and when it starts to play, with Spotify, it's instant. Cancelled Google play, and now I'm with Spotify premium. The only downside are the ads on YouTube, but try it and you won't look back
I was mad because I was not getting it, now that I have it, I only use it to set brightness at 50% 😂
Looks cool, but very tiny. But if it works, it's not dumb. 
Interesting,,why not? Mine went into boot loop and I got an rma right away...
I have it on mines too, and I keep it there since it does not bother me, and most importantly, of it has another boot loop, I will be able to give them the imei number quickly, instead of opening up the SIM, which I cant find anything to open it with. Also, it does not look *that* bad tbh
Same thing with me, bought it off best buy. I had to go through Huawei. It was not that bad, and when I got it back, I got a refurb. The refurb one has actually been pretty good, and was in great condition, basically new. The repair center was in Allen, Texas for me, I live in Houston, TX
I don't think it's going to be fixed until it asks if it can use your camera, and not their use of camera. Like Instagram for example. 
Ohhh looks nice. But not for me 
Interesting, mine slowed down a lot. I just had to reset it. Unfortunately, it looks like something is up with 2FA, and the code won't sent to my phone, so now...idk I guess just wait😒
Yeah but for now it's not that good. I'm using it on my iPad mini (the first one), and holy shit it runs so smooth and nice. Even thou it's blown up, performs really nicely and the filters are surprisingly fast, way faster and accurate than I used on the 6P. Can't deny that snapchat needs to get their things together 
I'm having trouble with this. Maybe it's their side. Pretty mad since I did a reset on my 6P since it was running slow. I really want my account back thanks 
But it's a refurbished one. I might just do a reset when 7.1.2 comes out and see
Yeah, I really want it for the iMessage and the Snapchat. Oh, and also that haptic engine it has👌👌👌
An iPhone, I'm done with Google and their shit, especially with the roll out crap they do. Just shows how much Android is truly fucked and will never be uniform
It's a phone, you will eventually want a better device, for the specs, camera, and even design. Phones are getting cheaper now, and some have removable batteries. But of course, whatever floats your boat😊
>another 2 to 3 years

Lol that's not gonna happen
Why is the Google play music app so FUCKING SHITTY
That's the point, I don't want to. It's do awkward when I put it on my pocket. I'm always turning the phone and it's just inconvenient. 
Ya, that's what you get. Next time, I'm buying my phone off Amazon, their customer service is amazing
Nope, and I'm bet imma get it in a week, like always. 
Lmao 😂😂😂😂
Fuck off skynet
Just do it, the one I got has been great so far, and was flawless (no scratches anywhere), I thought it was new. And the battery life has been good, not excellent, mainly because I'm on 7.1.1. Should of stayed at 6.0.1 because when I got it it was on 6.0.1 on some 2015 security patch, and damn it so fucking smooth AF. Should of stayed 😭
Damn that's good. That's why I bring my portable charger ever where I go 😒
Really, well if true, then it's going to be between this and the next iPhone....Choices 
Damn that phone looks hella nice. Too bad it does not have a finger print scanner 😒. Really need to upgrade my 6P
Yes, I had about 4gb of songs, and there was lag, and the songs took a couple seconds to play, but now I have about 2gb and the songs load fast and it's less laggy. On a side note, does anyone app does some weird ass animation when you click on the player from the notification? 
Not even 3hrs sot. It barely lasts me through school (5 am to 2:30). I guess it's because I don't put it on airplane mode and I should since I get no signal, but I should not do that. 
Interesting that it has the home animation like the pixel. Maybe it's going to be like this for the 6P and other devices when they get the assistant?
OF COURSE IT RELEASES FIRST ON IOS, and not on their damn os. Why oh why
Of course they are, they are going to treat their device first, then we come later 
I know this is a circle jerk..but another reason I am moving away and buying an iPhone next, all of the difference, and not even us getting the assistant first from a fucking Google device is ridiculous. I'm done with this phone, Google gives no fucks
Fuck that shit ugly 
But it's not as smooth as if it where implemented. I tested it on a honor phone the other day at best buy, and it was so smooth and extremely accurate. I've tried this app, but it fails. Guess we're gonna have to wait 
Maybe it's something internally, I think some chip is fried. Time for an RMA bud
Those last two looks good af👌👌
Fuck, it better come with 5 stylus, wireless headphones, and a keyboard/cover combo for that damn price.
My first one went into a boot loop, and now my battery life is not that good. 
The app does not work half the time, and it has to run. I went to Best buy and saw the honor phone, and the swipe gesture was just smooth and did not fail, I honestly don't think this could work reliably if it was just on the actual settings
If the product red that is rumored to come out, I'll sell this one and buy it ASAP, or maybe just wait for the iPhone 8/7s. I really wanted an iPhone for iMessage and Snapchat. One thing that I hate is the notifications, they are just ugly, but hopefully with the next iPhone, and iOS 11, they fix it 
I guess but the iPhone SE is just ridiculously tiny now. Idk back then how I was able to watch movies and stuff on my tiny iPod touch. Can't go back to anything smaller now that I got the 6P
I'm done with Google and their shit updates. Hear me out, a 1+GB for a *0.0.1* update that bring absolutely nothing new is coming out in some months. Fuck that, I'm definitely buying an iPhone next, iOS 10. *3* has been out, on the *3rd* beta, WITH ACTUAL NEW FEATURES, like a new find my airpods, the new Apple file system which supposedly gives you more storage and fast performance, and some more things. And the best part, the iPhone 6s and 6s+ get the same features at the same time. Oh the N5X got 7.1.2 with the fingerprint gestures? Not the 6P on 7.1.2. Wtf Google
Why? It's not that bad tbh. I got an icarez one and it looks good
You can still buy small screen phone like the Sony xz or an iPhone
Get a TGSP, the one I have has a 2.5D glass, but I don't really feel it since I got a case with it 
Been on cricket since I got the device, and it's been great, no dropped calls and fast and reliable internet
Wtf
Damn that is a lot of songs, I managed to cut my playlist of about 430 songs to about 150, and that's still a lot of music. 
I use Atria, to me it sounds like the old iPhone ringtone, plus it sounds cool. Although I wish I could do custom ones without downloading an app or something. 
Are they shipping right now? I really want one, since I always wanted the headphone jack at the bottom, at the top seems weird and uncomfortable
The N6P has an OLED display, no backlight needed. Maybe you have a third party lock screen?
That looks exactly like an iPhone 7 plus. Looks good 
I went from an LG G Stylo from cricket, to a Nexus 6P. Damn was that phone a piece of shit. The biggest change had to be the camera and the storage. Also the latest software and the fast performance. 
Get the poetic affinity case. Looks really good and I have dropped my phone multiple times and it's fine. The only downside is that it scratches pretty easily tho. I got the black/clear one and it's amazing
The one I sent was in pretty bad shape, the one I got was in excellent, almost perfect condition. So I don't screw it, I bought a TGSP and a case and it has been working very well
Just call their customer service or DM them on Twitter
It has one? And how do I access it? By pressing the volume down and power?
I know right, I can already see the notification area lag like a mf
Did your phone take longer to boot up? It was on the Android animation for a solid 4-5 minutes and I thought it went into a boot loop, if it did, I would of gotten so mad, since it's not the first time it has happened
In all seriousness, how does this work?
On iOS, when you 3D touch it's I think add someone, chats, and stories. Now 100 sure though
I'm on the latest, 7.1.1, and I am sure I enabled password on boot, but I don't have it anymore....weird
I can't tell a difference
Uninstall that shit bro
How would I do that???
A 0.0.1 update is going to take a couple of months. Seriously? That long??  Another reason why I'm moving to an iPhone in the next year or so, these are slow ass updates
I remember it being on the S3, and it had a horrible interface and an even horrible voice, like wtf 
No I bought it new, right now I have a refurbished one that Huawei gave me 
I really want a refund, but since I bought it off Best Buy, they won't do that unless the phone is marked as defective, and Huawei won't do that since they sent me a refurbished model and they said they checked everything. Does anyone have any tips on how to go on them? 
You know when it's going to be released?
Selling my 6P of Swappa, should I say this device is an RMA refurbished model? Would I need to tell the buyer this info, or is it not required per say? 
Really tempted to go at Huawei and make my put my phone as "defective" for Best Buy to issue a refund, and buy the 7 Plus. Does anyone have any tips for going at them? I purchased it on 05/04/2016. 
Same, just happened rn, for the first time (I think at least), it disconnected, I opened the menu and said there where no open wifi networks, and then in connected back again. Weird, might be a bug 
Ban yourself for not using an approved device you shill
On a side note, mine went into a boot loop and currently using a refurbished one with currently no shut down issues just yet..
If that happens to me, I will try to talk to them for a refund. You should try it too and see how it goes 
I use the poetic affinity case in black and clear and it looks great and has been working fine. Highly recommended
My RMA one was in very excellent condition. No scratches at all anywhere and the display was flawless. The one I sent in was pretty banged up since I did not had a case since I bought it a couple months ago. But now, I bought a case and a TGSP for it and hopefully it lasts me until the OnePlus 4/5 comes out, or the S8 or the new iPhone. 
Same man, but I don't think Huawei would budge since I did not buy it from the Google store, purchased on best buy 
Um yeah. I'm pretty sure the instructions said to just send the phone and remove any accessories. So yeab
Damn, just downloaded a couple mp3s off a website with a bunch of ads, im pretty sure I'm safe atm
Lmao do it. Make sure it's a picture of matias Duarte
The app itself is horrible. So much orange and the album art is not displayed correctly, the app is slow, and it sometimes does not appear on the recents. The music selection is not bad, it's just the app itself
I mean, Android emojis are ugly, and I can't see all of the emojis even though I got 7.1.1
You can RMA because of burn in right?
This is what I have and I am,,,, happy. Although the Google play music is SO FUCKING SHITTY, the music is good and it's a steal
If you do, go ahead and buy one from iCarez, their protectors are great quality and their customer service is also very good. I am going to be on my 3rd one since the first one did not stick very well, and the second one was flawless, but I dropped my phone and it cracked. It's doing its job and the coat they put on it is amazing. I rarely wipe my device, and when I do, once is enough. 10/10
No one cares go away 
What?
I also get green cellular signal when I'm at home....Where you live?
Interesting, your RMA is pretty old, mine was manufactured on 4/22/1
2016. Are you in the USA?
Do you know any equivalent for PC? 
YES. All my pictures are in literally thousands of folders. Thanks a lot Google, now I cant find most of my photos
Lmfao😂😂💀💀
Mine is in flawless condition, always had it with a TGSP and a case when I got it. And I rarely use it with out one. When the OP4 comes out, I'm selling this one for some good $$$
Yeah same, they are surprised that Google makes a phone, and I dont want to seem to,,,,,nerdy?? And explain that another company makes the phone and Google blah blah. Still though, when I don't have a case on the phone, and I carry it on my hands naked, it sure does turn some heads. STI tough, I gotta protect it, don't want to RMA aga
Interesting, my first RMA one was perfect condition, no scratches or anything, very impressed, although the headphone jack does not have a satisfying click when I plug in headphones, and when I go on a car or bus and move to much, the phone thinks I'm lowering the volume and it's annoying, but I have some BT headphones so I honestly don't care
Mine says 4/22/2016

Got it replaced about 2 months ago
That's great. Interestingly, I am sure I am the only one in my entire high school who owns a N6P, so I also get the occasional "What phone is that", but never landing a date. Good luck
Gold? Interesting
YEAH 😍😍. It frees 1GB of RAM EVERY TIME
Are you on the beta of the app? I am having no issues with 7.1.1 stock 
When I bought my 6P, I did not have a case or a screen protector, but since I went and got an RMA due to a boot loop, the refurbished model was flawless, I wanted to keep it that way so I bought a TGSP for it and a case. Very happy as if rn 
It's true, the app made an album called through the years, and it's just pictures of my little brother since he was born till today. Very impressive
Get the poetic affinity case also, very nice looking case and good protection
Mine is too, I think it's a flaw or something. Still though, it does not bother me 
LG being LG no surprise
Using the poetic affinity case, the black/clear one. Looks great and it's very grippy. 
The 6P I had had this issue, and happened very frequently, and it eventually went into a boot loop. It's starting to happen to the replacement, but on rare occasions. Still, pretty worried
Rocking that one right now. The one I got original was not sticking very well in one corner and was bugging me so I decided to shot them an email why not. Unexpectedly, they asked for the order I'd or something and they sent me a new one free of charge. Very well, although the asked for pictures of the problem, and I told them I won't be able to, but the mail they sent back said "thanks for providing pictures of the problem", but still, impressed and the protector itself looks new since the day I put it on. Plus the coating they put on it is amazing, I just wipe it and the fingerprints are gone. Very happy
If you keep your any phone for a very long time, I'm talking 3+ years or so, of course it will have horrible battery life. I remember I had an iPod nano and the battery life sucked, literally lasted an hour or so 
I have not owned one personally and never will, I am very happy with my Poetic affinity case. Why not buy a portable charger? It will make your phone HUGE and ugly. I'm pretty sure just that one exists. 
Well, I guess update this when you get your email. I'm interested on a refund to buy the OP3T
It has been great. I'm on 7.1.1 and the battery life is great, and the device itself was in excellent condition, so flawless I bought a case and a TGSP for it. As of now, no issues whatsoever
My white one I ordered is cracked from the bottom. I will contact Spigen via email and see what happens. I now have a Poetic affinity case and it's been great so far, looks very good and it's grippy af 
I also bought mines off BB and I thankfully had the receipt. I still have it even though I got my RMA refurbished one. Just in case 
WHAT? YOU GOT A REFUND? tell me how lol. I'm in the U.S. and my warranty expires in about 4 months. I also got a refurbished one though the RMA process. Send us those screenshots on the chat so I can say what you said to them. 
I had a boot loop issue, and they also told me they where going to re flash the software. But instead I got a refurbished one. I'm happy since the one I got was in pretty much new condition
I have 4. The original Nexus case, two Spigen cases ( one is a white thin fit and one is a Neo hybrid ex ), and the other one that is going to arrive soon is the poetic affinity case the black one. I keep going back and forth between cases. I really don't want to go naked since my 6P has no scratches at all and a TGSP. 
I also bought mines off Best buy, and I did not went with their warranty since I find it a waste of money IMO. My original one went into boot loop and just contacted Huawei and they sent me a replacement device
What version of Android are you running? Because when I was on 6.0.1, the scanner was very fast, but now I updated to 7.0.1, the scanner turned very slow. Sometimes the scanner is fast when unlocking tho 
Not an iPhone user, but why are you supposed to turn that off? Isnt iMessage internet based?
I use two cases, both from Spigen. I use a Neo hybrid ex in the gunmetal color and a white thin fit, I really like the white thin fit on my aluminum 6P, looks really nice, but it's too thin and does not protect the phone too much, and for me the buttons are too recessed, so I use the hybrid Case more. I also want a Supcase Bettle, but I think I'll be happy with this one for now. 
I but the bullet at updated to 7.1.1 from 6.0.1, and it has been great so far in my RMA 6P I got like 2 months ago. Sot has been 4+ hours and it lasts me through the whole day easily. Go for it 
I think it's time for an rma bud
YES I THOUGHT I WAS THE ONLY ONE. The app also re draws pretty much all the time I click on it, and when I pull down the menu, and click there the app goes hay wire and I loose where I am on my playlist and looks so janky and horrible. I really don't like this since I am paying for this shit 
I had it on some LG phone I had, and I only got it and really cranked up the bass all the way. It was a wonder until I got a 6P and I really do not want to mess with it so I have it stock
I'm in the U.S. so idk if this brand is available there, but i bought one from iCarez, and even though it's only one, it's very good quality. I sent them an email saying how the one I got was not sticking right, and they went ahead and sent me another one for free. Really great customer service
I got you bro, if you are in the warranty window, just do it. To RMA it's actually very easy, although I guess it depends where you live. I live in the U.S., and all I did was Google Huawei support number and gave them a call. After telling them my device went into boot loop, they gladly proceeded to do the RMA and I got my refurbished model a few weeks later. I did not buy my 6P off the Google store, I bought mines off Best Buy, so they needed the reciept since I did not have the IMEI number. Hopefully you will get lucky and get a new model. New models come in its original packaging, while refurbished ones come in a brown box like mines did. Good luck. 
I really don't want to do that, since I have over 3GB of music downloaded, and it's not mine, I have GPM subscription and I downloaded a playlist. So, it really does not bother me, I already sent a feedback to google and updated my review so hopefully they fix it soon 
Is anyone having problems with the Google play music app? The app is always re drawing every damn time I open it, and when I exit and go to another app, and click on the recents, it's not there.....What the 
Yeah it's marshmallow, and I have had my device for about 6 months now so I have more than enough time to get another rma if this one craps out on me again 
Okay bet
Yeah I'll update this comment, I really don't want to keep posting here and make it seem like I am spamming
I'm pretty sure it's that GO app shit. Don't install any if that GO apps man 
Interesting, I'm updating to 7.1.1 from 6.0.1. See what happens with my battery life. 
The app feels clunky and confusing. I also can't see the album on the playing screen. And the orange man. 
I also bit the bullet and I'm going to install the update later when I charge my phone. I have not been getting great battery life anyway, and why not. Worst that can happen is that it goes into a boot loop....again and I'm going to have to rma...again. 
Would they refund you even if you went into the rma process? I will honesty bee happy if they gave me at least 50% money back, and I would buy a 1P3T
That happened to me when I did it as well, except I left it alone and it rebooted with MM, but then it went into a boot loop some time after. Now I have an rma device with MM and I am biting the bullet and upgrading to 7.1.1 since I am not getting That good battery life anyway. 
The mobile app is so bad it's ridiculous. The update looks cool, but only the home screen. That's pretty disappointed, really want to switch to Spotify, but I can't stand ads on YouTube, so for the mean time, GPM will do 
Like that time someone lost their phone in one of my classes, and the guy said it was an Android phone, and some kid said it's a Samsung Galaxy, he has an iPhone so I guess I understood why he would think Android is just Samsung Galaxy. The sad part is that the kid actually had a Samsung Galaxy so I guess it really did not matter. Feels cool when everyone asks what phone I have since they've never seen one before. 
I'm not into that root stuff I don't want to break my only phone u have right now that I bought myself. That's why I'm stock
Yes I thought I was the only one who things those glob thins are horrible. The iOS ones are very good 
Where you on Android N? If so, that's yet another reason on why I'm not updating just yet 
I am confused right now. 

Why are you guys saying I'm on (carrier) and have not gotten this or that. I thought the carrier you have does not matter. 
I'm on Android MM, I have the phone telling me to update to 7.1.1 but damn I really don't want to. After my original 6P went into boot loop with 7.0 and was significantly slow (like the fingerprint reader), I am really hesitant in updating, and also the battery life, even though they gave me a refurbished one. I might wait until 7.2 or 7.1.2 or whatever is next. 
Interesting, can't seem to find it. How I wish I could show you but I don't want the imgur app. Thanks anyway I'll message Google support someday
I had a Microsoft Windows phone....yeah those were the days where everything was outdated. I made the mistake of putting my real b day and it would not let me download apps because I needed parents permission. Wtf I get it but damn. I had to reset it the same day I got it. It was slow, had a horrible camera, and it was cheap since it was from MetroPCS. Now I have a N6P that I bought myself and haven't looked back. I also had an iPhone 5 and a lg g Stylo from cricket. 
Im not sure, mine was completely stock to root or unlocked. Just to be in the safe side, go ahead and go back to normal I suppose. And yes, I just went ahead and put in my cricket sim card to my refurbished one and it worked right away
Yeah no problem, hopefully you luck out and get a new one. If it's new it would come in its original device, if not it will come in a brown box like mine did 
Just did that and selected to use the pattern on boot. Thanks I must of turned it off
I'm in the u.s and while my phone was not bent, it was pretty badly scuffed up and scratched. It did not have screen cracks, but still, pretty bad. Now that I got my replacement device (A VERY flawless refurbished) I bought a case and a tempered glass screen protector for it 
Pretty pleased. The process took about 3 weeks mainly because I kept forgetting to print the label at school. But when it finally came, the phone was in great condition. The original 6P I had, was in pretty bad shape, it was banged up and scratched. So I thought I was going to get my original device back since they told me they where going to re flash the original software because it went into boot loop. I got a VERY nice refurbished model. Refurbished ones come in a brown box with the device only, while new ones come in its original box and accessories. But, since this one was in flawless condition, I bought a case and a tempered glass screen protector. Could not be more happy. Keeping Android MM for a while. My original one also had Android N and it was slow and buggy. I'm hoping the boot loop issue goes away soon so I can update to N or wait until the next version. 
What version of Android where you on?
If you did not buy the phone straight form Google like I did, I bought mines off Best buy, I had to contact Huawei Customer support
My refurbished one came in like new. So new in fact, I bought a glass screen protector and a Spigen case for it that my original did not and it was pretty banged up and scratched. Very happy with the refurbished with Android MM
How safe is the app? I have unlimited data with cricket. Would it work? I'm on MM
What does a carrier have to do with updates? I'm on MM on cricket and got the 7.1.1 update. I'm not going to update it just yet, and I am not in the beta program. 
Pretty sure I did. Is there a way to check? Or do I have to reset my device. If so, I honestly don't care. 
Uninstall that Go crap. Use Google's messenger or the SMS app your phone came with. 
Interestingly, that's enabled by default on the 6P, but it has never asked for my password when I boot up the phone. Like never. I'm not sure why. I rarely use the pattern to unlock, I use the fingerprint. Running Android MM
Mainly for translating things to English. That's about it tbh. And taking screenshots on convos on sc without the person knowing. Actually not sure if that works. 
It does? Interesting, don't think I got that. Then again, I was too excited to start using my device again after using a ZTE phone from cricket with I hated and tossed the box away. 
How do you go into bootloader? I am 100% stock with 6.0.1
RMA'd phone so I am not upgrading to N any time soon. Battery life has been pretty good. The other day I got 5 hours sot, and I also got 1 hr sot with about 75% left. And the speed has been very good. The fingerprint reader is very fast. 
A new device will ship in its original box, a refurbished one will come in a brown box, with the phone only
I also bought my phone through Best Buy, but mine was about 5 months old and everything was stocked, even locked boot loader. Since I don't fiddle around with that's stuff mainly since it was a pretty expensive phone and not I am also not much into rooting and custom Roms and such. But mine went into boot loop, and thankfully I had my receipt and they accepted it. 
What credit union? I live in Houston. And does it have debit? I honestly don't feel like going into credit since I don't understand it and I don't earn a lot. 
Why? I have BofA, and I'm not an adult yet. I don't pay anything since I'm a student and have direct deposit from my work. 
Rocking MM, and battery life is pretty good. I get about 3:30 to 4 hours of SOT
You got the Spigen thin fit? And what parts are you covering?
Same, I had the Spigen Neo Hybrid Ex and it was just too much. I bit the bullet and ordered the think fit, the white one, on Amazon. Currently rocking it with the silver 6P and it looks REALLY good imo. To me, it resembles a Ferrari, don't know why. Feels better and with the TGS that I got, I'm not worried
In other words, Google is being Google 
Try and join the Snapchat beta. It may be fixed. Currently in Snapchat beta on 6.0.1 and it's been going pretty well. 
Stop talking about reviews and displays and how one is sharper. Who cares, if you want the latest, get the OP3T, if not get the 6P. If you can, go to somewhere where you can probably use both devices and see from there. 
Honest question, how did that album picture get approved??
Currently on 6.0.1, kept my device literally on airplane mode all day at school with music playing on my headphones, and have 1 hr and 21 mins at 65%. I'm disappointed and it's an rma device. I still won't upgrade tho
Of course wifi is off, and I'm going to try today, I charged my battery so the graph is no longer there. I'll see if it continues today. It's not the first time that has happened

Alright here are the pics. 
http://iob.imgur.com/uYGg/gEQShfwbGy
It's on only when plugged in 
You got the wallpaper you used? 
Another reason why Android N is a fucking horrible release. Of course you don't see this with the pixel devices. Google doesn't care anymore, updates take forever compared to their competition, apple. It's a shame really
I'm actually starting to have this issue as well, oddly is started happening when I bought the Amazon Premium Headphones, I used to have other headphones and the difference is that now they have in line controls and a mic. The other ones did not and never had that issue. Now, with these Amazon ones, they have volume control that actually work and a mic. I think that's the issue. Probably software related. My 6P was a rma one and don't feel like doing another one. 
No, I am on 6.0.1 too and there won't be anymore security patches. Only way is to upgrade to Android N. 
>AOL instant messenger

Where is Google Allo you shill
True, but be warned, do not upgrade to Android N right away. I did that and my Nexus 6P was very slow. The imprint took way longer to scan my finger and it eventually went into boot loop. I had to rma and now the replacement one I have right now flies with Android MM. Although I won't get any more security patch updates, I will rather have a very fast scanner and a very fast with excellent battery life 6P
The shipping label had all the info on it, I just had to print it out and go to my local ups store and they boxed it for me. I did had to pay actually now that I remember, but just for them to box it or something. And for me, it was in Allen, Texas. I live in Houston TX
The person who was speaking to me did not tell me that, instead they told me to look on the box, I later took out my sim card before shipping and I saw the IMEI. Can't believe they knew...
Meanwhile im running Android MM and it's crazy fast. 
Yes, but if you want speed and a newer device, I'd say go for the OP3T, it's newer. But it's your money after all
For me, I would say a little more than 3 weeks, mainly since I slacked off on sending them the phone because I kept forgetting to print out the label lol. But yes, I got a replacement and I am happy. 
Watch me get that in the coming *months*, I swear, Google sure knows their roll out updates. My play store still has those 2 greens mixed and it looks horrible. 
What you mean? The process? I called them and explained the issue, I still had their warranty and they told me they needed proof of purchase because I did not have the IMEI number. Luckily i saved the best buy receipt and send them some pictures via email. After that they send me a shipping label, send it to them via UPS (all paid), and got an email saying I'm going to receive a replacement device, even though they told me all they were going to do is reflash the original software. And the rma device I'm using right now is absolutely flawless. I'm in the latest version of Android MM and it's so smooth and fast. Not going to jump on Android N this fast this time. 
Ttyl? How old is this😂😂
I googled their customer support number and did it through there. 
Yes, I bought my 6P at best buy, and did not get their warranty. I called them up because my phone went into boot loop. I was also getting ass battery life because I had Android N, and after chatting with them, I eventually got my shipping label and got a notice on my email saying I'm going to receive a replacement device. My now 6P came in absolutely perfect. No scratches anywhere on the device. It looks like new and felt new even though it did not came on the original box. Currently running Android MM with 4:30 hrs of Sot pretty much all the time and it's so smooth. 10/10 rma experience. I will not update to Android N anytime soon tbh. 
Interesting, maybe you had an older version of YouTube? I'm not sure, but I think YouTube used to have that feature for free if I can recall. 
It does not work if you dont have YouTube red. Personally I have mainly because I use Google play music and it comes with it which I think it's a steal. 
Can you guys send me a OP3T please? Thank you for doing this ama. 
The only problem with my RMA'ed 6P ( it's my 1st one), is that when music is not playing and I have headphones connected, I hear some static and some noise. Other than that, I don't feel this is a huge problem since when I play music, it's gone. Even though the rma process was not that bad, I really don't want to do it again since this one was literally flawless. 
Currently on 6.0.1, using 1.4GB, and the Android OS is using 600MB. I'm never updating to N 
I'm using the Spigen Neo hybrid ex case (the clear one), and a tempered glass screen protector. 
679
That's what I have and have the same issue, I connect my headphones with no mic or controls and the Google voice thing comes up and it's annoying. No idea how to turn it off
Some other story, when I go to the graph and check what's eating the battery, I notice that wifi is on all the time. I don't understand why since I never turn on the wifi. Does anyone know why?
If I remember correctly, I installed the one from the play store on a rooted LG Stylo I had, and it was in English. And it worked. I'm not 100% sure though
I'm pretty sure I am the only one in my high school that has a 6P, I've seen some class mates with the Nexus 5, and one staff member with the Nexus 5X, other than that, it's rare 
Oh I see, and I don't think you can roll back. Still though, can't deny 7 is a great update, still though, those bugs don't do 7 justice
I'm on the same boat, it looks so out of place
Why on earth would you update?? I am staying at 6.0.1 on my new RMA 6P, I have 2 hrs sot and 52% battery
What happens if you dont? My device would not boot so I had no option but to send it with all my info
I have that protector right now, and I emailed then because I wasn't not satisfied enough with the screen ( it did not stick very well since I put the screen on and off like 10 times, and the bottom portion of the bottom speaker is not sticking like at all), and after going back and forth they told me they're going to send me a replacement and I'm going to receive it this Friday so I am pretty happy and this time i will make sure to apply it correctly. 
For real though, will the a library get it? I don't think so
Same, I live in Houston tx and the repair center was in Allen tx. My rma was also flawless. I am impressed
Google play services kept wifi on for some reason (I rarely use wifi since I have unlimited data), and all I did was turn off some setting about wifi scanning or something and it fixed. Can't believe I had to do that..
I'm keeping the 6P for another year and getting the 7s plus. I just want iMessage and the wonderful app loading time. 
Can't wait to see me classmates show off this book when it comes out. I swear they buy everything from Apple
It did not, it came in a cardboard box so it's not like brand new, but it sure does look like so
Android circle jerk is leaking
I received an rma device from Huawei. It is absolutely flawless, not scratches at all, not in the body or the screen, even the speaker grills looked new ( like no dirt or lint ) overall I am very happy
I went with iCarez, pro tempered glass for about $12. It's absolutely amazing and I sent them an email telling them how it's not sticking very well in the top corner ( it's not noticeable, but it's bothering me, probably since I installed the protector like 10 times), and they told me they needed the amazon order ID and they said if I could provide some pictures ( I don't think it's necessary), and they're going to send me a replacement! So overall I'm happy. I'll update and see if I get a replacement later on. 
Yes, I was running Android N, and my 6P went into boot loop, called up Huawei and they sent me a replacement device
Mine also went into boot loop, and got a replacement. I'm pretty sure you will too
For real
I see, I might get an iPhone next year, waiting for the 7s plus. 
Simply, Google doesn't know what's going on, absolutely no fixes at all. Android N was a huge mistake and I am glad I did not update my RMA'ed 6P and probably never will
Wow that's interesting, idk man😂
I was on the exact same boat as you, except I did not try to flash anything. Mine was also without a case and was pretty scuffed up, but not screen cracks. They told me they were going to re flash the original software, and I got an email later on saying I'm going to receive a replacement device a couple days later. I got it and it looked brand new (it did not came in a retail packaging, but the phone looked flawless, absolutely no scratches anywhere. Very pleased. Now I have a case and a glass screen protector. Since I bought it off Best buy, and they wanted to make sure I was in the warranty window, I did not have the IMEI number, so good thing I had the receipt for the phone and I send them a couple of pictures of the recipient and bam. Got my shipping label. 
YES THIS IS FUCKING PISSING ME OFF SO MUCH. this is my second 6P I've had and still the same issue. Feels so fucking stupid for me to have this issue when I am paying for it 
Damn wtf
How exactly? I am also in high school and have a 6P
Interesting, I got Huawei for am RMA ( my og 6P went into a boot loop, bought of best buy), and the person told me all it needed was a reflash of the original software ( I was on Android N), and a couple days later I got an email saying they are going to replace my device. Very happy with the RMA 
I'm personally staying in 6.0.1 on my new RMA device since my original one had horrible issues on N and it was slow, I'm not going to jump the boat right away. I'm going to wait until N is actually done 
You got pictures? Because gdamn that case is fugly and giant. 
Yo man where is cricket? 
Holy that stinks. I am so glad I'm staying with Android MM for a while and enjoying about 5hours sot
My original 6P went into boot loop when I was in Android N, I also bought my device from Best Buy and did not get their warranty. So when that happened, I called HUAWEI up. I dialed their customer service and explained the issue. Since I did not have the imei, they told me I needed proof of purchase. Thankfully I has the original receipt and was able to send them a couple pictures via email. After that I got a mail saying I'm going to get a replacement even though the person said they were just going to re flash the original software. I received the device in EXCELLENT condition. I mean no scratches at all. I am very pleased and won't update to Android N for a while. I'm currently waiting for a screen protector and a case before I use it again. The original 6P I had was I rough shape, and I want this one to last me for about a year
Why oh why would you buy it off att?????
Yeah that's probably why they sent me a replacement and not the original one even though they told me they where going to re flash the original software
Yes, the device was purchased about 5 months ago. Since I did not have the IMEI, they told me they needed proof of purchase, so I send them a couple pictures of the Best Buy receipt I had in the box ( I knew it will come in handy so I saved the receipt) I am also glad I did not purchase best buys warranty. 
I'm keeping Android MM on my 6P too for a while. Runs extremely smooth and the fingerprint reader is so fast. And the battery life is excellent. The old 6P I had went into boot loop and got hot, because I was in Android N. This time I'm not going to jump right away
Yes I just googled their number and gave them a call. Explained the issue, and I don't think I told them I was running Android N (don't think it matters though), and they told me they were going to re flash the original software on it. A couple days later after sending the phone to them, I got an email saying I'm going to receive a replacement device (I guess they could not figure out what was wrong with it). And a couple days later, I got my replacement 6P. Looked like new, absolutely no scratches in the screen or the back or nothing. I am impressed on the phone, even though I send them a pretty bad shape 6P, it was all banged up and scratched, although no screen cracks. I put the new one on a case I bought on the Google store (The official N6P case), and could not be more happy. I will not update the device to Android N anytime soon. I'm going to keep MM for now 
Is it in a boot loop? If so, I contacted Huawei and they send me a very nice ( like new ) N6P after talking to them
>Shits on Apple fanboys by buying all Apple products. 

What do we have here?
Of course they are rolling it out slowly, no surprise
Why would you keep it plugged in all the time? I always disconnect mine since the charger is always providing voltage through the wire, and last thing I want is my little brother to go in and bite or lick the wire. 
Does anyone know how to change the name of downloaded songs? What app do I use or how can I do it stock? I'm running Mm
>Always displaying AT&T logo all the time

My eyes 
You sure it wasn't taken on Snapchat? 
Interesting, well I appreciate it man
Interesting, I wonder if it's a hardware defect or software. Either way, it's not that important just wondering
I think it's only when I play music or something, and then lock my phone and then after a short while, I put my Headphones back on and I can hear the popping noises
Oh yeah I missed that😂
I don't know f you're joking, but uninstall that clean master shit right now. Trust me, you do not want anything that "boosts" your device, is pure crap and it slows down your phone
Oh no, the problems start with Android N, I have a notification telling me to update my phone to Android N, but I don't. Screw that, this is my new RMA device since the other one I had went into boot loop and was so slow compared compared to MM. I'm probably never going to update and I am willing to keep that annoying ass notification telling me to update
I don't think so, but I got the unlimited data plan ($70) and can make calls and send messages to Mexico, which my parents use often since their parents are there, and it's been great. 
Lete guess, cricket will be the same 
I know this is off topic but, why does the video recording suddenly stop? It always happens in about 10 mins in. I have multiple recordings because it stops. And by that I mean, the phone locks itself and it at least saves the video. But it's pissing me off. Could this be some hardware defect? Or is it software? I'm running Android MM May 1, 2016 security patch level, and camera version 3.2.045
Damn, well im glad it's all good now, and I was going to buy the OP3 if this phone goes into boot loop again. Appreciate your time man
Wow and I was thinking I was going to get better support via Google 
What version do you have? I still have the old icon and not the circle one. Running version 1.9.036 Android MM
Another reason why I'm not going to update my new 6P to Android N anytime soon. The one I sent off to Huawei went into boot loop, and it was slow compared to the one they gave me. I forgot how quick the fingerprint reader is. And the apps, holy crap they launch in a second. 
You for real? I did the RMA through Huawei support since I bought it off Best Buy, and my RMA device appeared like new. Absolutely no scratches at all anywhere, the ports are clean and even the speaker grills are perfect. Very pleased with the RMA since the one I sent was in pretty bad shape. I thought they where going to just re flash the software since it went into boot loop, but got an email saying I was getting a replacement. 
I did my first RMA and my new 6P was in perfect condition. Absolutely no scratches at all. I whipped out my Nexus case I had, and I'm planning on buying a screen protector. Does anyone know of a good one?
Thank you this is what I was looking for. Looks like I'll stop updating from thee
My N6P went into bootloop:( but I should get my replacement today! And I will NEVER update the phone if it comes with MM. Android N has been a nightmare
Great now I can screenshot conversations on my snap
That moment when your $30 ZTE sonata 3 has me at 5hrs SOT than my N6P. I mean, I do understand why and I'm going to miss not having to bring my charger to school and having incredible battery life when my RMA device comes in 
I feel you, I went to school and recorded an awesome rally we had, and I get crap signal and I could back up to video (I think it was 4GB.) And then the damn phone went into bootloop. So I did an rma with Huawei and my 6P replacement should be here soon. I am so man since I lost that video, but everything else, like photos and such, are backed up
I stopped watching this guy nd unsubscribe ever since he started uploading his "vlogs". I honestly don't give a shit about this daily life and find it pathetic to share that on YouTube what you do every day. That said, I'm not sure of he is still doing this or not, and I'm honestly not looking. 
Fuck, you're ancient
Chill out bro I respect your opinion
Currently using a ZTE sonata 3 from cricket and how I miss my 6P, it went into bootloop and it's out for repair at the moment. I miss the response and I MISS THE DISPLAY. HOLY SHIT IS THIS PHONES DISPLAY HORRIBLE. The only good thing this has is the Dolby Audio that it has, it does make my music sound really good. Other than that, I can't wait to get it back with that sweet Android MM and I'm never updating to Android N
I bet you like the pixels big ass bezels. In all honesty, the phone looks like the future. I haven't had the chance to hold the device in my hand mainly being in the U.S., but still you've got to agree it looks really good and unlike any phone currently out there 
Why is it taking forever to release this already??
Oh I see. Mind telling me what brand they are?
Lmao😂😂 then why did you get them of you aint using them?😂
If I miss the bus to go to school in the morning and don't feel like spending money for uber to take me to school I stay home, you should stay
That moment when your 5 month old N6P went into bootloop
You said UFS is widely available, but I am sure NVMe is also available since there are a lot of iPhones out there, so I don't think there is a short of that type of storage. 
Yes that's one of my gripes with the N6P, I wish it had it on the bottom. But hey, at least is has one 
Microsoft edge has this, right click on an image and there is an option for ask Cortana, and she will do a reverse image search
Yes I clicked there and pressed on direct download and gives me a 403 saying I don't belong here and I should try to sign in. But thanks for the new link!
Can you provide someplace else to download the klwp file please? I can't seen to direct download it since I don't have drop box. 
Same and the video for false alarm is really good
If this supports US bands (At least ATT ones), and if Huawei can't fix my boot looped N6P, I'm buying this phone or the LeEco Pro 3. Or I'm going to wait for the OP4
I'm on crickets unlimited data plan and I once used over 75GB of data and no slow down at all
When I finally get Huawei to fix my boot looped N6P, I am hoping it has Android M, and if it does, I am literally never updating the phone again. All of these battery issues and lag and the device getting warm, actually burning hot. If I can't get the people from their customer service to do the labe right to send my device to be fixed, I'm saving up for an iPhone or buying a $400 dollar phone like the LeEco Pro 3 or the OP 3. I'm done with Android are their slow and unfinished updated and apps 
Especially the last part. What in the actual fuck. Just for some green bubbles you decide to leave and buy an iPhone? This guy does not have the pair to tell her to fuck off and deal with the green fucking bubbles. 
So sad that this guy if finding true love with all the social media including Facebook. I swear, people are so retarded these days. Who the fuck brings it up just of the bubbles????
I don't know of you've ever felt the haptic engine before, but it's amazing. I wish the new pixel had it because it's so damn good. 
And don't forget about Allo with SMS fallback
Interesting, but I have an issue, the label they send me via email is wrong. The rep put the correct address, but it's missing my apartment #. It just says This Way St. APT, and that's it, no number after APT. I'm calling tomorrow. 
Trust me as a teenager I need a phone so I went to cricket (my carrier) and got a cheap ZTE phone (sonata 3) and oh man I miss my 6P. I can't live with 8GB and my I can't download my music since I can't find my SD card. And yeah I hope it goes smoothly. Thanks man 
Since I can't take out the battery, I've put it into the recovery mode or whatever is called and even cleared the cache via there. And nothing. So I already called them and the sticker or something is going to come in the mail and they're going to figure out what's wrong. It's only been like 5 months 
Why you getting the pixel?
I got me the zte sonata 3 from cricket since my 5 month old Nexus 6P went on a boot loop with 100% stock 7.0 N (The latest version) and it's been not so great. Ive had it for a day and it's slow and the screen is horrible. I'm going to have to use this phone be for about 2 weeks while Huawei fixes it. And when they re flash the software, I'm hoping it's Android marshmallow and I will NEVER update it again. I miss my 6P with MM. 
Keeping the 6P for another year and buying next year's iPhone 7s plus. 
Can you be more specific about the wallpaper? Is it an app or a webpage?
That's allo? Looks pretty different
Lmfao😂
Why you install that anyway? Snapchat will ban your account
Can google do anything? I might tell them the issues I'm having and see what they can do
I'm glad you're liking the phone, I also liked the phone in the beginning, but having this phone for almost half a year, it has started to slow down and show its age 
No Bro, you made a mistake
I regret buying this phone. I wish I bought an iPhone instead, one of my biggest gripes I've had is the heat. Holy shit this phone gets fucking hot. Like uncomfortably, it's about to explode I should put it on the freezer hot. And when that happens, everything starts to slow down. Typing on the keyboard is laggy and apps take forever to load. And Snapchat, oh Snapchat, is a mess. Camera doesn't load literally half the time and have to swipe and swipe back in order to get it back, pics come out horribly and videos are choppy. And yes, I know it's their fault but the phone again, gets fucking hot. Also the updates, Android N has been a mess. With that battery drain problem, and the display flashing white when I lock the phone up, and it evens goes to the lock screen which can be annoying since I don't notice that and the phone does some weird things and again, overheats like nothing. And then the fingerprint reader is slow. It got slower when the update came along. And also Google is a mess as a whole and don't want to get into that right now. Imo an iPhone is a way better choice to get, and I should of went with my friends and get an iPhone, but I tried the Nexus phone to try out the "pure" Android experience and it was all a let down. I want to get rid of this phone but idk what to do. 
Is it going to be a new phone? If so, I'm doing the same 
It's true though, can't justify the price when the iPhone had that A10 chip, and it's *water-resistant*, and actually promised updates
Can confirm, batt at 75% with about 1  hr SOT time 
Wow! Much prices, very high. 
Im confused
Si it doesn't have a menu system? It relies on a phone? If so, I'm getting the Mi box since using my phone to use the Chromecast is a pain 
iPhone 7s plus I'm coming for you next year. Im keeping the 6P or I might just sell it. 
What phone is that? How come it says volte 
I'm on the same boat, I'm just going to keep my 6P for another year and getting the next iPhone (the iPhone 7s plus if it's called that), I've had so many problems with this phone and the very slow updates and Android N being a disaster, I will probably move on and get an iPhone. I might keep the 6P as a secondary phone or just sell it 
Won't it damage the screen though? That's my main concern
Google now launcher
I don't care if I get down votes, but why on earth would you install this app? This is basically like cheetah mobile crap. You don't need this 
It's always off, I've tried having it on, but it kept turning on in my pocket and the fear of poor battery life made me kept it off. I also have a smart watch (ZenWatch 2), so I'm fine 
Honestly though, I be Tim does not have the time and I'm pretty sure he doesn't give a damn. And I bet he doesn't even rub that email. 
Again, why is this taking so long when apple already has watch OS *3*
If I where you, I'd uninstall that now 
Where's is 4G LTE????
Where are the Doritos style play icons? Fuck this is old 
I need at least 7.0 on each side 
That's a weird looking notification shade lol
OH MAN YES I HATE THIS
I'll going to miss the day telling people this is a Nexus and sounding badass to "pixel", sounds super lame 
>12:00

Fuck their new 
I don't know why all the hate about apple, sure I know this is android, but all I'm saying is that you're also doing the same. Apple users are buying the iPhone every year, and you guys are buying the new Nexus every year. What is the difference? I bet some are willing to pay the price of the Pixel XL and own a Nexus 6P, that you bought later on even though you already owned a Nexus 6 or 5. 
Are those apple airpods he's wearing?
>Polished software

Lmfao😂😂
Have you tried apple music? Even though their Android app is literally shit, the exclusive music is pretty good. 
Who says I'm done with Android? I still have Android tablets and I might buy a pixel c in the future. All I'm saying is that apple is just a better company when it comes to their products. For example, apple has already released watchOS 3 to the market. While on the Android side, we still have the wear v 1. And v 2 is "coming out soon". Google just doesn't listen to people and they just don't do a good job in releasing product that people want. Allo was a tipping point for me in a way that *it took then so long to release this app and it yet looks and feels like nothing from what they said*. Apple said in the keynote that the iPhone 7+ will have the bokah effect coming soon. Well, there is already an iOS beta that has that. Apple does deliver, while Google does not 
Lmao😂😂🤔
I once asked it to tell me how do join Isis as a joke (obviously) and it responded with I can search the web for answers. I responded go ahead and then it responded with there might be some info on the web....and the first link was Go Ahead Tours. This assistant is a smartass
I got the bare aluminum one since Best buy did not have any other colors and it's been bad. Since I use my phone naked I can see discoloration in the Huawei branding on the back if the phone. It appears to be sorta scratched and under some certain conditions it is very noticeable. Other than that line thing that appears and I'm pretty sure it's where the phone lays flat, it doesn't look too bad tbh 
I was about to comment this. Why the fuck would his friends get mad when his chat bubble is fucking green??? 
I already told myself my next phone is the next year's iPhone. Google just doesn't listen and I still have that dumbass battery drain. I've heard that apple has acknowledged about some issue with the lightning headphones and their are already working on it. Meanwhile on Google, absolutely nothing. What the shit 
Honestly, I have messed up my phone so much I don't even want a case one it. It had a lot of scratches and dents every where 
It's not about that, it's another reason why Android is not that good. The phone is a mess in a way that it's buggy, the other day my alarm did not wake me up because Google play services kept the phone awake through the whole night. I can't believe this kind of thing can happen on the latest version of Android, it's honestly ridiculous 
Alright, well it's not just about allo, this phone is just a mess and it's very buggy. The only reason I still have this phone is because it cost me a lot of money and don't feel like buying another one this year, and the display is very good, and the Reddit apps are better (Unless there is Relay on the app store). I am not a huge apple fan, but I have Google and the Nexus line a chance. Apple has their shit together and you can't deny that. 
I only got one of my friends to use this app, the only reason is because we text via sms and I honestly don't like kik too much. It's been, pretty basic. The only cool "feature" is the shout and whisper thing. Other than that, it's pretty bland, and also that assistant is always watching our convos and appears pretty randomly. I just don't get why it took them this long. 
The reason I neglect to use the app, is because of Facebook, it's a shady company. And the app is very intrusive in my opinion, those little bubbles would drive me crazy, plus the app is VERY heavy on resources ( I never have installed any Facebook app on my phone to date, so I'm not entirely sure). But also everything i say is probably stored in the servers. Yeah no thanks 
I'm done with Google, I don't care about the Pixel phones, dont matter how good they are, Google just sucks now. Allo was a complete fucking mess and it took then this fucking long. I'm buying an iPhone next year. I gave "Pure Android" a chance, and it sucks. I should of just gotten a 6S. 
This bitch
In all honesty, this app is so disappointing. I mean, I can't even customize the text area...like not even the background. And the lack of sms is not good to me since I text most of my friends via that. (or I use kik)
I would but I won't connect to their wifi anymore I just don't trust them and their click here if you agree to our terms and stuff is very...idk not good to me. And the fact that you log in via YOUR personal log in, they know who you are 
I've seen people talking about how att or Verizon released nougat. I'm really confused since I updated via the beta program
Barely noticed that the led flash is first in the back, then the camera. I always thought the camera should be first, then the flash unit. Weird 
A nice screen, and than force touch/3D touch the iPhone has. Also the tactile engine the iPhone has. And of course water-resistant
I'm sure it's going to be available as it has the same internals as the Huawei watch, but I'm sure it's going to take a while 
Weirdly enough, only psiphon works in my school wifi. Literally every single VPN app in the play store does not work including tor. It's very fishy to me so that'd why I stopped using their wifi 
I'm confused, aren't Nexus devices should just receive the update no matter the Carrier the phone is on? Sort of like iPhones? Why does a Carrier have to get involved?
Yeah but them permissions tho 
Can I do that with my ZenWatch 2?
What are some reasons to root the watch anyway?
Marshmellow is good tho
Needs more bottom bezels
None, im actually going to keep my 6P until next year and getting the 7s plus. I love this phone but oh man the bugs and the device gets very hot it's honestly ridiculous. I should of just returned the phone when I had the chance and got a 6s plus. I tried with Android, but all the bugs and the horrible battery life just seems like it should not be. My other choice is Windows Phone, but I'm choosing an iPhone. 