The problem I had with the email, as a Kickstarter backer, is the addition of Embers. As far as I’m aware, unless you wanted the cosmetics with Kickstarter specifically, it looks like these new preorder packs are mostly better than their KS equivalents. They still come with cosmetic stuff, and not junk like emote packs, they come with beta or alpha access like KS, game time like KS, but includes Embers when KS packs don’t. 

They’ve done a really bad job at keeping Kickstarter backers updated on anything that’s going on with the games development. I shouldn’t have to watch 10 hours of video a week or skim through multiple essays put together by the community to find out what’s going on. Sum things up even once a month and send it to us. 
As the others said, Twitch Client, but as the Twitch Client is now also the client for Curse, it's still useful for things like WoW or Minecraft addons.
And in some places it doesn’t matter that it’s completely not the victims fault, his insurance rates would also raise for having the gall of using his insurance for its intended purpose. 
https://www.osha.gov/OshDoc/data_General_Facts/whistleblower_rights.pdf
I had a rat with a similar tumor also named Skye who was about the same age and we decided against the surgery due to her age. Then she just kept living! We eventually got it removed and she was much happier and lived to about 3.5 years. I’m not trying to question your decision, just providing something to think about!
Vinny might be close as well? My understanding is that he and Jeff are equals in position
Even better is my wife had SoftBank in Japan, came to the US and we got Sprint. We left them in late 2013, around the same SoftBank bought Sprint. Now Sprint is merging with T-Mobile. SoftBank really wants my wife as a customer again!
Not saying the "and" is common in advertisements of prices. Like those infomercials that say "Just 5 easy payments of twenty-nine ninety-nine!". They don't say the "and" but it's accepted as $29.99, not $2,999.
When mine got older and a bit lazier, they’d lay with me on the couch, usually near my feet. They would get active and come up to my face as a way to tell me that they wanted to go back to their cage. They’d usually pee or poo as soon as I set them down, it was really nice of them. 
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Betteridge%27s_law_of_headlines
As the others said, a 120 or 140mm should be fine. I just couldn’t find any definitive data and didn’t want to set it all up, be disappointed, then have to return the cooler and set it all up with a different one so I went overkill and got a 280mm. 

I also looked at it as I already spent $700 on the gpu, what’s other $150?
I went from an aorus 1080ti with the triple fan cooler to a g12 and kraken x62. 80-85c load temps to never above 53c
Google says that RiNo is along York/40th/Walnut/Downing/Larimer/Lawrence to Park Ave W and 25/70. Though it looks to have some overlap with Five Points, even according to Google Maps, which goes all the way up to the South Platte, well NW of Larimer/Lawrence.
> This "But you live in Aurora" argument I keep hearing about loses it's muster each new time I hear it. At least in relation to the corner I live in anyways. It's got its grimy corners, that's for damn sure, but shit is changing fast.

To be fair, you live more in West Aurora. I imagine NW closer to Stapleton. When you initially said NW Aurora, I was imagining near Colfax, which isn't somewhere I'd like to live.

It is grating hearing that "HAHA, AURORA" though. I live near Buckley AFB and it's fine. Admittedly, there are definitely places I wouldn't live in Aurora, but it seems like large swathes of it are suburbia instead of gang wasteland like people suggest.
> (over $200 over 4 years).

God, I wish my apartments' price hikes were that reasonable! $50/month increase per year is decent. An apartment I was at in Texas, not even a nice one, super old and drafty, as well as tiny, increased rent $125/month from one year to the next.
At micro center that’s only partially true. They’re commission based, but if the customer returns that item they lose the commission on it, so it is in their best interest for you to walk out with what you want/need. 
I kinda want to try this, but have a few hangups about it. I hate eating chicken on the bone. Would their boneless chicken be okay? Also, regular Coke is a no-go for me, Diet or Zero only.

Is that still sufficiently within the spirit of the challenge? I know the Diet/Zero is a significant calorie loss. Maybe a Large pizza instead to make up for it? Their site says a Large with those toppings would be 2000 calories. The 1480 from the medium plus 420 from half the Coke comes out to 1900. So then 6 boneless chicken pieces equaling 340 calories, 60 less than the 8 hot wings, making the difference 40 calories more for me?
He one hit me every time I fought him, after a minute or two of dodging around him, as his attacks were all unblockable. Much better after turning down the difficulty
I fought my first revenant, went down into the ravine for the chest down there, found my first purple enemy and had to turn down the difficulty after about 5 tries
Not everywhere. He just has to track down the location they started in and release them there, easy!
The question isn't about whether or not these videos are available on YouTube, but whether they're demonetized or not, which has very little to do with YouTube itself. If advertisers don't want to be associated with killing animals, you will not receive money for your videos of killing animals, simple as that.
I've had to put down some baby rats with suffocation by dry ice. I heard it'll just slowly put the rats to sleep. I didn't want them to suffer, my wife was breeding pet rats, but these ones had genetic issues, birth defects, that kind of stuff. Sometimes the rats would freak out and claw at the sides of the container, made me feel awful as they were obviously in distress.
Samsung mobile OLED are better than LG’s. Why wouldn’t you want them to use the best components?
I have the adils linnmon combo and have had it for about 5 years and don’t have any dents or sagging. 
GN review is up now
Technically they do have a chance. It’s just a very low chance. 
I live in Denver and even my 300hp v6 feels sluggish due to the decreased power from lack of air. It’s about a 15% loss of power in Denver compared to sea level for a naturally aspirated engine. Turbocharged engines will maintain their power longer. I visited Oregon last summer and Texas in February, my car feels way better there!

The mountains especially, you’ll have trouble with naturally aspirated 4 cylinders. I won’t take my wife’s Mazda 3 up there.

The Prius has regenerative braking, right? Probably got a ton of juice while coming down the mountains!
Yup, that’s the thing. It’s supposed to provide additional downforce to help with grip. Most civics aren’t fast enough for it to be a major factor.
It’ll be up tomorrow morning. It’s on the schedule
I like them a bit more with a spoiler, even though I know the spoiler does squat for any stock Civic that isn't a Type-R.
I like the new Civics, from the front. The back looks like they just couldn't stop designing. I loved my '91 and '11 Civic, I hope they make them more appealing in the future. The Accord still looks nice, if a little boring compared to my current-gen Maxima.
Definitely not along 183, not enough space for them to build a new HQ. Maybe towards Las Colinas?
Seems like a tripping hazard if he leaves them there all the time. Definitely looks like the middle of a street or walkway.
It's nice that this is now in the stable version. I've been having to use Chromium builds for my VR porn!
I thought of the poster for The Frighteners
Strange. It doesn’t seem to be happening on my wife’s computer. Maybe I’ll just use sleep until Microsoft puts out a fix for it. And maybe I’ll tell my wife I can’t fix it so I can get a 960 evo m.2 drive ;)
Luckily there isn’t really a good way for them to check that on items you get from a physical store. I had to pay Colorado sales tax on a couple hundred I spent on Newegg last year, because Newegg reports that to Colorado state government. The PS4 I bought while visiting Oregon? There’s no way of them knowing about that unless I tell them. 
I heard of it while living in Texas. Not that I willingly paid that, of course. 

I did have to pay a yearly use tax on a car, though, which I thought was super dumb. That was on top of the taxes I paid when I bought the car and on top of registration and inspection fees. 
Turn down for WhatsApp 
Are you sure? I've definitely seen different weather in the same spot. The problem I've seen with ESO weather is that it's client-side and not synced with the server at all. My wife and I can be in the same exact spot, on characters that have done the same exact quests because we only play them with each other, and have different weather.
I want to see a modern take on Anarchy Online's system. They had player housing in the form of apartments, only a couple different ones but the top one was a luxury one with a view of space. Fairly uninteresting, though still a lot better than some games that came out long afterwards.

Then they had "guild housing", used mostly for alien raids, with very limited customization (they came out in 2004). But they were entire cities, with multiple buildings you could enter. You had a large HQ with a crafting area, little cafe, large meeting rooms for guild meetings. There was a dueling area, a bar, you could get a guard house and have NPC guards patrolling your city, portals to major NPC cities. The cities were out in the world, so random players could run up and into them, they were limited to specific plots designated for it.

There were different sizes of plots, so you had to make sure which buildings you wanted cause not all plots could have all buildings. They usually had 2-5 plots in a cluster, so you'd have neighbors but it would look more like an actual city. [Here's a tiny screenshot of what it would look like during an alien raid](https://www.anarchy-online.com/images/gameplay-2.jpg). Aliens would occasionally attack player cities, and if you fended them off you would get a chance for items that could be crafted into some of the best armor in the game.

Something like that, with more customization, could be really neat in a modern game. I don't think it would work particularly well in ESO, because the maps are usually pretty well utilized, but AO had large swathes of mostly empty unused areas with a couple mobs wandering around.
It didn't look like he couldn't control the mount, it looked like he misjudged the jump to the other platform
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crime_preparation

>In some jurisdictions, the very act of preparing for a crime is a criminal offense in itself, though it is generally viewed as being natural behavior for lawbreakers. The preparations that criminals take prior to their illegal actions are very often prosecuted as inchoate offenses, described in law as the crime of preparing for or seeking to commit another crime. The most common examples of an inchoate offense are conspiracy and the possession of tools necessary to execute the crime or crimes. "Inchoate offense" has been defined as "Conduct deemed criminal without actual harm being done, provided that the harm that would have occurred is one the law tries to prevent."

It's possible it could be tried as a crime, but some laws have some wording that would make the defense extremely easy and it all depends on the jurisdiction.
Depends on the resolution. My 7700k and 1080ti have trouble keeping 60+ fps at 1440 and ultra settings.
No, that's pretty much the entire game.
I have a 7700k and 1080ti system, 16gb of ram, 7tb hdd and 1tb ssd space with a 750w Seasonic titanium psu. I have thought about getting a Ryzen 2700X when those come out, depending on performance, simply so I don’t have to delid to get good temps. I’d like a gsync monitor and an m.2 ssd, but otherwise I’m content for now. 
Ah, that would help too. I keep everything maxed, as I rarely ever go to Suramar anyways.
Suramar can get my 7700k 1080ti setup down to 30 fps at 1440. Not OC'd, though. That's a rough area, hopefully the DX12 coming with BFA will help.

Early reports are that 8.0 alone, without DX12, are giving anywhere from 10-80% improvements in Suramar, so that's promising.
I just checked, [look at this sweet deal I found!](https://denver.craigslist.org/sop/d/pny-technologies-motherboard/6560536626.html)
Is that the CPC results from last month, using an A320 motherboard? Ryzen is pretty sensitive to RAM speed, and A320 seems to have some issues running RAM at 3000 Mhz or above. Guru3D also says that A320 has issues properly using the Turbo feature.

The embargo lifts in 6 days, why don't we all just wait until then and see results using more enthusiast-level hardware and from more than one source?
It looks nice. I’m still trying to decide between 4K 60 like you got and 1440 100+hz. I currently have a 1440 60 and 1080 60, but I’d really like gsync
Hot damn. Which monitor did you get? 
Or Best Buy's Gamers Club Unlocked
Alternatively, wait a couple weeks for the new version to come out. Supposed to be a pretty significant upgrade, with a higher contrast and more local dimming zones (96 on the 55" vs 72 on the current model) for the same price, or close to it. TCL says they should be available around May 1st.
But I’m using a 1080ti
I want to get away from Nvidia so I can have adaptive refresh rate on a monitor without paying a ton extra because my gpu manufacturer likes to make everything proprietary. 

But I need AMD or Intel to have something comparable at the high end, not in the mainstream. 
I certainly don’t mean to imply it was on the level of something like The Godfather, but it was much better than Doom. 
It is based on the first game, though the first game didn’t have tons of story so maybe that’s why they thought it doesn’t count? The movie uses the story as it was later developed, and not the barebones of what was in the first game. 
Also his dad is David Bowie
First question, about video game movies, even as a Warcraft player I think Warcraft was good.
Don't worry, I'll eat beef tonight to get them back for you. Solidarity!
Well, almost everything in the first 2 tiers are rebundles. The only things that aren't being rebundled are, what, the DLC for CoH2 and Endless Legend?

For some people, this certainly can be fairly disappointing. Most of those people, though, will be those who buy bundles often.
Spriggan is some good-bad anime if you want a 90 minute movie rather than a series of episodes 
I find myself agreeing with the sentiments of the comments on the site. I've found myself watching less and less GB in the last couple months, and I don't know if it's me being a bit burnt out, but this was definitely not the video to try to jump back in with.
My guild in FFXIV is planning a meetup at both the Eorzean Symphony and the FFXIV Fanfest. I might meet up with people here and there if they or I am in the area, but I personally wouldn’t do a big guild meetup. 
Are you kidding? Diatomaceous earth and borax. They both stick to the roach as it walks through, then it goes back and cleans itself. The earth is microscopically sharp and will cut their exoskeleton, drying them out. When they clean themselves they swallow some borax. Now that the diatomaceous earth made them dehydrated, they go find water, which reacts with the borax and expands in their gut, killing them. Roaches eat their dead, so it soon spreads.

Even just the diatomaceous earth by itself works fine. I found German roaches in an apartment I moved into a few years back, sprinkled diatomaceous earth around baseboards, wherever I saw roaches, and if I saw a roach out I'd sprinkle earth on it rather than killing it. Germans are the ones that infest and are hard to get rid of. Those things were gone within a couple months.
To help him out here, the original Sutter brothers have a combined 2,934 points in the NHL.

Brent - 829

Brian - 636

Darryl - 279

Duane - 342

Rich - 315

Ron - 533
They were taken out of Garrisons when Legion launched. Makes sense that they would be taken out of Class Halls when BFA launches.
He doesn’t expect them to make new versions of CS or DOTA, even though CS has had multiple entries. But they also don’t make things like Half Life 3, Left4Dead 3, Portal 3. 
Yes
My character knows very few styles and I got motifs in about 75% of my anniversary boxes yesterday. Probably not going to hit it as hard today, yesterday I did all my writs, almost every WB and delve as well as a few hunts and collects from ashlanders in Vvardenfell, and CWC dailies.
I'd at least like an actual search function on the individual traders. It's annoying having an idea that something is there and having to look through a bunch of items individually to find it.
I’m not sure if I should try to sell mine early this week or hold onto them for a while for prices to rebound. Where’s a good place to sell them in zone chat? I’ve been trying in Vvardenfell with a different motif for a few weeks, competitively priced according to TTC and haven’t gotten any interest at all. 
What? I’ve never seen it, I thought I checked the map too. I’ve been going all the way to Balmora
Do you think the other motifs will drop in price while the event is going on? I’ve personally got quite a few from the chests already
~~Either that or a stable in Vivec~~ 

Nevermind, I'm blind as a bat, Vivec is fine!
Got Wormcult Helmets my first chest. Was hoping they'd be super rare like the news post hinted, I wanted to make a bunch of money!
I think Patrick meant Open World Juggalo Game
I was looking at an oilfield job and it said minimum 80 hours/week
I've noticed something like that. Seems to happen to me a lot during MSQ cutscenes, but I've heard it outside of cutscenes as well, out in the world where I'm alone with no minions out. I've experienced it using Logitech speakers as well as Sennheiser headphones. I've tried turning individual audio settings down ingame, and my audio drivers are up to date.

I thought I was going crazy, I made a post about it a few weeks ago and got no comments and only downvotes. Couldn't find anything on Google about it.
>To help you identify what daily and weekly quests are available to you, we have also added the “Adventurer's Almanac, 2nd Edition" to the game. Upon reading it, if you have completed the Mages Guild quest line, the new book will be added to your Eidetic Memory and be accessible from your Journal at any time. You can find the book somewhere near Chef Donolon in each capital city.

>The book contains everything you need to know about the available weekly and daily quests, including their location, activity type, requirements, and recommended level of experience to complete. There's always adventure to be had in Tamriel, and now, you'll always be able to find it!

From the link
I was deciding between the Pro M and Dark Base Pro 900 to replace my Define R4. The price was the deciding factor for me. Though if I had known the current gen iPhones would have wireless charging I might have gone with the BeQuiet case, that would have been really convenient. 
Sightseeing log?
I’m certainly no expert, I’ve just been fascinated by black holes in the past, but my understanding is that the density change only matters to the event horizon. If matter is a bit away from the event horizon, it acts like any other object with similar mass. 

Theoretically, if the outside portions of the Star weren’t blown away by a nova or similar phenomenon, and weren’t drawn into the initial black hole forming, they could orbit the black hole for a time. At least until the angular momentum lessened and they got pulled in.
No. Turning into a black hole doesn’t necessarily increase the amount of mass, it just means that the mass that is there can no longer escape. If the sun were to turn into a black hole of the same mass as it is currently (without some catastrophic event) the earth would continue to rotate it like normal 
[Did you know that Gogurt is just yogurt?!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R-7ZYLo6iPY)
Then why did he say $20 instead of €20?
Your wallet
Just sprinkle some aftershave on that bad boy!

I appear to have struck a nerve. Maybe I should have put /s, but I didn't think it was necessary. Seems I overestimated some people.
We call that hot snakes. Hot snakes and bubble gut.
I like the mental image of you face planting into the road, getting up and walking over to some bewildered pedestrian and saying “you there! Pick up my motorcycle!”
My wife loves her ‘16 Mazda 3
It’s a Chrysler, so it’ll probably break down long before it gets anywhere near enough
There was one good thing that came out of Halo 5. I can't find the clip, but when Locke is demonstrating the armor freeze thing on Nathan Fillion's character, Drew Scanlon, of Cloth Map and Giant Bomb and Blinking White Guy fame, gave us the witty joke "I call it armor lock..cause of my name"
Surprised they also didn't mention the [Phanteks Enthoo Pro M TG](https://smile.amazon.com/Phanteks-PH-ES515PTG_BK-Tempered-Brushed-Plastic/dp/B01LRVHH6K?sa-no-redirect=1) as an alternative to the Enthoo Evolv TG. It doesn't have glass on both sides (a pro as far as I'm concerned), no RGB and it has a slightly different design that likely contributes to better airflow in the Pro (I own the Pro M but think the Evolv looks slightly better). It's also about $100 cheaper, roughly half the price.

I realize they can't realistically add every case, but this seems like a perfect addition since their con for the Evolv is price.
Your best bet is to [contact NZXT](https://support.nzxt.com/hc/en-us/articles/204736354-Exchange-or-Replacement-Part-) and ask if they'll replace it.
> Comparing it to Halo is a blunt argument imo. Honestly even the melee in Halo has its uses and perks lol. Nobody expects to get through the whole game with it, but they expect it to have a use if its there.

The melee in HZD also has it's uses. If an enemy is at low hp and right next to you, using melee is faster than waiting for the bow to draw back. Also useful for hunting animals, at least in the early game where you might not have enough slow-mo to properly aim at them.

That doesn't mean using melee was supposed to be a viable way to play the game. It's plainly not a main focus, and the FPS analogy is quite apt. It's there because it will have uses and if it wasn't there people would question why it was absent.
>The data, shown to Kooser by British broadcaster Channel 4 News, built her suspected political ideology and a personality profile gathered by information harvested from Facebook.

I wonder if that data is publicly available. I'd be interested in seeing if they have a profile on me and how accurate it is.
> HD Audio is available for all three voice over languages (English, German and French)

[The page for the English HD pack on Steam says that it doesn't support English.](https://i.imgur.com/xycS9FP.png)
Is the mini game called Hatching Tide too? I meant the event. 
HW is fantastic. The MSQ between the end of 2.0 and the start of 3.0 take forever. There’s tons of them, lots of running back and forth, and they give very little xp or gil. 
Can they be used outside of Hatching Tide?
> Agree with the MSQ sentiment, as do most FFXIV players. Up to 45ish, it's horrible...super boring, run here run there, get this and that, loooong cutscenes with bad dialogue, you're a warrior of light but also fetch me that fish over there. However, at 45 things start to piece together and now I'm super into it, excited to move onto HW.

Ooh boy. Just wait til that ARR to HW transition, it's rough!
I RMA'd a Sapphire Radeon 7870XT (more of a cut-down 7900 card than a 7800) and they sent me back a 7950. I RMA'd it within about a month of the card's launch (fan bearings seemed to be faulty, making noises they shouln't have been)

Seems super common.
There are even city sales taxes. It’s generally not very high, but my city adds an extra 0.011% sales tax. 
Any plans on formatting it for iPhone X? The notch cuts off part of the name of the unit. Not a big deal, still playable, just an eyesore. 
Use Nvidia surround/AMD Eyefinity
Depending on how old the tablet is you could have it in daydream mode where it will tell you the time when the screen idles off. There are extra plugins for it as well. I have one on my computer desk that tells me the time and the weather outside, and that’s the tablets only purpose. 
Up to 4” in Denver. 
I’ve seen a few cops sitting just after the 25 exits and one over near the EB exit for Highway 2/Colorado Blvd
And with a redo they can probably up the speed limit too!
The US times for Mountain and Pacific are off. They should be 1 hour ahead, so 11:45 for Mountain and 10:45 for Pacific. 
I lived there for 3 years. I was there for a couple days to visit. I brought that up to show that I’ve likely been there more recently than you have. Maybe you should try to be less condescending when you don’t actually understand the situation. 
> The rule of thumb is no matter where you are going in the metroplex, it takes you 20 mins to get there

Hah. I was in DFW in mid-February to visit for a couple days. That rule of thumb wasn't applicable at all. Tons of people sitting in the left lane at 5 under, or 3 cars side by side going the same speed and blocking everybody else when the road ahead was clear.

Of course the fact that almost every stretch of highway in the metroplex is undergoing construction didn't help, either.
Aggressive drivers can be just as bad as distracted drivers. I saw drivers take way more risks in DFW than anywhere else in the country, and I've driven cross-country multiple times. I don't know if it's the heat or what, but they really need to relax a bit while driving.
DFW does have considerably worse drivers though
What other option is there?
Head to Adonis and see if you can do the solo mission there. I can post more about it after work if no one gets to it first, but it gives you an okay back piece and can drop some nice armor. Will also give decent xp. 

Go back to RK and do dailies, those will give large chunks of sk. Pen mobs can be rough, in my experience they’ve simply got too much hp. 

Edit: here’s that Adonis mission I was talking about. Can be tough, but take it slow and it should be doable

https://www.ao-universe.com/index.php?id=14&mid=35&site=AO-Universe%2FKnowledge%2FShadowlands%2FQuests+Guides%2FAdonis%2F&pid=482
It'd be cool if they could release the [3440x1440 200hz G-Sync with HDR monitors](https://www.acer.com/ac/en/US/content/predator-series/predatorx35) that they announced last year
It’s the price I pay yearly for the stickers that go on my license plate. It varies wildly by state. Utah was $600 for the 2nd year of a Civic. Texas was about $100/year. Washington is also fairly cheap 
My registration in Colorado for a $34k car was $800 the first year and $550 the second. Want to trade?
That’s how it works in Washington, Florida, and Texas. In Colorado, the dealership sends in the paperwork then you go in to the DMV yourself and pay the fees for the plate separate from the car transaction. In my county for the first year the registration fees are 2.5% of 80% of MSRP, it goes down yearly after that. My initial registration was $800, this last January I paid about $550 for my yearly renewal. 

Those are the 4 states I’ve bought cars in. 
Depends on the make of the car. My Maxima didn’t have any bolt holes behind the Nissan logo. 
“Tina, just step on the brakes”
Only in the sense that they don’t fabricate it themselves. They still make it in the sense of the design and technology behind it. 
Microsoft doesn't use their own hardware. Xbox One and PS4 use AMD hardware.
Oh someone actually answered lol. It’s a joke from Giantbomb about the video game Firewatch, which people had a hard time explaining before release. 
But what is firewatch
If you expand your search outside of earth, there’s always Olympus Mons, 2.5 times taller than Everest 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Olympus_Mons
You’re not likely to get anything else in an office chair without spending a ton more, but careful of bonded leather. It tends to crack and peel after about a year or 2. 
I have the lazboy nexus and it’s great. I’m not 6’4” though. 
Alright cool, thanks!
I have a 2017 Maxima, but looking at their list of pre-cut stuff it looked like the only Nissans they had stuff for were 20+ year old 240SX’s. Am I missing a different list?
With the G12 bracket (my first link) you can install them on GPUs. I have a Kraken X62 on my 1080ti. Temps never above 52C
Did they have one made for your car or did you have to get one custom built? How much did that run you?

My stock windshield scratches and chips extremely easily, and it seems to be a problem with the model of car I have, so I've been thinking about replacing it already.
And Final Destination 2.
I read Ars, a bit of TechPowerUp (though their output rate is glacial) and GamersNexus.

Ars is great because it covers not just straight tech, but also how it affects things like global climate, cars, astronomy, etc.
Sounds like a topdown version of Planetside?
https://smile.amazon.com/Kraken-Matte-Cooling-Black-RL-KRG12-B1/dp/B06ZYHRMYP

https://smile.amazon.com/Kraken-Liquid-Cooling-System-RL-KRX42-02/dp/B06XXJ86WJ/

Doesn't seem that expensive
I turned mine off years ago because I was getting alerts for places 6 hours away, and they'd be spammed. If I'm in Denver and there's an Amber Alert in Albuquerque, I don't need to know about it 10 times in a 5 minute period.
The Black Plague was USA's fault. If the USA had formed sooner and spread things like medicine and cleanliness, the Black Plague wouldn't have been nearly as bad!
Neat. Tough to say how to get it to work, or if you'll even find readily available parts. I can't quite read all of the interfaces along the top, being upside down and partly obscured, but start there. It looks like one says VGA. There's an IDE interface along the side for a drive as well as a SATA port. Luckily it looks like it'll take a regular ATX power supply.

Do you happen to know what CPU it has? You honestly might be better off just getting a Pi if it's not fairly recent, you'd spend less and use less power.
Definitely dress for the situation you'll be in the majority of the time. I used to work a manual labor job inside, moving 100lb cabinets around, lifting them up over my head and such. Thus, I wore shorts, even if it was -15F outside and snowing. I'm only going to be in the cold and snow for a very small part of my day, while I'll be sweating like crazy for a vast majority of my day.

Then again, if you're allowed to wear shorts at your work, you could always try to bring back [leg warmers](https://smile.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss_1?url=search-alias%3Daps&field-keywords=leg+warmers)
Anarchy Online
[Also the backstory of Dances with Wolves](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XT2S1OkSld4)
I no longer have rats, but when I did I either didn't bring it up or said I had gerbils. I've had yearly inspections where they saw the rats and didn't care, but YMMV. My current apartment had a list of banned pets and neither rats nor rodents in general were on it.
I have a problem with that example. What if I don't have pink lipstick? They didn't test any other colors, how will I know if they'll work as well? I assume blue lipstick would give me lower temps.
Had it for 2 months. No screen protector, no case. Everything is fine. 
When it was estimated in 2007, it was at [6%](https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/fact-or-fiction-living-outnumber-dead/).

Relevant quote:

>To calculate how many people have ever lived, Haub followed a minimalist approach, beginning with two people in 50000 B.C.—his Adam and Eve. Then, using his historical growth rates and population benchmarks, he estimated that slightly over 106 billion people had ever been born. Of those, people alive today comprise only 6 percent

[This Quora answer](https://www.quora.com/What-percent-of-all-humans-that-ever-lived-are-alive-now) used Haub's further updated info and extrapolated back to 200,000 BC rather than 50,000. Haub's conclusion was 6.5% alive today, using a world population of 7 billion, while Trevor Best here arrives at 6.3% alive today.
I had to check your number, but the research backs it up, approximately 7% of humans who have had contact with water have yet to die. 
And that’s fixed if you put it on your boot drive?
You can still draw your weapon in cities
Well, your money. Just figured I’d provide you with a cheaper and less power hungry alternative
Do you have any 4k files, or is it all 1080p? If it's 1080p, you can build a Plex server [on a Raspberry Pi](https://www.codedonut.com/raspberry-pi/raspberry-pi-plex-media-server/). I just did it the other day, cost me about $50, not counting the NAS.
I have the Dark Rock Pro 3, which is one of the larger air coolers out, comparable to the Noctua D15. I have absolutely zero concerns about it damaging my motherboard. There's no flex when moving the computer upright or touching the cooler.
I have AC:O installed on a drive that isn't my OS drive and it doesn't crash on startup?
Their list of compatible tablets lists the Monoprice HD22 as Unknown, so I sent her the link for her to try out, thanks!
Their table is way too tall for that. The pool table, on the other hand, I don’t use!
Does it work alright with monoprice drawing tablets? I got my wife the 22” one with pressure sensitivity and have been having trouble getting it to play nice with GIMP. She just wants to draw stuff
Tried moving in with my wife's parents to save on rent. They said "nope, what if we want to have sex out in the open? This is our house!"
Compared to current prices it is
How is this a Denver job?
My dad is also blind in one eye! His is from a bar fight, though, and unrelated to my bad vision (comes from my mothers side). 
That’s true, I was just thinking of a single soda. In the case of Diet Coke, it uses aspartame which, as you said, has studies showing it doesn’t affect insulin levels. 
Diabetes is having high blood sugar, typically due to your body’s inability to produce insulin or produce enough insulin to keep up. Insulin causes the glucose (sugar) in your blood to transfer to your liver, so provoking an insulin response without adding glucose would, at least in type 2 diabetes, reduce blood sugar. At least that’s my understanding of it, I just take the metformin I’m prescribed. 
I did the same thing with the L bracket, screw, and 3M command strips. Mine is still upside down, but that's because I have a staple gun so I was able to make the cord look nice.
I know how it is, I used to live in Florida. Took my driving test there, they didn't even test on how to park on a hill. Lived in Dallas for a few years, too, and the drives for both Washington to Florida and Dallas to Denver are some of the most boring. The Oklahoma/Kansas parts are truly awful, flat mostly straight roads for 8 hours straight.
Not in the east where that breeder is located.

Also, the [wikipedia page for Kansas' highest "mountain"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mount_Sunflower) says:

>The state of Kansas gradually increases in elevation from the east to the west. As such, "Mount" Sunflower, while the highest point in the state in terms of elevation, is virtually indistinguishable from the surrounding terrain.

Being from Washington and living in Colorado, their "mountains" just look like slight elevation changes to me.
>Kansas

>Enchanted **Hills**

https://i.imgur.com/8KTtscB.png
>Peep Show

Or as Big Narstie would say, Peep It
Or Forza
Americans were created on Azeroth?
Similar for me, though I have a 1080ti so there isn't an equivalent AMD card.
I’m not sure about that exact phrasing, but the TSA discriminates based on sex as well
Let me speak as a sprout: I left NN because questions from many sprouts were being ignored in favor of the same 4-5 people emoting that they were giving each other cringey tackling hugs and making cookies and shit. It happened hours on end multiple days in a row. I left NN around level 15 and decided to just look up information for myself because no one would respond to questions.

I think I'm on Diabolos, but I haven't played in about 6 months. Hit a wall around the end of the Heavensward MSQ where it's just queue after queue after queue and they take forever as DPS.
[I believe it's this route that Squirrel showcased](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Ir0xNRFW1E)
90 days from purchase
Pro tip to get around that: quit your job, then 2 months salary is peanuts!
No doubt. Also POE models are much smaller and lower detail than ESO models
I’ve been playing Path of Exile lately and have been thinking the same thing. Some of the cosmetics in that game are really cool and I might consider buying them, but not when it’s $40 for some wings
If things get heated at a camp ground, it's intensity in tent city.
I'm a new player finally getting into the game, figured I'd get in during the excitement of a new league. I'm pretty much ignoring the beast capturing for now. I capture here and there, mostly rares or for the quests, but it isn't enjoyable. At the same time, there wasn't really any reason for me to go to standard either, so I'm just sticking with league for now.

When the league ends, do my league characters become standard characters like with Diablo's seasons?
I haven’t used them in a few years, but when I had a Galaxy S2 I used custom ROMs to get rid of all that bloat. Fairly simple process, there’s usually many guides explaining how to install them. 
Do you like stuff?
If he can fit 140mm as exhaust as well (I considered the S340 but didn't get it due to clearance issues with my CPU cooler, so I'm not sure if it'll fit), 140mm will produce less noise while moving the same amount of air as 120mm.

I've got 3x BeQuiet! Pure Wings 2 140mm in my case (Phanteks Enthoo Pro M TG) and can't hear them or my CPU cooler (BeQuiet! Dark Rock Pro 3, which has 2 fans on it) over the pump noise of the Kraken X62 on my GPU.
I had one while I was living in Texas. Been considering getting one again, would probably be much nicer here. With the heat there's extra things to consider like batteries, so I couldn't have one that would do the shock recording while the car was off. Also the suction cup loses it's suction much faster in the heat.

If you get one, you can run the wire under the lining along the top of your windshield, using electrical tape if need be. I did it over to the pillar, down along the inside of the passenger side pillar, down to the floor then under the carpet to the center console for the power. That way it's not just dangling.
>I backed my car into a cop car the other day

>Well, he just drove off - sometimes life's okay

-Modest Mouse
I suppose it's all background noise for me now, as I lived directly underneath the flightpath for DFW airport for a couple years. Now that was noticeable and annoying.
I live about 2 blocks from Buckley and don't notice the noise now, I doubt this will be noticeable for most people.
Not like this
There is a [PCI-E version](https://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16820167440), though at $600 for 480GB it's not exactly cost efficient. It's also not locked into the processor and chipset like the cache version I had thought of before, though it's also not nearly as fast.
Optane requires a much newer processor and chipset than he has last I checked
Thanks for doing these
"T-Mobile Wifi" doesn't fit on the X, it goes off both to the left and into the notch. It's not even T-Mobile's wifi, it's mine.
I have CarPlay in my vehicle and that's the only time I use Siri. Even then I rarely talk to her, she just reads my texts to me. I think I can count on 1 hand the amount of times I've asked something of her while in the car, and I've had it about a year and a half. It's almost always searching for a location in Maps.
That’s my job when we get busy, too, but we start at 5 on Saturday. Normally start at 5 on the weekdays too but when we’re working 12s we’re allowed to do 3-3:30 instead of 5-5:30, easier on the commute
DIA employee parking is $30/month
My mom quit smoking when I was a kid as well. She tried patches and gum. I think what finally worked was a tape she ordered of super annoying sounds that she would listen to every time she smoked
Minor correction: the rest of the games unlock on the first Friday of every month. In this case it means you’d get the 3 games listed now and the rest on April 6th. 
And you get Harry Potter frames for Halloween, too! It’s a win-win
I'm not, I'm providing you with an alternative viewpoint, since your's obviously isn't enough to relate to the other poster.

My apartment in DFW was $800/month. My apartment here is $1400/month. However, I also gained $3/hour (no, it wasn't minimum wage to minimum wage) and went to a company where overtime is allowed. My wife gained $14/hour.

Thus, things were expensive in Texas relative to our earnings, while things in Denver are cheaper relative to our earnings but more expensive in an absolute sense.
Have you been to Colleyville? I worked there, and let me tell you, lots of rich old white folk. Had one tell my (black) boss to "go back to Mexico". He said she should talk to his boss, he'd love to go back to Cancun.

I've only ever driven through Plano, don't think I've ever stopped except for in traffic. Allen I've been to a few places, my vet was there and I have a friend that lives there. It was certainly much nicer than Irving where I was living!
Denton is nice, I used to donate plasma there. Unfortunately had to live in the mid-cities because my wife worked at Love Field.

If money were no object and I had to choose a place to live in Texas, I'd probably choose either somewhere like Plano/Allen, or possibly Colleyville/Southlake. Though to be honest the place I live doesn't really matter that much, I'm a homebody.
It's all relative. I thought Dallas was expensive when I lived there, but then I moved to Denver and while things are more expensive here, my wife and I both get paid considerably more.

Depending on where the person is at in life, remember that Texas doesn't have a state minimum wage, it uses the federal minimum wage. That doesn't only affect the people right at minimum wage, but also a couple steps above. You can get a few raises in Texas, be making $10/hour, and it's still below Colorado minimum.
It’s not really BFE Texas if it’s in the DFW metroplex
Like I said, that guys results look pretty smooth. I also said I’d be willing to test it in person. Unfortunately there just doesn’t seem to be data about the 0-first few hundred yards or about the g-forces it pulls on launch. 
You can have tinted tail lights. The lights will still shine through red, but the plastic will [appear black](https://acdn.americanmuscle.com/i/20090113230418_6396.jpg). I wouldn't do it, it's unsafe, but it's possible.
I found some [user testing](http://www.mynissanleaf.com/viewtopic.php?t=7937) on various accelerations. As for how it compares to other cars, it's hard to say. His results say the conditions were damp, but the acceleration seems fairly steady so it doesn't look like the launch is particularly hard.

I tried for a bit longer to find any other data, but can't. If anyone in the Denver area with a Leaf is interested in testing it, I have a 2017 Maxima, we can go find a straight road somewhere. At sea-level my car will do 0-60 in 5.5-5.7 seconds, but it's naturally aspirated so I lose some power up here.
That's also true of a lot of 4-cylinder ICE cars as well, though.
The fastest 0-60 time I can find for a Nissan Leaf is 6.9 seconds in the [race car version](https://www.caranddriver.com/reviews/nissan-leaf-ev-nismo-race-car-driven-review). That person must have already been on the verge of vomiting.
[Metal to the pedal to the other metal.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z74LRtjsI0Q)
They will also [use traffic to help crack nuts](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NenEdSuL7QU)
I prefer Assassins Creed Apples, but it’s tough to compare the two
Ive been wanting to get a smart watch, and there’s definitely been some killer deals. But I can’t wear it at work due to safety, I work in a manufacturing plant and it might catch in a machine. Every time I see a good deal on one I argue with myself about it for a few days til it goes out of stock
It's true. As an example, watch Little Evil on Netflix.
Maybe for Bitcoin. For Equihash, my 1080Ti hits 70-80 MH/s and that was around $14/day during the latest boom in late December/early January.
> 400/20mbps

Blaze it
My wife and I, also millennials, are fine with this kind of development. But honestly it’ll all depend on pricing. We can like it all we want but if prices start in the 400s or 500s, we’ll be admiring the houses from a distance instead of from within. 
I have a friend that used to work at Walmart for 15 years. He was a lead and topped out. They kept trying to promote him to manager, but he’d be making less. And managers at that level aren’t even salaried. 
You tax based on the monetary value
I didn’t have to go anywhere today until about 1:30, so they were okay when I drove
I left this last Wednesday for Dallas, where it was 70-80 degrees. Come back Saturday afternoon, washed the grime off the car due to the trip Sunday morning, then snow Monday. Glad I have unlimited washes at the place I go to and a garage at my apartment! Also my vacation ends today, so I lucked out on not having to drive in the snow yesterday.
http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/TokenMinority

There’s a more extensive list.

The list I gave before has 5 characters, I’m not sure how you get that 2 of them are the same. 

Let’s be honest, you’ve got your view decided and any example I come up with will have the goalposts moved further. It’ll be “that doesn’t count, [source] is always like that” or “that’s only one person”. Read my post again, I didn’t say “this will happen” and I didn’t say any specific people would say that. Do I believe that would happen? Absolutely. But I asked the other poster if he thought that would happen if the developers had included 1-2 characters of other ethnicities. 

If you’re asking for an example specific to KCD, that obviously isn’t possible. 
https://www.giantbomb.com/token-minority/3015-6828/characters/
It’s not bending over backwards though? It’s actually incredibly straightforward. It’s also not like the reward is skewed towards having sex. If you don’t have sex there’s an achievement. 

If people are uncomfortable with sexuality in general, that’s on them, not on the game. This entire thread seems to be a lot of people getting worked up over things that really don’t matter. 

So, can you tell me what the actual problem with the buff is? 
The recreation of which can be seen on The Big Bang Theory, available on a CBS channel near you!
Those are good ideas. There would be the issue of how do you show the prejudice, though. I'm sure it's not reflected very much in the historical records, but there definitely would have been prejudice. The example that comes to my mind is Mafia 3 and the points Austin brought up about it, that while it may not be politically correct today, it shows the viewpoints of the time.

As for the creative director's viewpoints, the decision to not include black people, even though there is the possibility they were there, may have been racially motivated on his part, the fact is that there's also the very real possibility that no black people were in that area for significant periods of time. Travel wasn't very easy in the 1400s, and going through what is effectively a civil war would have made trade slow down.

I don't agree with the creative director's views, but I also don't agree that this decision should be lambasted as much as it has been in this thread.
There could have been white people there. That doesn't mean the game would be "in the wrong" for not including them, as they likely were not anywhere near a significant portion of the population.

I guess I'm having a hard time understanding why others are having a hard time separating the creators' views from the game. Sure, his reasoning sucks, but the actual decision to not have black people seems perfectly reasonable to me. Much like, in the example above, a developer not including white people in a game set even a couple hundred years ago in Africa would seem perfectly reasonable to me as well.

But you haven't actually answered either of my questions. How, in video game form, without breaking immersion too much, would you have explained that we don't have the data on demographics to definitively say how many black people there were in the area at the time? And if they had included black people, what would have been "acceptable", since from what I've seen of your posts in this thread, the lack of them isn't acceptable to you? Would they need to be a major part or would townsfolk have been okay? You've done a lot of arguing against KCD, but I want to hear what your version would have looked like.
Sorry, I’m asking from a position of ignoring the racist guy. If there were a game set in Africa thousands of years ago, I wouldn’t be asking why there were no white guys. If they had added in black people, how many would have been “acceptable” to the people being critical of the design choice? One would have been “token”, right? So 2? Make it a random amount different for every play through? How do you signify “there may have been black people in this area during this time, but we don’t know how many”?
While the name of the buff is perhaps a poor choice, the buff itself can be argued to make sense. Having sex could give you a confidence boost, and confidence definitely ties into charisma. 
How do you go about doing that in video game form, though? It’s not like a lord will tell you ingame “we don’t do a census”. You could include a random number of various ethnicities, but even in this thread it’s acknowledged that we simply don’t know about the demographics. 

Not that I think it was right to include only one race, but it doesn’t seem out of the realm of possibility that there may not have been a diverse range of ethnicities in the area. 
Ignoring the guys viewpoints, if they had included other ethnicities, without proof those ethnicities were or weren’t there, wouldn’t people (not necessarily anyone here, but in general) accuse them of including “token” characters? This seems like a topic that isn’t cut and dry and I don’t envy the developers who had to make that decision or hear from the public now. 
Did the water bottle then come down and hit you? I suppose you could have almost saved it if you then caught the water bottle..
> For example, a Warrior in WoW is a melee class, who can equip a bow (or a gun, etc.), and it is for utility. It allows them to do ranged pulls, etc. Hunter is a melee/ranged class, can perform well in both. And notably ranged weapons had a deadzone, if you are in melee range, they can't shoot you with bow or gun any more. And buffs, for the most part, were longer. So you spent less time buffing and more time playing.

While in general you're right, Warriors don't need a ranged weapon to do ranged pulls, you can use a taunt ability or [Heroic Throw](http://www.wowhead.com/spell=57755/heroic-throw). They also no longer have a dedicated ranged slot, so they're not used as stat-sticks either.

Hunters had their deadzone essentially eliminated in patch 2.3, in Oct 2007, and completely eliminated in Cataclysm, over 6 years ago. Before 2.3, hunters had a maximum 5-yard range on their melee abilities and a minimum 8-yard range on their ranged abilities, so if you stayed 6-7 yards away they couldn't touch you, that got changed so that ranged could be used at 5-yards away. In Cataclysm that 5-yard minimum got removed as well. Then in Legion all those melee abilities got taken away and put in their own spec, so now hunters have a melee spec, ranged spec, and pet-focused (though still ranged) spec.

I absolutely agree about the double-bars, though. I know I'm lowering my own potential in ESO by not having a bow on my back bar, but I can't stand switching all the time. I'm still only questing, not even doing dungeons, so it doesn't matter too much, but it's a barrier to entry that I don't want to deal with.
The only reason I wanted to play Istaria was playable dragons
Saw a post on Facebook marketplace yesterday for an Xbox One S for $200. My first instinct was “bet that’s about the price of a new one”
OP is Cher?
The last time I used an ASRock board was with my old Athlon 64 X2 5000+ BE. It wasn't great, but it was also about 1/2 the price of other comparable boards, so I chalked it up to getting what you pay for. Glad they've got some quality products now, though.
I have a Z270 Gaming M5 and it set default voltages way too high. Around 1.2v when they should have been around 1.0v. Lowered temps to what the BIOS lists as default and my temps dropped substantially, to the point where I no longer feel it's necessary to delid, whereas before I was actively looking at buying a tool.
Are humans not animals?
7th son of a 7th son
Or the golf course
Like those bumper stickers I see everywhere say, “freedom isn’t free”
Depends on the motif. Some are from dailies, chests in certain zones, pickpocketing in certain zones, etc
I used to work in Colleyville and had a wealthy old white lady tell my professional, in both appearance and behavior, black boss to “go back to Mexico”
Storm
Personally I always stop far enough back that I can see the bottom of their tires. They’re probably nervous about being rear ended and pushed into the car in front of them
It “beat” Goku, but Goku had been traveling across the desert without food for a while. Once Goku had eaten something Yamcha stood no chance
Is this only for valentines or does it last for a week?
I was born with gray hairs and mostly bald by 25
But they do sell to the vendor for 10 gold each!
I saw this one in Aurora last year

https://imgur.com/a/5yYCp
I saw that, but while I’m willing to swap back and forth she’s iPhone through and through
Can I also add her to myFaves?
Ya it’s a shame. It looks slick, though I wish it did the Audi thing of retracting into the dash. Suppose that’s expecting too much for an $18k car ;) like I said she has the thing on her vent to hold her phone and it’s magnetic so it doesn’t take too much fussing about. 
As gjones said, Apple only. But it’s gotten way better than it was in the past. I still run into a few problems with navigation routing or lack of speed limit info or out of date roads from time to time. When my wife is in the car I’ll have her pull up Waze and 9 times out of 10 the routes they suggest are the same. 
I did the ini tweaks from that thread and it seems to help. Definitely increased my FPS in Windhelm, without changing any ingame settings.

Though I hope i'm not the only one that sees weird artifacts on some of the roofs in Windhelm. Concerned me at first, I was in this city when I watercooled my GPU and was afraid I had messed something up and it was overheating. Haven't seen these artifacts anywhere else in the game, so that put my mind at ease.
My wife's 2016 Mazda 3 has an interior that looks like [this](http://hanabi.autoweek.com/sites/default/files/styles/gen-1200-675/public/2016-mazda-3-sedan_13_lg.jpg?itok=UI_vGBJo). No Android Auto or Apple Carplay. And definitely not a standard DIN/Double DIN setup. It does have navigation built-in, though that's typically hit-or-miss. We just got her a phone mount for the vent right next to her steering wheel below the stock infotainment. Maybe one of these days Mazda will deliver the Carplay update they've been touting for about 2 years now.

Meanwhile, my 2017 Maxima does have Carplay built-in and it's great with the stock infotainment center. I wish it had Android Auto as well, especially since the 2018 model got it and I've heard all it takes is software, no special hardware. Then I could swap between Android and iPhone without too much worry.
I have a 7700k and 1080ti and have dips like this too, with the GPU sitting at about 50% utilization and not a single core maxed
You must not have worked in produce
Ya I had 300/300 in DFW a couple years ago, in a not very nice apartment even. 
Here’s what I was getting when I had centurylink gigabit 

http://www.speedtest.net/result/5885774753.png
Century link has gigabit in the Denver metro already. I’d prefer Google or municipal, but it was nice for the year I had it.

 And the reason I’d prefer the other 2 is the reason I got rid of it, they’re giving new customers something like $80/month and wouldn’t give me lower than $110/month after my first year. Spoke to several reps, both in store and on the phone, as well as their loyalty department and no one could do better. One rep tried to upsell me to a TV package for “only $150/month” and said that was the absolute best he could do otherwise I’d be paying $145 for just the gigabit. 
I’ll do more market research. Would you be interested in being part of a focus group?
There’s a faction in the Legion expansion for WoW called Dreamweavers. My wife had no idea what I was talking about when I said I just thought of the song every time I saw it. 
I ask paladins to lay their hands all over me
Well, time to bust out the kitchen knives!
I tried that and never got any tips :( Maybe I should try to also be a girl instead of a balding man?
I think it might be in Zimbabwe dollars
Doesn't stop me now
My old MSI 980Ti did it. My Gigabyte 1080Ti did it as well, though it doesn't anymore because I took the stock cooler off and put a Kraken G12 bracket and Kraken X62 AIO water cooler on it.

It was pretty nice, though. Always fun seeing which games you could play without the fans turning on.
"Ricer" isn't used as a term for a car driven by someone who is Asian anywhere that I've been. It's a term for a car, typically a Japanese 4-cylinder, that is modified to look fast rather than to be fast.
> Many gamers never turn off their PCs. For those, not only do the fans not get a break

To be fair about this part, a ton of recent 3rd party (MSI, Gigabyte, etc) cards have fans that will turn off under a certain temperature.
Easy to do if you breed. A single litter can be upwards of 10 babies. Then you just be like my wife and go “aw they’re all so cute, I want to keep all of them!”
They probably do. A lot of males will have trouble using their back legs when they get older, even if their legs still have strength in them (push against their feet and see if their legs push back). A couple of mine ended up just dragging their back feet around even though there was no major injury and they still had strength in them. Single story cages and it didn’t seem to affect them too much, they lived for a while after it developed. 
Yes
I said an iPhone X, not a Note 7!
What if I own a Nexus 6 but no longer use it because I have an iPhone X?
It’s interesting to scroll through the Netflix-made stuff and see how by some weird coincidence it’s all about a 90% match for my tastes according to Netflix’s algorithms
I only got the Mists one? The one you got alongside Diablo 3 when subscribing for a year
Well, after 50 you're at CP10, but I get where you're coming from. I just got to 50 a couple weeks ago and at least right now it's not so bad. It seems awful when you're towards the end of the 40s and you realize you have hundreds more levels like that, but mob kills give a lot more XP post-CP than they do pre, so the first bit of CP levels fly by. Closer to 160 was a bit more of a slog, but with enlightenment it was okay.
Perhaps, but how would I go about preventing it in the future? Another post says I get charged the full amount if I use either phone for a single day on a billing cycle, so it seems to me it’s never possible to not get double billed. 

Unless you just want to continue being rude and not try to help, them by all means continue what you’re doing. 
Because I work 12 hours a day 5 days a week, with an hour commute. So I returned it the next weekend when I had time, especially because I have to train the rep on how to do their job every time I do a JOD return.
They can add a credit to unofficially prorate it.

iCloud doesn't back up authenticators. I have a number of accounts with 2FA through Google Authenticator, which doesn't get transferred to a new phone. To transfer them you have to take 2FA off with the old phone then add it again with the new phone, takes 30-45 mins to do them all, more if I forget a password, and I'd rather not hang out in a loud, hot store while doing it.

edit: and yes, I can be more aware of when I do the upgrade in the future, but that's not something a customer should have to worry about like this.
It's a JOD, so it has to be returned in-store and can't be ordered online. They have wiped the remaining balance already, but the charges for both phones are still on this bill. And I can understand the caution of putting the charge on there in case I want to keep it (as well as their system doing it automatically) but I feel like I shouldn't be paying full price for 2 phones in a single month. Ideally I'd like them to either give me a credit for one of the charges or pro-rate both of them. If they want me to pay for the 8 Plus because I had it for the entire billing cycle, that's fair, but I only had the X for 4 days of the billing cycle. I should only be paying around $4 for the X, not $45.
It's a matter of not wanting one, I know I have the capability of having one :p if anything I think my wife has a twitter.
I don't have twitter, is their Facebook run by a similar group?
My wife’s birthday is about a month after Christmas. Then our anniversary is less than a week after that. Then it’s about 2 weeks to Valentines. I either spend way too much or I combine a couple (all if I’m feeling like sleeping on the couch)
I already watercooled my 1080ti. A combo of having to find room for another CLC radiator, limited SLI boosts, and starting to use too much of my PSU for my comfort makes me cautious about picking up another one. Maybe to replace the 980ti in my wife’s computer though 🤔
They didn’t say you’ll never need it. At the time the 770 ran out of computing power well before the vram was a limitation, that’s why the 4gb was typically recommended against. 
It was always fun having to explain that no, we didn't have an adapter to go from almost-but-not-quite-RCA straight out of the 50s directly to USB-C.
[Internal Light VR](https://www.humblebundle.com/store/internal-light-vr) is also on sale. No idea how it is, just noticed it's VR and doesn't indicate it with a Rift logo. Doesn't say it supports Vive, only Rift.
As [Say Anything](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxIRNGItvxY) said

>Simple as a hint of gas, climbing nostrils as you pass

>Making Harvard graduates feel childish when they laugh at it

I bought AC:O at full price and I care about Denuvo. I have over 1700 games on Steam, many of which I paid full price or close to it, and I care about Denuvo. Get off your high horse. 
That's the other one I was thinking of! Couldn't remember her name and "gorilla lady" came up with Dian Fossey on Google

Though Jane Goodall spent time with Chimpanzees, not Gorillas :/
Ben mentioned [Jane Austen](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jane_Austen) spending time with gorillas. Was he thinking of [Dian Fossey](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dian_Fossey) or [fictional Jane Porter?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jane_Porter_\(Tarzan\))
Lookout Mountain is good for sunrises. Probably not as good for sunsets, I’ve never checked
I found [this page](https://careq0093.formstack.com/forms/denver) but can't seem to find much else about this company. Is it associated with the mattress company Nest Bedding? That's the only thing that comes up when I google nest bedding.

The listing doesn't include any required skills or experience, is that accurate or simply an omission?
Royal Fern was added in 4.1 and only had one recipe using it, for the Wind-Up Shinryu minion. In 4.2, two additional minion recipes were added that both use Royal Fern, Byakko Cub and Private Moai.

At least, that's my partially educated guess, as I don't log in much anymore.
Thanks. It's because my wife had 2 hedgehogs while she was stationed in Japan before we met. It was going to cost about $2.5k each to bring them back to the US with her, so she gave them away and wanted to get more here. She asked me to choose a name, and I decided on Highlander, because there can only be one (and not the 2-3 that she wanted)
There's some places online that will 3d print stuff and send it to you. I ordered a prescription lens insert for my Oculus Rift like that through Thingiverse. Some local libraries also have publicly available 3d printers.
After about 6 months I was able to pet Highlander like that, he would even let me pet the bridge of his nose. I held him just about every day, I was unemployed at the time and would just put him in the shirt that I had worn the previous day and put him in my lap while I was playing on the PC or next to me as I laid on the couch watching TV.
https://imgur.com/a/ZiRQQ

Hello :)
> charge you with every possible crime they can

I'm no lawyer, but I was under the impression that police can arrest you for crimes, but it's up to the DA to actually charge you in court, and it's still at the discretion of the judge whether any of those charges are warranted.
Blizzard doesn’t do empty spaces well. Every place has to be special
Agreed, but at the same time if the only problem is that it’s just a mount other things can always be added. I can’t say I have any good ideas for what would make me keep up with dailies
I don’t think it’s a good example either, but I also wasn’t the one that brought them up. I’m just correcting the reasoning of why they had staying power. 
My wife and I ran into that a few years ago when we started to make too much to qualify for the savers credit
Storm Peak dailies were for the mount
Jeff Gerstmann was fired by Gamespot and then formed Giant Bomb. Giant Bomb was later bought by CBSi (who also own Gamespot). 

As they say in The Godfather, it’s not personal, strictly business. 
They also continued supporting and adding major features to the versions of Minecraft that were already out on other platforms pre acquisition. Microsoft plays the smart game, like Office on Mac. 
The 960 is only 7% faster than the 7950 according to userbenchmark :) but I don’t know how well the 3gb vram holds up these days, since using the 7950 I’ve had both the 980ti and 1080ti so I’m a bit spoiled on vram
What kind of card are you looking for? I have a 7950 laying around that I can sell you for a non-inflated price

edit: seems like they're going for around $125-170 on hardwareswap currently. If you're interested, it's a [Sapphire Dual-X](https://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16814202006) that wasn't ever used for mining, it's just gotten replaced over the years. It's roughly equivalent to a 1050Ti, userbenchmark says the 1050Ti is 2% faster. I'd let it go for $70 plus shipping, I'm in the Denver area if that's local for you to avoid shipping.
Don’t be silly, 5500 is a higher number than 560, your card is way better!
Companies buy reddit accounts with karma? There’s so many companies though, which ones? So I can avoid them of course
It gets really bad going on 70 over the mountains. 4 cylinders will have some real trouble with some of those inclines. I never take my wife’s 4 cylinder Mazda 3, we always take my 6 cylinder Maxima, much better. 

Also way more power when going down to sea level, wish it had a turbo or supercharger to be less affected by altitude. 
He’s quoting a Joe Walsh song
Every single supper? Seems like a waste to drive that daily
Yakuza Kiwami is good, but look up gameplay first to see if you might like it. Infamous is good, though a bit older now as it was a launch (or close) title. If you like Uncharted 4 be sure to pick up Lost Legacy. 
> A golf ball would probably not pass through a human.

At Mach 2.6 it might!
In addition, the other part of the joke is Marshawn "Beast Mode" Lynch, who, during Super Bowl Media Day 2015, answered every question with ["I'm just here so I won't get fined"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CU1BuC1672U), or a variation of it. He had been fined in the past for not talking to media, as well as [threatened with a $500k fine](http://www.espn.com/nfl/playoffs/2014/story/_/id/12237417/marshawn-lynch-seattle-seahawks-uses-same-answer-repetition-super-bowl-media-day-here-get-fined) if he didn't attend the media day.
I had that for $120/month. They lowered prices towards the end of my year term, putting it at ~70 for new customers and 100 for me. When my term was up I called multiple times and visited one of their retail locations, the best price they would give me was 130, higher than my previous rate.

Wish I could have kept it, but ended up going to Comcast, 250 down for $60/month. Contract for a year, price-locked for 2. 
Grid to 4 Holes, wompa to 2HO, wompa to TLR. Not too many guards that way.

Alternatively, from OA wompa to Bliss then run.
> icons on desktop lag more

What is this, 1997? Icons on desktops used to cause performance issues because of lack of VRAM. That shouldn't be an issue for anyone on this subreddit.
Cool, thanks!
Is that drive free? I couldn’t find anything saying one way or the other on their site
Not updated for iPhone X. The iBrow covers up the money display
Well there’s scalping too, but it’s not the primary motivation like with iPhones 
It typically has higher hash rates. On Nist5 specifically the Legacy miner uses a different mining program that gives about 10-15 MH/s more
I put nothing down for iPhone X on JoD less than 2 weeks ago. 
I was comparing them like for like. As in if someone lived in Springs, not if they were commuting. One of my coworkers lives in Springs and works in northern Denver, I wouldn’t do that. I already have 2+ hour commute some days just going from one side of Denver to the other, couldn’t imagine dealing with a longer one all the time. 
Ya I had one fail too, although it was on an 8800GT so not remotely close to recent!
I’m curious, does the NFL require the balls inflated to a certain psi in a temperature controlled area like a locker room? Wouldn’t it make more sense to require the balls inflated to a certain psi in conditions as close as possible to the ones the game will be played in? So if you know it’ll be really cold, inflate the balls while they’re outside and it won’t even be an issue?
What did you think?
Yakuza 0 is a prequel to the series, some might say it’s the best place to start. 
Ask him what it’s like working with James Franco
There will be expensive housing just about anywhere, but your housing dollar goes farther in the Springs than it does anywhere in the Denver/Boulder metros. I looked a couple weeks ago just for a reference (not making that drive and my wife’s career is tied to DIA) and there were quite a few single family homes 3-4 bedrooms in the 200-300k range. And they were in nice looking neighborhoods, not directly on Colfax m, or in the most polluted zip in the US, like a lot of similarly priced houses in Denver.
Seattle at least has plenty of affordable housing within a decent distance, places like Marysville, Arlington, Stanwood, etc. Denver stays expensive until you're in Wyoming/Kansas or in Springs. Remember that Seattle almost never gets snow/ice (the ocean has a moderating effect on temperatures), so driving from a place like Springs isn't nearly as bad.
I was an assistant manager of a produce department and putting the basil out on a shelf was fine for days, potentially up to a week, putting them in the refrigerated section and it’d be brown within hours. 
Probably the only thing that would help would be a RAMDisk
I stopped pretty early on as well. I watched the first couple episodes, of course I never miss a single Best Of, and then I watched this final episode. 
Papa Johns commercials
Awesome! Can you make Rubedite heavy chest armor rest Rubedo medium with Divines traits and Rubedite axe/dagger with Precise traits? Whatever style is okay, I was going to go for Ra Gada, but idk if that's rare or not.

I've got all the mats, still 8 levels away from using it, but gained 3 today already. It's all a matter of how long my enlightenment lasts!
Could be hirelings, basically free money there, no real reason not to have them. Or deconstructing gold-tier items. I deconstruct just about everything unless I need to research the trait or it's ornate.

Also are you on PC NA? I need some stuff crafted!
Different manufacturers is fine
I thought everyone knew that Al Gore invented the internet 
Fantastic movie. Supposedly a tv series was going to be started based on the movie with Henry Rollins in it. But I read about that a few years ago and it doesn’t seem to have taken off. 
I didn’t see an article on their site
I have a PS4 Pro. I was hoping DigitalFoundry had done something for the betas, to see some numbers on the graphics/framerate/resolution options.
It looks really good. The question for me, though, is do I get it on PS4 next week or wait until the end of the year to get it on the superior platform, PC?
Like The Grand Tours holiday sweaters with car names on them 

https://m.imgur.com/gallery/ExrTv
To clarify, it’s $32 with Prime or GCU ($40-20%, aka $8). But with GCU if you put it in your cart for shipping it’ll ask if you want to pick it up instore and take another dollar off. 
The memes are sometimes okay
>I was thinking of doing watercooling using a mount like the Kraken G12 from NZXT but this would not cool the memory

https://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B01GE7Q060/

That's what I stuck on mine. I haven't measured temps on the VRAM/VRMs, but seems to be doing fine.
> Everyone here sucks at driving.

LOL. You should never, ever, go to either Dallas or anywhere in Florida. I've lived in both and now live in Denver, and the drivers here are professionals in comparison.
Ya I use Afterburner. Theoretically with the G12 you don’t need heat sinks, it comes with a fan to cool those components but they’re fairly cheap so it’s worth it just for the peace of mind. I imagine a 120 or 140 AIO would also provide fine cooling but couldn’t find anyone comparing the different sizes so I just went with a 280, largest I could fit in my Phanteks Enthoo Pro M. A 360 can fit in the top but my CPU cooler is a bequiet Dark Rock Pro 3 and that thing is a monster
https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/7qlral/blizzardcs_is_on_point_with_their_meme_game/dsqsdca/.compact?context=3

I’m glad people are paying attention to someone saying it at least!
I have the [Gigabyte Aorus, non-water and non-extreme](https://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16814125954). That cooler was terrible, regularly maxing out above 80c, even though I've got tons of airflow in my case (added a bunch of bequiet PureWings).

Ripped that sucker off and put on a Kraken G12 bracket, some heatsinks on the VRAM and VRMs and a Kraken X62. Highest temp I've seen since is 55c, which was when I did +120 core, +500 mem and maxed the power limit. Without the power limit change it only hits 50-51c, even after multiple days straight at 100% load. GPU Boost 3 regularly puts clocks around 1950-2000Mhz on core due to the thermal headroom, it's fantastic. Highly recommended.
Heck, I was mining on my 1080ti (watercooled so no need to worry about temps) and was getting $6-7/day after the BTC crash yesterday. Before that it was in the range of $10-14/day mining Nist5 on Nicehash Legacy Miner.
Guten Tag
> Like how cars names have "GT", but nowhere does the manufacturer it spell out "Grand Touring".

Mazda does spell it out for their [trim levels](https://www.mazdausa.com/vehicles/mazda6/trims)
They still do. GT is anything below the 1050, like the GT 1030. 1050 and above is GTX.
Also great: if you try to sell an item using the app, it tells you to use the app to confirm it.
Or putting items on the marketplace?
Depending on when this was taken, his tags appear to be expired. 
The Xterra is an SUV though
> Edit: Ben Affleck, not Brad Pitt. Meh, all you blonde pretty boys look the same to me. Also, I'm now offering odds on Brad Pitt being named soon.

As they say, [you white then you Ben Affleck](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fI_XkZkdaq4)
Brad Pitt has been blonde in the past, but his hair is naturally brown, so maybe he meant brown haired
> Imo, damn near any dude can get compliments from a woman.

Speak for yourself, brother
The Equifax breach leaked tons of SSNs and Tax IDs for not only Americans but also citizens of countries like the U.K.  US carriers will use SSNs as the sole authorization factor. Once they are receiving your texts they can use SMS verification to gain access to your email and then use your email and SMS and SSN to gain access to your bank accounts. The methods I’m talking about have nothing to do with leaking your own info, all they need is your phone number and name (both public) and your SSN (public too thanks to Equifax). 

http://www.9news.com/mobile/article/news/local/next/thieves-are-stealing-your-cell-phone-number-to-take-your-money/501613690

There’s another article saying exactly what I’m saying. It is not a non-existent issue, it’s happening continuously more frequently. This has nothing to do with your individual device. I don’t know how much clearer I can make this, and again if you choose to ignore it I hope it never happens to you, but this is very real. 
What? There’s this thing called a SIM card swap. You call in to your carrier and say “hey I got a new phone, here’s the SIM number” and they swap your line to the new SIM card. The SIM number is available in the About section in your phone’s settings. They can easily do this because most carriers will accept your SSN as verification and SSNs have been leaked all over the place. They then effectively have your phone number and get all of your texts and calls. 

Since it’s clear you think I’m just being paranoid, here’s an article about it (pre-Equifax news so they don’t mention that)

https://www.digitaltrends.com/mobile/sim-swap-fraud-explained/

Look, I sincerely hope you are never a victim of this type of thing, but I take the route of being as prepared as possible. I’m sure if someone wants into my accounts enough they’ll find a way, but if I make it inconvenient for them they’re more likely to just move on to the next person. I don’t think I’m being targeted or anything crazy like that, but this is the reality of the post Equifax breach world we live in. 
He couldn’t take control of the Authenticator apps on your phone, because it’s tied to your specific phone, not your phone number. 

You guys can have bad security if you want, I guess. More power to you. 
It’s not about just your wow account. SMS verification is an awful security measure and shouldn’t be encouraged anywhere. 
[The most recent Lytebringr video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4PvTqV2hYw). The solution he has starting around 12 minutes in is especially insane.
You can emulate an android phone on your computer and install the authenticator that way.
The keychain authenticator's battery is rated to last 7 years. My wife has one from 2010 Blizzcon and it's still going fine.
And then when someone social engineers their way to getting a SIM swap with your carrier, they can easily get all of your text messages. I don't have my phone number set as a backup for anything, including my Gmail and banking accounts.
It's really obnoxious for people who want to get Herald of the Titans, assuming that's still possible after this change.
> Wasn't Rain of Fire in its horrible "cast time" style in WoD? I hated that. Much prefer it actually being the AoE damage, tbh.

Rain of Fire, at least in early WoD, got the ember generation taken away and damage reduced to the point where it not only wasn't ever worth casting, it was the lowest damage per mana spent spell in the game.
Dan’s entire life is one big vacation
Yes
I haven’t had any crashes on legacy. On a single 1080ti I’m usually averaging 0.0008-0.0009 BTC/day, or about $10.90-12.30/day. Sometimes a bit higher or a bit lower, as we all know, but averaged over longer periods of time that’s where it ends up. 
On my 1080ti i get about $10-14/day and the electricity costs me about 60 cents per day at most. 
Thanks! I actually ended up finding a calculator hosted on Google Docs. Combined with Tamriel Trade Centre, I managed to get everything I needed. Spent almost all of my gold doing it. Then I realized that I had shoulders set to light armor, and I wanted medium. So I have 130 Ancestor Silk that I don't need and I'm short 110 Rubedo Leather. Oh well, I have 79 more Champion Levels before it's necessary ;)
Is there a calculator for that? I don't know the recipes ingame so I can't look at it, and I can't seem to find required mats anywhere online. It'd be nice to be able to start gathering materials now, while I'm still around CP80.

I could just tell you guys which weight I'm going for, but I'd like to be able to help myself in the future.
> plus they'd probably add "This is not a mistake broadcast".

And then an hour later "Sorry, guys, that was supposed to be an internal test of a real missile. Our bad!"
How do I tell what materials the armor will need? For instance the beginner build Alcast recommends has Hunding's and Night Mother's Gaze, but I can't seem to find an actual list of materials anywhere for either set.
The other poster didn't really explain it, but Animalia is the Kingdom, while Insecta/Mammalia are Classes, which are below Kingdom and Phylum. So both insects and mammals belong to the Animal Kingdom.
It's the source of the name for the neighbors in Fairly Oddparents. [Dinkleberg!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-8kphJzz9hg)
It's typically a 5Ghz SSID and 2x 2.4Ghz SSIDs. On some routers that do "smart switching" it'll still show the 5Ghz and 2.4Ghz SSIDs even though it should only show a single one (you'd connect to the single one and then the router would detect if you needed 2.4 or 5 depending on your device and signal strength)
Also the black watch isn't displaying a clockface. Literally unviewable.
[Keanu Reeves, immortal](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1e/Keanu_Reeves_2014.jpg)
Getting anywhere from 0.0006 to 0.001 BTC/day using Nist5 as the marketplace fluctuates
No
I went to one that did offer the free copy and still didn't get one.
You'd need to be, to have that many kids
[This site has some other WoW locations in VR.](http://vrgameworlds.blogspot.com.au/?m=1) I haven't tried any myself, but [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oELSpiInyHE) is a video of the Mulgore/Thunderbluff program. It's not a social experience like VRChat, though.
>Of the 79.16% of players that have a dateLastPlayed that is older than 2018-01-03, 5,805 accounts have no dateLastPlayed, meaning, the game was purchased, and installed, but never played.

Is it possible to break that number down by platform? I bet a fair number of them are on PC and just got the game from the nvidia promotion.
It’s the Amazon X-ray feature and is done for every tv show and movie. Shows trivia about the current scene, music credits, as well as actors in the current scene. Not available on the Roku app though :(
The woman that helped ended up getting a replacement car from Vauxhall 
They did start in the city
Top tier internet for $39? As in 2 gigabit? Cause sign me up if so!
What kind of ASICs did you get? AntMiner is the one I usually see, but it seems like they're out of stock about 80% of the time.
Although the Northern hemisphere is currently in winter, so cards putting out heat might be beneficial as it can help warm it's surroundings. I find that having my 1080Ti and my wife's 980Ti mining means our central heat almost never turns on, even when it's below freezing outside.
That didn't work for me. I disabled it in the properties for my ethernet port. Should I have disabled it on my router or is there a setting that I'm missing in the program?
The track is in Colorado, naturally. 

The only one I know of around that area would be the one at Roberts Racing in Grand Junction. I don’t think the Motor Speedway has a dirt track, though I could be wrong. 
Soldered. 

And you should look up hardware acceleration before talking about things you don’t know about. 
I double checked my bank when this stuff started popping up and to get a password reset you need the member ID number. If you claim to have forgotten that you need stuff like account numbers or credit/debit card numbers. 

Still made sure our phone numbers weren’t used for email recovery on both mine and my wife’s accounts. 
I only go to Dr Spaceman
I like the idea, not fond of the implementation. They end up everywhere and block the sidewalk. At least that’s what I’ve seen around Buckley/Airport Blvd
My legacy hasn’t shown USD value since I installed it early this week
I looked into the waterblocks but it would have been about $400-500 instead of the $180ish I did spend. And I got the 280mm version, so it’s stable at 50C at full load, even 18 hours in. 
I did try limiting it to just 1-2 algorithms and it made no difference so I ended up just turning them back on
I put a Kraken X62 on mine, way better than the stock air cooler
Great cards, pretty awful cooler. I heard the Extreme has a slightly better cooler, but the one that came with mine was really disappointing especially for how massive it was. 
I’ve found that Nist5 on Nicehash Legacy Miner is my current best option. Estimated and earned are about the same, anywhere from $9-12/day, currently averaging a little over $11/day actually earned. Whattomine shows $9/day on GoByte as the best right now for my 1080ti. 

I’m planning on hitting 0.01BTC to external wallet with NH, as that’s the point where it gets paid out. Should take about 10 days at this rate. Then I’ll switch to internal wallet since they added the free Coinbase transfer and that’s what my external mining wallet is anyways
I let everything stay on but it was mostly Lyra2RE2 and Equihash. Disabled Blake2s as I had about a 95% reject rate on those shares. I autoconvert to Litecoin, but that only takes a couple %, not the 40-50% I was missing. 

I also mined there for a couple weeks, and it was consistently less than the estimated payout which shouldn’t be the case. 
I found that MPM with MPH was only paying me about half of what it claimed I should be making, while Nicehash estimates around the same claim and actually pays me that. 
Coinbase and GDAX are the same and GDAX has lower fees. Transfer it free to Coinbase, then free to GDAX then withdraw. 
They’re repaying that money. Announcement by the end of this month on how they’re going to do it. 
I’m getting around $9-11 per day with my 1080ti mining Nist5 on the Nicehash legacy miner. Going to get to 0.01BTC which should take about 2 weeks then switch to a Nicehash wallet which has a lower payout threshold. They added no-fee transfers to Coinbase from Nicehash wallets and that’s the wallet I’m mining to anyways. 
Duke Nukem Forever has patches weekly?
Aorus 1080Ti 91.75MH/s according to site. Not currently at home so I can only look at the worker stats. 

edit: looks like it was most likely a few lucky results, when I got home it was more around 84-85. Wanted to see how high I could get it, so I did 150% power, +120 core and +500 mem, was around 95.8MH/s, temps at 55C (watercooled)
Makes me feel good about my 50C temps on 1080ti! The Kraken X62+1080ti combo is a thing of beauty. 
World’s Greatest Dad is on my list
They said it won’t be retroactive 
Hopefully people don’t miss the F3 button!
I’m glad I bought in June/July. My 1080ti was $650ish. 
If there isn’t a trash can handy, what do you do, ya litterbug?
Be sure to use a good, high quality [Butt Rub](https://smile.amazon.com/Bad-Byrons-Butt-26-oz/dp/B00258I5PM?sa-no-redirect=1&th=1)
The physical size is important when it comes to PPI, as it's Pixels Per Inch. And PPI is important when it comes to the screen-door effect. You can see the SDE in the screenshot pjb posted above, it's the space inbetween the pixels, and it's definitely noticeable in both the Vive and Rift. A higher PPI will help to lessen that effect.
There's also the [Asus PB278Q](https://smile.amazon.com/ASUS-PB278Q-2560x1440-DisplayPort-Monitor/dp/B009C3M7H0/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1515458106&sr=8-1&keywords=pb278q) for $362. It's the monitor I use and looks good.

I've never used it but there's also the [BenQ GW2765HT](https://smile.amazon.com/dp/B00KYCSRSG/) with some excellent reviews for $296.

As for HDR, especially in that price-range, it seems unlikely to happen, but I'd love to be wrong about that.
CES is currently going on, where quite a few monitors typically get announced. Now, how long after announcement until they come out is a completely different matter. For instance, the Acer X35 and Asus PG35VQ were both announced around August and still aren't available.

If you can hold out for a couple months, I personally would.
> I don't want porn with my cooking videos, so no to Vimeo.

Especially not if they're cooking something like bacon. That sounds painful.
Assuming the lenses are still the same size (9.19cm or ~3.618 inches) then the Vive Pro would have a PPI of approx 595. So it still might not be as sharp as that Samsung panel, unfortunately.

Using [this calculator](https://www.sven.de/dpi/) with 3.61811 inch diagonal size (current Vive lens size) and 1440 horizontal/1600 vertical (2880x1600 combined resolution, cut the x value in half for 1440)
I have prescription glasses (as well as prescription lenses and an insert specially made for my Rift) and it's still difficult to read some of the text in VR games. That's with a 1080ti doing 2x supersampling through Oculus Tray Tool.
We have a few intersections with red light cameras. Thankfully they don’t seem to check for speeding, I’ve definitely sped through a couple of them. 
That one is a bit too far out of the way, I was going to Dallas. I can’t recall the actual name, though, it was about 5 years ago and literally the only reason I stopped was because of getting pulled over. 

Seems like a bit of a problem in LA. I’ve driven across most of the US, Seattle to Portland, to Reno, Salt Lake City, St Louis, Birmingham, Pensacola, Tampa, Dallas, Houston. Also from Dallas to Denver and Denver up through SLC back to Portland and back to Denver again. I made the 12 hour each way drive between Dallas and Denver multiple times (and I’ll be doing it again next month). These trips all took me through small towns like the ones in Louisiana, but Louisiana is the only place I noticed this kind of behavior. I hope they did crack down, as it made me not want to return and that’s a shame, there’s some beautiful places down there and tons of history. 
> As far as I know we don't have these in North America, but we do sometimes get cops who wait in these transition zones and pull people over for accelerating slightly early or slowing down slightly late.

I don't know about stationary speed cameras, but Denver has "photo speed vans" which are vans that sit on the side of the road and use radar to check your speed, then take a picture of your plates and send a ticket in the mail to the registered address. They are required to put up a sign that reads "PHOTO RADAR IN USE AHEAD" at least 300 feet in advance, though.

For the 2nd point, that's the only time I've gotten a speeding ticket, or even been pulled over. I was driving from Florida to Texas and there's a small town in Louisiana where the speed limit goes from 60 to 45. I was slowing down, because it doesn't give you much room, passed the 45 sign going 49, while still continuing to slow down, and got pulled over. $250 ticket, too.
If it helps, I have the modern Nissan 3.5L V6 in my Maxima. It’s 300 HP and not turbo’d. 
The left and right corners. They’re the green M stickers
I’ve been seeing them pop up in Aurora, CO as well. Had no idea what they were all about until this post as they look almost identical. I take it there’s some app that you use to pay and presumably unlock some mechanism on the bike? When I first saw them I thought it was some city initiative to get people to exercise more, they’re not exactly advertised. 
What they should have done was have Tippr give each person a wallet address. Then they could deposit a couple dollars into the Tippr wallet and tip from that rather than giving access to their main wallet. 
To be fair, the Wikipedia page for the diesel emissions scandal does say

>The scandal raised awareness over the higher levels of pollution being emitted by all vehicles built by a wide range of car makers, which under real world driving conditions are prone to exceed legal emission limits. A study conducted by ICCT and the German car club ADAC showed the biggest deviations from Volvo, Renault, Jeep, Hyundai, Citroën and Fiat
And the name is a play on words. Waze > ways
For net neutrality, sure. In Fort Collins itself, no. 

https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2018/01/colorado-city-to-build-fiber-broadband-network-with-net-neutrality/
Don’t forget about transplants 
Volkswagen would be a better example
That’s why I mentioned a game that doesn’t really require aiming. A controller feels better when the game is focused more around melee. 

Also it’s not like you were playing a native PC game, so there could have also been issues with the emulator. 
I don’t know how much you can influence, but the underlying issue has been brought up quite a bit recently on this subreddit and that’s reps allowing ports without correctly verifying that it’s the owner of the account. Especially with things like the Equifax breach, SSN is an awful passcode but it seems that many reps will still accept it even after its supposedly been taken off of every password field. I don’t want to feel like I have to check my account all the time to make sure there’s no fraudulent activity going on. 
Colorado has it in 3 towns, one of which is unincorporated and had a population of 58 as of the last census. All 3 towns combined have a population of around 1k people, in a state with a population of 5.5 million. 
As my role model, Sammy Hagar, once said, I can’t drive 55
It was legal last year to pump your own gas in counties under 40k between certain night time hours in Oregon. I know, I almost got stuck in the middle of nowhere in the mountains because no stations were open at 3-4AM
The only one I had to go inside and ask (and I’m from Washington so I knew how to pump gas) was one of the older pumps where after you take the nozzle you have to flip the nozzle holder up for it to actually start. 
Controllers have their place for things like racing games and a few 3rd person action games like Shadow of War
Theoretically they probably could support it. But they don’t. 
Also almost every airline flies out of DFW while Love is practically only Southwest
Did you also spend extra on a high refresh rate and 3D enabled monitor? Cause he did

And sure, I have a controller for my PC too and a Steam Link to hook it up to the 4k tv. VR has its own area though I rarely use it these days, nothing has made me want to use it for hours at a time. It doesn’t help that it’s pretty awful with my far from perfect eyes, even with the prescription lenses in a custom insert. 
He could have saved a little on ram, even DDR4-3000 can be had in that configuration for $175. 

The H100i is a fine cooler that won’t make a huge difference over air on modern Intel chips. I have a 7700k and stuck a liquid cooler on it and still got awful temps. I then put a 250W-rated cooler on it, the Dark Rock Pro 3, and my temps were practically the same. The TIM in the IHS is a major problem. I mostly fixed my temps by undervolting, but I have a feeling he won’t feel comfortable adjusting voltages. 

He could have gotten a Seasonic Focus Gold PSU for cheaper than the Corsair he got.

And even worse, B&H has the M.2 NVME 500gb 960 Evo for $220, less than he paid for the SATA. 

Just for funsies I did an equivalent list for less than $800

https://pcpartpicker.com/list/HDLgYr

$1800 including the parts he got free

https://pcpartpicker.com/list/mmtFwV

Edit: I guess it’s true what they say about people in glass houses, as I put together my current build without monitor or peripherals. Some of the prices are wrong, a few higher a few lower but it’s probably a good ballpark

https://pcpartpicker.com/list/hmXzm8

Yes there’s 2 CPU coolers. The X62 is on the gpu. 
Oh hi Mark 
If you need more confidence go get a cheap prebuilt from Best Buy, Walmart, or Microcenter. I found a few on Microcenter’s site around $100. Then take them apart and put them back together. Experience breeds confidence and if you mess up being out $100 is better than being out $500+

Also some of them come with Windows 10 licenses, which are usually $100 by themselves. 
At least it’s high refresh. Save money not getting gsync. He also said he’s going to be doing most of his PC gaming on his tv. 🤔
He got a 7700k, motherboard, and 1080 all for free?
Well there is something like 6 quintillion gallons of water in the crust (https://www.nature.com/articles/ngeo2590) which if brought up would raise sea levels ~600 feet. The problem would be what mechanism would cause that all to come rushing to the surface to flood the world and also not just filter right back down to the now empty reservoirs and porous rock. 
That’s what she said?
That would make sense, MMOs have generally always been CPU-bound, but my CPU wasn't even approaching 100% load. I checked and even individual cores/threads were only hitting around 50-60%.
I run windowed, but tried fullscreen. It gave me about 2 FPS more
I'm waiting for some good HDR Gsync displays before upgrading. And a card that can handle max settings at 4k. Maybe in a year or 2.
Nah, I have the Asus PB278Q. Bought it a couple years back, Gsync and even high refresh rate weren't too big back then so I went more towards a good picture and this was one of the most recommended (especially for it's ~$300 price)
The mileage makes a huge difference. I know when I was living in DFW if you drove the car less than a certain mileage (maybe 50 miles a day? I can't recall off-hand) the premiums became super cheap.

I'm in my mid 20s (past 25) and my 2017 Maxima's premiums are around $100/month, but part of that is multi-car and multi-plan discounts.
Gym managers can afford GTRs? I'm in the wrong business.
Same settings? Not that it matters much, I tried turning AA up even more (SSAA x4 and CMAA, then manually turning on MSAAx8) and it stayed at the same FPS, hovering between 29-31. No vsync, and the window was active (it drops to 30 when it's in the "background"). I tried turning AA off as well and had the same results.

edit: turned off all addons. Same result.
I tried turning AA off and up more, both just left me around the same FPS. Vsync was turned off, so triple buffering wouldn't have applied.
I still want to eventually delid it, once I can find a decent tool in-stock, but the voltage changes helped a ton.
I'm on 2560x1440, every setting maxed with AA at MSAAx4. 7700k, 1080Ti, 16GB DDR4-3000, and a PNY CS2211 SSD, I'm currently hovering over Suramar City directly SW of the inner circle building and sitting at about 30 FPS. Everywhere else, including Dalaran, I get 70+.

Although changing the AA to SSAA x4 and CMAA combined still puts me at the same FPS numbers. I hate these kinds of situations, though, as it's not obvious what the bottleneck is. My GPU isn't running at 100%, and not a single core of my CPU is running at 100%, so it appears that neither of them are holding me back. And I'm just sitting in one spot, so RAM/SSD shouldn't be a bottleneck either.
Sorry, I meant the data sheet, which lists typical voltages. That combined with what my motherboard listed as default lowered some voltages from 1.2v to 1v and lowered load temps from mid to high 70s to low 60s. 
Mine doesn't get quite that bad, but before changing voltage settings from auto to what Intel's whitepaper says, my 7700k got quite toasty even with a bequiet! Dark Rock Pro 3, which is an enormous cooler that's rated to 250W TDP.
Biology class, too
And nothing of value was lost ;)
As a bit of a workaround you can tie your iTunes to MoviesAnywhere and a lot of movies will transfer over. There's a few that won't. MoviesAnywhere has a channel on Roku.
Ya, Roku seems like the best choice currently. I just bought a Premiere+ a couple days ago for ~$55. Does 4k HDR, has Amazon Video (so does my Sony TV, but it's absolute crap), YouTube, even Disney's new MoviesAnywhere. Got the remote with the headphone jack and that's such a useful feature I kinda wish there was a Roku with HDMI passthrough so you could use the headphone remote with other devices.
> we still have the occasional Smash night

If I didn't know what Super Smash Bros was, this would sound very different.
Depends on your definition of "fine". I went from a 2500k to a 7700k and minimum framerates and framerate stability in general are vastly improved.
Which complex is that? Wind Creek? I live close near there and while my neighbors are fucking awful, there isn't actually a lot of crime that I've seen.
Talking about great ways to ring in the new year, New Year's Eve 2016 I was at my father-in-law's house, grilling some stuff on the patio around 9-10PM. Look out a couple minutes into grilling and someone's house is on fire up on a hill a couple miles away.
> That whole area of Aurora is low income. I've lived there. I know.

I live in that area now, and you're wrong.
It's better than owing money!
KNACK 2 BEST GAME OF ALL TIME
As much as I wanted Horizon to even be mentioned for more than a passing second, it really wasn’t represented on anyone’s list except Rorie
I have a Aorus 1080Ti non-extreme, though I put a Kraken X62 on it. All but 1-2 of my benchmarks results were higher than the configured. It's not overclocked or undervolted at all, completely stock with just the Kraken on it, and I'm currently doing 710H/s on Equihash. Temp at 48C
Yakuza Kiwami is around $12 with GCU at Best Buy and I keep looking at it thinking I should get it then looking at my 1600 game backlog and the part where I haven’t played a Yakuza game since 3 about 6-7 years ago. Aw what the heck, I’m gonna go buy it right now. 
Dan was so good. He’s just so cohesive. I had a lot of fun. 
His thought process is that if he mines that coin now while it's not worth a lot so the difficulty is low and he can get a decent amount of it, maybe it'll take off and the chunk he mined when it was worth nothing will skyrocket.

u/marinuss if that's your plan you're better off finding a miner and specifically mining that coin. Pretty much the entire purpose of MPM is to mine what's most profitable now, not to mine something that may or may not be profitable later.
I know there's a stigma, but Granite Falls has some decent prices for housing and the commute really isn't that bad, SR92 rarely has a ton of traffic. Somewhere between Arlington, Marysville, and Stanwood would also be good, just have to put up with the smell of manure every so often. Good swimming spot on Pilchuck Creek out on Stanwood Bryant Road, too. At least it was the last time I was there 15 years ago.
There's a few nice places on the west side of I-5, though quite pricey.
Having the same problem. Was working fine last night and even this morning. Have tried updating to the newest version, running the Updater Powershell file, changing region from US to EU and Europe. Still telling me there's no pools available and that MPM is out of date.

edit: Tried running a completely unmodified instance directly from github, same problem. However, when I activated my VPN it now works.
Knack 2 got robbed!
Another question, is there a way to check if the video I’m watching is actually in 4k? Watching through the apps on my tv I can press the display button on the remote and it will tell me. Now it just tells me the Roku is sending a 4k signal but not what the video is playing in.

Somehow signing in through the UK Amazon still let me watch The Grand Tour, though I’d still prefer using my regular US account, but the page says HD and I know this show is available in UHD. 
> so they choose to cover lobby shooters instead. 

Are you thinking of MMORPG.com? They have a list of the "best MMOs of 2017" that includes PUBG, Path of Exile, Fortnite, and Destiny 2.
I used a Thermaltake Toughpower from like 2005 to 2013 or 2014. Only reason I replaced it was because the fan was making noises and I wanted my PC to be as quiet as possible.
> There's a reason why one of the reviewers of Jonnyguru went to work for Corsair.

"One of the reviewers" being the man himself, Jon "JonnyGURU" Gerow
Still waiting for a sale on the PC version, even if it is broken. I’m just about to cave and just get the PS4 version
What is Firewatch?
Things like Google Authenticator don’t require an internet connection to generate a code. Look at Blizzards older physical authenticators. They were little keychain devices, literally a button and a screen. You’d put a couple codes in to your account from the device to link it, the device doesn’t even have the capability of connecting to the internet. 
I only played that game for achievements. Those were dark days
Wasn’t Alex’s ASMR that year too?
On an unrelated note, I heard on the radio today that Taco Bell has finally opened up wedding registrations. I’m not sure if that just happened or if (much more likely) the radio hosts are out of date. They didn’t mention Dan :(
I changed it anyways to use the same wording as Brad used for the base game during the Bombcast within a couple weeks of launch. I didn’t consider that part to be too much of a spoiler, but it’s such a great story in my opinion that I’ll try to let people experience as much of it fresh as possible.
To add a bit, I've watched quite a bit of Rocket League, including some world championships this last summer, and Steam says I've played 5 hours. I still have a ton of trouble with air maneuvers as well as some issues with timing (going to hit the ball and not lining up with where it's going to be when I reach it). [Here's a video of some highlights.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ll_gxxRMaS8) Especially impressive, at least to me, is around the 2 minute mark, Kronovi's goal. The precision especially while in the air is tough without a ton of time in the game.
Ah, that's farther up the chain than I checked. Also most of the time when I have a discussion like this on reddit I end up hating the other person. With you that's not the case, so I'd say your comments were fine. Having two sides helps really boil down where any kind of issues arise. We all love GiantBomb, but there's no need for an echo chamber, so keep on keepin on duder.

Like BlueHighwindz says in that same comment, previous years seemed to have more cohesive arguments. The worst examples this year being the entirety of Best World or portions of Best Graphics where they eliminate Forza because of being iterative and then give the award to Destiny 2. One thing that has definitely changed this year is that there's more people, and as you said there's more good games. Those two things combine into fewer people finishing each game, so we end up with everybody going for Cuphead, which is fairly short, PUBG and Destiny 2, which they all played together on streams.

I agree with the posters above that, especially with how many people are in the deliberations now, something should change for next year to tighten the focus a bit. This year is a bit disjointed and kind of all over the place in regards to their arguments for or against games. Some games are getting cut for things that the winner is also guilty of. Having a more concise list beforehand with a bit of pre-pruning for things like "this didn't come out this year" or similar would keep things moving and provide more time for more substantial debates.
I absolutely get where you're coming from, that part bothered me a lot. I guess that part was so bad I actually forgot about it completely, I was just thinking about the part where Sylens puts Hades in a new body. The DLC gives more backstory to Sylens, though still leaves a few mysteries.

It doesn't really explain how Hades somehow survived the kill-switch, and that really bothered me when I played through it as well.

I think you'll really like the DLC, towards the end there's an exposition dump for a decent chunk of time and it helps piece together some stuff.
Reducing things like that would make anything sound silly. Sure, in the grand scheme of things changing GiantBomb's GOTY process means jack, but that doesn't mean it isn't worthwhile to look into. A lot of the comments for today and yesterday are about how unsatisfied people are with how the "debates" are proceeding. That may be represented by them expressing frustration with the choices or how/why certain games got cut, it could be people like above who are more critical of the process itself.

Maybe I'm missing it, but can you point to me where u/Momentum-7 says things have changed? It looks to me like he's making suggestions on how things could change.
> Horizon is a far-cry open world game that they bounced off of.

Jeff gave it a 5/5. Earlier in the year they were all raving about how great the game was. Now it seems like Horizon took their moms on a nice date and then didn't call her ever again.
Arguing that things have always been this way isn't a good point against things changing. The world is built on progress.
> (minus the post credit stinger which was lame but excusable)

If you're talking about the non-Aloy part, it was lame in the context of just the base game, but at least starts to make more sense with the context of the DLC, especially if you play the DLC just before the last base-game mission, to unlock as much dialog as possible.
Depends on the job. The job I’m at now we don’t have day to day customers so we all go to lunch at the same time and it’s not a problem. In a job like at a grocery store where you need to maintain coverage and have people available to assist customers we absolutely had to let someone know we were going to lunch, even the managers told the regular workers. 
Are those temperatures consistent for most materials? For instance when the heating coils on my stove turn red are they around 500 Celsius?
We had a guy a couple months back that would tell us he was going to “send a fax to the devil” when he’d go to the bathroom, so now I say it too. 
Well, Big Al says dogs can’t look up
I haven’t played that version, one downside of having 1700 games on steam is paralysis of choice. I have played the demo before though. I enjoyed the game, but not enough to spend what they’re asking. Maybe when it hits the $10-15 range or is included in a humble monthly/bundle. 
I’m going purely on what the videos and that map say, I only own the recent Christmas version of the game that only includes Paris. 
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=0xUrzzRWmNY

To hear it in song form
If you’re a mage, portal roulette. Cast a bunch of portals all on top of each other. Include old dalaran for the fall. 

If you’re a priest use leap of faith on members running and place them in front of a cliff. 
This is how fight clubs are started!

Or in this case maybe flight clubs?
If I'm looking at the one you're thinking of, that's technically an Old Axe.
Good lookin out. My SanDisk SSD had a firmware update in 2012. I should probably get on that.
Ya, but combat axe isn't an item in the game, so they settled on battle axe. Then they couldn't find the location of a battle axe so settled on the hatchet.
I’m not quite done with watching but they couldn’t seem to find the battle axe with google so I decided to look it up. There is a battle axe on the Sapienza map but it’s very well hidden. 

http://hitmanmaps.com/sapienza

I’m assuming that’s the map Jeff was using. The battle axe is on level 6, lower left. It’s inside a coffin in the tomb. YouTuber Forthe Seven has a video showing how to get it. 
I played a couple hours of Horizon and then dropped it to play Zelda. Spent probably 50 hours playing Zelda and loved it. Picked Horizon back up about 5 months later and beat it. I can’t imagine going back to Zelda, even without playing the DLC I got enough of that world. With Horizon I put more time into the DLC and still want to go back. 
I get the impression that Abby either didn’t play or really didn’t like Horizon, so I was not at all surprised it wasn’t on her list
> Every year they talk about "well if we had a 'vest visuals: technical' category this might win it." Maybe it's time to actually have that category.

But if they add that category they won't have room for "Best Wolfenstein 2 Moment"!
Maybe it's coming to Vita
Having some experience with wealthy white women, I thought being offended was your default state.
Oh boy. I was also a janitor for a bit, and if you think men are disgusting, don't ever clean a women's public restroom. The men's room usually looks downright spotless in comparison.
Invest in Mars Steel Corporation!
From what it sounds like (not living in the area myself), the city is mostly shut down. They've declared a "snow emergency", most side roads are either completely unplowed or only 1 lane, and the article says crews are out but it's basically a full-time job just trying to keep major roadways mostly clear. Officials are saying that the roads are dangerous and impassable and that people should stay home. As for how businesses are handling that, though..
Even ignoring this, produce isn't behind any sort of protective barrier, and people are disgusting and like to touch everything.

Signed, someone who worked in produce for 3 years.
Even over here in Denver we've only had a couple inches this season. The resorts have seen a bit, but it's been a pretty disappointing year so far.
> It sucks, but I have never seen snow like this before! How do you guys manage this?

Well it's not like it's a regular occurrence. This is [a record](https://weather.com/storms/winter/news/2017-12-26-erie-pennsylvania-record-snowstorm-christmas). If you're too lazy to read the article, the next highest snowfall for the area in a single day was 20 inches, way back in 1956. For a two-day period the next highest was 26 inches in 1950. Three-day, 30 inches in 2002. Seven-day, 39 inches in the last week of 2001/first week of 2002. It even beat the 13-day snowfall record, which was previously 52.8 inches in between '98-'99.

Even ignoring this current event, the monthly record for snow was previously 66.9 inches in December 1989. This month has seen 92 inches. It's very out of the ordinary.
The bubble gut and hot snakes.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lake-effect_snow#Great_Lakes_region

>Lake Erie produces a similar effect for a zone stretching from the eastern suburbs of Cleveland through Erie to Buffalo.

This picture is from Erie, PA, which is literally right on the shore of Lake Erie.
I made the mistake of buying and then idling the Humble manga bundle. Now my entire discovery queue is nothing but anime.
I haven't played it, but [GiantBomb did a Quick Look of it](https://www.giantbomb.com/videos/quick-look-tokyo-dark/2300-12535/) if you want to see some gameplay.
I just don't think a port or re-release should be included in Old Game if they're judging the version that was released this year. Last year's Game of the Year deliberations included both Best Old Game and Best Remaster. Why wouldn't Mario Kart 8 Deluxe and Skyrim be included under remaster, where they fit much better precisely because they are older games that were remastered and released this year?

edit: also, I'm not arguing for Puyo Puyo to have been included, I've never played the game, I simply found it odd that they'd use that criteria for one game in the list and not 2 others.
They cut Puyo Puyo Tetris because the US version came out this year, but left Skyrim (presumably Special Edition) and Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, both of which had releases this year.
Merry Pestmas!
[Does it look a bit like this?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJUhlRoBL8M)
Jeff Pestmann
He's saying if someone wanted to troll a group, they'd leave and then just sit there, preventing the group from getting a 4th player because the new member could never zone into the dungeon.
They have computers to build, there's no time to read!
I bought 16GB 3000 EVGA RAM at Microcenter a couple days after Ryzen launched for $100 or $110. Just checked again, it's now $180
I've been warned that I shouldn't share my location over the internet. Stranger danger!
Yes, I drove through one a few years back when driving from Washington to Florida. They probably thought I was super shady, as I wasn't expecting the stop to be there and I was driving without a license (it wasn't revoked, I just didn't have one, and no one else was on the road) so I stopped in the middle of the road in plain view of them. Almost made my wife start driving because I didn't want to get a ticket/go to jail.
This is libel! I've never been an accessory to a crime!
I've been doing both using MPM. Zpool is consistently a higher $/day, but I had to disable Lyra2z. It showed as the most profitable, so MPM would stick with it, but something like 95% of all of my shares were being rejected due to invalid IDs.

Payout threshold isn't a big deal for me, though I also got burned by Nicehash like most, with a 1080Ti Zpool ends up paying out in about 2-3 days. Stuck a Kraken X62 on my card, so running it for a days at a time isn't a worry, temps max out around 50C.
I have the x810c and regret it almost every day, I’ve only had it for a little over a year. I’ve seriously been considering getting a Roku Ultra to not have to deal with the laggy disaster Sony calls TV software. 
The hillbillies one made me want to play GTA5 again
If you’re serious, last years GOTY included an overwhelming number of “I don’t think it hangs” in regards to games staying on the lists. This post is suggesting that maybe “bouncing off” of games will be the go-to phrase instead of games not hanging. 
And being super thicc. 
> Would you recommend that case for reasonably low noise?

The Phanteks? It's hard to say. My setup was 2 BeQuiet Pure Wings 2 140mm as intake and 1 as exhaust. With a Gigabyte Aorus 1080Ti and Dark Rock Pro 3 CPU cooler. When moving from the R4 to the Enthoo I also moved my computer from under my desk to on top of it, to look at that tempered glass. The R4 was quieter at idle but louder under load, even from farther away.

Since then I've moved the intake fans to the top of the case as exhaust fans and put a Kraken X62 on the 1080Ti with the radiator in the front as intake. I'm not sure how much I trust a decibel meter app on my phone, but it's saying about 40dB from where I'm sitting, and I'm sure most of that is pump noise. That's at 100% load for GPU.
For some reason my first thought was that your mom had solved a murder instead of finding a cemetery 
Population struggling? Merge all the servers together

Population struggling even more? Start a new server and split that population up!
Titan V has better gaming performance than 1080ti, around 20% better averaged out. 

Is it worth it? Absolutely not, but the gaming gains are there. 
The Denver employees are good people. I’d still be there, it’s my passion and the company is great, but I’m not a great salesman and could make more money elsewhere. Being able to afford and own the items is far better than working near them all day!
And make sure you go to Microcenter! Get that cpu+motherboard combo deal. I worked at the Denver one for a couple months last year and most of the guys there are knowledgeable and cool.

That also means that I know first-hand that they price-match any local competitor as well as Amazon (shipped and sold by Amazon), or most other online retailers, including Walmart marketplace, but excluding Fry's. I also believe they will price-match B&H, but it's been a while since I've seen the list.

You can probably even find someone there that's like me when I was there. I'd always try to get people the best deals. We'd work out the item that would work best for their needs, and I'd take it over and search for it to see if we could price match it for them. They do work on commission, but they lose the commission if you return the item, so there's an incentive to make sure the item is what you want/need.
We try not to abuse our power
My favorite is the "our troops aren't even making as much as a burger flipper!"

First, it's like any other job, you move up the ranks and make more money. By the time you're out of basic training, you definitely should be making more than someone flipping burgers at McDonald's unless you've royally screwed up.

Second, you have no housing costs for the first couple years and after that if you feel like moving off base, they will literally just give you extra money on top of your normal paycheck for food and rent! Find a place that costs less than that check, and now you're making extra money.

Third, the benefits are considerably better than at any fast food place I've ever heard of, and most of them last even after you're out. GI Bill, active duty/veteran discounts (restaurants, retail stores, car dealerships, tons of places give discounts), access to AAFES, and VA loans (some of the lowest interest home loans).

My wife and I were able to live comfortably on a single income from the Air Force and we were able to save, on below NCO pay. We'd go bankrupt almost instantly on a McDonald's worker's pay.
[Source for anyone interested](http://www.complex.com/pop-culture/2016/12/snow-buddies-killed-five-puppies)
For at least one of your points, nvidia’s Geforce Experience will optimize in game graphics settings for you based on your system. It also alerts you (and can automatically download/install) when new drivers are available. 
I’m not sure which models they use, but it’s run by Weather Underground. I typically use it for crowd reports and more hour to hour stuff than you guys can reasonably provide. Best way to put it: I check Bouldercast daily updates every day, I only look at Storm maybe 2-3 times a week outside of interesting weather. 
Have you seen anything for this Saturday? I use both your premium service and Storm on my iphone. Typically there aren't too many changes between the two services weather-wise, but right now Storm is showing a fairly high chance of about an inch of snow Saturday night.
I haven’t played it yet, but I’ve heard that Nier is buggy on pc
Everything except Legion is included in base WoW now. When Battle for Azeroth releases then Legion will also be added to base WoW
Loved you on Giant Bomb! Did you ever follow Ben?
They actually mention a Pirates of the Caribbean movie as being watched a bunch instead. 
Shouldn't make a difference compared to mine, I hit 50C and stay there even after hours of 100% GPU usage. I did change my fan/pump to change speeds based on GPU temperature instead of liquid temperature.

And if you have a recent Intel CPU, they use less than optimal TIM instead of solder inside, so that could be it too (though my 7700k wasn't ever as low as 50C even on an X40 or my current Dark Rock Pro 3 which is rated for 250W of heat, about 2.5 times what the CPU is rated for)
Their recording station for Denver is at DIA. And the snow has to stick and accumulate, or there's nothing for them to measure. You can see the NWS [Snowfall Measurement Guidelines here](http://www.nws.noaa.gov/os/coop/reference/Snow_Measurement_Guidelines.pdf). Basically they have a board attached to a measuring stick. They measure the amount of snow on the board.
>Next week, primarily Tuesday and Wednesday, many of the global forecast models (ECMWF, GFS, and CMC) are consistent in showing a low pressure system digging across the western United States, potentially impacting Colorado with snowfall. Current trends show this may impact the entire region, but of course we are too far out to make any accurate predictions.

https://www.bouldercast.com/this-week-in-weather-december-11-2017/

NWS' models have been pretty inaccurate for years now. From what I've seen, European models are the ones to watch most of the time, though naturally take them with a grain of salt both the farther out you go and the more other models disagree.
Seems like 50C might be the upper limit for X62. Are you on Silent mode? I have my X62 hooked up to my 1080Ti and it also hits 50C with hard gaming, and my GPU should put out more heat than your CPU!
The author of the article/book and the filmmakers are only associated in the fact that they both work/worked for The New Yorker. The filmmakers said in a separate interview that they were worried the author would be upset with them over how he was portrayed towards the end. 
Chuck was a tv show about a guy named (wait for it) Chuck who worked at an electronics retailer named Buy More, heavily referencing Best Buy. Chuck gets basically an NSA-CIA joint database downloaded to his brain containing tons of government secrets as well as lots of super spy-like training. So when he needs to do something like acrobatics to flip his way through a hallway filled with lasers he “flashes” and the database in his head loads up the acrobatics routine and allows him to do so. The CIA sends a agent and the NSA sends an undercover highly decorated colonel that is well known in a country as The Angel of Death. 

It’s a neat show. Has some laughs as well as some more touching moments. Most of it is in a pretty standard format, there’s an overarching story but most things are tied up by the end of each episode. Soundtrack is phenomenal. Got taken off Netflix last I checked, though. 
You worked at the Best Buy they based Chuck on?
Worked in Courtney Love’s favor
Ember Isle wasn't an expansion. It was endgame content added in patch 1.6.

It's like WoW's Timeless Isle or Argus. Additional endgame content, but not a new expansion (Timeless Isle being part of Pandaria and Argus being part of Legion)
> but I'm optimistic that legislation from the current administration won't entirely destroy the country. It might set us back a bit, but like a lot of bad things in life I think there will be a lot learned here.

I agree with most of what you said, but this part I have a little bit of trouble with. Most of the things they'll do won't matter too much in the long run, but the push for things like coal and away from renewable energy could have very long lasting and serious repercussions. Unless some miracle is developed, every ton of CO2 we add is already too much.
Rift vanilla and Storm Legion, the first expansion, were okay. You could definitely see the road they were headed down towards the end of Storm Legion, though, and Nightmare Tide, their second expansion, took them further down that road. I've tried playing since then but it feels extremely limited now unless you want to plop down $5 here, $10 there.
None in Denver so far, but I think Boulder/Springs got a little bit a few weeks ago.

Of course "none" still means that it's snowed, it just didn't stick.
Heck, I'd even settle for regular remakes of them.
I want to hear about the puppies of Gnomeregan
>A hacker tells his story and it's crazy! He was able to hack [...] Anarchy Online

What an accomplishment!
They can decline forms of payment but it has to be upfront. And states or towns can make laws specifying that if they wish, but part of the Uniform Commercial Code states that if the person tries to make a payment in a legal tender that was not prohibited prior to the arrangement, however much of the debt they were trying to pay is no longer valid. 
I use usaa for insurance and navy federal for banking. Best of both worlds
Well, there is one downside to lifted trucks for other people in traffic and that’s when the headlights are perfectly level with the rear view mirrors
Up front, that’s right. But once the debt is already applied, they do have to. So if they have a sign that says no bills over $20, that’s fine. If you get surgery and try to pay and they say “we don’t accept bills over $20”, that’s no longer fine
That FAQ explicitly states goods or services. It does not reference debts. 

Also that’s not really “the heading for that section”, but I suppose that little twisting of words is convenient for you. Do you want to know what the difference between a private business and an organization is in this instance? An organization is a catch-all term for things like charities and stuff like Boy Scouts. It’s to stop them from having to answer the “is this a private business?” question a lot. That has nothing to do with a governmental body. 

As for your insinuation of ad hominem attacks, that seems unnecessary. Here is what you want, actual law text from Cornell University, instead of whatever “expertlaw.com” is:

>If tender of payment of an obligation to pay an instrument is made to a person entitled to enforce the instrument and the tender is refused, there is discharge, to the extent of the amount of the tender, of the obligation of an indorser or accommodation party having a right of recourse with respect to the obligation to which the tender relates.

https://www.law.cornell.edu/ucc/3/3-603
>The heading for that section specifies governmental agencies. The paragraph later mentions organizations at-large.

Neither of those things are true. Did we read the same link?

If you have a debt and try to pay it with legal tender and that payment is refused, that debt becomes void. There can be local laws stating that certain denominations of currency have various restrictions on them, but the federal law is that coins and notes are legal tender for debts. Without knowing the laws in this particular location, the courthouse has 3 options. Accept the pennies, provide a reference to a local law or policy, or drop the debt. Unfortunately in this case they chose option 4, pay thousands or millions out to a man in taxpayer money. 
That fairly recent SiriusXM case about calling people because they get auto enrolled when buying a new car? Got my check for that the other day, $80! Good stuff
Your link backs him up. Your link says that private businesses can put limits on the currency they will accept. The courthouse is not a private business, it’s part of government and does have to accept those pennies. 
Don’t dip your pen in company ink
Use a baby banana
Judge: “I sentence you to be hung”

Voice in the back: “He’s already hung!”

Me: “Your honor, please uncuff me so I can fistbump my wife”
Both uphill and flat surfaces below a certain speed would see a detriment from the additional mass. Uphill is obvious, of course. For flat surfaces, at first the extra mass will help, but it increases the rolling resistance at lower speeds because all of that mass isn't also increasing the pressure in your truck's tires.
Thanks, that was the information I admitted to lacking.
Even then it’ll be almost impossible to find that specific board in stock. Z97 boards in general might be tough to find new. So the AM4 board will be easier to find, very likely cheaper, and it’s compatible with CPUs that are as powerful or more than Haswell/Broadwell. I don’t see the logic in recommending a Z97 board at this point in time to anyone who doesn’t already have one (or is getting one on the cheap). There are better alternatives that aren’t nearly as limited. 
Why? Did the game stop existing before the 18 year old was old enough to experience it?
I made the mistake of getting out. Then when I tried to move back in to save money they said "no, we've gotten too used to being able to have sex anywhere we want"

Gross.
That's a Z97 chipset motherboard, which is about 3 years old. Finding that board in stock will be tough and it provides just about no upgrade path. You'd be stuck with Haswell/Broadwell, and I'm not sure if there's even any LGA1150 boards with DDR4 support. He's much better off going the Ryzen route, which uses the same motherboards all the way up to the R7s.
Could he have dropped the trailer too? Not sure if it makes you stop first, I've never tried it while moving.
Minor correction: NK’s latest rocket launch was a success and could have made it just about anywhere in mainland USA

https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2017/11/latest-north-korean-icbm-capable-of-reaching-us-so-now-what/
I have an iPhone with a lightning connector. Still takes me a couple tries to plug it in. Only when it’s dark, though, the connector is just too small!
The old noob island used to be considered rubi ka. So you could team with someone, they’d leave (this was before lft interface) and group with an engineer who would beacon warp you out. You could then level and think to your hearts content, die and end up back on noob island. Your save point didn’t get updated unless you went through the proper channels of teleporting off the island. 
I believe you had to be on the plan itself for it to still show up. If you have an account now with just Shadowlands, you pay $15/month like if you had all the expansions. There was a thread on the official forums about it a few years back.
That is no longer an option. You get to keep it if you had that payment option before, but you can no longer sign up for the $5/month option.
Accounts with expansions have to pay a monthly subscription fee like many other MMOs
I had some chew blocks for my pet rats. Stacked a couple of those under the corner of my gpu, no more sag!
They’re on different scales. It’s more like if Arthas wanted to wipe out the city and Uther said “but wait, the people in this one tavern can be saved temporarily”

See, Algalon says Azeroth is okay. But Sargeras wants to wipe out all of existence, not just Azeroth. And if he saves just Azeroth, the Old Gods/Void Lords are still around. His thought process (if you beat Horizon Zero Dawn you’ll kinda understand the goal) is that while the Void Lords exist, nothing is safe. So he wipes out existence and then either kills the Void Lords or starves them or something, I’m not really clear on how he plans to get rid of them. Then either has a plan for or just hopes that life will start again on its own free of their corruption. 
> Went to the Gorge in Oregon

If you continue up the Columbia and go to George, Washington, there's a concert venue called Gorge Ampitheatre, but everyone in the state just calls it The Gorge in George.

Looks like [this](http://www.georgeamphitheatre.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/the-gorge.jpg). Hosts festivals like Lollapalooza, Paradiso, Vans Warped Tour, Sasquatch, Ozzfest, as well as attracting big-name artists by themselves. 
I got that costume, flame atronach summoner body markings, and some xp scrolls and potions. And a home item, which doesn't interest me at all.

Can't complain too much, though, it was free, after all.
And her dislike of PCs! This cannot stand!
But Algalon is only judging Azeroth, while Sargeras wants to wipe out everything in existence, no?
~~If anyone wants the F1 2017 DLC or Dirt 4 DLC, let me know, I'm not planning on buying either game.~~

All 3 DLC claimed
And F1 2017
Or if you also have Humble Wallet credit but not Steam credit
You can always get an android emulator. There’s a few around
Rude
To be fair, [Austin did do the Chronicles X QL.](https://www.giantbomb.com/videos/quick-look-xenoblade-chronicles-x/2300-10887/)
Maybe your joke is going over my head, but they're not used. These are pre-popsicle sticks, not post-popsicle sticks.
Logitech, too.
You can buy [popsicle sticks](https://smile.amazon.com/Popsicle-Sticks-1000-Inches-Long/dp/B003UCFPJ6?sa-no-redirect=1) sans popsicles.


But where's the fun in that?
The discussion was how Sea of Thieves and Skull and Bones compare. If you didn’t want to discuss Ubisoft’s game you shouldn’t have replied in the first place. 

And again, do you know for a fact that there aren’t pve servers or areas? There are npcs on islands, so it’s not entirely pvp, and it’s not like adding AI ships is some monumental task that Rare isn’t capable of. I’ll ask one more time before giving up on you, have Rare stated anywhere that pvp is unavoidable? I haven’t been able to find them saying that, but I’d be interested in seeing it if you have a source for it. Otherwise I guess I’ll find out during the next phase of testing. 
For Honor had a “campaign” too, but that was definitely a pvp focused game. From what I’ve seen Sea of Thieves has more pve elements than Skull and Bones does. In the end, we’ll see how it turns out. Sea of Thieves could always add AI ships later. Skull and Bones could surprise me and have an actual pve mode.
I have watched the gameplay and tons of it is focused on ship exploration and pve on the islands. Meanwhile all of the Skull and Bones gameplay I’ve seen has focused entirely on pvp. If I’m wrong then I won’t buy Sea of Thieves either, but how sure are we that there aren’t pve areas and pvp areas?

Also how can you say I’m talking out my ass and spreading information when my posts are “seems to be” and “I think” and “appears to be” while your posts are “no, it’s like this, you’re wrong”
“Going to have” and “completely focused around” aren’t the same thing. In Sea of Thieves the pvp appears to be optional, in Skull and Bones it appears to be the main focus of the game. 
It’s available on Steam, which does provide refunds
They can both be right, but that’s not what he originally said. He gave one side, I gave another. Now you’re more informed than if you had just read his post and gone “oh, this game runs like garbage for everyone”
Seems to be focused on pvp though, no? I think Sea of Thieves is more along the lines of what a lot of us are looking for 
My wife’s ring was like $50 on Amazon. The stone, which I can’t remember the name of, changes color with different lights. Blue in the sun, purple under LED, greenish under fluorescent. Her favorite color is blue but it also isn’t just the same look for years. 

Edit: I looked it up. It was alexandrite and it was $38. 

https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B005Y2I3IK/
Perhaps, but when looking at the graphics, I don't mind it. If I wanted higher FPS I'd turn down settings or go back to 1080p. It's still higher than my monitor's refresh rate, and it still runs better than Ghost Recon Wildlands!

While the FPS number may be lower than some would like, it does run smooth, as opposed to what /u/GameStunts is claiming.
I notice that both of your examples are using SLI, which has a spotty track record at best. I have a 7700k and 1080ti system and while it does have high cpu usage like everyone says, it’s always sitting in the 70-80 FPS range at 1440p and max settings (except AA). That’s even in the major cities. 
Get yourself some of those Jolly Rancher poptarts. You'll care about flavor real quick!
Where? I'm looking at one of the Destiny XP poptart boxes right now and don't see it, even in the details on the bottom of the box.
> if movement by the driver of the approaching vehicle into an adjacent moving lane, as described in paragraph (b) of this subsection (2), is not possible, the driver of an approaching vehicle shall reduce and maintain a safe speed with regard to the location of the stationary authorized vehicle or stationary towing carrier vehicle, weather conditions, road conditions, and vehicular or pedestrian traffic and proceed with due care and caution, or as directed by a peace officer or other authorized emergency personnel.

It doesn't say "slow down significantly"

>if movement by the driver of the approaching vehicle into an adjacent moving lane, as described in paragraph (b) of this subsection (2), is not possible, the driver of an approaching vehicle shall reduce and maintain a safe speed with regard to the location of the stationary authorized vehicle or stationary towing carrier vehicle, weather conditions, road conditions, and vehicular or pedestrian traffic and proceed with due care and caution, or as directed by a peace officer or other authorized emergency personnel.

Though you're right, "maintain a safe speed" is also open to interpretation. In Florida the law specifically says to slow down to 20 MPH less than the posted limit or, if the limit is 20 MPH or lower, slow down to 5 MPH.
It's move over or, when traffic or weather prevents moving over, slow down and drive in a safe manner. I posted the actual text of the law [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Denver/comments/7fedjq/colorado_drivers_fail_to_heed_move_over_law_year/dqbh229/) if you're interested in specifics.
>It's cold in here today, someone go start some bitcoin mining next door

-Amazon worker
It was a really terrible system. "Send us a picture of your receipt that has information about your payment method on it!" You could hide that info, I did, but the codes should have just been in the boxes to begin with.
If anybody wants the actual text of the law:

>(2)

>(a)	A driver in a vehicle that is approaching or passing a stationary authorized emergency vehicle that is giving a visual signal by means of flashing, rotating, or oscillating red, blue, or white lights as permitted by section 42-4-213 or 42-4-222 or a stationary towing carrier vehicle that is giving a visual signal by means of flashing, rotating, or oscillating yellow lights shall exhibit due care and caution and proceed as described in paragraphs (b) and (c) of this subsection (2).

>(b)	On a highway with at least two adjacent lanes proceeding in the same direction on the same side of the highway where a stationary authorized emergency vehicle or stationary towing carrier vehicle is located, the driver of an approaching or passing vehicle shall proceed with due care and caution and yield the right-of-way by moving into a lane at least one moving lane apart from the stationary authorized emergency vehicle or stationary towing carrier vehicle, unless directed otherwise by a peace officer or other authorized emergency personnel. If movement to an adjacent moving lane is not possible due to weather, road conditions, or the immediate presence of vehicular or pedestrian traffic, the driver of the approaching vehicle shall proceed in the manner described in paragraph (c) of this subsection (2).


>(c)	On a highway that does not have at least two adjacent lanes proceeding in the same direction on the same side of the highway where a stationary authorized emergency vehicle or stationary towing carrier vehicle is located, or if movement by the driver of the approaching vehicle into an adjacent moving lane, as described in paragraph (b) of this subsection (2), is not possible, the driver of an approaching vehicle shall reduce and maintain a safe speed with regard to the location of the stationary authorized vehicle or stationary towing carrier vehicle, weather conditions, road conditions, and vehicular or pedestrian traffic and proceed with due care and caution, or as directed by a peace officer or other authorized emergency personnel.

Subsection 1 of the law is about moving over when an emergency vehicle is driving (on a non-divided highway, everyone move over and stop, on a divided highway only the people on that side move over and stop). Subsection 3 has similar language to subsection 2 but deals with drivers on the side of the road putting on snow chains.
I got my current position through ResourceMFG. Can't speak too much about them, though, as I already knew the position I wanted, it's just that the company only does temp-to-hire, so I had very little dealings with Resource.
Punxsutawney needs references to Phil.
So you’re out $50 and have learned that your dream wasn’t prophetic. Sounds like a fairly cheap lesson, most people spend way more than that on gambling before realizing it doesn’t pay off. 

Also bitcoin started out at way less than a penny, so “crashes hard” is a weird way to put this theoretical drop. 
I'm sitting here looking at Google Maps and trying to think of what a good solution looks like. I'm curious what ideas the people in charge of this decision have to solve this more long-term.

You could keep the on-ramp at DTC Blvd northbound 25 only, or get rid of it entirely, and send people back to Yosemite. But they'd have to build an actual on-ramp for Yosemite southbound and widen the bridge over DTC Blvd. And the turn from DTC to NB 225 frontage road isn't great most of the time, though tuning the duration of the turn signals there would help.

Maybe keep the on-ramp from DTC going to NB 25, but add a separate lane on the right (if it's not already 2 lanes, I very rarely took that ramp) that splits off and goes to 25 SB, either over or under the 25 NB ramp.

Maybe even just cutting out the middle-man altogether. A lot of that traffic is likely due to the simple fact that if you want to get on 25 and avoid that intersection you have to go north to Hampden or south to Belleview. Maybe ramps from farther up Quincy directly to 25 would help.

Getting outside of that specific area of 225 gets further outside of my firsthand knowledge, though, so I'm really just spit balling ideas. I no longer work in the area, so now I take the northern half of 225 and then most of 70 to work. If there's some massive accident or congestion on 70, sometimes it's faster to take 25 south then 225 north, but it's more typically 76 up then 270 down.
A lot of the problem here is that it just gets too narrow. Go just slightly north of this and southbound 225 is 5 lanes wide where Parker gets on. It quickly sheds one of those lanes and has 4 lanes for about a mile. Then it loses a lane to an exit, back down to it's normal 3. Shortly after that it loses another lane to the Tamarac/Quincy exit and is down to 2. I used to work just off that exit and would have to take SB 225 every day. There's so many people that wait until the last possible second for those 2 exit lanes and then try to merge back into regular 225 traffic, causing delays for both the people trying to actually take those exits as well as the traffic going farther to 25.

Obviously they have more data than I do and can actually watch the traffic, but I'm not sure that having SB 25 traffic from Quincy take a detour is the best method. Using their numbers of 4,665 vehicles per morning taking that on-ramp and 30% of them going to SB 25, that's nearly 1400 cars they're adding to side streets. That's a lot of extra traffic for streets that don't seem designed to handle it.
I played through Black Flag entirely on a then-current midrange card and can’t remember anything too bad performance-wise. I tried playing again a couple weeks ago on a 1080ti and the performance is terrible, it never hit 60fps. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMqZ2PPOLik
> as I was exploring the ancient armory I found a new document talking about ultraweave

That's there in the first playthrough as well.
After my first fight, I had to stop and [take a picture](https://i.imgur.com/fb1EtqE.jpg). I had heard the snow was fantastic, but even with high expectations I was blown away.
Roll, draw your arrow and jump for the slow-mo, all there was to it for me.
The site is showing my GCU discount applying to Nioh, making it $16.
611 said that was all good and I’d have 0 down on the X when I called during preorder night. Unfortunately something else kept me from preordering and that’s the reason I want to do it in a store. They processed my last upgrade as a new JOD line instead. 
“But other than that, Mrs Lincoln, how was the play?”
The BeQuiet Dark Base Pro 900 computer case also has a charging pad on top of it. I was going to get one, but $250 is a pretty penny for a case
They had a bar locked over the top. Enough clearance to get dog poo bags in, not nearly enough for household trash
You start noticing minor differences after a while. Sometimes personality, other times physical. In this case it looks like the one on the right has a bald spot on the right side of his nose
Surprisingly, they delivered it yesterday as promised! They even delivered the other package I had delivered as well.
You can get 20% off the physical from either Amazon Prime or Best Buy Gamers Club Unlocked
There is multiplayer, contrary to what they say in the stream. It’s just not official, it’s a mod. 
Maybe, but if every other service works just fine...
Mine shipped today..via ontrac, so I’ll probably get it next week after talking to amazon when ontrac sends it to Northern California instead of Colorado like they do with all of my packages. 
Who has time to read things?
The differences were fairly minor. I'm not sure if they added a new test in between the 750W review in Aug '16 and the 650W review in Oct '16. They mention a test the 650W didn't get perfect scores on, but don't mention it in the 750W review. Other than that, it was that the 650W came with one of it's cables in ribbon form while the 750W had a regular cable, which looks less messy.
> Prime Ti 650W - it's the smallest (and best) Ti in the market

My Prime Titanium 750W with it's perfect 10 from JonnyGuru compared to your 650W with it's 9.5 begs to differ!
I don't really watch a lot on Amazon Video, simply because I only really use it on my TV and there doesn't seem to be a section for my watch list like there is on the Netflix app.

My main complaint with it is the bitrate of their streams. As I said, Netflix has no problem loading 4k, neither does YouTUbe, meanwhile Amazon Video will stutter a TON on even 1080p videos. This was the case with both the gigabit fiber I had and the 250mbit cable line I have now. The TV is connected wired, too. It's really frustrating.
The Clyde Unit
That’s Meridian 59
Are you on the promo 2/$100? I've heard that's capped at 3 lines before they'll make you switch to the 4/$160. Black Friday is coming up, though, and it's possible they'll have another free line promo so you could still end up saving some money going that route.
And even then, trump didn’t win the popular vote so it’s not half as the other guy said. 
Yup, way more buffering on 1080 Amazon Video than on 4k Netflix. Have to put up with it for The Grand Tour though. Luckily it’s imcluded in Prime or I’d just pirate the one show I like. 
Or when you’re on a ONE plan with 2 lines and excluded because it’s 2/$100 
The 1070 has roughly the performance of a 980Ti, not a 970.
Also in Breath of the Wild only certain amiibos would drop certain armor or weapons. And naturally those amiibos were very rare because Nintendo never makes enough of whatever hot item they're selling.
I can’t recall the name of the term at the moment, but while they have those patents in a lot of the cases they have to offer them at fair prices because of how essential they are. 
Theoretically, sure, if you could get $38 trillion somehow. Keep in mind that the US has a higher GDP than the entire EU combined (18.6 trillion vs 16.4 trillion), so while the us national debt is a lot, it’s not necessarily a bad thing. 
Anarchy Online has traps on their chests. If the trap is triggered, it can spawn a couple enemies, snare you for a bit, or have a little bomb go off and do some damage. 

It ended up making no difference. I can't think of a single person that even attempted to disarm the traps in the 16 years I've played.
Yes, this has happened over several phones, including Nexus 6, iPhone 6S Plus, iPhone 7 Plus, and iPhone 8 Plus
It’s similar using it on iOS. It also starts getting really laggy when adding a song to a playlist and will just stop playing music a couple seconds later. It’s crashed more in the last 6 months than any other app I’ve used on either Android or iOS in the last 8 years. 
Understandable. I did the same thing with a few games a couple years back across 3x 1080 monitors. Some of the ultrawide stuff makes these games act weird with how they handle things like view distance. I haven't tried it on FFXIV, though, only have 2 monitors now and they're not right next to each other or even on the same height-plane.
It looks like multiple resolutions is supported by AMD's Eyefinity, but not nVidia's Surround.

I was just curious because it's a strange resolution. It still kind of is, in that it doesn't max out the width or the height of your available viewing area. Do you drag the game out manually every time? Have you tried using the custom resolution fields?
I resubscribed shortly after the BoA announcement, started making my way through Argus and logged off after about an hour and a half. Those zones are abysmal to actually play in.
You sweet summer child.

I built a computer in the middle of the industry moving from AGP to PCI-E video cards. The motherboard I got had both slots, which was fairly rare, you usually had one or the other. I had an AGP video card, so this was great because PCI-E was the future so I could upgrade later on. When you installed Windows, you had to install the video card drivers first, then the motherboard drivers, because the motherboard drivers would default to trying to use the PCI-E slot and if that happened, you couldn't do anything without a PCI-E video card, you had to reformat and reinstall Windows.

The moral of the story is don't expect motherboard manufacturers to do the logical thing, minimize any potential errors you can from your end.
Why that resolution?
I've seen T-Mobile 4G non-LTE in the last month. Are you thinking of when they redid their U1900 (3G) spectrum into LTE in April?
Makes sense, New Mexico does border Colorado. Having driven 25 down into New Mexico, though, let me tell you, it turns into desert real quick!
I can't seem to find it on their site anymore but they used to list MMO subscriber numbers. Very very few MMOs have ever released subscriber numbers, but VGChartz would still just make up whatever they wanted to. With how many years they did that for, all their credibility is lost for good.
Although for those people who go farther west than 25, it seems like the incline will be fairly severe if it’s coming from a lowered position than currently and also going over 25. 
They just love computer parts
That IRS contract was to continue providing services they already provided (probably to maintain uptime while transitioning to a different credit reporting agency) and has since been suspended pending investigation. 
They were on my account for around 4 weeks. Getting the charges removed was no problem, normal 611 reps could do that and see I hadn’t been using the phones, but they weren’t checked into the warehouse yet. I finally got a call back from the Executive Response rep I had been talking to before, she had been on an iPhone related job and hadn’t been able to return my calls and I guess every time I emailed John they just kept assigning my case to her or something. She said the same thing as the 611 reps, she could see I hadn’t been using the phones but the warehouse hadn’t checked them in yet. However she has more power than 611 reps so she just took them off my account and said they’d deal with it internally. 

Edit: also there’s a slight difference in our situations. They let me ship back the old phones and keep the iPhone 8’s
That’s why I keep playing the powerball. If my luck ever turns around I want it to pay off big time!
They bet on the wrong horse. They went WiMAX while everyone else went LTE. That set them back a few years. 
Weird. They’ve only ever sent me phones via UPS and return labels via UPS
If you get a receipt at the UPS store it has the tracking number listed as well as time stamps for when you shipped it. 
1b on character, 4b in org bank, 4b in GMI.
> On the GMI for unbuyable prices, so everything is to sell orders. Several posted for 15b.

All of the sell orders on GMI are people from Storm. Not as good as Tiamin's old city shop troll, but pretty good stuff.
If it’s someone you’re being reintroduced to after some time, say “nice to meet you” like you don’t remember them. 
Sure, but he said, and I quote, “Even a computer like that from 2004 is total shit compared to a decent phone in 2017” which is just flat out wrong. 
The top supercomputer in 2004 had 70 TFLOPS. Even the 1080ti only has a little over 11 TFLOPS, no phone even comes remotely close. 
The Adreno 540 in a Snapdragon 835 processor has 567 GFLOPS. The most powerful supercomputer in 1996 had 368 GFLOPS with a theoretical max of 600. It also used upwards of 500kW, while the Adreno uses a couple less than 10W. 
The last couple generations have been decent jumps on th high end. Compare the 780ti, 980ti, and 1080ti. 
You look like a younger Peter Stormare
In this case, though, he hadn’t set the clock on his wall back an hour for daylight saving yet. But the iPhone automatically adjusts. 
Your pcpartpicker is already $50 over right there, then. $300 even for cpu, $2 less for motherboard and a $30 bundle discount. It’s also quite a bit cheaper to buy the ram in 2 separate kits. Newegg has 16gb (2x8gb) ddr4 3200 trident z rgb for $160 each. Definitely doesn’t make up the entire difference, but your price also isn’t as good as it could be. 
My wife signed up with Pink Zebra (kind of like Scentsy). After spending $400 on the products and only selling about $60 worth I was finally able to convince her to stop. When I had mentioned it before, she'd always get upset about how she wanted to have a hobby.

Brother's wife is currently into Lularoe and has dragged her 11 year old daughter into it as well. More power to them if it's something they don't mind losing money on, telling them how much of a scam it is isn't worth the aggravation for me.
You have fans powered by [IDE cables?](https://sgcdn.startech.com/005329/media/products/gallery_large/IDE66.Main.jpg) I think you meant [molex.](https://sgcdn.startech.com/005329/media/products/gallery_large/LP4POWEXT12.C.jpg)
> I say "real" because there are displays labeling themselves as HDR that don't meet the minimum contrast and lumens requirements to be considered actual HDR displays. Read reviews first before buying any of these things.

For additional information, rtings.com is a really good site, at least for TVs. They don't do very many monitor reviews (though there aren't very many HDR monitors to begin with). Their TV reviews are considered some of the best.
> HDR is mostly used in combination with OLED and similar screen technology. LED/LCD use a backlight to brighten up the pixels.

Before someone else comes along to ask about it, I'd like to add that there are LED/LCD HDR-capable screens, and they typically use local-dimming zones, so different parts of the screen are capable of different backlight levels.
> the new gameplay is fantastic

Wish they had kept the old parry system, though. Give it some limitations if they thought it was too powerful, but I'm pretty terrible at timing the block attack responses. If I wanted that kind of combat, I'd be playing For Honor.
“Are..are we the baddies?”
“Try not to suck any dick on the way to the parking lot!”

-Ronald Reagan to Nancy Reagan, probably
Possum Kingdom Lake is about an hour's drive west of Fort Worth, Texas. There aren't any local legends about a vampire there, though. And supposedly there's no reports of murders or rapes happening there, either. There is a report of a guy who was peeping in windows and breaking into homes and being seen on purpose, which Todd Lewis (Toadies' lead singer and the guy that wrote the song) mentioned in an interview, but that's the nearest link.
I had to send in some JOD phones due to a T-Mobile screw up (confirmed with both 611 and Executive Response that I had to mail them in and couldn’t return them in store). Tracking shows they were received on Oct 11th. Still on my account. 611 says they can’t see them yet because they haven’t been processed at the warehouse. The Executive Response rep I had talked to before (who told me to call if something like this happened) won’t answer her phone or return my messages (and I’m not like nonstop calling, only 3-4 calls in the last 2 weeks to give her time). Even emailing John Legere isn’t working, I emailed him over a week ago and again this last Thursday. No response to either. 

This issue is easy to get fixed as far as my bill goes, 611 can take off the extra charges, but since it’s showing 2 phones on my line 611 says they can’t process a JOD upgrade from my 8 to an X because of that, the system won’t let them. At this point I’m about ready to switch to Verizon after getting this situation sorted. An extra $20/month would be worth having a decent customer service experience, especially when the initial problem was caused by that company’s representative making mistakes.
I thought I also heard about similar bans happening during the beta.
Breaking Brad up in here
I use Nicehash. Pretty easy set it and forget, switches between a few altcoins automatically based on what’s most worth it and pays out in bitcoins. I did a bit a few months ago when the big craze happened and the bitcoins I got then have more than doubled in value since. 
I mine with my card when it gets cold. It’s all released as heat and I can get a little bit of money back while doing it, it’s basically a win win. I don’t keep my cards long enough for the mining to have any effect for my use of the card. 
With how long was spent in Tanaan and Hellfire Citadel, that was way too much fel green. 
They've already shown more and talked more about their game in less than a year than SoE/Daybreak did in 3 years for EQNext.
The things we do care about: Taco Bell, funny animals, and 21:9 monitors.
I’ve wondered the same thing. He is very, very careful to always say his partner and then never mention a specific gender pronoun. I’m curious if he’s just cautious about that stuff or if he thinks the community will like him less if he is gay? It doesn’t bother me either way, I like Ben and what he brings to the site. I think it might bring a new perspective to a few discussions if he is gay, similar to Austin being able to bring his perspectives in. I don’t think any of the Duders are homophobic, but they also wouldn’t have the same experiences as someone actually going through the same judgements. 
It’s what you eat after you eat?
Well you also had tons of fel green in WoD too
I'm fairly confident it's in the 7th Umbral Era quests with a solo scenario. I can picture the area in my head, but can't seem to find the right quest on ConsoleGamesWiki. I feel like it happens in Thanalan, but this list is making me think I've gone crazy.
[Found a picture of it](https://imgur.com/r/JFK/d9hdFNN) and I can definitely see where the confusion comes from.

I lived in Dallas for a few years, including for the 50th anniversary, so I had looked into the event a bit more than I had previously. I was confused at first when they said he had flown from Fort Worth to Dallas, as it's currently about a 30-40 minute drive, slighlty longer with traffic. But then I remembered that 183 (which, ignoring slight merges with 820 and 35, goes directly between Dallas Love Field and Fort Worth Meacham Field) hadn't existed in it's current form yet. When I saw your post I was confused again, wondering why he'd fly from Houston to Fort Worth then to Dallas instead of just Houston to Dallas, that's why I looked into the bit about the Rice Hotel.
I lived in Dallas for 3 years and one of my coworkers was just old enough to remember the day JFK was shot. He said his aunt or grandma (I can't recall which now) had gone to see the motorcade, though she wasn't near the School Book Depository, while he was in school.

Also while I was there it was the 50th anniversary of the event, and [it wasn't well planned](https://imgur.com/656DZf5)
> However, the previous day, he was in Houston and stayed at the Rice Hotel. Back in the day, the Rice Hotel was a really nice and had soft luxury mattresses. He woke up with serious back pain before even starting the flight to Ft. Worth.

Sorry to keep doing this to you, but the Wikipedia page for the Rice Hotel says he didn't sleep there.

>John F. Kennedy visited the Rice Hotel in 1962, and in 1963 before traveling to Fort Worth, and then Dallas, where he was assassinated. Kennedy used a suite at the Rice Hotel to hold meetings, which was supplied with caviar, champagne, and his favorite beer. After a brief visit at a LULAC event and his speech at the Albert Thomas Convention Center, he returned to his suite for a change of clothes. After less than six hours in Houston, he headed to the airport for his flight to Fort Worth.

You're absolutely right that he had severe back issues, though, and I could believe he'd wear a back-brace even without any hotel bed issues, especially if he knew he'd be standing greeting people and then sitting in a car for hours on end.
The new season just came out and a lot of people are probably finishing it yesterday or today.
He was in Houston the previous day but went to Fort Worth and stayed the night there, then flew the 15 minutes from Fort Worth to Love Field in Dallas. I can’t find definitively how he traveled from Houston to Fort Worth, but I’m willing to bet he flew on Air Force One. 
I have a 7700k and 1080ti on 1440p, locked to 90 FPS max. I see 85-90 a lot, mid-70s to 80 in Alexandria. Saw it get down to 65ish once while running in Alexandria during a really foggy morning.
With a 7700k and 1080ti I’m getting 80+ all the time, even in places like Alexandria, at max settings on 1440p. 
Steam says I played for about an hour. In that hour I made literally zero progress. I've had friends who have tried to get me to play, but it's not for me at all. I know people have performance issues and stuff like that, that wasn't my problem I have a 1080ti, I just didn't find the game fun or engaging or even remotely intuitive.
Also didn't she eat, like, literal shit for years to survive? Maybe they're dentures.
Isn't it complete garbage outside of VR too?
Las Tortas is fantastic. Technically a Denver address, but whatever. 5307 Leetsdale Drive. Parking lot is pretty small, little hole in the wall kind of place.
Two things of lettuce? What are these monsters thinking?
Click on the tag and it'll link you to the post where you tagged him.
>  these gains are abysmal if this chart is true.

Note that they're comparing their customized 1070Ti vs a reference 1070Ti, not against a reference 1070.
The dictionary definition of "black" is "the darkest color due to the absence or complete absorption of light." Black holes don't let light escape, so he is technically correct, the best kind of correct.
My boss got a ticket recently where the cop said "I radar'd the person you were passing at 60, so you were going 70." and then wrote her a ticket for going 70 having never measured her speed. I think she's going to go to the court appointment for it, but I can't imagine the cop will repeat that, if he shows up.
Only discontinued Pokemon-related amiibos, though.
I did that. It was the first public event I ran into, about 30 minutes into playing the game (ignoring beta) for the first time. It'd be helpful if your ghost mentioned something about those pods or the scorch cannons.
What’s the limit on active JOD lease value? Upgrading to the 8/8 Plus for my wife and I the rep messed up and created new leases instead of upgrading. It was sorted and I had to send in the 7/7 Plus but they haven’t taken them off my account yet. JOD balance is around $1300-1400, will that be an issue if I try to preorder the X tonight? I’d only be upgrading the 8 Plus to the X, my wife doesn’t want one. 
I’ve used both (own a Rift) and there isn’t a huge difference. Vive is nice for not having to string USB cables to each sensor but other than that it’s basically the same experience. 
3012?! Hot damn!
Anarchy Online was the first to do something like this. When they launched their free to play option they also added billboards around the world. Free players would see ads for things like Sprite or the US Navy (at least in the US, not sure what they saw elsewhere) while subscribers could choose to see real ads or fake ads for in game companies like weapon manufacturers and the like. They had a contest for people to design billboards, I believe the winner got a lifetime subscription. 
Three states away. Start in California, go to Nevada then Utah then you reach Colorado. 
Does anyone know if this only detects programs running or also programs installed? I have a couple cheat programs installed for single player game purposes and have no intention of running them at the same time as D2, but don’t want to be banned for simply having them installed. 
Wish I could be enjoying it too, but Best Buy can’t seem to ship an item for release date, even if it was ordered months in advance. Soon, though!
> Really they should give an alternative to people outside the US as practically speaking it would be like giving someone in Denver a days free travel on the London underground

Even for someone like me in Denver, this ticket is weird. I'm not going to travel to San Francisco for this event, and I doubt a vast majority of the people who buy it are going to do so either. That's probably why they added the $2 credit to that tier.
He's a lumberjack, and he's okay..
I've always found the areas that are surrounded by a "city" that aren't actually part of it on Google Maps interesting. There's a few places like that in both Parker and Aurora. Google will show boxes in the middle of those cities that aren't included in the red shading, but are completely surrounded.

Another interesting bit, in Southern Aurora, city limits run along Quincy Ave before opening back up to include Southlands Town Center, at least according to Google Maps.
I just downloaded and tried it on my W10 setup, works for me too. Only problem was it installing Gamespy Comrade!
A lot of it is also fairly low resolutions on textures. It still looks amazing but when you really stop to look around, the advancements made since then are quite noticeable. 
He said he tried it on 4 systems. I haven’t tried it myself, but he did cover the part where it might just be his system. 
I was so impressed when my friend got an 8800gt and could run it at a decent frame rate. I had a 7600gt at the time and that was barely able to run it. 
According to Wikipedia, North Korea uses a universal conscription for men. Chapter 5, Article 86 of the North Korean Constitution:

>"National defence is the supreme duty and honour of citizens. Citizens shall defend the country and serve in the armed forces as required by law."

It appears that every North Korean male has to serve at least 10 years in the KPA. 
It’s absolutely fixable. There are mods that make the vegetation look better and textures, while time intensive, aren’t actually difficult to replace. It’s just one of those things where if it looks good enough, SCS is going to focus on content updates instead. 
Well his first link is from BBC America, that could play into it.
Ya, stick to people you already know, like family!
Apparently I bought it in February. One of the side effects of having 1600 games on Steam is that you tend to not actually know which games you own half the time.
Huh. I've never seen one of those. Where are they used? I've driven (IRL) from Seattle to Florida, and back several years later along a different route, as well as a lot through the south/west (Texas, Oklahoma, Kansas, Colorado)
I always think that, too, but then I look at the textures on just about everything except the truck and realize that it still doesn't look as good as it should.
>Retail is full of fucking perverts of every damn age group, there were lots of perverted jokes, unwanted touching and sexual innuendos from costumers.

I guess I must be just super ugly. I worked in retail for the better part of a decade and never had anything like that happen to me.
> I have training in this from a previous job.

"Alright guys, this is the training class on what to do if an ex-girlfriend pulls a gun on you in a pizza place. Now, first what you'll want to do.."
It’s like The Last Question by Isaac Asimov, a fantastic short story

http://multivax.com/last_question.html

No matter what we do, our current understanding of how things work means that everything will end one day. We can keep consuming resources farther and farther out, ascend to higher planes of existence or whatever, but some day entropy will catch up. 
Small typo, it should say December 22, 2200
Ben: “it’s kind of like Fable” 

Me, thinking: “this reminds me of Gothic”

Jeff: “it’s made by the same developer that made Gothic”

Me: “well, that explains that”

I liked Gothic and Gothic 2, though I didn’t care much for Gothic 3. That series really had a time and they were great for the time, but I’m not sure they hold up well and this game looks similar enough that I think I’ll pass on it
Ah. Was that the one that was really tasteless and overall just a shitty game? I had forgotten it even existed. 
It wasn’t top down. You’re thinking of Manhunt 2. 
One of the tags in the second picture literally says “MANCHILD”
From Wikipedia:

>The hairy frog is also notable in possessing retractable "claws" (though unlike true claws, they are made of bone, not keratin), which it may project through the skin, apparently by intentionally breaking the bones of the toe
I thought of a go kart
That’s if you’re counting every employee as hourly. They’re not. Also a large portion of that profit already goes back to the employees as profit sharing. 

If you want a successful company you have to pay your employees. I really hope you’re not in charge of a company or a company’s payroll. 
Some of them are now. A law was passed last year or something allowing self serve in low population counties during certain hours. I still almost got stranded in La Grange at 4am, though. One station wasn’t open at all, one would accept the inputs but wouldn’t actually pump any gas. The Sinclair across town finally worked though. 
Oregon doesn’t have a sales tax
SWA ramp agents start at $10ish and top out at just over $30 after 11-12 years. I think their final topout is $31-32. I believe their contract is also up for renegotiation soon so that might go up even more, though the schedule isn’t something I keep up on too much. 
Right, sorry if I wasn't clear. I'm keeping the 8 Plus and mailed back the 7 Plus (and my wife's 7, since I JOD upgraded both lines at the same time).

It was a huge pain and I went to multiple T-Mobile corporate stores with no help. Ended up getting helped at a non-corporate store, so I made sure the Executive Support lady that helped me later knew which stores didn't help me at all (the first 2 kept telling me I had to have a shipping label for any JOD return - both regular reps and managers, the next store said "oh I can't do that return yet, come back in a couple days" even though I had done my last return within an hour of receiving the new phone) and which store (as well as which rep) did help me. She was actually the only rep in the store at the time, had never done a JOD return, but sat there and tried to figure it out, then called CS and got everything sorted.

I appreciated her help but was hoping there was a way to return them to a store instead of mailing, so I emailed John Legere as I was walking out. My wife was like "you're just emailing the CEO like he's your buddy?"
It’s not buyers remorse when I’m returning the phone I’ve had for almost a year. 
There are 2,080 work hours in a year (52 weeks times 40 hours a week). That means a yearly pre-tax salary of $104k would be equal to $50/hour. You think there are no jobs where 104k is a starting salary? Note that I didn’t say entry-level salary. 

You have a poor view of unions. That’s fine, you’re entitled to your opinion, but the facts don’t support your views. My example of baggage handlers was made based on Southwest Airline’s current ramp agent contract, they top out around $30/hour after 12 years. Multiple departments at SWA are unionized. SWA has some of the lowest fares of any major airline. They posted a $2.2 billion net profit for 2016. That’s a heck of a lot of profit those unions aren’t squeezing out of that company!
After the initial test of your hashrate (which can take a little bit, just be patient for the first run), all you do is open up the program and hit the big button that says "start". It then changes coins automatically and tells you how much you'll earn daily in both BTC and the current exchange to USD. It's super simple. There's even an option in the settings for it to enable P0 state on nvidia cards automatically.

For my 1080ti it says about $2.70/day, or about 0.00048 BTC/day. I should have kept with it when it was $7-10/day a couple months ago, but my PSU was having problems at the time :(
> defiantly

Definitely.
Why not use NiceHash? It will test your card's hashrate then automatically mine the coin that will give the best return. It then pays out in BTC.
That honestly doesn't really sound like it's worth it. Considering what they do, the risks associated with any kind of malfunction, the extra responsibilities they have to take on, I would have thought more in the $50-60/hour range to start. Baggage handlers at airlines make around $20-25/hour after a few years, and they're not also expected to be firefighters.
Why wouldn’t they just put a bathroom in the control room?
I’m not looking to get into the industry like the guy you replied to, but out of curiosity what kind of pay do operators typically get? A range or starting figure is fine, not trying to pry into your specifics. 
Or organize all the crime and create a schedule
Not always, but I ran into an extreme fringe case. JOD upgraded from 7 Plus to 8 Plus, rep repeated back to me that it was an upgrade and then ended up making a new JOD lease instead. Took 7 Plus to multiple stores before one finally actually helped me, they called 611 who told them that I’d have to mail it in because of the mistake but that I wouldn’t pay anything extra for their mistake and they’d close out that JOD. Talked to executive care, they said the same thing. 
Ah ha, thanks! Probably because I don't see that kind of stuff living in the US, flew right over my head. Then again, I didn't get Diagon Alley until fairly recently. Or even that Flo Rida is Florida with a space in the middle of it until a couple years ago. I'm not a smart man.
This might be a bit of a dialect thing, but I always thought of it was more like grim-awld. Is it supposed to be like grim-old? That was the only word play I could think of after looking at it for a bit.
At a certain point having more things to do can be overwhelming. It could also be like me and just not be in the mindset to get into a new game at the moment. 
Executive support said there was no official information on JOD availability or pricing a week ago when I asked while talking to them about a separate issue. 
“Good” snow
Ooh boy, stay away from the comments on that site!
To clarify for OP, it’s currently snowing and in the 30s. Those butterflies either left or died. 
Are the streets talking back?
The 9800GT was the exact same as the 8800GT. They had the same GPU (G92), same transistors, same GFLOPs.

The 9800GT dropped the 256MB option (for good reason) and a few were made on 55nm instead of 65nm, dropping TDP slightly, but they were otherwise identical. That's how good the 8800GT was.
>Pic: [9800GT -> 1060 GT MSI](https://imgur.com/a/qrQpx)

Just you wait! [This is my comparison pic](https://i.imgur.com/Hf9d28P.jpg). 770 > 980Ti > 1080Ti. I should have pulled the 8800GT out of the closet, but I was too excited to install the 1080Ti.
It's been some years since I've used non-expansion gear on a regular basis, but isn't Miy's typically better? Especially at the high end where Miy's goes above QL200?
Sounds like something that's typically taken care of by a recall.
Out of around 60-70 rats that I’ve had over the years, I’ve only had one that won’t poop outside of his cage. I can leave him on the couch or the bed for 6 hours and he’ll pee but I’ve never found any of his poops. I know he still poops because I’ve seen him do it in his cage. He gets a treat every time. 
I'll admit I'm not entirely fluent in how VR games are rendered, but I was under the impression it's rendered twice, once for each eye. I'm not planning on upgrading from my Rift any time soon, I just got it, but that would be my primary concern. Two 4K screens seems quite GPU heavy, especially if VR games are going to start being more demanding like Project Cars 2.
And Reagan
Loc’s cheating!
Unless you want a Forza Motorsport on PC instead of Horizon. Personally, I sold my Xbox after seeing this last E3 and realizing everything is coming to PC where I’ll get higher settings than even the X can do due to my 1080ti. 
On a larger timeframe, sure, but current models are predicting the metro area will get snow late this weekend or early next week. We’ll see how that shakes out. 
It’s not “I’m going to play one game of each genre” it’s “I might only have time to really play one game”
I’d suggest not buying the game if you don’t agree with it. Forza 7 was a definite purchase for me, then I saw all the loot box stuff and now I’m going to wait it out. Working 70 hours a week and thus having no time to actually play is also a contributing factor, I guess. 
I was excited when I saw hedgehogs in The Hobbit for the same reason! Though they were CGI :(
Their next demo*
> So I was kinda planning to buy this game after I've cleared all the games in my Steam backlog.

Oh you sweet summer child
I live in Aurora and work in Wheat Ridge, I'll keep an eye out
I think we'll be fine either way, as far as I know they only make that stuff for the South Korean government. South Korea and the US [entered a defense treaty](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mutual_Defense_Treaty_Between_the_United_States_and_the_Republic_of_Korea) after the Korean War.
DLC post-launch for racing games also allows the developer to add cars that simply weren't available at launch. For instance, if a car manufacturer announces next year's model of a car or an entirely new car, that developer can then add the new car into the game.
> the fault of Terry Myerson (Microsoft's Executive Vice President of the Windows and Devices Group), because "that's how senior leadership groups work".

He's no longer in charge of Xbox as of [last month, though](http://www.businessinsider.com/microsoft-xbox-phil-spencer-gets-promoted-to-executive-vice-president-2017-9). Phil Spencer now reports directly to Satya Nadella.
You even have an opportunity for either expansions or high end content in the form of areas outside of Westeros. Essos and Sothoryos are the other two known continents. Within those two there's lots of smaller places that could be fleshed out. For example there could be a big adventuring area for high-end players in the Valyrian Empire. Fight your way through and earn Valyrian weapons or relearn the secrets of forging Valyrian steel.
Can you provide a link to this benchmark, or even the picture you're talking about? I've provided a link showing that it appears it's your (or the other person's) system that appears to be the problem. As I said, I'm not just regurgitating what others have claimed, I've run the beta just fine on my hardware.

And no, Crysis Warhead doesn't look better than CoD WWII. It has lower resolution textures (look at the roads, rocks, vehicle tires in Warhead), no SSAO, shadows in general aren't super great. I have no problem admitting that Warhead looks great, especially for it's time, but you do seem to have a problem with CoD WWII doing anything right.

edit: [Here's EVGA's stream](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ELQanCGooOQ) playing the game at 4k with 60+ FPS at what appears to be pretty close to max settings.
Lower resolutions and settings puts the strain on the CPU more than the GPU. Thus, turn up the settings to make an actual comparison, otherwise you're not comparing the same thing. I can run Minecraft at over 700 FPS, does that mean The Witcher 3 is badly optimized because it won't run that well even on lower resolutions? No, it doesn't, because it's not comparing the same thing. Understand?

http://gamegpu.com/action-/-fps-/-tps/call-of-duty-wwii-beta-test-gpu-cpu

Looks like it runs better than what you claim, even on old cards like an R9 290, which gets over 60 FPS average at 1080. Maybe it's a problem with your system. You should look into that. And being less rude.
Crysis Warhead came out almost 10 years ago, not 5. Turn the settings up and CoD will look better. Will it have a lower frame rate than Warhead? Of course it will, just like running Crysis 3 will have a lower frame rate than original Crysis. CoD ran fine at 1440 and max settings on my system. Maybe it’s time to update yours if it didn’t run well for you? EVGA ran it at 60+ FPS at 4k on their stream. 
How did it run at higher settings on the same system, though? Having one point of data is pretty meaningless. It ran fine at max settings at 1440 on my system. Would I get more FPS on a game that’s 10 years old? Sure, but that’s to be expected. Meanwhile at max settings CoD ran fine for me and looked better than Crysis Warhead. See, I can provide singular data points with no sources just like he did!

edit: the only benchmarks I can find are on [this Russian site](http://gamegpu.com/action-/-fps-/-tps/call-of-duty-wwii-beta-test-gpu-cpu) a little over halfway down. That says that, if counting just average framerate at 1080p, an R9 290 will hit 60 FPS, while if you're counting minimum framerates, it needs an R9 Nano (though RX 470 is 1 FPS off). For 1440 it needs a 780Ti/970 for average and 980Ti/1070 for minimum, though again the 1060 is close enough to minimum 60 FPS that most people won't notice. At 4k, a 1070 can run it at over 60 FPS average, though for over 60 on minimum it requires a 1080Ti or R9 Fury X in Crossfire.
Raise the settings on CoD then? Seems like a weird comparison to make. I’m not interested in CoD, mostly played the beta to see how it’s changed since the last one I really played, 4, but why compare the games at different resolutions and graphics presets?
I noticed that a little at first but once I was playing and moving around they weren’t noticeable at all. 
Graphics-wise, it looks good. Gameplay-wise, it's pretty typical CoD.
It’s Alles Neu by Peter Fox
It’s called the iBrow
Apply ice to your junk until it’s numb. Then it feels like you’re jerking someone else off. 
Normal movies have menus, Netflix movies only have the Netflix interface
Probably refurbishing them and either selling them on their site or to an MVNO like Straight Talk or Ting. 
Your phone and your line aren’t linked like that. You can change between EIP, Jump, JOD, without changing your phone plan. 
I pay the monthly price people financing the phone would pay but I pay taxes monthly instead of all up front like they do. It’s technically an 18-month lease but you can take it back to the store and get a different phone with no questions asked and (theoretically) no hassle as long as the phone isn’t damaged. You used to be able to do it 3 times a year though there were ways around that limit, now it’s once a month. If there’s no phones I’d like to jump to I can keep my phone until the 18 months are up and then either pay the last 6 months at once and then own the phone or finance the last 6 months like a regular equipment plan. 
I have a 7700k. Perhaps you should learn to think for yourself. 

https://cdn.videocardz.com/1/2017/09/8700K-8600K-Temperature.jpg

I’m still waiting on your source, but I doubt you have one. Meanwhile I’ve backed up every point. Enjoy being an unpaid shill for Intel. Good day, sir. 
I had my 7 Plus for almost a year. The entire purpose of being on Jump on Demand is going to new phones when I want. Most of them are 0 down so it costs me nothing extra beyond the regular monthly phone payment, so why not do it?
It’s 15C hotter than the 7700k. Again, do you have an actual source for any of this or are you just believing Intel’s justification for making people buy motherboards with a “new” chipset. 
I’ve got T-Mobile’s Jump on Demand so I went from a 7+ to an 8+. Then if I can I’ll get an X. If supply is super low, I’d rather wait for the X while using an 8 than a 7. 
Like I said, mine does get charged for around an hour to hour and a half during the day. And I work in manufacturing so I can’t really bring my phone out much besides for music. 
Right now I’d say no, but I didn’t want a thinner phone in 2010, either, and now I couldn’t go back to a phone as small and fat as those ones were. The battery levels don’t bother me, I have chargers pretty much everywhere I go. 
Yes they are. When the 8700k and 7700k and 6700k are set to the same clock speed and run a single threaded test, their scores are practically identical and well within margin of error of each other. That means they’re the same core, there have been zero IPC improvements. Stock single threaded performance will be different due to different clock speeds, and naturally multi threaded performance will change, but that’s because they shoved 2 more cores in there. Intel might claim they’re “8th generation” but the cores themselves haven’t had any performance increases since 6th gen.

I’d love to read more if you have a source saying they’re actually updated, though. Here’s mine:

https://cdn.videocardz.com/1/2017/09/Benchmark_04.png
For my personal use the current battery is great, but a bit overkill. I use CarPlay so my phone charges on the 30 min each way to and from work, as well as for a bit when I go get lunch. I end most days around 70% battery even with Bluetooth streaming music almost all day at work. 
I’ve been wanting to go back to GW2 with all this PoF talk, but I haven’t played since LS season 2, and there isn’t great guidance on how to get back in. Do I need both new expansions? Why do I have to buy them separately? Once I’m in game, what do I do? I logged in and didn’t have anything pointing me towards anything new besides “go buy PoF!”

Also I have no friends in the game, but that’s normal. 
Better only in the sense that they have more cores. Clock for clock they’re the same speed. So take a 7700k, which already runs way hotter than it should, and shove 2 more of the same exact cores in that package, increasing the heat a ton, then add a slight overclock increasing the heat even more. Recipe for success. 
But who can really predict North Korea
From the early 8700k results, most modern games are scaling decently with the extra cores/threads. I’m just disappointed that there’s literally 0 IPC improvements
It shows whether this is actually a new generation or if just stuck 2 more cores of the last generation in. 
So they had Skylake. Then Kaby Lake which just increased the core frequency a little bit. Now there’s Coffee Lake that increases the core frequency a little bit more and adds an extra 2 cores. If you compare the single thread performance of these 3 “generations” at the same clock, they perform within margin-of-error of each other. 
Buckley’s golf balls detect most missile launches in the world. They’re also a bit more vulnerable than the reinforced mountain stronghold ;)

>The dishes inside of the radomes communicate with satellites orbiting the earth and collect data for four national security mission areas: missile warning, missile defense, technical intelligence and battle space awareness.

Source:

http://www.buckley.af.mil/News/Article-Display/Article/732339/buckleys-mysterious-golf-balls-uncovered/
Looks like it got delayed
Even in Denver, why would they hit downtown? They’d aim for Buckley. 
Heard that commercial all the time in the Seattle area growing up. 
You just need some Burly Paper Towels from The Simpsons. Soaked the quarry right up.

For some reason I can only find [that clip in Spanish](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ubmx9f1TfuU) on YouTube.
I use a 120gb SSD for my boot drive. It works alright, but I pretty much can't install anything except for like 7zip on there after Windows takes up it's room. Ended up getting a 480gb SSD for games, 3TB HDD for more regular programs, and a 4TB HDD for storage.
Getting out ahead of the "They call it the Xbox One because when you see it you turn one degree and walk towards it at a slightly off approach" jokes
Oh, so it isn't just me. Saw all this Path of Fire excitement and decided to dip my toes back into the game, haven't played since before Heart of Thorns. Decided to start a new character since I'd be so rusty and was getting this error. Logged into my old level 80 necro, no problem.
Then provide an alternative name
> Because consumers - the stupider ones - will be swayed by the bigger model number regardless of brand

I always heard that was one of the reasons Microsoft called it the Xbox 360 instead of the Xbox Two. Though that kinda gets thrown out with the Xbox One, I suppose.
Quiche? It's typically more of a main dish, but there's no reason it couldn't be made as a dessert.
When I answered the door the driver went "I'm supposed to have another package for you, but I searched my entire truck and couldn't find it. Either it's on a different truck or it didn't make it to the hub in time". The tracking page showed it was on the truck for delivery but was put on at a different time than the phone that was delivered, so I was hopeful another truck would come by.

When I went to the UPS store to see if they could give me any more info than the tracking page did (like if they even had the phone or if they had just lost it), the guy goes "I'll look it up in the back" then comes back out and prints me out...the same exact tracking page I'm already looking at.

I wish T-Mobile would use USPS, at least they attempt deliveries on Saturday and Sunday.
I'll see if I can get them to finally accept this phone tomorrow hopefully. This has been an exercise in frustration so far, 6s to 7 was much smoother. Maybe doing it tomorrow means I'll also be able to turn in my 7 plus, since UPS can't seem to deliver 2 phones on the same day.
I have a new one for you. This time they said it didn’t show that I had received the new phone and would only let me return the phone, not trade in or something like that. Last Jump I did I returned the phone about an hour after I got the new one. Heard about anything like that?
Thanks! Now I know how to tell them
I only have a camera facing out the window. I'm in an apartment and the camera faces away from where I park. If they take over my camera all they can see is the leasing office and the main gate. I only use my camera to check on the weather when I'm not home or too lazy to get up.
I believe the name of their religion is just Jehovah's Witnesses. But their churches are usually called Kingdom Hall of Jehovah's Witnesses.
I can't remember what it was, but I once saw a place that said "You cannot use a password that you or anyone else has used before"
> Everyday Normal Guy

I don't remember hearing about Scientology in [the song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5PsnxDQvQpw)
> Mormonism, the church of latter day Saints

Those are the same thing. [Also..](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jack_Mormon)

My wife's family is mostly Mormon, but we as well as a few other relatives are not. We don't live in Utah, but a few of her other family members do and all we hear from them about the LDS is that they'll come around every couple months to try and get them to come to church. There's no real stigma beyond that, and they definitely aren't anywhere near as bad as Scientology.
They both said they had only been with the company about 3 months. I think this store is new, so they probably started when it opened. Maybe they've never even done one before.
I misread the initial tag as NSFW instead of NEWS and was really curious about why they were going to turn it into a porn MMO.
Thanks! I didn't remember seeing anything about this change, that's why I came here. I'll go in to a different store tomorrow (one benefit of living in a major city, having options) and see if I can find a rep that actually knows what they're talking about.
Could have started off overweight. People are animals and have gotten quite thin as well. Christian Bale lost ~70 lbs (190ish to 120ish) for The Machinist and would have gotten thinner except for health reasons. When the weight loss isn't voluntary and you can't worry about health reasons, bodies can go through some downright terrifying transformations.
Just be careful adding things to their water. If they decide they don’t like it, they might stay away from their water even more in the future. 
Not in an apartment 
Conan Exiles. While both are developed by Funcom, Age of Conan is an MMO. 
Why? It already happened with Too Human
Oh ya, like DayZ did!
The poster you responded to is the child. I’m not sure where your confusion lies. 
Even Crysis 3 not so much.

But maybe I’m spoiled due to the 1080ti
Lose 30 Rock, gain a Judah Friedlander standup
Hulu used to charge extra for just less ads, there wasn’t an ad free version at all. That’s the point where I personally stopped using it. 
There are reports that Intel is making an i3 7360x, in case you want a $200 dual core on x299. Now that would be bottom of the food chain!
Time to order new eyes!
Did they ever mention that the stake gun in Painkiller clearly shot from the middle of the screen even though the gun was to the right?
Probably quite well. Seems right up Drew's alley.
Where do you find these? I reported my license plate stolen but it's not listed!

>$600 Playstation, a pellet rifle, bong and about $80 worth of weed he had in the shed and then left.

Must have been a hell of a PlayStation, even the PS4 Pro is only $400
https://explore.t-mobile.com/shipping-dates

It's usually fairly accurate. The 8's aren't selling nearly as heavily as previous models, probably because of the X
The number goes up!
My wife's 8 silver shows shipped, my 8 Plus gray still shows processing. 
Me too thanks
We wouldn't even do it when I worked there. Our ready to eat/cook squash came pre-cut. Hard squash is a huge pain to cut. 
I'm probably taking most of that week off. A few games come out I want to play and I'll be able to stay up late or get up early to preorder the X
Is their tag line "I love the Nuada. It's so bad"?
Playable Moogles confirmed!
More like ice front property ;)
He certainly put some work into it, but I have a few counterpoints

First, for the discussion at hand, we were talking about coastline, not shoreline. A subtle distinction, but an important one. Coastline is specifically about oceans/seas and in this case also applies to The Great Lakes. Shoreline is against any large body of water, which ties in further ahead.

Next, for your link, I'm not sure adding in rivers and streams is on the up-and-up when it comes to this comparison. I personally wouldn't say that rivers/streams have shores or shorelines, I'd say they have banks.

As for adding in lakes, while that makes some sense, there seems to be a bit of debate on how exactly to define a lake. For instance, Maryland claims to have no natural lakes, while Alaska claims to have 3 million. How large does a lake need to be to be added in? How do you differentiate between lakes and ponds? If all the states being compared aren't using the same criteria, the comparison is null.

And I hope this goes through this time! I've typed up this reply like 3 times because reddit was giving me a 503 error on mobile earlier when I tried to submit it.
Forgot to call him Donny
I work with it on an almost daily basis. I thought that was obvious when I said that it's a huge pain to work with.
It's also used on gaskets that go in oil and gas pipelines. Huge pain to work with.
Time for someone to make a map with outlines of which WP is closest to which areas!
Have a source for that? NOAA doesn't agree with you and I'd be interested to see which data says that Minnesota has 3 times the coastline of Alaska 
Well, that's similar to both Alaska and Washington, too. Alaska wouldn't be anywhere near 33.9k miles of coastline if it weren't for a huge number of islands.
People are idiots. Rorie, the guy who does support for Giant Bomb, regularly gets emails about trying to get various games working or strategy guides or whatever. He's a nice guy so he tries to help them out, but he's doing support for a site that streams videos of people playing video games, not a company that makes them.
> Just to add perspective, while I haven't fact extensively fact checked this, I believe I heard somewhere that Michigan has almost the same amount of coastline as California using NOAA data.

[It's pretty close.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_U.S._states_by_coastline) 3,427 miles for California and 3,227 miles for Michigan. 
Organic farms don't lack pesticides, they simply can't use the pesticides that are more effective. They actually use more pesticides than a non-organic farm. I can't say for sure about their fertilizer usage, but it was frustrating working in produce and seeing so many people misinformed about organic pesticide usage.
http://www.theonion.com/article/beautiful-cinnamon-roll-too-good-for-this-world-to-35038
No, he clearly said he hates it for no real reason. 
Also the family name of the rulers of Gilneas in WoW
On consoles. Humble sells PC version.
Some day, after winning the Powerball, I'll have this badge!
If dealing with people on the bus and traffic around the bus wasn't so shitty, I might be willing to go sign up. At 70 hours a week at $16.59/hour base pay and 1.5x overtime,  thats $1,410 every week before taxes. $73k/year if the overtime holds up, but that would be rough working 70 hours/week all year long.
Formatted it for you

Aristo $150

J3 $150

J7 Prime $225

K20 Plus $200

Stylo 3 Plus $225

Revvl $150

Zmax Pro $180

G5 $408

G6 $500

Note 8 $930

S8 $750

S8+ $800

Idol 4S $288

iPhone 8 64GB $700

iPhone 8 256GB $850

iPhone 8 Plus 64GB $800

iPhone 8 Plus 256GB $950

Z2 Force $750


So if we JOD to the 8/8 Plus we can expect it on launch day instead of 2 months later like with the 7?
First thing I thought of when I saw it on the front page, glad I'm not the only one
I'm surprised Brad notices the UI delays in Android (assuming he's using a semi-recent LG phone) when, from what they're describing of the Xbox UI, the iPhone is actually worse in that regard.

So with the Xbox they describe how it has to finish doing whatever before you can click on something. That's exactly what the iPhone does and what Android doesn't do. As someone who switched from using Android since the HTC Hero up through the Nexus 6 to iPhone 6S Plus then 7 Plus last year, it was very noticeable to me. The iPhone forces you to wait for animations to finish before you can perform another UI action. As an example, if you're in Safari and long-press a link and open it in a new tab, it'll have a little tab icon that it takes from that link and "throws" to the bottom of the screen. If you try to long-press another link while that icon is still moving, nothing happens. That's not the case on Android, you can rapid-fire open new tabs in the background.
[Like this?](http://dudefoods.com/bacon-weave-pizza/)
["I know what I'm about, son" -Ron Swanson](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dwGEUGIHS3E)
I got one of these tickets on plates that had been stolen. It happened about 30 mins to an hour after they got stolen (best I can tell based on when I got home, how far away the intersection was and what time the red light happened). I reported them stolen the next day when I found out. The ticket was sent out 2 weeks later. The car is a different year, color, and model from my car, and it had a different plate on the front (they only wanted my registration sticker). 

This was in aurora and it said "aurora PD" all over this piece of paper. So I took it in to the police HQ and tried talking to them. They said it's not their department, but also wouldn't take note of the other plate number or a description of the people or vehicle who clearly stole my plate. They just said "there's nothing we can do. We can't prove they stole your plate". That's fair, but either they did steal my plate (and this photo was taken 30 mins away from my house an hour after I got home that day) or they knowingly bought a stolen plate, because they sure as hell didn't get it from the DMV. 

When I called the department actually responsible for these tickets, they were shocked the police simply didn't care about having a substantial lead in that case. Like, I did the detective work for them. But I sent in the form saying it wasn't me, with a photocopy of my id, my case number, and the differences between a 2017 black Nissan Maxima and a 2008 red Nissan Altima. Haven't heard back yet, hopefully there's no court date that I have to spend even more of my time on.

Red light cameras are the worst. 
But this was a grandparent, so 15k is about right
Actually practically normal for Targaryens though. 
I forgot he was still alive honestly
Nice list. The only problem I have, and it's particularly nit-picky, is the descriptors on the left about what kind of performance you'll see.

While a nice guideline, especially for less experienced people, if you actually want a solid 60 FPS at 4k with max settings on AAA titles, no current card can handle that adequately. It'll stick around 60 FPS, but with some dips into high to mid 40s on a few games.

That's why I'm sticking to 1440 with my 1080ti. I have been looking at getting an ultrawide 3440x1440, but I think I might keep my current Asus PB278Q. While only 60hz and no G-Sync, it gets the job done and still looks nice (also, at least it's IPS!). At least keep it until some of the real high end monitors come out some time next year, 4k 200hz g-sync with HDR and all that jazz. Fingers crossed for OLED too! Then upgrade to whatever GPU can actually handle these games in 4k without compromise.
Lower end ones. My Seasonic Prime Titanium has different connectors for the different cords. There are a few that are the same but that's because they're interchangeable 
It's an 18 month lease with a buyout at the end. You still divide it by 24 to figure out the monthly payments, then they put the last 6 on a single lump sum. My wife's iPhone 7 is $649.99 full price. 649.99/24=27.08. We pay $27/month plus taxes and after 18 months (or $486 paid) she has the option of buying it out for $163.99. 486+163.99=649.99. I just double checked all of those numbers on my billing page. 
I have 1500 games and buy most Humble Bundles, as well as every Humble Monthly. Out of the 12 games in this bundle, there were 7 I didn't have.

How many will I actually play? Doesn't matter, 7 more to my total!
Which really sucks. My Battle.net is linked to my Prime account, but I don't really play Hearthstone. Meanwhile, my wife does play Hearthstone but because we added her as a household member to my prime account, she doesn't get the Twitch Prime loot, it only goes to the primary account. And I can't even give her the code anymore.
Remember that IUP from Apple comes with AppleCare's cost built-in. That $49.91 comes out to 1,197.84 over 24 months. If you take the base $999 price for X over 24 months it comes out to $41.625.

~~It looks like Apple is actually overcharging. IUP is supposed to be cost of the phone plus AppleCare split up over 24 months with 0% interest. But AppleCare is $99 (and presumably that's staying the same for the X), so that should only come out to $1,098, not $1,197.84. They appear to be adding an extra $99.84 onto their overall price. Their monthly price SHOULD be $45.75 through IUP.~~

edit: it looks like AppleCare is now $150. That makes more sense.
I hope it does follow the Note 8 method. I don't mind an extra ~$10ish/month over my 7 Plus, but wouldn't want to put down a bunch of ~~people~~ money that I simply lose when jumping to the next phone.

edit: putting down a bunch of people is quite different than putting down a bunch of money. I'm not John Wick-ing my way to a new phone.
It was really neat to see in Dallas. You'd see a huge amount of storms coming in from the west, then it splits around the metroplex and passes by to the north and south.
My thought is Dan Ryckert because everything seems to go his way in real life. This is his world and we just live in it
Would you rather be Dave Lang or Dan Ryckert?
I read similar about the install process for the Dark Rock Pro 3, but I did it by myself in a couple mins with no real issues. I did it a couple weeks ago and can't even really remember it, that's how easy it was. 
If your drains do this in the future, turn on the faucet. Assuming the water won't be coming in from outside, what's happening is the water is equalizing the pressure. I know it seems backwards but if you start running the faucet then it'll help equalize the pressure faster with clean water rather than sewage backup. 

Naturally if your house is going to be actually flooded, like several feet of water, then this advice doesn't really apply!
It's easy to miss, but the author is der8auer, a very well respected extreme overclocker (and professional mechatronics engineer) who also created the Delid Die Mate for delidding easily. It goes pretty in depth but I personally found it to be really interesting. He makes a good case for why Intel moved to their current solution, even if most of us don't like it. 
You're thinking of like a soldering iron.The solder used in Intels previous chips and in AMDs current chips is not the same as what you're thinking. They used soldered indium between the die of the chip and the IHS. Now they use TIM. Also they don't solder the IHS to the PCB, they glue it. 

Here's a good explanation, way better than I could possibly do

https://overclocking.guide/the-truth-about-cpu-soldering/
I had something similar. I think when I measured it he had something like 40 sq ft of area to roam around in. It was laid out like yours, but I put a fleece blanket down with some soda boxes that I tore open on each end, a couple pipes he could run through, and a techdeck halfpipe for those little skateboard things. He liked hiding under the little opening on each side of it and pushing it around to make noise.

Mine was 2 stories, the ramp had carpeting on it and sides that were too high for him to climb so he couldn't fall off. He loved it. He could hide under the blanket under the 2nd story when he was real mad at me or he'd climb up onto the 2nd story when he wanted to be near me.

Yours looks much, much nicer than mine, though. Mine was intended for guinea pigs and used corrugated plastic.
I'm seeing lots of things saying that just messes with the readings and doesn't actually lower temps. Some people were reporting temperatures lower than ambient, which isn't possible without a material like liquid nitrogen. 
Instead of using solder between the chip die and IHS (the metal bit that touches the CPU cooler) which transfers heat better but doesn't last as long, they've been using TIM (not exactly similar, but think like Arctic Silver) which is cheaper and doesn't use as many rare materials so it's better for the environment due to less mining. 
Yes, they've been using TIM instead of solder 
Full load or just while playing a game? During normal games I see 50-60 from a mid 20s ambient. 
Being without my CPU for a week doesn't sound like a good time. And having the potential to ruin a $300 CPU doesn't sound great either! I can live with the temps for now and it'll start getting better soon with winter
http://i.imgur.com/VCmjHKo.jpg
Weird, why are they releasing on a Friday? Most games release on Tuesdays. Looks like the same is happening with Call of Duty and Need for Speed, they release on Fridays.

Also, the new South Park RPG comes out a week before that. And Shadow of War on the 10th of October, Forza 7 on Oct 3rd. It's going to be a busy month :/
I went from a 2500k to a 7700k. While I have absolutely no problems with the 7700k's performance, and it was a bit of a no-brainer when I bought it a couple days after Ryzen launch due to the issues Ryzen was having at the time, I'm very envious of the lower temps the R7 1700 gets. Idle is fine, mid-30s C, but at full load it quickly gets up into high 80s C. It did it with an NZXT Kraken, as well as a bequiet! Dark Rock Pro 3, which is rated up to 250W TDP! The lack of solder is a huge drawback, and AMD will probably be my next CPU if they keep the solder in their's.
It had been on the ho-Ryzen for so long, though.
> In terms of gaming performance, he compared his rig to others on a couple of benchmarking websites such as userbenchmark.com and found that his PC was in the top 99% of PCs benched on that site.

Unless I'm missing it, userbenchmark doesn't tell you how your system compares to every other PC, only the PCs with the same specs. For instance, my 1080ti gets a result of 170% on userbenchmark, which is 74th percentile. But the percentile only compares my card against other 1080tis, not against every card tested or the percentile would be much higher.
MMO development pretty much always, you mean. You just weren't told about the various phases of development and when specific phases were occurring with older games. 
It works with any card that has the same orientation on their power plugs. For instance my Gigabyte 1080ti has its ports the opposite orientation as EVGA. So where the "top" of the PCIE power cord is facing the PCB on some cards it faces the fan shroud on other cards. 
No. The power plugs are the wrong way around. 
The Steam Community is having some issues right now. I can't load my inventory, and [Steam Status](https://steamstat.us/) is showing various servers having problems. I watched the Failed Trades number go from 8 to 24 to 35 and now 53% 
How many spiders do I swallow while awake?
Ah, alright. Thought the entire album was about just the Skyline. I wonder if they just built some of them and decided the Skyline was no longer needed. 

Looking at that picture, I wonder how the planning went for some of these. Their placement and orientations seem very awkward, and it's something I've noticed while driving around as well. 
Interesting. It looks like some of it was built. On the proposed vs existing image, I-80S was renamed I-76 and the proposed extension from I-25 to I-70 was built. The extension of I-270 to I-80/I-76 was also built. 225 wasn't finished in that image either. In that image were all of the proposed freeways part of the Skyline project or is that more of a general overview? 
It's definitely very noticeable when switching cases. I went from a Define R4 to a Phanteks Enthoo Pro M and transferred the same fans over that I was using before and my 1080ti runs considerably cooler and quieter. 
Their Alpha 0 is scheduled for this December, their Kickstarter stuff said delivery would be around December 2018, but that might have just been for regular beta.
You have to convert them early, though
Pour out a New Balance 574 for my homie
"I can sweep tonight"

-Sweeper bot, probably
This was a good price for me, I'm going to use it as something to show people VR with. I haven't set up room-scale yet, and most of my other VR games are like Dirt and Elite Dangerous, which are more of the sit around and actually get good at them variety of games.

How is it as just a VR experience, not comparing it to current VR games, but as more of an intro to VR? My father in law tried one of those $20 VR things, but they don't have peripheries, he uses an iPhone so it's not particularly high resolution, and he was particularly disappointed with it. I'll end up running through this Batman VR before he does, but I think this is the experience I'll show him, he's not much of a game player.
Land Rover's claims are that this model and year do a 7.2 second 0-60 and 140mph top speed. Other results say it does 0-60 in 6.2 seconds and has a theoretical top speed of 203mph. It will have lost a little bit of power over the years since it's a 2008. It might also go a little slower due to the front-end damage the article mentions.

Now, with a supercharger it should actually stay close to those numbers even at Denver's elevation. My naturally aspirated Maxima with a V6 (compared to this Land Rover's V8) will do 0-60 in 5.7 seconds at lower altitudes, though it does get a little bit slower here in Denver, and top speed is electronically limited to 130-135mph. I haven't timed it but I'd estimate the 0-60 at around 6.5 seconds. From a red light stop I can hit 60 around the time I get to the other side of the intersection.

I have coworkers with Harleys and we like to leave work fast and floor it a bit when getting onto I-70 (just up to the speed limit +/- 5mph) and my car has trouble keeping up with them. Harley's trikes are awful on acceleration and speed, but most motorcycles are pretty darn quick and shouldn't have any problem keeping up with even a supercharged Land Rover.

There is one reason I can see it wouldn't keep up, though. Going 90+ on a motorcycle is terrifying and it gets worse the faster you go.

edit: also, on a related side-note, if anyone knows about putting a turbo or similar onto a 2017 Maxima's V6, let me know! I took a trip to see family in the Pacific Northwest a couple months ago and miss the performance of having denser air.
Sure, thanks for telling me about that subreddit! I've naturally accumulated some VR games, but am looking to expand since I got a Rift when it went on sale.
> The only problem is the fact that I'm interested in the PvP aspect as well, and no degree of aim assist is going to level the playing field against a M+K.

I'm not so sure about that. Watch [this clip at 0.25x speed](https://clips.twitch.tv/HedonisticPlainBeeDancingBaby). The aim assist puts his reticle basically right on his enemy's head. There's apparently also a way to trick the PC version into thinking you have a controller, thus giving you this kind of aim assist, while using M+K. 

But I feel you. I've got my preorder paid off, but I'm still watching how Destiny 2 is received to decide whether or not to keep it or cancel it.
Promo code: EMCRKRF43

They also have [Mortal Kombat XL](https://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16832777174&cm_re=mortal_kombat_xl-_-32-777-174-_-Product) for $9.99 or $8.69 with promo code EMCRKRF39

And [Batman: Arkham Knight](https://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16832777053&cm_re=batman_arkham_knight-_-32-777-053-_-Product) for $6.99 or $4.99 with promo code EMCRKRF42
On the other hand, it does feel like rewarding them for breaking their promises.
Hopefully Assassin's Creed Origins isn't good, since it comes out the same day as Destiny 2 PC!
The good news is that you can use a controller on PC! Also, at least during the beta, it was actually better than using mouse+keyboard due to how aggressive the aim assist was.
https://us.battle.net/forums/en/wow/topic/11395919600?page=2#post-36

>Certainly there will be updates and changes as the expansion progresses, but I don't believe there's any current intention to add full sets of additional buildings. If we were to work on those for an expansion patch it would quite literally come at the cost of a raid tier.

-Bashiok, during development of Warlords of Draenor, talking about Garrisons
Does that map say 226? Where's that highway?
My company has a plant in Houston. I'm not sure about being paid for the days, but I know they're finding out who had damages occur and are going to help out with things like home repairs. 
"45% chance to hit? I don't know, better put every single character into overwatch for 5 turns in a row"
[Non-mobile link](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rat_king)
Got the i3 version for my wife a couple months back. Works great for WoW at 1080, she just needed it to be able to raid while house-sitting for her dad (happens probably twice a month). Considerably cheaper than a laptop with comparable performance, and don't have to lug her computer everywhere.
If you want this today or they run out, Microcenter has it for [$20 more.](http://www.microcenter.com/product/468411/S2417DG_24_QHD_LED_Gaming_Monitor_w-_NVIDIA_G-Sync)
I guess you'll just have to invest your coffee money, become super rich and prove me wrong! Good luck!
I didn't choose the components, brufercan did.
[PCPartPicker part list](https://pcpartpicker.com/list/PYKWpb) / [Price breakdown by merchant](https://pcpartpicker.com/list/PYKWpb/by_merchant/)

Type|Item|Price
:----|:----|:----
**CPU** | [AMD - Ryzen 5 1600 3.2GHz 6-Core Processor](https://pcpartpicker.com/product/mV98TW/amd-ryzen-5-1600-32ghz-6-core-processor-yd1600bbaebox) | $189.99 
**Motherboard** | [MSI - B350 TOMAHAWK ATX AM4 Motherboard](https://pcpartpicker.com/product/Y4kwrH/msi-b350-tomahawk-atx-am4-motherboard-b350-tomahawk) | $79.99 
**Memory** | [EVGA - SuperSC 16GB (2 x 8GB) DDR4-3000 Memory](https://pcpartpicker.com/product/j78H99/evga-memory-8gxd43000mr) | $139.99 
**Storage** | [Samsung - 850 EVO-Series 500GB 2.5" Solid State Drive](https://pcpartpicker.com/product/FrH48d/samsung-internal-hard-drive-mz75e500bam) | $174.99 
**Storage** | [Western Digital - Caviar Blue 1TB 3.5" 7200RPM Internal Hard Drive](https://pcpartpicker.com/product/MwW9TW/western-digital-internal-hard-drive-wd10ezex) | $52.99 
**Video Card** | [EVGA - GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 11GB FTW3 GAMING iCX Video Card](https://pcpartpicker.com/product/KBtWGX/evga-geforce-gtx-1080-ti-11gb-ftw-gaming-icx-video-card-11g-p4-6696-kr) | $779.99 
**Case** | [NZXT - S340 Elite (White) ATX Mid Tower Case](https://pcpartpicker.com/product/F28H99/nzxt-ca-s340w-w2-atx-mid-tower-case-ca-s340w-w2) | $99.99 
**Power Supply** | [EVGA - 500W 80+ Certified ATX Power Supply](https://pcpartpicker.com/product/XCjG3C/evga-power-supply-100w10500kr) | $51.99 
**Monitor** | [Dell - S2417DG 23.8" 2560x1440 165Hz Monitor](https://pcpartpicker.com/product/CwgPxr/dell-s2417dg-238-165hz-monitor-s2417dg) | $399.99 
 | *Prices include shipping, taxes, rebates, and discounts* |
 | **Total** | **$1969.91**
 | Generated by [PCPartPicker](http://pcpartpicker.com) 2017-09-04 12:38 EDT-0400 |

Updated it with Microcenter's prices, replaced with comparable items where original items weren't available at MC (RAM and PSU). Motherboard I kept at Amazon's price to take into account the $30 bundle savings at Microcenter.

/u/Diablodm , I don't know how it is at the Microcenter you're going to, but the one in Denver will pricematch to Newegg, B&H, and Amazon (if it's shipped and sold by Amazon, no 3rd party sellers). So keep that in mind for getting the best prices.
> Or spending it on a take away coffee when you could just as easily brew it yourself at a fraction of the cast

There's where we can agree. I'm just being realistic and not expecting to become rich by not buying coffee. Especially not if we're looking at it in terms of "save this money now and when you're 70 years old you can have a bit extra money!". If you maintain a decent paying job, you'll never notice the $20/week in 50 years. You won't be looking back thinking "boy, if only I had put that money away, I could have bought a new car!". Instead you'll be thinking about how much you missed out on, now that you're not young enough to enjoy it anymore.

I just put this into another comment, but I took the theory of not buying a cup of coffee a day and tried to emulate it for the past 50 years using 5, 7, and 10% compound interest rates.

>Assuming we're only putting the original $20/week in, we can test how this will work out, with some obvious problems because we don't know the rate of inflation for the future. $20 today has the same buying power as $2.73 50 years ago in 1967. So $2.73/week times 52 weeks comes out to $141.96 per year. Using [this compound interest calculator](http://www.moneychimp.com/calculator/compound_interest_calculator.htm), putting in that entire amount each year for 50 years, at 5% interest comes out to $32.8k. I'm sure in 1967 that seemed like a huge amount of money, too. Not so much today. But let's say you get a good deal and get 7% interest, that's $65.9k! Woo, you can buy luxury car! Maybe you get an extraordinary deal and get 10% compound interest, basically unheard of ever, that comes out to $198.4k. Now we're talking! You can buy a house, as long as it's nowhere near a major city! And all you had to do was save the price of a cup of coffee per weekday for 50 years. Now you can finally enjoy all that money at 70 years old!
It's a huge amount of money now. In 50 years, it will be a much smaller amount of money due to inflation.

Now, for someone barely scraping by, I agree, cut out Starbucks or whatever to save some money. But cutting out all the substance to your life now for a not very good return in your later years (if you get that far, a lot of people aren't particularly healthy) seems like a rather poor decision.

edit to illustrate this. Assuming we're only putting the original $20/week in, we can test how this will work out, with some obvious problems because we don't know the rate of inflation for the future. $20 today has the same buying power as $2.73 50 years ago in 1967. So $2.73/week times 52 weeks comes out to $141.96 per year. Using [this compound interest calculator](http://www.moneychimp.com/calculator/compound_interest_calculator.htm), putting in that entire amount each year for 50 years, at 5% interest comes out to $32.8k. I'm sure in 1967 that seemed like a huge amount of money, too. Not so much today. But let's say you get a good deal and get 7% interest, that's $65.9k! Woo, you can buy luxury car! Maybe you get an extraordinary deal and get 10% compound interest, basically unheard of ever, that comes out to $198.4k. Now we're talking! You can buy a house, as long as it's nowhere near a major city! And all you had to do was save the price of a cup of coffee per weekday for 50 years. Now you can finally enjoy all that money at 70 years old!
Okay, let's use "compound interest", even though you don't seem to understand it and are severely overestimating it.

Using [this calculator](http://www.moneychimp.com/calculator/compound_interest_calculator.htm) we can put in $1040 per year at a 5% interest rate for 45 years (going from 20 years old to 65, current retirement age, though I'm sure that will increase by the time the 2040s roll around). It comes out to just under $184k. Let's change those settings, make it 45 years at 7%. A bit unrealistic to expect 7% returns every single year, but we'll humor you. It comes out to just under $340k.

Sure, $340k isn't bad, but you're also missing out on life. I know someone is going to be all "oh, not having Starbucks isn't missing out on life!" but the $20/week can come from anywhere, not just Starbucks. So you have a choice, put that money away and, adjusting for inflation, have enough for maybe a house in 45 years, or save up for a year or 2 and spend it on something you actually want to do now instead of in the twilight of your life.
>  that's $20 every week for $1040 a year.

>A safe, long-term investment made in someone's early twenties will multiply three or four times by the time they reach retirement age.

Cool, I can have $3k-4k in 50 years!
Iraq has WMDRAM?!
It's below North Korea. Another mystery solved!
Not just this generation. Intel hasn't used solder since Sandy Bridge in 2011. 

I'd love if my 7700k was soldered like my 2500k was, but there are reasons beyond just straight cost that Intel doesn't do that anymore. It's much harder, though I bet they could work around that. Solder isn't as durable, it'll wear out from thermal cycles faster. Solder also requires materials like gold and indium which cause pollution when they're mined. They should have used the liquid metal that consumers are using, but I don't think that stuff can handle extreme overclocking with LN2 as well due to the extreme temperature variations. 

If Ryzen hadn't been half baked at launch and performed like it does now, I probably would have gotten a 1700 instead of a 7700k. 
I saw your other post saying you have the 7700. The reason CPU temps are high is because Intel has cheaped out on the material between the chip and the integrated heat spreader, before it even gets to the heatsink/fan. They used to use solder, and AMD still does, but now they use normal thermal paste. You'll see a lot of references to delidding, which helps with temps. Delidding is when they literally pry open the CPU itself and replace that thermal paste with liquid metal. It voids your warranty and can kill your CPU if done improperly, but drops temps by about 20-25C.

For what it's worth, I have a 7700k and my CPU cooler is rated to 250W TDP (7700k is only 91W TDP) and mine still hits 70C at load. Did the same thing under liquid cooling, so short of delidding there's not much that can be done about it.
That's a decent price. Building something similar comes out to about the same price, though the HP will have worse quality components, they typically cheap out on things like the motherboard and PSU. Building one is currently seeing some price increases due to RAM and GPU prices going up.

I thought they also give a discount if you buy a PC and the Rift together? But maybe that's only in specific bundles.
http://www.oscars.org/news/stephen-king-looks-back-shawshank-redemption

>When I first saw it, I realized he'd made not just one of the best movies ever done from my work, but a potential movie classic.

-Stephen King

I seem to recall seeing something about how he thought the movie was better than his book, but I can't find it. I might have been thinking of Fight Club.
You seem to be missing a few models.
Do I have to have all the minions before I can get weapon tokens? Or do I have to be the specific class for the weapon? Maybe just RNG on if I even get the weapon tokens? I just did a couple fates in south shroud with manjimutt out and only got regular medals, not legendary ones. I even got an achievement for completing a fate with the highest rating. 

edit: looks like it's just RNG, got a legendary medal for my next fate. This is gonna suck.
I think you're confusing two different things. You're most likely thinking of floodplains, which I know are commonly called flood zones. But in this case a flood zone is an area where they specifically say "yup, this zone is flooded" rather than "this area has a high likelihood of flooding"
At face value you're right, but video streams are more intelligent than that these days. If someone is say, wearing a blue shirt in the video you're watching, most video encoders streaming these videos will detect that there's no reason to send that information again unless certain pixels change.

Slightly different tech, but you can see the same bandwidth effect from over the air antennas. If you have just good enough signal to watch tv over the antenna and then switch to something fast paced like a sports game you'll notice it has trouble keeping up with the action. Getting a better signal or switching back to something that's slower paced fixes the issue. 
It'd be cool if they rolled out an app we could use at home too
Lucky. The Taco Bell I went to for lunch didn't even have the boxes with codes yet. 
At max settings minus AA in Wildlands my 7700k and 1080ti system doesn't get a solid 60 at 1440p. If you're thinking of TechPowerUp's articles, I don't think they're running it at very high settings, I think they dropped it down to just high without mentioning it
It's possible, though I'm not a scientist myself. My source is:

https://www.bouldercast.com/this-week-in-weather-august-28-2017/

A little before halfway down the page there's a GFS vorticity map showing a ridge over Utah and one over Florida exerting pressure on each side of Harvey. Googling a newer map it appears the Florida ridge shifted a little bit allowing Harvey to head farther northeast
It was stuck between two areas of high pressure, preventing it from going farther inland on one side and back out to sea on the other. 
I haven't seen any pop tarts with Destiny stuff yet. Is it only certain flavors?
If you get lucky with a cashier that doesn't know better it works sometimes. But you're right, official policy is no GCU discount with a price match (unless you're price matching their own ad, that works consistently for me)
I'd still choose GCU over that GameStop thing. Preowned games don't usually go on sale, I've had tons of times where 20% off a new game is considerably cheaper than 20% off a preowned game would be at Best Buy. Also for me personally, I refuse to support GameStop and want to see them go out of business. 