Confirmed. 
Same.
Congrats! Garrosh is one of those heroes that I’ve really wanted to learn but just never have... mostly play DPS or Support, but have a soft spot for him lore-wise. 
Junkrat is in a really great place right now.
And they fixed the bug on her [[Infest]] talent in the most recent patch!
I can agree with this. One of the first heroes I truly, truly loved.
You are a true champion, my friend. Thank you. 
IIRC she tells him that he'll die in agony, just like his son. I think it may be pre-match banter instead of a kill quote.

I also love Junkrat's interaction with Greymane, also referencing his son... 

"So, I have to ask... dingo got your baby? [snickers]"
Ah, good to know. 
I second this. 
Are they completely disabled, or do they now just have extremely rare occurrences? I’ve seen varying statements...

I do miss them, though. Sylvanas being ice cold and referencing Greymane’s dead son when she kills him was always a fave. 
Agreed. 
What were the pending changes again? Looking for actual comp structure versus similar role numbers?
Aren't there different types of colorblindness? 
Seriously
Same.
Came to post the same thing. 
Gazlowe/Alarak/Brightwing/Tychus rotation over here.
Take my money.
Agreed.
I just wish third-party keyboards could adjust the "under keyboard" area used by the iPhone X in the default for emoji and dictation. I know it's because of Apple-imposed silliness, but it bothers me. Otherwise, I absolutely LOVE Gboard.
Confirmed by Blizzard on reddit.
Take my upvote. 
Same. It actually forced me to try [[Simple Geometry]] more often (I usually only use Hanzo for full Q build), and it was quite enjoyable. I still went [[Explosive Arrows]] at 4, as I just love that talent and find the full PvE Scatter build boring AF to play (and broken...). Might actually mix it up a bit between Q/Q/Q and W/Q/W at 1/4/7 now.
You can argue for both, but Salvo has a lower cooldown, better synergy with slow-heavy compositions given its 50% damage buff to slowed targets, is not easily dodgeable, and does not leave you stationary or as vulnerable. It is easier to get strong baseline value (albeit, less than an "ideal" Planet Cracker as seen above) consistently than with Planet Cracker. More flexible and consistently-helpful value in a team fight makes it the more "sensible" pick in many cases.

But still, sometimes you just want to see the world burn and make people rage quit with a few well-set-up YOLO Cracker Massacres. No shame in that game.
Mine are all still here. Though losing them wouldn't have been a huge deal, as I regularly clear them out regardless.
"Preparing Update..."
Any resolution here? Is it always present or only when facing up against Fenix, etc.?
My favorite part of her announcer pack. I kind of wish the "you sure are good at murder" line from her hero VO was also repeated in the announcer quotes, TBH.
Yes, please.
Hey, now... no need to be rude!

Brightwing is one of my favorite heroes... Also like Stukov and Li Li. 

Leoric has been a favorite since he launched (Diablo fanboy). Artanis, Arthas, Stitches, and Rexxar are also favorites. I can play others, but those are the warriors I most enjoy. 

Abathur is also in the running for favorite hero in the game. 
I’m a real sucker for Explosive Arrows at 4, though...
Hardly (though I could see why you would think that). I started playing in the beta, and then took a break. From lore / favorite character standpoints I used to **only** play Sylvanas and Tychus. Yes, before Tychus was any good. And then Valla, because I mained a Demon Hunter in D3. 

I was undoubtedly excited when Tychus did get very good, though was hit with the inevitable sadness when he was more than harshly nerfed (please give him back maybe 0.5 range???).

Zul'jin was another case where I just loved him from the WC universe and played him a bunch when he first launched, even if he wasn't great. He had his brief moment in the sun when his Mage build was actually generally useful and very good, but again I was so sad to see him nerfed back down. I still play both Tychus and Zul'jin whenever I can now...

I play Greymane when I HAVE to, but I honestly don't really enjoy the character for whatever reason despite being good with him. Dunno.

I also hate Thrall, Chromie, Nova, etc. But will admit to playing a decent amount of Tracer.

(Figure you don't care about my support or warrior taste)
Paired with another hero that can follow-up with a bit more CC after the initial Smash blow (Brightwing Poly, for example), and it's all but a guaranteed kill.
I was playing Brightwing and my buddy was testing out new Varian last night. Colossus Smash + Polymorph just made for SAD, SAD Fenix. With Shattering Throw, it just wasn't even fair.
Haven't gotten a chance to play him yet in draft mode, but I did find that he was all but removed from one game by a Varian with [[Colossus Smash]] and [[Shattering Throw]]. I almost felt bad for the poor guy.

**EDIT:** I was playing Brightwing, and would poly him after the initial Colossus Smash. Very satisfying.
But you took the talent FOR the range boost moreso than the 100 bonus damage. That talent is all but worthless without the range buff applying correctly. 

I'm fine with nerfing the bonus range a tad, but honestly, Storm Bow build is *not* the build that infuriates me. At least it takes some skill to consistently land those skill shots. I cannot stand the Scatter Build, though. Mindless jungling and objective spamming FTL.
Damn it. Couldn't they have the bug impact his more annoying build and just forget to register the PvE damage buff to Scatter? As someone who plays Hanzo pretty regularly, but ONLY for his Storm Bow build, I guess he's going to just be on the bench until this is fixed.

**EDIT:** To clarify, I am not a Hanzo main or apologist (Scatter build is broken AF). He's just been one of the assassins that I really enjoy playing that is competitive. Former Tychus, Valla, and Spell'jin main.
It is strangely soothing, I'll give you that!
Love it. Okay, adding Brightwing to the list of "must-have" announcers.
That’s an interesting thought re: Umbral Bind. But then it just becomes a weaker version of Warden’s Cage. And I don’t know if Blizzard want an ultimate to essentially just be a better version of an ability the hero already has?
Also a fan. Just barely below the ones I referenced. 
For his Storm Bow build there is undoubtedly skill required. 

Scattershot is just a dumpser fire though. It's really the only thing that feels "broken" for him and it's the easiest part of his kit. There is zero skill cap on jungling with that build. I would be fine with a harsh nerf to the bonus PvE damage talent at 4.
I think the only thing that I would address is his PvE damage buff in the Scatter Shot build. It's really the only thing that feels "broken" for him and it's the easiest part of his kit. There is zero skill cap on jungling with that build.
This. I personally feel that his Scatter Build PvE damage buff talent is really the only "truly broken" thing about his kit at the moment.
Forgot about Brightwing. Love her kill quotes. 

“Chomp, chomp, chomp!”
Winner. Alarak, Gazlowe, Abathur, and Brightwing are the only announcer packs anyone would ever need. 
And Valla with her L20 range talent (gives her a 7.7 AA range).
Valla has a L20 talent, [[Farflight Quiver]], that increases her basic attack range (5.5 base) by 2.2. Meaning she has a 7.7 range overall, which is longer than and Hanzo.

However, that is late game.
Apologies. Let me clarify. Outside of his scatter build (which I admit is stupid), I don’t see anything else that is overtly “broken” about him. And, in the context of this thread, it certainly wouldn’t be his AA range. 

Not looking at pick rates (especially if we are ignoring win rates), there are heroes that are more universally applicable and have more oppressively broken kits that put them in a separate tier (mentally, for me). I think Hanzo is just below those heroes. 

Greymane, Sonya, Blaze, Genji (at high levels), and Tracer (before next week’s nerf) all feel as though they on a higher level of imbalance as far as either being universally applicable or more baseline broken. I would easily prefer to see any of those heroes banned before Hanzo (unless on a PvE / Boss map) and think aspects of those heroes are more in need of more imminent adjustments. 

That said, in a perfect world all balance fixes would occur concurrently and correctly. Hanzo needs to have his Scatter Build tuned down. Yes, he’s a frequent pick, but that’s not how I was considering my definition of tiers (subjective, I know). Sorry if that was confusing or if that ruffled feathers. 
I said he’s not overly oppressive. And that he had low win rates overall. I did not say he wasn’t picked often. I would also not consider him to be in the same tier as others.
I’m not arguing with scatter build being broken. I hate the build myself as someone who plays Hanzo quite a bit. I think it’s silly broken as you described above. 

I just don’t think his AA range is the thing to complain about. And that other heroes are more imminently unhealthy. 

I’m all for hard nerfing that PvE Scatter Damage buff talent. Just don’t screw with the Storm Bow skill shot build. 
Just saying that nobody seems upset about Sonya or Greymane (broadly). Not trying to argue. IMO there are other heroes that are more of a priority. In a perfect world, they would all be fixed at once. 

I’m all for a hard nerf on that Scatter PvE buff talent. His AA range isn’t the issue. 
Yep. Agree on AA comments. Regarding Scatter, I’ll play it if the situation demands, but I just don’t enjoy the playing style of the build. 

Storm Bow build just feels right IMO. And makes you actually feel like a marksman when you play it well. 
So are other heroes. Sonya is far less “balanced” and more oppressive.
I mean, Hanzo is hardly in a place to complain about at the moment. 
He's hardly oppressive at this point, TBH. Not even a "top tier" pick and his win rate is low. His scariest build (IMO) is the Storm Bow Build and that at least requires skill to land damage. As someone who has played Hanzo extensively, it's the only build I feel "good" about (and find the most success with, side note).

I absolutely hate his PvE Scatter Spam build, and his AA build just seems meh in most situations.
I’ve used the talent. Many times. I don’t find it useful for me. Fine if you do. End of debate. 
**Bullet Time** doesn’t give you bonus procs if you take **Ricochet** and the bounce hits another hero, right?
I didn't say I was prioritizing it, I said that the benefits of Bullet Spray (melee range AND AOE) and Ricochet (bounce damage prioritizing heroes) outweighs the nominal healing you get from Leeching Rounds for **my** playing style and preference. The fact that it lets you clear waves is an added bonus, especially in QM where if you solo queue you often get stuck in less-than-ideal roles at times during the match.

To your point about being grouped post-10, for that reason I find that multi-target damage, especially one that prioritizes nearby heroes on a sustained damage basis, is more of a value to me than marginal healing. 

I'm not disputing that, at times, that healing will let you stay in a fight longer. I'm just saying that I find Ricochet with Untouchable stacks to yield objectively better results **for me**.

I'm not debating that you don't get value out of Leeching Rounds. I'm just stating a preference and that I have more success, even sans healer, avoiding that talent.
>when they had a problem with her bombs to often available, esp in the erly stages of the game, while didnt they swap her lvl 1 [[Pulse Strike]] with her lvl 13 [[Bullet Spray]] to reduce the amount of her bombs, but giving her a little bit more wave-clear frome the start

I agree that Pulse Strike is/was silly, as even without it you still get bomb charges super frequently. In fact, I often just go [[Tracer Rounds]] at L1 if I won't be taking Bullet Spray since it allows you to keep pumping out sustained damage on targets even if they run into a bush. 

As far as your suggestion about swapping the two talents, I think you also have to consider the fact that Bullet Spray and Ricochet **need** to be in the same tier and think that offering both at L1 would be too significant without really nerfing her base kit. Keeping those at 13 means she can still focus on sustain over burst beforehand based on talent choices, but just lacks multi-target/AOE damage until later in the game. Which I am okay with.
> And remember, her burst playstyle is getting heavy nerfs. So building her that way might not be the best idea.

I understand the nerfs. Honestly, Bullet Spray for its AOE damage and wave clear alone makes it a viable talent to pick. With the decreased melee damage, sure, you can pass on it. But I would still 100% take Ricochet over Leeching Rounds as it gives higher sustained damage in team fights, increases wave clear, and your ability to contribute to merc camps (especially with AA damage buff and Untouchable).

Even in QM, I've really never picked Leeching Rounds (or Health Pack) unless it was a paranoia pick and still manage to have zero-to-minimal deaths. Not knocking you if you are more comfortable with Leeching as people have different playstyles, just voicing what I have found for my personal experience historically and on a forward-looking basis. 
I find that picking Leeching Rounds just forfeits up too much of power spike when picking it means passing on Bullet Spray or Ricochet for minimal self-heal only upon hitting heroes, myself. :/
Curious to actually try [[Bullet Time]] now. Previously I was 100% [[Jumper]] without a second thought.
> Honestly it's just rewarding for players that are more skilled with her.

This.
While not a "main," Tracer is one of my most-played (and highest WR) ranged assassins in the current meta, behind Hanzo (Storm Bow Build Only, screw PvE Scatter builds). I'm cautiously optimistic about the changes, as I think it's healthier when she has to fear AA assassins but can dance around skillshot-heavy assassins.

Curious if the massive mobility nerfs were TOO heavy, but I actually am looking forward to the focus on sustained damage. I've been more heavily picking Untouchable / Ricochet instead of Parting Gift / Bullet Spray to acclimate myself to "new" Tracer and have still found good success.

I think she'll be more niche, but it doesn't feel as though she's being slapped down quite as hard as Tychus and (to a lesser-degree) Zul'jin were when they crept into the "general assassin" meta historically.
Yep. Gross mount.
Take my upvote.
Any Valla and Zul'jin buffs, no matter how minor, make me a happy, happy man. 
Well, they also buffed the damage output for one of her previously main-squeeze batteries in Valla's multishot!
Valla multishot damage buff in tandem with Auriel buffs overall? This makes me happy.
His reaction when testing it in Try Mode is even better. 
And it's one of his best skins :D
This.
Adjutant announcer ftw! Will be worth adding to my usual rotation (Alarak, Abathur, Gazlowe, Brightwing).
Yep.
> Thanks for doing the written version, I for one enjoy reading and find it way less time consuming than watching videos.

I came here to post the same thing.
Flair does not check out, unfortunately... 
> Tyrande's cleanse effects both stuns and silences, so it will remove taunts.

I remember the moment I first realized this. Mind blown.
> Kael'Thas q can hit all the minions without using your trait. You should be using your trait on w most of the time for the free cast of w. This pokes more, and keeps your mana longer. P.S. convection is bad.

This. So much this.
I hope so...
Nice. Just updated the app on my iPhone X and... it crashes and force quits every time I get to the main screen. Well, then. Guess I’ll check it out when I get back home to my computer. 

**EDIT:** Fixed. Had to go back onto a Wi-Fi network so that it could do the initial "critical game data" download upon opening for the first time post-patch. For some reason it was just crashing when it tried to initiate the via cellular data.
Ah. I suppose I have to update the mobile app before it flows through? Away from my computer.
When does the new card back become usable? 
Sylvanas, Tychus, Valla.

Notably, none of these are heroes I really play consistently any longer... 
This is my preferred build as well. Sylvie was my first hero, first to Master pre-2.0, and a favorite to this day. :)

Someone in this thread posted a GIF of it happening to Greymane. So I think the “hit upon charge completion” might be accurate. Fast attack heroes, particularly stream AA like Tass/Tracer/etc., just have a higher chance of hitting at  that exact moment to proc the bug. 

https://twitter.com/darkmok3/status/971804269388222464?s=21
Ah, so is the theory about it only occurring when someone lands an AA **right** when a Tough as Nails charge is accrued still in the running? Only ask because fast attacks like the ones you mentioned above would have a higher proc frequency if that's the issue as well.
A post above said that it only occurs if the AA lands RIGHT WHEN Sonya accrues a block charge. If that is indeed the case, if you attack three times per second, there is a higher chance that your attack will coincide with the moment a block charge refreshes than if you attack once per second. Assuming you are constantly engaged/have AA “up time” on her in your 1v1 or team fight. 
So it requires landing an AA right when her Block equivalent stock refreshes, meaning that high AA-rate heroes will more often proc the bug. Rendering Sonya’s Block brokenly effective against the heroes that are supposed to counter it. WTF Blizzard. 
Has it been confirmed if this is just a Try Mode bug, or if it occurs under certain circumstances (hitting Sonya as she simultaneously accrues a charge), or just against certain heroes?
One can find beauty in one's own death.
I *typically* play sustained DPS, so if I get MVP I'll (assuming they were also up for an award) either vote for my tank or support depending on who made my life easier.

Make it feel all the better when people return the favor when I end up playing Support (my secondary preference). Other than that, I prefer Solo-laner/Bruiser. I can tank, but I'm just not ideal in that position.
My Tychus says hello. And my Zul'jin. :(
Welcome to reddit?
Late-game power spikes in a setting where games tend to end on the earlier side hurt their viability on the pro scene, it seems. I miss my the days of my Amani Warlord being close to generally useful versus niche. :(
Fingers crossed...
Oh, weird. 
For opponents, similar to Kael’thas’ **Convection** stacks, or just for teammates? I would assume the former. 
So it only works with Quick cast turned off (tap Q to start, tap Q again to fire)? Not with quick cast turned on where you have to hold Q and release to fire? Meh.
Are they not detailed by looking at his L1 talent choices?
Same!
Leoric can only use Force Move if he's rocking his Space Lord skin...
Oh, I haven’t been keeping track. Are we set for a minor nerf at this point? -6 HP, maybe?
Admittedly, a lot about Maiev was, in fact, OP. But yeah, that’s just stupid. 
This 100%.
But *WHERE* is the **Bunker** health buff?!?!
Didn't Sylvanas have a reference to killing Greymane's son? My bae is cold.
I still prefer Redemption over Scatter Quest at L1 if I go Scatter Build, but that's just me...
This weekend was pretty brutal on NA West. 
West Coast NA server was like this over the long weekend. Almost unplayable one evening, with my entire team dropping in and out every few minutes and my own connection hitting the "reconnecting" screen every four minutes or so.

Internet connection was functioning at 100% for all other games and purposes... so it wasn't on my end.
Over the long weekend (West NA Server), I noticed that I would constantly get "reconnecting" messages every five or so minutes and my allies were also dropping in and out as well. It seemed better last night, though. Shame if it's acting back up again...
I've also seen it used on PvE (Immortal, Boss) races by streamers that are still otherwise "conservative" Trolls.
>  Amani Rage if you're not building for Guillotine.

I'll still take Amani Range on PvE objective maps like Battlefield of Eternity for additional Immortal racing potential.

100% agree about Voodoo Shuffle otherwise, though! It's certainly underrated.

>  After level 20 you can walk around spamming E, which will also remove roots/slows 

Do feel the need to note that activating E will not just remove roots/slows with Voodoo Shuffle, at it is a separate active talent.
> Tactical use of your Blink Heals is more difficult than it might seem, and sometimes blinking in means one team death quickly becomes two.

This 100%. In the hands of some people, you'll just get more value out of the 5% (and additional 7% at 20) passive buff to BW healing that you get from EW than you'll get from someone who doesn't know when or on whom to use Blink Heals appropriately. 

And then there are comp-related considerations as well in which the passive healing buff may just be easier to provide consistent value based on skill levels involved (front-line heavy team, etc.).
It **does** also passively buff her standard healing output by 5% (and another 7% if you take the L20 talent). So in addition to added utility and damage mitigation, you are also getting more heals. Especially if you have a comp that will end up staying close, it's often a better pick just from a healing standpoint if you aren't going to need blink heal to save someone that is being chased down, etc., and may not need as frequent an escape of your own.

Blink requires more skillful targeting for really effective burst-heal output, whereas you'll passively heal more with EW and have an "oh shit" button to keep people away.
It was REALLY bad for me two days ago. Almost every five minutes it would give me the “reconnecting” message and it appeared to be doing the same to other players. Last night was fine, it seems. Fingers crossed.  
I’ve noticed that over the past few days my usually perfect connection was having a few stutters and mid-game “reconnecting” pop-ups. Saw noticeable amount of this from teammates as well (popping out and then immediately reconnecting). 

Connection was not impacted for any other games or services. As of last night, it appeared to be fixed. 

West Coast NA servers, btw. 
I’ll just add that, in addition to what was said above, I *always* try activate it after landing a [[Grievous Throw]] to get that buff on the following three autos on said target. Really chunks away at an unsuspecting hero in a team fight, even if you need to disable it immediately after, or on a keep/fort. 
Indeed it does. I still generally prefer Q cooldown since it helps with PvE damage, though. 

Lately I’ve been a huge fan at massacre at 7 regardless, though... About 50/50. Especially against mobile heroes with escape abilities where the slow wouldn’t necessarily keep them from getting away. 

Against the same heroes, massacre is great because if you have a nearby minion marked you can use it on said minion to hop in and apply the mark on that hero. 
Honestly, even with only **Die Alone** you’ll still have a nice little tussle against Malthael as Zagara. 
I never realized how much fun **Last Rites** could be!

Seriously, though. That buff to **Die Alone** is just amazing. Think they’ll reduce the damage bonus it provides? :(
As a long-time Zag lover, I would say that Malthael can still really give her problems. Particularly later in the game if he takes **Mortality** since it ignores creep armor. 
Similar. I said that it looked as though he would be a solo lane bully and was told I needed to learn what that definition meant and that he would easily be shut down... 
Makes sense to me.
Glad to see someone else also rates Massacre at 7. I feel as though a lot of guides write it off but it really does add a lot of utility and honestly just feels great.

13 is situational for me.

I would also say that Mortality at 16 can be great against beefier heroes, especially with Massacre at 7.
As far as I’ve seen, Tracer’s **Recall** still appears to remove them. But I could be mistaken. Haven’t played her in a day or two. 
Well, they reduced his range a bit too much IMO. 

Plus, killing the synergy between **In the Rhythm** and **That’s the Stuff** was huge. 
Give my boy back at least some of his range. I’ll take 0.5...
I came here to post the same thing!
Ah, I think I confused someone else’s post with yours. I generally spam-click unless I am playing Tracer, Brightwing, or Lúcio. 
So do you stutter step by spamming the A button while holding right click? That sounds... even worse. Seems like you would just have erratic movement while trying to stutter step that way.
This.
I would like to know this as well!
It’s just a refreshing deck to play. Both the Barnes/Y’Shaarj variant and the  legit no-minion variant. 
I have regulars of both. I just love the deck and had the good fortune of opening a golden patches from a random pack just before he was nerfed. 
I'm debating between crafting a golden Rhok'delar or a golden Deathstalker Rexxar... LOVE spell hunter at the moment and am sitting on a lot of dust from cashing in on a golden Patches.
Honestly, if you use it on turn 8 or 9 you should be fine. So many low-cost hunter spells...

I'm actually debating whether or not to craft a golden Rhok'delar or Deathknight Rexxar. I'm sitting on a lot of extra dust after cashing in on a golden patches. 
To be honest, I have actually almost exclusively been playing Spell Hunter and no-pirate Miracle Rogue on the ladder since the patches nerf (just to mix things up and relax). Both have been surprisingly effective through rank 10. TBD if they’ll get me to 5.

Was running the Barnes/Y’Shaarj variant at first but ultimately decided to just go full spell. Rhok’delar is just too fun. 
Happens to me with Spotify, Apple Music, and Google Play Music on 11.2.5... Though only occasionally. 
Motion to give my boy Tychus back 0.5 range... and his cigar. Daddy like...
E.T.C, Diablo, Anub'arak for tanks.

Brightwing, Lucio, Li Li, Stukov for support.
But they gave her armor against all damage sources, not just physical armor...
Which L13 talent are you favoring at the moment if not **Inevitable End**? Still **Ethereal Existence**? Or **Soul Siphon**?
Good to know!
I see **Last Rites** as more being useful on the solo lane to clinch kills rather than team fights. I just don’t see **Tormented Souls** being great without armor since you can spread your trait just fine now. TS is just a big “focus me” sign now and the lack of the added survivability it used to give means you just die. Could be wrong, though. 

I’m intrigued by **Inevitable End** with an increased solo/split focus as well. 

Also, **Soul Collector** plus **Die Alone** in a 1v1 or solo lane now? YES PLZ. 
Between **Die Alone** buff and the fact that you have more room to pick **Last Rites**,  I would actually assume that Malthael is better in the solo lane and split pushing now but worse in team fight situations with the changes to **Tormented Souls** reducing his survivability on that end.
I agree with **Dragon Hungers** assuming **Sharpened Arrowheads** really doesn't feel great without **Redemption** now, though DH never felt great to me without **Piercing Arrows** since it requires a direct hit (not explosion damage). 

For me, **Flawless Technique** became a preferred pick only when paired with **Sharpened Arrowheads.** Without that, I'd probably just always go Piercing with Full-Q / Dragon Hungers. Double explosions in minion waves / shrines is fantastic.

This does motivate me to really make an effort to fool around with Redemption more often, though.
With Hanzo's changes, specifically, the more gradual nature of his stacked armor shred and its lower duration, is **Sharpened Arrowheads** still the go-to talent for his full-Q build? Or is it really only super effective with a Redemption build?

Haven't had a chance to do any testing (been traveling), so insight would be lovely.
With Hanzo's changes, specifically, the more gradual nature of his stacked armor shred and its lower duration, is **Sharpened Arrowheads** still the go-to talent for his Q build? Or more AA/Redemption build?

Haven't had a chance to do any testing (been traveling), so insight would be lovely.
I'd rather let them have Hanzo and then draft Tracer against him than use up my first ban on him, in all honesty (assuming I am early in the draft and can potentially pick him myself)...
Side note: For previously-purchased songs (in my case, dating from 2004 onward) that are not available via subscription streaming, etc., Apple really needs to fix the iTunes store interface on iOS as far as going through purchases to download onto your device. No sorting, no searching... you literally have to scroll to find the individual album by artist, etc.
Get Album Artwork has led to horrific results for me at times. Particularly when artists have the same / similar names or albums have titles such as "Greatest Hits," etc. Almost comical sometimes, haha.
Are you talking about the Matching System? That's not the same as uploading your own MP3 to be available on any computer to which you can log in, and doesn't really work for one-off remixes not otherwise available on their platform. Or am I missing something?

Edit: I'll try the upload to Apple Music, though for some reason I recall having issues when I previously tried. I realize now it is a separate product (iCloud Music) versus baked into the Apple Music sub?
I use Spotify’s desktop app as well. I was more referencing the fact that they both have web interfaces as pluses since they can be accessed on any computer. 🙂
Google Play Music allows you to upload up to 20,000 of your own songs to the Google cloud to be accessed on any device or computer. Might be in line with what you need (also comes with free YT Red so no more ads on YouTube). 

I use GPM (Grandfathered $8 sub rate) and Spotify. Originally GPM and Apple Music but just didn't end up liking Apple's interface along with a few other issues.
I've tried a few times, but continue to be annoyed with some of the interface issues, multi-device playback and controls, music collection bugs (some prior albums purchased show double track listings no matter how many times I delete / remove the second instance...).

Spotify has the multi-device playback / control aspect done in spades. I prefer Google Play Music's web interface to Spotify and it lets you upload 20,000 of your songs to Google's cloud for free. Recommended music on Spotify and Google Play music is much more diverse and effective for me (IMO), even after using Apple Music for over a year.

Also, for someone who is otherwise pretty heavy on Apple products, I consistently get frustrated when I make a playlist on one device (iPhone) and then the songs are in a completely different order when I access that same playlist from my computer or iPad. Or items where pre-release album songs not being able to play on your playlists after the album is fully released unless you go back, remove it from your library, and then re-add it after the release date (not sure if this is still an issue).

Apple Music is fine... it's just a bit inferior to alternatives for the time being (in my experience). And some of the issues, ui errors, etc., that I face consistently feel shocking coming from Apple. Apple Radio feels poorly implemented by comparison from a usability standpoint.

Again, these are all my opinion and you are completely entitled to your own.
Was gutted the other night when I noticed this. It would look SO GOOD with Zul'jin's new skin...
It's great for certain heroes, without a doubt. But overall, I've always preferred multi-clicking. 
Agreed. More gradual stacking on his armor reduction with a lower duration rewards those skilled at getting those stacks while also immediately making his spell power Q talent more viable if you need to poke more conservatively.
A proud slug would have more appropriate flair. 😬
Multi-device playback control and management is just much better on Spotify. With Apple Music, I will make a play list on my phone and the songs will be in a completely different order on my computer, iPad, etc.

As a long-time Apple user, I still rate Apple Music below Spotify AND Google Play Music.
Same thing as far as typing a double dash/hyphen ("-") to get an en or em dash (depending on if it is next to numbers or text). Works in every app except for Messages at the moment.
I am 100% okay with every one of these changes.
With [[Serrated Arrows]] at 4 and [[Never Outmatched]] at 6, he can easily solo-shred through a merc camp very, very quickly.

Add in [[Piercing Arrows]] at 16, and he's all but one-shotting merc camps and can take a boss with just one tank (to take hits) super, super quickly.
Once or twice. Honestly, fully-stacked Redemption is more fear-inducing. But they are taking a gamble on that since once you kill them (or if they die otherwise), it becomes a useless talent until they re-stack and without it they are kind of a sitting duck against you. Melee/bomb and either following up with AA or, if necessary, recall with parting gift, just eats him alive quite fast. 

At the pro level or against in really high ranks of HL with a coordinated team, I can see Ignore Distractions as a counter tactic working. 

But overall I feel going early AA build gives up some pretty strong talents otherwise, particularly at L4. And in general seeing a Hanzo go Redemption at L1 (when your team has dive/burst) just puts a bigger target on his chest during early skirmishes to hobble him from the get-go. 
Hanzo wrecks if he can land his skill shots untouched from a safe distance, and does particularly well against frontline-heavy compositions.  That being said dive heroes can destroy him (while I love playing as Hanzo, I loooove that an opponent's drafting him lets me break out Tracer), and displacement / pull heroes like Stitches can just screw him over big time.

I think he needs some tuning to a few problem talents (would still lower the cap on his armor reduction to 15, and would DEFINITELY lower the PvE scatter damage to only a 100% buff), but don't think he needs to be super overhauled.
Do you mind providing the wallpaper? Always on the hunt for nice simple gradient/blur backdrops!
I still think he needs .5 additional range...
Amazing that this isn’t clearly communicated anywhere. Even in searches on Reddit, Apple’s site, or tech blogs the only option that came up outside of fully disabling it was the power/volume-down buttons for three seconds...

This is seriously huge for me. Thanks again. 
Thank you, kind sir!
I don't think I've ever actually enabled the Significant Locations (or Frequent Locations in prior versions of iOS). Is there actually any benefit for doing so other than automated traffic updates? 

It says it impacts Photos in the menu--so I'm guessing this may just be for "more accurate" location tagging for pictures? Given that your significant locations don't appear to be accurate... guessing it may not work all that well in practice?
Isn’t there also an optional feature where after syncing, it uploads embedded images, movies, etc., and removes them from your device to save space? Can you have it only show conversations or messages within X days or so?

Not that I’m worried about space, but I hate having older conversations on my device (just like to have recent/ongoing threads) so I end up just deleting them every day or so. Would be nice to have the option to set it so that it only shows messages from the past few days and then archives older ones (which would be accessible by clicking “view more” at the top of a message thread).
Generally always on silent, but...

Call Tone: Peter and the Wolf (inspired by Bladerunner 2049, what can I say? I have the actual Wallace Corporation tone as in the movie, but prefer the regular song)

Text Tone: “Input” from the standard selection. 
"A bit worse" is a **bit** of an understatement.
Better to have complaints at which one can roll his/her eyes, instead of having constant commiseration threads about all of the **100% valid** complaints about glitches/inconsistencies/broken features impacting user interface, applications, and other aspects of the OS.
I'm 100% okay with this. Assuming they also address the terrible way in which notifications are currently handled.
Especially after an initial stun via Hanzo's Dragon Arrow.
Seriously...
Came here to say this as well.
You are a true gentleman!
It would not be a permanent buff, as the talent explicitly says it requires **more than 15 armor**. If your baseline is 15, you still need to gain armor for it to proc. 

Were you not factoring the "greater than" wording in your initial test/assessment? If not, can you see if the bonus procs for any armor increase over her baseline armor?
I’m considering his matchups against popular solo laners (Sonya, Thrall, Greymane, Ragnaros, Leo, etc.). Yes, a lot of ranged and AA heroes can kill or gank him easily, and I would never pick him into a Tracer, etc., but against the above-referenced heroes you’ll see him do a bit better. 
I love that they moved [[Massacre]] to 7.
I agree here. 
Between cleave on AA, wider E, and moving his W area-of-effect trait application talent to 7, it seems it may not be as difficult as it may seem at first to keep trait up in team fights pre-10...

But the removal of armor on TS? Yikes.
I think these may actually be net positive changes. The change to Die Alone and the fact that he can so easily spread his trait now mean he'll be a bit more of an early-game solo lane bully.
Being able to spread his trait more easily without his ultimate and the changes to his L4 talent Die Alone will make him much more of an early-game solo lane bully! Love it.
Day one purchase, for sure. 
Tychus got more than a "nerf their numbers" hit. They removed way too much of his range and then made it so that two of his popular talents choice now have anti-synergy (**In the Rhythm** and **That's the Stuff**) by making his mini-gun heal happen after the trait finishes (at least give us the option to end it early!!)...

Yes, he was too good against non-tanks, but they could have addressed that without completely f'ing over his range so that he can't even hit tanks without being inside their engage ability range...
Before his overly harsh mage build nerfs (at least, overly harsh without some AA build buffs), he was almost cracking into a less of a niche role for ranged AA. 

I would have 100% welcomed this, since I've always loved his kit and have longed for someone to mix up GM's ranged AA ubiquity (outside of Valla in the double support meta). I've also adored him since Warcraft / WoW... 

And before that, my love for Tychus had me soaring high when he became broadly viable. And then got nerfed to high hell so that he was only niche again... And even now still needs a range buff.

At least now we have Hanzo, and I just pray that they can tune him down a bit more without removing the "generally useful/ effective" nature kit (why can only GM have this?!). Heck, I would even go so far as to knock down **Serrated Arrows** to a 125% or 100% PvE bonus. 
It’s honestly the sub-par interface, poor multi-device playback control, and the continuous glitches and other issues that prevent me from switching. 😕
This.
Winner.
I’m honestly more intrigued by the Google Home Max than the HomePod, surprisingly. 
100% yes. Shocked it hasn't been implemented yet.
Sound quality trumps convenience, yet you would switch to Apple Music which streams at a lower bitrate (256 kbps) than Spotify or Google Play (320 kbps)?

Granted, not super noticeable. As someone who has gone back and forth between Spotify and Apple Music, while always having a Google Play subscription (grandfathered $7.99 rate, free YouTube Red, free upload of up to 20,000 of my songs to the Google cloud for access anywhere), I'm still relatively disappointed with Apple Music.

Multi-device usability, glitches and other issues pertaining to library and playlist organization, and other issues just stick out like a sore thumb with Apple Music. Spotify just seems to work more seamlessly in those areas.
Finally... back to the way it was before the nonsensical move not to show that information.
As a former Zag player who hasn't played her in ages, this was super helpful. The comments about the increased utility of **Infest** after the recent gameplay changes, in particular.
Not to mention that he also received a 20% nerf to his powerful armor reduction talent at L7.
Don't even get me started. I miss my Zul'jin and Tychus.
Some people won't be happy until he is nerfed to unplayable. 
This!
Get out of here with your logic and reason. ;)
Yep!
Or the curved "horns" on Maiev's pauldrons? 
> 8 second cooldown

What?

This.
More dive than "ranged," but Genji and Tracer are quite effective. As someone who plays Hanzo and Tracer pretty extensively, I'm super confident if I can draft her against a Hanzo. Admittedly, with Redemption stacked if you aren't great at evading his skillshots there is a high chance that with the faster AAs he'll maybe delete you just before you get him (assuming both starting around full health), but I'm generally confident there barring someone locking me down in which case I would be dead anyway. 

Greymane can often be a 50/50... But yeah, with Redemption stacks he'll struggle.
> Try giving Tychus +.5 range for example

Yes 100%. As someone who used to be a Tychus main from the get-go, his harsh nerf after his first rework made him a bit *too* viable still haunts me to this day. PLEASE give him some of that range back. :)
> Any idea what I’m doing wrong?

Playing QM. All jokes aside, QM will always have a higher concentration of people playing pubstomp heroes so you'll often find yourself squaring off against stealthies and dive heroes that counter Hanzo without having a proper frontline. Not saying you can't do well with Hanzo in QM, just that you are often leaving it up to chance a bit given how badly he can be punished by dive without a proper front line. Tracer, for example, seems super popular in QM.

I'd wager you'll find more success (particularly with Q build) in Unranked.

Sure do!

[Rusted Tint](https://imgur.com/gallery/P8hDi) 
Given the number of different “Mecha” character portraits they added, I’m crossing my fingers that we see a few other characters (IIRC, they have Mecha Zul’jin, Zagara, Malthael, Samuro, Kerrigan, Zeratul, one of the pandas, etc.) get similar skins shortly!
The main reason I cannot bring myself to ever use the otherwise awesome black/pink Probius skins.
I’m personally a big fan of the upcoming rusted variant. 
Do all of the Mecha Abathur skins have matching abilities? I haven't had a chance to test all of them just yet!
I honestly prefer Bullet Spray in nearly all situations, Untouchable or not. The immediate wave clear and straight-up easy burst when diving into a clump outweighs the benefits of Ricochet most of the time. Plus, you never have to deal with diving to an enemy only to have your melee hit a nearby minion instead of the desired target. 

I’ve taken Ricochet occasionally, and found it useful. But I’m just more a fan of Bullet Spray. 

I agree with your comments about Parting Gift. Depending on the team comp and how much lockdown and burst they have, I’ll make a game-time decision. 
I suppose it depends, but I generally clinch kills with the bomb (always take additional single-target damage at 10) and let the parting gift bombs hopefully hit nearby enemies. The W cooldown reduction all but makes this a mandatory talent IMO, especially if you take [[Bullet Spray]] at 13. 

Although, to be honest, while Parting Gift used to be my go-to talent, I’ve recently started favoring [[Untouchable]] unless I’m worried I might have frequent deaths. I don’t always find Parting Gift’s bombs to be super reliable, even if they do occasionally clinch kills for me. 
I thought that was the case. I read that it wasn’t displaying correctly (but functioning fine) in a thread earlier and assumed it was a new bug. My mistake. 
Yep!
Because the L20 Tracer talent he refers to, [[Get Stuffed!]], makes it so that using your Melee ability (W) on an enemy stuck by your Plasma Bomb (R) causes the bomb to instantly explode and knock the target away.

If you hit W *before* R, then you are hitting them with Melee before there is a Plasma Bomb "stuck" to them... So the bomb will not explode instantly.
Though for the insta-damage at 20 you need to hit R-W-E, not W-R-E. ;)
> I have heard in a few threads that it is bugged and sets the targets armor to zero /and/ subtracts 5, so if true it is mega overpowered against armored targets

That is false. Visually, the modifier simply does not reflect baseline armor (or Garrosh trait armor). So people assumed that the -25 meant an absolute value versus subtracting 25 from that character's baseline armor (Arthas, Garrosh trait armor, etc.). 
Perception of it being insecure doesn’t mean that it is. Though, admittedly I’m no expert. Obviously it won’t just roll out until the “general” public accepts it, but it’s just surprising how much of a lag that can lead to before things are widely adopted here. 

The fact that in every single location I was in throughout Sydney and surrounding cities, their first instinct when you hand them a card is to use the tap-to-pay / contactless reader means that it’s something people are broadly willing to become comfortable with from a security standpoint. After realizing that my American card didn’t have that capability, they would even get confused when it then request signature verification after processing via the chip slot. 

Though I guess on our end the roll-out would have to consider more rural areas (admittedly, even smaller towns in AUS seemed to use the system) where people might be more resistant to change and they don’t the want different systems for different regions?

Anyhow, I’ll just be happy if Apple Pay becomes more prevalent here in SF. I don’t care if it’s via card or phone, the contactless payment systems are just so much quicker. 
Heck, in the USA we still don't even have the removable "remote" card scanners that waiters bring to your table / bartenders bring to you like you guys do in Canada (was in Vancouver earlier this year)... They still take the card from you back to a stationary computer reader like savages. Even in Silicon Valley.
Not surprising. The Asia Pacific region was one of the quickest to adopt chip and, more recently, the contactless payWave and "tap to pay" chips on cards in general. The USA banks, etc., lag behind as far as the implementation of card-related technology, it seems. We got the chip verification YEARS after I first saw it in Europe, etc.
But it's not faster than the contactless payWave or Tap & Pay chips they have on the credit cards that they use in major European cities and the Asia Pacific region... in Australia they are particularly ubiquitous. I'm actually rather shocked that those aren't even around in the USA yet.

In every single restaurant, store, etc., that I recently went to in Australia (Sydney and nearby cities), whenever I payed by card they initially tried to tap it before looking puzzled and then inserting it into the chip reader slot. It's essentially the inverse of what you deal with in the states (I'm in SF) when you try to pay with Apple Pay at certain stores and they stare at you confused.
Now hopefully they will start rolling out the contactless chip cards that have become ubiquitous in major Euro cities, Australia, and the rest of the Asia Pacific. We were only 5–10 years behind in getting chip cards in the U.S....
Thank you. I've only played as Blaze once or twice, but was curious about that sound the whole time... 
Agree that it isn’t as ridiculous as it seems at first sight. Plus, it requires a direct hit so explosions from the Q talent at 4 don’t apply it. I’m just assuming it will be targeted in a nerf because of the rampant complaints about it here. I wouldn’t want to see it switched to physical armor. 

The appeal of the dragon hungers is that it lasts 10 seconds so it is easier to stack as it is more forgiving if you miss one than the 4 seconds of Sharpened Arrowheads. Great if you find yourself in a poke battle outside of team fights. 
Or is it healthy for the game to have a few general heroes that people can use since you have to buy each hero individually? Not everyone playing Heroes of the Storm owns all heroes like the posters in this subreddit. Without a few general heroes the grind from scratch while you learn the game becomes far more daunting. 

Don’t know what to tell you. Clearly I’m not changing your mind, but if you expect every hero to be niche you need at least enough heroes of a similar niche to completely prevent 100% match-deciding draft bans. And you make the game completely inaccessible to new players as it requires owning even more heroes to be able to play at least somewhat competitively (let alone learning mechanics) so a higher buy-in cost. Which means fewer new players and less money for Blizzard. 
I can be a little nervous as Tracer when going against a Hanzo with fully-stacked [[Redemption]], though. I'll admit that.
If you don't have some "generalist" heroes in each category, then you run the risk of team composition and ineffective drafts (not every player is GM-level or up on the current meta) deciding matches before they start more so than would be healthy. And you make it far more difficult on "beginners" (yes, we were all there at some point). They will not ever decide to make heroes like Greymane or Valla niche, that's a guarantee. 

They can tone down the "offensive" parts of Hanzo without taking away his ability to be built into different fits. As I said, reduce talented PvE damage buff and armor reduction caps to start. No need to get salty or angry over this.
Let's not put Hanzo and Valeera into the same category... Point-and-click stealth delete / oppressive non-skill silence is not the same as skill-shot heavy burst and sustain.

As someone who was looking for more DPS players to rotate between generally (not just niche circumstances) and seeing Tychus nerfed to holy hell a few years back and then Zul'jin slapped back down once he started to surface... It was nice to see Hanzo come into the fray. Nerf Serrated Arrows a bit (125% to start?) and the cap on Sharpened Arrowheads (maybe to 20?) and see how that works. Nothing massive, please.
At higher levels of ranked play, I believe so. I'm assuming they also consider ban rates in conjunction with win rates.
I said they can make nerfs to his PvE buff talent and his armor reduction talent. I'm not opposed to those (specifically the Serrated Arrows reduction), but don't want any massive, sweeping nerfs.

Again, if you go full PvE Scatter you are all but giving up "safe ranged burst" that you get from the Q build until L16 with Piercing Arrows or happen to be fighting against someone in a small confined space with lots of nearby terrain on all sides.

I'm far from a Hanzo main, but it is admittedly refreshing to not always have to default to one of three DPS characters (some of which have nearly zero build diversity at higher levels) in the majority of ranked matches without getting flamed. He needs tuning, but he's not egregious like other heroes have been in the past. And, as I mentioned, he can be countered.

Also, I still want justice for my boys Zul'jin and Tychus. Would prefer not to see that happen to Hanzo. :(
Someone tell that to E.T.C., Greymane, etc.

They purposely turned E.T.C. into a very effective “general” tank. 

They said they don’t want heroes to excel at every aspect of the game simultaneously. That’s different from having a few heroes with flexible talent choices that could make them viable in nearly any team comp. 

Hanzo isn’t getting his ridiculous PvE melt AND armor reduction / wave clear in the same builds. And he definitely has effective counters. 

I’ll admit that they can reduced serrated arrows’ PvE buff and maybe the cap of his armor reduction stacks for Sharpened Arrowheads to 20, but he’s definitely not deserving of a sweeping nerf like they did to Tychus a year or two ago. 
This!
I hope they don't do any sweeping nerfs. Maybe lower the cap of Sharpened Arrowheads to 20 armor reduction and Serrated Arrows to 125% more damage vs. minions, monsters, and mercenaries.

I like having another ranged DPS that I can pick in many situations, as Greymane and Valla can start to feel stale after a while. GM especially, given that I really don't feel as much viable build diversity with him.
Well, they did say they wanted to have some heroes that were good in all circumstances... Greymane, Valla, etc. Nice to add another one, IMHO. 

I can definitely see them reducing serrated arrows to maybe a 125% bonus and lowering the armor reduction Storm Bow talent to a 20 max cap...
> Also, he's SO squishy -- [[Pyroblast]] can almost one-shot him -- it's not like there aren't options to handle him.

This. I absolutely love playing as Hanzo, but in situations where I go against him I feel pretty confident if I (or a good teammate) can draft a counter pick like Tracer, etc., especially with some good CC in our comp.
This.
I can see them lowering the cap on Sharpened Arrows by a bit, but hopefully not below 20 or 15.

I could see them reduce Serrated Arrows to 125% or so given that's the largest source of complaints I see about him.
> If you don't play enough Alex to justify that cost, then don't buy it.

Yes! Thank you.
I predominantly spam click as well, though I do use hold-to-move for Lúcio, Tracer, and Brightwing (to a lesser degree).
Understandably? Skins have no impact on the game and are purely cosmetic. Blizzard don’t have to provide any free cosmetics. I prefer the money-only purchases I can choose more than ones relying on crafting / Loot box luck. 

It’s in line with other MOBA and F2P practices. Don’t see the big deal here. Blizzard have to make money through the game somehow. 
He shows it off during the clip. [[ Redemption ]] at level 1 followed by scatter shot talents, with [[ Dragon's Arrow ]] at 10, [[ Ninja Assassin ]] at 13, and [[ Piercing Arrows ]] at 16. One of his pretty standard builds.
Only when they looked nice. Too many crappy master skins, though. Ha.
Would be fine if the textures didn't look strangely low-rez when viewing them in the store/queue.
Agreed. I do not understand the complaints.
I have folders in my dock and iOS 11.2.1 still has a bug where if you go to the lock screen with certain wallpapers (mostly those with gradients near the bottom) and then swipe back to home the background colors on the folder get all glitchy until you go to another screen and then back home. It's prevented me from using a number of otherwise nice wallpapers such as this one. Ugh. 

For reference:
https://imgur.com/gallery/xQeUL
> Kind of a shame that the explosion doesn't count, since it's still damage from q.

Agreed. I assume they did this because it would likely be too easy to complete the L1 Q quest if it registered damage from the explosion as a "hit" for quest tracking purposes, but who knows.
In case it’s helpful, here’s a screenshot from a game last night showing an approximate distance at which it works. You just need to not shoot the arrow directly down the center but instead off a bit to the side so you hit a frontline and ranged minion and not the wizard, which can be to close. 

The biggest issue (not really one IMO) is that L1 quest only rewards for direct hero hits but in many cases with the L4 Explosive Shots it’s more effective (clear and damage standpoint) to hit a minion if the hero is standing near a wave. So it’s just managing when to go for a stack versus when you go for AOE. Obviously once you complete the quest you just go for AOE when possible for damage output. I quite like the dynamic. 

[Hanzo Double Explosion](https://imgur.com/gallery/1lXUA) 
It absolutely does if the two minions are spaced out far enough. I JUST played a match with him. 

You don’t get Q quest procs from enemy heroes hit by explosions though. Only direct hits. 
I would make an argument for **Redemption** at L1. Completing the Q1 W quest feels like it can be a bit less reliable to finish than Redemption, and the increased AA speed means you can basically spam scatter constantly once you get the L7 AA CDR. I think that may have overall more value than two more arrows, but your mileage may vary!
No sarcasm at all, but you do know that you're supposed to click where you want to land and not on the wall you want to jump over? You just have to make sure you the spot you click is within the radius of his jump (mouse over his trait may show this) and he's suitably close to terrain.
It can be little difficult to get your stacks, though not more so than the W stacks for the Scattershot L1 talent. Personally, I find it better if you are going full scatter. Once you get to max Redemption you essentially just non-stop throw out your scatter arrows. That and you are getting a nice little DPS increase for your AA cleanup. 
Sometimes I find the scatter talent at 7 is all you need unless you know you will be going hardcore on PvE Objectives or Mercs. Especially once you get the Pierce talent at 16. 

The Q talent at 4 with exploding Qs on minions can be great if you find yourself fighting in lane a lot. Especially when you manage to hit a second minion after the initial pierce. Two explosions!
Oh, I love it as well (though I never take the L1 scatter talent. Always **Target Practice** or **Redemption**. I just feel as though that’s the only part of his kit that could even be considered requiring a nerf. 

I want a baseline Q buff regardless. 
>**Quick Cast:** Fixed a bug causing Heroes to repeatedly cast Mount or other self-cast Abilities if the initial cast was interrupted by issuing another command using Quick Cast On Release. 

>**Quick Cast:** Fixed a bug in which holding right-click to move while attempting to cast Abilities using Quick Cast On Release could interrupt movement or prevent those Abilities from casting. Heroes, Abilities, and Talents

Thank goodness--so I wasn't going crazy!
I still love playing Hanzo (and have done so with good success). I can see them nerfing some of his scattershot PvE dmg (reduce L4 talent DMG bonus, or L7 CDR) and buffing his baseline Q, though...

And that would make me happy.
Oh I agree completely. I’m just hoping Gboard eventually gives you the option to remove or hide certain buttons. 
Just use GIPHY if you are looking for GIF search. I'm also a big fan of Gboard, though not for GIF functionality. I love the gesture-based typing. However, I don't really like how 3rd party keyboards are implemented for the iPhone X. Bothers me having the repeat globe icon in the bottom "home bar" area and taking up space on the keyboard itself. I'm guessing Apple may not let them tweak the button functionality at the bottom, so it's necessary, but still...
Happy with most of these changes. Was hoping my boy Zul'jin might see a minor baseline buff, but alas...
Finally being able to hit the Kerrigan combo after discovering quick cast settings when I first started was a game changer...

Also, discovering that you could turn off Camera Follow (it was initially enabled by default when I started playing) was mindblowing. 
> You can deactivate zombie walls on nazeebo to get trapped allies out.

It's amazing how many of the Zeebo players I've seen recently (always on my team...) don't seem to know this, haha.
Same, though I'm debating going back to Quickcast on Scatter since I've gotten the distance down pretty well...
Getting a killing blow with your slow-moving Sonic Arrow feels pretty darn rewarding as well, haha.
Other than that Zul'jin nerf. :(
A minor setback.
Finally!
I had the same initial reaction and avoided it. The fact that it always gives the mount speed buff actually motivated me to try it out a bit more. Not bad. 
I'm loving Hanzo as well.
I actually never take the scattershot talent at 1. Generally I’ll take Q at 1 unless I don’t think I’ll be able to complete the quest (Abathur, etc.), at which point I’ll take Redemption. 

4 talent varies on whether I’ll be laning more actively or merc / boss battling. 

Generally always take the scatter talent at 7, unless shields. 

At 16 I just love pierce regardless. 
I feel similarly. Q and W builds can provide real value in the correct situations and maps. That Dragonstrike ultimate, though... Just terrible.
Scattershot build on Merc-heavy or "Boss" Objective maps can be insane. BoE, Eternal Shrines, etc., Garden of Terror... he can just shred through them.
On release.
Lately, I'm just drawn to playing Hanzo, Genji, and Brightwing. 
TIL about the arrowhead icons. Only played two matches as Hanzo thus far. Thank you.
I would like to know this as well. 
> Trikslyr ended last season in diamond. Went 4-6 in placements and got masters 1000.

I came here to post the same thing... Pedantic us.
Even after the update was fully downloaded (which was very fast)? 
Why does a 65MB patch spend five minutes or so in the "Preparing Update" phase post-download? Ha.
Subtract three points if his response is "Nova."
The difference being that there is a $60 upfront cost to play Destiny 2 so it seemed more outrageous to charge for something as minor as skin tints. For a free-to-play game, I don't see this as being much of an issue. But that's just my opinion.
I agree, 100%.
This.
Was hoping for Zul'jin to get some love with a baseline AA buff or some partially-reverted mage talent nerfs after the prior balance patch's harsh nerfbat slap... Alas, my Troll prince is still hurting.
I added one of the “cool” color filters to give the background a bit of a blue tint since I don’t like full black wallpapers. Used it for a bit yesterday but ultimately found that the difference in thickness between the border and interface fonts triggered my OCD. 

I’ve reverted to using a simple solid green/gray wallpaper...

For reference...

[Home Screens](https://imgur.com/gallery/10Eye) 
Win.
That's a mock-up image, not a screenshot.
I’ll probably get them, mainly because I’m biased and have a soft spot for Farstriders. Ran a few hunters in WoW back in the day, and one of my mains was a blood elf. 
Hopefully not with her rework, eh?
> If a player picks a Genji/Tracer into an enemy BW he/she's probably a masochist

100% confirmed if that Genji picks his Dragon Blade ultimate.
> Reliable damage dealers like **Zuljin**, Greymane, Valla(kinda)

Zul'jin :(
This.
I don't mind gem-only bundles. I just think those Alexstrasza skins are hideous... 
Is that "Spicy Orange"? Actually looks good in person / in that photo, then. The website makes it looks hideous, IMO. 

Random question, as I have only used their leather case, but thinking of getting a silicone one for traveling to more "wet" locations. Is the silicone case the same thickness as the leather case, or a little bit thicker? My friend has one and it seems a bit bulkier than the leather one on my phone, though it might just be my mind playing tricks on me due to the stickier texture?
Same. Love it thus far.
Exactly. How dare us want to mix up our Ranged AA DPS picks...
They need to give his AA kit some minor baseline buffs if they want it to be competitive, as they appear to consider that to be the primary way he “should” be played. 

The mage build nerfs just made it as “bad” as the AA ones, which is never the optimal solution. Mage build can still be played well, but with the damage reduction and removal of 20% spell damage buff, lower Guillotine damage, etc., his “impact” has been reduced to the point where other heroes can just make things blow up better whereas before he was more unique, rewarding to play, and felt good. 

He wasn’t even a top tier assassin, so it’s particularly frustrating for me to see Blizz do him so bad with this round of nerfs. I’m hoping this was phase one and that next week we’ll see some baseline buffs or partial nerf reversals. But... I’m not holding my breath. 
Too soon. :(
I mean, any without reflective/mirror lenses should work with "require attention" turned on in Face ID settings.

Those with mirror lenses or completely opaque lenses (tested with a pair of Ray Bans) will work if you turn off "require attention." It's a minor annoyance, since I prefer to have it enabled. So for now when I wear those I just lift them up whenever I want to unlock my phone. Meh.
100% this.
Yep.
That and how easily you can manage music playing on another device when on the same wifi network (TV, Speaker, Phone, etc.) seamlessly with Spotify.
I wholeheartedly agree. I’ve always loved playing Zul’jin for fun even when he was not super tuned. Having him finally bring something to the table with the mage build was such a breath of fresh air, as I loved his W ability and the chance to be rewarded for using to well felt quite fantastic. 

I’d honestly prefer they reverse or reduce some of the W talent nerfs, but it feels more as though if they do anything it will be baseline buffs to aspects of his AA build. Which I’d obviously welcome over nothing at all, but... sad week for Zul’jin fans overall. 
> Movespeed on Q is his highest winrate talent from 1-13. Think about that. A fucking movespeed buff.

I agree with you. I've only taken the Q talents on Battlefield of Eternity or Garden of Terror since I knew I would be able to get the 9 seconds (talented) 85% AA buff on those maps' PvE targets consistently. Didn't particularly enjoy the build, though.

Also, regarding movement speed, are you talking about Eye of Zul'jin? It's been move speed for hitting regular AA against heroes since his rework (6% for 2 seconds, stacks up to 30%). Doesn't require them having an active Q mark now or require hitting an enemy with your Q for the buff...

Also, making No Mercy baseline as it is now would have the unfortunate side effect of making him unable to deal extra damage on vulnerable (negative armor) debuffed enemy heroes. Per my understanding, "ignoring armor" also meant that it ignored the negative armor applied by hunter's mark, etc.

You also have the Voodoo Shuffle choice at 1, which reduces mana cost and cooldown of your E by 40% while also letting you remove a slow or root once every 10 seconds. But yeah, overall agree that his E is underwhelming.
I'm still trying to figure out why there are 3–4 colors that show up on mine that don't have corresponding labels, ha.
> Zul'jin dropping wasn't unpredictable either. Post-rework he's just not a good AA hero, pushing mage'jin down to the level of his AA build to "encourage diversity" was never going to be good for him.

In a perfect world, this was only "step one," and next week will see some baseline buffs to his AA side to even things out a bit...


Zagara, Tychus, Leoric, and now Zul'jin for me...

At least Sylvanas (my original fave) hasn't been wrecked yet, even if she isn't at the heights she felt previously.
> He was my main and I was spamming him and winning a lot of games. I think up to lvl 35 right now. I'm not going to play him until they restore some damage to his W build or buff his AA.

Agree. They need to buff his baseline AA. The changes to Q and Recklessness don't do enough to account for the nerfs to his W talents. Making mage build as "bad" as his AA builds is not a positive change.

That being said, I still love playing as him in general. Just can't justify picking him in ranked modes all that much now. :(
Maybe, but they just made the spell build less effective to be on "par" with the other builds and I don't necessarily feel as though they did enough to really encourage the Q build at all (other than in situations like BoE). Recklessness' juicy 20% AA buff is great but now that it's only active under 50% health certainly promotes berserker playstyle, but I'm not sure if I like it more than the way it was before. Gets me more low-health trades, for sure, but overall I think it just drove me further in the direction of Headhunter.

As someone who loves Zul'jin, I'd maybe like to see maybe a minor baseline buff so he doesn't become niche again. But that's just my bias.
I also use the same build backbone (though sometimes swap out Amani Rage and Guillotine for one of the Regen talents and Taz), with Recklessness a substitute for headhunter if there is someone like Abathur, etc.

I really thought I would favor Recklessness a bit more with the juicy 20% AA buff, but now that it's at 50% HP it just doesn't seem to be as effective when compared to the consistent (upon completion) 10% buff of headhunter with additional range. Not having AA buffs until below 50% seems to lower my overall output, but there have definitely been situations in which it has been a boon (winning in previous "lose" encounters like a chasing Tracer or Illidan)... 

Q build disappoints even with the 9-second duration change, though I've used it with success on maps like Battle of Eternity where you can actually expect to land 9 seconds worth of AA on a single PvE target...
My only real issue with FaceID is that it doesn't work with my reflective/mirror lens sunglasses unless I disable "require attention," which I quite like having enabled for day-to-day use. Lifting my sunglasses every time to unlock, or going into settings and turning off "require attention" when I know there will be longer periods where my sunglasses will be kept on, is a minor annoyance but I can deal with it.

Also re: "attention," I absolutely *LOVE* the feature where if you are getting a phone call or an alarm is going off, the volume for the ringer/alarm is lowered once the phone detects that you are looking at the screen.
I agree when everything is working as intended. However, we don't live in a perfect world and there are tons of apps that frequently need to be closed because they hang, etc. 

For example, sometimes when streaming to a Chromecast via YouTube if you leave the app and then come back some of the video controls (skipping to a specific time) are not responsive. 

Hell, even some of Apple's own proprietary apps have issues. 
You don’t have to install Assistant. All baked into the Google app for the purpose of the keyboard. 

Just hit the dictate button on the Google keyboard. 
Automatic. Same as dictating via keyboard through Siri.  
It’s baked into the main Google app. Total space used is approximately 162 MB per Settings. I would imagine that if you only download the keyboard it would be a decent amount smaller. 
Yes, though it is done via Google Assistant because Apple does not let third-party keyboard apps access Siri. It works, but it's just annoying on Apple's end.
Well, perhaps they felt confident in the buffs but wanted another week testing them with the new gameplay update before it goes live along with the new season?

It would make sense to give us Hanzo a week before the new season starts instead of at the same time... just so people could establish a cursory level of awareness about his kit before placements, etc. (not everyone goes onto the PTR or looks up how those changes are impacting heroes)
This is what I'm hoping for, but I am cautiously optimistic. 
It would be nice to have Hanzo on the live server for a week before the season starts... so fingers crossed.
Or maybe they wanted the PTR to be in line with the live release as they continue to consider tweaks to the gameplay changes? I would imagine they want people to have a week with Hanzo BEFORE the new season starts (next week), no?

I don't completely disagree with you, I'm just being hopeful.
Inbox next, plz.
I think I’m just biased due to nostalgia because I ran a Blood Elf hunter back in the day in WoW...

That being said, I also ran an Undead hunter. And a Goblin one...
Looks like a blood elf (it's a Farstrider skin). Mission accomplished.
Same. T-Mobile, iPhone X, SF.
Same.
Same, but on T-Mobile.
Still not showing up for me. In fact, the toggle in settings completely disappeared. Oh well. 

On T-Mobile, by the way. 
I'm so in for the Farstrider skin...
Rolling out over time. Still waiting for it to be available on my X on the West Coast (SF). I have the option to enable it under settings, but just get an error message that it is unavailable.

**EDIT:** Now it seems the toggle has disappeared from my settings menu.
Same. On the west coast (SF), and still not available.
Yeah, they were idiots. 
It wasn't a first pick, was it? Malthael is still great, though against specific team compositions. Picking him early is just begging to be countered.

If it was a later pick and they still went apeshit? Then, yeah, they are idiots.
Yeah, same thoughts here. As someone who has loved Zul’jin since his debut I’m cautious about any nerfs since he finally found a good spot but think he’ll still be good... Tychus was a historical fave since the beginning, and I still haven’t emotionally recovered from what they did to him once his first rework/buff made him great. Thankfully this isn’t in the same category.

Agree on Q build. Not to mention how much siege / immortal / what not damage he can do over 9 seconds when left unchecked...
Let's wait and see. Just because it won't be super OP anymore does not mean it's dead. In many cases, there was a lot of "overkill" damage so I'm curious to see just how much it will actually hurt him in practice after some obvious adjustments. Obviously it's worse than it was before, but I was just trying to find the silver lining as far as a higher uptime for the baseline spell damage buff.

Remember a few weeks ago when people said Q build Valla was dead after those nerfs? Clearly not the case, as that build is still super effective.

Interested to try out the Q build, and intrigued by the AA build with the increased Recklessness buff at 50%. 
E.T.C. gets matched against semi-supports in QM? TIL.
Tyrande feels oppressive? Cannot tell if sarcasm.
I think that's probably because, based on Li Li's rework notes, their desired role for her was a potential solo support. Her healing output (based on my own experience, so take with a grain of salt) was not really at that level compared even to someone like Brightwing (using as a shoddy analog due to the lack of baseline "targeted" heals). Li Li's healing buffs definitely made sense.
Tyrande, Tassadar, Brightwing, and Alexstrasza are the only supports I enjoy playing myself... Thankfully, BW didn't appear to be hit quite as hard as some of the others.
Cautiously optimistic that the spell build won't be completely destroyed by this. As you said, having 10% spell damage buff up more easily and frequently than the prior 20% buff might actually lead to more consistent spell damage in many situations. The infinite-scaling W is still scary as heck even without the CDR.

The Amani Rage nerf though... :(
Please! Maybe without the low-percentage mount drops, this time? 
I meant get an actual Hermès watch (and the statement was made with some sarcasm, not complete snobbery—I swear). As someone who has an actual Cape Cod watch with a double band, I think it’s a bit tacky that Apple just had them emulate the exact style of the real-life watch. 

I guess given that the Apple Watch is similar in face shape to the historical Hermès watch shape it makes sense, but I just have a bias against the Hermès Apple Watch style being a faux-version of their physical watches. As an aside, someone at the Apple Store actually asked about my watch and said they didn’t realize Hermès made actual watches “meant to look like” the Apple Watch. Face palm central. 

Nothing against the Apple Watch. I think it’s great. I just wish they could have done something a bit more unique with their Hermès partnership than simply making the Apple Watch look like a less-expensive digital version of one of their long-standing, existing products. Then again, that’s probably what the demand was for instead of something more unique. I digress. 

Love Hermès double watch bands in general, though! I have a few for my actual watch. 
No. Get a real Hermes Cape Cod watch.
That Valla skin is up there with the Sylvanas Sugar Plum one! Can’t wait. 
Bravo!
I quite like her Standard skin in the Snowfall tint and the Death, Kaldorei, and Timeless variants of her Dragon Aspect skin. 

The Timeless variant goes well with the gold and white tint of Malthael’s phantom. 

Love the snowfall skin with the white unicorn mount. 
Just... Bravo. 
Awesome. That’s the talent build that I was favoring as well!
Which post-rework Li Li builds are you favoring thus far?
Swiping left-to-right along the bottom to get to the previous app just feels so much better than Force Touching the side of the screen. Love it. 
I find the lack of certain gestures and tap-to-wake to really mess with me whenever I have to use my work phone (6S)... Spoiled by the X.
This.
I have the Pitaka Magcase and it looks absolutely wonderful. Excellent build quality. However, I ended up taking it off for a standard Apple leather case (saddle brown, if you're curious) mainly because I was nervous about the lack of a "lip" to put your phone face-down. At least for the time being, I didn't feel comfortable with a case that thin but it felt super nice.

Side note–it was a pain in the butt to remove. Was nervous I was going to bend my phone trying to undo the two left corners as instructed by the box.
Turning off “Require Attention” worked with my sunglasses in question. Good to know for sunny days, but I think I’ll generally prefer to keep that setting enabled. 
Looks as though someone needs to update to 11.1.1... 
For example, it does not work with my Ray-Bans with reflective and polarized lenses. Works on my other ones, though. 

In fact, with the reflective and polarized lenses it does not even give me the notification (vibration, lock icon wiggle) that it even scanned a face and determined it wasn’t a match.  
Depends on the lenses. 
If your sunglasses’ lenses block IR rays, they won’t work. 
Went with Space Gray and absolutely adore it, but will admit there is some charm to the contrast of the silver. Certainly glad I went with SG, but the almost-white silver does like nice in sunlight for sure. 
Just wanted to give another shout-out to this user for the 6:00 a.m. pro tip. Loving the new phone (notch is still somewhat awkward, but you get used to it), and so glad I didn’t have to wait until December 1–8 to get it. 
I'm picking up my Space Gray 256 GB model by 11:00 a.m. as well!
Nice! Hoping I can get a 256 GB model tomorrow in SF. 
I agree with this.
Ah. I just did my pre-order to outright buy in a single payment. So I'll keep that active until I actually have one reserved for in-store pick-up and/or physically on my person, ha.
Yes, please. Sylvie is and forever will be my bae. 
Fantastic. Thank you for the heads-up! I’ll try tomorrow. 
6:00 a.m. online? Good to know. They told me just to stop by the physical store in the Marina on random mornings to see if they had any new shipments. Will try the 6:00 a.m. online approach. 
If they couldn't figure this out on their own, then... 
Good to know. I'm going to try to hit up one of the local SF stores this weekend since I walk by it every morning. They are perpetually showing "not available for pick-up" on the website, but one of the employees told me they are still getting shipments during the week... 
Meanwhile... nothing in SF. Fingers crossed that I'll get it before my estimated delivery date of December 1. :(
Yep, totally got that and totally agree.
Or the alarms playing the default tone despite being set to a purchased ringtone issue?
Finally.
Seriously. 
Zul'jin has some variety now (in terms of damage sources) with the prominent mage build. Sure, you can counter him with stun and dive, but that can be mitigated if the enemy comp has a proper front line to keep him safe while he tosses those axes. Zul'jin is fast becoming one of my favorite assassins to play at the moment, TBH.

Butcher needs to get into the thick of it in order to do his thing, but can be harshly countered and rendered ineffective by the methods referenced earlier regardless of which heroes are alongside him.
Yeah, it's a game changer. I think the only non-folder items across my home screen and bottom bar are: Phone, Camera, and settings.
I'm just impressed you had the patience to wait for it to get past the "Calculating Category Sizes..." phase in that Settings page. The first time I open that it up, I swear it takes 2+ minutes for the appropriate categories to load on my iPhone 7. And I'm only using about 40 of 128 GB.
And how long did it stay jumbled like this? Ha.
Bravo. 
I was mid-December, now updated to the first week of December. Meh.
Agree 100%.
But she's not getting further range, so...
I agree wholeheartedly. 
My golden Harrison now has a reason to come out of retirement!
Putting this into my "just for the lulz" Thief Rogue deck, for sure.
I love them as well, but they still need to incorporate some more advanced gesture/tap control recognition. Having two possible commands (double tap left ear, double tap right ear) isn't enough. Not sure why they didn't give double and triple tap recognition, etc.

Don't get me wrong, for the most part they are great as daily drivers. I use them nearly all the time unless I'm traveling and then opt for the Solo3 headphones from Beats (I'm spoiled by the W-1 chip...). As an aside, the Solo3 wireless headphones are exceedingly impressive in terms of battery life (40+ hours) and range (300+ feet with W-1).
They can differentiate him by his gear, proportions, posture, effects, etc. 

I get what you are saying, but it’s not as though that rule of thumb should only apply to non-humans in the game. Raynor/Tychus both have similar suits (and gray versus blue-gray isn’t all that differentiated). But you can tell them apart based on their animations, gear, etc. 

To a lesser degree, I’ve seen some people confused between some Tyrande and Sylvanas tints... 

As I said, I don’t completely disagree. But I want that damn tint. 
I think you have to do "I" = "I " (with space)?

Either way, good luck with that! I had that issue earlier, but after disabling the stock keyboard (in favor of GBoard, then Grammarly) out of pure frustration, and then swapping back after a few times the issue went away. Then came back, and then went away on its own again.

I thought I read somewhere that it was an issue with some of the iCloud dictionary/what not sync being borked, which would partially explain why it would appear/disappear on my device without any actual iOS/keyboard updates, but yeah... When it was impacting me it was beyond annoying.
I'm actually quite interested in the change. Don't really play any stealth heroes currently, but at one point really played the hell out of Valeera. Very much looking forward to seeing what they do, particularly with the talent/ability changes to accommodate.
Not what I've read from reviewers I've actually found to be the most trustworthy and thorough (Arstechnica, etc.)...
She was my first hero (now level 31–32), and the first I got to "master" back in the day. I played her almost exclusively when I first signed up for Heroes. Thankfully she's always at least a decent-to-great utility pick.

Tychus was my second hero to Master (now level 30). He has not fared so well...  
Please, please, please. Stop being such sticklers for lore—he already has a Sandfury Troll skin tint as one of his "master" skin shades!
Mine actually just went away after I disabled and re-enabled the standard keyboard a few times in frustration while using alternatives. I wouldn’t say that’s the exact thing that fixed it, since it randomly came back and then went away again. 

Someone in an article said it may have had to do with syncing iCloud / dictionary entries being borked, which would somewhat explain why it seems to randomly appear and then disappear for me? 
As someone who first started playing as Sylvanas, I am overjoyed. 
For sure. On the Apple Store website, it currently quotes shipment times of three-to-four weeks... I'm assuming that would be the same as the December 1–8 delivery date range we're currently getting for our pre-orders.
Same here. Although I initially had an expected delivery date of December 11–18, but it was already knocked down to December 1–8. Fingers crossed it will actually be sooner than that with the production ramp-up!
Congrats. I didn't get my pre-order in until later in the morning on 10/27, so I'm still sitting on a December 11–18 delivery date (bought outright). Oh well.
And now the problem is back. 
It’s the Google keyboard. Comes packed in with the Google app or separately.  I actually adore the swipe/gesture typing on it and hope that Apple steals that for the next iOS keyboard revamp. 
I have no idea what I just did, but between disabling the standard keyboard (was only using Gboard and then the Emoji keyboard) and then subsequently reverting back to enabling the iOS keyboard... the problem appears to have fixed itself. 
Just started happening to me. When I turn off predictive, it still just keeps suggesting it in-line for every app. Switched over to Gboard until this is fixed. 
Just started having this issue as well. Incredibly irritating. Turning off predictive text does not help, as it still pops up as an inline suggestion every time I type the letter "I" in any app. Currently using Gboard to avoid this. 
I 100% agree.
I just want a nice Forsaken banner...
I can sometimes argue for Sylvanas for push objectives and her overall dagger output in team fight maps, though I may be biased because she was my first hero. But, yeah... with double support meta the dagger DOT isn't as useful. I don't take it as Sylvanas' being a weak hero, just that outside of her trait the meta heavily negates her largest damage output. 
You actually don’t have to copy it to your clipboard. Just highlight text in Safari, then hit the share button and it will incorporate the quote into the link preview. 

**Edit:** Images for reference

[Link Quotes](https://imgur.com/gallery/1TaoY) 
#Winner
#NailedIt
Dat Greymane skin!
**Dominance** isn't an *Ability,* but simply a *Talent*.

**Glass Cannon** says Ability Power.
Winner
Yes, I am aware of this but thank you for pointing it out in case others did not! Hence my reference to a “whopping two commands.” 
They were randomly in stock for same day in-store pick-up the day after the iPhone 8 orders went live. My prior order didn’t update (still said Sept 28), so I placed another one and canceled my initial order. Was able to snag them that day. 

Sound quality is pretty good, though I wish the gestures were a bit more advanced that just being able to double tap each earbud for a whopping two commands (seriously, no triple-tap differentiation?). 

Great for daily drivers, though when traveling I prefer the Beats Solo3. I’ve been 100% spoiled by the W1 Chip—and the Beats Solo3 win in the additional range and Battery count by a mile. At home, I still prefer some of my nicer wired headphones as I can be a little picky with sound quality and am always listening to music. 

Definitely recommend the AirPods, and just hope with additional updates they will add more differentiated tap/gesture commands. Using Siri for volume control is just a joke, and I end up just using my phone for that. 

Also a huge fan of the fact that if you take one out of your ear mid-Song, it stops, and when you put it back in it resumes playing. Great for bumping into people when walking around. 

Also a fan that it plays both stereo channels in one ear if you use it only one bud. Good for podcasts or listening to music in one ear at the office. 
Example:

https://www.reddit.com/r/iphone/comments/71m6nh/frustrating_messages_notification_glitch_ugh/
Hopefully this fixes a number of the UI glitches that I've noticed such as notification "preview" windows becoming frozen and stuck in the background of the lock screen / notifications pane until restart, etc....
100% annoyed with this as well.
Yep. Still annoyed AF as that the battery widget doesn't disappear when you disconnect your bluetooth devices like it did in iOS 10. Such a silly oversight. 
I've mainly noticed a lot of frustrating UI bugs. The most annoying being force touch message preview "clearing out" and becoming permanently stuck behind the notification window whenever you pull down until you restart. Mainly happens if you are in the Message app and a message comes in while you are in the notifications pane. Pretty amateur stuff.
This happens when you open a preview of a message sometimes from the lock screen when the Messages app itself is your currently-open app. Also noticed this happened when previewing a message with an effect. 

The preview window box blanks out and becomes a stuck in the background of the notification pane. This persists until you restart the phone. So sloppy. 

Running iOS 11 on an iPhone 7. 
Herpes has *permanent* sustain.
Interesting. I’ll confirm if it does it again on my bus ride home... perhaps it was only the first few times to let me know it was a new feature. 
Pretty much.
Well, yes. And that just compounds the issue as it slows down the back-end indexing, etc., that happens as well. I was thankfully forced to leave my phone charging and locked for a few hours after updating for meetings, and by evening many of the initial quirks I noticed were remedied. Your mileage may vary, though! 
My phone seemed fine by the evening. Then again, I left it plugged in and locked for a good portion of the afternoon post-update since I was in meetings. I can imagine if you are playing around with it nonstop it could take longer since some of the background stuff happens when the phone is charging and locked, I believe? 

If it’s helpful, I’m on an iPhone 7 and am using 31.5 of 128 GB. I’m sure if I had more stuff on my phone the process of “normalization” post-update could have taken longer. I preemptively cleared stored music, messages, etc. 

Also happy to note that in Spotify it initially wouldn’t show the name of the Bluetooth device to which I was linked as it normally does. After leaving the phone to itself for a while this is now remedied. 

Now if only they fix the damn batteries widget so it only shows up when linked to a Bluetooth device like it did previously. Now it’s just a permanent fixture even if nothing is linked when set as a widget. 
It used to have that information in your overall “updates” tab, which listed all the apps for which updates were available. Now it only appears when you go to that individual app page. Seems like an oversight. 
They don't show app update sizes in the App Store anymore? Why not?
Anyone else having the battery widget show up even when you have no bluetooth devices connected? :-/
Isn't that always the case for a day or so after you upgrade as the system is doing a lot of background re-indexing and whatnot?
What, seriously?
FINALLY
More Greymane, please.
I like her AA + Shadowstalk and Owl builds just about equally.
I sometimes go with the wand talent on objective-based maps (if other teammates have CC), mostly for the Blizzard CDR. But yeah, mostly I just take Fingers/Q/Q.

ROFL
Sometimes Abathur just wants to make something nice for him to look at... He deserves it.
Winner.
You'll be able to last longer with practice...
Now can they *please* focus on banners?
Was hoping I could say avatar checks out, but no Anub'arak FTL
I'm actually a huge fan of the changes (Leo is my main warrior)... Taking the wraith walk talents at 13/16 just results in some silly times. Been predominantly playing with McIntyre's build on HeroesHearth, though changing my level 1 healing talent based on the map. Pretty successful thus far.

Definitely changes the way you play him depending on the build, which I'm all for given his play style didn't feel all that diverse previously outside of tech talent choices. But that's just me.
I would imagine the Blizzard CD reduction is equally, if not more, important than the AA damage buff. Admittedly, the AA buff has helped me clinch a noticeable number of kills in my brief play testing...
100% this.
Agree with this. Love that deck.
Same.
This.
Yep!
This 100%.
Looking forward to trying out the Leo changes! My favorite warrior.
YASSSSS
Trying this deck out and am surprised by how much I'm enjoying it (and how effective it appears to be) around Rank 12–10.
My friend and I were hunting Butchers with a Tracer/Johanna combination last night. Really satisfying. 
Base, so no kit-based buffs from talents, traits, etc. Kind of silly. 
The list is before abilities (Greymane Inner Beast), talents, or baseline trait buffs like Tychus' minigun or Zul'jin's reduced health buffs. So it's not considering a fully-stacked Butcher. 
Is this with Inner Beast active? If not, then I think you should probably factor that in?
100% agree. 
You're a madman. 
As long as you stay within my Greymane cocktail splash range, you do you. :)
...
You know which Abathur actually showed up for the inevitable Shrine Slap Fest based on which one took Locust Brood at 16... Ha.
But it lets him do squats all day err'day
No muscle mass if you're a skelly...
Increased gravitational pull in the Nexus compared to Azeroth confirmed as part of the lore. All of the muscular WoW characters are just getting their poor legs smushed from their epic upper bodies. 
Perfect. Thank you!
The alternate scenario being the camp going aggro on Garrosh if he's also in range. Might be a stupid question. 
If Garrosh tosses an opponent onto a boss or merc camp, does it trigger aggro onto the opponent or onto Garrosh?
Well, well, well...
GG
This.
Zerg Anub'arak skin? YASSSSSS.
Love it.
I can't wait for the Garrosh on my team to toss an enemy Malthael into the middle of our team during a skirmish and doom us all.
This. I fall into the same category. What's your "go to" build for her, if you don't mind my asking?

I generally like Pixie Charm > Unstable Anomaly > Mistified/Cleanse > Blink Heal > Shield Dust > Critterize > Storm Shield

I've had success with Unfurling > Manic Pixie > Mistified > Emerald Wind > Shield Dust > Greater Poly > Storm Shield/Revitalizing Mist; however it doesn't feel as "interactive" to me. I really only go this build if the other team has a lot of sustained damage since it doesn't feel as fun to play.

Same.
All I wanted was the Zeebo fix and a Genji dodge nerf. I got both. The feels.
Genji nerf AND they fixed the Nazeebo Voodoo Ritual bug? YASSSSS.
This. 
Srsly. What's with those super-deformed proportions? 
Got it. I haven't actually played Tychus versus D.Va so good to know. 
Mecha transformer Greymane!
Didn't they fix the issue whereby it was preventing % of max health damage? Or were you hitting her with Overkill?
Came here for this.
Same.
The "Pro Quick Builds" on Psionic Storm are my favorite go-to resource, assuming you already know how his abilities work. Click on a hero and then scroll down to "Pro Quick Builds." It shows the most recent favorite builds with variations by pro/streamer.

psionic-storm.com/en/calculateur-de-talents/
Don't forget Tychus and his massive range nerf / That's The Stuff adjustment after his omnipresence at a pro event... 
I see what you did there.

People have already forgotten the non-stop Valeera whine fest?
I mean, we already got that raptor mount...
Walk the walk.
This!!!
Not to mention she has two talents (Harsh Moonlight; Iceblade Arrows) that bring the added benefit of keeping your teammates safer by reducing the damage output of an opponent (or multiple, if you pierce with your owl) during a teamfight.
Thank you, kind sir!
Got mine yesterday! Love it.
Thank you! Interesting that he took the L1 Hunter's Mark talent. The DPS builds I've seen previously all took Lunar Blaze. 
Wonderful! Thank you for the commentary re: the different 7 talents, as well!
What are your preferred talent choices? I was eyeing the "Zeratul" build from McIntyre on Psionic Storm, though potentially with Kaldorei Resistance at 4.
For those of us without access, what's the build?
Same here...
I like to pretend that the Felstalker mount you got for purchase WoW: Legion is a Zergling... But yeah, I agree.
I ordered mine on June 30 and am still waiting for my shipment notification. 
Or perhaps some of the people that were responsible for killing her daughter... like Ellaria and the Sand Snakes? :o
I ordered mine on June 30, still waiting for the shipment notification. Fingers crossed!
Rise of the Dryad?
I actually play her a decent amount in unranked draft to substantial success... though I only pick her if I'm further down in the draft and it makes sense, obviously. Varian is obviously a pain in the ass, though. 
I *love* playing as Tracer against Malthael. So fun.
If I recall correctly, the Malthael patch fixed a similar bug pertaining to ablative armor? This patch fixed it one related her W. I could be wrong, though?
Great against double or AOE support comps in objective-capture maps like Cursed Hollow, I'd presume. Skelly build is fun for the niche maps where you can focus on rotating lanes and/or teamfight near them like Spiders, but I really like the idea of the W and/or W+Scythe combo builds specifically drafted against certain comps. Reward us for intelligent drafts rather than giving us more oppressive "great pick in any situation" heroes. This rework is fine by me.
He's still niche, which I like. Amazing in certain team fight situations against certain comps, but not oppressive against all. Good rework.

At the moment I am quite enjoying the number of opponent Xul players that severely overestimate his sustain and all-encompassing TF potential, as tends to happen with big reworks. I look forward to a few weeks of easy kills, or frustrating throws if one ends up on my team... :D
Seriously. Although I am quite enjoying the number of opponent Xul players that are clearly overestimating his sustain and team-fight capabilities... 
The only acceptable fix would be carrying mecha-Tassadar over your shoulder.
I didn't even know about this until recently... but I was wondering why it seemed so much more difficult to hit 175 stacks by 20...
But if said person has their camera follow setting disabled, why bother forcing it? They already made it so that if camera follow is turned off it won't cut to you when hearthing... this should be the same.
It should be tied to your "Camera Follow" setting, honestly. For those of us that absolutely don't want it to snap back, often because when we know it's about to end we may be looking elsewhere on the map planning, it would be nice to have this option.

If having camera follow disabled means the camera won't snap back when you Hearth, it shouldn't snap back when Rag's trait ends.
Seriously. I'm not a fan of this at all.
People are too soft for their own good most of the time. I was trying to give a new Abathur player tips (where/when to body soak, which talents to pick, why he shouldn't just be spending all game in the Hall of Heroes), particularly explaining why his talent choices weren't optimal for the current map (he went mines and monstrosity on Towers of Doom...). I play that hero often and always appreciate seeing people legit trying to learn him.

His party mates all just flamed me for "toxic shit posting" and told me to STFU because it was "just unranked" and that they reported me. 

Nothing I said could have been taken as being "mean" (everything framed along the lines of "just so you know, this talent may have been a better choice...") unless you have the exceedingly soft skin. The Abathur player himself actually pinged me afterwards thanking me for the advice... 

If I had gotten silenced over that, I would have flipped. Thankfully, nothing came of it but it made me seriously consider being a good Samaritan with new players.
True. But I'm still glad that he was un-silenced.
For new characters and reworks, yes. Xul/Stukov may not have been tweaked that much from the PTR. There weren't any balance changes on the PTR though.

However, it sounds as though they also incorporated some balance changes as well. Thankfully, in the case of Anub.
Thank you for sharing. Hopefully they'll be back up shortly.
Well, it looks as though he was just un-silenced.
Did they disclose the posts that were deemed to have been "toxic" in the first place?
I wholeheartedly agree that he needs new skins, but I disagree with your statement that his current ones are not cool looking. I absolutely love the way the Darkmoon Faire Ringmaster skin looks!
Engaging towers with her E, no less!
Thanks for the heads-up. I ordered mine on June 30 and am eagerly awaiting my shipment notice. I assumed that they wouldn't start sending them out until the sale period ended, though. So no biggie.
I was completely agreeing with you. I realized afterwards that it may have come off as sarcastic, but it wasn't at all!
Problem solved!
Also, can we PLEASE also fix the bullshit bug with her ultimate indicator where it sometimes shows a greyed-out icon instead of the charge % (sometimes leading one to think they have an ult ready when they actually don't)? 

This seems to happen occasionally (I think generally after picking the L10 modifier), and the issue disappears once you do get the ultimate charged and use it... but it's been an issue for ages and can be super frustrating. 
See prior post. It was changed to 30% but the patch notes and tool tips were incorrect, apparently. I defer to the person who posted on this subject previously for a link... but as someone who plays Tracer quite frequently I haven't noticed a difference at all for bullet Spray. Tracer rounds, however...
I wholeheartedly agree.
I go bullet spray 100% of the time, but have found myself really appreciating Focus Fire at 16 lately (particularly for chasing down targets). 

Obviously Locked and Loaded is better in an ideal world, but if you screw up the reload one time over 7 clips you are losing DPS versus if you had unloaded all 7 focus fire clips on the same target with Focus Fire. Yes, that final burst is all in the last bullet, but if you aren't hitting 100% of your LnL procs it is something worth considering.

Obviously, if you are not focusing specific targets this doesn't apply. 

I agree that I would always take LnL over Sleight of Hand, as you only need to hit 50% of your LnL procs to surpass the benefit.
This.
I logged in to make a similar comment...
Steven, Cib, James.
Same!
Necromancer, then Demon Hunter.
No longer heal on summon. Heal per skeleton basic attack. 
You mean the ability for them to lumber away from the lane towards a single focused target hit by E assuming they aren't killed on the way or take longer than their duration to get there? Not sure how much value that will give if you are relying on it for sustain outside of the lane as they to actually make it to the target before you get any heals, other than the two jailer skeletons that spawn right there if you take that talent. 

And what happens if that hero dies before they get there (or even during)? Do they just return to the standard minion lane patterns or attack whatever is nearest to them? haven't played the PTR yet, so I don't have answers to these questions. I'm willing to try the skeleton build, but I'm far more intrigued and impressed by what I see in the W build. 

Obviously there are maps where the skeleton build will he better (likely the current maps Xul is a top pick on), but I imagine the W build will be overall more useful. 
But realistically, how long to those skeletons actually last against buildings (since in practice you will have wrecked the whole minion wave to summon them)? Yes, you get the attack speed buff (only when fixated upon jailed heroes) to increase, but it's now a bit more situational and difficult to get that healing benefit and will work optimally when you are fighting someone probably solo in the middle of a lane. In most team-fight scenarios, I would think harvest vitality would give you better value unless you were against all range. Especially if your team focuses the jailed opponent--meaning bye-bye skeleton attack speed buff.

Not saying it is bad, as it works within a specific niche. His W talents seem to be more effectively breaking him away from a particular niche that only really functions well on 2-3 maps. That's what I'm most excited about.
I know, right? Feels like I'm actually playing a Diablo Necro!
But you lost your ability to heal upon summoning them (and ability to summon more of them) as you now need them to actually hit things. I'm more than happy to give that up for his new W talents, though!
I'd rather have the old version with healing upon skeleton summoning than the combined version with lesser healing upon skeleton basic attacks... Overall, very happy about this rework, though! W build looks wonderful, though I can see maps where the skeleton/jailer build will be preferable. 
I pretty much agree here all around. 

I think **Rapid Harvest** could be a silly good pick on certain maps like Infernal Shrines, Merc-Heavy Maps, or Braxis (vs. Zerg), though? I definitely agree that in most cases I will be salivating to use the **Shacklers**, **Grim Scythe**, **Harvest Vitality**, **Executioner** talent combination, though.
Sad, but too true.
Fingers crossed we get one based on the Pirate / Sharkform spray... Might actually convince me to stop using his Darkmoon Faire one.
Xul rework + Stukov... I'm in heaven.
I'll take a few new skins and a lot of recolors if those are in tandem with fresh new heroes, current hero reworks, and timely balance patches...
Amazing! Thanks for letting me know. Just put in my order.
ARGH! I'm very much regretting the fact that I didn't order one before they sold out... I guess I'll settle for my "Best Boy" hat. 
While they may not be the most OP or effective, I am 100% in love with Corpse Lance (how it looks, functions, etc.) and Command Golem (he's adorable). 
Agreed on the lackluster scythes. I transmogrified mine to Leoric's awesome mace (mogged my helm to his crown) so that all shall suffer. 
100% agree. Gazlowe is by far the best. Then Tychus/Abathur. Then further down Brightwing and D.Va. 
Beach Tychus portrait fills this void.
A man's gotta do what a man's gotta do. 
Kel'Thuzad confirmed?
I came here to post the exact same thing!
This is absolutely fantastic. 
Current Tass AA build is far from low damage once you complete that L1 quest.
I had a team that accused me of "shitposting" and being toxic because I was politely trying to tell our Abathur (it was a group) that he should be out bodysoaking and shouldn't just be sitting in the Hall of Heroes the entire game (also telling him that he shouldn't just keep his hat on the same person all game)... Meanwhile they were just pinging and blaming us every time they died and refused to acknowledge the idea of EXP soak and not constantly team fighting. It happens. :-/


Tracer is just silly fun against Malthael. (L17 with her)
Pretty much. 
Remember when Artanis would get confused and not automatically AA a target after charging in with his W? Ugh.
Seriously... get that Good Samaritan BS out of here.

Just kidding, obviously. :)
Even if it weren't all a joke, the fan salt would still be hilarious.
I enjoy playing Tracer and Lunara v. Malthael almost as much as I enjoy playing Malthael. Level 17 Tracer and 15 Lunara, not that it matters.
Queue as Tracer. Profit.

As someone who has played a lot of Malthael and Tracer, it's oddly satisfying to just run circles around him and hit E to remove that mark if you need to do so.
Walk the walk.
For those of us that don't have access to the game atm, which skins are in the bundle? 

**Edit:** Found it! Sir Murkalot, Blood Raven Sylvanas, and Unraveler Zeratul?
Shock and awe...
Bravo, sir! And I was proud of my level 30 Sylvanas and Tychus. :-/
Case in point... Xul is a bruiser? Does this mean he doesn't count in the "specialist" category/limit for QM matchmaking?

https://www.reddit.com/r/heroesofthestorm/comments/6fl0zd/weekly_reminder_that_varian_is_still_broken_in_qm/dijvlkq/
I know in most cases it's obvious, but is there any list of the current heroes by categorization? I know the broad labels are the only ones that matter, I suppose, but Nazeebo is more of a mage than a "specialist" in the sense of Abathur... and Sylvie's descriptor text says she is an Assassin despite being listed as a ranged specialist, etc. I guess my question is if any are treated a bit differently in the QM matchmaking than their high-level categorization would imply.
I recently started using **Mana Addict** and love it. Had a lot of fun taking **Energy Roil** at L4, though most of the time I stick with **Nether Wind**. Outside of that, I take the typical *Flamestrike* talents.
Indeed it is. 

Walk the walk. 
This
I support this.
I just realized this recently as well...
Kel'thuzad references improve any and all threads.
When it happens, I prefer it when I'm at least one of the Abathurs. I played a game the other night where our Abby just stayed in the Hall of Heroes all match. When I *politely* told him that he should be body soaking and explained some of the nuances behind the hero (I assumed he was new), his party mates all just started flaming me for "shit posting" and being harsh... WTF.
I play Abathur a decent amount. Nothing makes me happier than an Abathur mirror match where the opposing team (non-queue group) just happens to have Illidan, Kerrigan, and/or Greymane and my team has a bunch of squishy mages. KAPPA
You mean you don't love Abathur-on-Abathur slapfests?
Yep. Same here.
Made an edit because I was initially confused. I thought you got 0.25 EXP for a UE Clone kill, but nothing for Monstrosity.
When did that change for Monstrosity? I thought it only applied to Evolution?
Not having any issues, but I always do close out of OneDrive before playing any game. To be honest, I don't even use the service so perhaps a full uninstall is warranted.
I would argue for anything that counts as a full or fractional death to show up on the feed (so no Monstrosity or Ultralisk, unfortunately...).

EDIT: I forgot that UE Clones do provide 0.25 kills; I guess it could be confusing without an indicator that one was summoned as well as a new icon distinguishing between Abathur and the clone in a kill feed... But yeah.
Gazlowe, Abathur, and Tychus are quality.

If you can get past the high-pitched voices, I also like Brightwing, Lili, and D.Va.
I mean, if Britain couldn't even convert everything at a fraction of the size...
Amazing how many people don't realize this and just assume that it's America being stubborn (which to some degree at this point it kind of is, but it's not as though we invented the damn system). Or that in Britain they still use miles on road signs. Or that the British mile derived from the Roman mile.
> I think Dva is pretty dece, I would be patient with changing her.

Agreed. Certainly, I'm a little shocked to see people think she needs *nerfs*. Most of the reactions I've read have been pretty meh. She has good disruption and can be annoying as hell, but not competitive at higher levels, etc.
Seriously...
Wait... people think she's too powerful?
Agreed. This is beautiful. 
Agreed.
Zingers for days over here, eh?
You take that back. She has been and continues to be my favorite Warcraft leader.

Admittedly, this is coming from someone who is all but in love with Mad Queen Cersei...
I see what you did there.
Greymane: "You consider us allies? When this ends I will kill you."

Sylvanas: "You will die in agony, just like your son."

My bae is cold as ice. 
Greymane: "You consider us allies? When this ends I will kill you."

Sylvanas: "You will die in agony, just like your son."

My bae is cold as ice. 
ALL SHALL SWIFFER!
ZING
I have been hoping for this skin since his release... 
But how long did that last? At worst, we (hopefully) may only have to suffer a week or two with overturned Alarak. 
I pretty much agree with this wholeheartedly. 
/thread
Did Zul'jin *really* need a basic attack damage nerf? Ha. Intrigued by the **Voodoo Shuffle** cooldown reduction to 10, now... JV cleanse every 10 seconds could be useful at times.
Probably my favorite.
Gazlowe, Stitches, Brightwing, Abathur, and occasionally Tychus.
> Once you have a trained eye it's hard to get killed by a stealth character.

Let's not get too cocky, kid. Also, why aren't you gathering those minerals as Probius against stealth heroes?
Bravo. 
Also, make it so that you cannot vote for yourself. 
Winner.
This 100%. I'd even like differences based on the skin tints, but I won't be too greedy...
Even though I'm already familiar with everything, I love to re-read these. Thank you for putting these all together!
I barely even play as Diablo and spent hard-earned shards on that skin. That damn Xenomorph crawl...
This legitimately made me laugh out loud. Kudos. 
So... just avoid QM moreso than usual? Meh.
I've seen a few people post Discord links once we get into the draft interface. You could try doing that.
I find that in general, hat or shield Abby are my preferred builds (lately loving the shield build). The variable being if I go **Evolve Monstrosity** to create split push pressure and let myself keep hatting during team fights versus **Ultimate Evolution** where having an extra body outweighs the hat bonus for team fight performance... 
I haven't tried him, but cannot wait to do so. Will finally get to take advantage of that awesome *Lumberjack* skin.
Save Valeera!
:sticool: is my favorite
I 100% agree
All are loyal in death...
Same. I assume that because they are expecting a lot of new users they don't wan't Valeera terrorizing QM. I would assume she'll get a few non-burst utility buffs or adjustments in the longer term.

Now, can they give the same treatment to Nova, plz?
Would have been great if they buffed her L1 block talent or poisons to counteract the nerf. Or even included a different L20 talent to replace **Cold Blood**...
As someone with Valeera at L10, I'm curious if they will at least buff some of her utility talents in the long run?

Also, please now delete Nova too!
Valeera nerf like whoa!
Fantastic. Thank you for this!
> Eight heads is the ideal adult proportion.

Greeks said 8. Though later it was 7.5 heads, if you ask Michelangelo.  Point still stands, but yeah.
Nailed it!
Same.
I got **Kalimos, Primal Lord,** **The Caverns Below,** and **Spiritsinger Umbra.** Very excited about the latter two.
As someone who dabbles with Gboard before begrudgingly switching back to stock every few weeks (the cramped emoji keyboard screen gives me a headache... personal design issue that prevents me from using an otherwise fantastic keyboard), I've actually noticed this as well. 
Thanks. I was aware of the text replacement function, just curious why the **best** emoji didn't have standard text prediction whereas all of the other profession ones have multiple. :-/
I'm around 30 away from 400 in the current setup and the sheer number of heroes I have that will be boosted to 10 from 8 and change makes me optimistic that I'll hit that mark. I also have 5 or so heroes ranging from 13-11 current. I'll still probably boost some numbers by leveling Cassia and a few other heroes I haven't been arsed to play until recently, just to be safe. 
Is it based on level in the new or current EXP system? If you are twelve levels off, the conversion might put you over...

I'm curious, as I'm in the same boat based on the current EXP system but I see people talking about getting heroes to 8 + change because that translates to level 10 in the new system...

**EDIT:** It is off of your converted level in 2.0. So presumably if you are 12 off in your current form you might be good. 
Well, **definitely** snagging that Pirate Queen skin. 
You got me with this one.
This.
https://www.amazon.com/CAMOFLASK-Premium-Concealable-Plastic-Smuggle/dp/B00XOF6MGO

Put one of the smaller ones in the front of your pants (where they can't pat you...), and you're good to go.
*Space Jam* reference = auto-upvote
But you DO get gold for completing quests in *Wild*. And it does count towards your class EXP in **Hearthstone**. And wins in *Wild* count towards your 500-win Golden Hero Portrait. That is not at all an applicable comparison to custom matches in **Heroes of the Storm**. 
Fairly certain there is a separate, wild ladder in which you can use all historical cards...
With the hero leveling pace adjustments, will Master Skins still be unlockable at 10 or higher? Good thing I've saved up a bunch of gold...
More from the *Diablo* universe? Sign me up and take my money. 
Biggest improvement? The fact that switching between keyboards actually *looks* seamless now when you use third-party ones. For example, previously when switching from the stock keyboard / emoji board to **Gboard**, there would be a "flicker" during the switch on my iPhone 7. Now it looks the same as when you swap between two stock keyboards. Small change, but it hugely impacts the "look and feel" aspect.
Onward and upward, Colin! I'm just sad he couldn't take Nick with you... Those two were the reason I watched KF content. 
The Nick/Colin breakup is the most heart-wrenching aspect of this entire fiasco. 
**Ragnaros** nerfs and **Leoric** buffs in the same patch? Wins all around.
Finally, I'll have an excuse to complete the grind from Level 9 to 10 with Leo! I absolutely adored him when he first dropped.
I would argue that **Sylvanas** and **Lunara** (third color option) should be in *Tier S*. Those are just absolutely fantastic skins. The only argument that I would make against Sylvanas' master skin *not* being in *Tier S* is the fact that her Ranger-General skin (third color) works soooo damn well with the headless horseman mount (first color), so it isn't by far and away her go-to skin.
 
Maybe I'm biased, but I think **Leoric** and **Valeera** could move up a tier. Love both of those skins (though not all colors are great for Valeera... love the third option with the black/gold Ironside Direwolf).

Also, **Tychus** should be in a new *Tier 4*. His is completely awful. Worse than any of his other skins. *Infested Tychus* and *Prisoner Tychus* just put it to shame.
I went through this last night. I felt as though I was being trolled since I was consistently killed after being trapped by my own teammate...
Or when a Nazeebo hits his own teammates with **Zombie Wall** and doesn't realize that he can use the ability again to let them go...
Winner.
In for **Lady Vash'j** and **Kel'thuzad**.

That being said, the lack of **Terokk** with raptor mount made me sad.
Agreed.
I feel as though I frequently have witnessed people having their minds blown by your first point about the seed icons. 
On certain maps (or with teammates I can't trust to keep me safe) I've been following this line of thought. Far less stressful experience.
Love them both.
I have been playing a non-optimized Jade/Burgle/N'Zoth Rogue deck that I'm sure has lead to a significant amount of frustration when everything comes together (3X Aya Blackpaw from Journey Below and Lotus Agents). Won't get you to legendary, but it's a damn fun distraction!

http://www.hearthpwn.com/decks/749812-skulduggery-rogue-jade-burgle-nzoth
Not as bad as my Jade/Burgle/N'Zoth Rogue deck! Not optimized, but so much damn fun when it works (and has been surprisingly decent...).

One day I hope that Burgle/Card Steal becomes a Marquee Deck for Rogue.
Same. Assuming we receive it later? Or did others already get theirs?
Agree here completely.
This is absolutely fantastic. Bravo, sir. 
Shaku, Undercity Huckster, Swashburglar, Burgle, and Ethereal Peddler are in my current "miracle" deck and I've been having quite a bit of fun with it. 

I've also had success with a tempo jade / burgle deck with the above cards as well as Lotus Agents. So much fun. I toggle between two Ethereal Peddlers here and one Peddler and one Shadowcaster. 

Both of those decks are nearly all golden cards, to boot.
Same. Gazlowe and UI updates have me all giddy. 
Fingers crossed this also applies to Valeera when in stealth (I don't know HOW many times I've been denied follow-up kills because of allied bodyblocking similar to your statement above). 

Same with Lunara.
I'd much rather **Burgle** / Card-Steal Rogue become the marquee deck for the class.
The only time I even enjoyed Jade Rogue was when it was I added those cards into a hybrid Burgle/Deathrattle/Jade deck. Big fun. 

With the removal of **Azure Drake**, I'm eager to put more "steal" mechanic cards into my Rogue Decks. I already wasn't running any copies of **Conceal** outside of one deck, so... fingers crossed.
The only way to save the meta is to rotate **Azure Drake** out of standard... I won't even mention **Conceal** because, well, *Miracle Rogue* is just way too OP and dominating the ladder, obviously.
Same.
Same here, I’m afraid. Colin and Nick are the reasons I watch KF. With 50% of that equation gone? Meh.
Bikini Stitches
Azmodan
Squidface Alarak
This. 
Yes. This is the reason that the Chevy Nova sold extremely poorly in Central and South America. 
I feel as though this mount is required for any and all Malfo mains...
Yeah, she's definitely exquisitely fun to play as (particularly for someone who had a WoW Rogue alt--mained Hunter).
They also reflect the map status when they aren't "active." I often just quickly glance at them when passing them post-Hearth.
I had a similar "mind blown" experience with your first bullet point about healing fountains last week, despite having played since the beta. Sigh.

Figuring this out took me far longer than I care to admit...
Really? This is something I noticed on my first match on the map. Not trying to flame, as there are a few items I've read here that I will embarrassingly admit to not realizing at first... but this one seemed *super* obvious from the get-go.
Agreed. Nothing like getting flamed by inept QM teammates for recommending an easy sapper camp win instead of going for the obvious boss move.
So, after testing the **Sinister Strike** build I definitely enjoyed it, albeit after a strong initial adjustment to the lack of pure burst until 16 and not using **Blade Fury** as much (I often take **Fatal Finesse** in my go-to build if not going for **Ambush** talents). But it definitely made me feel like a more consistent contributor to team fighting, which is always a plus. 

I actually had great success with **Combat Readiness** over **Vigor** at level 1 with the SS build. Love her build versatility!
Un-un-un-un-un-un-unrevealable!
Winner.
I will definitely give the full **Sinister Strike** build another go!
That's my takeaway as well. Need to "retrain" my use of SS to maximize that build, for sure. Very much enjoy that each one of her "main" builds re-orders her combo rotations, unlike some other heroes where you can buff specific abilities but the overall approach and ability order remains the same.

One of the reasons i like **Fatal Finesse** so much is that it makes Blade Fury so much more viable, for example.
Arthas is pretty good against her as well.
Longer CD on Vanish would necessitate some survivability buffs in other areas... so I would vote against that.

And we don't need *another* stun duration nerf.
What are your thoughts on her SS build? I kind of hate **Mutilate** based on the mobility reduction, but It's consistently one of her more successful builds. 

I tend to go for her initiate/fatal finesse or ambush builds, but have had success with the full SS build. I just don't like the mobility loss...
Same. I had similar reactions to the Warlords of Draenei cinematic, particularly with some of the visual references to WC3 (Grommash demonfire death averted by his son!).
That entire cinematic is just so damn epic... up there (or better than) the Warlords of Draenor opening cinematic.
They announced Varian and Ragnaros simultaneously, no? Fingers crossed. 
There is a difference between fixing the *hero* and adjusting talents that are currently not even worth picking. If anything, making these talents somewhat more viable would potentially add more variety to the builds of Valeera you play against...
Seriously. If anything, it would at least add to the variety of the experiences you have playing against Valeera...
I love Gboard, though third party keyboard implementation is a bit meh overall on iOS (forcing default for password fields, etc). Annoying enough where I'll try to force myself to use Gboard as my daily driver but then end up switching back to stock despite its limitations. :-/
Anyone else just replace Small Time Buccaneers with Southsea Deckhand in their Rogue decks? 
No hero build information, though?
As a fellow long-time Tychus player (since before his initial range buff), I wanted to ask: do you think your go-to build will now often be **The Bigger They Are...** plus Overkill talents versus **In the Rhythm** builds? Or maybe look into **Fully Loaded** if you still want **That's the Stuff**?
Yeah. If anything I would go **The Bigger They Are...** at L1 and his Overkill talents now that **In the Rhythm** and **That's the Stuff** have negative synergy. Would I choose Neosteel over additional Overkill range? Not sure.
As someone who has played him (one of my first two heroes alongside Sylvanas) when he initially had 4.5 range and no minigun trait, I am excited at the fact that I will now be forced to try out a different build than his current go-to. While I will sorely miss the crazy synergy that was *In the Rhythm* and *That's the Stuff*, I am curious to go with the *The Bigger They Are* and Overkill talent builds... potentially with *Neosteel Coating.* 
The *That's the Stuff* nerf/adjustment really messes things up with its counter-synergy with *In the Rhythm* now, though.

I guess I'll be messing with *The Bigger They Are* and *Fully Loaded* in the interim. Or use *Neosteel Coating*.
Honestly, I bought Tychus before his initial range buff *or* rework (so when he had 4.5 range **without** minigun) purely based on lore and my love for SC II. He and Sylvanas were my two first purchases and L10 heroes.

I had no regrets grinding him to level 10 and "getting good" then, and will still use him going forward even if his moment in the spotlight may be done. I say go for it, especially if you like the character. It gets boring to only play "in meta" heroes, anyway. :D
Amen.
As someone who has long been a Tychus main since long before his rework or initial range buff, I am sad... But if I was forced to initially learn him at 4.5 range and NO minigun trait, then... there is still hope.

Still bummed about the change to That's the Stuff...
Wouldn't you rather play against *bad* Valeera players instead of more seasoned Valeera players? :-/
Same!
*Zinger*
Winner.
Well, I was just speaking to the point that Earth certainly does *exist* in the SC lore as a response to your comment about Overwatch being the only IP where there is or was a Spain. Wasn't trying to be a smart ass, so apologies if it came off in that manner.
I was speaking broadly rather than getting into specific detail (been a while since I've considered the lore). I meant "replaced" less in the sense of a successor organization and more in the sense that they were overtaken / beaten. But thank you for the refresher nonetheless.
Worst Hearthstone mage skin/hero, to boot!
This just made me laugh out loud. Bravo, sir!
What about the United **Earth** Directorate that was ultimately replaced by the Terran Dominion post-Brood War? Stukov was formerly a member of the UED, no?
You take that back right now...
This is some fantastic work. Thank you!
Winner. 
Bravo.
The build with the highest HL win rate (all levels) on HotsLogs right now is an ambush build that uses Cloak of Shadows--makes sense as a quick frequent escape after engaging with Ambush IMO. It currently has a 56% win rate.

When you filter to only higher-tier HL matches, though, that build doesn't seem to appear.
Well, that's certainly good to know!
Do opponents actually see the "unrevealable" text, or is that just for your and your team's reference? :-/
"TLDR it is a bad idea to use flurry for combos unless you hit more than 1 target. it deals 25 more dmg for 10 energy, not worth."

Unless, of course, you take Fatal Finesse! But that's not in this build, so I concur.
I concur with nearly everything in this post. Not a Valeera main, but I have her at level 10. 
Agreed 100%

Vision talents/abilities, AOE, and skillshots wreck her...
This. The benefits to range and battery life via the W1 chip are fantastic. Those reasons alone convinced me to get the Beats Solo3 headphones over competitor brands.
I absolutely love it, both for predictive text as well as the gesture-based typing. However, I feel as though third-party keyboard implementation in iOS still needs work. Having to use the stock keyboard for passwords, etc., just feels jarring.

Stock QuickType is an okay keyboard, and that's about it. Why on Earth we haven't yet received gesture-based / swipe typing is beyond me.
This was my experience testing it out last night as I finished my grind to get Valeera to level 10. 

Initiative was pleasantly surprising as far as its effectiveness against squishies. The fact that it also makes Expose Armor procs all but a formality cannot be understated. I actually really enjoyed Initiative in tandem with Fatal Finesse. Fatal finesse just makes flurry so, so good. It's pretty much an auto-pick for me unless I'm feeling saucy and want an ambush build. 

End result? I enjoy both Relentless Strikes and Initiative equally at 4. If I need to get in and out quick, or want to take Expose Armor, Initiative is great. If I want to be able to stick around a little longer in spam attacks in team fights because I don't have to fear that much CC, I'll go Relentless Strikes. 

Side note: played a little bit with crippling poison and then Initiative in an Ambush build. Made early-game ganking SO much fun. 

Side note 2: I still hate Mutilate as a talent. Cannot fathom giving up range on my only escape, especially when a fully-buffed blade furry via fatal finesse is so damn great. Even without the cost reduction. 

Side note 3: still haven't had a chance to try the improved cloak of shadows, but am highly intrigued by it. 


I take offense to that. I love Sylvanas. My first purchased hero and first level 10. 
Agree 100%
I'm very much intrigued by the crippling poison choice at 1! I've been meaning to see how it works now that it lasts 5 seconds...
Glad to see I'm not the only person who feels this way!
Admittedly I haven't used initiative extensively, but I often take relentless strikes at 4 (value have the escapes) and then fatal finesse at 7. In the correct match-ups, having the increased damage and reduced cost of blade flurry can be devastating. I'm also a sucker for the reduced energy costs. :-/

Engage from stealth > SS > BF > E > then SS away.
Or SS > Vanish then Engage > BF > E > SS away. 

I do enjoy relentless strikes at 4 and then assassinate at 7 as well. But I will try the initiative/assassinate build this evening!
Still not the biggest fan of mutilate given the range reduction on SS, unfortunately...
I had the issue occasionally on my 970, but took someone's advice of disabling "enable streaming" in the Battle.net launcher settings and that seems to have curtailed the problem. 

In my instance, I never had any issues the FIRST time I launched the game after turning on or restarting. It only really seemed to happen if I loaded the game after waking the computer from sleep. Only started happening after the prior NVIDIA patch, but as I mentioned before stopped being an issue after disabling streaming. 

Will see if the issue is completely gone once I get home and download the updated drivers. 
Did Psalm go vigor or subtlety? I often end up going subtlety over vigor in many cases where I'm not using a "double combo point" talent later. In the early game (especially if you take relentless strikes at 4) as long as you proc subtlety your don't feel so energy-starved. 

If I choose relentless strikes AND fatal finesse, I can comfortably forego thistle tea for expose armor/seal fate. But we're talking ambush builds here so that doesn't even apply.

I don't know why I just dislike the full sinister strike build. I've played it quite effectively, but I just always find moments where that reduced sinister strike range bites me in the butt when I have to use it to disengage. 

I just find myself preferring the ambush build to the full sinister strike one (assuming someone else on my team can CC as well). It makes it so that I feel as though, from a situational standpoint, I can make use of all three engages from stealth over the course of the game. Without the ambush talents, the Q from stealth might as well not exist TBH. :/

Can't wait to try it with the easier-to-proc assassinate damage bonus and increased death from above teleport range...

Though, I'm no pro, so take my opinions with multiple grains of salt!
Well, you got your cheap shot nerf. 😬

I'm fine with this, as I'm looking forward to experimenting more with the ambush talents (have had a lot of success with those in tandem with subtlety and relentless strikes. I just don't like the reduced range from mutilate, so my other option is fatal finesse. 

Might have an excuse to try cloak of shadows as well?
I'm secretly hoping that we will all be forced to bow down to our new Murloc overlord. 
Always nice. 
As of tomorrow it will be Murky ruining the game. 😬

Although I'm actually excited about the buffs to Valeera's ambush talents...
You learn something new every day, don't you? 

Walk the walk.
Not his fault that Raynor betrayed the age-old code of bros before hoes...
Sure thing, armchair general...
Thank you.
Was? :-/
Logic! Reason!
But it also negates some of the benefits that opposing heroes get for talent picks that leech or heal based on % of damage dealt, etc.

Like Tychus' minigun healing talent, which is a massively common pick. So in a duel with Tychus the % damage whittles down Cho's health the same, but Tychus is not receiving as much healing from that talent, etc., in addition to the fact that allied healers have an easier time keeping Cho alive.
More like 5/7. Amirite?
Tempted to mess around with Guillotine on its new 30-second cooldown. 
Does this mean Zul'jin's level one talent pick for Grievous Throw may be more viable if you don't expect the match to go long or hit the YWA quest requirements for the range increase? I am intrigued. 
Lunara has a fantastic master skin, especially the third color option. 
Interesting. I wasn't trying to be a jerk with my response, so apologies if it came off that way. 
I'm guessing this is a result of your try mode settings, since you can adjust level and cooldowns, etc.
Agreed. This is 100% what I wanted as a former WoW player (hunter and rogue)!
Tassadar and Rexxar reworks? Valeera potentially coming out on the live server next week? I am in heaven.
Well, then... day one Valeera purchase for sure. And dat rooster. 
For those of us still at work, how is Zul'jin? I will most certainly be cashing in some gold for him later this evening. :D
I hear you... As a softie for any Warcraft-related heroes, particularly on the darker end of the spectrum, I would *love* for Anub'arak to be viable. 
I was being *somewhat* sarcastic... We'd need to leave the current AA-heavy meta for him to actually be of consistent utility first.
You mean a singular buff to Arthas? Either way, I'll take it.
Well, there's a TIL moment for me. Thank you, kind sir!
Does this mean that *gasp* he could become a bit more viable?!
Respect. I'm in the same boat, although FF6 is my favorite in terms of story, characters, aesthetic, and musical score. FF7 is up there, for sure, but 6 is in another tier for me. 

Also, if it helps frame my taste: 8, 10, and 13 were complete and utter shit. I loved 4 and 9. Enjoyed 5 (loved the class system but the story was meh) and 12. 
False. Setzer from FF6 earns that title. And is in a far better game. And this is coming from someone that loves 7. 
Meh. I find the Matte Black to be far more aesthetically pleasing than the Jet Black. 
Same here. Use that one at the office and have not had any issues thus far.
Replace that trumpet with a saxophone and you're golden. That vagina mouth, though...
I'm assuming the schedule was impacted by the holidays...
I understand everything you wrote her except for the "Exodia" reference... could you explain that one?
As someone who has switched back and forth between iPhone and Android, I still can't stand the fact that Apple hasn't "incorporated" Android's method of grouping notifications from the same conversation/app in a single collapsing or expandable "bubble." It's painful to see four-to-five bubbles for individual messages from the same person.
And some of us with OCD just prefer the look of matte black over a shiny, glossy plastic-looking black that is reminiscent of the iPhone 3G (IMO). It's a matter of personal taste.
Matte black was the way to go. Looks like a stealth bomber instead of a plastic slab...
This.
Currently no screen protector with a leather case. I teeter back and forth between whether or not I should get one (my work phone has one but I don't quite like how it feels with the slight raise on the viewable screen edges); however, it is only $29 to replace a cracked screen. That's enough to put me at ease for the time being.
Some would say throwing an additional layer of glass on top of it ruins it for them...
Ugly orange highlights and a SCOPE on an f'ing minigun?! It's so, so bad.
Not a master skin...
Master Sylvanas (any color) and Master Lunara (3rd color) would like to have a word with you.
Purple Master Valla skin FTMFW
Master Tychus skin. As someone who semi-mains Tychus (alongside Sylvanas and Artanis), that ugly POS skin was the biggest waste of 10,000G that I've spent. I end up rotating between Prisoner/Infested Tychus...
I quite like the Master Leoric skin.
I've always enjoyed playing bruiser tanks (love Artanis), but otherwise I'm more assassin- or specialist-minded (Sylvanas was my first level 10 hero), I suppose. 

That being said, I do highly regard that Varian tank build, although as I've only just purchased him I'm not 100% well-versed with the hero. For his tank build, do you go with Lion's Maw at 1 and Second Wind at 7 predominantly? I haven't really seen anyone prioritize his Parry talents...

 
I wasn't being 100% serious, if that wasn't clear. While I really do enjoy his twin blades spec, his taunt build is pretty hilarious as you've stated.

I do agree with your statement, specifically regarding Illidan. Although I do find that Varian hits the power and survivability upswing with his twin blades build faster than Butcher does, but yeah.
Day 1 purchase, for sure.
Bravo. 100%.
But then you have to play the least-entertaining version of Varian! I kid... sort of. :-/
As a Tychus (more-or-less) main from Day 1 that is enjoying the fact that he is finally relevant, I've actually been surprised at how infrequently I've seen him banned over the past few weeks post-Rag. Maybe I've just been lucky, though.
This exactly.
The lack of physical / gesture based controls to do simple things like raise the volume or skip tracks without using Siri is a dealbreaker. Maybe next year. For now, I'll stick to Beats' W1 chip products (the 40-hour life and drastically increased range on the Solo3 thanks to the W1 chip made me overlook the company's sound quality stigma compared to other similarly-priced offerings).
My friend and I have quite a bit of success with Tychus + Diablo. This might have to do with my familiarity with Tychus (one of my level 10+ heroes) versus their actually being an ideal pairing, though... Absolutely shreds opposing tanks, particularly when you take In the Rhythm and have ridiculously-long mini-gun duration. Also does fantastic during team fights, especially when you pair Diablo's rush and slam with some body blocking via the Drakken Laser Drill. :)
 

ETC + Kael'thas is always fun.
I second the recommendation of Lively.
Agreed 100%
I might be going crazy here, but does the "Sort by Playlist Type" option in Apple Music do ANYTHING different from the "Sort by Title" option? I have ~20 playlists of varying type (public, private, automatic ones like 'Purchased'), and when I switch between "Sort by Type" and "Sort by Title" there is absolutely no change in their order at all...

Also, it's a darn shame they only added sort by "Recently Added" rather than "Recently Updated," particularly given their public playlists... Oh well.
Wow. This is a hugely pleasant surprise.
90 packs, 4 legendaries: Kun the Forgotten King, Madame Goya, Raza the Chained, and Kazakus. :o
Mostly no guide, though I'll definitely read up on Ascension skills and try to plan some AP allocation in the beginning. 
About to get started this evening... Is it possible to reallocate AP (either freely or with an item), or is each selection you make final? I'm already sweating my first build choices. :o
Kingsglaive was meh... The only thing that saved it in my eyes was THE MIGHTY ULTROS.
Thank you, kindly! Is it possible to reallocate AP (either freely or with an item), or is each selection you make final?
I use both, since I have a grandfathered-in $7.99 GPlay rate and the adless YouTube is almost even worth that in my opinion. I'm mid 3-month trial for Apple Music at the moment and like what I see--though I still think Google Play "finds" better music recommendations and generates better impromptu playlists (that you can easily save). My main gripe is that Google Play's app interface still doesn't utilize Force Touch or other "standard" iOS 10 interface queues.
Switched from Android recently as well and went through the same dilemma. 

I use still Hangouts for a few friends with Android phones, but am in love with iMessage and predominantly use that now with the occasional WhatsApp conversation.

I still use Drive, Keep, and Play Music (I have a grandfathered $7 per month rate and the ad-free YouTube alone is almost worth that price IMO) although I also use Apple Music. 

After tinkering with a few different Calendar apps, I've settled on the stock Apple one purely based on the fact that travel time and some new iOS 10 functionality doesn't play super well with other calendars (I liked the overall Fantastical interface more and will swap back once they incorporate a few features).

I use Google Inbox and the standard Apple Mail app in tandem over Gmail. Inbox is wonderful for sorting and mass-archiving emails, etc., but the stock Mail app actually gives you more flexibility when adding calendar invites from email (Gmail and Inbox will only let you add it to your Google calendar, which does not offer the same degree of color coding or overall functionality on iOS as the stock calendar or Fantastical).

Google Translate is still hands down the best translation app.

I really love the Gboard keyboard, but the limitations as far as third-party functionality (no password entry, no voice access) made me switch back to the stock keyboard. :o

My only qualm with some Google Apps is that in certain cases they haven't yet incorporated 3DTouch or "standard" iOS 10 features (most notable in Hangouts, etc.)
I would actually recommend an upgrade solely based on the fact that his flair shows that he only has the 16GB model of the iPhone 6S. That's almost a criminal lack of storage space. :-/

The water resistance, better performance, better battery life, and etc., would all just be conveniences on top of having a phone that doesn't require you to free up space every time you want to install another app, download a few songs, or take some more photos...
Winner.
It no longer impacts me, but that's because I bought the Belkin double-dongle setup for when I want to charge at my desk while listening (though generally battery life has been fine where I don't need to do this), the dock with a 3.5mm jack in the back, as well as a few of the 3.5mm to lightning converters for my preferred Bose SoundSport (don't have to worry about water post-gym) and TrueSound wired headphones. 

I'll get W-1 wireless ones when they are available and don't sound like crap (AirPods, which aren't even out) or meh-to-okay (Beats in general). I know Bose are only marginally better for audiophiles, but whatever. I have seriously been eyeing the Solo3 what with their 40-hour battery life, though...
And voilà! We have a winner.
Winner.
The lack of organized folders is going to give me an OCD meltdown...
Seriously. Apple needs to just copy gesture/glide typing and the manner in which predictive text and autocorrect work simultaneously from this keyboard roll it into their stock app. :o
I'm guessing for a short-term stay with a confirmed return itinerary? 
I have Lone Wolf and Okami Hanzo skins from loot boxes. I've played 1 minute as Hanzo...
Adequate Darkfisher hat placement confirmed.
What's going on with these hats?
Text, unless specific ability combinations or movements require extremely nuanced timing. At which point I'll read a guide and then find a video to see that specific combination in action.
Purple judgment charger. I also use that mount with Sylvanas' purple ranger general skin!
Purple Master Skin >>>> all other Valla skins, but excluding that one I agree that Vamp Slayer is extremely nice.
For some reason when I run Fullscreen on my dual monitor it is now a bit blurry (resolution is correct), though switching to Fullscreen (windowed) fixes that...

Otherwise, performance has been notably smoother (though it was already running quite well on my setup)!
NA: https://battle.net/recruit/2CPW5JXN96?blzcmp=raf-hs&s=HS&m=pc

On the off chance anyone else would like to smurf for the benefit of a fellow redditer!
Any idea if/when they are actually going to fix the Renounce Darkness "Ability Artwork Missing" issue?
Does the Renounce Darkness card discount effect still show up as "artwork missing" on the card buff/effect list, or has that finally been fixed? Ha.
This.
The worst is when I pick Zarya or D.Va to be an offtank, only for the other tank on the team to use that as an excuse to switch to something else. :-/
I was certainly not expecting D.Va and Zarya to be my favorite heroes, but lo and behold... I also love playing as Lucio. Only recently started trying out Mercy, but having a blast there as well. Surprising, because in other games I'm always drawn to DPS with occasional tanking...
I will most likely snag him on Day 1.
I went through the same painful decision-making process regarding those two voicelines as well...
To be fair, when Lunara was first released she was under-tuned and I still found her to be exquisite to play.
This is why, at least in my last few games with Tracer, I've actually gone with Get Stuffed at 20 (reduced melee cooldown, automatically detonates pulse bomb if you hit a 'stuck' enemy). In conjunction with Bullet Spray at 13 (50% melee range + AOE damage) instead of Ricochet (provides wave clear as well; makes your W far more viable), I've found it FAR more satisfying. 

Sure, in a few times the health regen from recall saved my butt, but in most cases the simple act of recalling has already gotten me out of the jam I was trying to avoid even without restoring health.
I agree with the faster reload as the go-to talent (for me). Increases your ultimate charge rate, increased basic attack "up time" increases damage over time, without the stress of having to hit D. With your untouchable stacks you are already shredding through people anyway... But again, if you are capable of activating the LnL buff 100% of the time and doing so doesn't distract or impact you, then by all means go for LnL.


Yeah, it’s terrible… haven’t been able to get any real benefit from it in team fights. I just go for Untouchable, and then for wave clear / team fight get the melee range + aoe upgrade at 13. I can’t stress just how much I like this talent at 13. First, it gives you adequate wave clear versus ricochet; second, it makes her W more viable and easier to land—meaning it helps with faster pulse bomb refills; and third, the level 20 talent that makes the melee auto-detonate your ult is fantastic in a group.

Obviously, you have to make sure you can blink/recall back out after you jump in… but yeah, I love it.
With the upgrade at 13 which extends melee range and makes it AOE, I find myself using it far more often and effectively. Obviously when I have a blink/recall to escape afterwards... but it's great for securing kills, restoring your pulse bomb, AND if you take the melee upgrade at 20 it also makes the pulse bombs explode instantaneously. Lots of fun against a group. 

I actually find the level 13 melee range+aoe talent my go-to one now since leeching is meh and it not only (i) provides nice wave clear versus Ricochet but also (ii) makes her W far more viable.
This has become my go-to L13 pick.
This. Her melee range and aoe upgrade at 13 is fantastic. I find it far more effective than ricochet or leeching.
I came to post the same thing.
Or did they totally preserve the feeling of the Beast Mastery hunter spec from WoW?
This.
Hey now, the Gaz is actually quite fun now!
I quite like this build as well. I was falling into the trap of picking the extended drag duration at 7 but yeah... Symbiosis is great and much, much more of an impact. Then again, I've still yet to completely get the hang of drag.
Nice. I've been oscillating between the damage reduction and dash (run and gun increases movement speed per regen globe) at 1. Predominantly pick Master Assassin at 4, though I'm intrigued by "in the rhythm" as well.

I prefer grenade distance at 7, and have been toying with taking the 5% health damage boost to grenades at 16 over the boost to Overkill damage.
Seriously... If it weren't for the Tychus and Sylvanas updates this would have been the aspect of the patch that got me the most excited.
Sylvanas was the first hero I purchased and leveled to 10. Can't wait to try out the new kit this evening.
I got a shipping notification last night and will be receiving my preorder by EOD today.
I spoke with customer service, they said that model is back-ordered and likely wouldn't ship until 3/11. They did tell me that if I went to my local store and they had it in stock I could just get it from them and have them process that as my JUMP instead, cancelling the pre-order. Might try that tomorrow morning unless I get a shipping notification this evening.
I've heard great things about Grim Dawn... Worth playing that too?
I got into D3 seasons for the first time just to get Malthael's Phantom mount (hit lvl 70 with a season character), and now I'm only two achievements away (Set Dungeon, GRift at certain level) from completing the full set of objectives with my Demon Hunter ... 

After playing a bunch of vanilla D3 (had only started RoS campaign but never finished), I wasn't expecting to get sucked back in but it just happened. It's definitely eaten into my Hearthstone time!
Elite AI is what made me finally make the jump to quick casting, haha.
THIS. Huge WTF moment whenever you get that toxicity from an teammate vs. AI. Especially when they tend to be the ones doing the worst...
Oh, I completely understand that... Was just posting my experience (and am more than thankful that my update ran smoothly)!
Agreed. I want to put that beautiful Infested Tychus skin to good use!
Ordered on 3/2, JUMP offer was accepted, new EIP signed... still "Being Processed." I'm guessing there is an issue with the availability of the model I ordered (S7 Edge Titanium Silver)?
Win 10, GTX 970M, laptop with an external 1080p monitor... had no problems with the drivers I downloaded last night.
Same. :-/
There's a variant on Hearthpwn that added Arch-Thief Rafaam. Thought about checking it out myself but then I realized that I don't have Grommash (might try with Leeroy just because I want to level up Warrior).
Especially when it's GOLDEN MALY.

http://imgur.com/LdSKLDs
Malygos + Thermaplugg + Arcane Missiles. GG Onyxia.
Just cleared a full board, including a belcher and a shredder buffed by Defender of Argus, on turn 4 via: GOLDEN Malgyos, Thermaplugg, 2x Arcane Missiles (thanks to an earlier Rhonin). Feel the synergy, feel the salt!
 
http://imgur.com/LdSKLDs
Yeah, I assumed that would be the response I got. I guess I'll re-birth my DH this evening!
Yeah, I found myself completely sucked back in over the past weekend finishing up the campaign (never completed RoS) with my Demon Hunter. Currently at level 60, likely going to wrap up in adventure mode to hit 70 with him (and get those achievements) before re-birthing him to a seasonal character and grinding for the mount. Was NOT expecting to be pulled back into D3!
New to seasons as well (took a long break from D3. Finally finished up the RoS campaign and just started adventure mode with my L60 Demon Hunter). Would it be worth my hitting 70 with this character first to get a hang of everything in Adventure mode (as well as the achievements along the way to 70) as well as the higher-level gameplay for the class, and then re-birthing that character as a seasonal one? Or just go ahead and rebirth him now?

Other option would be to just make a new seasonal character (thinking Witch Doctor or Crusader), and not bothering re-birthing my main DH until next season? Would love your thoughts. Less looking for leveling tips/nuances, and more just a "how would you / did you approach" question for the first jump into seasons.

I'm equally excited about Lunara. Looking forward to finally finishing the grind from level 9.5 to level 10!
EXTREMELY happy with the Lunara and Stitches buffs!
Haven't played Diablo III in ages. I'm assuming you need to start a fresh "seasonal" character and raise it to 70 to get this versus loading up one of my old characters from a while back? If so, how long does it take to get from 1-70? This mount looks fantastic.
I CAME TO POST THIS.
I prefer his human look, icon-wise. 
Honestly, I would just take a pretty standard Oil list and swap out Edwin for Elise to start. I also did some minor card swaps with Tomb Pillager vs. Shredder, and even tried some of the crazy "only one oil" approaches, but that was more concurrent experimentation rather than changes made because I added Elise.

I'd say that (and obviously, luck of the draw...) that I've gotten the Monkey out ~50% of the time. The 2 mana "add golden monkey to deck, draw card" card makes it into my hand almost all of the time.

Worst case, she gives you a solid 3/5 body on curve and and adds a 2-mana card cycle to the deck... Best case, hilarity ensues. It's clearly not the most efficient change, but sometimes you just want to have fun, right?
Starseeker Oil Rogue can be pretty hilarious.
This. It's how I've played in every Elder Scrolls game, Fallout 3 + NV, and exactly how I'll play in FO4.
No issues with survivability yet, but I'm always sneaking around.
Perception Bobblehead is all but unmissable in Concord.
Personal preference and character building. I will ultimately want Luck and Agility both at 8. I wanted Ninja and Quick Hands before Grim Reaper Sprint and Critical Banker (the latter was a close call). I'm okay with pumping one point into luck during the leveling process if I need/want to sooner. I've always played as a sneak/stealth character, so some of the perks you may not like in agility are still a priority for this character. 

I'm fine without Ricochet.
Somewhat similar to my current starting build, which I am absolutely loving thus far:

S: 2 (+1 from You're Special Book)
P: 3 (+ 1 from Bobble)
E: 1
C: 4
I: 5
A: 7
L: 6