Yes please I want heavy bolters as max weapons 
Because it's not "barely significant"? .045 is barely significant. .028 is way clear of the .05 cutoff. 

What is "barely" to you?
> barely significant

>p = 0.028

pick one
"most people" being a few people that don't include the stewards?? the stewards put EQUAL blame on BOTH drivers. Come on dude, get that biased shit out of here. CAn't believe it's upvoted. Danny shot for a gap that didn't exist. 
“Those subjects are beneath me” but so relevant to the conversation.. the way the constitution, government, police, etc work all really fall under political science., and your claim that they serve the corporations means you need an economics lesson. You don’t even know anything about the American constitution and you’re trying to make bold claims about shit. 

My easy degree? Haha my undergrad COULD be art history and it still wouldn’t matter, the JD I’ll have in 3 years will. 


Yeah, law is DEFINITELY the easy way out. Lol. Sure, you keep thinking that. 

You, make millions a year your first few years out? Lol okay dude even I’m not that stupid or naive and understand that 80-100k is realistically what I’m looking at until I make partner. You should double check your numbers there, buddy. 

Maybe you should stick to computer science and let the people who know what they’re talking about talk.. 
So you’re a kid who hasn’t taken any advance level political science, business, or economic courses, or doesn’t have any actual real world experience with these topics. 

That’s all you needed to say lol

Also I’m graduating from one of the top private unis in the states, and going to law school at a top state school. But yeah, definitely an art degree from Phoenix, lol. 
The power of operant conditioning 
I don’t think that guy is old enough to crack a beer
Daniel ricciardo and everyone’s favorite actor (sir Patrick Stewart) doing one  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=tGV0lAgr4so
Awesome, thanks buddy!
Let’s get /r/psychology ‘s opinion on this. 

I absolutely disagree but I guess I define disease and disorder differently from this guy. 
I know only a handful that says and/or in casual conversation when they mean an inclusive or. Usually it’s just derived from context or like a third option that is 1 or 2 or both. 

Maybe that’s s southern thing though, idk. 
So you’re telling me those white collar criminals are shot more than captured? 

You’re a moron lmao 

>1998

Oh that explains it 
You saying words but not knowing what they mean doesn’t mean you’re smart 
Lol okay
/r/iamverysmart
He’s a really bad troll is all 
Woowee 0/10 bait 


Work on landing headshots, that’s where the NC thrive. 
I for one think the the space mari—-NC should have access to a titan. 

Or at least a dreadnaught 

^even ^in ^death ^i ^still ^serve
Then I have no strong feelings one way or another. 
Tell me how to feel
I thought you meant Coca Cola at first and I was so confused 
“Verstappen thought trump tower was leaving him space and says he has learned from his mistake and intends to come back a better driver.” 
NFL app
I am dead inside

Let’s go spiders!!! 

Wish he went to the pats but such is life 
God forbid people have interests other than your own 
Wow I never knew KIMI was tatted 

EDIT: autocorrect
I wish there was something bigger than a galaxy. Just a flying fucking fortress 

Give it 12 guns but make it require 2 people “piloting”: one flies but only has cockpit view the other has cameras that can see and can guide him 

Can hold 36 people or replace 12 people w/ a vehicle 


Holy fuck that would be so stupid and fun 
It’s still stigmatizing. 
Buddy NPD is a mental disorder 
You just did exactly what OPs comment said not to do
No one pays that 
Everyone forgets that the eagles tore up the Vikings which were considered the best d left... drafting solid D isn’t gonna help us IMO 
Are there any correlations that look at performance in the NFL and wonderlic scores? 

If I had the data I would run it I’m just lazy 
I go to UR and I’ve honestly never heard anything bad said about him as a person. 
Inb4 NC gets bolters as their next carbine 
The fact that these people pretend to be champions of reducing mental health stigma then accuse someone of being bipolar or schizophrenic for his voting habits is fucking insane and the most irritating thing 
why are there so many posts about these guys
Hm I haven’t ever really had any experience with Ryzen. I’ll have to check that out, and I would definitely try to “test it” so to speak with a good return policy. I would hate to be stuck with something that doesn’t even help haha 
Cool, thanks for the input! 
Hm, that’s an idea I hadn’t thought of.
Will do!
Oh my god who the hell cares 
You realize that not every transsexual person has to have or have had gender dysphoria right? 

That’s not how the dx works 
You’re saltier than McDonald’s fries my dude 



ps i think you missed censoring his name once in an @him 
Heresy
“We can’t take the planet back? Fine. Fuck it. Exterminatus.” 
Is he aimbotting

Someone's gotta start it, I guess ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
“No fair! You changed the outcome by measuring it!” 
An argument could be made that it should be but English grammar dictates currently that it goes before and putting it after is improper. 
It took me a few days to be fully accustomed to onward and joystick locomotion when I first got my vive. It would give me a headache. Now it’s fine though, I can (and do) play all day no problem 
Oh my god yes the amount of times I’ve had to tell a bunch of the tanks that they’re going the wrong way.. smh 
I would love to see ranks on the people, I just don't think people pay enough attention to other characters. Maybe also above/next your name on screen if you're near them? 

I also think that we should be able to set objectives.. i.e. ALPHA set squad marker on A point - if A point flips then reward the squad.. maybe like a stackable 10% xp boost for 1 hour. That would promote people ACTUALLY doing what you tell them to as well.
I’ve had it since it came out and I don’t even realize it’s there anymore. It literally doesn’t affect functionality or the look of the phone at all. 
Then the x isn’t the phone for you 
I personally think there should be a MUCH more in-depth and prominent rank system that would allow you to further subdivide you outfit, and potentially create your own rank "logos" and have as many as you want. I think this would help people not only BE recognized for their contributions to the outfit, but also help OTHERS recognize them.

I think they should be more prominent by putting your rank next to your name (only outfit can see) in squads. Here's one reason why I would like this- if I see I have people who are specialized in X -- say armor -- area. I want to try to maximize time that I can tell them to do X -- in this case: pull armor -- it's hard to memorize all of that stuff for EVERYONE in your squad.

Here would be my setup..

"President/5-Star General/Emperor" - absolute owners of the outfit

"General" - platoon leaders, etc.

"Captain" - Squad leaders, people who lead certain divisions of the outfit e.g. infantry, armor, competitive, etc. Maybe could be "generals?" or rank in-between? That would be the great thing about more customization!!

"Warrant Officer" - does the trainings, etc.

"Sergeant" - highly skilled, veteran members of the outfit, but not a "leadership" role - often part of the "competitive" side of the outfit.

"Corporal" - more skilled than a recruit, but not highly skilled or a veteran yet.

"private" - a new recruit

I would further subdivide these based on the COLOR of their rank: Corporal would have a blue - air, green - infantry, or red - armor color that would denote exactly WHAT they do. 

Here's an example for the "color coding" I mean: (by -1 max I mean -1 the logo of max rank, or -2 is -2 the logo of max rank, and so on)

President - gold max rank

General - gold -1 max 

Captain - silver -1 max

WO - color coded based on skillset -2 max

SGT - color coded based on skillset -3 max

Corporal - color coded based on skillset -4 max

Private - silver -5 max


HOWEVER, each having their own "icon" would be great, too instead of relying on color coding for everything. -- by this I mean 3 separate ranks for inf, 3 separate ranks for armor, 3 separate ranks for air, 3 separate ranks for leadership possibly throw in 1 or 2 for training guys, etc.. I mean there's 120+ icons in the normal ranks in PS2 FOR EACH FACTION.. they're basically already "color coded" for us- fucks sake I'll just use purple and orange/red whatever TR is. 

Some might say this is absolutely unnecessary, and yeah, maybe it is. But it's something I feel like would help outfits be able to organize and better use their resources. I believe this, coupled with changes you make, would help the outfit experience and allow these SL, PLs, and Gens to better lead their outfits. I think it would also boost the new player experience.. now-- you can get promoted 1, maybe 2 ranks and never again? With this you would see the ability to move much further up the ladder and be rewarded for your good efforts rather than be stuck at the lowest 1 or 2 ranks because there just isn't room to move you up and say, hey you're a vet and pretty good. We're not throwing you in the leadership but now you're part of a SMALLER group of people that can be tracked to hit those ranks/roles instead of being a number in a large pool of people. 

I just believe it would be easier to effectively SL/PL with proper leadership tools like this. 

All I foresee is a bunch of people dropping and then getting slaughtered by the hesh tanks that just blew up your Sunderer 
(Massive hole in chest)

Tis but a scratch 
“But I took psych 101 so I understand how this stuff works”

Gah these people make my major look like fucking morons. There’s a reason his comment isn’t published in a journal. Because it’s bullshit. 
I love it when people with no background in psych or neuroscience try to make obscene correlations like that
57-60k are the average incomes so it’s below average. 
That’s because the democrats were the Slavemasters 
What? 

Onward and Pavlov are probably two of the biggest VR games out right now. 
As a SC native I just have to say 

Mustard base is best base and I’m willing to fight to the death over this 
I never said it was op, it’s just good 
Relaunching planetside 2 AKA planetside 3 which won’t happen 
>tfw you realize that every faction will do this and it’s not just one and you should quit crying about it
Fighting in 96+ gives me the worst input lag  which is absolutely unacceptable, a 6600 shouldn’t be struggling this much 

Getting one blasted in the face by a shotgun 

Hesh


He’s on the dragon house dance crew now 
They do it in almost all graduate programs....
All about that Spotify student discount that comes with Hulu for $5 a month 
He's doing research for a small non\-profit.. his major doesn't really matter.. anything that gives you research experience is good i.e. Psych, PoliSci, etc...

He could ask for a raise or look for new companies since he has probably at least 5 years experience and potentially make more.. but it's not really THAT bad. 50K is the average for a post doc fellow in DC, which is about where he'd be age and salary wise.. 
50K isn’t really bad for someone that’s younger and trying to establish themselves in the field. 

If they were late 30s... then it would be bad. 
That gold is worth more than your bank account

RIP
Tip #1: Don't actually live in DC and 50k isn't bad
Go to law school, get a masters in public policy, do research for firms \(in DC?\)

There are plenty of career paths, you just have to know where to look.

MAKE SURE YOU GET RESEARCH EXPERIENCE IN UNI
I guess i don't type hard either, my fingers have never hurt from it and I've put down 3\-5000 word sessions on it in one day.. 

I had a key get a little sticky but it cleared up. That would be my only complaint, is the lack of being able to fix the keyboad. I love everythjing else about it though.
This is just a regular day I don’t get it
Lol if you get rid of lib arts it doesn’t matter what level it’s on I’m talking across HS and university... no more education degrees for high school teachers... no more college professors or hs teachers for English, literature, art, history, etc.. 

You might think it’s bad now but getting rid of everyone won’t make it improve.. lol. 

And yeah.. I know.. I’ve done social psych research for the past 2 years as a psych major.. 

But I also work with people in leadership, and people who work with gender studies and gender biases... people who aren’t necessarily in psych but still conduct research with us. Would double majoring/solo majoring in psych be better/easier?
So they're making fun of a conservative stereotype by using the extreme person\- someone who's racist and uses slurs.

How is this an issue? If this was a play or movie no one would have any issue with this\- i.e. any movie who tries to portray a racist. People saying they shouldn't have used slurs would be like telling LDC that he couldn't say Ni\-\- in Django.
"13\-inch MacBook Pro \(non Touch Bar\) Battery Replacement Program"

no
am I the only one who has 0 issues with the new keyboard? aside from the repair issues typing feels fine and I don't understand how you dont know what a keystroke is on it. 
>Which is understandable. Just have to buy the long range one and put slugs in it but that’s still 2k certs to even be viable at range. Just more grinding.

did you not read my comment lmao
Unexpected district 9 
Because their range sucks donkey dingus

Which is understandable. Just have to buy the long range one and put slugs in it but that’s still 2k certs to even be viable at range. Just more grinding. 

Also the nade launcher TR Max gun. 
As an NC main I have to say: the only reason I don’t switch to TR is because 

1) the grind. My level 30 TR is laughable compared to my 57 NC. The grind sucks asshole. 

2) my outfit. (82MI- come play with us) 

I personally think TR/VS guns >> NC guns. The TR guns are WAY more forgiving than NC. Plus I’m not really a fan of the shotgun maxes. 
I pinged the community managers but you should also tweet it at them.

https://www.reddit.com/r/Planetside/wiki/devtracker

That has all the devs and their reddit names, and twitter handles. 
Yeah, that’s pretty shitty of him. Probably didn’t think anyone would have it on video. 

Hopefully he answers the pings to explain himself. I pinged wrel, hopefully he sees it and can say something to someone.
I think hell froze over 
Seems like a dev is being a little naughty 

Any other devs we can ping? They should all see this (I just recently started playing again.. I don’t know any of the devs now) 

Edit:

U/wrel
Alright no more lib arts degree- 

Who the fuck is gonna teach history now? 

Shit we don’t have anyone to teach us English either 

Wait, what about logic? Yeah that ones gone too. 

Who’s going to write laws? No more public policy people.. 

Liberal arts degrees can most certainly get you jobs. If you get a degree in women and genders studies you’re going to have to teach and do research like social psych research. 


Your average masters holder in any field aren’t more intelligent than the other. 

The person that’s pioneering new, groundbreaking information for the field? Probably a bit more intelligent. 


Lol like a US rebellion would be a clean break with the military siding wholly with one side. 

They wouldn’t. It would be army v army. 

These people disagreeing with you aren’t rebel wannabes. Sorry you can’t discredit everyone attacking your flawed opinion. 
There is clearly evidence that a variety of factors con- tribute to the misidentification of ADHD in children. Each of these factors is well documented in the literature on the assessment of ADHD. However, at least on a qualitative review, there does not appear to be sufficient evidence that these factors systematically favor false positives over false negatives. For ADHD to be overdiagnosed, the number of children incorrectly diagnosed with ADHD must be large enough to account for the well-documented underidentifi- cation of girls with ADHD and the widespread barriers to mental health service utilization. Furthermore, many of the factors contributing to false positives, in particular, can be reduced through careful and thorough assessment. Studies examining the extent to which mental health pro- fessionals and pediatricians adhere to best practices in the assessment of ADHD will shed additional light on the impact of these factors on misdiagnosis (e.g., Handler & Du Paul, 2005).

That’s a summary paragraph they had in there. 

I’ll try to get it tomorrow for you, it’s 1am here so I’m about to hit the hay. The basic gist is that people (like the other guy who commented, and yourself) are right when you say thy ADHD is misdiagnosed. Especially with people around the age cutoffs. But that number isn’t a significant amount of people. 

There’s also a number of people who don’t meet criteria but from the words of the leader expert on ADHD (paraphrased) Dr. Russel Barkley- if they show impairment.. then doctors are probably going to treat them. Psychologists are here to help people. These borderline cases where people have impairment are an important part of ADHD and I’m reallly Interested to see what the next edition of the DSM does to address it (if anything) 

Also, the safety and generally low addiction potential of adderall and other stimulant medication (if taken CORRECTLY.. that means don’t crush it and snort it.) means that it doesn’t really matter if people without adhd are given pharmaceutical treatment for the disorder. Also, the behavioral therapies could only help them. 

Now there’s a lot that I don’t agree about dealing with ADHD, the DSM, and treatment, but I don’t think that overdx is a big issue.  
Results and Conclusion: Based on the review of prevalence studies and research on the diagnostic process, there does not appear to be sufficient justification for the conclusion that ADHD is systematically overdiagnosed. Yet, this conclusion is generally not reflected in public perceptions or media coverage of ADHD. Potential explanations for the persistence of the belief in the overdiagnosis of ADHD are offered. (J. of Att. Dis. 2007; 11(2) 106-113)

http://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/1087054707300094

I guess the link I gave before didn’t work for you

I can dig out my adhd seminar syllabus, we looked at a bunch of studies that corroborated the findings of that one. 
http://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/1087054707300094
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?hl=en&as_sdt=0%2C47&q=adhd+is+not+overdiagnosed&oq=adhd+is+not+#d=gs_qabs&p=&u=%23p%3DZRU9MdSDx0IJ
No no no it’s “yeah they always say there’s only a few bad apples, but they never finish it... THEY SPOIL THE BUNCH!!!” 
There’s no research that says ADHD is over diagnosed or misdiagnosed on a significant level.
Accent. Just because you say y’all or talk with a southern accent doesn’t mean you’re stupid, and frankly I’m tired of even seeing this stupid trope. 

I don’t even have an accent but holy fuck is it annoying to see people talk down to people with southern accents. 
I had a time like this!!! 

I was at the beach with some friends and a one of the friends family, and we were drinking and A passed out. B and I were chillin outside and A gets up and walks to the TV stand and starts to undo his pants before we bang on the window and he stopped and went back to the couch 

Yes, I have it on video. 
How is it scary? If you go to the doctor and say you have a migraine even though you don’t, he’s going to give you medication for it. 

Pro tip: don’t lie about your mental status 
Yes... it is... its not like it’s hundreds of dollars. It’s like $10. If you don’t have time for it then don’t join or ask to be exempted. It’s really not that hard. You need members at chapter to make decisions. You need people at community service events to actually get things done. 

What’s your master plan? Hope everyone comes? That won’t happen lol. 
not really
>It's just an elite club you can only join if you have money, typical and old.

None of the brothers who couldn't afford it had to pay anything in mine.


Sorry I decided that I was being too much of a dick?
Haha oh boy look at this expert opinion boys
>Because the fees themselves are bullshit?

Dues: pays for scholarship/financial help for members who can't afford, events that cost money (like formals), INSURANCE (it is very expensive to insure a srat/frat house. 

Fees: ensures people actually go to events that they're required to go to. 

If she's too busy she should drop the sorority or go on alumni status. It's not that much work. You go to chapter for 1-2 hours once a week. You have community service hours/days. IT's not that big of a deal.  

>And if you're going to come at my claims with smug pretentious attitude, actually provide counter arguments instead of just saying "you don't know what you're taking about."

You don't even understand why fees have a purpose and you want me to explain how cults, pyramid schemes, and greek life works? 


>The fact that you're using "geed" unironically is hilarious given what the video is about.

Yea dude, it's a joke. stop being such a geed.
There's more people butthurt about fraternities and sororities than there are people sticking up for them buddy
> way they manipulate her

What? How is she "manipulated" into paying dues and going to the events that all members have to attend? 

>I'd say they're more of a pyramid scheme than a cult, but the comparison is definitely fair.

Then obviously you don't know what either a pyramid scheme, cult, or sorority are. 

>When they use shady door salesman/MLM marketing and outreach tactics with cult-like iconography and manipulation, 

Yea you really don't know what you're talking about
>You bought lifelong friends and opportunities.

Yeah dude throwing in money with friends to party and do fun shit is the same thing as buying friends, fuckin geed.
jesus christ how much did those guys pay y'all to advertise
It’s such a shame that the TR have the perfect look for chaos marines (black, red) but lore wise NC fits it more. 

I don’t care though just let me use a chain sword while I purge the filthy van——-xeno
Holy fuck
(Space marine intensifies)
Filthy xeno
If he doesn’t have those traits then he’s not being god like. 

He’s being saint like. He’s being holy. 

They’re two different words because they mean two completely different things. You can call it dense, but really it’s just literally how the words are used. 
Except he’s missing the omniscience, omnipotence, and omnipresence aspect of being a god. 
Who said I had a god? I’m just staying a fact that this man isn’t a god. The fact that you care so much about what I believe is actually really telling. 
They just said there’s absolutely no other side to the coin, no arguments against it, no drawbacks, and if you hate it then fuck you. They were super high-horsey about it. 

It was super irritating to be talked at like I was a child for thinking that maybe there could be some benefits to plan it out more and it wasn’t the catch all that people were saying. 

They also seem pretty biased during races (maybe that’s changed) but I was willing to put that aside because there’s a lack of really good f1 podcasts like it. Ever since the halo thing though, nah. I was done then. 
They really turned me off with their coverage about the HALO controversy 
Ehhhhhhhh....

Edit: either you all actually think this man is a god or hate the fact that I don’t want to call a man a god. That’s stupid. He’s a saint. Not a god. /r/atheism out in full force today boys. 
Make it the next GoT...


S1: The emperor saves mankind, finale: his primarchs are scattered

S2: The emperor finds his primarchs and starts the conquest

S3/S4?: Horus Heresy

S5: the rebuilding of the imperium

and so on... all the suggestions I've seen say that "you can't depict a space marine".. yes you can. You have to. I think that the emperor, prim arch(s), and a space marine commander and a regular imperial guard commander should all be characters where they get bounced around to

They HAVE to go big with it. It can't be half assed following normal people around. We HAVE to show the scale that Wh30k/40k is. that's one of the biggest pieces of the story.


There would be a lot of disengage and resetting to finish off the opponent. It’s not that different from fencing aside from the fact that they get points and obviously one lives. 

Just because I cut your head doesn’t mean I’m automatically set up to then actually kill you. I might (probably) have to disengage and reset for another try for a thrust to the chest or head, etc, or keep wearing you down with cuts to the arm, hands, legs, etc. 


watch any longsword tournament highlight video. It's very technical and skillful. 
well fencing came about from the swords they used later on (rapiers, epees, etc) and the style of fighting with those weapons. "fencing" itself was used as training for these guys.. using blunt federschwarts (sp?) to practice and train.. which then turned into sport. 
it depends on the fighter. you can be extremely aggressive and win every match or be defensive (like may weather) and win every fight.

These parries usually don't work on the first parry because they can react too. These plays are assuming they don't react. 
sometimes fighting people who have no idea what they're doing is harder because they don't do what you're supposed to do

source: I do longsword fencing
I mean if you consider education as pay to win (private v public) then yes, it's the same general concept. These styles were taught to beat the common fencing (what the masses knew) and also other instructed people.

Hm. I would reckon it's just the game needing another optimization swing though then. 
Sorry to raise up a 4 day old thread but: Happens to me too (I think?) Whenever I look at a group of enemies or am near a bunch of people (usually 96+, even when I can't see them) I get the worst keyboard input lag. 

Specs: i5 6600, GTX 1070, 16gb RAM. I get ~180 FPS on a mix of ultra/high (minus shadows and particles) at base and ~60 in 96+ but if I EVER drop below ~80 FPS the input lag starts to happen for me. Have you checked your CPU usage? I'm ALWAYS at 100% when running this game (no matter what basically.. flying over deserted area drops down to like 80 I think.) Also, have you noticed it anywhere else? This is a universal thing for me, not just Xelas. I'm kind of desperate for a fix for this, not sure if it's my system or a planetside thing. I feel like I should be able to handle this game fine even in 96+ v 96+.. Even considered getting a new mobo and 8600k or 8700k haha. 
I bought and sold a lot of BMWs and the only issue we EVER had was special tools. No software necessary. The only thing you would need BMW specific computers for would be flashing it or actually coding the car.. but you're not going to need that like ever. 
Let’s get rid of the input lag then do that 
Part of participating in an unlawful assembly means you have to face the consequences of that. That can mean getting tear gassed, pepper sprayed, etc in an attempt to get the crowd to disperse. I don’t care if you participate but know what you’re getting into. 
They announce it 

Otherwise refer to the other persons point: disperse when the police tell you to. 
It’s late stage capitalism, they’re not the brightest economic minded people. 
I’ve seen multiple people say that bloom is necessary for balance on fortnite and planetside subreddits 
>When do you tip?

Did someone bring you food and drinks?

>When do you not? 

Did you get your own food and drinks?

>How much do you tip?

15-25% depending on how good service was

it's not hard


well technically they make at least minimum wage if tips don't cover the remaining 5. You can't just pay your employee $2 an hour and say "you're SOL bud didn't get enough tips"... that's not legal. Tips are just extra if they break the minimum wage point.
i dont get why people defend bloom so much
I was just trying to find a middle ground with that guy because its clear he knows nothing about f1

forza ferrari
Holy shit you’re such a condescending prick 

Wtf are you saying the f1 experience car is a modified 1998 tyrell f1 car it’s not “built to look like one” it literally is one that’s been modified to hold 2 people. It runs a cosworth v10 that puts out 750bhp. It is a f1 car. Just a modified one. 

You’re right in saying it probably can’t pull the 4/5/6gs on turns, though. 
Why not both
R/PeOpLeFuCkInGdYiNg
Can confirm 
The racing god giveth a position, and the racing god taketh you out of the race. 
You’re really not comprehending what I or the other dude said man 
Boy you need to work on your reading comp skills 
Someone do a “let’s see who you really are” meme with max and it pulls off his helmet to see Maldonado 
$50 says max spins it to try to absolve himself of blame 
Verstappen needs to grow up. 

Marshals should have given him a penalty that would have actually hurt him. 
>tfw Alonso can only pass vetted when he’s in a damaged car 
10 second penalty, will still finish ahead of the guy he hit, and fucks up WDC points. 

Fucking joke 
RIP Ferrari hype train race 1-race 3 
I'll try switching it to a new port, also gonna reinstall and see if that helps anything. 

Thanks!
but it's only when PS2 is pop heavy near me. I can log into the training server and have 0 input issues and be fine, but go to The Crown or a bio lab during a huge fight then it happens. It's fine on other games, too (i.e. fortnite, overwatch). I don't see how that could be indicative of a keyboard issue? I mean it's possible that it is, I just don't see how the two correlate and if you could explain that to me I'd be grateful. 
> US fell to Trump

wow lmao this is stupid
Haven't touched it :/ 
So what does affect it? If I'm stable FPS, connection doesn't matter, what's going on? 
Nope, it'll work fine sometimes. Just gets fucky with a bunch of people around. I hold a steady 50-60fps though, and it's not jittery at all. My connection stays stable too. 
Yep, it's off 

this is weird i've never had these input lag issues before
Thanks! I'll go try that out and see what happens 

edit: no joy. Big fights are still killing me. FPS is stable around 50-60
Don’t think we need their help anyways, win win situation I guess.
Nope it’s not 
Trump meme’d the shit out of KJU with that 

And it was absolutely hilarious 
This is a real Russian troll guys. Not the people who like trump or don’t like trump. People that say stuff like THIS are part of an actual propaganda machine, rather than just disagreeing with your opinion on how to run a country. 
Who the fuck vacations in Chicago 
There’s no reason for you to be afraid of those guys and they’re proving that point. 
If it was within 60 seconds then the kitty will associate that tearing up TP means am I enjoyable experience will happen and with enough training (might only be this once) he or she won’t do it again. 

That’s also assuming the kitty doesn’t enjoy it. Which is possible. 
If it’s within 60 seconds then yes. If not then they’d need language for behavior analogues that use rules and can stretch past the need for close to immediate feedback 
It doesn’t have to be while they’re doing it. 

It’s within 60 seconds. 

You can use a multitude of different things. What the video is showing, as the cat probably doesn’t enjoy that happening. Loud noises, as again the car probably won’t like that. Restraint, etc. these would all be punishment contingencies. 
Tell that to ARMA 
Mattis said he had conclusive evidence. 

Russia blocks all UN investigations. 


Go back to /r/politics I come here to talk about the pats not fucking bullshit like this 
Now do it on a stage when you’re already tired and hot and running around with a bunch of Adrenalin running through your system 
so invading syria 
/r/motorsportsstreams 
Holy shit y’all are stupid 
The investigation Russia won’t let happen? Lmao 

Mattis said he had conclusive evidence. 
Today on reddit; defense of the dictator Saddam, and how he was good for them even though he brutally oppressed the population. 
The US doesn’t need ME oil my man 
I don't think anyone here was trying to argue that people not in the financial situation to buy a BMW should buy a BMW which is what your argument looks like 
Think of it like Ashville-lite. Not as hippy/progressive, but not super southern either 
You're missing the point that if you have the money to afford it doesn't really matter.
SC is super rooted in its past. I mean Charleston is basically the perfect embodiment of that idea while Greenville is the more "hey look at our super progressive southern city that's like super up and coming"

Well it's not super progressive but it's the pendulum is starting to shift to the opposite side
That’s entirely dependent on the financial status of the buyer. If they make 100K a year and have everything else paid off, retirements are getting funded, etc then spending 40k or taking on payments for a car is not a bad decision at all.

There’s no reason for them to pick a cheap car over a new car. 

Now if you’re trying to argue that people without such stability.. well yea no shit. No one is arguing against that. 
I had an 06 325i that had the VANOS system start to go 

Ohhh boy I was never so glad to have someone run a redlight and total my car 

Then I bought an 08 335i... I miss that car 
/r/humblebrag
08-09 should be in the 6k range now. There’s no way you’re getting a 2013 for 6k unless it’s 200k+ miles or has frame damage 

Source: I bought and sold a lot of BMWs from auction at a small lot one summer. Also owned 2 that I got from said auction. 
The only thing I’ve ever heard about Koreans and gaming that’s negative is that they’re ULTRA racist on LoL 
As a native South Carolinian, that guy is full of shit (the one who specifically calls out SC) 

Greenville is one of the fastest growing cities in the country lol 
Now figure out how to put redundant organs in him, make him about 7 feet and an absolute unit, and come up with some wicked strong armor for him that looks surprisingly like a WH40k space marine 
Except no one was behind the cop for him to even signal. it jumps to the next one and the cop is nowhere near in view so thats pretty telling that he really wouldnt have accomplished anything. 
i mean i get your point, I just think it would have been useless. 
if hes on his way to a call he cant sit there with his lights on, he has to keep going. You want him to turn his lights on for what, 3 seconds? That wouldn't have helped anything
On his way to a call?

Transporting a prisoner? 

.....
Cop could have been transporting a prisoner.. on the way to a call... or a multitude of things that excuse not stopping..;.
iOS has it as well
I’m not parting out or shipping anything as said in the description 
I'm not understanding what your argument is anymore. the Bible clearly doesn't show support for abortion- wasn't that your original argument?

It could be interpreted either way. Also.. exodus. not NT. 

>When the "children come out" after hitting that's never a good thing. There wasn't NICU back then.

And it's also possible that the child was still fine. 

>I'm just sick of the bible being touted as some superior source of morality and used to hinder progress.

anything can be used correctly or for bad purposes. People who are using the Bible to "hinder progress" - I'm assuming you mean people against LGBT, etc, are not correctly following the teachings that the Bible presents. Just as ISIS, etc are not correctly following the teachings, etc etc.

The majority of churches honestly could care less about LGBT laws, etc. An argument that the Bible was FOR abortion is absolutely impossible to make there's nothing in the bible hat states that god didn't care if a woman purposefully killed the child inside of her. The only one you have listed, if interpreted that way, is that if two men accidentally cause premature birth then that's not bad. It doesn't talk about people doing it on purpose. ergo- you can't apply that to abortion. There was no practice of abortion then. The arguments of "when is a fetus considered a human" is a new question. If we decide it's at conception, then it's murder and against the teachings of the Bible. If it's not until birth, then it's not. The morality of abortion is also a very heated debate that I am not trying to have. I'm just saying that there is NO SUPPORT for the argument that God doesn't care about abortion in the Bible because its wholly untrue.




> Cops are fucking stupid.

lmao
Oof
>“When men strive together and hit a pregnant woman, so that her children come out, but there is no harm, the one who hit her shall surely be fined, as the woman's husband shall impose on him, and he shall pay as the judges determine. 23 But if there is harm,[d] then you shall pay life for life, 24 eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot, 25 burn for burn, wound for wound, stripe for stripe.

Why don't you cite the ENTIRE part next time? Stop trying to lie about shit that doesn't even matter. Why are you so personally invested in this? Like literally all i have to do is plug it into google and read the entire context. You've done this multiple times now.

Just because the bible doesn't condone abortion you're going to lose your personal identity or something? Come on girl. 

I guess I can keep replying. It's not like it's hard to just quote the entirety of the passages that you cite to easily prove you wrong, lol. It's getting funny at this point. I know it's going to go nowhere, but it's funny. Don't get so personally invested in this. Open your mind. Learn something new! 


URM status helps a lot with law schools 

Go plug you numbers in on any calculator then tick the box for URM and see how much they change. 
I was told it was 5.0 but I mean my weighted gpa was only in the high 3s so don’t take my word for it 
Softs help a lot. For masters, phds, law schools, anything. 
HERESY! 
I would argue that it is not.
It’s not fair to categorize every murderer as insane as it only further stigmatizes mental health and it’s just not true. 
I saw it as like the way where you have a really good friend and y'all get put on the other team and he spawn traps  you and you say "ah what a dickhead" but after the match you make up kind of dickhead

not like "what a fucking dickhead, he's gonna actually catch these hands" dickhead
You honestly think exec salaries are big enough to fun RD for pharmacy companies? 

Jesus 
You've still yet to list 1 instance of an abortion in the Bible sanctioned by God. I can't respond to arguments that are just ignoring what I've said over and over and over again. 

 >Jesus himself says that the law does not change "one jot or tittle" and that it should be followed (Matthew 5:18-19.)

I am not the Catholic Church. I told you the opinion of the Catholic Church. If you have issue with this I suggest you talk to someone who studies theology and can answer your question.

>Ahhhh but Jesus IS God!! Wait, the NT says he's the son......

god is the father, the son, and the Holy Spirit. (This comment of yours just seems needlessly dickish? )

>If the OT doesn't count, then what makes Jesus so special? Didn't the OT predict his coming? Creationists obviously think the OT is important.

The OT LAWS don't apply because they were there to prepare for the new laws that were set in place by Jesus. That doesn't mean the OT didn't happen. Are you misunderstanding the whole "OT laws don't apply anymore because the new law satisfies/replaces the old laws."? I didn't say the OT never happened. That's my understanding, at least. At it seems to be the position of the Catholic Church. There are others who say they still apply, and some who say only some apply since certain aspects (e.g. sacrifice) were fulfilled by Jesus (e.g. sacrifice: you wouldn't bother sacrificing anything after the greatest sacrifice had been given- Jesus.)

You should email a local church, someone who has a better background in theology can actually have the philosophical debates you want to have. You're very clearly an atheist and it really seems like you're trying to just back up your own viewpoint rather than actually see and understand what I have said multiple times in an attempt to get me in a gotcha moment or something. You're very clearly not making any attempt to have a discussion so I'm just not going to bother wasting any more of my time with this. 


Most plans allow you to upgrade every year for the same price as holding onto it for another year. 

Only difference is when you skip 2+ gens 
How is this ww3
Almost like his military a higher ups said yea you can say that 
So what should Mercedes have done? Put one/both after raikkonen crash for SS? 
You’re a really bad troll lol 
Are you even american? 

Dear Sub-Human Filth,

I'm appealing to all of you stupid idiots to vote Democrat in 2018. That is if you have the basic education enough to read a ballot, anyway. I understand the majority of you racist rednecks can't even read this post, though. But those who can, please pass my message on to the rest of your inbred family.

We Democrats are morally, culturally and intellectually superior to you in every way. I will qualify myself by noting that I have a Liberal Arts degree from a college, which you obviously have never been to, if you even know what one is. I also have a black friend. I have been told by several professors that everything you hold dear is terrible. Therefore you, personally, are also terrible.

I don't know you, but I know that you're racist. I also know that you hate gay people and still get scared during lightning storms.

The religion which you hold closely, greatly believe in, and which brings you comfort--you are wrong because I'm smarter than you and I'm telling you so. It is one of the many reasons why you are stupid and I'm better than you.

You see, us Democrats want a system which helps everyone in the world. Our system is designed around love and kindness to everyone. If you don't agree, I hate you.

It's not too late to change. If you knew your history, which of course you don't, you'll remember a time in America when Indians were dragged away from their homes and forced to assimilate into white society. Well, we want to change that kind of behaviour (sorry for my spelling, as I'm not from your country) by making sure you go to college and have a small apartment in a big, busy coastal city, where you belong. That will help you rid yourselves of your backward, incorrect culture and way of thinking. We'll do everything we can to make sure you agree with us and say all the right things and not be brainwashed against thinking the same way we do.

All of you stupid, backward, redneck, racist, homophobic, uneducated yokels need to realize we're trying to build a classless society where we all get to live in harmony with each other, where we're all equal. If you only understood that you wouldn't be so much worse of a person than I am.

So please vote Democrat. Help me help you, you worthless motherfuckers.

Sincerely,
>Back then, getting your period was pretty much the only pregnancy test there was. It's significant. Clearly the bible is very concerned about women getting pregnant with the wrong guy.

>But even if this isn't about abortion, the other passages are pretty explicit. The bible has no problem whatsoever with it.

And you've still yet to show where God was OK with the practice of abortion, or where they actively aborted a baby. 

>Matthew 5:17 

There's a few different interpretations but the catholic church's position is that the old laws were in preparation for the gospel and as such are no longer binding since the new law takes its place. 

Also, acts 15: 8 And God, who knows the heart, bore witness to them, by giving them the Holy Spirit just as he did to us, 9 and he made no distinction between us and them, having cleansed their hearts by faith. 10 Now, therefore, why are you putting God to the test by placing a yoke on the neck of the disciples that neither our fathers nor we have been able to bear? 11 But we believe that we will be saved through the grace of the Lord Jesus, just as they will.”

Yes, about 50% of the country are idiots. Totally. Just because you don't agree with WHY people did something (like, say, SCOTUS nominations) doesn't mean they're idiots. 
Are you seriously trying to say that in a story where it doesn't mention being pregnant at all, it's correct to interpret it - out of the MANY ways you could interpret it - to mean abortion? That just seems absolutely silly. She's not stated to be pregnant and thigh rot can mean her not being able to reproduce anymore, without being pregnant from the adultery.  

>Why wasn't God opposed to abortion in the first place in the other passages?

When, in any of the stories mentioned, did they attempt to abort a baby?

Again, bear in mind, Jesus satisfied all of the old testament laws. So, try to find something from the NT. 

If you're really not understanding what i'm saying I can try to rephrase things. It seems like you see absolute proof that God is ok with something that there isn't proof of.
Nowhere in  Numbers 5:11-31 (the entire story) does it state that the woman is pregnant. only that she is suspected of adultery. Ergo- you cannot assume it means abortion. It could mean that she's no longer able to reproduce. It could be just a literal bleeding that is like the period that goes away. 

You've yet to list one example where there was no problem with abortion before. 

edit: now if you want to make the argument that god doesn't care if HE (HE AS IN GOD) kills people then yeah, you can make that argument. God stuck down a lot of people in the old testament regardless of age. Nowhere i've seen does god sanction the practice of an abortion though. >> especially in the new testament.. since the whole christians dont really follow the OT b/c of the new covenant thing though. 
So her thigh rotting is somehow being interpreted as abortion? How? That’s not really being clearly defined. It could mean A LOT of things. 

>Hosea 9:14

Nothing actually happens in this verse. "give them a miscarrying womb and dry breasts."  does not imply that god did give them.


*also dont cherry pick your bible verses, give the context man*

**GENSIS:**

24 About three months later Judah was told, “Your daughter-in-law Tamar is guilty of prostitution, and as a result she is now pregnant.”

Judah said, “Bring her out and have her burned to death!”

25 As she was being brought out, she sent a message to her father-in-law. “I am pregnant by the man who owns these,” she said. And she added, “See if you recognize whose seal and cord and staff these are.”

26 Judah recognized them and said, “She is more righteous than I, since I wouldn’t give her to my son Shelah.” And he did not sleep with her again.

27 When the time came for her to give birth, there were twin boys in her womb. 28 As she was giving birth, one of them put out his hand; so the midwife took a scarlet thread and tied it on his wrist and said, “This one came out first.” 29 But when he drew back his hand, his brother came out, and she said, “So this is how you have broken out!” And he was named Perez.[a]

See how nothing actually happens here?

edit: I edited a bunch of stuff into this. Might wanna reread. 

Based on what exactly
This interpretation is not the normal one. It’s not backed up by any other translation. The ONLY one to use it is the NIV. 

Where was it written that the children were actually spontaneously miscarried, too? It’s not in numbers. I didn’t say it either. 
Are you just purposefully misreading what I’m saying or do you actually not understand or are you not wanting to understand?  

You’ve yet to actually respond to anything I’ve said.

1) not even a real argument because it's the wrong translation 

2) God strikes down people all the time in the OT. God killing the unborn child is no different than God killing anyone else. God can kill anyone he wants at any time he wants. 

3) just because a priest asks god to do it doesn’t mean god is bound to do it ergo the priest asking god means absolutely jack shit. 
Only if you drop literally anywhere anyone else drops* 
Not handed out like candy? I think 90% of people  on here would say that no knock raids are entirely overused and given based on dodgy information I.e. criminal informants 
> 21 here the priest is to put the woman under this curse—“may the Lord cause you to become a curse[b] among your people when he makes your womb miscarry and your abdomen swell. 22 May this water that brings a curse enter your body so that your abdomen swells or your womb miscarries.”


That doesn’t seem to me like priest sanctioned abortion. It seems like god striking down the child as a punishment for sins which was not uncommon in the OT. Which the Christians don’t really follow anyways... 


Also the only translation to use miscarriage is the NIV.. so...

**edit:**

Nowhere in numbers 5 does it say the "adulterer" is pregnant. It is purely a "test" for adultery. The "thigh rot" that it is called in other translations could mean anything, and taking it to mean "abortion" is a super reach. 

Jesus Christ y’all just don’t stop
HE BLOCKED HIS SHTYLE
Yeah dude Detroit and Chicago are doing so well lol
He ain’t wrong 
I’m glad your experience was better(?) than others. It’s always nice to have the other side of the coin. 


>“Do you think liberals actually want to take your guns” 

>>”we should repeal the second amendment”

Woooo lad 


I’m not qualified but I’d say put a tight group into the driver window to break it/kill him while using a coordinated, tactical withdrawal 

And don’t waste all your RPGs 
Haha sorry man it’s just such a pain in the ass 
“No one wants to take your guns” a subreddit dedicated to showing where people are actively trying to take your guns or severely restrict the 2A. 
/r/NOWTTYG
Liberals:  

“We need to de stigmatize mental health”

Also liberals:

“PSYCHOSIS LEVEL RACISM” 

(Poor dude probably doesn’t even know what psychosis is) 
So you’re saying that an extreme minority who was normally outcasted from regular republican, GOP, or conservative groups have been able to come out as a vocal minority but it’s still the umbrella regular conservatives fault? 
That’s just bad advice. 
>Conservatives call everybody else snowflakes, but have no issues demeaning and threatening school shooting survivors over a difference of opinion.


you honestly think these people are representative of about 50% of the population?
Hahah thanks 
I don’t think max was anticipating the mclaren braking so hard right there then tries to swing outside more but can’t recover it. 

Yeah, Hamilton could have let off more but I don’t think he anticipated Max swinging that far left and not leaving him any space. Hamilton let off a bunch and was basically giving it to max. 


Racing incident. People getting super upset for no reason. 
Hahah holy shit 
They're not dangling a carrot if there's a line there that everyone knows means you cant cross it
I'd reckon if the mechanic wasn't injured they could have rolled it back and kept working on it but since Francesco got hurt the mechanics were busy helping him.
we should all tweet them or something to try to get them to do it again
Are you on the square? 
Here’s a pretty good article on it: https://psychcentral.com/lib/become-a-better-listener-active-listening/

I can’t promise that it’ll diffuse the situation, but i hope it works for you. Good luck man. 

Hey so I dug a little in your history for more backstory and from what I can tell it seems like she’s being treated currently but the medicAtions might not really be working? 

So the thing with bpd is that lithium only works for about 33% of people. Sometimes it can take multiple tries of different medications to get one that really works. (which can take weeks or months)

Just hang in there, be supportive. I can’t tell you how to fix the relationship with your mom, or tell you how to instantly fix BPD, but it seems like it is really important to you and it’s hurting you that she feels that way about you. 

Use active listening techniques. Make sure you understand what she says. Summarize it back to her. Ask her to expand on her ideas. Repeat things back so she knows you’re understanding. That’s a really rough intro to it and it takes LOTS of practice to do it 100% but it might be helpful. 

If you ever need an ear or have any specific questions about BPD and it’s treatments, etc I’d be more than happy to try to help you. Bear in mind I am not a licensed psychologist. Nothing I’m saying here should be taken like I am. I just want to make sure that’s 100% clear. I hope I’ve been st least a little bit helpful- I’m just trying really hard to not overstep any boundaries. 

Edit 2: also; CBT (and other types of therapy) is used to help manage it. Specifically I want to reference your comment about “mindsets and medications”. CBT would work to actively change how she thinks about things. 

Again. This is all based on extremely limited knowledge of your situation. I could be completely wrong. I do hope she gets better though, I’m sorry you have to go through this.
What lol 

and to think i spend months studying for the LSAT...
And socialism would fix that?
It is
How long did they hold her? 

I’m assuming she won’t go see a doctor on her own free will? 
Law as an undergrad major? Never heard of that before. 

Are you wanting to work in the medical field? If yes- on what side? Nurse/physician/psychologist, legal (which can include malpractice claims, in house counsel, writing healthcare policy, etc) or some other area? 
Does the college have gen ed requirements that make you take a variety of different intro courses? If so, pick ones that seem interesting and go from there. If not, still try to squeeze in one or two while doing your gen Ed’s (they’re easy As normally) to get a taste of different areas 

Do you have any career goals or jobs you’ve thought about? 
Don’t let people say Psych is useless. It opens up a bunch of stuff- you can do business, go into psychology/psychiatry, the legal field, etc. 

There’s a lot of opportunities- but you’re probably going to want to go to grad school. If you don’t think you would be able to (grades, GRE/LSAT/etc scores, or whatever) then you might want to consider something else. If I didn’t get into law school I would be working at a center that works with autistic/disabled children that does behavior modification, teaching, etc and getting my masters/PhD in something behavior related 
33.3333334

Good luck!! 
For what crime exactly
You want to deport people who think differently than you? 
Was it unnecessary when Obama did it?

https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2018/04/03/politics/border-troops-deployed-obama-bush/index.html
So I’ve heard! I’m honestly just not a big reader. 
Almost like laws vary from state to state! (as he said)

so it doesn't, really
I would sell my soul for a war hammer 40k series like Star Wars 

I played the table top briefly (go grey knights) but it was so expensive. But the lore.. the imperium.. the general aesthetic.. jesus 

(Netflix please bb)
They fought for the land and won. You might think it’s shitty but at the end of the day whoever has a better army controls the land. 

South Americans are free to try that strategy, but I can tell you how it’ll end: badly. 
Obama and bush both did this 

So if I were Mexico I would do what I did when they sent them. 
Obama and bush have both literally sent troops to the border before dude 
National guard is the military and they can act on our soil broski
Or maybe they just actually didn’t know that fact? 

But nah gotta shit on religion right man 
I'm gonna take my Yeti
So I'm: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hou0lU8WMgo

Nice to know you know all the evidence that's being presented though, that's really cool! I could have used your omniscience for a lot. 

>Like I said, you seem like a weasel.

If I cared what a random dude on the internet thought then boy I would be in for a world of hurt. No need to get so angry dude, you're gonna give yourself a stroke. 
>TFW 1 comment out of like 20 said something that's wrong while the rest spelled out in explicit detail what could happen

>>all the replies have said what I meant and what's correct which you could have acknowledged but instead refused to see it and get the first comment stuck up your cra

>>>not cherry picking

hmmm

>Too bad you don't know the law.

Please state how "If they can prove fraud then he has a case but if they can't then it's not" is me not knowing the law? Because it sounds like you're still clinging to that first comment like a man hanging from a cliff. Because you are, and without it you don't really have an argument. I've corrected myself multiple times. I really don't see why you're so angry.

>You could be a lawyer, you are a weasel.

Thanks! 

>*Not really you just kind of said things about how you might technically possibly may be right. If you someone will lose a case 99,999/100,000 they technically CAN (your word which apparently makes you technically correct) win the case. In practical legal terms the rest of that consider that no case.

So what you're saying is that I'm right and the two possibilities are what I listed? 
*or he could have committed fraud and there is a document proving it, there could be a case

Like the rest of my comments have said, which again apparently you couldn’t read. 

If you picked cherries any harder you might have chosen the wrong career, John deer could probably model a tractor after you. 
I never said that without a doubt he had a case 

I said (let me quote since you can’t read):

“Fraud CAN certainly apply here”

“The court will decide if there is sufficient proof or not” 

“It’s possible that he has proof and a case or possible that the salesman did nothing illegal”

So yea bud, check up on those reading comprehension skills. 

Finally, claim can again mean much more. You literally can’t draw a conclusion one way or another until a judge sees it and decides. Yes they claim the value was gone. Okay, what evidence is there that says it could be fraud? We don’t know- We don’t have the evidence that’s being provided. All we have is people reporting on it who are probably barley aware of legal terminology and needs that would apply in this case. 

Again, nothing I have said is incorrect in any way because I haven’t taken a position one way or another. I just listed teo possibilities that could unfold.

You’re really shitty at being condescending, btw. 
Do they have restrictions on belt fed? 
Sounds like you haven’t gotten a degree at all 
Sounds like bullshit 
And you know there’s not hard evidence- say a document? “Insisting” doesn’t mean that there isn’t anything there- it doesn’t mean he ONLY has his word. I can insist you committed fraud  and ALSO have the evidence to prove it. 

I never made the claim that without evidence it’s still illegal. In fact, I’ve said that without evidence he can’t do anything. 

Again, ALL I’ve said is that it’s possible Brees has actual evidence and it’s possible there is none ergo no case. 

You should work on your reading comp skills man, and don’t be so angry for no reason. 
The court will decide if there sufficient proof or not, how the fuck do you want me to prove it?It doesn’t work like that dude. 

Go back to logic 101, this isn’t debate club. I said it’s entirely possible that he’s right and fraud could apply here. It’s also possible that the salesman didn’t actually do illegal, and the court will decide. 

Nothing I’ve said is wrong. 
You missed out I sold one for 300 awhile back 
Fraud can certainly apply here. 
Fraud can certainly apply here. 
Or he could have been purposeful deceitful. 

Theres a case. 
Don’t lie to someone. 

Simple. 
Forget the general, call captain jack sparrow
Not as strict as they could/should be 
Don’t visit /r/politics
Most of us are in favor of stricter immigration? 

He hasn’t actually passed any gun control yet? 

Tariffs? Yeah, again, we’ll see what happens with that. 

I’m not holding my breath on anything he says actually happening. All presidents say a lot, while none do anything. 

He also appointed scotus and might appoint another, which is way more important than anything he can do in 4 years. You honestly think Hillary would be better for republicans? That’s hilarious dude 
Stricter borders =\= racist and xenophobia. 

Holy shit you’re a moron 

Yes educated people do come from there. We want them. Everyone does. We just don’t want their uneducated. 
I never claimed he loved them buddy I just stated a fact 
Stop trying to defend “your party” like it’s morally better because it ain’t 
Your standards are unrealistic for republicans. We can’t throw away everything we’re working for just because trump wants to limit legal immigration and prevent illegal immigration. 
She’s married to a citizen ergo she’s not illegal 
Wow it’s almost like we need to set restrictions on who can enter our country because we cant support every John and Jane doe that wants to live here 
You realize that to immigrate to most European countries you can’t come from one of those shitty countries with no education or money, right? They won’t let you in. You have to have formal education and money. 

His point is that he doesn’t want a bunch of uneducated people coming in to strain our system. You shouldn’t either. 
ITT: people don’t know what laws are 
Lol
Yep
Liberals:

Fat phobia is bad! 

Also liberals:

Trump is fat and ugly! 
Bills approval went up after the whole lewinsky thing. 

This just in: no one cares about that stuff! 
You’re saying what if a child of two Americans is born overseas, then orphaned? Well unless he’s a dual citizen he’s probably gonna get sent back to the states
Conservatives have picked and are sticking to it , which this dude is trying to explain to you, you’re just not acknowledging it in an attempt to say “ha, gotcha!” 
I had one of their fangbook laptops for 4 years. Thing still maxed out league on 140 FPS and ran great before I sold it. 

I miss it tbh. 

Love CyberpowerPC. Their support is killer too. 
They’re one above the linked that’s like 2k upvotes and gilded. 
This is a joke right 
TFW bad apple is used for something other than police 

And not saying that they “spoil the bunch”....
Yet y’all are still taking it way too seriously lmao 
No matter what you do you’re gonna piss people on reddit off. Who cares if the song is bad. Y’all just made some kids days/months/years because of what y’all did. Who cares if y’all get ad revenue or promo your channel for doing it, if it means you can do it again sometime then I think it’s a good thing. 
Y’all are taking this way too seriously lol 
Or they’ve discovered it’s easier to do that instead of hunting... 

It’s probably easier for a dolphin, regardless of supply, to break a net and take hundreds of fish with barely any effort than leading an actual hunt. 
I hit one 3 times earlier with a heavy shotgun and still didn’t kill the damn thing 

Tower hurting juice 
A three year old probably doesn’t have actual memories of the event. 
I think it would be more of a he was preventing cars from passing or has a train forming behind him 
I can go into the foodie part of town and get a burger for 8.99-9.99 at a sit down Resturant that’s actually really good 
I meant in the video you said. 
I had my wayfarers on croakies for like 3 years and never had a problem. They’re 6 years old now 
Mid tier pricing is like 7. If your sandwich costs the same as an entree from a Resturant, it’s not mid tier. 
Lol all the democrats like:

“Wow I love war now” 
Maybe if you live in NYC 


You realize that he was in a “shooting stance”right...? 
What even is my agenda? That I’m pointing out an obvious fact that reddit had a liberal bias? 
>check OPs history 

>”active in these subreddits:”

>>>> leagueoflegends and lolboosting

Tfw

/u/petachips you’re a scrub 
Wow 
“I phrase my statements poorly so people misunderstand them then get mad at them for it” 
You could have literally said that when I asked “so the republicans” but no you said “yes exactly!” But yea totally my fault for not reading your mind 
Hahahahah there it is 
So you’re calling republicans shitty people because you THINK their policies aren’t as good? 
Who is “shitty people”?
“Watch me prove Reddit’s bias “
Depends on your viewpoint but the obvious one people would say would be 

Rich voting democrat

Poor voting republican 

Shipping would be extra... I'm really not trying to ship it anyways. 
It’s funny because he posted in the other one imagine if someone did this to Hillary and someone replied “-4000” so he posted it and boy he was right

This isn’t an attack it’s a joke lol

You’re taking these 100% too seriously. I bet you actually believe the other but can’t see the irony that literally people on both sides are voting against their interests no matter how you put it. 
Seems like more people are triggered by this. 
Video link? Never saw that
They’re both literally the exact same thing dude and if you can’t find the humor in both of them then you obviously put way too much stock into your political ideology 
Til that pro Russia stuff = conservative 

(It’s not) 
It’s hilarious that the one bashing republicans has 3k upvotes whole this one is sitting at 0. 

This has been a copypasta in /r/shitpoliticssays for a long time 
If you honestly believe there is an anti dem circle jerk in any way on reddit outside of a few token conservative subreddits then you’re actually mentally deficient. 
Gonna swing by tomorrow, sorry I’ve been super busy and haven’t had a free moment. PM me a major city near you so I can get a quote as well
Adderall and other stimulants like it aren’t that addictive if you’re taking the prescribed amount in the manner it was prescribed (e.g. you’re not snorting all your adderall). Even if you’re not prescribed but taking it orally they’re not physically addictive. 

Source: lecture by Dr. Barkley, one of the leading experts on ADHD. 
It’s not. Unranked mmr or something is fuckey. 

I’m silver and I go up against platd and golds all the time and that’s just not fair 
I’m sold
Awesome setup man! 
PM me a zip code or a major city near you so I can get a quote for you 
I could try them and see- Ill update you when I swing by there 
Potentially, not sure how much it would cost at the minute. I’ve had a super busy week, but I can check Friday. I’d have to buy another box for the controllers and stand. 
Yep!

But if they fire her they’d get called bigots 

Really didn’t have a choice 
That’s not ptsd
Sure thing. I’ll post here once I get it figured out. 
I am still selling, and yeah. I would need to go get a quote from fedex (the Xbox box can’t hold everything, gotta get a new box, etc) but I’m super busy with school right now. I could probably go tomorrow or Wednesday and see. 
Except lie detector testing is still absolutely bunk science anyways. 
Ah the dudes comment was deleted I guess 
>Trump doesn’t do anything 

“OMG TRUMP DO SOMETHING” 

>trump does something 

“OMG ITS EXACTLY WHAT RUSSIA TOLD HIM TO DO” 
Regardless of how “minor” you think it is, it’s still a drug bro. So is alcohol. 
That doesn’t begin to justify smuggling drugs into a country 
Oh my bad
What about for the new people who just don’t know...?
No I mean “the American effect” 
/r/Motorsportsstreams
What does that even mean dude
Ok now instead use something that is a right not a privilege 
The wheels really came off their race 
You’re more likely to die from a lightening strike than be shot at school


Nice, more people not from America trying to tell us how to live 
Ask the Vietnamese 
This guy is more clutch than Danny amendola in the playoffs 
Lmao look at the turtles response. Holy shit do these people not see the irony???
You know what's really funny? you asked for a discussion then refuse to acknowledge what I say. 

See why I said I wasn't going to waste my time making a thoughtful reply? 

what an idiot 
Source


Well I’m just gonna tell you that the left literally does the same shit. You can find plenty of links in r/shitpoliticssays. The study I saw be presented didn’t say that “the right wing participates in it more” they specifically said “both sides are engaging in this behavior” and their hope was to not further polarize but to “encourage people to not paint sides with a broad brush because generalizations are rarely true” 

thenfact that you honestly can’t take any criticism about the left no matter how warranted it is shows how far gone you are. It isn’t politics for you, it’s tribalism. Come on dude. The left isn’t literally socialist baby killers and the right isn’t literally nazi fascists. Get your head out of your ass. 

The fact that you’re trying to justify yourself only shows how right their research was. Lol. It’s amazing really. 
Tons of US police have given their lives trying to defend others. Don’t let the small amount of bad shit paint every single officer. 
I’m not going to waste either of our time to type out a response you’re not gonna read and try to cherry pick and take things out of context. Your mind obviously won’t change and you insta downvote me, but you want me to put in effort? Get over yourself 

Also pew research has a graph that shows polarization and the left has actually gone further left than the right has gone further right. I was literally just at a social psych convention where it was used in a presentation on Donald trump, polarization, demonization of the opposite side, and politics. 
Trump was better than Clinton for many of us for a lot of reasons regardless of how much of an asshole he is. 
See this is the bullshit I’m talking about. You have 0 idea what you’re talking about. 
Politics isn’t TD peer subreddit. Latestagecapitalism is. 
Systematic racism is not enforcing immigration laws. 
TD, republican, and conservative are the only major right wing subreddits. 

Every single other subreddit leans anywhere from outright socialist to moderately left. 

A majority of them (Bernie Sanders, politics, political humor, AHS, stop advertising, TM,) vilify republicans for their political party. Check out /r/shitpoliticssays. Plenty of links. 
You get paid millions of dollars. Just don’t smoke weed for like 15 years max. That’s all you gotta do. 
TD is not an accurate representation of republicans, lmfao 
1 state filled with people who probably see R and vote and don’t know shit about the candidate means all republicans support pedophiles? Holy fuck dude 
99% of us are. This is why I hate reddit. It’s such an echo chamber of absolute bullshit verging on propaganda that demonizes the right wing at all costs. 
I am anti illegal immigration and I’m a minority that loves all races. There you go. 
It’s not representative though lol. 
If they don’t have GD then it’s a “elective” surgery and would therefor be not covered by the American taxpayer - private insurance company policies may differ, if you buy a policy that covers elective surgeries then yes, if not then no. 

Psychopathology isn’t my area of focus. If you want detailed answers to your questions go on /r/psychology. 
Disorder isn’t “cured”.  The distinction is because changing genders is cannot be defined as a  mental illness under the current DSM guidelines for mental illness. As our understanding of the disorder and treatments evolves so will the DSM. It’s still very new 

The whole thing is we don’t know how to treat it any better. If they an adult after many years of therapy they can make a decision with their body. It’s their body. 

Thinking drugs can solve everything is a really poor mindset to have. It’s a reason psych no longer uses the medical model but the biopsychosocial model. If they make a drug that treats it then yea, but right now it doesn’t work like that. Medications costs years and billions of dollars to bring to market. Psych drugs have like a 5-15% brought to market rate I believe. 

You’re free to disagree with this. It is America. I can’t give you more in-depth answers  about this, psychopathology isn’t my main area. You should go to /r/psychology and ask them. 
It's an extremely important distinction that not many people outside of the psych world know and I believe it's worded very well until we understand the disorder and potential treatments more. 

Edit; if you disagree then call the APA. 
Pm
PM
Pc on vive?
Gender dysphoria is in the DSM but that does not mean being trans is a mental illness. The dysphoria you experience is the mental illness. 

Just wanted to put this out there

Edit: please look up the DSMV guidelines, and stop downvoting fact. 
How do you just let them do this

Operant conditioning is your friend... 
I can’t see a crowd either 
There’s no black market? Hahaha boy do I have some information for you 
Lowers are considered firearms to the feds bro 
specifically replied to that email
Power move FaF
We really need to make our gov and Econ high school classes better.. unless they haven’t even made it to senior year yet which would actually explain everything. 
People don’t do it because they get screamed at for being “racist” 
So let’s take your logic and apply it to the Bernie Sanders shooter case, ya..? 

Tons of threads every day advocate for violence against conservatives (check out r/shitpoliticssays). 


Lol what
>>abortion is good for society

>if that’s the case how were you born

Holy shit someone get that guy to a burn center ASAP 
Have t had a chance to play any of those, but I’ll have to check them all out! 
Oh it is? That’s lit, haven’t been able to play since summer. 
ATF is gonna shoot their puppers 
Soft creamy beige 
Wow these comments getting butthurt 

Is a joke guys 
You gotta opt into the beta but yessir 
Payday 2, onward, Pavlov are probably the best VR games rn 
No it’s not, lol. You literally can’t say he did it but he didn’t do it. 

I’m too partisan? I didn’t even vote for trump. But kept trying to discredit any alternate viewpoints. 
Implicit racial biases are a thing but are also held by black people against black people (e.g. Malcolm gladwell, author of “blink”) For street cops these biases can happen (shooting an “unarmed” black man, where others may not shoot, but still would be justified in shooting) and other things should be taken to minimize these biases however the race of the officer isn’t the issue. 

You’re making arguments that are not at all relevant. In one specific instance of political leaders I am saying to have a team of a bipartisan  makeup because potential for abuse, witch hunting, and slander is high. 

I’m only making an argument about politics. I’m not here to talk about race. Of investigations on government positions there should be a bipartisan committee. If you think there shouldn’t be, then tell me. 
Violates an ethical standard? That just depends on how you look at it. To some, the investigation is pure horseshit brought up on a biased political document that held little truth while to others Vladimir Putin is literally running the White House. 

How he’s doing a bad job also depends on what you believe. You can argue that starting an investigation on a document that held absolutely nothing and continuing the investigation after the HIC said nothing happened is obviously leading a witch hunt on a political figure he or his team don’t like. 
Yes- though I believe his “reasoning” will not be one that makes him look good. He’s not very good st wording things.. 
Antipsychotics have some really shitty side effects dude. They can really mess you up. 
Wow it’s almost like its their job to get you on medications for s disorder you presented with before they release you 
Because people at the bottom aren’t actively investigating (usually) people where they know their political affiliation. 

Of course small implicit biases will always affect their decision making, and their political leanings can affect those implicit biases. 


And then it’s also Trumps right to fire someone he believes is doing their job poorly. Regardless of how long investigations “usually” take. I would argue that Mueller is doing s pretty bad job. I mean one of his underlings just got fired for leaking to the press then lying.. 
I don’t think that regular police work I.e. on non political people would be affected by political biases 
It was
Well then you’re absolutely missing the core concept. Trump can fire mueller whenever he wants. That’s not abuse of power. That’s the power given to the president. 
His attorney paid, not him. 

It’s been a year. Mueller doesn’t have anything yet. It’s time to get results or release the fact that he has nothing on trump. 
No, a bipartisan committee. 
Apparently you misread what I said because I said that innocent people don’t WANT TO HAVE TO deal with that bullshit. Not that they don’t. 

If I were under investigation I would be tired of the FBI leading an obvious political witch hunt because I didn’t do anything wrong, and would look for more qualified candidates to do their job
Just because they don’t find anything wrong doesn’t mean your reputation can’t be tarnished for no reason other than political bullshit. 

/r/ihavesex
I did this I class once because I was just fucking around with my phone in my hand. THAT was fun. 
>Or are conservatives simply immune from bias in a way that liberals are not?

Yea dude we are /s

> Which then means that he feels that any entirely Republican-led investigation would be too biased to do it's job properly.

EVERY investigation on a politician should be done with equal representation from each side to prevent things from becoming political witch hunts. Maybe +1 tiebreaker.

> This is extremely insulting to law enforcement agencies

Didn't one member of the FBI just get fired for leaking info and lying about shit and trying to do partisan bullshit? 
You're really forgetting about the importance of SCOTUS nominations... among a bunch of other things.. 

Yea, IMO, completely warrants NOT voting a party into office that I fundamentally disagree with on 85% of issues with. If you honestly can't understand that, then wow. We *should* elect the people we think give the country the best long term options, which Republican, in many peoples opinions, did. The fact that you hate Trump is irrelevant. I 100% doubt that you or any other liberal would vote Republican if there were a truly dispicable democratic candidate because no matter who R put forward "democrat would still be better" 

>Oh please, unclutch those pearls.

You're just being rude, dude.
You’re honestly going to attack the character of people who thought that Hillary was so bad and there was so much at stake for the future of the country they voted for 4 years of an asshole rather than throw it all away? 

Really? 
What? If I were Trump and I knew I was innocent I would want Mueller to fuck off too so I could get back to my life 

Plenty of innocent people don’t want to have to deal with that bullshit. Why would Trump be different
“Why can’t I have a neutral party investigation team investigating mean instead of a potential political witch hunt”


<insert Dear subhuman filth copypasta here>
You actually think that? 

Jesus Christ lol 
DEAR SUBHUMAN FILTH 
It’s like these people didjt learn about  Vietnam 
TIL cutting one line, then perpendicular, then midway between them twice is not the correct way to cut a pizza 
It’s funny because Russia just did that to the UK during the hearing condemning them at the UN
What the hell lol? They’re breaking the law. How can us enforcing our laws be a crime? 

We can’t afford to have tons of people in the country. Immigration has to be regulated to help ourselves the most. That’s a fact. If you can’t accept that as fact then I can’t discuss this with you, because I can’t argue against someone who won’t accept reality. 
Everyone is titled to an opinion. 
Now factor in PTSD, depression, and other mental disorders and life changing injuries. 
Record matters in college, esp. honor code violations. 

High school though? Nah it’s a joke. Plus- this gives them a pretty sweet personal statement topic 🤷🏻‍♂️
Being an adult =\= being able to be responsible for your actions. You start being held responsible much younger. Just because you’re “responsible” for your actions doesn’t mean you should be allowed to drink. 

The two don’t have to be connected.. 

Yeah, having separate ages for guns/drinking/cigs/military/voting is stupid. But that’s not the discussion. 
I like you
Eh, all drugs should be then. Huge double standard to list alcohol/weed st different levels.

Pot definitely needs to be studied more and the effects need to be fully understood. 
You can still be held accountable for your actions 
No? Lol why the hell would you think that?
“Anyone who disagrees with me is a bot/shill!”

-you
You can’t continue the same policies for centuries and expect them to still work. The country and its needs have changed. We don’t need as many immigrants now. 
I didn’t 
Tell every other county to relax their immigration policies as much as ours then we can talk. 

(Christians don’t really follow the old covenant laws since Jesus yknow) 

Overall bad troll 3/10
It doesn’t matter if Americans couldn’t pass it, they were born here to American parents therefore they’re American. We SHOULD be highly selective of people we let in. Bring in the best, and if we need to we can lower requirements until we have a good balance of people that fill the lower jobs (that there just aren’t enough Americans for) but also higher jobs where every influx of a masters, PhD, etc helps. 

War refugees don’t use the same rules, they apply for asylum 
>tons of cases of felonies and misconduct

You see that’s exactly what Rs say about Hillary even though there really isn’t. There really isn’t proof of anything right now or mueller would have done something, or he’s making a stronger case. If he finds nothing, will you believe him? Will you still look back and say “trump is guilty” like people do with Hillary, which you criticize them for? 
You realize I meant BILL Clinton, right? The one who literally broke the law and lied under oath. 
It's a joke not a dick
Impossible, I’m a minority 
Depends on the officer/judge. Some will, if you say “yeah I ran that light, I thought I could make it” will let you off (I had that happen once!) or others will take it, write you a ticket, then you have no way to argue it in court. 

Now if it’s something more major... don’t say anything. 

IANAL. Consult an attorney if you want further clarification. 
IIRC in my state they aren’t allowed to get a warrant to draw blood but refusing breathalyzer is automatic 6mo suspension. 

They lose their DUI but keep you off the road, you don’t get a DUI and you learn a harsh lesson 🤷🏻‍♂️ 
Not even a good troll account 0/10 try harder, people still don’t care about you
Yes, based on assumptions that haven’t been proven true. 
I don’t even go there, and yeah no it’s a huge assumption regardless of where you get your need from. 

Just like the people saying Hillary were guilty were making A LOT of assumptions.. 
Where do you live and how do I join this lifestyle 
All you have to do is say “people like you are going to get trump a second term” and it’ll trigger them super hard 

If you “assault” them in any way it only “validates” their belief that conservatives and republicans are crazy cunts. Yet fail to realize their divisive language and threats don’t warrant any retaliation... 
How about the time when a Bernie sanders supporter tried to kill some GOP senators?
I’m just stating there’s an obvious double standard (on every side, really). 

I could sit here and talk shit about Obama for drone striking children all day. Or Clinton for breaking the law, etc... but nah, if I were to do that, y’all would say how X is worse than what Clinton or Obama did just as the right would say At least he doesn’t drone strike kids, etc. maybe just lay off the personal attacks.  
You don't, it's just a way for the two sides to discredit opposing opinions.
Maybe, just maybe, there's a large group of people on reddit who disagree with your opinions and also browse the largest news subreddit..?
At least you'll get in? Tell them to apply anywhere else and they'll just get told to fuck off 
Republicans do not believe in closed borders, wtf? they believe in LEGAL immigration. 
Carters got that one covered, Trumps actually done something with his 4 years. I don’t even like the dude but holy hell you people are insane. This guy could single handedly cure cancer and y’all would still hate him
And half of not more of the republicans in office absolutely denounced trump while he was running, you think they can’t try to actually take him down? 
>logic is flawed

>uses 1 case to generalize an entire country

>statistics back up my perspective

ok

>They don't know why that teacher pulled his gun and you're assuming all teachers will be responsible. 

He broke the law. That's illegal. We have protections against pulling your weapon when you're not supposed to. CWP holders commit crimes at a lower rate than general population.

>And you admit we have resource offices who have guns. So why do we need to arm more people ?

not every school can afford an SRO, or per the case of the last shooting: they pussy out while a CWP holding gym teacher gives his life to save people.
You're arguing based off of emotion on 1 instance vs the hundreds of thousands of CWP holders and school resource officer's that have guns around people, and also in schools every day. To make the claim that because it happened once it will happen A LOT is the definition of absolutely unreasonable. 

Again, HAVING a gun on your person is not the same as PULLING YOUR GUN OUT AND "DEMONSTRATING" IT. Why can you not separate the two? 

And? This isn’t to demonstrate a gun. It’s to conceal it on your person. They wouldn’t be unholstering their firearm unless they were about to shoot someone, otherwise they’re breaking the law. 
So you’re saying Trump DID do something wrong even when there is no evidence to the fact he collided with Russia? Come on dude 
And the other side would argue that Obama’s DID do a bunch of stupid shit. 

Maybe just stop personally attacking the POTUS, ya?
Man imagine if people said this about Obama 

(People who made fun of him were crucified) 
How are mod coups allowed under reddit mod rules? That doesn’t make any sense 
You’re making a LOT of assumptions there. 
So unless it’s s partisan witch hunt you won’t believe the results? 
So mueller... if he says nothing happened w trump are you going to believe him? He is a republican..

No matter what they do you aren’t going to believe them unless a partisan witch hunt is led against them.
Isn’t that exactly what y’all mocked republicans for? Coming up with millions of excuses as to why she’s guilty even after an investigation? 
Wow almost like we should wait and have 100% confirmation before threatening a nuclear power

Who the fuckwould have thought international relations with a country who’s only reason they haven’t actually attacked yet is nukes would be so hard 
Y’all sound just like the republicans with Hillary, who you relentlessly mocked for “not believeing the investigation” 
Republican here: 

Hillary was found innocent. I fully believe she didn’t do anything wrong on purpose. 

If Trump is found innocent, are you going to believe it? 
How to piss off an entire religion 101
Holy shit you people 
If you don’t care why’d you call him a religious freak
Shouldn’t it be eluded not alluded? 
This one saved me so much time.. I had to count how many sentences people unscrambled (out of 20) for research.. n=350.. after the first 20 i was like “there has to be a better way.” Thank god google rescued me 
Assuming it’s 100% proved it’s Russia, I agree with that 
ITT: people don’t understand that the WH can’t endorse a view that hasn’t been proven yet 
So we go to war to bring the war criminals to justice?

Nice 
Holy shit the politics thread literally call everyone on the committee a traitor. Because they didn’t get the answer *they just know* is true! Fucking unbelievable. I can’t believe Russia has gotten so far into their minds.

0/10 bad b8 m8 
That’s just not true at all.. it’s clear you’re not going to change your mind, and I’m not changing mine; this discussion is pointless. 
Assault a teacher is not the same as assaulting a teacher, taking his gun, and killing people. So yea, quite silly. 
And again it’s unrealistic to think that a student will kill or assault a teacher for their firearm. 
Assuming a student will notice and kill or knock out is teacher for his gun isn’t realistic either... 
How are they going to figure it out?? It’s concealed. The chances of someone else seeing it are going to be super small. 
My thumb would have broken multiple times before the skin tore like that 
So what you’re saying is that teachers are going to be attacked because kids will somehow KNOW they’re carrying even though they shouldn’t just to get their gun to shoot up a school? 

You sound paranoid 
You’re just allowing them to carry in a place where they’ve been banned. The gym teacher who died was a CWP holder. If he had his gun he could have ended that and saved loves. 

CWP holders commit less crimes on average than the normal citizen. 

What makes you scared for the children? The mean old bitch you had that taught you math in 8th grade? Do you really think that he or she is going to go out and get a CWP? Then do you honestly think that if they did, they would use it to kill a kid because he won’t listen to her? 
DEAR SUB HUMAN FILTH
How is one sub compact handgun “armed to the teeth”?

You see that’s the kind of language that makes discussion impossible
Retention holster.. 

How many kids blindside teachers now? Maybe a dozen a year? Why do you think this will increase? If anything it’s a deterrent. 
So how much does it cost to do this? Looks fun 
It might just be my monitor but if it’s dark out I can’t see shit on this game lol I need those NVGs man 
holy shit gr8 b8 m8
Just so you know, they hate you for doing that
Succ
>Why is this site full of insecure low effort manlets? At least TRY to be funny.

There's 4 people that did that they're downvoted. 
shouldnt parents with autistic kids be going to a behavioral psychologist first and foremost? 
Thy can’t have it either 

I.e. minor in possession..
Try that and see what the ATF thinks 
How are they stealing credit

It’s literally in their contracts that if they do X they get Y. It has to be that large because otherwise people wouldn’t want to risk their careers working for a sinking ship 
They make like 40k a year how are they gonna afford that
To be fair one of the key symptoms of ptsd and trauma is exactly that: not remembering major details or the event. 
That’s the ATF for you 
Put this on weekendgunnit for most karma
If these guys don’t deserve the 10M they get, then neither do any athletes. 

Their contracts say meet X goal. If they meet it, they get paid. But fuck it’s all their fault amirite
Self medicating PTSD is not the same as using one of the only treatments that seems to actually help the very small percentage of people that suffer from GD. 

I never fucking said children should get GRS. I specifically said ADULTS.  Stop putting words in my mouth. 

But wait, what is it that they need? You’re somehow smarter than every single PhD and md psychiatrist and psychologist in the world? How is your research not st the front of every single major fucking journal in the world? Lmao 

I don’t like how the APA has handled shit but to think you actually know better than them with the obvious 0 training you have in psychopathology or any form of psychology is absolutely asinine 
Coping methods for “homosexuality” would just be coping methods for anxiety and depression. There is no coping method for homosexuality.. you can learn to handle and have methods to relieve stress, anxiety, and depression that come due to society’s disdain of your homosexuality or your inner feelings of it. But again, it’s not the homosexuality, it’s the depression/anxiety that you treat.  

Do you see why researching specifically homosexuality would not be beneficial like at all? 

I’m sorry I can’t respond to everything you say, I really just don’t want to type that much on a phone. 
I’m sorry your understanding of delusions aren’t the correct one. You should honestly learn more about psychopathology and how this stuff works. I just do not have the time to type out a full length response on how delusions and mental illness works but please just know that you have an incredibly distorted view of psychopathology and it’s incredibly wrong and only stigmatizes mental illness. 

Please do some research and don’t talk like you know what you’re saying because it’s more than obvious that the only research you’ve done on this topic is googling the definition of delusion without understanding what they actually are and any of the biological, behavioral, or cognitive theories behind any mental illness at all. 

I wish I had the time and care to actually put more effort into this post to try to dispel some of the absolutely misleading and untrue ideas you have about mental illness but it’s honestly just too hard on a phone. I highly suggest you do some reading on specifically schizophrenia, delusional disorder, ETC, and the biological and cognitive theories about it, fully understand the DSM criteria for delusions, then try to figure out how a disorder that deals with dysphoria AKA anxiety, depression could POSSIBLY fit into the DSM definition of delusion. Because, again, if gender dysphoria is a delusion then so is depression, and anxiety. Which is objectively untrue. 
Except there’s also genetic and biological causes.. so no it’s not. It’s not a “belief”. Depression isn’t a delusion. Bipolar isn’t a delusion. OCD isn’t a delusion. Schizophrenia is not a delusion but causes delusions. I can’t honestly believe you’re trying to make an argument that mental illnesses are delusions 

If you don’t fully understand how it works it’s better to not form these rigid opinions about it. I’m on my phone and don’t feel like typing out a textbook length response but please understand that mental illnesses are real. 

(Also gender dysphoria is the dysphoria one experiences. Ergo, not a delusion. Unless you want to argue anxiety is a delusion, but then you’d just be flat out wrong.) 
That’s not how delusions work dude
I didn’t advocate for children. I specifically said adult. 
What do you mean pop culture is trying to make it seem like it isn’t a thing? All I see is pop culture trying to push for acceptance of those people who suffer from it and try to end discrimination against those who choose to go under the knife to attempt to alleviate their dysphoria. 

Yes the APA is political-it’s also a body that changes as it learns new information. There is absolutely no reason for homosexuality to be in the DSM because it is not a mental illness. Once we have more information on GD, the treatments and procedures will change. 

On the topic of homosexuality: If it doesn’t cause functional impairment then there’s no reason to try to “cure” it. Society is what causes homosexual people to feel “impaired” I.e. depressed, anxious, etc. - it’s not the condition that causes the impairment. 

Could a percentage of homosexuals want to be straight? Sure. Potentially. But it’s still not a mental disorder. 
So what you’re saying is that we shouldn’t let adults who want to do something of their own choice do that? Hm, ok...

And yeah you can definitely compare GD to anorexia. Definitely in the same ballpark. 

(Sex change operations are the last line treatments after other interventions have failed. It takes many years of consulting with psychiatrists to even begin the process.) 

TIL you know what people with GD want more than they know what they want for themselves 🤷🏻‍♂️
I’m not a big fan of how the APA has handled things but I’m gonna disagree with you on that. I’m not really sure what you’re trying to say is a delusion, but I guarantee you’re wrong. Gender dysphoria and the accompanying treatments (include sex change) need to be studied more but if you’re going to suggest that folks with gender dysphoria are suffering from delusions then you’re basically saying that every mental disorder is a delusion. You might believe that, but I sure don’t and it’s objectively untrue. 

(Before you talk about how there’s no biological testing we can do (you might not but I just wanna get it out there): you wouldn’t say a migraine is a delusion, would you? 

Edit: holy fuck you people know jack shit about psychopathology 
At least they can make it around the track, unlike a McLaren
Yea, I would stay away from the psychopathology side. I don't agree with everything the APA has done... 

But social psych is still fun, and a lot of the people there were very level headed and reasonable people who had a lot of interesting research and loved to discuss ideas contrary to their own.

They even had a panel of 5 researchers/research topics on trump-- and they ended with with pleading to people to remember that everything they accuse the right of doing the left does as well. One woman specifically said that people voted for trump for many reasons, and because they voted for him does not make them sexist, racist, or bigots. They were all trying to get the political polarization under control, which I thought was great. 
I just got back from a national social psych conference and can confirm that 90% of social psychologists are liberal af 

The only programs that lean right wing are business, Econ, marketing, etc. 
Those questions might seem trivial to you but they’re actually very important in assessing things like depression and PTSD. Usually people presenting with different levels of severity will respond differently to those questions. 

For the “friend” question: Social support is a pretty big indicator of severity of and likelihood of developing PTSD as well. 

Other examples: withdrawing from work and other social settings are a pretty big indicator..


I can’t say they did a great job evaluating you but do know that those questions and your answers ARE important. I hope you’re doing well :) 
I never meant it was livable but it’s still more than $10 a day 
Uh minimum wage laws??
I couldn’t imagine being that diver, I would need a new wetsuit. 


I don't see it on Ians twitter
He could have killed them with those knives if he really wanted to. He didn’t even try to attack them. 

He was thwarted because most people doing that don’t expect resistance, and this was most likely a “show of force” to get the kids to fuck off. 


Name one child who has bought a firearm 

Now name the children who has used those firearms in crimes

Hint: probably 0 
WHY YOU WANT RAIL FOR KALASHNIKOV? IS NOT GOOD ENOUGH AS PROCURED FROM IZHEVSK MECHANICAL WORKS? YOU THINK NEEDS IMPROVEMENT? THEN MAYBE YOU FIND JOB WITH ARMY OF RUSSIA! YOU HAVE DRINKS WITH MIKHAIL KALASHNIKOV, TRADE STORY OF MANY WEAPONS DESIGNED AND DETAILS OF SCHOOL FOR ENGINEERING! 

OR MAYBE YOU NOT DO THIS. PROBABLY IS BECAUSE YOU NEVER DESIGN WEAPON IN WHOLE LIFE. YOU LOOK AT FINE RUSSIAN RIFLE, THINK IT NEED CRAZY SHIT STICK ON ALL SIDES OF WEAPON. YOU HAVE DISEASE OF AMERICAN CAPITALIST, CHANGE THING THAT IS FINE FOR NO REASON EXCEPT TO LOOK DIFFERENT FROM COMRADE. YOU PUT CHEAP FLASHLIGHT OF CHINESE SLAVE FACTORY ON ONE SIDE, YOU PUT BAD SCOPE OF AMERICAN MIDDLE WEST ON OTHER SIDE, YOU PUT FRONT PISTOL GRIP ON BOTTOM SO YOU ARE LIKE AMERICAN MOVIE GUY JOHN RAMBO. MAYBE YOU PUT SEX DILDO ON TOP TO FUCK YOURSELF IN ASSHOLE FOR MAKING SHAMEFUL TRAVESTY OF RIFLE OF MIKHAIL KALASHNIKOV, NO? 

RIFLE IS FINE. YOU FUCK IT, IT ONLY GET HEAVY AND YOU STILL NO HIT LARGEST SIDE OF BARN. GO TO FIRING RANGE, PRACTICE WITH MANY MAGAZINE OF CARTRIDGE. THEN YOU NOT NEED DUMB SHIT PUT ON SIDE OF RIFLE.
Gr8 b8 m8 

Just kidding, 0/10 bait try again 
How can you be a super SJW soyboy but then call someone a faggot? Isn’t that offensive? 
Fuckin love this copy pasta
Well there’s no party affiliations listed in the article so you’re making quite an assumption there
Ah that would make more sense then
Surprised it isn’t a CZ 

Nice gun though man 
Are you seriously saying they shouldn’t have a trial because they hold elected office? 

Thats stupid as hell- let the investigation conclude to find out who actually did anything rather than just hating republicans who 90% probably haven’t done anything actually wrong. 
So she testifies the truth at a lot of cases, so what? 


In sc you can refuse everything, take the 6 month license suspension, and most likely get off without a DUI on your record. 
Hm interesting. That seems kind of weird though, I mean are the savings really that great from them to not just buy say a Rolex at an authorized retailer to keep the warranty? If so then I get it but I mean if it means you’re saving maybe 500-1000 is it really worth it? 
What’s the grey market? 
Resale on an electric car is pretty bad.. no one wants a 10 year old electric car with a battery that’ll die soon...
Almost like it’s been 17 years and people’s opinions have changed??
Because to the people that can afford it 80,000 isn’t that much in the grand scheme of things 
Technically the US military (army, navy, marines, Air Force) aren’t allowed to run ops on the soil either. Only the NG can. Highly unlikely that happens
This isn’t Justice, the person getting arrested for vandalism would justice. 
Bad troll 0/10 even with rice

Not even good bait tbh
Lol ok 
The only embarrassment here is your shit attempt at trying to insult us 
Remember what happened last time?
Where’s you argument for more regulation? 
In 2012 65% of those deaths were suicides, so your number is much smaller than that. 

In 2015 guns killed 13K people. DUI killed 10K people. 

Where’s your argument for prohibition?
More people die from drunk driving, let’s ban alcohol. 
They could have been any bullets. It can take a few 9mm or .45s to put someone down. 
“Democracy is failing!!!”

Well we’re not a democracy, so... 
Law school? GSU? (I might go there too)
Yeah really, I’ll take them! 
Sorry officer I lost my guns in a boating accident 
California? Mass? If you re read I clearly say all recent legislation. Stop using inflammatory statements like “infringes your rights”. Alll recent legislation was D. 
Gut feeling? So you’re gonna look at all the evidence with almost all ifnjot all recent gun control bans being passed in the last 10 years as democrat and honestly say nothing would happen? 

That’s just dumb
Except every gun control bill that has been passed been by democrats? Wow it takes an Olympic level of mental gymnastics to honestly think that nothing would happen
Definitive proof? No. It’s just more likely than not they will vote on party lines like the other 4 and vote for gun control and bans. 

You really think it’s LESS likely for Hillary and her appointment to enact gun control and bans than trump? 
Don’t leave out the SCOTUS... way more important than the president. 
Again you have to ignore the scotus for this argument to work 

Maybe she wont, but the judges she appoint will shape policy for the next decade. 
Plus judge or more on SCOTUS who would be liberal leaning... when there are a lot of fun related cases coming to them soon. 

If trump is thinking about doing what he said, what do you think Hillary would do in this situation? I highly doubt its only background checks..  
You forgot the first gun buy CZ posts there bud
Hillary WOULD DEFINITELY take the guns. Trump MAY take the guns. 

What a hard choice.. 
Who hurt you
You’re right
Wow you’re so helpful /s
Pro tip the google translate app can scan pictures

Source: Italian minor in an Italian lit course and I have a lot of PDFs I have to read. 
There’s also a ton of total conversion mods. Ones that make it WW2, or game of thrones, or later time periods. 

It’s super fun, I’ve played it way too much. 
One of the teachers that gave his life was a CWP holder. How do you know he wouldn’t have engaged the shooter? He gave his life to protect them WITHOUT a firearm. 

You really underestimated people’s will to live... if he’s coming through your class door, I bet most people if not all who are CWP holders pull that trigger. 
There was an article that literally said that the city PD guys went in and the sheriffs didn’t. So.. also solo entry is pretty much the standard. Get in ASAP, stop the threat. That’s what active shooter training tells you. It’s dangerous though, 30% of officers who solo enter get shot in the process but take out the threat 75% of the time. 
So it’s OK for me or you to CC but not a teacher. 

That makes perfect sense 
What about all those people that voted for (insert any democrat who’s done something wrong) 
Yes that’s exactly what gonna happen lmfao do you honestly think a CWP holder is gonna do that? That would be a crime, and CWP holders commit crimes at a fR lower rate than normal people. 
What is the gun going to do? Jump out of the holster and take a kid hostage? 
“My fun can shoot through body armor and concrete blocks and I would give it up if you asked” 

Good for you buddy, I can name a lot more that wouldn’t. 
Tbh I’m kind of surprised SWAT or the police or don’t have a kind of “combat medic” role type, I would hate to go in as an unarmed EMT even if I had police escort 
So you’re saying because we aren’t always going to have the upper hand, we should have nothing?


I’m not sure if you’re trying to say that our physical strength is enough to protect ourselves.. but it isn’t. 
Not in certain places. 
You can’t prevent every crime, therefor we should have the ability to protect ourselves. 
You can buy full autos in Canada easily? Wtf USA 
They can’t be sued for this. Plenty of legal precedent protecting them. The police have no legal obligation to protect you, no government agency does. 
He should move to PFW in progress 
Many unarmed teachers turned into action heroes and gave their lives to protect others. I never said it would always work, but everyone has a right to defend themselves and the firearm is the equalizer. 

There are an estimated 250,000-1,000,000 DEFENSIVE uses of firearms in the us (per a cdc report started by Obama). CWP (concealed weapon permit) holders also commit crimes at a lower rate than the general public. 

Shooters are always stopped by other people with guns. When seconds count the sheriffs officers are sitting outside with their thumb in their ass. 
Anyone could carry a “secret” AKA concealed firearm, not teachers.  (No need for bullshit terms like that, use the correct ones)

Children don’t do it in public and anyone could have a gun out there. 
1) put it in a locked drawer 

2) get a retention holster and have it on you 

The idea is that the kids won’t know their teacher had a gun. 
Wow almost like every federal agency failed to recognize him as a threat and all of those failsafes failed. None of those would have helped, while the one I mentioned would have. 
Where do you think he got those feelings from?
So we shouldn’t try to have every failsafe possible? One the people that gave their lives was a CCW holder and probably would have acted with his firearm if he was able to. That could have saved lives. 
So you’re saying the shooter isn’t killing indiscriminately when he’s mass shooting people..? Hm
What condition is it in/how much
The helicopter engine isn’t working so no power which means it won’t fire 

Or maybe the engine would still be on, idk 
But by definition it is a different opinion. 

Also you’re supposed to downvote people for not contributing to the discussion, not because you don’t like what they say. 
Steak, medium. 
HYPE TRAIN HAS NO BRAKES 
When I played f1 2016 with my g29 I would get sore, I can only imagine how strong these guys backs/triceps are 
/r/dragonsfuckingcars
So anyone who gets their CC license is an armed guard? 

I view it as exercising your right to self protection. You don’t have to do it. But if you do, you have the option. 
He protecc, he protecc, but most importantly he protecc
You’re not being an armed guard. It would be no different than being a concealed carrier... you would just be allowed to carry in school. 
No...? For every person on that jury to be christian would be improbable and unlikely. 
I mean that's just statistics. 
Are you saying you’re downvoting patriots stuff in the patriots sub? 
You’re assuming that they’re all Christian when realistically, they’re not. 
Nice baseless assumptions you got there 
They’re the same size as a shotgun..? I don’t get how a shotgun that’s the same length and weight is easier to use than a rifle that has the added benefit of 30 rounds and less recoil per round. 
It’s not like they’re 6 feet long. And it’s also not like you should go clearing your house. You bunker down in a defensive position and wait for them to come to you. 
Because there’s hundreds of thousands of defensive gun uses a year, done by your average John and Jane doe. 

/r/dgu
That’s suicide, not mass murder. 

With that data all you can say is that having access to a gun is more correlated with attempting and completing suicide. You can’t extrapolate that they will shoot kids because they have access to a gun. 
I would argue that rifles are better. 

Less recoil than a shotgun, and more ammunition. They’re no larger than a shotgun either, and they weigh about the same. 

If you’re really worried about size get yourself an SBR 😍
Well it’s estimated by the CDC that there’s hundreds of thousands of defensive uses of guns each year which vastly outweighs any murder committed using a firearm. 
Everyone makes mistakes. Now you know something new. 
Also if you want something a little not as steep as ARMA then Squad is a great game, that’s super like it but a bit simpler. 

Also good luck running ARMA on high detail 

Both are really great games and I don’t regret buying either. I still play them all the time. 
“The unlawful use of violence and intimidation, especially against civilians, in the pursuit of political aims”

-google dictionary

The unlawful use of violence and intimidation, especially against civilians, in the pursuit of political aims.

-English oxford dictionary 

You were saying...?



Well that’s not how it’s defined, so. 
Driving isn’t a right. 
“Trump is Hitler taking away our rights”

“Trump should take away our second amendment right” 
I believe I took out the part(s). 

Shit I came in here ready to swing 
Well Did you bang her?
That’s a pretty common question which can help you more than people just telling you to do X Y or Z. 
Bront


Well since you honestly don’t understand the ramifications that changing or abolishing a right would have then you’re absolutely naïve. It would set a legal precedent to get rid of RIGHTS that people don’t like. 

Don’t like people cursing? BAM no more free speech. Say fuck, get thrown in jail. 

It’s callled the bill of rights and those 10 amendments are probably the most sacred pieces of writing that exist in the US. Oh, fuck. Let’s get rid of the one that made slavery illegal too! Let’s get rid of women’s suffrage! Fuck dude. No. 
I too took an Old Testament/New Testament course in college 
Imagine if we said this about Obama
And you can’t admit that even if that is the case, it is absolutely meaningless. 
“I won’t answer but you’re still wrong” 
Looking funny doesn’t automatically make it gerrymandered. 
GHS already sucks lol. St Francis is so much better. 
“My argument is bad so I’m not going to discuss the flaw in it” 
I told people that banning guns would only mean people illegally import them from Mexico and Canada and they laughed at me like “all of OUR guns go there now dumbass”. Well yea... but if we don’t have any guns then the flow is gonna change, dumbass. 

“We have to not ban drugs because the cartels just traffic them in anyways”

“We have to ban guns because the cartels won’t use that opportunity to make more money” 
You’re free to answer why it matters whenever you want 
There is a general agreement (consensus) between lthe judges. 

Again, what is the point? Obamacare was 5-4 but again, that doesn’t mean anything. It doesn’t matter how close something is. No one was making the argument that because Obamacare was split 5/4 that means that we need to do the opposite of what they say  


4-4 split with one deciding Justice is pretty much the norm. 

It’s also the majority. 

What do you want, 7? 8? Stop setting arbitrary lines that mean absolutely nothing. Even if I concede the fact that the majority being in agreement doesn’t basically mean agreement then why does it matter?

(It doesn’t.) SCOTUS ruled on it. It doesn’t matter if it only passed by 1 Justice or all of them. 
“People who disagree with me are corrupt” 
“SCOTUS can’t agree with a 5-4 decision” 

Looks to me like they agreed. 
@RBG... the most disgustingly political SCOTUS Justice I’ve ever seen 
“Republicans attack Obama for anything and everything”

>attacks trump for anything and everything 

(But it’s ok bc he deserves it)
Well the AR15 isn’t an assault rifle so 
You shouldn’t try to use schizophrenia as an insult to people who disagree with you politically. It’s extremely demeaning to those who actually suffer from schizophrenia and only trivializes what people with it go through. 

Mental health problems shouldn’t be an insult. Call them assholes if that’s what you really mean. 
If these guys obsessed over school as much as they did TD then they might turn out to be productive members of society 
“Republicans would attack Obama no matter what he did”


“*attacks trump no matter what he does*”
Begone THOT
Well according to your previous post, that is a lie
Yeah, they probably would have. Or told them to fuck off. But if you honestly believe they would be shot then you’re absolutely delusional. 
Properly using resources? More like being lucky they had employees willing to work for free lol
Ahhh makes sense thanks
What does statist mean? I keep seeing people say that 
It’s ok to be bad at math

You just gotta be good at something else to make up for it 
Now do a vettel one and take my money 
I give it a 3/5
I love how they  screech about having peer review sources but then lead emotionally charged arguments and attack people without any peer reviewed sources themselves 
Which is a shame, but ultimately not anyone’s fault.

But I’m done here bubs, I frankly just don’t care about anything you have to say on the matter. 
So you’re saying you want to compare a range of things that ARENT the same thing? 

Nice argument bud 
I did do something, I got the employees who could remove her from the building. 


At my school if you missed over 10 days you had to do makeup days after school where you sat in the library for 50 minutes per missed class over 10. 
Better to get someone who can actually do something, why would she care what some college kid thinks
“Come over”

“I cant your neighborhood has speed bumps”
I was in the NGA and some old Asian lady kept touching all the oil works where there was a big sign next to it that said DO NOT TOUCH 

I looked at her and she just smiled and kept doing it. Told an employee but she was gone. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
“Trump is literally hitler”

“Trump should confiscate our guns” 

Hmm
Not even master bait 
“Gun owners are paranoid”

“We need to ban guns because they’re going to kill people”

Hmm
“America needs to ban all guns”

“America can’t ban drugs because people will get them anyway” 
Ravioli ravioli give me the forumoli 
It’s been pretty controversial. There’s a lot of people saying (myself included) they should have postponed it a year or two to fully flesh out the shield rather than this. 

As others have said, drivers rarely look dead straight on so it’s not a huge deal- in testing people were comfortable with it. But it’s still ugly
Don’t say anything “yeah my steak is on his tab” and leave 
I’m sure ANY college or grad school he applies to (especially in state/nearby) are going to give him a full ride. 


Make sure you stick with it though, if you take your language rec and don’t take any more classes you’re not going to be anywhere near fluent. 

If I stopped after my two intensive Italian classes I still would barely be able to say “hey how’re you, where are you from?”
Minor in the language you want to learn in college. 

I couldn’t say hello in another language but I minored in Italian (it was easy a’s) and I just finished writing a 3 page essay in Italian. (I started last year.)  (this class is not an easy a :( )
Ok this was hilarious
They cannot form negative memories about it. Infantile amnesia. Anything they “remember” is only things that their brain has “heard” and putting together a “memory”. Not an actual memory. 
You can’t compare the two because they’re completely different 
Cutting off the clit is not practiced in the US. It’s a Middle East thing. 

Circumcision is the norm in the US. 
Yep invert mini, that’s it 
Two hinder posts out of what, probably thousands a day? 

Statistically insignificant. 
Wow best gunnit leaking 
I had an ion and I loved it. My friends had mini something’s, can’t remember the name. 

Good times. Good times. 
You realize that inquisitor article is at best an op ed right 
People like you are the problem 
They have to or else it would just be the same shit as politics because reddit is majority liberal. 
Oh stop already
No shit all I’m doing is calling you a name, you wanted to act like a dick for no reason and NOW you want a discussion? Get over yourself kid. I don’t owe you shit. You were a dick. Move on. 
/r/dgu

You attacked me because you’re a cunt. Full stop. I would have had a perfectly reasonable conversation with you. Then you decided to act like that. 
That's a bigger straw man than the scarecrow from Wizard of Oz
> lol I'm perfectly secure with who I am and my confidence 

Me too! 

>I don't need to carry around a gun to make myself feel better.

neither do I!

>And I also have the perspective that obvious measures to increase public safety should take precedent over some of my own priorities

So eliminating defensive gun use is a good thing?

>You gun owners try to act like you're so intellectually above people who demand gun control when you're really so far behind the rest of the developed world

no, but I do act like I'm above you, because you're a cunt who immediately attacked me for no reason. And I am.
You're going to take away peoples rights then force them to fight? that's stupid as fuck
/r/dgu


so long as there are defensive gun uses, guns will forever be good.
>ou bought it because you have an inferiority complex and you need to feel like a tough guy.

stop projecting guy


You're the one that brought up the military developing them. 

The military developed the internet. We should ban it too. 

Also the the hummer, since it's based off the humvee
Someone already did the math and it was over 40 years that t would take to sell ANY gun that would be used in ANY murder. An ar would be even higher. 

You realize that defensive gun use is one of the main uses of guns, right? /r/dgu
The internet is also a military development.
Wow so I can't disagree with you by using a damn joke without being defensive? holy hell bud

350,000,000 guns in the US, 10K gun murders. do the math. ARs kill very few people, something like 100-200.
*shows penis*

Am I doing this right?
Your ancestors were bad hunters and leeched off their community


(dude you're way to sensitive)
> age increase to well over 21

Better change the draft, and voting age too because if I can't exercise one right as a voting citizens that is able to be drafted then fuck you

The paper I shoot is being killed or injured?

TIL I'm a monster


That would be true if 99% of the people who bought your hamburgers were olympian and world class athletes
Sounds like confirmation bias
Look at this ludicrous anti gun logic
to trigger people like you apparently
how is it weird that black people can be right wing
TIL the government would follow the rules of using the agencies when actively killing its own citizens 

The fact that people actually believe this is absolutely hilarious and depressing. 
Guess we should ban the FN SCAR because it’s basically an ar with a larger bullet and the military uses it /s 

Guess we should ban the old m1 garlands that are being sold now because they’re what the military used /s

Guess we should ban the 1911 because that’s the pistol the military used /s

Guess we should ban the baretta m9 because that’s what the military uses /s

Guess we should ban the Barret because that’s what the military uses /s

Guess we should ban the other long range scopes bolt action rifles because that’s what the military uses /s 

Guess we should ban hummers because they look like what the military uses /s
Tell that to any of the senators practicing baseball that one day. And that dude that ambushed and killed cops. 
Maybe sanders should have done it before his supporter shot at senators. 
The fuck you mean trump literally addressed it 

Oh you mean that since republicans didn’t take everyone’s guns away they are ignoring it. Okay. 
I was just saying why it wouldn't work
Except a militia has been defined as anyone 17-45 and the courts have upheld that it’s an individual right, not dependent on a “militia.”
I fully believe that there are many people who have defended their own life or someone else’s with a gun who wouldn’t give up their guns for anything. 

I also believe that there are people where the opposite has happened. 

I can’t tell you whether it’s a net benefit or a net harm because no one tracks DGU statistics, but it’s estimated to be a benefit. 

Also, there’s higher violent crime rates (less murder) in countries without guns, while there are lower violent crime rates but higher murders in countries with guns. 

It all just depends. 
Because America would not be America if it were not for private gun ownership. Because of armed citizens we were able to become a sovereign nation. The privately armed citizens are meant to be a deterrent for the government from over reaching its bounds and violating the civil liberties. It is also our right to protection. The government has no legal duty to protect us (you can’t sue police for not showing up quick enough). 

I’m not a big guy. I’m pretty average height and weight. I can’t fight off intruders. Having a gun allows me to protect my home and family should the need ever arise. Do I think it will? No. I don’t. But it’s better to not need it and have it than need it and not have it. 

Change the bill of rights and you have legal precedent to change other amendments on it. 
Why would we care about what the general American population thinks it means? Leave it up to the constitutional lawyers turned scotus justices. 

The bill of rights cannot ever change. If one amendment on the bill of rights changes then that opens up the gates for legal precedent for others being changed. How would you like to lose freedom of speech? 
Yeah I’m east coast 🤷🏻‍♂️ oh well, such is life haha 
If crime has gone down and freedom to guns has gone up how the hell do you plan to correlate anything
607 +811 

body 3 (my 4 isn't here yet so I cant tell you how good its is) I hope you can tell me!

Tires 5

Tranny 5

Eng 3

Turbo 2

Int 2

Nitro 4

133/2 4.77 12/88

dyno 1/2 at 14.299

Start race @ about 5k rpm, once into 2nd immediately use nitrous. I hit 14.3s all the time.
I'm not going to throw away law school because in a one in a million chance I get charges thrown on me for having a gun on campus 
"we only want to ban fully autos from being sold anymore"

"we only want to ban certain kinds of handgun ammo from being sold anymore" 

"we only want to ban guns that look scary from being sold anymore"

"We only want you to register your guns"

"we definitely dont want to take them from you"

ok sure
>The claim that "well regulated militia" means well armed populace is fucking ridiculous. A bunch of unorganized people who happen to own guns is not under any definition a milita.

Well the courts upheld that it is an individual right, so. It doesn't really matter what you think.

>Background checks and coercion of fingerprints is arguably infringement of your both your right to privacy and right to arms though.

Yes, it is.
That the freedom of access to guns hasn't had a net positive effect on the rate of crime in the last 30 years
>By that logic you should be able to own miniguns and tactical nukes and fully automatic guns. You can't.

Yes you can own a minigun and fully automatic rifles, lol. Miniguns cost north of 500K and automatic rifles are tens of thousands but you can own them. You get a background check done by the ATF, submit your fingerprints, and 6 months or so later you get a $250 tax stamp that allows you to purchase firearms that are fully auto made before 1986.

I personally believe that all "firearms" are constitutionally protected, and that includes a minigun. I think the 1986 ban is unconstitutional. 


so what is your argument?
What are you going to change the amendment to
I could leave my house right now with $5000 cash and leave with a actual military issue humvee

>"They're coming for our guns!". 

The fact that they have been and still are renders this just an idiotic statement

Which one is it? I just need a build that gets me the t4 boss car haha
And crime is also lower now than it was 30 years ago.
Except for the "shall not be infringed" part of the amendment. 
I get you don’t like R policies but if you look st it objectively they both have become unwilling to compromise. You justify it by saying Rs wanted too much or we just HAVE to keep X, Y, or Z. This isn’t s partisan issue. Don’t make it one. 
I wish I could do that at my school. They banned them on campus completely (which sucks because I’m 6 hours away from home and love going to the range and not paying $40+ for a damned rental) 
Right to own property but there is no fundamental right to own a car. The government could take cars away. I mean they can’t, but theoretically they could. E.g. passing legislation where you could ONLY buy electric. That’s absolutely feasible because there’s no right that says “the right to keep and bear ICE cars.” 

I mean, at least you’re consistent with your argument. I can respect that. I wouldn’t mind having to take a government payed class on gun safety before you can buy a firearm, and a voting class/ID, as long as the government provides the means to ensure that no one is prevented by these laws from exercising their basic rights. 

But then again, I have time and money to drive to these classes and take the time out of my day to attend. Others might not. 
Militia is defined as people 17-45. Well regulated means well equipped/maintained. Those words have been studied relentlessly and the SCOTUS has affirmed that owning a firearm is an INDIVIDUAL liberty. 

so, yes. Those laws would be unconstitutional and too restrictive. 

Testing to OWN? What if I said voter ID laws should be mandatory? Basically the same thing, both unconstitutional. 

I can’t really speak about insurance because I don’t want to pretend to know anything about it, but I also believe that’s unreasonable and restrictive.
You realize that guns aren’t illegal in Mexico and people can still legally buy and traffic them into the US, right...?
Because private gun ownership is literally what America was founded with. 
What school do you go to that allows firearms on campus? 
Lol and democrats haven’t turned into absolutists? 


Stop intentionally misrepresenting his argument. 
The slippery slope is literally what’s happened to gun owners over the last decades. 

More and more restrictions have been placed while they were labeled “common sense” and “the last time.” 

Fuck out of here with that shit. 
Owning a car isn’t a right in the constitution. 
Imagine being able to retire after 4 years lol
I mean I’m just saying it’s better to be correct, these things matter. 
Because it’s easier to get guns in the US. 

If that changes, then so does the flow. 
AR doesn't stand for assault rifles

AR-15 is "armalite rifle - 15"

I mean you just said "us government ban assault rifles" so you might want to change it.
The government HAS banned assault rifles. 

Assault rifles are rifles that can be selected to fire fully automatic. 

Those have been banned since 1980s. 
Don’t perpetuate the myth that assault rifles are scary looking semi automatic rifles. 
Australia is an island that can reasonably expect that when guns are banned they’ll be gone. 

US is connected to Mexico and canada, where they’d still be legal. 

US would see a rise in cartel activity because there is now a prohibition on guns. 

Reddit: legalize drugs, prohibition doesn’t work. It’ll just come from the cartels. 

Also reddit: ban guns
/r/iamverybadass
Okay, so what you’re saying is that there’s smuggling of weapons where it’s easier to get a gun to a country where it’s a little harder?

HM. 
Arrested a dude for making a video where he trained the dog that “walks” turned into “has the Jews” or something so the dog would get super excited

Wtf??
“We can’t trust trump”


“Trump should take all our guns” 
An assault rifle hasn’t been used in a mass shooting in like 50 years. 

Assault rifles cost tens of thousands of dollars and the ATF gives you a background check deeper than your doctor checking your prostate to allow you to own one. 
See also:

“We need to legalize drugs because prohibition doesn’t work”

Also: “we need to ban guns because it will work!”
Because wars aren’t going to go straight to nukes. You need infantry to hold land. 
Okay, now prove 100% that no one will illegally traffic firearms from Canada. 
Okay so how much exactly could we save if we have 100% efficiency? That’s not an argument against having a large military though. That’s just a potential surplus of money that could be going to healthcare, which would be great. 
They also don’t have a very large military.. which the US needs to be able to effectively use the political strategy they’re using. 

UK also benefits from the us military size....
You realize that other countries have massive amounts of guns and still don't experience this right? 

It's not a gun problem, it's a mental health and poverty problem. 

Chicago is the anti-gun capital of the US and still has the most murders. Gun ban won't work. Guns will come in from Mexico and Canada. Just like the illegal drug trade that reddit wants to end so badly. If you get rid of guns, new market for cartels. 
>How would these countries attack us?

They wouldn't. Again, we're not defending ourselves. We're defending anyone in NATO and Japan and Korea and others.

Russia JUST invaded Ukraine. Do you think they would have done that if Ukraine was in NATO? Probably not, because that declares war on every single NATO ally - mainly the US.

How can you not see that the US having such a huge military benefits everyone that is in a pact with the US? It prevents other countries from invading them and attempting to land grab, at the expense of the US spending so much money on the military. 
>Wait you just shifted the conversation. We were talking about industrialized countries with socialized medicine, which are largely in western Europe, and now you're talking about the South China Sea.

Did you read my original post? because I have been discussing that because of the US military the other countries are able to spend so little on military and instead focus on other concerns like healthcare. Because of the US protection in the SCS, Japan doesn't need to fund its own military. Because of NATO, all of Europe can relax a little bit with their military because of the defensive treaties. This prevents countries like Russia and China from making moves on allied countries because they will be at war with the US, which has a massive and well trained military. 

Ukraine proves my point. Ukraine isn't in NATO nor does it have a defensive pact and it got invaded. do you think Russia will do that to a nato country? Or china to Japan or Korea? No. They won't, because it will drag the US into it.



I don't think you can really compare the US to the UK in any way. But yes, I also believe that healthcare in the US is messed up. I never said it wasn't.
Damn you caught me, must be weird that a 5 year old can put together a better argument than you.
You honestly think Russia and China haven't been trying to make moves? See: south china sea. You honestly think that if the US scaled back it's military 50-60% that no country would try to land grab somewhere? That's fucking stupid. 
nice counter argument
Well there's a reason that no country in NATO gets invaded, and that's because the US is a part of it.
Assault weapons have been banned since the 80s dude 
The states with the most guns per capita have some of the lower deaths per capita..

It’s not a gun thing. It’s a poverty and mental health thing. 
Maybe other countries can afford the nice healthcare they have because they use the US military as their personal defense and don’t have to spend so much on their own military. 


I haven't really tried it that much yet in all honesty
oh shit i forgot to put that, its 3
1/4 and 1/2 dynos are in the post near the bottom, about 15.5 
2015 GTR R35 premium (the one you buy for like 450k from the store)
Oh? thanks man
Ouch 
I haven’t had any issues with it but I never really played d1 
If Bethesda gets it itll be 6 years before we get 1 game then it’ll be ported to every single console for the next 4 years 
I could only imagine a destiny type Star Wars game 

Oh man I would love it
Haven’t used a mouse on my Mac and I’ve had it for a long time. 

Actually I don’t know anyone at my school who actually uses a mouse with their laptop, not even the people with older macs or any windows one. 

At my old school I met 1 person who used a mouse. 
Yeah I’m thinking the drugs had a pretty big impact on that
It's almost like it's its own cable too!

Holy shit who would have thought they make USB-C to almost anything! 

USBc is the new standard, like it or not. 
“USB c to” 

It’s almost like it’s not that hard
Do it. 

(Then update us) 
TIL I'm a Trump supporter even though I didn't vote for him/don't support him

way to answer exactly how/what that is though, nice one.

dae: everyone who disagrees with me is X supporter/person which automatically discredits their opinion???
Adam should monetize the video (I'm not sure if he can/has already, I have an adblocker(I know it's kinda ironic that I say to monetize when I use an adblocker)) and give the profits to Tobi, or split it with him. 

Also I'd love to see Adam fly out there or bring Tobi here. 

Plus his education.. I mean if you think about it, if you set up a gofundme for a college savings account for this guy - or hell just for anything, it wouldn't take a lot to absolutely change that dudes life in every single way. I mean it looked like he needed clothes and shoes badly, too.
I don't even really like his presidency and what he's done I'm just not going to sit there and let some dude say something that he doesn't even understand/makes absolutely no sense.
>Sacrificing public trust in a law enforcement and intelligence institutions in order to desperately try and outmaneuver an investigation into himself

The public barely has any trust for these institutions before Trump was elected.

>eaving the government in a basically non-functioning state due to lack of appointees... these are all breaking the norms of the US democracy. And just a small sampling of a longer list.

Just because you don't like his appointees doesn't mean he's breaking norms. He appointed people he thought were best, which every president does. 

Nothing he has done is new, aside from perhaps calling KJU a rocket man. 


How is he breaking the norms of democracy? Did he proclaim himself an emperor or something? What the fuck does that even mean 
not knowing it's called nickel =/= he didn't know what the defense was
Also getting the flu while pregnant is correlated with increased risk of the child having schizophrenia! 
Well you eat trousers so your opinion doesn’t matter 
DAE AMERICAN CARS ARE SHIT
Who hurt you
A lot
You can’t be a psychologist/psychiatrist without a masters or PhD in psychology. 

You can’t get into those programs without a psych background (like a major) 

I.e. you can’t go into the profession without a psych degree. 

Are you that stupid? Holy shit lol it’s like you’re 5 
So you’re going to go into a psych grad school program without majoring in psych? Have fun with that, lol. 

Not like any other major would be useful at all for psychology. 

Since you said “psych majors are useless” that means the professor is useless. Since psych major is the best way to have a grounding of mental illnesses, etc. 

(Cognitive science is still under psych, too. So that still counts.) 
Ay, SC represent!
You don’t believe in psychology/psychiatry at all? 

I mean I’m going to law school so i think I’m fine. 
So you’re telling me in the real world no one can handle criticism or friendly discussions? (Haha hey you might actually be right about that one)

You gotta remember I’m not criticizing you as a person, just your argument. (Something us psych majors get drilled into our heads!) 

Have a good one though dude idk what your problem is. 
TIL I can’t have a discussion and criticize your argument for doing exactly what you criticize people for without picking a fight, dude. I was completely civil and responded to what you said, if you didn’t want me to respond then you shouldn’t have commented. 
“Psych Manipulate statistics”

“A lot of psych majors are studying psych to figure out what is wrong with them” 

I mean man I can understand you’ve had quite an odd experience with them but if you’re gonna rail on them for something don’t go and do the thing you’re criticizing them for. You can’t just say something that has absolutely no evidence to back it up. 

I mean I’m not saying that all psych majors are without bias but I think one of the keystones of being a good psychologist is being able to recognize your own bias and be able to objectively look at evidence for treatments, etc. I don’t see how a lot of personal bias can influence treatment, and diagnosis research. If you want to talk about the “political” research then I would put that in a completely different category. To then assert that psychologist and research’s then tamper with their studies for this effect is just absolutely a huge claim, and one you have no evidence for really. 


Ouch 
Not really, no lol
I was getting that she’s super in love with him (potentially forming because of the childhood trauma and him being the guy that “saved her” then immediately abandoned her) but the show creators were just too scared to pull a game of thrones season one incest storyline. I wish they would have, it would have made her character much more believable instead of “only I can love him” to “he’s actually mine, he’s going to father my children” level. 

Or they could just be implying that she has super super super bad psych issues because of his abandonment of her and her childhood trauma of the yakuza and etc. this could just be her being really clingy in not an incestusl way but in a mentally broken, he is a safe space kind of way. 


Hey what’s wrong with psych degrees 

-psych major 

Edit: wow people really don’t like psych majors
He makes 6000 figures? He must be the richest man in the world. 
Weird, I love it. I’ve never had any finger issues with it. 
Oh Jesus Christ that’s a lot
I believe he said he was making 60k a month 

They intentionally slow down phones with degraded batteries so your phone doesn’t die in 20 minutes*
There’s a video of Patricia explaining how it was actually the right call to not run him
But he sure does game plan a great offense 
I thought it was 2 weeks
/r/NFL: calls out hypocrisy from NFL on caring about player safety

Also /r/NFL: this. 
Oh? That’s stupid as hell. I hope the don’t do that
Fuck I just bought my AirPods last week. Should I return them and wait? 
Underrating you? How is it underrating you? Yall had a ton of threads and now some pretty breaking news came out.. it's called the news cycle. 
Wow y’all just never stop 
The Slavs are interested
Should say patriots d 
Oh yes all of these shit posts are making the SB loss so much easier to handle
Just do NOT go on /r/nfl
I would be ok with this 
Because Richards is his protege and he ain’t gonna give up on him even though a tree would provide better coverage
Can’t tell if that’s smart or ridiculously stupid 
Forget coaching, all he needs is a name change to goodemosi
Current patriot defense leader, too. 
He also owns the company that makes them.. so..
oof she's actually a steelers fan
The dude had a QBR of 115.4 The dude threw for 505 yards and 3 TDs. 

It's not his fault that his defense fell apart.
the eagles had one of the best pass rushes in the league and they only got 1 sack on brady. D line wasnt gonna win that game, secondary was.
The fact that you think letting 41 points is ok completely discredits your opinion
Those hits shouldn't be allowed. 
Brady literally just set a record for passing and you're trying to say that foles was as good as him.

I never said you said that brady had a bad game. I'm not defensive about his leagacy. I'm just disagreeing with the fact that you think that Foles was "as good as" brady, when he wasn't. Brady was objectively better that game, putting him a level above elite. Foles played great, but not on Brady's level. He played on "normal" brady's level, but this wasn't a normal game by brady. 

>When you've calmed down from the loss, I need you to go back and watch that game again for me.

Yea buddy, I am calm from it. Brady had what, 5 more attempts, 150 more yards, 18 yards/throw, 115.4 passer rating, and set a record for passing. Brady played MUCH better than foles. It was probably one of brady's best games if not his best game ever and foles was no where near matching that. 

28/48, 505, 18/t, 3td, 0 int vs 28/43, 373, 13.3/t, 3td, 1int.

Foles wasn't close.

>score for score.

Score for score is different than being as good as brady. I haven't moved the goalposts at all. My orginial argument is that they were not toe to toe in skill that game. Brady outclassed foles, however, the eagles D was MUCH better than the pats d which allowed them to get a few key stops. 
Well they matter a lot considering Brady’s rating was higher and he set passing records and you’re saying Foles went toe to toe with him? No he didn’t. 

Obviously eagles played better football but there is no argument that you could make that begins to say that Foles played anywhere near as well as Brady last night. 
Right... ok. 
The fact that butler didn't play one drive (when they were marching up nad down the field with ease) is what pisses me off.

OK they scored with him in, and? You think one of the other guys was gonna get a stop? I dont.
We have a lot of signings to do this offseason.. I hope we have the cap space for everyone. There's a LOT of current players up. 
eagles had one of the best d lines in the league but they still only got 1 sack. Dline/rushers weren't going to win that game.
If by toe to toe you mean 150 yards behind him, then ok.

Brady just put on a QB master class w/ a 115.4 rating. Foles again did great but he wasn't "toe to toe" with brady. 
3 TDS 505 yards 0int (115.4 rating) vs 3 TDs 374 yards 1INT  (106.1 rating)

It’s entirely possible. The fact that butler didn’t play A SINGLE defensive snap is extremely weird. I can’t say for sure that butler would have turned the game around but it is definitely possible that bill blew the game by making a poor decision. 
My number 1 crush is Alexis Ren and I don’t think anyone is being mean to her 
Holy shit you’re salty as hell. Cheated a team out of the Super Bowl? Get over yourself. 
Our defensive coaches lost the game. We put up 33 points. That should be more than enough to win a super bowl. Allowing 41 to nick fucking Foles is the travesty. 
The reasoning I believe he’s saying is that since BB is so good he gets the benefit of the doubt until all the facts come out. 


You honestly can’t say mcdaniels was bad when we put up 33 points. Patricia and the defense was what lost us the game. 

Yeah, we needed more points. No shit. We shouldn’t NEED to score 40+ points to win. 
Well there’s no other time to deal w it because he’s gone after this season but I agree he should have played, at least one series. 
This sub is absolute trash right now 
How is a bad snap/hold mcdaniels fault. That’s like the first time that’s happened in a very very long time 
Has to be BB decision because he can override any of his coaches at any point to put him in
I was strictly referencing what I quoted you with, but okay. 

Well to me it’s no question what the choice is, so no. 

Is it possible that B.B. wanted to trade Brady and let jimmy be the new face of the franchise? Yeah. Is it possible that kraft interfered and said he had to trade him? Yeah, but that wouldn’t be very Kraft like. 
You said jimmy g and brisket being traded made no sense, but it makes perfect sense. You either sign jimmy who’s played 2 games and got hurt and trade Tom next season or trade jimmy and keep he QB who just passed for 505 yards and won MVP 
Yes and Brady was still the better QB of the game. He carried his team the entire game but the eagles d was just good enough to get the one stop they needed while the patriots d was not. 

Winning the game doesn’t automatically make you the better qb. Brady objectively outclassed Foles who still had a great game, but the patriots D didn’t have the talent to make the stop needed. 
Except Brady was objectively better than Foles this game.. the only difference was the D. One was just good enough. 
Jimmy g or Brady had to go. Coaches didn’t feel brisket was good enough. 
He didn’t go toe to toe with Brady though. Brady still put up like 150 more yards than him. 

If Hightower and Edelman don’t get put on IR then it doesn’t matter either 
Ok buddy 
Some people handle things differently than you. No need to be a dick about it. 
Those few seconds could have given us one more Hail Mary shot 
Start a change.org petition to cut him please
I mean honestly we can’t say for sure butler would have made a difference. Butler also played like shit sometimes this year. 
I’m not the dude that replied to you but he made a completely different point that is still valid. People are going to come here to vent, you don’t have to be shitty about that. 
A lot of people? Yeah a few people keep repeating the same unverified rumor lol...
We were down 41-33.. 

That means we would have been 41-37...

... which means we would still have needed a touchdown.....
If he made that Hail Mary I think it would have put him at like 550ish? Put in overtime.... that’s a record. 
If you don’t want to see people venting and discussing the patriots and how shitty the d came out tonight then maybe you shouldn’t come to the subreddit. 
I’m arguing that helmet to helmet should not be a part of the game, it doesn’t need to be. There is no legitimate reason to keep it in the game. 

He would have been ejected if the NFL had the CFB rule, which I think they should have. 
I think this scenario Brady literally has no blame to be had except for maybe the fumble.
Cooks was a legal hit, the taunting after should have pulled a flag... hopefully they make some rule changes next year to make that not a legal hit, that’s absurd. 
Uh cooks didn’t duck his head at the last minute, it was level for the entire time homeboy was running at him. He could have wrapped him up and made tackle lower. Completely unnecessary to tackle like that and shouldn’t be allowed. 
So every receiver should just go down when they catch it? 

There needs to be a rule change. Helmet to helmet like that shouldn’t be allowed. There is no defensible argument to keep it. 
Fuck off dude lmao 
Because it’s going to kill the sport and the players. 
“Typical”

Lol ok? Usually it’s everyone on nfl crying about us getting no calls. 
It shouldn’t be clean 
Because this is the only way he can feel better about himself
How do we let them have it..
What’s the record currently?
Brady isn’t losing to a backup qb... our d is. 
All of us in the pats thread are, trust me. We’re confused. 
can anyone shed light on butler? 
Huh that’s so weird 
If only it were that easy lol
What did he do?
@shiba_charmy on instagram. 
I feel like you're being pretty misleading..

1) reckless driving CAN BE a felony. I know people that have been pulled for going 30-40mph over the speed limit and they still dont get felonies. It's really hard to get a felony by JUST speeding. 

2) vandalism, hacking, theft CAN be a felony.. but there is a misdemeanor charge too.. 

3) financial crimes are too broad for me to bother to look at them all..

There's a reason there is a scale for these.. lesser vandalism isn't going to get you slapped with a felony. And it sounds like your friend lied to you, lol.
Different cultures? 

You can't take a European sample and say it represents the US population. That's just not representative at all. And you're also sure it's the exact same in EVERY single european country? lol..
your personal experience =/= what will happen every singe time in every country

It’s honestly not. It’s the internet. People act retarded for fun. 
Europe isn’t the US. 
Or a younger sting agent, probably 
What will happen:

Employee wage raised

Price of product raised to cover this 

No more tips because it turns from 12+3 tip 

to $15 with raised wage 

to $17-$20 with raised wage + tip

People getting tipped make less money because tips dry up. 
If you have one person on your team trolling you should try carrying harder! It’s a great way to win the game with only having 4 people. 

-rito
Damn you’re stupid as hell lol the small part of Italians that are racist or xenophobic didn’t just turn racist because of trump 

I’d be willing to be you don’t know jack shit about Italian culture or feelings toward immigration, etc
Are you not old enough to have a conversation about the problems of mass immigration? Because going straight to discrediting him because he’s a trump supporter is stupid as hell and childish. 
Lol that is obviously a joke. 
Says the dude who just went straight to ad hominem lol
Did you know the grid girls themselves are pissed that they did this?
You people care way too much about what company other peoples phones are lol
Wallpaper engine on steam, iirc
Hurdur “everyone who votes for trump is retarded” 

Y’all have to make everything about him haha Jesus Christ it’s so annoying 
No it’s not
Well they have to get matches first 
I thought you meant a $300 phone not the 8 that is $300 cheaper, my b
two of these videos are on the front page? Cmon mods..
Don’t buy any smartphone! Only buy a flip phone! 

Why do you need a smartphone? 

Why do you need a galaxy instead of just a normal cheap Motorola one or something? 
TIL formula 1 doesn’t have any physical aspect

(It does)
Except it leaves other phones in the dust in terms of speed 
X has wireless charging... doesn’t need the extra port. 

Either use Bluetooth headphones or use wireless charging. They built these features into the phone for a reason. To be used..
Then get an 8???
But no cheaper phone that runs iOS. 

The main reason most people buy iPhones. 
Just because they can’t sympathize with this doesn’t mean they’re a sociopath. 
Which I think they shouldn't be, so; we agree. 

Seems to be a disagreement between medical professionals about that though (which is not good!)
I told you what the American psychiatric association thinks, not what transactiveonline thinks. 
The treatment for children doesn’t involve hormones or surgery. 

Well let me rephrase: according to the American psychiatric association, treatment shouldn’t involve those things. 
And you think you’re understanding what I’m saying? Lol you’re too busy slamming the downvote button to even read it

If Your entire argument is about children and if you read the link I posted earlier you’d see the correct treatment procedure...


child’s treatment typically involves a multi-disciplinary team of health care professionals, which may include a pediatrician, a psychiatrist, other mental health professionals, a pediatric endocrinologist (specialists in hormone conditions in children) and an advocate. Treatment may focus primarily on affirming psychological support, understanding feelings and coping with distress, and giving children a safe space to articulate their feelings. For many children the feelings do not continue into adolescence and adulthood.

And then adults are adults- they can make their own decisions. 

But thanks for that personal attack. Real nice there buddy. Can’t talk about something without getting attacked, what a dude you are. Pathetic. 
Hormonal treatments don’t singularly change your gender... 
hormonal treatments aren’t even the first line treatments for this and that’s WHY it takes so long to actually get GRS...?

edit: children don’t even get hormones normally. 

Your professor was wrong because GRS isn’t the only treatment, it’s just the end treatment. 

Like even the APA says this: https://www.psychiatry.org/patients-families/gender-dysphoria/what-is-gender-dysphoria
How many children have been given gender reassignment surgery..?
What the hell are they supposed to do? I’m also a psych major that’s going to start law school next semester but that’s literally the only treatment available for people with this condition. Since they experience distress that their sex does not match their gender you can change it...

It’s not like GRS is the first line treatment for this either.. it takes a long time of treatment and consultations with psychiatrists and then finally surgeons before a procedure like this is signed off on..
Gender dysphoria is the anxiety or stress one experiences when their sex does not match their gender identity. 

Gender dysphoria is not the mental illness of being transgender. 

You can say that psychology is wrong but I’m not going to let you say incorrect information about the disorder. 
Easily changed belief system? 

Doesn’t seem like it’s so easily changed for most people! 
All tomboys are not considered trans. 
So how much would it cost to do it this way vs how much would it cost to build something like that a "modern" way - including all the modern amenities we enjoy. ac, heat, plumbing, electricity, etc. 

What about if you did it a modern way but had no care for money? What about a "budget" build? Any differences? How much would something like this even cost you?

How much quicker could it be completed? 

Which one would be "better"? Would the modern one be "studier"? (I don't really know what word to use)

Ah that would make more sense 
You’re saying that drugs causing psychosis is an unsubstantiated rumor?

Oh boy you should just look through psychnet or google scholar..
I don’t know why you’re getting downvoted, drugs can really fuck with your mental conditions. 

Psychosis is a side effect of some drugs guys... 

Edit: homie was at like -7 when I commented 
Ohhhh shit you can hear how shaky his voice is. Dude sounds like he’s about to beat someone senseless
The guy literally says he’s an eagles fan in the video 
Here’s an MIT professor debunking deflategate. 

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=wwxXsEltyas
I never said that any amount was ok? OP said that every single one was bribed which is objectively untrue 
The dude I replied to literally did 
So one out how many means they all were? 

Fuck off with your generalizations

“Because people think the country should do something that I don’t think it should do means they were bribed” 

That’s the most asinine thing I’ve ever heard 
Piratesonline.co i think, just google “the legend of pirates online”
Some people took it over and run a legacy one, its actually super fun still
I had 2 galaxys and I hated them. The UI is ugly. but that's why there's multiple brands- something for everyone.
Fuck and to think I’m applying to law schools when I should just be a manager at in and out
A double bacon cheeseburger 
Damn that dude really doesn’t like black people
The only laws in the US about ratings and kids is AO and NC17. Those are illegal to sell to minors. M, T, whatever else are all fine to sell to minors. You can be fired from your job because of story policy, but there is no regulation that prevents it. 
What? Government regulations? There is no government regulation that prevents the sale of M rated games to children. It’s store policy. 
Except nobody listens to that and their parents buy it for them? 

So if your dad hands you the controller and tells you to kill that dude that’s not bad? 
So they can play battlefield and cod but not this?
That’s getting upset over nothing... there’s no safe way to point a rocket launcher or machine gun at a crowd...

They’re deactivated guns. It doesn’t matter.  
Let’s just let them do it on call of duty when they get home
Because the other phones on the market suck more than apples 

they look like ass and they aren't any better. Pixel 2 doesnt have aux. Only galaxy does. Ive had 2 galaxys and I hated them both. They dont look clean and the lack of imessage and facetime is super annoying.
I don't like apple in that sense, but i still like their phones more than anyone else.
So what makes galaxy better? it's the same shit

iphone X is faster. 

Pixel has a better camera. 

Galaxy does whatever galaxy does.

Who the fuck cares what phone you get? they're all about the same price, stop shitting on people for liking what they like. 
3d touch the screen (if you dont have 3d touch you long press) and you can move your cursor dude
It costs the same amount as galaxys though...

maybe she just likes iphones look more than galaxys. I know I do.. lol
Ui is cleaner than any andriod phone

I love imessage

I love face time

So he avoided prison 
I’m a psych major that’s starting law school next semester. 

1) sciences don’t teach you “facts.” Any science professor will tell you that. What it teaches you is what the evidence says and what that evidence points to. My chemistry professor literally just said this yesterday. 

2) if you think psychology is only feelings and not “facts” in the same sense of what the above statement says then you’re absolutely stupid. My psych courses have involved more neuroscience than actual psychology in the sense that you’re thinking. I’m willing to bet you think all psychologists are just the people you go tell your feelings too, which would be horribly wrong.  Behavior analysis, neuroscience, etc are al huge parts of psychology too. 

I’m not going to sit here and defend psychology or other “social” sciences to you because honestly I don’t care enough to waste any more time. Just know that STEM degrees aren’t the only useful thing you can get. 

Finally, this isn’t debate club. I don’t have to follow the logical fallacy rules on reddit. I’m going to attack your character because you’re a moron. 


Try turning off location services, turn off phone, turn it back on and turn location on, then restart again. also turn background refresh on. That got it to work for me- mine used to do the same thing. 
Try turning off location services, turn off phone, turn it back on and turn location on, then restart again, also turn background refresh on. That got it to work for me. 
>learn facts instead of feelings.

holy shit you're ignorant af
"why is this enchilada making my mouth numb"
oh god it's so ugly
Humans have the ability to be the best cardio runners on earth... that doesn't mean that we can all outrun (distance wise) any animal without lots of training. 
Well then you get to go last mr. 