I say we have Purdue, Northwestern, Michigan, and Ohio State take out Notre Dame. We have them surrounded and they are a threat to all of us. After that we can all take our own lines south.

Edit: [Here is my master plan](https://i.imgur.com/5B6lpWR.png)
IS IT DONE YET? 
Looks spicy 
Rude
I had totally already thought of this. Its just a coincidence that I will be changing my flair soon...
My word. 6-0 Boilers? Going into a home game against Ohio State. I might die.
I think David Blough is gonna light it up.
Subscribe
I'm so sad now.
Also Drew Brees is normally at one game a year. But its true the moon is around more.
"today I learned I learned..."
f
*F*
I mean plenty of people have memetastic dust covers. 
After looking, I guess Andy Smith. Left Purdue and won 3 National Championships in the 20s at Cal.
1. Duke

2. Gonzaga

3. Kentucky

4. Kansas

5. Oklahoma State
I'm good. I really don't enjoy it. But to each his own. 
Ahh like when I drunkenly snuck into my colleges football stadium freshmen year. Amazing experience. Trouble came 3 years later when I tried to do it again and got arrested... 
I'm in Japan for three weeks for work. Now that I know about this I'm gonna go to a game next weekend!
Nice
La Aldea is a fair way off of campus, but still in West Lafayette. Absolutely no one knows about it. It's a Mexican restaurant in a gas station and it is amazing.'

Or Captain Gyros. Best gyros around.
!RemindMe 1 day
https://8values.github.io/results.html?e=27.4&d=44.1&g=73.8&s=67.4

Libertarian Capitalist. Seems about right for me.
Nice
Same 

-A Purdue Fan
Clue-bot.roll(hard);
Painter, and purdue generally, has had terrible luck. His best teams have had injuries that have crippled them. The offense was set to basically resolve around Haas and Haarms minutes were to play good defense and maintain leads while Haas rested all year. You can't expect any coach to completely change the offense in a week at tournament time when someone goes down. 
F
Thank you. I feel you guys as well. I obviously don't understand what you went through at the end of this season. But I hope we can both find success going forward!
That's fair. I think Texas tech was already a bad match up for us. It was gonna be tough with Haas. But it's so much worse to leave me wondering. 
I very much agree. To switch the entire focus of the offense and still beat a team of thst caliber is great. The problem is having those switch the entire focus of the offense... 
Very true. And I agree that coaching is not why we lost. Just think it could have been closer with a little more discipline. Painter has been put in these shitty situations before with great teams and I hate it. 
That's what I'm saying. It was a shit situation, but I think that if Painter had drilled it into them to stick more to sets it would have been closer. Not blaming him. I'm not on the fire Painter wagon and never have been. He has repeatedly been put in shitty situations. 
This season is just another what if. Classic Purdue. 2010, 2011, 2004 football. The second Haas hit the ground I knew it wasn't gonna be what I wanted. Painter could have coached this better but he was stuck in a real shitty situation yet again. 
This season is just another what if. Classic Purdue. 2010, 2011, 2004 football. The second Haas hit the ground I knew it wasn't gonna be what I wanted. Painter could have coached this better but he was stuck in a real shitty situation yet again. 
This season is just another what if. Classic Purdue. 2010, 2011, 2004 football. The second Haas hit the ground I knew it wasn't gonna be what I wanted. Painter could have coached this better but he was stuck in a real shitty situation yet again. 
I'm real sad. 
It's just bad ball by the boilers. 
I hate the crap shots we keep chucking up after not moving the ball at all. If we run our sets I feel like we are winning. Please tell me why I'm wrong. I want us to be doing all that we can do. 
Honestly I hope so. But I still doubt it. 
Plz
I don't blame any of our players. It was a huge curveball to have Haas taken out. I blame the dude from CSU Fullerton for dragging him down. I'm sick of Purdue getting set up with a great team and having injuries. I'm just sad. 
Brb gonna KMS
All correct 
Never forget:

10/16/04

02/24/10

10/16/10

03/16/18
I mean yeah. Lol
Idk who called your center a monkey but that's shitty. Spelling is Haarms. And his country was invaded by Nazi Germany in WWII. 
I mean he is a big difference maker to our team. I won't say that if we lose. It will be more like a depressed what if. 
Ahh now for the traditional purdue gives up a big run at the end of the 1st. Classic. 
Yeah its thst borderline slowball dribble. Except he breaks it out in traffic. 
Such bad offense... 
This is accurate 
I started paying attention right when things started going badly. I will go back to not paying attention now. 
Thst was a clean block 
Retrievers fetch the win! 
Gonna need a gif of that Haarms reaction 
Fuck nonononono
Sounds like you're gonna be sober... 
I would say at up 12 points for each minute remaining. 
I agree
It's never too late for the Boiler to blow it
Shooting foul
I now have 320,000 gal of gasoline. Nice. 
This kills the bracket. 
Well I like it
2/7 in Indiana. Not good!
Good bot
I'm on this one as well. They look pretty good right now.
Audio very out of sync. Great start. 
I'm also still using a 6P. Still absolutely amazing. No issues at all. 
Yeah I came here expecting to see things like March madness starts next week, this movie that is gonna come out in two months is going to be amazing, etc. Like concrete things that will happen. 
Dough goes in. Tortilla comes out. You can't explain that. 
Ahh gotcha. Thanks. Figured I would double check before changing my tracking sheet. 
Were the score potentials changed this week? The values are different than they used to be on the sheet.
Actually it is degrees. Has nothing to do with it being absolute. With Kelvin you don't use degrees but with Rankine you do. 
Also be aware if you find a place within Detroit itself they do have a city income tax. 
Nice
I don't like basketball 
Thst us absolute horse shit 
That camera angle is fucking terrible. 
Yeah I did the audio book and it was really good. Highly recommend. 
That's true but we match up with Michigan terribly. They have given me heart problems every time we have played them. Great games for neutral fans though. 
Please win MSU. I can't handle playing Michigan again... 
And now we all go back to work for 30 min. 
NOT ANYMORE 
Fucking idiot. 
1908 Purdue went 0-8 in Big 10 play.
How is this Trump related? 
Nice 
Bar graphs? What is this /r/CollegeBasketball 
Nice
WHAT THE FUCK. REBOUND. 
Ohh no
My heart.... My liver.... 
Help
So do you... At least when we play you guys. I hate playing you. 
Or bring a clue box
2011... And yes. It was very rough... 
Don't you dare have confidence. If that happens with any of this, it all ends. 
Anybody else notice Hass seems to be shooting way faster than usual after he gets the ball? I think that's hurting his shooting and limiting his opportunities to kick it out for a 3.
I just started white collar. It's been real good and it's on Netflix. 
https://i.imgur.com/Yeh1aja.jpg
Jay? 
Nice
I would also like one that includes the previous shot from Ohio State. 
https://youtu.be/7Qxu5cvW-ds
Holy shit. The chair. This is amazing. 
I would like some insurance. 
I didn't like the result the last time that happened... 
Purdue's old train logo? Or the one they switched to in 2012 that looks like a penis?

[Old](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/3f/15/1d/3f151d5eee3376497e735507fe703995.jpg)

[Penis](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/25/6a/ff/256aff5d9fe05fd482ebabbde7911f64--purdue-logo-purdue-university.jpg)
Same. I'm gonna be way under. lol
Others receiving votes: Arkansas 83, Notre Dame 73, **Clemson 35**, Louisville 28, Texas 21, Nevada 13, Minnesota 9, Oklahoma St. 9, Alabama 5, SMU 5, Auburn 4, Virginia Tech 3, Rhode Island 2, Syracuse 2, Florida 2, Michigan 1, Towson 1.
Born and raised a Purdue fan. From the Detroit area and my 2nd flair looks like the Lions.
You mean batting the ball out of the end zone after Calvin's fumble?
Detroit Institute of Arts
I took a German cinema class my last semester of college as a blow off. We watched 13 movies and I really enjoyed most of them. They ranged from like 1923 to 2013. But I guess the only two I think I would have really put on the same level of enjoyment as most movies I like outside the context of the class are Run Lola Run and Downfall. 
You right! 
*Jets
Looking for a new place with a friend and he wants to get a place in downtown Detroit. I refuse because I don't want to pay the 2.4% city income tax. 
Is it bad to have an air of positivity in out sub and make joking comments that poke at our flawed history in the league sub? 
I still don't claim him as one of our own. 
The X-Files
I think I love you.
Gonzaga, you guys wanna trade? I need me some Boi1er5.
Tacos
I agree that the commands were not the most clear. But, It was a different cop that was giving the commands than the one that shot.

I think it was simply a case of suspected armed guy reached for where people generally cary guns = reasonable fear for life. 

I also believe that the officer giving the commands should have been revealed of duty. He may have been i haven't heard what happened to him. 
Because drunk people never shoot anyone... 
The problem was that they believed there to be more armed people in the room. If they had gone over to cuff him they mighta been blated. 
Nahh Purdue always loses in the Sweet 16
It's there for the a similar reason as the button on pants. You want to do up the button/clasp before zipping it up to put minimal strain on the zipper as possible. 
Ohh no you need to look way earlier for the worst episode. It was S01E13 "Route 666" also know as the racist truck episode. 
Welp I can't read. 
Jerk in off twice a day would only get you $73,000 in a year. So not $100,000 in half a year.

Edit: I can't read. 
Glad they didn't really show that last play... 
You guys are great when it comes to unclassy chants. I originally hated the "you are ugly" chants because it doesn't make sense. Haas is a beautiful man. But over time I've learned to love it. I hope you find a new purdue man to call ugly after Haas is gone. GG. 
I have to agree. I feel like I'm really starting to accept them as B1G because of close basketball games. They're stressful to watch but great games. They have a great arena. 
I'm pretty sure it's tradition at this point lol
Next show is at 3 est. People are listening to this now. http://tonybasilio.com/vhm_chalk_box.php
So what do we listen to now?
Haha yikes. 
Ahh that makes sense. The ones we lost were close, but our wins have been blowouts. 
Well deserved. I wanted it to be Brohm but you can't argue with undefeated. 
Wow. Giving Purdue a 4 right now seems a bit high but I'm not mad about it. 
You did it! 
♥ 
Yes. And I was allowed to slip into the pain of being a Lions fan but not all allowed the positive outlet of being a Michigan fan or even a Michigan State fan. I was raised a Purdue fan. Let me tell you the mediocrity of a Lions Purdue combo hurts. 
I'm sorry. I went back to thinking that purdue was a basketball school for a second. 
Agreed
I'm sorry I went to watch Minnesota vs Miami basketball... 
Why am I only finding out now about the emergency broadcast? 
Detroit here. But good call for many other Boilers. 
RIP my normal morning show. Sorry Dave and Chuck this is more important. 
It just ended :/
Yes
It's been hilarious all day. I say go for it. 
https://i.imgur.com/EDP2Jpf.gifv
http://radio.securenetsystems.net/ce/index.cfm?stationCallSign=WKGN2

This is it but they are playing a pre-recorded show until 3 est I think. No coaching talk.
Man it feels good to be back on the map! 
Go White! 
Eifert is a walk-on? 
Personally I did not think it was a fun game to watch. But to each his own. 
I hate everything. 
I mean it's dead
*blocked kicks
Well fuck me. 
mu-hoon-goo
Loose the Luce
Fuck all of this
I'm so hard 
Flopping bitch. 
Yup. I'm from Michigan, but have family with land down there. I'm driving down right now. Should be a great weekend. Good luck to yo! 
Rifle season opens for deer in Missouri tomorrow! 
Firemaking. Lol
I got my first 99 in OSRS. Also graduated from college, but mostly the 99.
Honestly, I'm not even mad at that field goal. Thst was damn impressive. 
Just A Friend and that's all I need. 
Venged
I mean pretty much every chain has these in America. 
That was all jersey 
Bullshit. That was textbook targeting with a late hit. 
That was a dirty hit. I hope Blough is alright. 
I just figured someone would be autistic enough to do a solid number. 
I mean for me it wouldn't be the ruined picture. The person fucked up their food. The first one was fine because he really just cut it. But the other shit he smashed. I don't want my food smashed. 
I wanna win
It comes out tomorrow. Probably just try to get a slayer task to save for tomorrow. 
This was the first time so who knows. 
O
I don't like football. 
Wow thats way easier than jumping around on wikipedia like I was...
Last time Purdue did it was in 2000. We beat Northwestern who finished 8-4 and Wisconsin who finished 9-4. Now I'm sad.
My 2nd flair is for a Korean team that has the same logo as the Detroit Lions. These are things Lions fans say. 
Diagnosed dyslexic here. Saving this because it is the best description that I have seen of what i experience. 
#RestoreTheRoar
Now this is some real tinfoil action I can get behind. 
[[Purdue vs Notre Dame]]
Agreed. I think that Purdue should be solidly at 7, behind Iowa.
Which is alt + 248
I want our yearly game with ND back. Was played yearly from 1946 to 2014. 86 meeting dating back to 1896. Purdue was absolutely terrible when it ended but had still held ND to close games for the last few meetings. The rivalry even has the Shillelagh Trophy. How can trophy games not be played every year?
I think this was the one in Russia in 2013.

Edit: I was wrong. 
I quit
Those are the only ones I don't like. 
I'm late here but I just wanted to say that those Panthers uniforms are fuckin sweet.
I fucking hate Aaron Rogers
I still miss Fauria 
Brick hands Ebron
Espn news
Broadcast go out? 
I would love you
Which is alt+248
Absolutely love the Iron Banana and Saladin shirts. Great work! 
This cat team - bird team friendship is making me uncomfortable
I mean... yeah. That's fair. 
Purdue played one good half of football! 
Clearly short 
You can find other people on /r/Fireteams 
I don't get it. 
F
That video should have started 30 seconds later. 
Nice
I'm so sad
This is ass
Fuck refs 
I'm hard 
Fuck 
Or on BaconReader
Completely. I was like "who the hell gilded me for a 2 month old comment?" 
Ohh thank you! The memeing paid off! 
10? Not bad. 
R
Yep. Except you have to request the tickets for each game for basketball on the ticket buying website. No additional charge. For smaller sports you just have to show your boarding pass card at the door. 
!RemindMe 8 days
Nope. They just email you the tickets. 
Slime? Like on nick? 
🔨🍆
Snipping tool
Nice
But Yanille is the closest to run to the bank for more bones? 
You mean Yanille, not Rimmington. 
That could be detected as macroing if the mouse teleports. Change the mode on chrome remote desktop so you have to drag the mouse and you should be fine. 
Thats what makes it a good meme
!RemindMe 2 years "is he maxed?"
Nice
I was gonna be so mad if they didn't light it. 
Why remove Jad from tournament worlds? 
Lol. Well that works too. 
Just looked it up by apparently cave horror and kurask superiors are the only aggressive superiors. I had the same thought as you.
https://www.reddit.com/r/runescape/comments/2v7ucy/what_the_heck_is_a_farm_tick/
I can never manage to click it while running. Support. 
Whew
So dems
Gotcha thanks. I had no idea. 
I have no idea whats happening in the pic?
What does PJ mean?
I like money! 
I would look up some guides. You should probably get 75 range for a toxic blowpipe at least.
No idea whats average. My bank is about 91m. Just came up steadily doing slayer, farming, and stuff like that.
Is there a guide anywhere about how to best gear for f2p castlewars? I haven't played it since like 2006. Do I want to just bring gear for 1 combat style, or multiple? Any advice would be appreciated.
Are there any other clips of the last wave? I would love to see the entire last wave.
"faked cancer" 


Emily? 
Or because of the way that he found the solution he wants to put out more hints so that the community can find the solution in the way that it was intended to be solved.
I usually bring super combat and monkfish for tasks if I'm not praying. 
I literally have no idea what this means. Is it the wrong amount of runes for a tele?
yeah. I'm fine with it not logging when you switch to a different app. That's no different that switching to chrome while on your desktop, but a notification is a bit much.
F
You can run Android apps on it so I don't see why not. 
Hat sub
Anybody have another link? Won't load for me. 
🔥 🔥 🔥 post
That is 100% a Gen 4 camaro made from 93-02. 
That's not a child. 
The Ferrari was unveiled in 2015
Well theres also people who get a small script for miscellaneous things. I had like a 3 day supply after I had a biopsy done on my tongue. 
Even better! 
And birds whose wings are red. Like cardinals. 
Simpsons did it
26.69/69.69%
They got it right in runescape 
RemindMe! 2 days Donation for /r/millionairemakers
Such a shocking confession. 
What does this have to do with Volvo? 
Anybody have a link to this that's not in slow motion? 
Generally better ice cream at places that specialize in it. You generally are getting the same video games or candy no matter where you go. 
Fair enough! 
Chick fil A has ice cream? Why don't you people just go to ice cream places? 
The replace fuel in Indy pitstops. Also in Indycar only 6 people can be over the wall. Thay means only one person per tire. 
Swat in Halo 2 for me. 
Was this melt/grilled cheese copy pasta?
I would reply that I'm carrying it because it compliments my outfit. 
Lmao
Price is about 15k on GE in OSRS right now 
https://youtu.be/XloiWExMgs8
How is this a fuck up? I mix orange juice and vanilla ice cream all the time and it's amazing. 
I hate the penis train. It was much better at an angle. 
They're saying all clear. No rain. 
God help us
All of my beautiful favorites. Just gonna be made ugly... 🐙🐢🐍🐨🐒
Am I the only one who likes the way hangouts looks and never has bugs? It's buttery smooth looks great. 
Is there any not in slow motion? 
/r/weekendgunnit
Based on the name I would say it's a melt place. 
And Calvin... 
Hmm it's the first Saturday of every month in Michigan and Indiana 
But that pushes up my penis and I can't get the right angle on the bottle. 
But how do you get the bottle to be vertical enough? Mine is always hitting my seat. 
2873
I don't travel internationally much (Detroit originally but going to school at Purdue, occasional trips to Windsor). I've been on project fi since the 6P came out. I had the Galaxy Nexus on Verizon, then I moved to AT&T for the nexus 5. Based on my experience, Verizon has the best speeds but Project Fi has the best overall experience. I may not get VZW speeds in a lot of areas but they have some pretty big holes. At least in 2013 Verizon had a big lack of data coverage between Lafayette and Fort Wayne Indiana. AT&T and Project Fi have covered me with great data speeds in this and other rural regions. This, in addition to the great straight up pricing on Fi, is enough for me to say that Project Fi has been my best overall cellular provider. 
Thanks. Nice solution. Haven't been at a computer so wasn't really an option but I'll keep that idea in mind for future questions! 
Thank you! 
Does anybody have something similar to this for any other countries? Maybe the UK or Canada? 
Seems obvious on the surface. Not uncommon for rookies to try to correct and turn the wheel a bit right. Never works at Indy. Garunteed into the wall. 
Yeah. Or get a CCP.
Everything came full circle. 
MapsWithoutMichigan 
I hate Gonzaga nearly as much as I hate IU and honestly I don't know why. Someone please help. 
Small
That was perfect. Amazingly well done. 
First time beating a raid boss in Destiny. The first clear always takes so many trys with just one small mistake by one person causing a wipe each time. When you finally get to the enrage your heart is beating a million times a minute and you finally start to believe that you may actually beat it. 
Took me 43 doing wizards to upgrade my husk
A bot made by google.
Ohh shit. 
Yeah they seem to have missed the context. Just Googled it again and it pulls the Wikipedia page and doesn't pull the card. I guess Google really is on top of it. http://imgur.com/a7teoww
I'll give the end of the 1st to dumb luck. I'll give the 2nd to Kansas. You guys are really good. I wish you luck and will be rooting for you*.

*Unless Wisconsin is in the championship gsme
I feel sad. I think all of Harry's feels sad RN. 
I thank you for you condescending support. 
Well it was... 
Harrys is lit right now
No Lions :(
It's gonna be a hell of a game. I felt like if we made it past Iowa State we would be able to compete with you guys. It will either go down as an instant classic or you guys blow us out. 
That was actually pretty good. 
I mean Earth's atmosphere is currently about 400 ppm CO2 and has never really been much below 200 ppm. Currently Mars's atmosphere is 959700 ppm CO2 but at about 0.6% of the atmosphereic pressure of Earth. So, assuming that Dalton's law is valid, if we brought Mars to Earth's atmospheric pressure without the addition of any CO2 Mars would have a CO2 concentration of 5758.2 ppm. So based on what I can tell you are correct. In fact, we would need to remove some CO2. But idk I'm drunk. Let me know if I'm wrong. All my numbers were pulled from Wikipedia for Earth and Mars CO2 levels. 
So many near upsets tonight. Please USC don't leave me with blue balls. 
I'm in
I'm not
Help
I mean probably. 
Huge flop
Fucking christ
Nice
I went out and bought this because of you. I have seen so many of your lemon bread comments today. http://imgur.com/SWtWQvK
I would like to add below ~10 (with wind up to about 25): when I walk inside the fluid on my eyes feels cold
Thank you. That's the silver lining that I needed. 
I picked you guys and lost my longest streak ever on Streak for the Cash. So I am also very much hurt by both games too. 
Ohio state took my W13. Then I lost on Texas Tech 
I had to do an emergency ascent once. Luckily I was only in about 40 ft of water. Still scary though. Also completely my fault, was not paying attention to my air. 
Cheers man. My big sister would have been 26 by now (I can't believe that). Poured some out for your brother and my sister tonight. 
OK so not heavily favored but solidly favored. 
Yeah I think I'll just wait until morning when the Vegas odds are out and decide then. I think if the spread is 8 or more in dukes favor I'll pick it. But I would guess it will be like 6.
I got burnt by picking Moscow last month. But they are still so heavily favored. I think im gonna hold off on that one, and I'm only at W12. 
Yeah honestly I wanna take Moscow at 9 am. But they burnt me last month. And I'm thinking about Duke over Clemson. I don't think Clemmon is gonna be able to do it. But until Vegas odds are out I don't want to make a pick. 
At W12. Never been over 8. No idea what to do tomorrow. All the basketball games are so close. 
Agreed. That sounds like the right range. 
Yeah because of this post I'm gonna go see if there are any cool skins from them that I can buy from them. 
I would argue this is a more classic YouTube anthem https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=--RB4yf53_4
Yeah I was making a spreadsheet to keep track of my stuff and I spent like an hour trying to figure out what was going on. Eventually I said screw it and said maybe the final is double the intended rate. I felt like an idiot for not figuring it out earlier. Its the only explanation that fits. Great use of my time instead of studying for my exam next week or getting my lab reports done. Haha. Glad to hear you guys are on it though. Seems like they have an alright api, you may be able to just detect if a user picked the correct champion and subtract the appropriate number of points before scaling to the final scoring system. 
I was just messing around looking at the google sheet and I think that the weighted scores for the Atlantic Sun may be calculated incorrectly. In the formula you are dividing by 12, but the max possible on Challonge is 16.
A well thought out point. I understand where your coming from. I just feel like 95% of memes don't fit all that well with the real discussion and content that this sub is about. 
Nice wholesome comment right here. I appreciate it. 
We need full graphs with ND, Valpo, IUPUI, IPFW, and Ball State. 

Edit: sorry also the fighting Larry Birds. 

Edit 2: I'm drunk. IPFW is on the graph. That was a solid portion of the joke. 
This was at the top of /r/LibertarianMeme like 2 days ago. I up voted it there because it's funny. It should be there. It should not be here. I want to come to /r/Libertarian for real articles and discussion. There is a reason for a separate meme sub. I don't want this to become some circle jerk meme sub. I enjoy the memes (why I sub to /r/LibertarianMemes) I just don't want them here. Just my 2 cents on what I think should be here. Let me know why you think otherwise. 
So THAT was the deleted comment. Lol
I am so sorry
Dancer's is rancid. 
The Drew Brees is a big ass breakfast. And it's amazing. The peanut butter burger is the Dwane Purvis. And it's amazing. 
In student section. My ears hurt. 
I have one on Thursdays from 7-10. I mean it's German cinema so we just watch movies. But it's class. 
Loose the Luce
So you can have a shotgun under 16" barrel length but not pepper spray? Sorry if I'm mistaken. I think that the under 16" rule (without a stamp) in the US is dumb, but come on. Pepper spray. Just an odd comparison. 
/r/efukt
Australian servers for OSRS? 
Please. All the dumb stuff makes us look like a damn joke. 
I just... I just don't even know. 
Direct link to tweet: https://twitter.com/BrandMooreArt/status/834983022722170880
I say go for it. I didn't get into engineering. Graduating this year in mechanical. 
Wright State Valpo is close right now. 
Little Rock.... 
So I just use the app bacon reader. Does that mean I just don't know thst my vote doesn't count? 
I had never heard of this. Really cool stuff! Best image I could find for anyone curious:

 http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m4flnmgKXL1qm9rypo1_1280.jpg
Sorry that we kind of flooded the thread. I understand that it feels shitty seeing a bunch of "yay your team lost" in a post game thread. 
Yes we are. 
I just need another chest piece. Stupid dead orbit logo ruins everything. But it's a 100% roll...
Yeah I started to use NLB and a sidearm about 4 months ago because of boredom. It has been my go to since then but I'm having trouble playing against other people who have sidearms now. 
Dyslexia. Being an engineering student I have to triple check a lot of math.
It's actually root beer. 
Good at singing. Absolute trash rendition of the Star Spangled Banner. Kinda takes all the meaning away from the words when each one is so elongated that you can't remember what word she was singing. 
I mean it was recorded on a phone. Here is a higher quality version with a bonus O Canada https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=3nsBYcs-3mU

I just like how she generally stays with the written tempo but with minimal flare at the more dramatic points. But not so much as to detract from the actual lyrics of the national anthem. Though I cannot speak to the quality of the Canadian national anthem. 
Fair. But it's much closer than the vast majority of renditions I have heard. At least fast enough to hear what the words are trying to convey rather than a series of drawn out notes long enough to forget what word they were singing. 
Huh. I just used the share button on YouTube with my phone. Odd. 
It makes me happy when I see one that is on tempo or at least doesn't add too much flare or draw stuff out. 

Edit: I really like how Kelly Newman does it at Red Wings games https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=32A2i8L7xRE
Yeah. That was my sophomore year and it was the only time Ross Ade was really ever roudy in my time here. But that game really was insane. Also the only night game in my 5 years... 
I would be scared... I thought we couldn't win games now... 
Thanks for the advice!
Anybody have solid info for early picks tomorrow? (by which I mean before 6 when basketball starts) 
I thought the condom was like a videogame way point or compass thing. Why is there a triangle? I only knew the mirror because of the 7 years. 
Yeah I'm /r/CatTeamBrotherhood and I wanted the falcons to win... Fucking bird teams... 
Shit my bad. I thought it went straight to the image. Lol
Original in /r/MapPorn http://reddit.com/r/MapPorn/comments/5s7qiu/oc_us_states_that_were_once_the_largest_4700_x/

Never had a flu shot and never had the flu. 
I'm gonna kill myself. 
Absolute trash. 
I say we have a March madness style bracket election with one round a month leading up to the final showdown. 
Agreed. I normally take it easy for the first 5 min so my voice isn't worn out at the end. But after those 5 there wasn't a whole lot of reason to be loud. 
Yeah I was there. I didn't get as loud as I normally do but it was pretty quiet. The loudest we got was booing bad calls. Lol
Holy stepping the game up
None of these look great to me. Awkward outlines in various areas of all of them. Hell of  lot better than I could do but doesn't seem like /r/interestingasfuck level of "wow that's an amazing job they did."
Zap carry? 
Not really a child... 
Just about all of 2013 to present. My freshmen year was 2012. This was not what I wanted. 
But pike is in the real frat area. 
I mean they have a baseline that they always make based on how much steam they need for heating and they buy power from Duke if their rates are lower than what the wade plant can make it for. 
Also I would imagine there is a significant difference between male and female for 1.
Never read the book. I'm guessing that he is not a mouse? 
Just got with a low light guy. Sorry. 
Also there is absolutely no brown at any point. Before rex orange is the worst color. Like it's orange that's the same color as an up vote. Not even close to brown. 
Holy shit I just spent like an hour watching his videos. That stuff is gold.
Well why not. 

RemindMe! 2 days Donation for /r/millionairemakers
That's a low price! 
No 2 Tuesday for the Boilers? 
Kill me
                 W
Yes lots of other states. But in Michigan it's also the UP. 
Same! 
Well Purdue flair at the top of the championship thread. I guess that's the best thing Purdue achieved this season. Congrats! 
I'm sad. 
Yeah sometimes it can't move sometimes it seems like they just have to have their hand on the ball. 
Agreed. I just want consistency in the officiating. A catch should just be a catch. It shouldn't be this tied up in bullshit. 
Yeah I would rather be mad at the team. Just knowing that they had a great game would be nice especially after this seasons expectations. I'm just about at my breaking limit between being a purdue and Lions fan. I'm all in on boiler basketball now... Please... 
Yeah that I can 100% agree with that. I didn't see that pass but if it was anything like this one it probably should have been complete. 
I hate to say it but i think it was a catch. Didn't hit the ground. 
I would also like to hear this. 
So Detroit's population needs to rebound before we can win a playoff game? 
Big play slay?... Please? 
Perfect. Down going into the 4th. Just where we wanted it. 
Welcome. 
I just wanna not be sad. 
Just got it goin! You da man! 
Thanks. Working on it. 
Is it just NBC app? 
Ohh really. I'll give that a try. Thanks! 
College student in a fraternity without TV. :/ it sucks. I sign in with my parents info. I wish we could just watch games. Gotta work with what we got though.
Anybody know how to make the NBC sports actually full-screen? I mean without the black bars. All I could find was using full-screen anything with an ad blocker which doesn't work anymore.
Anybody know how to make the NBC sports actually full-screen? I mean without the black bars. All I could find was using full-screen anything with an ad blocker which doesn't work anymore.
I thought it looked like the defender tried to turn to make a play on the ball and the reviever grabbed the face mask which prevented him. But I could be biased. My friends thought the call was fair. 
Kill me. 
Should have given it to Prater 
Haha. Same. I loved him and I didn't want to get a jersey that everybody had. 
Got this right before he got cut. It's my only jersey. I believe! http://imgur.com/uiI4DKA
If only... 
What the hell is socially conscious horror? 
I fully agree. Maybe also a basic understanding of how to do your taxes... 
Thank god. It's over. Finally over... 
Thank god. 
Slop :(
27... Not bad, not bad at all! 
F
Thanks. 
Anybody know who didn't make it off the field?   I was at the game and missed it. 
It's also terrible usage of the meme. 
I'm still really scared. Having flashbacks to last year... 
[Link to tweet](https://twitter.com/RandPaul/status/814109219792228352)
Woo! My parents got me tickets for Christmas! So excited! 
My mistake read the title wrong. Thought it said we in we in. 
My mistake read the title wrong. Thought it said we in we in. 
Sorry read it wrong. Thought it said we in we in
~~No. We still need the redskins to lose next week.~~

Nevermind. Read the title wrong sorry. 
/r/CuteFemaleCorpses
Crap spot. 
The Playstation controllers hurt my hands to try to use. And I have small hands. Xbox feels so comfortable and easy. 
But they were both holding it. The DB ripped it out of his hands after the play was over. 
Seriously. I hate to agree with an ND fan but it seems like they forgot tie defaults to recievers! 
Well when they went down they shared possession and the tie defaults to the reviever.
Terrible call. 
That is crap
Kill me
No
96 us gallons is 0.3634 m^3 and 65 us gallons is 0.2461 m^3
I did that the other night and my SRL ELO dropped. Sharply. Lol. 
I mean honestly what's happening is confusing. That's more than you can say for most posts here. Lol
Well shit. 
Duck horn here
Lol. Yeah I noticed the colon right after I had that thought. Didn't include it in the quote to emphasize how I had read it initially. I would be very much pleased if you could fuck it to death though.
I skimmed and only saw "I can fuck that forklift" 
Yes and this is not waterboarding 
Well I mean you always get solid points from making progress. If there aren't people around to block for me I'm gonna run in and get at least 400 points. 
Who was born in 1998 that's behaving like a 2 year old? 
We're only allowed to use a TI-30XIIS... 
/r/childrenfallingover
/r/childrenfallingover
Same
I never liked Miles as a hire. Just didn't seem like a good fit. 
Thank you. Lol. I just figured I would throw it out there. NBD
I mean we have constitutionally garunteed freedoms that are not a garuntee in many other countries. Such ass freedom of speech, freedom of the press, freedom to keep and bear arms, freedom of religion, freedom of assembly, we cannot be forced to house soldiers in times of peace or war, I mean the list goes on. I'm just reading the bill of rights here, but many of these freedoms are not garunteed in other countries. 
Well it seems to be working well for us... 
Missing MI
On one hand I wanted IU to lose... But I guess it will just be better when we sweep IU this way. So OK I guess. 
Confirmed Michigan should have control of the Toledo strip
Yeah that's true. I just struggle to get involved when there is like 2 comments on each post. Lol
I mean there is like 2 people in /r/Boilermakers. I just want more activity. 
I swear to God I heard a whistle. None of my friends did but I definitely heard one. 
I hate the dude. Always have. 
I was at Mackey and no. It does not. 
I'm gonna cry. 
They didn't even show it live. Lol
Yep. Didn't notice that. Good call. 
Man that was dumb. And took me a long time to get... Take your up vote 
Yeah I got a 100% roll on a dead orbit chest for my hunter. I hate it, but I can't not use it. Lol
OK. I understand that. 
Just curious why they would be in the bottom 5 or 6?
No Purdue? 
I was getting kicked occasionally playing trials. Now all my bounties are done (trials and crucible) and I just wanna get my packages and turn them in :(
Yeah he was just lying. The sister replied to a journalist saying that she didn't even know anyone who had overdosed and her brother lived in a different country. Lol
Link: http://reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/comments/1btuzb/finally_have_the_guts_to_say_it/

Sad
Wooooooo! 
Right in the middle of downtown 
No like it won't load for me. Lol. Wondering if someone had it hosted elsewhere. 
Mirror? 
Well that is a completely rational explanation. Neat. 
Well yeah if you have a problem with the puppy mills and own a store why not just do that. That's why I'm confused. 
Why do you believe it's ethically wrong that  sell puppies? Legit curious. No Idea what qualms there could be. 
Yeah ever since they changed that I just don't go on Facebook ever. 
[Found this one.](http://www.streamendous.com/ch_a.php?115) Not amazing quality but it gets the job done. Use an ad blocker. 
Yeah i missed the live one. First replay u thought wow he body slammed him, then on the replay from the other angle it looked completely innocent. 
Jesus. They can't stop fouling can they? I'm not complaining but you would think they would play a bit safer. 
Welp
Imma just kill myself real quick quick
Best I could find is a potato stream at vipbox.nu/basketball obviously ad block recommended. 
Well now it is today... So... Idk 
Thank you. I will look into this tomorrow!
Link to a channel? 
Yeah my throat hurt from yelling and arms are sore from clapping... I should work out more... 
It was a good game. Really liked the match up. As a basketball fan I would definitely like to see another game in March. As a Purdue fan I really hope we don't see you in March. 
Lions Purdue here. Help. 
As a Lions Purdue fan please help
Imma be honest I feel like you're trying to mock us but I kinda like it. Lol
I have a laptop and a desktop but I take all my notes by hand. Never bring my laptop with me anymore because it's big, heavy, and has crap battery. I think I would love to have a surface. Light, solid battery, and has touch. Mechanical engineering major Btw. 
Nice
Also don't click this link... https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=XvEjnD2U5wE
I saw this on /r/weekendgunnit before anywhere else. 
I may disagree with him in just about every way politically but god damnit he seems like a cool guy. I'm pretty sure it's just because I'm a born and bread GM guy... Dude loves Corvettes! 
Yeah I'm kind of figuring if someone local is managing to run un-opposed then they much reflect the communities views fairly well. I guess if they don't it's time to saddle up and run next time around! 

But please make sure that your official positions are recorded somewhere online. There were several libertarians on my ballot that I couldn't vote for because I knew nothing about them. A huge resource for me was Michigan voters guide where they had candidates responses to a bunch of questions and most of the libertarians had none recorded. They had links to send to candidates to encourage them to get their opinions on the website. I was quite annoyed that so many of our party didn't get themselves on. Once you're on the ballot people have to know what you stand for! Luckily I live in an area where the socially liberal fiscally responsible rhetoric is generally the majority.
I appreciate your reasonable response. I didn't vote for him, though I preferred him to Hillary due to my opinions on fiscal responsibility, gun rights, and involvement in other countries conflicts. I don't believe that he will be able to have a significant effect on individual liberties.  I'm also not a fan of Apple in any respect, but i would always be in favor of seeing an American company re-patriate offshore money. As a third party voter, I am honestly just curious what the next four years will bring. I hope that I'm right, but if not there are always other candidates next time! 
Thank god we won't ever be 17....
No you don't get it. I'm from Michigan. We went blue in 2008 and 2012 because we aren't racist. We voted for a black guy! But we are misogynistic though. That's why we went red and voted against Hillary. 


/s
I would just like to point out that Apple will likely benefit from a Trump Presidency. He has said that he would like to allow companies to re-patriate their money at a vastly reduced tax rate. Just wanted to throw that out there since it had not been mentioned and felt relevant. 
In these un-opposed elections are there often solid write-ins? I couldn't find any for most of mine. But a lot of my un-opposed people seemed to be solid based on voting history and stated opinions. 

Edit: I suppose the quality of un-opposed people different significantly region to region and how your political opinions compare to where you are. 
I had the option to vote straight libertarian. But I didn't. I researched each candidate for each election and made the best choice that I could based on the information that I could find. But this is a luxury that I had because I had an absentee ballot. I spent about 5 hours over a week filling out my ballot. Having the ballot in front of you while you research makes that much easier. 
Can confirm. I definitely preferred Trump to Hillary. Voted Gary this year and in 2012. What it comes down to for me is that Hillary was a larger threat to gun rights and Trump had an alright tax plan. I really hate the rhetoric of Republican candidates saying that they are good Christians. That is completely irrelevant. Have they never heard of separation of church and state? 
Not really. It's based on geographic origin. Not race. 
There were quite a few on the ballot for me. But most of them had not answered the questions to be included on Michigan voters guide. In fact I couldn't find any information about most of them. Sadly this lead me to not vote libertarian in for many local elections. I can't vote for someone if I'm not making an informed decision about them. 
Happy to have my MI flair! 
Clean coal is removing barriers of entry to the power industry thereby forcing the massively inefficient grandfathered in power plants to increase their efficiency to compete. US coal power plant efficiency is somewhere around 35% and with currently available, and economically feasible, technology that can be driven up to at least 70%. If we introduce competition it would also drive innovation. And that would help. Just my two cents. 
He has a reasonable tax plan
I mean people say that but I feel like a lot of people were still voting because of fear of the other candidate. In an election that feels solidly won by D or R we may be able to have a more significant impact. 
I mean he put up like 3%. I'm not displeased with that. There were definitely a few issues that I disagreed with him on but those were apples and oranges compared to the others. 
1 in 2012 to 3 in 2016 sounds like we can be over 5 in 2020!
Yeah. Honestly of the two i would rather have Trump win. At least he has a reasonable tax plan...
I don't understand the hate directed toward Sherman. You play through the whistle. There was no whistle until after the hit. The refs fucked up. He was just doing his job, trying to make a play. 
Anybody have any idea how to figure out what the kiosk exotics will be after infusion? Even a rough guess would be nice. 
Thanks! My family were having a debate about red fox vs coyote. Didn't even know about the gray fox! Really interesting to read about. 
Thanks! I was completely convinced it was a coyote. But that seems like a good call! 
Thank you both! Very interesting. I was completely convinced it was a coyote! 
Also this was in Missouri. 
If only the Lions could win... 
Same. Ive never had an issue. Odd. 
I'm a big fan of it! I was 21. 
Praise
Makes sense. Thanks! 
Welp... I seam to have read thst wrong. I'm happy again. Thanks. 
THAT HURTS. NOW I'M SAD. 
Complete BS. All the other polls had us at 15. Reddit just had to ruin that sweet consistency. Stupid 16...
I haven't played for a few weeks. When does the Halloween event end? I couldn't find anything. 
Consistent 
What does Lolita mean? 
Yeah my family usually goes through 3-4 bags a week but it is way less than 44 lbs. Maybe like 20 max. 
They did a flying bat. And now they made a ghost busters symbol. 
We are the best team in college football
Idk man. It's shoes. We just do it. Next kickoff I'll hold up a flip flop for you
No keys to jingle? Hold up a shoe. 
Voted in MI this week
Yeah the handling is very soft. I don't like it. But I cant not use it. 
Shit. I didn't even realize that I pretty much defined that. Lol
Shit
What if you put it in a vessel and slowly pumped out air to create a vacuum to evaporate off the water before firing? I just mean to prevent exploding. 
I mean the "car company" component mostly goes straight back into R&D which feeds the engineers and provides a better product in the future. 
I mean it's a story to illustrate a point. OP on Facebook looks dumb, but it's fine as a screenshot. 
Still need mine. I've run it so many times.... 
Took this one last January. http://imgur.com/6zJKrHc

Edit: this January. I'm an idiot. 
Same. And I'm not sure if I was aware of it or not.
Idk i think it's gotta be Crota. That was such a bitch when hard mode first came out. 
I screwed up. I'm on xbox. Sorry. 
Nvm sorry. I'm on xbox :/
You still need people? I'm a hunter with a Titan looking for a warlock 
Thanks. Yeah I just need to do the last raid. Thanks! 
For the Outbreak Prime quest, does the entire fireteam have to have the quest? Or can I just find anyone as long as they are the right classes? Thanks in advance! 
We all left 
I'm one of the ones that left. I don't need to see this crap. 
Fuck hazel. Take a shot right there. 
What an idiot
Please
It's Indiana. We don't like them. 
Fuck
It's IU sucks
IU Sucks. 
Why wait
The refs may try to keep us in it but we won't. Don't worry. 
Holy shit we suck. 
I still like bones. 
We're just all very confused and not sure how to handle a win. 
Bye bye
Purdue beat Nevada 2 weeks ago with 4 turnovers to Nevada's 0
Ahh. I wish I had the dedication you do. I'm planning on buying something when I graduate this spring. We'll see where prices are at. Maybe a 1LE maybe a c5 or early c6 vette. 
I'm a big fan of the 1LE. I was really excited when they announced it... Too bad I'm a poor college student with an 06 lacrosse...
[Confirmed](https://www.google.com/search?q=mustang+cars+and+coffee&client=ms-android-google&prmd=vin&source=lnms&tbm=vid&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiPk8fcocXPAhXsx4MKHdcuDHkQ_AUIBygB&biw=412&bih=604)
Yeah that's common with stuff like this. I've gotten it a few times. 
Just managed to make it to character select screen. Didn't make it past there. But it's progress. Lol
cx
Hmm I just trash grouped up mobs with golden gun with overpenetration and explode. 
Haha. Yeah I'm a mechanical engineering major so I don't do it that much. 
I feel like it's easier to use an actual calculator. But then again I took a class this spring that involved binary to decimal and decimal to binary conversion. 
Yeah the dude is just using his hand as a shitty compass. 
I think Purdue was favored by 3
I'm so happy that we got a real win! 
Come on Boilers let's get the stop! 
I can't handle this... 
Thank you. I spent so long trying to find out how to get it. 
What happened? Why are these shit posts back. I thought that the mods fixed this bullshit. 
Zezima
Purdue student here. I wish I could have attended. Sadly today and tomorrow is our huge career fair. 
I go to Purdue and someone was shot in the Electrical Engineering building a couple of years ago. I was in the building when it happened. Cops came in and evacuated us and we had no idea what was going on. After like an hour they sent out texts and emails saying that classes would not be canceled as it was an isolated incident. So not much really changed. 
There's a green pixel in the construction icon in game. It's not one the cape though. People joke about it here a lot. Love the backgrounds though. Great work. Here is a picture of the icon: http://i.imgur.com/4Fe3ZQq.png
Can we get one with the green pixel on the construction cape? 
22 year old American here. We learned why. 
Thanks. You saved my farm run.
I can't connect to any world right now.
It's not funny in any way. It would be great in /r/mildlyinteresting
I'm a student at Purdue and I've been really impressed at their efforts to defend free speech. Now if only they would allow us to cary on campus. 
Killing Cockatrice is also fast for mediums. 
Except she has absolutely no political experience and is batshit crazy and wants to use executive orders to become a dictator. 
Yeah but you could buy some fuse and attach it. 
Wait I never saw the cat island or the rabbit island. 
Where do they so pictures on the first day of school? 
I love hangouts and use it as my SMS client. I always hear from people on podcasts how clunky and bloated it is. I don't know what app they are using but hangouts has always been lightning fast and pretty minimalistic to me. 
Yum
🔥🔥🔥
I agree. It's easy and quick to use and produces consistent results. 
Couldn't make us worse... 
They didn't seem to be randomly attacking people for their race. 
Wake skating 
I agree. It's dumb. 
Why does it matter if I know I'm gonna buy the game anyway? And if it's from a series that I enjoy I don't think there is much risk of not liking it... 
Or S'moreos by Oreo. 
If it says live, it is. If it doesn't say live, it's not. 
I mean Short's is the best but it's kind far up north. 
Same
Nope. The parents reaction was from yesterday. But I think it was on uneven bars

Woo. Love it. I'll have to go! 
If you're getting a water why get a combo. At most places it's cheaper to just get the sandwich and fries. 
RemindMe! 1 week 
gfycat takes way longer to load for me. 
Well that sounds cool too. 
Idk man I like OSB. Does stuff I like. 
Haha. I was waiting for that reply. 
I like it too. Reminds me of going up north. 
I got mine this past Friday on my 3rd attempt. I was so happy all weekend. Lol
What about Bee Movie? 
/r/pegging
I thought it looked like a seagull underwater at first 
I'm not a liberal, I just don't care what other people do. 
Got it done today!!! So happy. Thanks for the video. It really helped!
I got Rangers earlier this week. Congrats! 
Died at Jad. Lol. But it was my first attempt. Everything else went really smooth. Plenty of supplies left. Attempt 2 tomorrow! 
I'll take  look at this tonight! Been having trouble finding a solid cohesive guide. Gonna make a run this weekend Thanks!
I didn't know what sub I was in. I figured I was in /r/guns or /r/weekendgunnit
Edit: it was also posted to /r/weekendgunnit
Thank you. Thought there was 3rd age but wasn't sure. 
What did you get? 
I'm down
This is what I got when I Googled Anna Kendrick gun http://youtu.be/0QtM7X0xYN8
I wanna win. 
This is extremely annoying. We need a setting to change it back.
Magicarp 
You talking Lafayette? Didn't expect that here. Arni's is the best. 
Purdue has been insane since it came out. 
Down for me. Indiana. 
But the descendents didn't do anything. 
/r/LaserCleaningPorn
Still no Purdue Federal Credit Union. Really sucks because I was using Google Wallet to get McDonald's on my Galaxy Nexus. 
Well shit. I'm also from Detroit. 
I was just tryina be helpful man. Not a rick roll.
Purdue guy here. [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XM_kmFOX00U) is a pretty good highlight video from more than just one game.
AJ Hammons not Hammonds. 
Didn't really look like children... 
It's called auto awesome. Does lots of neat stuff with pictures and videos when they are backed up with Google. 
You can on the bacon reader app
Yeah. Want. 
I just finished it the other day. Congrats! 
Thank you. Could not figure out what DD is. 
Why is this during the 500?
Why was it a video. 
Eh
But it's not a chevy 
Ohh. Well I guess I'm dumb. 
I always get a small stack of mind runes from my scrolls. 
It's always mind runes. Always. 
And I won't be studying for finals now. 
On one had don't give your children the opportunity to purchase thing on your account. Also if your child does manage to buy things on your account give them a real world reference; make them work it off. No interest because they are your kids just have them pay you back at a pre defined rate for yard work or something. 
I was happy to be included but I would have liked to see Purdue Pete 
Saw that yesterday 
The country Guam is pronounced gwam
I always say "are dong"
Riverfront is mad expensive 
Saw this on /r/Libertarian yesterday. Sad. 
No alcohol sales on Sunday except at bars I  Indiana. As a college student I have driven to Illinois to get stuff. 
Spicy 
Neat. I had no idea. 
186.4 mph for anyone wondering. 
No its an ice ball. 
Can we get a version non recorded with a potato? 
I just got in on some bs gold train 
I've never heard that. In Detroit we say roundabout. 
I had no idea. Subbed. 
He was also good in Airheads
Thank you! I'll look into that. I hadn't even thought about that. 
Shared

Edit: First gold after 3.5ish years. Thank you mysterious gold-train man.
"In 2010, UC Davis student Austin Sendek started a petition to designate "hella" as the SI prefix for one octillion (10^27). The petition gathered over 60,000 supporters by circulating through Facebook"
Yeah why would they use Celsius in the US. 
lace me up home slice 
I'm typing this on a 6P right now. It's real nice. 
God knows we need it... 
Every year I pick them to lose extremely early. I do well
Looks fun 
I like this idea. Would occupy me for a long time. 
What about Rankine? 
/r/me_irl
There are other posts of the girl on the account too. 
That was incredible 
My buddy's dad, who is an orthopedic surgeon, says it was the most accurate medical TV show. Lol
Where? 
I have no issue with your comment but I believe that /u/theskeptic01's comment deserves to be above yours so I apologize for the down vote. 
Shit. Good call. 
I am sad
Punchline in title. Thanks. 
Boilers gotta get that W
http://i.imgur.com/1eicWyY.jpg
I am a senior at Purdue University getting a degree in mechanical engineering with an offer from one of the big three in Detroit who I also have a Co-op with. In my experience I have worked with union and non union garages and in my experience the average pay of the non union workers is higher and they get work done much more efficiently. 
Nope I'm just a guy from Detroit that sees all of the harm the UAW does. Thank God Michigan went to a right to work state. 
Unions are a scam made up of thugs who take advantage of workers. 
I mean they are literally linking to the same subreddit, r/libertarianmeme
But that's r/libertarianmeme
I was in the student section tonight. What did I do? 
I'm glad it ended. I was way too dehydrated in that bitch. 
NFL Champs 1957 baby! 
CAT TEAM ARE #1 BIRD TEAMS ARE THE WORST
So I see you have never been to r/catteambrotherhood
Anywhere I can buy some of that sweet carpeting? 
A$AP Braids. They are awesome. 
Alternator charges the battery by making electricity from the engine. 
Yeah I haven't seen this many travels in a half in forever. 
So 8 turnovers in 12 min. Shit. But other than that we are looking alright tonight. 
What is it? I'm confused. 
RemindMe! 24 Hours "plane seat thingy"
Deal
/r/BirdsTakingTheTrain
I mean I'm down... 
Dear God. That one was so much worse. 
Or an LS
Why does murica use a Honda engine? 
Font
Yeah its a hell of a story
[Here is a link to his story. Turns out he wasn't on the island for nearly as long as I thought.](http://www.pacificwrecks.com/aircraft/pv-1/33214.html)
Yeah he spent a few weeks in a raft then a few months on the island dodging Japanese patrols before the natives ended up helping him and the rest of his crew get help. 
Have an up horn 
My grandpa got marooned on the Solomon Islands during WWII after his plane got shot down. 
I think I'm gonna vomit.
I need to go to the liquor store...
I am just going to cry.
Impressive*
From just below that 

"In the Expanded Universe, the Kessel Run is a pathway from Kesselpast the Maw Black Hole Cluster: used by smugglers to transport precious Glitterstim spice; and Solo's bragging refers to his ability to move the ship closer to the Maw's black holes and therefore shorten the distance traveled"
Not if it were being pursued by imperial cruisers trying to shoot it down/couldn't escape a black hole that it skirted close to. 
But the ships speed is the overriding factor in being able to make such a short run. 
Even if it was a mistake I like the creativity. Solid story. 
It wasn't a misuse in star wars. It's a whole thing with smuggling routes. 
I was sad
10 in the first half. 
Woooooooooooooo.
He didn't touch it.
I mean already at 9...
I just don't like them. I'm a Purdue fan and we have absolutely no contact with them. No idea. Just rub me the wrong way. 
Gonzaga basketball. 
Done. 
Also 2004
We are bad right now... 
I watched the launch from Vero Beach. Looked neat going up too. 
Completely agree. Came here to say this.
Biggest up vote party! We had several posts on the front page of /r/all for Gjallarhorn day! 
I think she men's reddit... 
Season 6 was fine. Season 7 was atrocious. 
Just tried em. I have confirmed meh. Kings is good-ish. I like the air horn and duck. I haven't seen duck drop at all.
I have Flourish and Kings. I didn't really even take note of them as sounding cool. Is there somewhere you can go to hear them all?
Thank you for your video! This is the first one I have seen where 3oC drops and exotic without them placing first. Puts my mind at ease.
Ohh wow. I didn't even realize that it was bold. **Nice!**
Haha. You're good man. It's still proper English. I just prefer it. Props for including one in this comment. In all seriousness though, it made my day to see your post on the front of dtg. I had a slow day at work yesterday and was getting really frustrated with all of the salt in the sub.
I was completely with you until you omitted the Oxford comma.
Grab a video next time? I want to believe
[GIFV for those who don't have several hours](https://i.imgur.com/tafneYm.gifv)
That was wild
Has anybody gotten 3oC drop from SRL when not winning? I have seen many people say that you don't have to win but haven't seen any video. The only time it worked for me was on a win.
[Same type of thing happened to me](http://gameclipscontent-d3008.xboxlive.com/0009000000f28f41-81a29c1d-f8be-4141-91b2-56fcebfba190/GameClip-Original.MP4?sv=2014-02-14&sr=c&sig=c7T0E7X5Tq4%2BhHuNSDNNwVafmLgmGdwvSFkumQRztzU%3D&st=2015-12-10T19%3A36%3A48Z&se=2015-12-10T20%3A41%3A48Z&sp=r&__gda__=1449780108_5028a5d7d35307a77483ffcdffb27811)
Love the last one!
http://www.bugracercar.com/

http://www.wired.com/2015/12/um-so-the-bug-racer-is-an-actual-toy-car-driven-by-crickets/

http://toyland.gizmodo.com/a-live-cricket-steers-mattels-new-autonomous-toy-car-1746868919
lol. probably stop boosting for a second when you hit a blade.
Seriously if people don't think that there will be a DLC before the end of winter they are insane. Why would we need a DLC now? How many people are actually 320 light? We haven't even gotten Oryx challenge mode yet. I have been happy with everything.
So... were you blasting your horn the entire time?
Yeah I screwed up and don't have hunter helm, boots or gauntlets... I'm real dumb. I hope they do end up letting us get it again. 
Same here im so sad :(
You don't need to think something is quality content to comment on it. 
http://gfycat.com/FamousHugeBrownbutterfly
My comment got removed. Didn't realise refer a friend links aren't allowed. I sent you a PM with the link. 
You have to link up with a "veteran" guardian within 7 days of your first time playing The Taken King. The veteran would send you a link that would link you on bungie.net. After that you and the veteran have to do a quest together in game. You also have to be on Xbox One or PS4.
We would have to be on the same system (I'm on Xbox One). If not you can probably find someone pretty easily on /r/Fireteams or LFG. Or if you have a friend you can do it with them!

Edit: Grammar
Be my refer a friend partner /s

But seriously. I mean, if you're down.
To an extent yes. There are no federal laws prohibiting it. The wording of the laws in most states is somewhere along the lines of "moderate physical discipline" is allowed. It's kept purposefully vague and decided weather it is child abuse on a case by case basis. In 19 states it's still legal in schools but I have never seen it. 
[In the US] (https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corporal_punishment_of_minors_in_the_United_States) 
[In schools] (https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/School_corporal_punishment_in_the_United_States) 
The mask
Draught of Nectar
Missing the UP
Bad so far
Up voted because you explained the UK thing. Would have not understood 
Dear Lord. I'm happily in Indy from Detroit. 
In Indiana. We do this. 
Agreed
That's the thing, they don't know. We really just identify as American. That's what happens with early immigrants. I feel like I have no origin to be proud of. 
Yeah that's true. But what about people like me who have a muddled gene pool. I can (most likely) trace my male lineage back to the Scottish rebellion in the 1700s as a PoW. I am basically a big ole mixed bag of European origins  with potentially some Asian and African mix ins. I'm white, but have not really been able to trace back my ethnic origins. At what point can I celebrate my lineage? (if anyone has records or odd knowledge last name is Goings with links to Gowan and likely Scottish origins as either McGowan or MacGowan. 
Illinois to Kentucky vs Montana to Illinois? K. 
Yeah Idk. The Irish and southern Italians were just as discriminated against during their major periods of immigration to the US as blacks were at the same time. 
/r/mainecoons
In! I like this. 
Those guns have magazines, not clips. 
ATS/8 TARANTELLA https://instagram.com/p/-UhjGylXFz/?taken-by=destinythegame
Agreed, but I kinda want Bones first. Just because we got way less time with them before they were left behind.
I just think that they are super fun. Having the movement ability in all content just makes me enjoy the game. I guess doesn't really help all that much in combat, but I want them for the fun factor. But other stuff would be more useful. 
Bones are love. Bones are life.
Hahaha. Yeah I don't think I even ever finished upgrading my year 1 version... 
Confirmed Wolfpack rounds that leave solar flares /s
Also Dragon's Breath: https://instagram.com/p/-UU2WJFXM5/?taken-by=destinythegame
And The Aramentarium: https://instagram.com/p/-USSttFXH8/?taken-by=destinythegame
WHY DIDN'T YOU PICK UP THE ORB AT [0:34](https://youtu.be/nTE-tGzlc3g?t=34)
When I die while I just can't do anything in a match and I have just accepted that I wont be any help I just go with a simple begrudging "god dammit..."
Amen to that. I saw a 4 point yesterday... Illegal to shoot here 
I most definitely did not understand your previous comment until now. Lol
Nice my group has 7 deer this weekend. I've seen 13 but none I could shoot.  :(
I'm hunting in Missouri. Nothing here yet. 
😱
Counted as white by the US Census Bureau 
Rand has become watered down and inconsistent trying to fit in with the Republicans. Gary Johnson all the way! 
Leo's are literally every block in all of Southeast MI
Yeah I think I've gotten at least one of those. I'm happy that they have a couple legendary ones but I would like a raid one (I guess it doesn't really fit in super well with any of the races) or an exotic. Now I'm inspired though. I'll see if I can get one that has a good roll and infuse the balls out of it.
Please. Seriously I miss the blue helmets with bandanas. We need end game bandanas on our faces! 
Just went to the sub. Looks like the mods finally started cracking down. All imgur and reasonable websites now! I am so happy. 
And Coconuts
Video?
I haven't had a single exotic engram for a couple weeks. 
*Learned
Necrochasm. Roughly 25 HM completions. No crux.
You always get the shaders if you don't have them in your inventory.
Metro Detroit Michigan
All I want in life is Y2 Bones
All I want in my life...
Yeah. He is back in the cabal ship. 
I have 388 motes, 379 weapon parts, and 3 strange coins. I use as many motes and weapon parts as I need and never worry about them. I don't get any strange coins ever though. I need to start grinding prison... 
Anyone know if the Knight that drops the silent scream emblem on the dreadnought can still drop em? Whenever I'm on patrol I can't help myself. I swing by and kill him but I haven't gotten anything in quite some time.
As long as it is a jumping prayer circle. 
Bones are love. Bones are life.
I always use it. The few people I meet tend to be chill. Its a shame more people don't use it.
I figured wide open throttle was wrong. 
Seriously why is everything on this sub on random shitty websites 
I'm already getting extremely annoyed in Halo 5 that whenever i play SWAT its always SWATNUMS. I get that its fun to sometimes use the magnum for SWAT but it should be primarily BRs. 
I just want Shores of Time to show up about 100x more for Control. It is by far my favorite Control map and I have seen it twice since HoW. 
Mine always detonates when I do a long 4 seconds. I think the time may be closer to 5. Or maybe people are full of adrenaline and count too fast. In any case I don't tell people to get out early because I assume they will screw it up. 
I have literally never seen one of these or heard if a Slow Loris. Am I out of the loop or what? At first, I thought this was about a specific lemur sloth hybrid creature or something named Slow Loris. 
Thanks. Mine just got here and I saw that. Shame I can't give it to my buddy. 
Before the patch I was getting one every 3-5. I have only gotten 1 in my last 20 uses. 
My 64GB Graphite 6P shipped yesterday and is out on the truck for delivery right now. I deep linked in (got lucky and guessed the right URL) and ordered before the link was up on the google store. I also got lucky because it shipped from near Chicago and I live near Detroit.
Exact same thing for me.
I need Bones of Eao. 
Libertarian and socialist are literally the exact opposite. I can't even see how someone could make that jump. 
Why can't Reddit circle jerk over Gary Johnson. Too rapped up in a two party system :(
Actually too conflicted over this comment to decide weather to up vote or down vote your comment. Congrats I have been completely stumped. It has so many layers. Shrek.jpg
Or https://youtu.be/wwZBMH3VOfI
https://youtu.be/wwZBMH3VOfI
I miss 2004 for Purdue football
As a Purdue fan :(
Do people get appointments to get their oil changed? Depending on which car it is I either just swing by after work or do it myself
Olivia Wilde
Wouldn't it be cheaper just to get like a Comcast phone line? 
"Finger neck slit"

Is this a sexual thing?
I enjoyed seeing your positive remark among the complaints about 280 light and correction that it is a sidearm and not hand cannon.
Ohh Prince Edward Island 
What's PEI? 
Thanks for the response. I can't believe I had never seen this before
Can someone explain the logic of the rule that gives the other team possession on a fumble that goes out the back of the end zone with no change in possession? When they said touch back I assumed that we would have the ball back on the 20. Sorry if I seem dumb but I just don't get that logic. 
Bears? 
I'm also a Purdue fan. This is less bad. 
Seriously it screwed us last week but now it's fine? 
Or Megatron 
/r/Anjelica_Ebbi
Lol sword sound
I want to upvote because you acknowledged that you were incorrect, but I don't want to spread misinformation. I guess I'll just go upvote some of your other stuff :/
It should. Support for all US carriers. 
Good job! I made sure I got my order in before posting and my hands were shaking. haha. I got the exact same thing. Hopefully we both enjoy it!
https://store.google.com/product/nexus_6p

Its live now
"Immortal Life" 
TFW you realize that your daughter has a huge bass on the line and you don't want her to lose it. Seriously there has to be a shitty reaction gif for this. 
And when he realized that it was huge he was just like "reel it in."
I LIKE WHAT YOU GOT
Yeah this seems legit. I bought mine rapidly (In 3 trips) and got 2 Graviton Forfeit, 2 Skyburners Annex, 2 Obsidian Mind, and, on the one engram I bought single, THE STAG.
"Nexus 5" fuck you're old
I had it a lot as a kid. Now that I said that it will probably happen tomorrow. Wish me luck with the wiggling of fingers and toes and resistance of hallucinations. 
If I weren't a poor college student born in 1994 I would give you gold. 
The taxi industry is just as outdated as most Unions are. But they are still doing fine. It's a shame. 
God Big Daddy is still one of my favorite movies. 
https://youtu.be/WDN_RZZfiXU

Just gets better as it goes. Zeppelin bro. 
I just don't like the way the word looks spelled with a q. Christ. I'm not some imperialist. Just jerking around on the Internet... Can't have banter between countries anymore apparently. I won't make fun of soccer anymore and get replied to with some shot about Football, all in good fun. 
Ehh it happens. Thanks for the support. <3
I hate that
Check not cheque 
"Year around" 
"In result" 
Is there a max light level? 
Soy sauce really thew me off. My mom brings gluten free soy sauce to restaurants and they will generally use it foe her stuff. Lol. My condolences on it though. Fingers crossed that I don't develop it. 
Celiac? My mom has it and that's the only reason that I know Snickers are. The trend is annoying,  but really helps her get more variety and have restaurants accommodate. Anyway I'm rambling. Rice chips are real good though. 
TIL bro, TIL. But seriously, that sounds like a bad time. Try icing the coffee and putting in a bit of cream and some Rumple Minze. That is a good time. 
Well snickers are gluten free 
But Canadians ALWAYS need Tim Hortons. 
Coke lot! 
But the Coke lot is much more fun! 
This has happened to me quite a few times after clearing the cache for destiny. It should go away with a hard reset of your xbox/ps
I've seen a few people with these 
Cracking Not Great
Yeah. Didn't read it very well
Ahh I see now
Mine are generally at least a few pages... I'm confused. 
I feel like my bladder never gets empty when I sit down to pee. 
Jesus Christ. People calm down. He checks people's IDs for things that have an age restriction on purchase. Illegal immigrants don't have identification. He can't sell to them. This is not racist nor is it a confession. It's how the law works to prevent the sale of alcohol and tobacco minors. 
So literally the lottery? 
I would KILL for the Lions one.
Yeah that's fair. I really just want a fun car. lol
I got mine at 12:08 PM EST
Well in today's dollars he would have spent about $1,500 for a clean 10 year old car that ran great. I would argue that a comparable vehicle today would be a '98-'02 Camaro Z28/SS or Trans Am. According to KBB a fair price for a '98 Camaro Z28 (No SS package) is about $3,100. So I would basically have to spend double. If I were going to be really picky, I would get a 2001 Trans Am with a 6 speed, T-tops, and the WS6 package. That would run me about $8,500.
The one that gets me is that my dad bought a fun car (1970 Oldsmobile W-30 442) in college for $500 and it was in amazing shape. For me to get anything fun (RWD V8 Manual trans) that I would want it would cost me at least $10,000.
I like you. 
Lol. Yeah. But you know... Imaginary Internet points. 
True. Honestly I just wasn't taking this very seriously. I mean this is AdviceAnimals
Honestly too early in the campaign process for me to pay attention. So I have no idea. If you gave me some highlights I could give you a first impression. Lol
Bernie far too fiscally liberal and Trump far too socially conservative IMO. I'm a Libertarian so small government and do whatever you want as long as it doesn't impact me. 
Nope he is also a dumbass. No idea where I'm going to go this election, but last time around I voted for Gary Johnson. 
Wrong impression. He comes off as alright on here but he is a dumbass. 
Yep. Not a confession. 
A whole neighborhood... In Detroit 
Banana for Drunk
I have been getting a bunch of Newt codes and haven't been able to get into a game. Xbox live is having trouble with destiny http://support.xbox.com/en-US/xbox-live-status
English wheel operator/technician. Does all early stage prototyping of panels for cars. Extremely specialized and I know that there is one man that does all of GM. Could throw off the entire vehicle development process. Economical impacts would be felt before products would begin to decline. 
Nope. It changed when HoW came out. Any IB weapon that is not being sold right now can drop after rank 3.
I'm from the area and had never thought about this possibility. I think that would be pretty neat. 
I'm on Xbox One and [this](http://i.imgur.com/TRDejYw.jpg) is what comes up when I press F12. I have tried uninstalling and reinstalling the extension on chrome and logging out/in on Bungie.net.
AlbSevKev
Is Red Death considered a medium RoF pulse rifle? JW if it will be nerfed 2.5%
I did the same thing at level 8. From a safe distance.
Neat. 
Top Gun! DANGER ZONE! 
IIRC The surface area is about the same as Russia 
Isn't it: Ten percent luck, twenty percent skill, fifteen percent concentrated power of will, five percent pleasure, fifty percent pain, and a hundred percent reason to remember the name?
My freshmen year high school ID I have every other ID that I have ever had. I don't like that I'm missing it. 
Ohh Holy shit. I've always known that but I never made the connection. That just got so much easier to remember. Thank you. 
I'm currently taking partial differential equations and I don't know what socatoa means. I didn't pay attention for one day in geometry in high school. 
Props for actually using unique as an absolute. +1
"taint carrier" 

Got me laughing
A comment in support of destiny? In /r/gaming? I must be dreaming. #DestinyIsLife
Red Death
This was on the front page just a few days ago
You got this from /r/SpongeBob 
This guy is an absolute nut job. Do we not realize that socialism does not work? 
Night Attack
When my cat come and lays at. My feet. 
Obligatory comment that south Detroit is Windsor, ON
Yeah I have not been able to get much done in ToO but I've had over a 2.0 k/d in Iron Banner with my score near the top of my team every game.
I did it with 365 Vision of Confluence. It stun locked the boss :P
I didn't understand why people wanted them so badly until I got the Elder Cipher. I need keys.
Celestial Nighthawk and Achlyophage Symbiote. 2 6X shots for Golden Gun.
I have Return to sender, hammer forged, and shot package. I agree. The return to sender is absolutely killer.
"Well I fucked up"
Totally the Coke lot! 
Symbiote x2, 3rd Man x3, Glasshouse x1, Dire Ahamkara x2, Eternal Warrior x1, Insurmountable Skullfort x2

No Celestial Nighthawk :(
Bought 11 Engrams... no Celestial Nighthawk. I'm out of motes :(
Thanks guy. 
Yeah you did a really good job. 
I had no idea... 
NLB is the only pre-HoW exotic weapon that I'm missing. 
I came here to say this. I love hearing their audio grimoire cards each week. 
That was really good. Now if it were only possible to match the original complex rhyme scheme... 
I saw this before I ran it last night and I could not be more grateful. It made that stage so much easier.
Also extra engrams from Cryptarch packages can up the total pretty quickly.