Yeah you're right. I just saw カ and thought it was possibly Japanese with a lot of kanji. But putting 'Snickers' into google translate for mandarin gives me 士力架
I do see カ there (not sure if that's also a Chinese character). I agree its probably China, though. 
The text looks Japanese but the price looks Chinese. 2.52 yen doesn't make much sense. A snickers being 2.52 yuan does feel more correct, though. 
Did you mean to put two ‘for’s in the sentence “I only asked for for cash...” because it’s bothering me that nobody else said anything 
Getting into the differences between AMP, NPR, PRI, PRX, etc is sorta splitting the public radio hair, IMO. 
Thanks I’ll check that out. 

But yeah I decided against the dart after I saw more than one post on here basically saying there is no reason to get one haha
-	Location: Philadelphia area
-	Price range: $15,000 max, possibly less. (Truthfully I’ve never actually bought a car so I don’t know what a ‘normal’ payment should be)
-	Lease or buy: prefer buy, but lease is fine if it makes more sense
-	New or used: Doesn’t matter
-	Type of vehicle: Car
-	Must Haves: Not too picky, but I’d really like something on the sporty-er side
-	Desired transmission: Manual
-	Indented use: daily driver
-	Vehicles you already considered: WRX, Honda civic SI, dodge dart
-	Is this your first vehicle: no
-	Do you need a warranty: no
-	Can you do minor work: Yes
-	Can you do major work: Probably not
-	Additional notes: Currently have a saab 9-3 and i love it to death. It has 195000 miles and little problems keep popping up. On top of that everyone keeps telling me that I should really just get something else. I’d want something with the same sort of pickup that the saab has, but if that’s a dumb idea for my price range then oh well. My dream car is a WRX STI, but I probably can’t afford that on a 50k salary 
Not complex emotions, but simple memories like “this thing is good, this thing is bad”. A surprising amount of things have memories like that 
Butterflies retain the memories they had when they were a caterpillar. The caterpillar doesn’t die. [source](https://www.wired.com/2008/03/butterflies-rem/)
The show was actually called The Surreal Life
Windows forms are pretty much drag and drop I’m pretty sure (truthfully I’ve only worked with them here and there, so i’m sure someone will correct me if I’m wrong). Plus the language is written a lot like Java and other C-style languages. 

Off the top of my head I think Qt is one of the more popular, non-javascript frameworks for cross-platform applications. I know very little about it though so I can’t say much about it 
If you’re on windows you can throw together a desktop application in C# or .net in general pretty quickly. I’m not certain about cross platform applications. I’m pretty sure the process for making a mac os application is similar to windows, except with xcode and swift/objective-c. 
I think it’s weird that people still use java for GUIs. Maybe things have gotten better since I used Java for a GUI, but swing rubbed me all sorts of wrong ways. 

Personally I like java and the java that I write. Looking at others code though... I don’t know what it is about java that causes them to write the most jumbled code imaginable 
Is there a place to get custom key caps for a 60% with my different layer keys printed on them? Whether it’s on the side facing me or just on the top. 
[Hunt and pecking](https://www.reddit.com/r/HelloInternet/comments/290k51/brady_typing/)
Oh yeah sketch is pretty great. I was focused more so on the adobe aspect. If all you use is adobe products, it’s basically the same IMO
I agree with develop, but design (can’t speak for produce) it doesn’t matter if you’re on windows or mac os. 
Even with voice chat I have a tendency to think that people are being sarcastic assholes when they’re being nice. Not that I vocalize this in game or anything, but it’s always in the back of my mind 
I actually watched this clip earlier today. If you can believe youtube comments, a lot of the show is fake but this was mostly real. The son was fired in this scene and apparently it caused some legal issues with their show contracts 
I mean, he was a crack addict. Seems pretty common for people in recovery to swing deep into that religious zone 
It’s a huge pain in the ass and you have to invest in your own servers to deliver the notifications 
Sometimes I’ll plug my switch into my macbook pro charger (the newer USB-C ones). Is this damaging to either my charger or the switch? 
That’s when you say “I should stress you should never do this because it’s not safe for the baby. However, in this hypothetical situation, this is how I’d do it” 
I’ve had very mixed results having it automatically pop up. Especially when I was on my iphone 6. Feels like it always too forever or never came up at all 
It’s funny, I actually like face ID for apple pay waaay more than touch ID. I always had issues bringing up the wallet with a double press. I’d either bring up siri, or it would just act like a normal home button. With face ID it’s just a double tap of the lock button, glance at my phone, done. 
Fahrenheit I don't mind for temperature in common usage. 

0f = cold as fuck. 

100f = hot as fuck 

0c = pretty cold

100c = dead

Obviously in sciences, celsius is way way better. But fahrenheit isn't a terrible scale for outside temperatures. 
The UK is worse than the US, IMO. Its like they couldn't decide on a system so they just decided to use all of them. 
I guess it’s important to note that everyone that I text on a regular basis has an iphone. So even if imessage is only 20% better than sms, that’s a very noticeable 20% in my life

Of course if I hardly used imessage, or if most people I knew just used sms, I’d have a way different opinion 
I have seriously considered certain android phones in the past. The main reason I never switched (besides the fact that I also own a mac and an apple watch) is because I like imessage so much. Both platforms were basically the same for my use case, except the app that I’d use the most is objectively worse on android. So why would I switch? 

(not try to start a platform war. Android is a great OS and the pixel would be the no2 on my phones list behind my current phone) 
tbh I don’t want to use a messaging app that doesn’t have sms fall back like the iphones messaging app does. I don’t feel like convincing people to download an app, or to find me on various different messaging clients. 

The only messaging client that people I know regularly use besides texting is facebook messenger. 
It’s the difference between a modern messaging app (facebook messenger, whatsapp, etc) and texting. When you’re use to something more modern, regular texting just feels so clunky. 

Imagine you’re doing a group project and everyone but one person wants to use a group messaging app (pick your favorite). The other person insists on SMS. So everyone is forced to use sms. It’s not a huge deal, but mildly annoying 
If you like the iphone, then it’s probably the best one ever made

If you’re not a fan of the iphone, then it’s not special in the least. It’s just an average flagship that costs a lot 

Source: have an iphone x 
She looks pretty happy in the video. These photos probably just aren’t the best
I was on a road trip across the country once and there was a bad thunder storm in nevada. I have never seen lightening so thick. It was the only time I’ve ever been honestly fearful of lightening. The type where you say “well I guess I’ll just try to sleep because I’d rather not die when I’m awake” 
Exactly this. Instead of someone else asking you for a second, it’s your brain. Also it happens constantly 
In my experience links like that within other apps (twitter, reddit, etc) tend to not prompt you to open it in the youtube app. The best solution is to try to have the link open in the actual safari app and hope that it prompts you from there.

Its pretty annoying. I wish iOS had better handling of actions like this. 
I think it’s actually cross-posting not working correctly. That link is actually a cross post from another subreddit 
I know two people that worked and quit lockheed. One I suspect was fired but pretends he quit. Another just quit, and most of my information comes from her. But my understanding is they're very corporate in structure. Lots of management annoyances, gross code bases, and just generally not a friendly place to be.

Its also important to say that its possible that its not that bad, and it just wasn't a good fit for the people I knew. So don't lose hope yet. 
Google is pretty good from everything I've heard. Amazon is probably one to stay away from. 

If you're working at lockheed good luck lol
Now that is a job that I'd be miserable doing
I tend to get into stupid arguments like that more often than I’d like. But mostly it’s defending whatever is being attached (mostly apple). I don’t really understand the amount of hate that any of these items would gather. 

The iphone is nice. It has its drawbacks, but it’s not garbage either. A lot of android phones are also really nice, and also have some drawbacks. Macbooks and macOS is really nice. Expensive, but still nice. A lot of windows laptops/PCs are really nice too. Most of this boils down to preference. 
I also wouldn't be surprised if they couldn't waterproof it the same way that samsung does without violating a patent of some sort.
This is true. Phone charging jokes aside, you can just write zeros or random bits to the entire drive if you want to be completely safe.
You can also put o-rings on your keycaps to dampen the noise when you bottom out. I have a keyboard with reds and o-rings and it’s super quiet 
It’s emotionally easier to assume that it’s all fake than to realize that somebody walked into a first grade class with the intent of killing children
Whoops. I’ll leave it because shouldn’t our colors make us feel better about ourselves?
Yeah that’s sorta the reasoning behind my edit. You *can* match with complimentary colors, but my example wasn’t complimentary. Your explanation is probably better than mine  
No. Wearing the same shade of green for shoes pants and shirt is technically “matching”, but when people say matching, they usually mean the colors (and clothing styles/silhouettes, but i’ll ignore that) compliment each other. Dark tan pants and a maroon shirt would be matching. Lime green shirt and dark tan is not matching. 

If you want to know what colors generally work together, look up a complimentary color chart or wheel. 

EDIT: Complimentary colors is not exactly what I meant. Basically just google “clothing color wheel” and you’ll find things that can explain it better than me. 

EDIT2: It’s complementary, not complimentary. Words are hard 
It’s also complicated because most of the rail lines are owned by freight/shipping companies. There are a ton of advantages to shipping by train (fuel economy, less trucks on the road, speed). Unfortunately this means that they get priority over trains like Amtrak. Unless a company were to lay down new tracks, this will always be an issue. And in places like the northeast corridor, it’s nearly impossible due to the lack of space. 
Its distracting. I don't care about hearing fuck and shit, but the beeps just feel weird
This was the wrong thread to open before bed 
https://www.npr.org/podcasts/381443696/you-bet-your-garden

Now you can!
I agree you should swap out the battery when it’s reached a high cycle count (900-1200 I think?). The question was if swapping the battery in 2-3 years regardless of battery health is a good idea. I agree that the macbook can last long enough that a battery swap is a good thing to keep in mind. 
No. It’s only worth it to replace your battery when it’s getting to the end of its lifecycle. 
lmao this looks like Tom Brady on the bench with his big weird coat 

EDIT: [this one](https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/7852319/bradycoat.jpg)
He’s a philly native. He’s just doing what we all would have done. Proud of him 
So far things are absolutely insane but everyone is pretty peaceful
I want to throw up I can’t take this stress
There is a normal cup holder in a normal spot too. The flip out one is just the for the passengers 

Or if you’re me, it’s for the empty cup you keep forgetting to throw out 
Counterpoint: I had a deathadder 8ish years ago and it ended up double clicking 2 years into owning it. Bought another one a few years ago (i missed how well it fit my hand) and it’s still going strong. 
In other words, they don’t have faith that their crypto will hold the same value. Which causes it to not have the same value. 
I think it’s possible for a home invader to reply. Especially if they’re also freaking out. I think the “freeze and shit yourself” and “reply” are the same option in this case. He froze, said something dumb like “oh uh... nothing”, and bolted. 

Plus if it’s improbable for her to have made that sound, i think it’s equally improbable for a toddler to have made it 
Yeah you’re probably right. I realized that as I was typing it out, but tbh I just think it’s a fun story :) 
*Technically* the people writing the actual code don’t set the deadlines. Deadlines are set by management. Sometimes those are other senior devs, sometimes it’s project managers with little to no dev background, sometimes it’s high in upper management by people the devs hardly see. Good managers, whether it’s non-techy PMs, senior devs, or upper management, know how long a project should take. They’d also listen if a developer were to say “Hey this is going to take a while to implement”. But it’s always possible that deadlines are set by people who don’t listen and don’t care

It is true that it’s someone’s job to know how long a project should take, though. 
My delivery area was pretty nice and safe. There were some sketchy areas, but even in those I rarely felt in danger. One of the strangest places was this motel. Strange not only because one of the three buildings was just a regular house that smelled strongly of pee, but also strange because across the street was a very nice gated golf community (which is also the place I found $100 laying on the street). 

So one day I roll up there with a delivery, knock on the door, and see two older (60s, probably) men. I give them their food, they pay, and then the one says “You wanna make some extra cash?” 

“Uhh... doing what..?” 

“Go down to the bar and grab us a 12 pack”

Naturally I said yes. Went back to my car, took off my topper, put on a different shirt, and grabbed their 12 pack. Maybe grabbing alcohol for two old guys who I only realized after I left were not wearing any pants wasn’t the smartest choice. But hey, an extra $5 is an extra $5. 

There was also the time I grabbed cigarettes for some guys, but fuck them I didn’t even break even after they tipped me on that one. 

EDIT: Oh and there was the time that I was invited into a house party and people took photos with me. And another time someone gave me a beer as a tip (stashed it in my glovebox and opened it when I got home). 
On the flip side, I was a driver for 2 years and did weirder things that the OP. 

But still, unless the customer was a regular, delivering it to their bed would never happen. 
I’ve had the hinge popping sound and some strange noises coming from the body before. I think it’s due to heat. Sometimes I’ll tap on the body when it’s cool and it makes a strange twang. But that’ll go away when it gets a little warmer. The hinge pop also seems to happen when the body gets warmer
Can confirm about shit getting stuck in the keyboard. It’s crazy annoying

I did actually break a key cap before (the switch itself was fine). 5 minutes in an apple store and they fixed it for free. 
just google ‘what’s a computer ad’ and you’ll find it
tbh I think it’s a good ad up until that point. The stupid “what’s a computer?” line just feels like she’s being a pedantic smartass. She knows damn well what a computer is. 
I've never eaten pizza hut and not gotten sick afterward. Its so gross
I literally had somebody call the police because they weren’t satisfied with their pizza when I worked at dominos 
I’m 25 and was also taught the “probability cloud” version. It was prefaced with “this will probably be hard to understand” and didn’t go into much detail. But we definitely weren’t taught the classic electron orbiting a nucleus model 
There is a link somewhere else in the thread. Otherwise give it a few hours. Personal experience tells me it takes a bit for it to show up in search 
Nice ~~elitist punctuation~~ semicolon usage 
IIRC neither country officially recognizes the other, either (which makes sense since they’re still at war). So north koreans are automatically citizens of south korea. In some sense it’s weirder that they would be separated 
Tell that to most bartenders I’ve ordered a martini from. 

“I’ll have a martini”

“What kind of vodka do you want?” 

“Gin, actually. Hendricks if you’ve got it”

“Olive juice?” 

“No, just regular”

*proceeds to shake it like crazy. martini is now half ice chunks*

“Sigh. Thanks” 
Dip pen nibs usually have a lot more flex than fountain pen nibs (yes i know you can buy flex fountain pens. it’s not exactly the same though). Makes it easy to change the thickness of the letter while you’re writing

Plus dip nibs are cheap, so why not? 
I have a windows update pending that keeps giving errors when it tries to install. Every 3 days I get kicked out of a game because windows wants to try again 
>don’t steal ideas from Steve Wozniak

Apple stealing ideas from Apple’s cofounder?
I was gonna comment and say that macOS isn’t bad, but with all these security bugs, the state of itunes and the mac app store (lol) I don’t know. I still love the OS and I wouldn’t call it bad by any means, but it really has room for improvement... 
This feels more like an inspo of an inspo. Like an album of looks that were inspired by goth and applied concepts for a more modern and acceptable look 
If I had to guess, thats how you get 100% ethanol. If I had to continue to guess, putting that much ethanol under pressure (assuming you need to put it under pressure and not decrease) would be a really bad idea in a non-lab environment for safety reasons. Especially considering you're only getting an extra 5%
If you have good aim with Orissa, consider playing a lot of Orissa 
Also Ana Paintball is a fun way to practice 
Some people honestly don’t need to shower everyday. I’m not a sweaty or oily person, and it takes a while for me to actually start to smell (my girlfriend isn’t afraid to let me know when I do). In fact if I did shower everyday, my hair and skin would be annoyingly dry. 3 days is usually my limit. After that my armpits usually start smelling. 

That being said, most people probably do need to shower everyday, and honestly it’s best not to push the limit 
Upvote for baby powder. If you have an issue with moisture, baby powder is a godsend
I can’t speak for the internals and screws (except fuck pentalobe. seriously), but I can say I’ve owned macbooks from 2013 on and I haven’t had many issues. The new key caps are garbage (don’t mind the keyboard though). They’re crazy hard to get off without breaking, and it’s easy to get crumbs under them so they don’t press down all the way. But ventilation hasn’t been an issue for me at least  
What about later era macbooks (2012-current)? I know that the older macbook (especially the pros) would run CRAZY hot. To the point that people burning their legs was common. But I haven’t heard anything about that in a long time. My old 2013 macbook air would only heat up if I was doing something processor intensive. My new macbook pro hardly ever gets scorching (just pretty warm under load)
I know I personally heard that he was addicted to crack and went to africa for rehab. But I was also in 8th or 9th grade, so stuff like that always felt untrue 
It’s worth noting that cookies are not the only way that companies track you. They can get info about your computer and browser to help identify you. So that, coupled with the IP helps narrow it down to you. Even if it’s a shared IP, the digital ‘finger print’ that your browser leaves is probably enough. 

Tracking and advertising companies probably don’t use your microphone. But the ways they do track you are very sophisticated. Sophisticated enough to have listening devices look amateur  
Git isn’t hard. It’s just really easy to create a huge mess if you don’t know what you’re doing 
That was a case of a bad password and/or bad security questions, IIRC

Since then, apple has basically shoved two-factor down its users throats. Not that it wasn’t there before
You basically have to be a repeat offender, peeing in front of children, or basically use “peeing” as an excuse for exposing yourself to get on the registry. If you went behind a dumpster or in some bushes you wouldn’t be put on a sex offenders registry. 

For some reason I was looking this up the other night and was surprised to learn that it’s more forgiving than I thought 
IIRC in the H3H3 podcast interview with playerunknown, he said that they know what the issue is, but it was a core engine issue and fixing it required a lot of careful work. He said anytime they touched something in the core engine, it created a ton of additional problems. 

He also said the dev team was working endless hours trying to smooth everything out, so they really do deserve praise and respect 
You have to meet their standards of a bad battery. My battery in my iphone 6 kept shutting down my phone, constantly died, and generally made my phone unusable. But it was above 80% health, so they wouldn’t replace it. I had to wait until it finally was below 80% before they even offered to replace it 
Gentoo isn’t that bad. I installed it just because of the meme that it’s hard to install. Realistically it’s just like the arch install, just with extra steps. 

Compiling everything isn’t too bad either. It goes fast enough that you don’t really notice most of the time 
I once had a 15-20minute conversation about the movie/boxer Bronson on the train with my friend. Except I thought he was talking about Richard Branson, founder of Virgin. For 20 minutes of my life I thought Richard Branson was one of the most badass people ever
[Carefully](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hc4-ghl7k2U)
Mostly because its neat. You can take surprisingly detailed photos of planes in midair with that camera, and do stuff like in the OP.

Astrophotography is its own world, and I'm not super familiar with it. From what I've seen, you actually don't want or need a zoom that dramatic. I also think you can set up a DSLR to a telescope, but I could be wrong. Image sensor is also very important in astrophotography. 
That’s a question that is just asking for fanboy debate

Realistically, that camera was created with crazy zoom in mind. The photos it takes are good but not great. Basically you’d only buy that if you want that crazy zoom, which isn’t really necessary for most people. 

Canon and Nikon DSLRs are generally very close in terms of quality. At the lower levels they’ll focus on different things. Canon seems to be focusing on smaller point and shoot style cameras. 
I don’t know about the time saving factor. I swear the new machines are way slower than the old ones. I’m not sure if it’s a smaller compressor, or the time it takes to check the tire pressure, but it really feels like it takes an eternity now 
The only proof is a couple of videos where somebody claimed they never searched for something or spoke about it outloud, only to get ads about that after trying to trigger any potential listening device. There has never been anything done with rigorous controls, or anything by a real research team. 
It would still use a lot of data. Unless they're compressing all of the microphone audio on the phone before sending it out. That would end up using a lot of energy. I don't see how its possible without anybody having hard evidence beyond "I saw an ad that is related to a conversation I had"
I use facebook and have never had this happen to me. I block trackers, use a VPN, and have that firefox option that disables sites from knowing your screensize etc. If my microphone was being tapped, I should still see this happen at the rate that others do. But I've never seen it ever (in fact, the ads I do see are always really useless)

Data collection companies get a MASSIVE amount of information about you. Enough to be able to predict what you want to a pretty good degree. They'll even use location and send suggestions based on that. For instance, if somebody in your house has been looking at stuff you'd buy when you first get a kitten (or any other animal) the advertisers can figure out that your household may be getting a kitten, and start suggesting things to you based on that. You may have never looked up anything in relation to kittens, but suddenly you start seeing ads for it after the conversation. It feels like they must have listened in. 
Also it was almost 50 years ago lmao 
It’s basically a slight downgrade from the 80D, except it’s slightly smaller, lighter, and about $250 less. 
What’s the cost of living comparison? 
Canon 77D. Big upgrade from my SL1 (especially the autofocus). Super happy with it so far 
Which means take a breather has the same heals per second as Transcendence. Roadhog best healer 
Santa is Bob Kelso?
Try doing a factory reset. Honestly a 7+ shouldn’t have issues like the 6/6+ do. You can always back up beforehand and restore from backup if it doesn’t work out 
iPhone 6, replaced my battery maybe 9 months ago. Got 1500 on the geekbench app (got a call towards the end so that might have affected the results). If 800 is what it’d be at without replacing my battery, it’s no wonder that I keep thinking that people’s complaints have been overblown... 
How true is that, though? I play a ton of Mercy and I feel that even though she doesn't really require aiming, game sense, knowing when to ult, and just generally not dying are hyper important to playing her well. Especially when you're target no1 and getting solo-ulted is common. 

I've never played at the GM level, so I have no idea how playing her there would look. 
Bitching about a 'mercy one-trick' is so stupid anyway. Even with the nerfs to res, Mercy is still the best healer. So if you're a support main, chances are you're going to have a ton of Mercy hours. 

I don't understand the hate for mercy players regardless. Why would somebody get angry that someone wants to play a hero that (when played correctly) is almost always a net positive to the team? Would they rather have an off-meta healer? I play healers/support in nearly every game that I play. Its not like I play Mercy because thats the only hero I can play
I think you can use [coinpot](http://coinpot.co)
100,000 doge is worth about $700 right now 
Also their strat for that room is basically everything you don't want to do. eg: Casting intimidating shout as much as possible, DI the mages 
Beyond the fact that the 'strategy' they're talking about is basically a primer on what not to do in that room 
They shouldn’t. I had my battery swapped about a year ago on my iphone 6. Cost about $80 and honestly it was totally worth it. Extended the life of my phone to the point that I still don’t feel pressed to upgrade 
If you're stuck for a long period of time, then honestly chances are that its you. Yeah the system isn't perfect, but its pretty good. 

You may have good game sense for your rank. You may have good mechanics for your rank. Its possible that something else is the issue. Maybe your communication is more toxic and tilting than you think. People really hate being told that they're wrong, or that they're bad. Honestly, no communication is better than aggressive or even passive-aggressive communication sometimes. Try avoiding coms for a few games. Disconnect your mic and don't type in chat at all. 

The only thing that you can affect is you. Record your gameplay and watch over it after the fact, or have others watch over it (shoutout to /r/overwatchuniversity). If you have a soldier76 that isn't listening to calls and keeps flanking left on numbani first point and dying, try creating some space for him. Or flanking with him.

If you really do belong in plat, then you'll get there. 


I mean, there is quickplay and deathmatch. But I do think comp is the best place to REALLY learn, just because people actually try
>  If only there were a way to use mesh for the seat of a chair, what a wonderful technology that would be /s

Literally my first thought. Plus (imo) mesh chairs are way more comfortable than super padded chairs. But I guess its not gaming hardware unless its over-engineered 

iOS will straight up kill apps if memory is needed and it didn't free anything 

>Although OS X supports a backing store, iOS does not. In iPhone applications, read-only data that is already on the disk (such as code pages) is simply removed from memory and reloaded from disk as needed. Writable data is never removed from memory by the operating system. **Instead, if the amount of free memory drops below a certain threshold, the system asks the running applications to free up memory voluntarily to make room for new data. Applications that fail to free up enough memory are terminated**.

emphasis mine

[source](https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/Performance/Conceptual/ManagingMemory/Articles/AboutMemory.html)
It can actually be worse for you battery life (both iOS and Android). Apps will enter a 'suspended' state when they're not in the foreground. Killing an app and reopening it causes it to rerun all the initial setup code. In some apps, this can be a good deal of processing (and therefore power)
Operating systems will 'page' (basically storing it on disk) memory not currently in use when RAM starts to get full. Mobile OS's are really good at this, ~~especially iOS which, IIRC, pages everything but the foreground app~~. Android is a little more friendly towards its background apps, since its memory management just uses the Linux kernel (this is also why RAM on an Android phone is more important than on an iPhone)

Actually iOS doesn't page at all. It'll just ask the applications to free up some memory, and if they don't, it'll kill them.

> Although OS X supports a backing store, iOS does not. In iPhone applications, read-only data that is already on the disk (such as code pages) is simply removed from memory and reloaded from disk as needed. Writable data is never removed from memory by the operating system. Instead, if the amount of free memory drops below a certain threshold, the system asks the running applications to free up memory voluntarily to make room for new data. Applications that fail to free up enough memory are terminated.

[source](https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/Performance/Conceptual/ManagingMemory/Articles/AboutMemory.html)
I just tested it myself ingame. The normal reload animation takes 1.5 seconds. Cancelling it with a melee right when your ammo becomes 10/10 is about 1sec. I don't know how much of a difference that 0.5 sec actually makes in a match. 
But if I already inverse everything I see here, does that mean I'll have to start following everything on there?
Just watch when you aim at targets. Do you tend to move too far over the target at first? Then you’re overaiming. Not moving enough to be on them? Under aiming 
It is worth it to cancel Ana’s reload? I’ve been trying it recently and it *feels* faster, but I might be imagining it
It’s not smooth. It has a weird jumpy stutter. My highlights look like this too. I think it’s from having a really low in-game sensitivity 
The game records my highlights/potg like this too. I think I’m 1600dpi, 2.5 in game. If I record with shadowplay or something it looks normal. I think it’s just some weird behavior in the replay 
My girlfriend has anxiety and whenever something actually triggers it I say that she was 'unironically triggered' 
He only won by 1.6ish% in 2016. The difference between Toomy and McGinty nearly align with the difference between Trump and Clinton (although Toomy had a slightly larger margin than did Trump). I think it’s arguable that the Trump fervor is the only thing that let him hold his seat.  
I'm starting a new job on January 2 and the dress code seems pretty business casual. Normally I'm not super comfortable in business casual due to my body shape. Most of my weight is in my midsection, with my legs looking normal and my upperbody also more 'normal'. Tucking in shirts shows off a noticeable muffin-top. This can normally be hidden with a jacket, sweater, sport-coat, or blazer. 

What are my options (beyond losing weight) to hide or de-emphasize my midsection in a business casual environment? Especially when it starts getting warmer and layers stop being an option. 

(Also I realize it 'doesn't matter' to a degree, but I'd really like to feel comfortable here and not obsessing about how I look all day)
Google is a good example of why 'competition' doesn't work in this instance. Wonder why google slowly stopped talking about their gigabit internet? Turns out its crazy hard to start laying your own lines. If google can't do it, I don't see why anybody would think that another company can. 
I also saw an exit poll on CNN that said that 89% (could be wrong, but around there) of people who voted for Moore did not believe the allegations against him.

I guess partisan lines will help you create any reality you want 
It’s possible she just wanted some time away from the caretaker role. Personally I understand that 100%. It’s stressful being a caretaker, even when you love the person with all your heart. 
Nobody really knows (don’t listen to people saying he’s being cucked or anything). He mentioned a possible separation before. It’s possible she wanted a break after being a caretaker for so long. Boogie has made huge strides recently, but it’s reasonable for someone to need a break just to feel like themselves. Not a break to someone else, but a break from everyone else. 
This isn’t twitch chat. There is zero evidence that any of that is true
IIRC in a video shortly after the surgery he mentioned that they had talked about a bit of a separation once he was on his feet. I think its totally reasonable and understandable that somebody might want some time to themselves after being in a caretaker position for so long. Not dissing boogie or anything. 
This is true and (as someone who graduated in May who is still looking) keeps me going. I’ve told friends and family that i’m still looking and the “just give me you’re resume I’ll see if we have anything” at least let’s me know that the people I know think I’m employable 
There are 130calories in 2 tablespoons of buttermilk ranch dressing. A normal dressing packet you’d get with a bag salad is 1.5 oz, or 3 tablespoons. So that’s 195cal. If you’re eating enough dressing, then yes you’ll become a big fat guy even if there are a lot of vegetables under that dressing. If you limit the dressing, you can get by. This isn’t even counting the cheese, which can add a lot. 1oz of cheddar has 113 calories. 

If you eat 1 cup of broccoli (30 calories) and add 1.5 oz of ranch (195cal) and 1oz of cheese (113cal) you’re at 338. (I have no idea of these measurements are realistic). 338 is a lot for a cup of broccoli, considering 90% of the calories are from what you adding onto it. So if you choose to do this, moderation is key 

does it involve the little chat window? i dont wanna start spamming them if thats unrelated 
Can you get a canon full frame for <=$1000?
I have $1000 to spend on a new camera body. Currently I have the Canon SL1 and my girlfriend has the 70d. We have a 50mm, 85mm, 24mm and the kit lens. The smart thing would be to either get the 70d, or the 77d, but honestly I really want the Sony a7. I love that its full frame and I adore the body styling. I know adapters aren't great (especially because maintaining the electrical contacts between the lens and body is a must in this situation), but would I be shooting myself in the foot by getting the a7 and an adapter? 
Taking care of someone is constant, hard, unrewarding work. I wouldn't doubt that she wanted some time for herself, but I somehow doubt that its sexually related. She probably just wants to feel like her own person and not a carer. 

I don't understand why at the slightest hint of relationship drama on twitch/youtube, everyone assumes the other person is fucking someone else. 
If you’re the host of a show and your guest has made it very clear they’re not going to talk about a topic, what are you meant to do? Keep pressing until he just gets up and leaves? They brought it up, talked about it to the maximum extent that Jon was going to, and kept the show going. 

I do wish that Ethan didn’t downplay it so much by acting like it was just a difference of opinion. I don’t think he’s wrong by not pressing hard on the issue though. 
I think the most important thing is for youtube to communicate why a video is getting demonitized. I realize they don’t want to give information so that people can game the system, but at least letting people know that a video isn’t okay because of XYZ would make people feel somewhat better 
True, which is why I'm going to interview regardless. I guess I just don't know if I'd want to take the job assuming the interview went well. 
Pretty sure Americans do this too. 
Maybe its a non-chlorine pool?
When I first started watching h3h3 (especially ethan and hila) I was in a relationship that was good, but not great by any means. She was (and is) a good person, but we emotionally we didn't mesh as a couple super well. Watching Ethan and Hila interact made me realize that you shouldn't settle for someone who is just good. They made me realize that what I really wanted was someone who understood and accepted all of me. Someone that I could accept and understand completely. 

Since then I moved onto another relationship that is exactly that. I like to believe that that was in part due to my desire to have something like they do. 
When I was in highschool a lot of kids took the drivers ed class even though it wasn't required. Mostly because you got a discount on your insurance, and because it was easy.

That being said, the road test was a total joke. I was driving for about 3-4 weeks before I got my license. 
I don't think I did any windows-specific programming when I was at my university. Even my operating systems course pretty much just talked about Linux (or rather POSIX systems). When you first start with computers and programming, Windows seems standard and everything else seems like the odd-ball. The more you learn, the more you realize that everything else is standardized, and windows is the complete oddball. 
SNAP is a bad example because the company just keeps doing worse and worse. If I understand correctly, the bitcoin price jump is mostly due to the fork, and people hoping to double-dip. I would honestly expect a crash soon. Maybe not in a week, but I'd be surprised if the price keeps the upward trend in a month or two. 
Fun fact: that guy at the very start of the clip (the chef) was based on a real baker on the Titanic who survived
I agree with you last point a lot. At my school I knew people who were great programmers, but didn’t end up graduating with a computer science degree (when they started on that track) because it seemed the math department would make a game out of how many people they could fail. I hardly even used calculus for my actual CS work. 
I’ve never used any of the camera hotkeys (like ctrl-f1). Should I get into the habit of doing so? Currently I have base camera set to space and just spam that for my larva injects. Is there a benefit to setting cameras to f1-f4 instead of just using the base camera? Currently plat-3 after getting placed in silver-3 a couple of days ago. 

I’m hesitant because i’m using a 60% keyboard so it doesn’t have real function keys. But i do have a full sized I can use if it’s a big deal 
In a large amount of places, you don't have a choice of ISP. Where I live, the choices are basically Comcast and Verizon. Plenty of places only have 1 choice. If Time Warner decides to enact a package based model, and you have literally zero choices for a new ISP, what are you meant to do? It'd be like if Ford started selling cars without engines, but the only cars you could drive in your town were Fords. 
You can always just hide every post that mentions NN if its bothering you to that degree. It is an important issue, but I do understand given that basically the first 2 pages of /r/all are all NN posts 
Net Neutrality has been a big issue for a long time. Its just that before, the FCC said that they'd uphold NN. Now with the new administration, they want to dismantle it. 

Its also not necessarily the case that people who pay will get better speeds, but rather people who don't will get worse speeds. If you have comcast, which has stake in hulu, its very possible that you could see netflix and youtube throttled, while hulu runs normally. Of course it'd be pitched as "Get the fastest speeds for hulu!" or something like that. 

The internet currently exists like electricity. Its in the interest of ISPs to have the internet act like TV instead (paying for packages, getting limited number of sites, etc)  
There was a thread on /g/ yesterday I think that had a 50/50 split for and against net neutrality. A good portion of the comments saying stuff like “get that reddit shit off of here”
First make sure a city in your timezone is added to the world clock on your phone (Clock >> + >> [City in your timezone])

(On your phone) Watch App >> Clock (under calendar and above contacts) >> City Abbreviations >> [City in your timezone] change this to a space and hit return on the keyboard

Now you should be able to use the world clock complication with just the time listed. Should end up looking like [this](https://i.imgur.com/oQ3dWHz.png)
You can even put a custom name on the time zone so that it’s just blank
I've been playing ranked after not playing any starcraft for a couple of years. At first I just played a ton of vs. AI games, but finally worked up the courage to play ranked. As long as you accept that you're gonna lose, its not bad at all (I lost all 5 of my placements, been improving since). 
Who doesn’t want in on something backed by pure speculation alone?
Where do you end up looking for jobs like that? A lot of my search has been on linkedin, angellist, and stackoverflow. I've been applying since May, done probably 10ish interviews and 0 offers 
Ahh the old reddit switcharoo
FWIW I worked at a pizza place and 95% of the customers were somewhere in the range of neutral to great. 5% were annoying to hell on earth, and honestly maybe 1% of that 5% were the hell on earth type. If you try to focus on the people who are nice and respect you, it makes the shitty ones stick out less.

The real soul sucking part is management IMO. If you have a manager or supervisor who belittles you or just treats you like dirt, then life is hell. If you have one that respects you and lets you know that you're doing good work, then everything is great. 
Its a bug with the comtesse skin. Her other skins (I only have the preorder and the white bird one to test) don't do that with the intro. Its super annoying 
Unfortunately I mostly play when my girlfriend is sleeping, so no voice comms for me 
I’m in gold and basically always have been. My games usually either have zero voice, or some toxicity. Usually the toxicity is something between passive-aggressive shots at team members, to people saying stuff like “all of you are terrible. This is why you’re in gold. Enjoy being stuck here forever”. It’s very rare that voice is used constructively 
Bought 1 call @91 yesterday for around 0.80-0.90/share. Sold for 4.0/share this morning. Feels good. 
I can't see how walmart won't report good earnings. One analyst said the stock should be at 100/share. Bought a call @91. I believe in you wmt
I also like the current mercy with the exception of her res. Her ult feels fun and powerful. I like her style of healing and always has. I really hate how mercy is nearly required because of res. Hopefully the changes will help
The current google logo can be represented as a very small svg file (like, 40bytes small) but I don’t think they’ve ever actually used the svg anywhere 
It’s program dependent. I’m on iOS but it hardly ever shows up for me. I see it when I’m on desktop though 
Portrait mode needs the dual cameras. The 7+, 8+ and X are the only ones with the dual cameras
😉 FTFY
I love my dentist and everyone who works at his office. They’re crazy friendly and make you feel like they only want to do the best job they can, and to make you as comfortable as they can. This is coming from someone who has probably had more than half their teeth worked (and I’m only 25. Take care of your teeth, kids). If you can do that, you’ll be all right
Assuming he had made proper amends with the person, I think that it could be forgiven (is forgiven the correct word?). I think a drug addiction is a solid reason (not an excuse, of course) for such behavior. Considering that he’s done a lot of work to abandon that part of himself, then it’d be reason enough to believe that part would be abandoned too 
I'd be honestly shocked if Marc Maron did anything like this after he got sober. Especially considering his podcast started as a way to make amends. Coke-fueled Maron, like most coke-fueled people, I would be less surprised to hear about. 
I think it was more to say that people who voted for Trump are like Heidi. Listened to their heart and what they believe in. Now all the “I told you so!” isn’t helping anybody, but creates more distance. 
Yeah sadly that’ll happen. The bug happens because “I” is adding a Unicode variation code onto the end of the normal Unicode character for some reason. So until there is a fix, your only options are to either turn off autocorrect or force it to always use “i”
You can add in a shortcut that’ll fix it so you don’t need to turn off autocorrect. 

Settings >> General >> Keyboard >> Text Replacement >> + >> Phrase: I (uppercase) shortcut: i (lowercase) 

Note: don’t type uppercase or lowercase. just type the letter in the case stated 

This won’t fix you seeing the bug, but it’ll fix you accidentally typing it 
Or had planned on putting it in due to other feedback and the timing of the reddit thread was a coincidence 
Netflix feels like a company that understood streaming and how big it was going to be. Hulu feels like a bunch of executives sat down in a board room and tried to come up with a solution to netflix without understanding it 100%. Putting ads like it was TV, for instance

These are also just my personal feelings, so yeah they probably fooled me into believing that they understand what I want and are looking out for that.  
You're not wrong, I suppose. I actually thought about that when I was writing my first comment. Maybe its the 'corporate' feel of hulu, maybe its the interface, maybe its just brand loyalty. Something about it just rubs me the wrong way 
Ads, for one. Plus, personally its the principle of it all. Hulu is just causing more and more division among streaming services. I don't want to have to pay for a bunch of different services when I previously got the same thing from one service. This point isn't against Hulu necessarily. If hulu was the first big player in streaming and Netflix started grabbing all their content away, I'd feel the same about Netflix 
Well they’re poor for a reason...
If blizz added my knaifu Xal'atath into overwatch I'd cry tears of joy 
Hand sanitizer works well in a pinch too. Smelly armpits but you only realized when it’s too late? Slap some hand sanitizer and all the bacteria that cause the smell are gone. Make sure to deodorant after or you’ll be smelling again soon. 
Ah, well disregard all of this then. Thanks
wtf am I thinking about then. What was the event that went over the artifact weapons and stuff? Whatever it was, I remember watching a live stream of it. When they all came out in those legion bowling shirts 
So I’d need the virtual ticket to watch ‘What’s next’? For some reason I remember watching the legion reveal live without paying, but maybe that was just the opening ceremony? 
Because I was drunk and it sounded like fun at the time 
I came very close to doing this one Halloween. I was already pretty drunk and decided to do a flaming 151 shot. “I’m not going to be like one of those idiots I’ve seen on the internet. I’m going to blow this out like you’re meant to”. Proceeded to blow 151 over the people in front of me. Thank god it didn’t ignite or I’d join those idiots on the internet 
wtf this is the third comment section Ive found you in
In other words, Comcast
R. Kelly has underage sex slaves 
Honestly, latency is a much stronger factor than tick rate. A tick rate of 64 isn’t going to help you against someone with a 500ms ping 
I've personally seen it in WoW. Severe enough to cause a guild split. In all fairness, for every 50 girls I've seen in that game, only 1 or 2 were like that, and I don't think I've seen a single girl do that outside of WoW. Plus its also possible that its just a loud, confrontational personality and not that the girl was trying to use her gender to her advantage (less so for the guys who were very quick to jump to her defense).  
Symmetra is a good example of why the community shouldn’t balance things. IMO Symmetra is fine in her current form. Getting killed by her feels really shitty, especially if you’re playing a more mechanically demanding hero and she just comes in and locks on. But you outlined basically why she’s more or less balanced. 

Same goes for Mei (although I haven’t seen people call for a nerf on her). Getting frozen and headshotted by her feels really shitty and unfun. But that doesn’t mean she’s overpowered or anything 
Oh absolutely. I think they had over 600 attempts on his life or something? The file is no smoking gun (somebody else replied with the link), but it was just interesting to read a more candid discussion about some of that
It’s a ton of fun. Definitely recommend 
There is a senate hearing report that basically outlines that while possible russia involvement was covered extensively (to the point it was exhausted), the Cuba angle was hardly ever covered. The CIA was conducting an assassination plot on Castro during that time, but nobody asked them about it at all

It also says that not only did the FBI have a file on Oswald prior to the shooting, but they interviewed him. He’s described as lying, and the interviewer knew he was lying 

I only got about a third of the way through the document (thanks mario odyssey), but it’s a pretty frank discussion about the failures of the CIA and FBI before, during, and after the assassination   

EDIT: https://www.archives.gov/files/research/jfk/releases/docid-32282019.pdf
Ah yeah good point 
https://www.archives.gov/files/research/jfk/releases/docid-32206626.pdf

Support for JD Tippit being a second shooter


You can use the histogram on the camera to check. Assuming you’re shooting in raw (which you should be for this) it’s pretty flexible. Just try to hit an even curve on the histogram

If you’re scanning color, make sure to set the white balance to the coolest(?) you can. Personally I shoot one frame, then use that as a custom white balance and keep going. Otherwise your blues will be nearly non-existent 
iOS is still more profitable than Android, even given the difference in amount of devices. 
> Apple holds your hand while you're developing

Curious what you mean by this. I've done both iOS and Android and I haven't felt much hand holding in either environment. 
I think a solution would be to not allow her to fly to dead teammates. It’d clamp down on her res without gutting it completely, plus she’d still be able to get distance resurrects with ult. Although it might encourage a heavy tank style comp with next to no flankers. Still, junkrat is still crazy strong and would be able to break that apart


Its not even so much that its low on the priority queue, rather that it can be a complicated issue to fix. The phenom II processors are using an older instruction set. So they'd either need to compile the game so that it uses an instruction set that Phenom II can handle, or release a patch that mimics the behavior of those instructions (I think. It could actually be more complicated than that. My computer architecture is rusty)
“Hey I invented a new form of math and it totally works”

“I don’t believe you. I’m going to try to show you it doesn’t work.”

“Go ahead, try. Even use everything that we already are certain works and is true in math to try to prove it doesn’t work, but I promise you it works”

*time passes*

“So I used what we already know to be true in math and it looks like everything with this new ‘calculus’ checks out. I guess this is mathematically sound”
Don't expect a resolution to the Phenom issue for at least a few weeks. The track record for other games fixing the same issue is a few weeks to a month. IMO request a refund, and if it gets fixed just buy the game again. I just got a refund through Blizzard and it was pretty painless. 
A Phenom II X4 955. I had a feeling this fix would be intel exclusive
You can change the frame rate in the cvars file. Its in 

    C:\Users\*YOURUSERNAME*\AppData\Roaming\Bungie\DestinyPC\prefs

Open it with notepad, look for 

    <cvar name="framerate_cap" value="0" />
and change that 0 to 30. I tried this but it still crashed (didnt have another PC to get past the cutscene, though)
I hope that they reconsider for people (like myself) with Phenom II processors...
I skipped and it crashed. Then I made a new character (thinking that skipping caused it to crash) and it still crashed after finishing the first cutscene
Mine is crashing after the first cutscene. The first time it gave “destiny is not responding” but after that it just closed. Tried to make a new character just in case and still happening 
In a game like this it will always be a problem. People want heroes that can carry, and dps heroes are ones that have the most ‘obvious’ (for lack of a better word) impact. 

It’s an issue that has existed in hero-based team games with a solo queue, and will continue to exist
The frontal cortex actually stops development at age 25 IIRC. I can't find anything to say if drinking between the ages of 18-20 would hinder development as compared to after 21. 21 seems to come from MAAD and their efforts to keep alcohol out of teenage hands (also 21 is the age that somebody would become an adult in   old English common law)
Do you use any product? (gels, pomade, mousse, etc)
I just don’t want to feel like I’m making a statement, or have it come across like I’m being different for the sake of being different. 
I wish I could paint my nails as a guy and have it not be weird. I don't wanna be 'that guy who paints his nails'. 
I guess in theory you’d buy pictures of people you know
Sonic arrow has a lot more benefit than I feel you’re giving it credit for. Sure, it’s not a widow ult, but it can give some nice vision at a pretty short cooldown. Even if it doesn’t last super long, it lasts long enough to give you an idea of who is where

Personally I like hanzo because I feel that he does a lot better in shortish (not directly in your face short) to medium range. Plus the arrow hit boxes are more forgiving than widow. IMO it’s a preference thing. I’ve played a bunch of hanzo so he feels pretty natural in my hands. Meanwhile, I miss like crazy whenever I play widow

(Of course the best skill a hanzo player needs to learn is when to switch, though) 
I’m in a splatoon 2 group on facebook. The amount of rage posted there about teammates makes me believe that avoiding voice chat is a good idea. People would absolutely yell at others, regardless of if they’re a child or not, for playing poorly. Nothing would kill the “family friendly console” vibe faster than your child avoiding the game because others are berating them 
I could understand if you’re the type that’s going to subscribe to everything for the entire length of the product. I don’t know the specific prices, but i’m sure it ends up being more than buying it outright would have been. I only use photoshop and lightroom though, so $10 is perfectly reasonable for that 
If it’s a GM saab then parts are a little easier to find. Things like headlights and stuff you’ll still need to buy saab specific. There are still places that sell stuff, but my it will be a sad day for my 2005 9-3 when those parts dry up 
I have one of the old AA battery ones. I never even use it cause it feels so horrible in my hand. I don’t understand why anybody would use an apple mouse 
At least it’s usb-3 so you can buy a 3rd party dongle that handles everything. Still annoying tho 
The creative suite use to be $1000+. Now you can use it for almost nothing. I don’t see what the issue with subscription is, but maybe I’m exactly adobes audience with their subscription service 
If that were the case they should have just pronounced it as the letter X instead of the number 10. I don’t see the issue with the letter X
Second that. I can’t offer much in terms of physical goods, but I’m always willing to do what I can 
!Remindme 7 days
I'm no pro, but I tend to use it during a big push (either attacking or defending) to make use of the chain healing and chain damage boost. Also, your resurrect cooldown gets reset, so its a good idea to res someone, ult, res someone else (plus, the cooldown goes to 8 seconds, so if someone else goes down you can quickly pick them up). Also make sure to fly around erratically. 

My aim is not the greatest, so I haven't had much success using the ult for the pistol damage up, but someone else may have more experience with that.
I like to imagine GRRM writes his blog (not a blog?) posts by mailing a letter to someone, who then transcripts it to the blog. I imagine he’s very surprised that everyone seems to know what was said in these letters, but just takes it all in stride 
I came down to Asheville for the eclipse. We spent a solid 3 days walking around town and still felt like there was a lot left to see. Such an awesome place

Also shoutout to Doc Chey’s for the best noodles i’ve ever had 
I have a 6 and it’s also running fine. Slight bit of lag here and there but nothing disruptive. 
It’s not the actual disposal that’s a problem, it’s the drain. Egg shells can lead to a blocked drain
I'm also wondering this. I'm working on my first electronics project at the moment and melting the shielding can be a real issue. I've been almost 'painting' a bit of solder onto the wire, and then joining it with the other solder. I'm still super new at soldering though
Goddamn it Ian get your shit together already 
Using LaTex is a really good idea. I'll do that.

I wasn't sure if I should leave the community college on. In the past, I had it on there because without it my resume looked really empty. But I suppose now I have enough projects and stuff that I could probably cut it and be okay. I'll also look over the resume section in cracking the coding interview. 

I never did any practice interviews. The club was mostly focused on hackathons and exposing people to technologies and stuff that were not being represented in other groups. I've reached out to some people I know. The response has mostly been neutral (ie, no positions that they know of, but they'll keep and eye out and/or pass my name along to people that know better)
I personally wouldn't, but if you're applying for a job that lists visual studio or something as a requirement, then I couldn't see it hurting. But if you were applying for front end dev position and listed a bunch of text editors, I feel like the person hiring would think "well I should hope you know how to use sublime..." and also they might feel like you're just padding.

But I also posted my resume in this thread, so its very possible I have no idea what I'm talking about. 
https://i.imgur.com/6kuyTd4.png

Graduated back in May. I've been applying places all summer while working for some pre-funded startups. Its begun to hurt my wallet. I've only had 3 interviews (one was through a staffing agency), and have just had really poor luck in those. I was asked to recreate Java's garbage collection for one of my interviews (and was told that my failure to do so was the reason they passed on me). Other than that I've had no hits. 

I've recently started applying to more places outside of the Philadelphia area. Mostly New York and some LA (mainly because I have family in both of those cities). But I just don't know what I'm doing wrong. 
Seriously. All you need to do to understand how surprisingly difficult it is to fix a ‘simple’ issue is to find a big project on github and try to fix an easy looking issue in the issues tracker. 

Example: I saw an issue with a reddit app on github that was basically an issue with links in comments escaping early. I figured this was an easy fix (go to where the formatting is checked, add some checks for escape characters and other formatting fixes). The actual comments ended up being passed through a large amount of methods, so even finding where this was happening was difficult, let alone figure out if it was an issue with the formatter, or another bit of code causing an issue. 
> NOT AFFILIATED WITH FUTURAMA BRASS KNUCKLE CO.
My girlfriend worked at disney and has told me the nuclear story before. It’s super possible that i’m telling it wrong, but I’m just going off of what I remember. I do know they have a metric fuckton of fireworks though, considering they do a full show every night 
IIRC this is because the amount of fireworks they have on premise requires them to be zoned (or something) for a nuclear facility

That may not be 100% correct but i’m pretty sure it has to do with the fireworks 
I use to run unity on my 2013 macbook air, so it’s doable on lower end hardware (albeit not preferred)
How would you describe what it looks like?
Sorry I tried to see if it was already posted, I guess I just did a shitty job. 
If the SEC doesn’t investigate the shit out of this, then they might as well just label themselves as useless. There are records of people making a loooot of money with very questionable EFX puts. The type that you’d only buy if you were very stupid or knew something that others didn’t 

EDIT: This is IIRC. I could be wrong 
I think this problem is also present in facebook messenger. So it might be something to do with how gyfcat does previews? 
Well if you decide to install gentoo then it’s a lot like the picture 
I would bet anything that celebs only buy into it as a tax dodge. Donate to the church, suddenly the church gives you a lot of ‘benefits’, which they get tax free. 
He only takes 3 breaths during Communist Daughter. Its crazy
[This](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/POSIX) says that macOS is actually more POSIX compliant than linux. I agree the weird GPL issues are very annoying, though. 
wtf are you doing to your laptop that it gets 9x the abuse of a phone
People don't like disturbances in the anti-apple circlejerk
It doesn't mean that he's gonna start showing up to KKK rallies, but its not 'nothing' either. Calling someone a motherfucker is insulting at its core because fucking your own mother is something nobody wants to be known for (or at least I hope). Calling someone a fag as an insult on some level is saying "you're gay and thats bad". For a good chunk of people it may just be a word with little meaning behind it other than negativity, but it does carry more weight than that. Its the same thing with what he said. 

I'm not here to police anyones language. I hate that and it only turns into a spiral of needing to carefully select your words to not offend anyone. I'm not even saying that telling someone off in-game is necessarily bad. Just that there are a lot of ways to insult someone and to curse someone out, so why use the one that carries probably the most weight of all?


Well, then I guess a better analogy would be complaining that the lexus lfa is $375,000 when the standard lexus is $37,000.
Sorta like swiping up for control panel now, I assume. 
It should be fine. It detects a lot more than just the area where a beard would be, and those shouldn't change. Unless you're wolfman and have hair on 100% of your face, it should pick you up 
Nobody is forcing you to buy it. It's like complaining about the price of a ferrari when all you need is a honda civic
"Basic". For the lower storage model of their highest end phone. Basic would be the iphone 8
Business majors are great. If a company was filled with STEM majors they'd just make cool stuff and nobody would buy it. I can say though, I've worked with fresh-ish business grads and sometimes it's hard to explain or stress how difficult something will be to implement, or how doing something a certain way will end up hurting us in the long run. The good ones will listen and take what you say seriously. The bad ones don't care 
Step 1: Learn how to program outside of iOS. This may seem annoying but jumping into iOS without knowing the basics will make this a lot more difficult (and not in a fun way). Learn object oriented design principles. You can probably use any language for this, but using swift for this part isn't a bad idea. 

Step 2: Once you feel comfortable with programming and swift, you can look into Stanford's iOS tutorial. Its how I first learned the basics of iOS development. The only reason why I wouldn't recommend starting with that is that they assume you know basic programming.

After that, its just a matter of making stuff. Start simple, and try to create increasingly more complex apps. Look into different youtube series where they recreate apps like instagram and youtube. 
Plus getting your device repaired by apple gives you a 6month (I think, its been a while) warranty on the repair. Get a new battery but it craps out in 2 months for whatever reason? Apple will fix it. Get a screen replaced on a laptop but it goes black in a month? Apple will fix that.
My resting face looks both sad and angry. I swear I hear "what's wrong?" or "are you angry at me?" 3-4 times a day (and I don't see that many people in a day). I really got the shit end of the stick
The photos that the campaign manager had proved it
I also don't mind the normal reddit app. It does what I need it to do and hasn't annoyed me enough to find something different. There are little things about it that I don't like (like gyfcat's framerate being cut in half, but for that you can always just click the 'gyfcat' to get the actual site at full framerate), but nothing so big that I want to delete it. 
You can actually just swipe down when it comes up in the first place. No need to hit yes or no
I'd guess that a big reason for that is apples almost paranoid obsession with security. Since the web rendering engine is so important, any exploit could put a ton of users at risk. They can actively control safari, but adding the chrome engine introduces that layer of uncertainty. Flash was also security, and that steve jobs hated flash (probably appropriately). I actually wouldn't be surprised if microsoft wanted to kill applets for the same reason 

Or i'm wrong and apple is just in the mindset that they always know best no matter what
I've had photos of me that was done with probably an 85+mm lens. I HATE those photos more than anything. I feel like I look disgusting and fat in them. But a 50mm on a full frame looks (to me) much more natural. 

Personally I don't understand why you'd want that effect for portraits. Unless your subject had a narrow face, or was just generally mousey
If there are enough bikes already on the bike rack, all you have to do is lock up better than the worst lock job. Securely locking your bike next to one that just has a cheap cable tied around it makes yours less of a target

Of course I went to a bigger university in a big city, so there were bikes everywhere. A smaller university or college in a small town probably wouldn't have so many bikes
(Questions for normal and heroic)

Do you do anything fancy on Desolate Host, like trying to keep both mini bosses dotted at all times? 

Also is keeping dots up on maiden for the avatar fight okay? I see a lot of people do that to pad the meters, but I wouldn't want to have my guild be pissed off at me because I want to flex
He plays Dinesh on silicon valley 
Asking is on the client side, though. Its not as if the power to ask is given to the usb port. Your phone recognizes that something wants data and asks if thats cool with you. Enough people don't read or care and just say yes, though. 
If you have debt there is always the chance to get out of it. If you're dead, there is no getting out of that. I'll fight tooth and nail to get universal healthcare, but honestly if this story is true, and what this person had was treatable, then they effectively killed them selves. This isn't a socialism issue. That would come after the person got treatment and (like millions of other people) was not able to pay. This is someone choosing not to live because the possibility exists that they'd drown in debt 
Besides, couldn't they just throttle steam downloads? 
I've heard he can be a dick too. He came to my highschool a while back and people's reactions the following day were that he was rude didn't want to give people the time of day. 

Although I wasn't there, so I can't corroborate that, and these are highschool kids, so it's very possible it's not true
The guy above posted a news article about it 
Not OP, but medication, sticking to a schedule (including food and sleep), and understanding what helps and hurts you makes a big difference. For example, I have a really hard time getting anything done unless it's nearly silent, I'm comfortable, and free from immediate distractions (this is probably true for most people, but taken to quite an extreme for me). 

Honestly medication was the biggest change. I tried everything else before that, and it always felt like I was fighting uphill. Medication leveled that
I actually think it comes from the idea that it'd take 7 years to digest gum if it actually stayed in your system for that long. But over time this got twisted to "it says in your system for 7 years"

To be fair i also have no idea if it'd take 7 years to break down gum 
That's a good point, I didn't think of that. I mean in a perfect world, you'd access platform independent functions for stuff like that, and have some layer that handles each OS independently. But that's a lot easier said than done 
That comes down to lazy developers, honestly. macos and linux to a certain extent should be able to run their components completely out of the package style installation that you usually get. Windows has a much more complicated instal process due to OS structure. The parallel on windows is how developers don't put stuff in %appdata% for some reason 
It's annoying licensing issues. They don't support gcc anymore either, opting for clang instead (pretty sure it's clang). It's really annoying 
This is also a factor. Weird GPL issues with apple have them stuck with an older version of stuff like opengl, and gcc. Apple is making the switch over to stuff like metal and clang, but IMO it's just going to cause a bigger divide 
I'm sorry but there is no way you could build a $500 computer that matches the specs of my macbook. You'd be nearly out of money just getting a monitor with the same resolution 
Genuine question: like what? I know that a lot of engines are written for directx, and switching to opengl or metal is way more work than a developer would want to put in. I can't think of many other reasons 
This is likely because of the architecture change from powerPC to x86. This was a smart change, but if microsoft tried to do that it'd be impossible because of how immense their market share is. Microsofts market share is weirdly their biggest strength and biggest weakness 
Android phones have a much much bigger issues with that. Apple still supports back to the iphone 5s IIRC, which is almost 4 years old. There are android phones that lose support after a year
Macs don't get games because windows pushed directx so hard. 
In case anybody is wondering, most of the 'article' is lyrics from Total Eclipse of the Heart
It's a command (used mostly) to download things from the internet via command line in unix based environments 
Newer archer feels like its written by archer fans who are obsessed with earlier seasons of archer 
Newer archer feels like its written by archer fans who are obsessed with earlier seasons of archer 
At my university the CS labs had free printing. Some students tried to print entire textbooks through those printers. 
I drove 10 hours to see the totality. Everyone back home saw 80%ish. Ever since monday i've been struggling to explain how completely incredible the totality was. I mean, for as cool as the partial eclipse is, it's *boring* compared to the totality. It was the most awesome (in the true sense) thing i've ever seen 
At best you won't see anything of note, because the sun is way too bright and your phone camera isn't designed to compensate for that amount of light. At worst you'll completely ruin your phone's sensor. Unless you have a solar filter, don't try it
I've also heard you can use fully exposed, fully developed, silver based black and white film. I haven't seen much information in regards to that. Is there a good place to read up on making solar filters/eclipse viewers with silver halide film? 


Just tested it. It takes a screenshot and pauses.
FWIW he has shown stuff that he retrobrited years later, and it's all held up pretty well. 
That's why I took glyph of shadowy friends to give my owl shadowform as well. Looks way better imo
I ended up taking some HP5-400 120 film and exposing about half the roll (cut out the frames I hadn't shot and waved the film in front of a light for a bit). Developed with stock solution for the standard amount of time. Taped two laters to cardboard to make a little viewing window. I haven't gotten the chance to test it yet due to clouds.

I just wish I could find some in-depth information about this 
Does anyone know anything about using black and white film to make eclipse glasses? Amazon recently emailed me saying the glasses I bought aren't legit. I've read online that you can take fully exposed black and white film (as long as its traditional silver-based film) and use that. I have some HP5 that I can use but I just wanted to make sure its safe.
Does anyone know anything about using black and white film to make eclipse glasses? Amazon recently emailed me saying the glasses I bought aren't legit. I've read online that you can take fully exposed black and white film (as long as its traditional silver-based film) and use that. I have some HP5 that I can use but I just wanted to make sure its safe.
I don't think those will work. It says no UV protection on the page
Where can you find them? I've been looking online and I can't even find a place that sells #14 welding glasses/masks
Knowing it's past, it could literally just not be there one day when we log in and that would make sense. It has a habit of just sorta... vanishing on people that claim to own it 
Most of the time there is a legendary that is better than KJBW. Someone will correct me if i'm wrong but I'm pretty sure it's middle of the pack for most classes 
Oh god I think this has been happening to me. Someone will send me a message saying that so-and-so isn't working, or i'll notice something isn't loading in correctly. I'll think "Either something on the backend is messed up or I messed up". So I'll go and put some breakpoints and suddenly it's totally fine. 
I don't know man. I can deal with cold. Harsh bitter cold (maybe not -35c) sucks but I can deal with it. Heat I can't deal with.
Ketchup use to be made from fish. Ketchup being made from tomatoes is actually relatively new 
If you're not in a guild that runs logs (or don't do guild runs at all), I suggest looking into running logs just for yourself. All you have to do is enable a setting in wow to collect full combat logs, run the '/combatlog' command in game to actually start logging, then download the warcraft logs application and run it. Its super helpful to telling you what you're doing right and wrong 
Yeah I don't disagree. I don't think that any of the good things that he says or does excuses the apologetic attitude that the pope seems to have towards pedophila in the church.
I mean if you're looking for a shining beacon of progressive values, a 2000 year old institution dropping with tradition isn't your best bet. Pope Frances isn't a bad pope, and at least is pushing a message of "don't be dicks no matter what". 

I really wish he'd put his foot down with these goddamn pedophiles though. In an aggressive way, not just saying "oh yeah those people probably aren't the best"
It will. But that's okay, just enjoy it as much as you can now. Not worth worrying about the end 
Ideally you won't feel a thing. Sometimes you may feel sliiight pain, but nothing extreme. If it hurts, either tell your dentist that usually it hurts more than you think it should, or find a different one

I've had waaaay too much dental work in my life, and thankfully my dentist is crazy about making sure you feel next to nothing. I have legitimately almost fallen asleep in the chair while getting fillings 
This is how I got my switch back around launch :)

EDIT: Just be careful. My bank saw it as a fraudulent charge, so I had to call them and let them know everything is cool 
Picking up alcohol for a party in Pennsylvania: Need to get a case of beer? Gotta go to a beer distributor for that. Oh but I wanted my friends to try this new stuff I found, but I don't really want to get it in a 12 or 24 pack. Gotta go to a place that sells 6 packs since distributors can't sell 6 packs. Now you need liquor or wine? Gotta go to the state store. Better hope its not sunday (unless you're lucky enough to have a state store that opens on sunday) or after 9pm. If so, good luck

At least some places like wegmans can sell wine until 10pm now. 
I use to deliver and if one of my orders was late it was almost always because we were understaffed and 5-10 orders came in at once. Nothing you can really do in that scenario.  
Closed
The issue in my opinion is that you're required to restart to apply these updates for windows. Unix-like systems often don't need to restart, so applying updates is pretty painless. 
Apple actually doesn't collect that much information its users, especially compared to Google and Facebook. Google and Facebook are in the business of collecting information for advertisements. That isn't a focus for Apple. 

I know people like to shit on apple, but (possibly ironically) they'll respect your freedom more than other big tech companies, Microsoft included
Regina Spektor even did an awesome cover of that 
If your feet smell please don't take your shoes off. I already hate flying and smelling someone feet for 6 hours wouldn't make it any better
Good god how do that many people seriously do such poor dps? It doesn't even seem possible to do 200k if you're doing anything more than auto attacking 
He charges up super slow. Slow enough that he transitioned around 30% for my group. The rest of the (normal) mechanics are there (albeit at much lower damage), so its not just a patchwerk fight. 

If you need to work on your movement timings for higher difficulties its not bad practice 
The actual "bone hurting juice" is dead, but the concept of taking a meme literally, or rather presenting a meme from the perspective of somebody who has no idea what it is will always be somewhat alive. It's just part of the anti-joke
Yeah I don't watch his videos regularly, but I have seen a few. Personally I have no problem with him. He's not annoying like some other vloggers, and he does seem to try to make his videos interesting (both visually and in terms of content).  
IMO the biggest jump isn't from language to language, but environment to environment. If you wrote backend java and switched to writing iOS apps in swift, you'll spend more time learning the ins and outs of the cocoa framework, and other little things than learning swift itself. Even if you went from android to iOS (or the reverse) you'll be spending most of your time learning the respective frameworks. Personally I switched from android to ios and while it was much easier than learning ios if i had zero android experience, there is and was a ton to learn

That being said, a competent developer will (or should) be able to transition easy enough to not require a $10k+ coding boot camp.  
Yeah it use to be that VT and dispersion stopped drain stacks, but not actual voidform stacks. Then s2m started getting a little too out of hand, so they made dispersion stop voidform and drain, but VT stayed the same.

Delaying VT isn't a great idea. No matter what, if you VT during a voidform you'll still end up with less drain than voidform. But over the course of a fight, you could lose 1-2 VTs. Not to imply its a stupid idea to delay, because its a super common question. The math just works out that its better to have consistently high voidforms at the cost of a single voidform

Plus once you get 4pc you should be able to VT every single voidform, so it matters a lot less. Regardless, always VT the second you can

EDIT: Also the idea of drain stacks being different from voidform stacks isn't really in any tooltips IIRC. I assume because VT is the only thing that affects it anymore, and they dont want to confuse players. But I agree that it is strange that you need to scourer the internet to figure something like that out 
Just start trying stuff. Realistically any choice will be fine for your first go at it. You could even just set up a laptop or old computer as a server and use that to test (if you didn't want to test locally). Java, C#, C, hell, even javascript will all be fine. Just do it and you'll figure out the pitfalls, bottlenecks, and other annoyances and find solutions to them 
Apparently not [link](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WannaCry_ransomware_attack). This says most of the affect computers were running windows 7 (and specifically states the number of XP computers were small in comparison), but the attack still covered all versions of windows including XP. 

I will say that most exploits at this point are covered, but attacks are always possible
If you're using windows in an environment like that, you can disable the updates. I think on more pro versions of windows you can disable them anyway

I agree that linux is a better choice though 
NHS was hacked because of XP. Windows luckily released a patch (even though they ended support). But saying that every hack has already been done couldn't be less true
XP is anything but secure at this point. There have even been recent high profile hacks due to systems being run on XP
Smaller numbers (2-4) of high health targets that die slowly -> amazing

large numbers of lower health targets that die fast -> subpar

Regardless, if you play right you can still be competitive
The most important thing about void torrent is that it stops drain stacks while you're channeling. So the difference in a voidform with VT and without can be 6+ stacks 
Everything I know about (high school) debate boils down to "shout all your points as fast as you possibly can so you can grill the other person on things they couldn't respond to" 
If you're parsing orange, then it's just the pug leaders being stupid/picky. If you have a guild then just run it with them (if you don't, and have the availability that a guild expects then you should get one). Shadow is really good on other fights in tomb and average at most others. A guild will be able to accept that shadow is just bad at KJ
Honestly I feel like KJ is probably the worst fight for us. We lack burst, so the intermissions absolutely KILL our dps. In fact, just looking at warcraftlogs, the only spec that is worse than us on that fight is survival hunters 
All are good, all can have skewed results. The only thing that's true is logs. Just use whatever you prefer 
Is that true? From what I remember, it stops all insanity growth (both stacks, and drain stacks). Back in early Legion, it didn't stop stacks but did stop drain stacks. Now it stops both (IIRC) 
Other people have mentioned how you'll hit 100 insanity anyway, but it's really important to stress that you want to minimize your time out of voidform as much as possible. Pretty much all of your damage happens in voidform, so the longer you're not in it (average over the course of a fight. Don't prioritize lengthening a single voidform if your following ones will suffer), the less dps you will do  
If your mastery is REALLY high (90ish%) and your crit REALLY low (15ish%) just go San'layn until your crit comes up 
> Space Jam really cemented that LT === Cool factor.

Someone writes javascript 
Do shadowy apparitions pass through realms?  
Honestly, just knowing the amount of things completely unrelated to asoiaf he shares on his blog I wouldn't be shocked if he just thought "wow i love this art! I should make blog post with it!" 

(not implying that's what this is, just trying to show grrm is weird with blog posts)
Also stack as much mastery as you possibly can (like, 80-90%) and take san'layn. If you're low on mastery there is a much tighter s2m strat that has you surrender at 90ish%, and one that has you surrender phase 3/4 when Raest becomes attackable again (IMO this one is on par or slightly harder than the normal LotV strat)
I don't know, (ignoring the fact OP said its digital) I feel like this could have been film. I've gotten high quality scans like that before with old and cheap scanners. They were also shot at a low enough iso that you don't notice the grain. [Here](http://i.imgur.com/Eh11p08.jpg) is something I posted in the /r/analog question thread a couple of days ago.

Still learning and exploring the world of photography, though. So its possible I just havent hit that point yet 
Stanford's iOS course on iTunes U is pretty good.

[Link](https://itunes.apple.com/us/course/developing-ios-10-apps-with-swift/id1198467120)
IIRC He was planning to file for divorce. Not sure if thats true though 
Every new ECMAscript version just gets better and better. But the browser lag/inconsistencies are what make me really dislike working with javascript. It feels so wrong to write all this nice looking code only to have it shoved in a 20k line file that'll actually be delivered to the user. 
I have put on gloves before and (after making sure they were clean) squeegied with my fingers. I wasn't sure if that was a good idea though. I have pretty hard water here and if I don't use anything it'll spot pretty badly. I'll experiment a bit though. Thanks for the squeegee warning 
A cheap ION film 2 SD max. Its been all right with some black and white scans, I don't know how well it generally does with color 
[Fujifilm Superia 400, Minolta x700](http://i.imgur.com/mmm6wHe.jpg). I developed this myself with a c-41 kit (ignore the scuffs, learned the hard way that a film squeegee is important). Am I wrong thinking that the color should pop a bit more? I did use a pretty cheap scanner. 

EDIT: Thats probably not the best example. [Here](http://i.imgur.com/y8yS0rP.jpg) is something with a bit more color

EDIT2: I think its my scanner. [Here](http://i.imgur.com/Bzu840y.jpg) is one with the ION Film 2 SD Max and [here](http://i.imgur.com/Eh11p08.jpg) is the same photo scanned with an old HP Photosmart 3200 as a TIFF and messed with a bit in lightroom.  
Because its bad science from a prestigious university. A university that should know better. This is the type of thing that produces great headlines, but ultimately produces nothing of interest. The headline could have just as easily said "People who are medical cannabis patients enjoy medical cannabis".
Not all. The A9 (and below possibly) were made in part by samsung. The A10 and up are not 
Yeah I remember that report. Apparently the Jackson estate came out and said that it's completely false, (and I'm too lazy to do a deep enough dive to find out how true it was) so who knows
Exactly, it's a lose lose for apple. Release newest OS to as many as possible? Slow phones claim forced obsoletion. Don't release to those slow phones? They claim the same thing. 

I suppose they could offer a downgrade if your phone is slow (at least for a short amount of time) but it's always possible they can't do that for whatever technical/logistical reason 
But not for long
Also interested in knowing this as someone who regularly turns off the alarm in my sleep (even though it's across the room) 
The error you posted looks like its from Spinalcrack's Kill Timer (aka the old s2m timer). I'm assuming you have that installed?

EDIT: I'm actually certain that it's that weakaura. I have the same one and its fine. I even went and imported it again just to be sure and its working fine. Try to delete your cache folder and see if that fixes it. If not I have a mild theory as to what could be going on. I went and looked at the actual weakaura code to see the exact line that its breaking at and there really shouldnt be an issue with it.
I have a feeling it was the latter. The office was eerily empty considering they are a fairly large financial trading company. 

The annoying part is after that I really started to doubt my abilities and qualifications. 
I was asked this question and when I didn't have a good enough answer, the interviewers said that I was lacking fundamentals. This was my first interview after graduating 
Technically South Korea says it already owns it, and that its just being occupied by enemy forces. For this reason, citizens of the north are automatically citizens of the south as well. The north and the south are still technically at war
> When Otto returned to Cincinnati late on June 13th he was unable to speak, unable to see and unable to react to verbal commands. He looked very uncomfortable — almost anguished.

God
Quadrant 2 is correct. [Example](https://www.varsitytutors.com/assets/vt-hotmath-legacy/hotmath_help/topics/cartesian-plane/example-2.gif)
You were correct with quadrant 2 if this was a cartesian plane

EDIT: [source](https://www.varsitytutors.com/assets/vt-hotmath-legacy/hotmath_help/topics/cartesian-plane/example-2.gif)
I wouldn't assume the devs don't care about stuff like that. We have no idea what technical limitations they may face (I can tell you first hand that on big projects, seemingly tiny fixes can sometimes require a surprisingly large amount of effort), or other internal things that may take up a surprisingly large majority of the teams time. 

Communication is one thing that I will massively fault valve for. A lot of issues people have with devs can be solved by just coming out and saying why feature X is on the back burner. 
People claim this all the time but I've never seen a real source that's beyond "i was talking about this then it came up later". It honestly feels like confirmation bias. 
You can always shoot in raw, then just save jpgs after the fact for photos you don't want to edit.
Song is 6/10 but story is 10/10
A huge part of apple right now is security. If the permissions were just smoke and mirrors, it would have come out by now. And that would be a huge issue 
Except any ounce of research into double coats will tell you that it insulates them from the heat in the summer. Proper brushing is far more effective than just shaving.

I mean if you have resources that say otherwise I'd change my stance. But I can't see how shaving like this is ever a good idea 
Human vision is a lot more complex than just FPS. I believe the lower frame rate only applies to continuous motion. So 20fps is the lower bound for something to feel natural, as opposed to disjointed frames (if you've ever played a game at 15ish fps you'll know what I mean). My hypothesis is that lower frame tracking is good for object tracking in general. So you could still track an object (say, an animal on the savanna) with less information. 

source: none, so if i'm wrong pls correct me  
thanks me too 
I refuse to believe this is anything other than satire 
Its a development kit. Don't forget what the D in WWDC stands for
AR isn't new. Adding it as a built in developer kit is a lot more exciting
Every iOS dev wanted faster review times. Waiting 2 weeks just to get denied because of some stupid reason is a huge pain
What does that have to do with being American?
That isn't true. I looked up something that was [reported](https://www.whats-on-netflix.com/leaving-soon/titles-leaving-netflix-in-july-2017/) to be leaving on the first (air disasters to be specific). Under details it says "Available until 7/1/2017". Futurama has no such warning on any of the seasons I checked
Exactly. What if he had actually intended on hurting somebody, but called ahead and said "oh hey I get fake calls alot so if someone calls ignore it". Its too big of a risk from the police perspective 
A good iOS developer will have an easier time finding a job than a good Android developer 
Tends to be the opposite. A clearly misleading thumbnail or title (read: thumbnail is almost exclusively cleavage that's hardly/not in the video) attracts a lot more thumbs down, which can really hurt your video. 
Thanks I appreciate the feedback. I'll definitely take all of that into consideration :) 
I've been trying to redo it. Do you have any specific feedback? 
IMO C is fine if you're just working with numbers. Strings are a bitch in C though, and considering a lot of beginner things involve strings in some way, and the way C handles strings is unlike modern languages, I wouldnt recommend it. 

C is great if you want to learn programing the 'hard' way, though 
Its contract. They aren't funded yet, and as much as I'd love to stay I'm broke and worried. If funding comes through it'd be full time. Basically I just want to keep my options open 
What should I have for time? I wouldn't want it to come across as weird that I'm applying somewhere but only have been working with them for a month. Maybe specify that its contract work or something?
ION Trading 
I've been doing work for a startup creating their iOS app. They haven't gotten funding yet, so I'm just doing this while I look for a job.

Should I put this on my resume? If so, where?
Especially considering the console is $300, and you don't need extra anything unless you wanted to play with more than 2 people at a time. At that point its closer to $3/hr
Yeah. There are two(?) other similar lists in the book. I can't remember what they are but I do remember this was the funniest 
That, or enough traffic comes from browsers that don't yet support html5 video (any IE version <9) so higher ups made the decision against switching. 

I'm probably talking talking out of my ass though. The highest metric for IE is 20%, and IE 8 only accounts for about 3% of that chunk (that is, 3% of total browser usage. Or 15% of all internet explorer variants). IE 9+ accounts for much more, about 15% of all browser usage. And those all support html5 video playback. 

I don't know what to believe anymore 
I could understand the ghost part. At least him saying "I had this weird, creepy experience and I have no answers other than ghosts". Post seems like a reasonable guy though. Like if you had the answers for that situation he wouldn't be dismissive of it. I can respect that at least 
He's like the embodiment of the audience 
Thats why its usually "I can save you $800,000 a year, pay me 100,000 to find out how!" ;)

(I realize this was a joke but its 3am and I'm drunk)
[Link to actual tweet](https://twitter.com/washingtonpost/status/865624236618006528)
[Yeah, weirdly](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a3/German-Keyboard-Layout-T2-Version2-large.png/550px-German-Keyboard-Layout-T2-Version2-large.png). I've only studied german in high school, and μ doesn't seem common. Maybe someone who is more familiar can chime on 
Is there a good resource for iOS if you're already comfortable with android?
Chronomatic you never hit 40 stacks of voidform. I noticed you used your first PI at 23ish stacks, the second at 12ish stacks, and the third at 19ish. The third wasn't paired with a VT though. There is a gap of about 20ish seconds where VT is up between your third and fourth. Try to tighten it up so that your voidforms go VT-PI, just VT, neither. (I know with the movement on some of these fights it can be hell, though)

Those are just some things that stick out to me. High parses for your ilvl are around 1mil dps, though. I'm not sure if that accounts for the difference. Some of it might just be the fight length 
Honest question: why the hate for PP?
I've been at a large university in a large city for years and I can say that none of this has ever happened to me. The most in your face people are the frats/sororities asking for money. It feels like this kind of behavior is split between never happens on campus to happens ALL the time on campuses. I don't know what causes the difference 
Mac's use write caching to speed up the transfer of files to the drive. The caveat being that sometimes the data isn't fully copied when you pull out the drive (even if the dialog box says it is). Ejecting tells the operating system to flush the cache and write everything. Windows, on the other hand, has write caching off by default because people tend to just yank the drive out. (If this is wrong or incomplete I'm sure someone will correct me) 

I tend to give windows a lot of shit, but IMO thats a much better design decision. When the dialog box says that the files have been transferred closes you should expect everything to have been transferred  
Not ejecting can still corrupt flash drives on a mac (which he was using). Its incredibly annoying 
Seriously. If you start a group it'll fill up crazy fast. And nobody will (or should) care about your ilvl
Turning your router off for long enough can have the effect of your ISP issuing you a new IP. I know this because the room with my router in my house would lose power often at one point and I would have to check what my IP is frequently if i wanted to remote in to my computer from school 
How does the local wifi-multiplayer connect? Is it wifi-direct? Cause if so, that would probably explain the poor performance. In my own testing I've found wifi direct to hiccup or straight disconnect at distances way closer than it should 
Most of their simulations are pure stats. Simcraft is good for telling if an item is an immediate upgrade or not, or trinket simulations. But trusting simcraft only will lead you to situations where you're massively under haste or way too crit heavy, etc

But yeah it's always a good idea to not blindly follow anything. I guess if you're parsing well, that's all that actually matters whether you're only following h2p or simcraft 
Its not worth it to sim yourself as shadow. Or I should say, howtopriest is a much better resource than sims, due to the work they put in. Simcraft will only look at a patchwerk fight where you never move. The people at h2p take in to account a ton bunch of different (realistic) factors to give the best stat numbers.

I know this because I've asked numerous times on the discord if I should be simming myself while loosely following their guide. The answer I'd get is no, just follow the stat guide on the site
Lower level dungeons will probably be like that. In fact, thatll probably be the case until you get some gear. Shadow priests have a slow ramp up, so we do super bad on targets that die quickly. If stuff isn't dying too fast just take misery and dot everything you can
You're not spending your combo points correctly at all. You are casting mutilate at 5 combo points WAAAY too often. You should never ever do that. Cast envenom at 4-5 to spend combo points, and you should never spend them on envenom lower than 4. Look at the top parse for assassination compared to yours [link](https://www.warcraftlogs.com/reports/tPmgG7fpKvz6B2HL#fight=25&type=damage-done&source=13). Your opener looks wrong. They have better gear but you only got to 1.5m at peak, when they almost got to 6m at peak 
On the official android app just press and hold on a comment for a second or two. iOS just tap to the right of the username 
Do you have a source for that? I was looking at the regulation ([CFR Chapter 14 Section 250.5](https://www.law.cornell.edu/cfr/text/14/250.5)) and the wording makes it seem that they only need to pay 400% of the ticket price up to $1350

> Compensation shall be 400% of the fare to the passenger's destination or first stopover, with a maximum of $1,350, if the carrier does not offer alternate transportation that, at the time the arrangement is made, is planned to arrive at the airport of the passenger's first stopover, or if none, the airport of the passenger's final destination less than two hours after the planned arrival time of the passenger's original flight.
So in other words, if your ticket was $300, they have to pay you at least $1200 for being bumped. But if your ticket was $1000, they only have to pay you $1300, not the $4000
Yeah those are waaaay over market value (market is about 500k). Probably a low pop realm, which means you're gonna have way less people able to buy. 

I use to sell dark moon decks on a low pop realm. I was able to list them for 100k with no competition, but good god did they move slow
I don't think I've ever heard of someone NOT having an internal voice. I can't even imagine that
I gave someone 1k before, only because it's not that much and I remember being in that position a long time ago. About an hour later they asked me again using the same line about repairs and shit. 

Fool me once... 
The world quests in the area during the invasion give anywhere from 250 for normal and 350-500 (I can't remember the exact number) for elite quests
Depends on how much haste your character regularly gets. My haste regularly gets over 100% as a shadow priest. Having a high spell queue makes the gcd window really weird at high haste (to the point that I do much worse). If you're a class that doesn't rely on haste as much, then you're probably right about keeping it at 200ms
Your mastery is low. Too low to use San'layn. AS will give you better dps when your crit to mastery ratio is what it is. [Here](https://howtopriest.com/viewtopic.php?f=19&t=9734) is a post that goes over it. Realistically once you hit around 10k haste you need to get as much mastery as humanly possible. 

Looking at your star auger fight, your voidform uptime is good, your cooldown usage seems good too. Also you had 100% uptime with SW:P and VT so it disappearing may have just been a visual bug (its never happened to me). I think the main thing holding you back is your mastery.
It is annoying. I ended up buying a lightning-USB-C cable on amazon for pretty cheap (not apples). That made it a lot more comfortable. 

Plus, I only plug in my phone to my macbook when i'm charging it or doing iOS development, so even if I did have to use the dongle I could have survived 
Besides, there is no way that the WSJ will sue someone for a video that was removed and corrected for less than a day later. Even if they technically could, they would gain nothing but negative press 
In chrome right click outside of the canvas, go to inspect, then on the right side you should see 

    element.style {
        flex: 0 0 1000px;
        transform: scale(4, 4);
    }

change 'scale(4,4)' to scale(1,1)


Or just inspect element, change scale(4,4) to scale(1,1) (or 2,2 i guess) 
Yes there is an issue that if you cast it again while you're already channeling, it'll cancel. The command 

    /console secureAbilityToggle 1

should fix it
tbh I'd rather have the legendaries that we have as opposed to being dependent on one or two of them
[He gives the full story in their ama](https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/3wfzn6/iama_we_are_h3h3productions_we_make_comedy_videos/cxvwtx3/)
As a scribe who has made tomes for my entire raid (100-200) I actually appreciate that buying the thousands of parchment will go at least a little faster. 

Still an odd change though 
It depends on the class. If you're a class that gets a ton of haste (eg ret paladins during wings, shadow priests in higher voidform stacks) then you REALLY start to notice a higher lag tolerance in a negative way. 
I think i remember reading on the priest discord that that bug happens when you're casting mind blast as you're leaving voidform
I suppose you could put BoP and tricks/misdirect into that category too. (Does iceblock dump threat?) But threat is just something you can't work around for a lot of classes/specs 
One thing that annoys me is that not all classes have a threat dump anymore. It'd be one thing if you just had to be careful and dump threat on cooldown, but if you're a warlock or something what are you meant to do? 
iirc it's actually the largest mall by retail space (mall of America has if beat for most stores)
Wow so there is even more of an incentive to do a 10+ this week.

Why couldn't this be last week...
Shadow legendaries aren't super important. The best are the wrists (which IIRC are getting nerfed a bit). The most important thing for us isn't individual items, but getting your stats in the right spot 
I have metronome and 10.5k haste. The benefits of going up to 12k aren't massive (especially if you need to make cuts to mastery to get there), and metronome procs so often you basically are at 12k just using that. I'm at 5k crit, 8k mastery and 10.5k haste and i regularly parse 95+
FWIW i don't think careful clipping is as important as it was. You should always clip mind flay for void bolt or mind blast but it's not a big dps loss if you clipped it before it ticked again. In fact, it would probably be a dps loss if you delayed a void bolt of mind flay for that tick, since vb/mb generate so much more insanity 
I think it means wasting fof procs (eg casting flurry-ice lance when you have a fof proc ready)
Honestly it depends how far the drop is. If it's too much, it looks like a full diaper. Just enough and it gives all the good parts of skinny/slim fit pants without looking like your balls aren't getting blood. 
I remember hearing the word sexy being used casually on TV when i was younger. Kids don't really think about it. They just assume it's a synonym to attractive (which it is, but obviously with a lot more undertones) 
At least the hidden appearance is different from the rest. Still disappointed in the new one though
Do you have a source for that? I'm a scribe and want to get that glyph asap
Well Reagan committed treason during Iran-Contra and he's seen as a hero of the Republican party. 
Thats really weird. I replied to a different comment, but I'm guessing they deleted it as I was writing, and it just sent it to a different reply. 
Realistically if you use your computer for general purposes (ie general word processing, web browsing, not gaming) then linux is a perfectly viable option. You'll experience some uh... quirks. But if you're fed up with microsoft then it's not bad at all 
Automatic seat belts that were in a lot of cars from the 80s to mid 90s. After the mid 90s they fell out of style 
For target at least it said online that they had some, so I went to the store to check (this was on monday). Asked someone there and she said that they haven't gotten any in stock, and sold out of the ones that they did get on launch day immediately. She also said that the website is weird and isn't accurate. 

[This](https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/5y2nnj/frys_nintendo_switch_qa/) post from yesterday also seems to agree that retailer websites aren't accurate. I suppose its possible that employees are taking them for themselves, but IMO inaccurate websites are equally, if not more likely 
One thing that I've gathered from this is that it saying that its in stock on the website means basically nothing. My theory is that online stock counts update pretty slowly (weekly? every few days?), and only work for items that aren't sold the second they are on the shelves. 
Timewalking dungeons. [Here](http://www.wowhead.com/timewalking) is a wowhead article about it
60 and 89W charger should work fine. The switch maxes out at 2.6a 15v, (39watts). The 29 watt charger would be okay if its sleeping, since its not going to draw that much. But under load you'd want the 60 or 89w charger. Pretty much every battery powered device can step down, but it can damage the battery to give it less than required 
I placed my order a couple of hours ago and recently got an email saying that amazon was locking my account for some billing issues. Called my bank and they said it wasn't on their end. Amazon claims it wasn't able to verify my billing address, but the $1 placeholder charge went through fine. Contacted amazon and they should be in touch with me tomorrow. Hopefully everyone else has had better luck 
Beautiful, thank you! 
Is it just usb-c? Or does the dock have its own proprietary adapter  
This is very true. If you pull the dps you should (or heal what you should) then you can find a guild. Guild recruitment issues affect almost every guild, so it's a players market for finding a guild 
howtopriest.com for priests 
34ms but playing a shadow priest your haste gets high enough where it's noticeable. For most players under normal conditions you won't notice 
    /console SetCVar("reducedLagTolerance", 0) 

should do the trick
There is an addon called AutoLagTolerance that is meant to adjust your lag tolerance with your ping. I don't know how well it works, but I suppose it'd be worth checking out 
We don't have a Frys and I called every target in the area. I guess I'll just have to wait
I went to toys r us at 10am when they opened only to find out that they handed out slips at 9:30 for the line that had formed. The pains of not preordering 
Look into setting a custom lag tolerance. It makes a massive difference 

EDIT: Here is the command for changing lag tolerance:

    /console SetCVar("reducedLagTolerance", 1) 
    /console SetCVar("MaxSpellStartRecoveryOffset", 50)

Change the '50' to be slightly higher than your world lag. It'll make everything feel 100x smoother 
Hm interesting. I've also seen some strange differences between howtopriest and simcraft with trinkets. Personally I trust howtopriest more, but I think whatever you enjoy more just play with that 
Do you know which combo sims better?

Personally I'd go with the first, but mainly because of how high your mastery is. IIRC Whipsers sits above a haste stat stick, and shoulders are above belt, so in theory the second will sim higher. If you're pulling similar dps between all three, then I suppose its up to you. But I'd still aim for a mastery heavy build, simply because mastery scales a lot better than crit now 
There is also a command you can do for lag tolerance. Also you should generally put the number a little bit higher than your world lag

    /console SetCVar("reducedLagTolerance", 1) 
    /console SetCVar("MaxSpellStartRecoveryOffset", 50)

Where '50' is changed to be slightly higher than your normal world lag (50 is probably okay if you are normally at 40 world)
My guild doesn't have drama issues, only recruitment issues. But guild drama effects a huge amount of guilds, and you'd be delusional to assume that it's something that only happens to guilds that act like a 'bitch'. FFS even Method had drama that lead to Serenity
I think I have a solution for this. Go to C:\ProgramData\Battle.net\Agent\. There you should see two folders called Agent.#### with 4 different numbers in both folders. Delete both of those folders, and then relaunch bnet
Getting 20 people for mythic can be hard. It's not as easy as just 'making it happen'. Guilds can be filled with drama regardless of mergers. And after? Every opportunity for drama just gets amplified 
[This](https://aos.iacpublishinglabs.com/question/aq/1400px-788px/can-buy-scantron-sheets_7f5f28ee32a9ae51.jpg?domain=cx.aos.ask.com)
If you get two rings but one has 1200 haste and 700 crit, and another has 1200 crit and 700 haste, your stat weights will tell you which one will give you more dps. After you equip it and your stats change, it's possible that one stat will now preform better than it did before. Or maybe a stat starts to lose value as you approach a certain number, or a different stat gets better the more you have in a different one (eg crit becoming more valuable the more haste you have). So you resim and find that out. 
They're talking about skipping the broken shore scenario. You're talking about skipping the class intro thing that they do to boosted characters (and class trial characters). 

Honestly I wish I knew that you could skip the trial part earlier. Super annoying when you already leveled to 60 and basically know the class. 
Wow thats actually super helpful, thanks!
Could someone look over my logs? I don't really know why I'm parsing so low. I only have 43 traits right now but I don't feel like that would cause me to do that poorly 

https://www.warcraftlogs.com/reports/dYLgTK8xk297JRvD#fight=5&type=summary&start=1083233&end=1367440&source=7
Void form drain stacks aren't affected by time buff. Very annoying in slow phase
I once saw a baby wearing nothing but a diaper walking around alone on the sidewalks in Camden (took a wrong turn picking my sister up from a concert). It was 1am
Get out. 
This is exactly why i never liked super mario 64. Every level feels like an ice level 
My issue was when he turned it into "relationships like that are really positive for people, especially in the gay community" 

It's one thing to have a personal experience like that and say that you benefited from it. It's another to claim that it's an overall positive experience because of that 
You can always try to get into a heroic EN group. They usually go pretty quickly (and if they're asking for AOTC just download that fake achievement addon). Or just make your own, but be ready to actually lead the group

The gear slows down around the high 860s. Unless you find a guild that has normal nighthold on farm and is willing to feed you gear, its going to take a little more time to get to the 880s
The fact that they never acknowledged it made it even better
Around 10.5k, but I have metronome equipped

[Here's my armory](http://us.battle.net/wow/en/character/burning-blade/Arothira/simple)
Personally I tend to hit around 80ish (single target) stacks for s2m on a target dummy and 75ish for boss fights. If the stars align you maaaay be able to push higher into the 90s but don't expect it.  

On 3 targets with highish crit and AS I've almost been able to get to 3 void torrents again (around 120 stacks). But its not easy.

Aim for mid to high 70s for single target and you're probably good
It'd also allow them to introduce sub-races and have everyone take advantage /tinfoilhat
What rule? Should they not have uploaded?
I've probably made around a 1mil gold with inscription (selling glyphs and darkmoon decks) this expansion. They better not gut my money maker 
They're talking about mobile apps
It's not that dramatic. Our best legendaries help but not in the sense that if you don't have them you're shit. 
AS is better with those stats. There is a post on howtopriest, but basically if Crit/(Crit+mastery)>0.5, then AS wins out (there is a little more to it than that but you know)
Is there any reason you didn't take surrender for Krosus? 
I'd say that the vast majority don't think about it, and if they're glad it's because of social reasons. 

With that said, I'm circumcised and I don't really care. I mean i guess it's weird that someone just decided to lob off a piece of my penis when i was born. But it works just fine and sex+masturbation feel good, so I don't really care. 
IIRC Skorpyron isn't counted in those overall logs because of the amount of AoE in the fight

I'm not trying to say that you should always look at heroic fights. Just that we don't have enough data at this point in time for mythic fights to be reliable. The mythic logs don't have Gul'dan, Elisande, or Star Augur at all. Nobody has submitted parses for those fights on mythic. Even Botanist has a super low amount of parses. The class with the most is shadow priests at 46. 

You may have issues with padding in the heroic logs, but you have the opposite problem with mythic logs right now. There just is not enough data 
I don't think we're at the point in nighthold where the padding is that bad. But considering the mythic race is still happening, the early fights are going to be represented far more in that then the later ones. Gul'dan won't be on that list at all. Its just too early in nighthold for mythic to give good enough data.

Heroic on the other hand isn't a joke for most guilds, but not so hard that you'll get a low sample rate. In a few weeks time, mythic will probably be the place to look for rankings. 

EDIT: For example, the mythic Krosus fight has 1 parse for survival hunter, but its listed as 3rd in damage for that fight 
IMO mythic nighthold isn't the best place to look for rankings atm. Heroic will give you a better sense, if only because there are a lot more parses in heroic 
Exactly. Runway models are almost meant to be "human clothes hangers" 
I think you posted this under the wrong class
Holy shit I thought my computer/internet/lag tolerance was just messed up. Somewhat comforting to know this is an actual issue and not just me going insane 
Exactly. Its fun to say that someone paid 9million for a pizza, but the reason bitcoin is worth what it is now is because it was legitimized by stuff like that
Suramar in general tanks my fps. I suspect it's some lighting effects, or particle effects. Still very beautiful areas/raid though 
"I love you Hila"

"All right"
Don't put that curse on us 
Haha get it? Child abuse and rape! Comedy gold!

I don't even understand all these pedophilia 'jokes'. It's not 'dark comedy'. It's not 'edgy'. It's just gross and sad 
Unions and the death penalty aren't 'scandals', just democratic positions. I wouldn't call the Bush tax cuts a scandal, even though I think they were horrible in every way. 

The whistle-blowers I wouldn't call a scandal, but it's not great. Pardoning Chelsea Manning helps ease that sort of. I mean I understand why he didn't pardon Edward Snowden (and honestly I would understand even if he was republican). I wish he did but it's more of a negative part of his presidency instead of a scandal

Benghazi I also wouldn't call a scandal. To be honest I've heard so much contradictory information from both sides that I'm just going to admit that I feel like I don't know the truth about it. 

The gun running is what I'd call a scandal. It's honestly embarrassing just as an american that that happened. How that horrible plan ever got approved I'll never know. 

Don't lower the bar for scandal though.
The issue is that ios can only play one form of media at a time (music, video). Since gifs are now videos, it hijacks the media controller. The issue is deeper than programmers not caring what gets streamed to the airplay device 
I wouldn't say its not working as intended, but working in a non-ideal way. Its streaming the video from the device to the apple tv, unlike the chromecast which just streams the media directly from the source. The unintended side effect is that 'gifs' are now videos without sound. I suppose they never considered that somebody would load another video to play just on their device while streaming. Or it was just way easier to have it the way it is as opposed to building in the functionality to play two videos at the same time (considering how rare it would be that you'd want to have two videos playing).

The best solution would be for apple to change the way it handles these 'gifs'. From this, to having them stop the music you're playing, to other annoying situations, they've been nothing but a headache 
Huh, interesting. I've been genuinely curious about the distaste of using the word 'female' recently. In my mind it sounded relatively innocent but I suppose I never considered the dehumanizing aspect of it. 
I have a windows desktop, linux laptop and a macbook (the new one, no less). They all have their own personal merits. But I didn't buy my mac just to say "I have a mac". In fact in the tech sphere I probably get more shit than anything for having a new macbook pro. But I like my macbook because:

1. Its a unix environment that works out of the box with very little configuring 
2. OSX/macOS is a really nice operating system from a UX point of view. Windows 10 isn't bad but something about it just rubs me the wrong way. Not enough to switch or even complain about, but you know.
3. Its a good looking, well built laptop. Yeah there are others that are good looking and well built, but the macbook just ticks all the right boxes from my point of view

This isn't meant to start a fanboy war or anything. The new macbooks have plenty of downsides. The touchbar is pretty stupid, usb-c is REALLY annoying at the moment (the adapter meme isn't a lie), and apples weird way of saying "We know what you want. If you want something else you're wrong" does irk me. But I like it. If you don't like macs, don't buy one. If you have a thinkpad or a dell or HP I would never give you shit.
I go to temple and have lived around there. You honestly don't need a gun. Very rarely is there violence against students by non-students, and when that happens its a huge deal. As long as you don't go around picking fights and screaming in the street at 3am every night, nobody is going to mess with you or even care. The 'locals' (I hate using that word but you know what I mean) may dislike or even hate the student body, but Temple and the Temple police are so quick to defend the student body to the maximum extreme that they can that you can consider yourself pretty safe 
Just because the powerpuff girls reboot isnt as good as the original doesn't mean that cartoon network is worse than it use to be. Honestly I'd argue that its much stronger than it was when original powerpuff girls was airing 
Interesting, I didn't know that. My gut feeling is that with overpowered, it would be even more beneficial to hold your arcane missiles until after your arcane power is finished (unless capped). That way you can take advantage of the 70% mana cost reduction while trying to get as many missile procs as you can. Does the damage boost from amplification outweigh that? Or am I wrong that you'd save that much more mana by saving arcane missiles with overpowered
Personally I didn't like quickening. Or at least the idea of holding out to get 50 quickening stacks. It felt cheesy and not the way blizzard intended on quickening being used.

> Even then mana still doesn't matter since you only need about 30-35% Mana to do a proper burn phase since you use arcane missiles during arcane power now.

I'm confused, wouldn't you arcane missiles during arcane power in 7.1 anyway?
That's exactly what i figured. Dad wants to wear a wig for a costume, buys a bald cap. Mom says "why did you buy a bald cap, you're already bald". Dad says "not completely bald. I don't want to shave the sides of my head". Queue argument 
whoops that's what i meant, thanks
Its not so much "get paid to do what you love" but "find something that pays that you enjoy doing". Its not about making your no1 passion in life your job, but about being able to enjoy the work that you do 
American Dad was good while it was in Fox too. It's more that the writers made the conscious decision to focus on character development and character driven stories instead of the typical sit-com type stories
If the last phase has a hard dps check then s2m will probably be the default choice. But you lose enough dps outside of your surrender phase compared to what you would have in LotV for it to be worth it otherwise (especially considering how much shorter surrender is now)
s2m isn't worth it on fights less than4 minutes, honestly
[Here is a post on the elvui/tukui forums about it](http://www.tukui.org/forums/topic.php?id=38728)

tldr: its not elvui, but some blizzard elements that are messed up. Elvui just accesses them at load time so the crash happens faster than it normally would if you weren't using it
[Here is a post on the elvui/tukui forums about it](http://www.tukui.org/forums/topic.php?id=38728)
[Here is a post on the elvui/tukui forums about it](http://www.tukui.org/forums/topic.php?id=38728)
Try deleting your cache and doing a scan and repair for wow in the bnet client
So its looking like s2m is only worthwhile on fights <4mins (which I'm honestly okay with)

Is auspicious spirits worth taking for LotV?
I was in the middle of researching something and it finished (although it was almost done so I'm not sure if it just finished)

Started the level before the 2 legendary one. Its 5 days to complete. Legendary research will that 7 days. So it looks like it was cut in half
I was AK 6ish (I think) on my mage with 2 being researched. Sent my mage the compendium, got to 18 and the 2 I was already researching were sitting there ready. 

I just assumed they were being helpful and got me to 20 like that. Maybe its a bug though?
I have every glyph in the game posted all the time (unless the price on the AH is lower than I want to post at). I check for undercuts several times a day and cancel and repost whenever there are some. Its tedious but the profit margins are crazy high
I've made tons of gold this expansion through professions (inscription, even. one that most people consider useless). Its very possible to make a lot of gold, you just have to know a little about the markets. If a profession isn't profitable, then don't take that profession.

For example: alchemy. At least on my server, so many people switched to alchemy and so many people are trying to get their rank 3 flasks that everyone is selling at a loss. I was considering switching from inscription to alchemy but the profit margins with inscription are crazy high compared to alchemy. It just requires a lot more upkeep
People were already freaking out that nothing had been posted yet. At least now there is something, even if some numbers are missing
The only way to stop people from using things like simulationcraft is to get rid of all secondary stats. You dont *need* to sim your stuff. A casual player can easily say look at a guide and say "oh I should focus on haste, then mastery, then crit. Okay cool" and do all right. But if you want to maximize your dps, how else are you meant to know if its better to add 1% haste at the cost of mastery, if its better to cut some haste for more crit, etc. 

Don't hate the game balance. Hate the mentality that if you don't min/max, you're garbage and shouldn't even be considered for a normal pug regardless of ilvl
I think it'd be more correct to say "apple has no interest in what the pro market actually is, only what they believe it to be"
IMO the shadow changes are great. It's so nice to dot a bunch of targets but only have to keep on one to keep dots up. Plus the cleave means that for 2-3 targets our dps looks amazing. 

When I did tests on the ptr i did more damage than i did on live with the same gear. Plus it was easier without feeling "dumbed down". I'm very excited
IMO don't compete with other parses. The only reason to look is to see if you're doing anything wrong in the fight. If the difference is only procs and BiS legendaries, then you should feel pretty good about that. 

Personally I try to compete with the group that i'm in at the moment. I want to walk away with the feeling of "I was the best in the group. I pulled my weight more than anyone else". I know i'll never be the best in my class. Or even the best priest on my server. But being the best dps in my group is something I can aim for
It's stupid. Realistically 70%+ should be good enough. With the amount of parses, the difference between getting 95 and not is just getting good procs
If you're concerned about privacy then putting an always-on microphone thats connected to the internet and owned by an advertising company shouldn't even be a consideration 
I'm 850ish arcane right now. When I put my stuff into simcraft, is it assuming I'm doing the barrageless quickening rotation, or the normal burn-conserve rotation?
Mythic recruitment can actually be tough on low pop servers
We don't know but people are speculating the 10th 
My mage hit 110 about a week ago and I'm at 850 right now just from doing some world quests and getting crafted gear. Other people have mentioned the AK catch-up too. So basically its very possible to switch mains
You can use some type of nameplate addon (I use the one that comes with elvui, but there are plenty of stand-alone ones) so your dots will be easier to see above enemy's names. If you're letting single-target dots drop off, you can set up weak-auras to alert you when the dot is getting low.

If I have to move I'll usually cast pw:shield on myself, stop to cast mind blast if its up (especially if I'm in void form) and then keep moving. Mind blast and void bolt are the most important to keep on cooldown. Basically I'll move during the 'filler' phase of casting. (Of course if you NEED to move right then, then its better to just move and take the slight dps loss you'd get from moving rather than risk death) If you're moving into a big trash pack, I'll usually just start casting sw:pain on everything I can until I feel that I'm in position.

If you have any other shadow priest questions feel free to ask me or add me on bnet: Demon#1234
All good :). I would have assumed I was wrong too, had I not caught that r/askscience thread the other day 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terminal_velocity#Physics

https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/5k3mv8/why_do_skydivers_have_a_greater_terminal_velocity/?
Mass changes your terminal velocity, though 
People buy fake followers, but someone like Hillary Clinton (or any other public figure of her notoriety) would never need to. Fake accounts follow big accounts to make they fake accounts look more credible. Pretty much every big account will have a number of fake followers. I think it was said before that 50% of Justin Beiber's followers were fake accounts at one point.

Regardless of what you think of Clinton, I couldn't imagine that shes sitting there saying to her staff "I need to hit 11million. Get me 2million more followers by monday or else your fired. Everyone knows that the election is won through how many twitter followers you have"
You could probably make 20k max in an hour on my server
Swipe to the left in the control center (on the iphone). I keep forgetting that they separated these menus for some reason in iOS10
It works the same way that the now playing screen works on the iphone (the menu when you swipe up). 
Easiest (if you have a mac and an iphone) is to just mirror the iphone display to the mac and record it on your computer.
I have legitimately gotten something for free because it wasn't scanning. Candy at 11pm in a convenient store and it was very obvious that the person didn't care. Just plopped it in the bag and said "well I guess its free then" 
Probably only if you're a firefighter. Unless you're trained and have the proper equipment, you're only putting yourself in danger (and potentially putting the people inside at greater danger). As grave as it is, it's better to have one person die than to have two people die
I'd rather see a mid-model tower/desktop unit as opposed to an all-in-one style iMac
I'd say that there is a market, but its probably not as big as some think. The market would be someone who wants a desktop with more power than the iMac, but doesn't need as much as the Mac Pro. Basically a middle ground between the mac mini and the mac pro.

The main issue is price point. Ideally, a $1000 desktop (no monitor, etc) with at least somewhat comparable power to a windows desktop would attract some people. Especially if it had a powerful enough graphics processor (which is one of apples biggest weaknesses, IMO).  But I don't know if apple would release something at that price point anymore.
IIRC 'people of color' is a catch-all term for anybody who isn't white. I guess it sounds better than 'non-whites'
Its fun. Probably around the levels of wrath in terms of fun. People complain about certain things, as they always will (right now its the legendary system) but IMO the game is the most fun its been in years
Probably either a boomkin, elemental shaman, or a shadow priest. All three have heals and all three do decent to great in pve. Among them shadow probably has the lowest survivability. I don't pvp so I can't speak for that sadly. 

You can always make a trial character to try out the rotations if you want
I haven't played a ret paladin in legion but I've played a lot of range classes. What is it about ret that you like?
Feel free to add me

Demon#1234
NP-Hard
Okay now I'm very interested in this. The paradox correcting quality of the time sphere implies that without some way to correct for paradoxes, time travel is impossible. Fry becoming his own grandfather doesn't present a paradox, because he was always his own grandfather. Infosphere-Fry coming back to warn Nibbler could have been corrected by his quick disappearance once he altered time causing him not exist anymore. (Just rewatched the scene. He only disappears when he actually tells Nibbler that Scootypuff Jr. sucks). Every time travel instance via the time code is corrected.

The other two versions of time travel later presented is via the crystalline opal, and traveling beyond the current universe to nearly identical ones in the future. Traveling future presents no paradoxes, because you're never going backwards. The crystalline opal is a little harder. You could argue that the alternate versions where the United States lost the revolutionary war and the pre-bender "don't tread on me" flag versions only existed as theoretical timelines, and the act of distupting the past collapsed those into the singular that we experience. Either way we're not really given enough information.

The one major inconsistence that remains is the fact that when Fry goes into his mom's dream, its during a timeline where Lars apparently doesn't exist. And unfortunately you can't explain that away by saying the movies aren't true canon, because in the episode with the crystalline opal somebody calls Fry Lars by mistake.

(At this point I'm well aware that I'm trying to put too much explanation into what is actually a time-travel related plot hole) I think that if you wanted everything to fit you'd have to assume that paradoxes arise only when traveling backwards in time while still being affected by time. Otherwise it'll cause a 'split' in the timelines at the point where the paradox arises. So the mom that had the dream that Fry went back into was the mom from the timeline where Fry never escaped the infosphere. The other explanation is that by some butterfly-effect, the events that take place in All The Presidents Heads (crystalline opal episode) caused Lars (and possibly the events of BBS) to never exist in some way
The ONLY time that an alternate timeline is mentioned at all (or rather implied) is the infosphere episode. The fact that Fry went back to tell Nibbler about the scootypuff jr, created an alternate timeline where he got out of the infosphere. Its possible that this is the only time that an alternate universe exists because Fry and the brains were outside of time itself, and the normal singular timeline rules don't apply in the same way. But even that event you could argue is part of a singular timeline.

If you wanted everything to fit as written, you could say that the ending to Jurassic Bark happens in the timeline where Fry gets trapped in the infosphere, and thus is unable to return via the time code. After the infosphere episode we're now in a timeline where he does escape, and therefore able to return via the timecode to be with Seymour again. 
Or use a wireless keyboard and mouse for filming that he can keep close by
How do you analysis logs? I have a bunch of logs on warcraft logs but when I look through them I'm not exactly sure what I'm looking for. Especially for s2m it feels like so much happens at once that it's hard to process 
IMO for mythics they're not a bad idea to use. Its just that they're not very attractive. Getting a boost in a stat that most people couldn't care less about for only one boss a week just doesn't feel worth it for most people.

Maybe lowering the mat cost will drive the price down enough that people actually start using them. I think if they were 300-500g then it wouldn't be an issue. But on my server they're going for 3000-6000g a piece. Thats more than flasks for not nearly the same amount of time. 
My favorite is when I pop surrender on il'gynoth early so that I can be at high stacks going in, but someone didn't pull the blob to the eye so I have to sit there not being able to enter voidform yet...
I'm actually excited for the changes. I do way more dps on the ptr than on live. I can pull 880k+ dps on the 3 target dummies in the priest order hall and the rotation is the same as single target. I hardly even need to refresh my dots on the other two targets.

Sure, surrender times are lower (nearly cut in half, from what I can tell) but I'd much rather move away from surrender. Nothing is worse than doing half the damage/dps that you could do just because you misclicked, lost target, out of range, or just weren't facing the right way for whatever reason. 
IMO its not *that* bad, but its clunky and not very fun, while being necessary on single target fights. Adding something else you need to keep dotted just adds a layer of complexity (which isn't too bad if you take absolute corruption, but much more annoying with contagion). Also, due to agony's huge ramp up time, if you need to recast it at any point its a dps loss. Since it never moves, fights like elerethe renferal, or any fight where you have a hard target switch, affliction will just end up worse off. 

IMO if it followed you around and had the ability to mirror its damage onto whatever you're targeting (somewhat like a pet, I suppose) it would be a lot better. But I'm also assuming thats way more complex to implement.
Did you boost your character? If so, when?

I ask because I boosted my priest sometime during WoD, and also a mage. My mage has all broken isles FP, but my priest didn't. Some places imply that boosts net you the FPs but maybe thats only if you boosted after a certain point?
Exactly. I'm having fun with the game (more fun than i've had in years) but posting "hey everyone I'm enjoying myself. Some things may be a little annoying but overall i'm having fun!" won't exactly garner attention
Arcane is a lot more engaging than it was in say, wrath (where the rotation was basically cast arcane blast 3 times then arcane missiles). It's now based around conserving your mana and then doing bursts where you burn through all of it, cast evocation, then go back to conserving. Still a lot of arcane blast and such but more interesting than 1-1-1-2 forever 
**<Dishonored> - Burning Blade - US (Horde)** 7/7 H EN 3/3 ToV

Dishonored is a guild that has had 7/7 H EN on farm the past few weeks but we are lacking in numbers to get an easy transition into Mythics. Our first and only night of attempts we had Nythendra to 16%. We unfortunately had a number of raiders have schedule changes in RL that have made raiding not really an option anymore. We are a weekend raiding guild that makes the most out of our Saturday/Sunday nights.

We would like to recruit a few 865+ DPS (Ranged pref BUT not disregarding melee) 1-2 Healers 1 Tank with a DPS Off spec

**Raid Times** (Server Time) EST Saturday 9:30 pm - 1:00 am Sunday 9:00 pm - 12:00 am

If you are interested or have any questions please feel free to message Darxhavoc, Jeko, or Jutz in game for some more information (or shoot me a message here if nobody is online) 

We look forward to hearing from you!
(I'm assuming) Passing out because he's high, possibly heroin 
I'd enchant it anyway, unless gold is tight. My neck enchant is probably a 5% dps increase (and sadly you can sit on that 840 piece for way too long) 
Probably around mid-high 850s. If you can play your class well and have experience in EN then that's the most important factor 
Actually I think it's to keep both apps somewhat manageable from a development standpoint. The facebook app is huuuge (the ios version has over 18,000 classes)

Plus it allows for some independence between the two apps. For instance you can delete your facebook but still use messenger. Or use messenger as your sms app on android. Splitting them was probably the best decision that facebook could have made, not even accounting for marketing 
Rain makes curly hair frizz up like craaazy. So its more like "Not only will I get wet, I'm going to look terrible for the rest of the day" 
9:1 sounds accurate. When I tank I'm usually 90% above the next person 
IMO picking a priest healer now is safe. Holy has always been able to hold its own and if they're disc then they're probably not terrible, seeing as they stuck with it 
**<Dishonored> - Burning Blade - US (Horde)** 7/7 H EN 3/3 ToV

Dishonored is a guild that has had 7/7 H EN on farm the past few weeks but we are lacking in numbers to get an easy transition into Mythics. Our first and only night of attempts we had Nythendra to 16%. We unfortunately had a number of raiders have schedule changes in RL that have made raiding not really an option anymore. We are a weekend raiding guild that makes the most out of our Saturday/Sunday nights.

We would like to recruit a few DPS (Ranged pref BUT not disregarding melee) 1-2 Healers 1 Tank with a DPS Off specc

**Raid Times** (Server Time) EST Saturday 9:30 pm - 1:00 am Sunday 9:00 pm - 12:00 am

If you are interested or have any questions please feel free to message Darxhavoc, Jeko, or Jutz in game for some more information (or shoot me a message here if nobody is online) 

We look forward to hearing from you!
Probably holy priest ring 

EDIT: Cloak, not ring
Once 7.1.5 launches you'll be able to buy up to AK-15 (2850% AP) instantly with order resources, so that'll help immensely 
Mine has done this for nearly a year. I've heard of android phones doing the same. Putting my phone into low power mode 100% of the time helped a lot. My theory is that certain applications are a little too liberal with their usage, and the jump in activity doesn't play well with older batteries
I'd also be interested 
Or most of the player base HAS to pug them, and it's probably the best source of loot in the game right now. 

I'm willing to bet that if you asked every person pugging m+ why don't they just run it with friends/guild members they'd say they don't have anyone to run with 
I just recently started using TSM and didn't immediately notice that the prices were per item, not per stack. So I go to buy some roseate pigment and suddenly I'm completely broke (from 70k to 800g). Wtf? 

Then I realized I just bought about 2000 pigments by accident... Whoops 
I've gotten 3 from WQ chests. But I also haven't run as many mythic+ as some people, so there's that
I've used it for withered training and i can confirm that it at least works there. Although it doesn't give me a buff or anything, but it has saved me from death 
My computer isn't even great and I don't experience the bug. Whatever is causing it is obviously something strange. Possibly something with a video driver, or something in the windows build.
I think you mean $1700, because "upgrading the storage" means buying a new laptop
Your haste is sorta low. If you haven't, check out [this](https://howtopriest.com/viewtopic.php?f=19&t=9268) post on howtopriest for shadow stat weights (specifically the 9.5k haste one).

Barring that just make sure you have the rotation down. Your talents look fine. You may even pull more dps running void lord and legacy of the void while you wait for more haste gear to drop (especially considering your crit isnt bad)
Shadow priests scale really really well. At lower item levels your dps can be sorta low but it'll shoot up. If you post your stats I can probably tell you what the issue is
Most of the people I've seen have been freaking out that hitting the 3rd void torrent is basically impossible single target without considering what 3rd void torrent means in the current build (a useful baseline for s2m length). Blizzard is obviously trying to move the power out of s2m, and as long as we're still a viable dps spec, I'm okay. I'd be okay if the MASSIVE variance in parses is eliminated even at the cost of a slight dps decrease. It is sorta annoying to basically lose 50-100k dps because I had a bit of lag at 50 stacks. 
**<Dishonored> - Burning Blade - US (Horde)** 7/7 H EN 3/3 ToV

Dishonored is a guild that has had 7/7 H EN on farm the past few weeks but we are lacking in numbers to get an easy transition into Mythics. Our first and only night of attempts we had Nythendra to 16%. We unfortunately had a number of raiders have schedule changes in RL that have made raiding not really an option anymore. We are a weekend raiding guild that makes the most out of our Saturday/Sunday nights.

We would like to recruit a few DPS (Ranged pref BUT not disregarding melee) 1-2 Healers 1 Tank with a DPS Off specc

**Raid Times** (Server Time) EST Saturday 9:30 pm - 1:00 am Sunday 9:00 pm - 12:00 am

If you are interested or have any questions please feel free to message Darxhavoc, Jeko, or Jutz in game for some more information

We look forward to hearing from you!
Probably votebots all voting very quickly to abuse the /r/all algorithm, trying to get him 'legitimate' karma as to not be banned for posting spam

source: absolutely nothing, I pulled this out of my ass 
Which sounds great, except every uniqlo near me only stocks 34 length, with the expectation that you'll get them hemmed. 

I mean that sounds super practical for every party involved, except I want my pants now, not a day or two from now >:(
Stupid silicon valley gets all the cool stuff...
me too thanks 
Something's not quite right....
Extreme but I do agree sorta. Too many ad ridden apps on the play store, too many shitty phones filled with bloat. Its stupid that an update has to go from google to the manufacturer to the carrier before a user (IF a user) will ever see it.

Sure you can spend time researching and come out with something amazing with android, but I simply don't care about my phone enough to put in that work. 
People tend to scoff at that mentality but I agree 100%. The difference between a good android experience and a bad one can be night and day. But an iPhone is an iPhone. 
Okay thanks. The issue is most likely just that I need to practice more and get a feel for it.
Should I be using contagion with soul effigy? I feel like a lot of my issues would be resolved if I didn't need to keep corruption up on both AND UA on the main target 
Most people practice s2m on the training dummies in Ashran, since they can be brought within execute range pretty easily. 

3rd VT is just about maximizing dps. Due to mass hysteria, you'll end up doing a crazy amount of damage in your upper stacks. The difference between falling out at 95 stacks and hitting the 3rd VT can end up being 50-100k dps (or 1.5-3mill damage, assuming you die at 125 seconds)
I main a shadow priest but I've been leveling my warlock recently. Currently at 105. What is the spec most people are going for? I don't care for the way that demonology plays (seems only good for single target fights with little movement. Plus seems to lack aoe unless I'm wrong). I played destro in mists and really enjoyed it, but now it seems to only excel in cleave situations. Affliction seems nice but when I do single target tests on dummies, keeping 100% uptime on both the enemy and the soul effigy (plus keeping UA close to 100% uptime on enemy) seems really tough.

Does destro get better with gear? Am I wrong about demo? Is affliction as clunky as I feel?
There are a lot of good people in there. I think shadow being good for once has gone to some people's head though. 
Got my second legendary on saturday, third on monday. I guess RNGesus heard me complaining about legendaries when i didn't have one... 
Shadow got huge AoE buffs though. Plus our insanity generating abilities now generate more insanity. I think we'll see the end of 120+ second s2m (and thus the HUGE execute numbers), but it looks like they're trying to transfer the power to other talents/abilities. 

I think the general sentiment on the priest discord is "we have no idea oh god please don't let this be bad"
The only thing that bothers me is that I'm spending so much more on food and burning through augmentation runes (repair costs suck too). I wish that stuff could persist through s2m death 
Eh it just takes practice (which thanks to the 10min cooldown is annoying). Before that it's just maintain vampiric touch and shadow word pain, cast mind blast on cooldown, mild flat as filler. void eruption once you hit 100 insanity, then void bolt and mindblast on cooldown (prioritizing voidbolt over MB) until you fall out of void form. Then repeat until you can surrender 

s2m only gets hard around 80ish stacks, and once you know how you need to switch things around with you SW:death and mind blast/flay then hitting your third void torrent isn't too bad. 80% of it is getting comfortable with the high drain stacks 
I'm a scribe and tomes sell for 500-600g per on my server. Which sounds great, except when you consider sallow pigment is ~350 per pigment and roseate is ~20g per. (these are AH prices. Mill prices are around ~250 for sallow and ~15-20 roseate). It ends up that you'd make next to nothing selling tomes 
I'd argue that she's most definitely a feminist, but that doesn't mean that shes isn't also very abrasive. 
Well, sort of. You can always write a compiler for your own language that will basically just compile it to a different language, and then compile THAT into assembly. So basically My Language >> C >> Assembly


"Nearly died" is a bit of an extreme but the Ballmer years saw big profit gains at first, shrinking into obscurity towards the end. Even shrinking into obscurity is a bit of an extreme. 
They're great. Nothing as satisfying as knocking a big chunk of food loose with one. They tend to be more effective than floss too. 

Downsides: upfront cost and I noticed they tend to splash (not badly, but a bit of a mist effect in front of you). Would recommend though 
The only numbers I care about when I heal is me compared to my other healers. And that's only to make sure that I'm pulling my own weight and not sitting leagues behind everyone else. As long as everyone is alive numbers don't really matter
You'll need the achievements listed in Broken Isles Pathfinder part two:

Broken Isles Pathfinder, Part One

Explore Broken Shore

Breaching the Tomb

Defender of the Broken Isles

Legionfall Commander
No, you don't need one. I played with the standard UI for years and did fine. If you're having moments where you're thinking 'Man, I wish I could see X easier' or 'I'm having a really hard time keeping track of Y', then consider looking into addons. Otherwise, I wouldn't worry.
There is no reason. You don't even need to die, just talk to her again right after starting it and you can end it
You're probably being hyperbolic but you would never want that much haste for s2m. You want to stay within the 10k-12k haste mark (32%ish-35%ish). I'm at 10.5k haste right now and can hit my third VT consistently 
So that your next void torrent comes at lower drain stacks. If you disperse twice (once at the beginning, again after PI) you've effectively cut the drain stacks by 12
Oh boy...
Saying they're only for netflix and facebook is too much of an understatement. The are powerful computers. I mean just my base model macbook air handles all the development work i throw at it without a single issue. 

You did hit the right sentiment that they want them to feel like luxury devices though. A housewife who just uses it to browse facebook and watch netflix will be more likely to buy it because it feels like a luxury device. 
People dislike it because you pretty much need to take it to maximize your dps. I like the talent but I can completely sympathize with somebody who would rather not feel the pressure of timing it perfectly, plus the pressure of being basically perfect at higher stacks (or even if you just don't like dying at the end of every fight, which IMO becomes more annoying than immersive after a while)
There is an add on called autolagtolerance that should help fix this. Personally I've had mixed results, but my ping is also 30ms. There is a thread on howtopriest.com under the shadow general that talks about all of this (i'd link it but on mobile)
I just set up a cast sequence mouseover macro for my dots and put it on the back button of my mouse

    /castsequence [target=mouseover] reset=5 Vampiric Touch, Shadow Word: Pain


You'd almost be better off just getting a refurbished macbook/macbook pro/air. 
The biggest thing is the sense of "I expected more from you, apple". Aiming at professionals isn't bad, but leaves normal users in the dust. $1500 starting is just too much for most people for the base model. And $1800 if you want the touch bar? No price drop on the macbook? It comes across like apple just came out, said "hey our laptops are gonna be more expensive" and walked off stage. Especially after the months of waiting for a refresh, and microsofts event yesterday. 

I don't hate the touch bar, and don't hate the port change (although it's annoying, but switching standards is always painful). The price point is a huge let down though 
I have a feeling the touch bar will become one of those things that once you have it, you really start to love it and would really miss it if it's gone. If you don't have it though you couldn't imagine why you'd need one. 
I think they announced earlier this year they were discontinuing the displays 
I'm actually very surprised there wasn't a price drop for the macbook. I was happy with the event until the prices... 
Just scroll through the thread and look at all the people freaking out about the touch bar. Thats why 
For real. I'll see something and think "oh thats neat". Come here and see everyone just saying "omg /r/cringe. wow apple is dropping the ball"
What everyone said about drinking is great, but also don't be afraid to use Apotheosis. You'll save a lot of mana and your hps will shoot through the roof 
The short answer is that people believe that macs are better for creative work, so the idea perpetuates itself. There was a time where macs were just better, due to software. The gap has closed though with most software being cross platform, or at least having an equivalent on the other machine

Honestly if you ask me, windows has been better for creative work for a good while now. Being able to select from a wider range of good hardware (especially graphics cards, which macs are suffering in) is enough to put them ahead. Plus there are some tools in fields like engineering that only exist on windows. 

I'm a total apple apologist but I never understood the whole "get a mac for creative work" thing. Sure, garage band is neat, but a windows machine pulls ahead in far too many areas 
I was a pug in a guilds first run through EN last week. We wiped a ton on the first boss, and had a ton of other pug players leave after one wipe. But honestly i enjoyed raiding with them and listen to them figure out the right way more than i did speed running the entire raid with a different pug shortly after. Sure we only killed one boss in the time it took for the other group to clear all of EN, but I'd still take the learning group over the quick one
You can buy multiple stacks by adding a comma after the number. So 

    /run BuyMerchantItem(14,100) 

buys 10 stacks of dreamleaf
So if i was using enemy grid but not mouseovers (so i'd just click the enemy name then cast normally) am i okay? Or is that part of what is broken? I haven't had a chance to check it out yet
Neutral 'they' is better than dehumanizing 'it'
Generally if i know i'm going to go into s2m after my current void form drops off i'll save it. It's too useful if a drain delay to have it majorly off cooldown when you go into s2m. 

That said, it's not terrible to pop s2m if you're have a few seconds left on the cooldown for VoiT. Inside s2m you should of course be using it on cooldown (and immediately as you enter void form) 
Is shadow crash worth it for m+? Also if i'm running LotV should i grab void lord or is reaper of souls still default? 
It's a pretty big jump in dps. When i first got it i went from 170ish to 200kish. Whether it's worth the respec depends on how annoyed you'd be with having to farm that 80k again. 
 
Well no class is going to be on top for every single fight. The fact that shadow can top the charts for 3/7 fights is enough to count them as great. In fact, for 6/7 of the fights shadow priests are in the top 3. Ursoc, Cenarius, and Xavius are just the fights that are completely dominated by shadow priests. 
Shadow is doing well in raids, probably middle of the pack for dungeons. Surrender to madness is insane when it comes to dps. On 1-3 targets we do really well with multidotting. High aoe less so. 

Holy is in a good spot for healing. Basically the archetype of a healer. Good emergency heals and a high capacity for healing people through their own mistakes

Disc is good but with a higher skill ceiling. If you're good with disc you'll do well. But it is a bit tougher to get into compared to holy. 

All in all priests are in a pretty good spot 
This is probably a joke but I'd totally buy a rose gold macbook pro
Well it doesn't answer the question. Can you? Yes you can. We don't know anything about legendary drop rates so we can't really say whether one is more worth it than the other. 
It's reliable enough but always use some judgement. Mastery > crit > haste > vers for holy, and after you have the top-most gold trait (blessing of whatever) you'll really want your crit to be close to your mastery. I think you want to aim for 30%ish crit, 30%+ mastery, haste to your comfort level (i've heard 12-13% to cause renew to proc an additional time? but other holy priests are saying never cast renew). I've had 8% haste and felt okay. 

EDIT: here is the pawn string for holy you should import (from the howtopriest discord) http://pastebin.com/tbBBbs9F
PA. It's probably an insurance thing but i'm not in a spot where i can switch at the moment 
Mine are $60 for 30 pills with insurance 
Its the [Shadowcast Tunic](http://www.wowhead.com/item=31717/shadowcast-tunic)
It's due to the use of the concept of racism as an academic/sociological concept versus the common definition of racism. When most people talk about racism they're using it to refer to the dictionary definition of racism (i.e. hating someone because of race). If you were talking about it in an academic setting considering the sociological implications of race, the concept relies heavily on the power struggle. 

In reality language is used to convey a point. And if the person is using racism to mean "this person is being a dick because of race", then you'd understand the meaning without being pedantic about the underlying power struggle. Arguing on the internet about definitions is such a waste of time 
[This](http://i.imgur.com/AQt6GjL.jpg) is currently how my priest looks. I don't think they care about looking ridiculous 
As the expansion progresses, darkmoon decks become almost the only way to make real money with inscription. Part of that has to do with how annoying it is to make. If they were easier to craft, scribes would have an even harder time making money 
Damn sallow is 300g each on my server... 
It's just supply and demand. You get sallow from herbs. More herbs are about to flood the market. Therefore everything that requires herbs will go down in price. Therefore sallow pigment will go down. 

Sallows arent hard to get but it's about to get a lot easier, and the market will reflect that 
I have a 64gb SD card that sits flush against the slot for extra storage. Not a typical use case but it is nice considering you can't upgrade the storage 
How do you figure out your own stat weights?
More specifically [TED Radio Hour: How We Love](http://www.npr.org/programs/ted-radio-hour/301821915/how-we-love) which features this TED talk 
On top of that pay attention to your healer. I've healed a bunch of M+ and it's really annoying when the tank is speeding through and i'm way out of range and out of mana. If the healer is close and drinking you can pull (be aware you may not get heals for a few seconds) but trust me if you pull and your healer is not ready at all you'll lose way more time dying than you would have saved by pulling faster
Translation?
Your haste and crit is really low, and your mastery is too high. You should be stacking haste till 12k, then focus on crit. As your haste goes up you'll be able to hit longer void forms. Usually you can get to 40ish stacks before the drain is too much outside of s2m
Do you go s2m on m+?
Check out the discord too. Lots of helpful info and people 
In case anyone didn't see, there are new stat-weights/breakpoints for s2m. Published by the great people over at howtopriest.com last night. [Basically the haste breakpoint is 12k](https://howtopriest.com/viewtopic.php?f=25&t=8941)
You should actually stop getting haste around 12k haste 

[source](https://howtopriest.com/viewtopic.php?f=25&t=8941)
Saw you post this in the priest discord. I'm still jealous 
Is there any video resources or something like that you'd recommend? I'm 853 holy, and have basically been holy from BC. I want to get more into disc but it feels awkward. My heals feel really weak compared to my holy spec (largely wearing my shadow gear for disc, 30% haste 27% crit), and finding the balance between when its okay to dps, when atonement healing is good enough, or when I need to start spamming shadow mend just feels lost on me. 
Oh wow I didn't know this. This is actually really cool
I believe it does. One bonus roll per week per boss 
Even code? I've never had an issue downloading things from github (although i do find it odd to host a pdf on github)
More haste or more mastery? My main problem with how low my haste is is that I'm afraid that i'm too dependent on flash heal
So in raids I should be casting heal a lot more? I haven't run too many raids as holy yet this expansion 
Basically when there is a lot of sustained high damage. So you can cast 2-3 flash heals and then serenity (or prayer of healing and sanctify). It can bring your HPS to insane levels 
Is there an add on or something that can track their defensive cooldowns? 
The icy veins holy priest guide has haste as a really low stat priority. I think my haste is around 13% right now (846ilvl) but it feels so low that i don't feel like i ever have time to cast heal as opposed to flash heal (heroics and mythics, mainly). I'm not really having mana problems but it still feels like my haste should be higher. How are everyone else's stats looking?
Is there an add on or program that'll let me test stuff like that for myself?
I promise most people on the left are the types to be screaming on the internet that you're not using the correct pronoun or anything like that. They just seem to be the loudest 
And catering to the right isn't? Catering along political lines is always shaky 
ilvl is more important. If you have 2 relics of the same ilvl thats when you consider the traits more
The dummies in Ashran can be brought to execute range 
If you go to Ashran the dummies there can be brought down to 1hp relatively simply. Whenever i'm testing s2m that's where I go 
To be fair, it's posted every sign day ad nauseam. And every single day someone says that it has nothing to do with ditto
It does. I had to turn them back on to see my Xal'atath whispers
It would be SO cool if we got some quests related to Xal'atath as shadow priests. Especially after the "we must prepare". I want to go on a crazy journey of killing/absorbing like in the actual weapon quest. Plus i want to believe that i should doubt what its saying 
On my server the price of glyphs out shadows the price of herbs. The only downside is you have to be aggressive about undercutting with glyphs. I've probably made 100k+ just on glyphs 
The last M+ i ran i only got artifact power. RNG hates me
I can't even find a good guild, let alone a good group
Minor question, should I be dpsing as holy in 5mans? I use to heal as holy back in wrath and only now doing it again so I don't know what's expected 
I don't think i've seen a glyph for more than 10k on my server. And I've been pretty aggressive about posting my glyphs
Okay perfect thank you 
Are their numbers for boss fights only? (assuming these numbers include trash)
They also may be running Legacy of the Void instead. If you have higher crit or you're running heroics/mythics it's a bit of a better option 
"I wonder how my old guild is doing. I wonder if they remember me, the great paladin Wednesday, buyer of the charter. I bet they only have good things to say about me.

...Oh nevermind"

-Wednesday (different reddit username though)
No, just tried it. Signed into icloud.com, it asked for the two-factor code. Below the field where you could enter the code there was a link to find my iphone. Clicked that and it took me right to the find my iphone screen without entering the two-factor code
A change I'd really like is for Mind Spike to generate more insanity. Or possibly more insanity/damage outside of void form or something like that. Basically make the time outside of voidform feel less painful 
What's wrong with shadow priests?
During the first week or two of this expansion I was actually making some okay gold with the new glyphs. Sadly I think a combination of market saturation and people already having their glyphs is starting to happen and hardly any of my glyphs are selling

I think I may just start saving everything for darkmoon cards but I was hoping there was something I was missing 
Is there a good way to make money as a scribe that isn't just posting as many glyphs as possible and constantly undercutting everyone else? 
I've found myself more comfortable with disc for leveling + world quests. The dps is obviously lower but you have so much more survivability. 
This is the advice i was looking for. Thank you 
It is an elvui thing. Like the other person said just right click the chat and turn on NPC whispers or something along those lines. It was doing the same thing to me 
I really hope things get better for you. I can't even imagine what thats like
Weird third act though 
I've been telling people that I want a Frank Renolds burial for a while now. Nobody seems too keen on the idea
I agree 100%. People keep saying that people will just buy wireless headphones. To me that's like a company no longer allowing you to use a wired mouse because "who doesn't have a wireless one these days?"
Khadgar
The plan currently is healing off spec, but I might try out leveling as different specs to see if I like any of them more. Loving shadow but voidform can be awkward for leveling 
It doesn't FEEL like you're doing anything when you cast it, but you have to cast it all the time. So in tern, I don't feel like I'm actually doing much at all when I'm playing demo

I suppose thats a hard balance to hit, in blizzards defense. How can you make a spec that revolves around summoning things to do damage for you still feel like you're the powerful one 
Its really sad. The green fire quest is what made me so excited for legion. Going through all of that as a level 90 made me FEEL like a warlock. I felt like I had to have a perfect handling of the class to actually finish the quest. So when I heard they're trying to bring back class fantasy, I couldn't have been more excited to continue that feeling

But something just feels off about my warlock. I really hate spreading negativity, but I'm just not having fun. Demo feels like its ALMOST there, but its clunky. Casting demonic empowerment all the time really isn't fun. Destro is okay IMO, but feels rather empty. It feels like the devs sorta forgot about it. Affliction isn't terrible but I'm bad so keeping up dots isn't easy

Currently 102 and picked shadow for my first artifact. What should I pick for my second if my goal is to heal some groups and (maybe) raid as a healer at 110? I use to raid mildly seriously as holy in wrath but I haven't read any of the holy legion changes 

EDIT: Realizing this is probably more suited for the healing thread 
Yeah most of this information was just based on my assumptions/experiences. The stupid PA laws make everything really weird
Its easy! You can only get beer at beer distributor or at certain restaurants that sell alcohol (really they're bars that have food). The beer distributor can't sell you anything less than a 12 pack, while restaurants/bars can only sell you up to 12. If you buy more than 12 at a time at the restaurants/bars, you need to take the first 12 out to your car, then come back to get the rest in two separate purchases. Beer distributors are only open till 9pm and I think have weird sunday laws too. Bars are open till 2am though

Wine can only be sold at state stores (Wine and Spirits) or select other stores that I suspect have to qualify for some form of winery license. So wineries can sell to you, and certain grocery stores are starting to be able to (this may be due to the laws loosing a bit, or the parent company owns a winery. I'm leaning towards the former)

Liquor can only be sold at state stores. State stores are usually 11am-9pm, and 90% are closed completely on sundays. State stores are also not allowed to sell beer at all. 

I mean I don't see what everyone is complaining about. If you're planning a party, for instance, you first go to the grocery store to get your food and hopefully they now sell wine. Then if you wanted liquor you head to the wine and spirits (god help you if its sunday). Then you head to a beer distributor for a case or two of whatever you needed. Then you can head to that bar that makes you reek of smoke for any 6 pack of stuff that you need.

Simple!
!Debunked
The biggest thing people worry about is the startup bubble bursting. When 80% of startups fail, the question of "how long can this last?" is on everyones minds 
I've actually had it done to me. It seems stupid but I've honestly never gone from totally cool to fueled by rage faster than when I had someone clap an argument in my face
Exactly. People who are doing the UI/UX for these sites know that its not a good experience. But whenever I see an autoplaying video, or a pop-up to sign up for their newsletter, or any other UI/UX faux pas I can just hear a clueless upper level manager saying "Well you have to add this. People want to see X, so make sure its there. Oh and add Y too. Its good for our numbers" 
This is actually a massive issue right now by an old airbase near where I live. They wanted to convert the area into a town center type thing, did water/soil tests and realized that the entire area is contaminated. 

[Link to an article about it](http://www.philly.com/philly/news/20160822_Air_Force_alone_in_halting_use_of_foam_that_tainted_wells.html)
Blizzard actually has been known to come here, although I'm not sure if the blizz employees that come here are the ones that could make this happen
Eh I don't think it's *that* sad. Photo-realistic paintings were sorta made redundant by photography. Not to say that photo-realism isn't incredible from a skill point of view (because it seriously is), just that art tends to be more than raw skill. 

Art is weird because of how much context can play into the value of a piece. It's like if you're watching a competitive game of some sort and somebody does something differently for the first time that gives them a massive advantage. Perhaps this particular thing was so revolutionary that it became the norm from then on. (eg: Using the mouse and wasd for quake, or the league of legends lane roles). If you're an outsider, it can feel like "okay, so what? They just moved around where they start out. How's that a big deal?" 

EDIT: With that being said art is so extremely subjective that you shouldn't worry about what others say is good or not. If you like something and it elicits a feeling, then that's all that matters. Whether it's a hyper photorealistic painting of an old man or [crayon scrawled across a canvas](http://www.philamuseum.org/collections/permanent/85713.html?mulR=1235960738|3)
I spend plenty of time looking at terminals and programming and I agree. Pure black just... hurts. Personally I like a dark blue, but any darker shade works. Pure white or pure black is painful 
I'm on Sargeras doing invasions on a 92 rogue. The PVP cleave kills me nearly instantly
There should be a check mark by where the flair thing normally is on the right side that'll say "show this subreddits style"
> A $250 million expansion - starting 21/2 years ago, but conceived more like five years ago

Wait so, 10.5 years ago? Or did they mean 2.5 years ago? Or 21.5 years ago? or 21-22 years ago? I'm confused 

edit: This was a genuine question
Well more legacy than marketing (although I'm sure thats a factor). Phone batteries are still in a range thats more acceptable to be in mAh. Especially older phones. Its really easy to see "20,000mAh battery" and compare that to your phone, which is probably in the range of 2-3k mAh. Especially if you're somebody who doesn't understand what an ampere is, let alone an ampere-hour expressed in thousandths. 
I don't understand though. When the soldier-guy-whos-name-I-forget radios in and tells them she escaped, Amanda Waller then stabs the heart a bunch of times. Why not just destroy the heart right then and there? Or at least when you start to realize that things are really going south with the whole "trying to convince an ancient god to fight crime for you" thing. And if it had something to do with the fact that Enchantress changed into that goddess type form, why would she ever switch out of it? 
Agreed. Even with the legion stuff I kept wondering if there was a cinematic, or quest that I missed that shows Gul'dan summoning the legion in the Tomb of Sargeras. Then come to find out that its only covered in the audio drama (which I did enjoy). I feel like something that important should be covered in game. It would be like if you logged into the game once Cata started and everything was all messed up without ever showing Deathwing's return
If you're serious, swipe to the left or right when the screen flashes yellow and you'll dodge 
Yes he does. He's /u/mrgrim on reddit


I guess 4000 years of culture and identity does a number on your ability to be critical of said culture and identity... 
Honestly the "keep spinning" likely has nothing to do with ditto

I've done my fair share of game development. Its not really cutting corners. Its not like Niantic is sitting on their hands. They are currently completely redesigning one of the core features of the game a month after launch. Any second they can buy in development time is one they're gonna take.

For stops they had two options: 

1. Bring in Ingress locations and add to them when possible
2. Create a completely new way of designating what should be a stop or not using whatever data they can get from google maps (I don't know how Ingress did it initially, but I assume it was something like this). From here scatter pokestops in areas that have little. 

The second option introduces the possibility of stops being in areas where you would not what players to be (and have the developer be a potential liability). If you exclude the idea of littering pokestops where there aren't many, then the problem still exists of "how do we know where to place stops when we have little data".

The safest, best option is for people to submit areas for stops and have a team review them. It lets you know that people are in that area and want it there, and you can keep stops that would be in dangerous or restricted areas out. Obviously pokemon go is a bigger game than Ingress was, so importing the data isn't a perfect option. In an ideal world the app's launch would have gone perfectly, and they could have opened requests for new stops shortly after launch. But after server issues, worrying about each new countries launch, broken tracker, and all the other little bugs, new stops are low on the list. 
I'm sure they thought about it. But they can cut a huge amount of development time by just pulling the data they already have. If they completely redid everything everyone would just be saying "wtf they already have a game just like this thats actually fleshed out. Why wouldn't they just use that instead of doing the same thing again?"
I mean I wouldn't say that people are saying that "its not a problem". More like "this is expected". Its become clear that, at least at this moment, the game is meant to be played in higher population areas.

I wouldn't be surprised if Niantic starts taking in new stops soon(ish) like they did with Ingress. Obviously they have a ton on their plate right now, and new stops are less of a priority. 
http://imgur.com/gallery/Mj4Fl
Good point. That alone is so nice
The grass is basically only 10% of the new tracker, though. The new system is in beta at the moment.
Its part of the new tracker they're rolling out. Most people just have the grass, which effectively is the same as before. Others have the full new tracker, though (which IMO looks really nice).
The only time I care about subs/dubs is trying to switch from one to another (for a particular show/movie). If I see something dubbed first, the Japanese just sounds weird. Same with the reverse. Whatever voices I hear first are the "correct" ones in my mind 
And [here](http://www.radiolab.org/story/edge/) is a radiolab episode about her and the flip 
That is exactly what I was thinking of 
Maybe thats a safety rule? I know there are other olympic events where certain things are illegal simply because if a bunch of people started doing it, it would be a safety issue
0.5mm diameter [source](http://www.issf-sports.org/theissf/championships/olympic_games.ashx)

EDIT: I'm dumb, thats the size of the 10 ring. Heres the actual [target](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/d9/0b/a5/d90ba5e07a7666dbd1728bbec597b092.jpg) with a rule next to it
Whats the point of the blinders in the shooting events? Is it a rule, or a focus thing?
Iraq is playing like the only way they can win is by playing dirty. Brazil is playing like they deserve to win, so why play fair?
I actually think it's having an incredibly negative effect on most people who come here. The complaining keeps feeding into itself. Last time I went out I encountered way more Pokemon than I normally do, my catch rate felt exactly the same, and I noticed that distance on eggs was way more accurate. But coming here makes you think that the game is literally unplayable in its current state
IANAL, and all this information comes from wikipedia, so I could be wrong

From what I can tell, the ruling of the supreme court case Montana v. Kennedy states that any person born to a US citizen father and foreign mother outside of the US after 1855 is automatically a citizen. They also ruled that the inverse (US mother, foreign father) became possible after 1934. They use the language "inherited citizenship" in the ruling to describe the child's citizenship, so I'm assuming that implies natural born. So from what I can tell, Obama would have been okay if he was born outside of the US (although it would have been a slightly more legitimate line of questioning, IMO) 

Other food for thought: From further reading, it seems that people described Ted Cruz's citizenship as "not an easy question", though. 
Well the vast majority of times your phone turns off, it won't be because it was stolen. So that would add a layer of annoyance for nearly everyone. On top of that, you could just force shut it down (hold button and lock button). You can't get rid of that, because if the phone's operating system locks up you'd have no option other than to just wait for the battery to die. Even if they did add password protected shutdown, people would end up just quickly opening the phone and ripping the battery out. Stolen iPhones are pretty much only good for parts anyway. 

 Its really shitty that if your phone is stolen, even with all these new and fancy ways of finding it that they can just turn it off and have you in the dark. But with the phone essentially useless after its in lost mode, it does cut down on that incentive. 
Feels more like a traditional RPG. I have a few characters that I try to play really slowly to take in everything that I'm doing. But old habits die hard and I find myself blowing through the quest text without reading.

Obviously this would get annoying for dailies and stuff, but its neat if you are searching for that more traditional vibe to pull you in more 
\#RaveDitto
Agreed. It may not be the most obvious name, but plenty of subreddits have names that only make sense if you consider where they came from (for example, /r/wheredidthesodago)

I like the name 'findingditto'
Massive shoutout/thanks to /u/validproof. I really commend all the effort you've put into trying to solve the mystery of ditto and on surviving the amount of mention messages you must get. 
I'm being sincere. Its obviously possible that he faked everything, but I personally think that all the potential screw ups on Niantic's part seem consistent with the company that we currently know. Also, the fact that its been this long without a single legit ditto lends itself more to the idea that ditto simply isn't in the game at the moment. 

Obviously we won't know for sure until either Niantic says something about ditto, or something else is uncovered. But for the time being, I think its safe to assume that this video is at least mostly truthful, and there is no easter egg in finding ditto 
It would be a weird turn of events if they were actually telling the truth, but this weird "Pokemon being replaced by other Pokemon" bug is the cause of it. I'm actually more inclined to believe them after this video...
This video sold it for me. Some details seem a little shaky but I think it comes down to the idea of what's more likely: 

1. Somebody faked everything shown here, from the actual ditto to support emails (even going as far as giving a 1 star review to make it look more legit). Ditto is still out there but nobody has found him at all. 
2. Niantic screwed up 

Considering how many people are playing this game, I think if ditto was actually out there that somebody else would have found him by now.
If validproof is Cash, then he's been playing the long con. I trust that he has been nothing but truthful with us, and honestly I really commend all the effort he's put into finding ditto in pokemon go. I don't think we should turn on him
Its confirmed to work but trying to do more than one of the same evolution doesn't work
9 slots fits on a grid nicely though.
Okay cool it updated now. Just didn't wanna keep adding and deleting some random person haha
Is the snapchat username just AlexVernov? I haven't seen anything 
The Marina Joyce thing was actually CRAZY popular. The video that she posted that everyone is talking about has almost 30mil views. This is a channel that was getting 500,000 views total a month, and for July she got 76million views on her channel. Leafy and Pyro both did videos on her, IIRC. A bunch of other popular youtubers also posted about her too. 

To be fair, though, I didn't really know what was going on until the h3h3 video
Shes a fashion youtuber whose videos have gotten... strange over the past couple of months. Recently she posted [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FqhFUbtpiB4) video (which the h3h3 video was parodying) and her fans started insisting that something was wrong, and that she was possibly kidnapped or being held by an abusive boyfriend or something. Philip Defranco did a couple of videos about it if you wanna check it out [first](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4q6kDEA_-90), [second](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZrU3TjXByE), [interview](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vYj8YsfhYBA).

Its easy to just say "wow she has some crazy fans" but honestly she is acting REALLY weird. I wouldn't be shocked if she is in a manic episode or having a schizophrenic episode or something. 
Because this is a mobile phone game and thats a little extreme
IMO people are upset about the lack of communication more than the actual fact that we don't have a tracker right now
I think the main issue is that nobody knows why. If its bugged and has to be off for a bit, then thats fine. But the lack of communication is really frustrating people 
They ARE blowing it. Complete lack of communication, getting rid of stuff for what feels like no reason at all, and tons of other frustrating things. I'm in the suburbs and the first week pokemon go was out I would see TONS of people out playing. Like, 30-40 people at 10pm. Ever since then I've seen less and less and less. Last night I went out and saw probably 5-10 people over the course of 3 hours. 
Its gone for iOS, apparently (not showing up for me either)
Actually are these rocks part of the particles you see when someone is battling a gym?
[Unity isnt my engine of choice, but I think this is right](http://i.imgur.com/VDHrk3f.png)
rekt together, without a doubt 
Apparently they have no idea how the /r/all sorting algorithm works either. The AMA isn't on the front page because it was pushed out by a separate post from the same subreddit.  
This post pushed it out for the page 1 spot
Not only that, but everyone in there is acting like screaming boyband fans.
It was pushed out by the AMA media information post. This post is sitting at 64% upvoted, while the media one is at 79%. This post is currently sitting on page 2 of /r/all
tldr: Nobody knows where ditto is or how to get it. 
From what I understand, the unevolved forms may have a lower attack value, but the evolved versions are scaled in a way that you get less attack per CP. So if diglett's CP is 70% attack (I don't know what it actually is, just making up a number) 30% the rest of the stats, but dugtrio is 40% attack with 60% other stats, then at max CP the diglett will end up doing more damage than the dugtrio. The catch, of course, is that you're a glass cannon 
Well by 'in the game' I mean I wouldn't be surprised if niantic made his encounter rate 0 because ditto is bugged or something.

Also, did the data-miners figure out the other region exclusives before they were announced?
Some thoughts:

* I don't think the pester ball, or any combination from the menus has anything to do with finding ditto
* I don't think that the "keep spinning" has anything to do with ditto either. It was most likely meant to be taken at face value
* I also don't think that making a pokemon laugh has anything to do with it
* The possibility that ditto isn't actually in the game now for whatever reason is high. I mean its not like we were told that ditto is attainable and/or is related to an easter egg
* I do think that the camera is probably our best lead at the moment. I think its possible that encountering a starter has a small chance to be a ditto. I also like the idea that ditto has the chance to appear during a different encounter and is hiding (although probably not true)
* Another interesting theory I had was to take an actual screenshot when you find a starter when you're still on the map view. Unlikely, but maybe we'll see a face change or something?

I think people should be careful about going down the rabbit hole with different theories. If ditto is actually available via an easter egg then its either one that nobody has tried, has a very low chance to happen, or a combination of the two. 
It takes a certain amount of lying and deceit to get to be one of two major candidates for the presidency. Considering Trump's proficiency with media, and his own public image, that should raise flags about his honesty. 

I mean if Trump speaks to you and you think that he would be the best person to lead this country for the next 4-8 years, then please vote for him. I'm not here to scream about how Bernie was cheated or how Hillary is innocent. But I mean don't assume that Trump is some saint that's free from all the evils of politics. 

EDIT: Also I realize you're probably trolling a bit, so if you want you can edit the html so it just says something like "HILLARY IS LITERALLY A SAINT WHY DO YOU PEOPLE HAVE TO BE SO MEAN" and post it everywhere for karma. I won't even call you out.
Honestly every political party is like this.
Pretending Trump isn't corrupt doesn't make it true. Corruption doesn't exist solely in politics. Saying that Trump will make a good president because of policy X or Y is one thing. But by no means is he pure 
I think it's simple, but has a low chance of happening. Like 1% of bulbasaurs turn into dittos when photographed, or something. 
Yes, taking a picture with the camera item during an encounter 
http://askubuntu.com/questions/159491/why-did-the-command-make-my-system-lag-so-badly-i-had-to-reboot
I actually have a different theory that I'm gonna try out tonight, which is that you can 'check' if a pokemon is a ditto by opening the camera and seeing if the eyes change. Possibly a long shot, but this happened in pokemon snap. I'll post if I uncover anything
IIRC the creator of the show said that there wouldn't be any more fight club-like reveals. So I think it's fair to say that Ray is very much real 
Eh I'm okay with affliction being all about dots. It feels very thematic to what affliction is. I have noticed that the spec requires a lot more work now. Trying to maintain 100% uptime on curse of agony, corruption, and siphon life on two targets while also keeping unstable affliction up as much as it can be is certainly more work than the previous rotation... 
The first few seasons are just endless references to 80's sitcoms. It probably would have been funny if you grew up with those shows, but those episodes did not age well at all. 
It was cancelled in 2001. Brought back to fox in 2005 after huge success on adult swim
I just rewatched it and couldn't see anything. The scene that ends with Craig Robinsons' character saying "we're a lot more alike than you think", correct?
IMO the latter camp would enjoy the show a lot more if they binge watched it after it aired. I know I'm right in the middle of "oh god just tell me what's happening" and "holy shit this is amazing" 
When you're transferring a ton of stuff, going down and hitting that transfer button happens without you even thinking about it. I've definitely transferred stuff without meaning to just because of muscle memory 
I noticed with Zubats that if you throw harder than you think you have to it's easier to catch 
Oh don't get me wrong, I'm not running around bragging about 12k haha. I've seen enough posts on here to realize that 12k is nothing. But coming from someone who never had an interest in gold it feels like a lot. In wrath I would sometimes only have enough for pots and repairs for the week
I still don't understand it. Here I am sitting on 12k on my main thinking that's a lot... 
Game dev is probably the worst of all the tech fields. Its difficult, mentally demanding work, which is a positive for some except you're under insane amounts of pressure at nearly all points in time. The hours are insane compared to other programming (or tech in general) jobs, but the pay does not match that at all. During crunch you can easily work 70+ hour weeks. Games are also huge projects, so testing, bug fixing, and QA are not at all a trivial task. 

Compare this to your usual programming job where you make more money, work less hours, have a less stressful environment, and the projects can be just as rewarding. If you're interested in game dev its best to just stick to indie games where things are slightly more relaxed

Game dev is a field invented for masochists  
[This is the exact entry for the face in the unicode standard](http://i.imgur.com/vO647qq.png)
I'm trying to find a real source but [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/3q2rrw/can_we_talk_about_snapchat_quality_on_android/cwbnt9x) is a comment that claims that this is the case. This also doesn't have a lot backing it up, though. My google searches are frustrating, seeing as the results are mainly about how to take screenshots of snaps. 

There is also [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/3q2rrw/can_we_talk_about_snapchat_quality_on_android/cwbwhnn) post in the same thread with some comparisons. I'm considering running a few tests myself to see if its true
I'm certain that that was the issue. This was during a hackathon, and my first experience using android. So the thought process was "Oh we'll just use this intent to take a photo! Cool now lets load the photo aaaannndd... white screen. Wtf is happening". Add in very little sleep and a small issue becomes a huge one
Not sure if this is allowed, but this isn't actually my channel but rather my sisters. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BwC9hshsYBY

She's been making videos for a few months now but can't seem to increase her views at all. So any feedback that I can pass along to her would be appreciated 
Invest in proper lighting. Lighting can make your videos go from a 'filming in my living-room' vibe to something more professional. 

Also your camera has this sorta... fuzzy feel (I'm sure there is an actual word for that)
Your comment may have been a joke but honestly frustration with the Android camera may be a factor. I've worked with the Android camera a bit for a project with some friends. We encountered a weird bug where parts of the app would crash when we tried to display a photo that we just took within the app. Apparently the photos were so big they were crashing the view. 

Now of course this was my first Android programming experience, so I was pretty terrible. Plenty of other apps handle photos perfectly fine, and Snapchat has no excuses for not being one of them. But I could see them encountering issues like that and just saying "Fuck it, just take a screenshot. We'll fix it later" and never actually fixing it later.
They also really dislike Android. IIRC the Android version of snapchat doesn't even take a photo, but rather just takes a screenshot while the camera view is open. This causes a potential big drop in photo quality 
Net neutrality is more about content providers not giving preference for one site/product over another, IMO. If you say that you can listen to spotify as much as you want without it using your data, then you'll be alot more likely to use spotify over another music streaming service. Just as you'd be more likely to use something like hulu over netflix if content providers gave much faster speeds to hulu
Meme police over here
Ever been in love? A lot of fucking happens
This is exactly what people need to realize. T-mobile is more or less incidental in this. This could probably be done with any company that allows the purchase of a blank sim with phone activation 
The way that he describes it is the very real way that actual hacking happens. Its hardly ever sitting down and coding some crazy virus or something. Most of the time hackers just get the information they need by asking for it. 
Took my phone into an Apple store today because I thought something was up with my battery. As hes looking through to see if any apps are draining more than they should: 

"It looks like more than half of your battery is going towards this Alien Blue app"

"Yeah that sounds right"

"Are you sure? Thats extremely high"

"I'm surprised its not higher"
That happening to me is honestly one of my biggest fears. I have crazy vivid dreams all the time. The type where you fall in love with someone, only to wake up and realize they were never there. I can't imagine an entire life of that. 

[The story, for reference](https://www.reddit.com/r/Glitch_in_the_Matrix/comments/30t9kd/repost_a_parallel_life_awoken_by_a_lamp/)
Adding an animation like that would be, on some level, be supporting using the app while driving. I think it's best to stress that this is meant to be used on foot 
Leaving after you get the "it's safe to leave" message still counts as a loss. You just don't get punished for leaving 
Damn and here I was thinking I'm crazy badass...
I am also a (computer science) research student and I have the base model 13 inch macbook air. (i5, 4gb of ram, 128gb) It works perfectly for everything I do. The only things I wish were different were the screen resolution and hard drive space. Turns out Xcode takes a massive amount of space (10-15gb, and IIRC you need Xcode for things like gcc)
Oh my god Sam is so great I love it
lmao Sam with the inconspicuous pack job 
Jaime with that wildfire level burn 
I'm really enjoying it so far
On Christmas eve, no less. It was his gift to all of reddit. The joint feeling of disappointment and relief 
I actually think thats what makes it satisfying. If you're just a show watcher, you wouldn't think much of Euron at all. He just sorta seems like a tool that got Yara and Theon to Daenerys. Him showing up at first wouldn't feel very threatening at all. But show that he not only has magic, but will use it to whatever end he can instantly gives both Yara, Theon, (potentially) Daenerys, and everyone watching that we vastly underestimated him.
I'm not 100% on dragonbinder, but assuming that bookEuron is as important as people are assuming (in that he will be the next main evil after Ramsay) I think we'll see magic of some form from him.
I have a theory that Euron will show up at slavers bay and potentially use dragonbinder this episode. It may sound like wishful thinking but:

1. We know bookEuron is important and tied with magic to an extreme level. We haven't seen this yet in the show. Show Euron just makes dick jokes and doesn't realize how long it takes to make boats. So either they're not gonna have Euron use magic ever (unlikely), or they'll have to do a reveal that shows that this is who he is. What better time than ep10. 
2. Everytime Daenerys is in a good place, something bad happens. Or rather something to keep her from going west. 
3. Showing the magic now will have the greatest impact, because even most people here expect showEuron to be not that important

So I think Euron will show up to slavers bay, Yara and Theon will be all "hehe nuncle nice try but we have this fancy dragon queen and dragons. I don't think your big dick will save you now". Everyone will sorta just have that feeling of "Oh sure, dumb Euron is gonna do something? Bitch she just used her dragons to defeat a mass of slavers! Not gonna happen". Suddenly dragonbinder. Suddenly her dragons are not as scary. Suddenly we see how scary Euron is, and his ties to magic
If they combined the first rave video on ethan and hila and this one into one long video it would have been perfect
You could extend it further and say that his self immolation caused the UK to leave the EU
And/Or MH370
A lot of people use Tinder for a confidence boost. If I were to play armchair psychologist, I wouldn't be surprised if this person has nearly no self worth due to the situation and is looking for anything to boost that. Couple that with a cry for help, and you've got this situation.
SRS has a rule against submitting np links. They have bots that track votes and a strict rule that you must have the posts current total in the title 
When I got the new video notification and saw DJ Khaled in the title I was so excited.

But I guess watching Klein Family Adventures is good too
Short answer: Androgynous
Someone will correct me if I'm wrong, but IIRC keeping your wrists straight helps a lot. I have my chair high enough that when I rest my arms my wrists are straight with my hands on my mouse and keyboard. I also have them spaced so I don't have to turn inwards towards them. Basically my mouse and keyboard are exactly where my hands rest when they're on my armrests 
I think that Sansa wrote to Littlefinger. Just in my scenario, when we see the approaching army we're to think "Oh this must be Littlefinger responding" but in reality its other northern houses coming to their aid independent of the letter. 
Maybe its just my overwhelming desire to see Rickon live, but I feel like he isn't going to die. I wouldn't be surprised if we see Ramsay using Rickon as a taunt to Jon during/before the battle. Dangling the still alive boy in front of his family as a way of saying "Hes right here. All you have to do is get past my entire army. Good luck". He could feel invincible from all the Mary Sue plot armor that he's had. Right when the battle starts to go south for Ramsay and he realizes that hes going to lose, he grabs Rickon in an effort to actually kill him. Right then Shaggydog leaps forth and violently murders Ramsay. 

I feel like that fits the "Ramsay gets killed by being fed to dogs", and "Shaggydog's head looks way too small..." Also, killing Rickon wouldn't have the punch that it would for other characters. ffs has he even had a single line in this show?? It'd be like "Hey remember how there is this other Stark child? Well don't worry you can forget about him now"
Personal theory: they want us to think that Littlefinger will show up and save the day. I think that the battle is going to start to go south for Jon and friends, and off in the distance we see riders apparently coming to their aid. From there, we assume that its Littlefinger and the forces of the vale to help out. But when they get closer we see that in fact its House Glover + other northern houses. Then we get a possible "I didn't expect to see you" from Jon and a "The north remembers" from Glover and co. 

People keep saying that the writing is most likely going to be straightforward, but this feels really reasonable to me. Its not some off the wall theory that'd confuse the ever-living fuck out of show only watchers. We have the setup of "nope never gonna help" from the Glovers, and a red herring of Sansa's letter to Littlefinger. 
Wow really? I was gonna give it a shot but I'm not sure if I want to risk having a watch that hardly functions until the fall... 
Eh the macbook isn't that slow. For most people it'd be just fine. I have a 2013 MBA with a 1.3ghz i5 that I use everyday for almost everything. With the exception of games, it can handle everything I throw at it. The main reason I wouldn't get a macbook is the lack of ports, and the price point. 
RIP Cleganebowl...
New watchOS looks amazing. 

macOS update looks somewhat interesting. The name change felt wrong at first but its growing on me. Nothing huge announced from there, but then again I wasn't expecting much

I don't know how I feel about the iMessage update. People seem to be really concerned that it'll make iMessage really annoying/bloaty. IMO it won't be as annoying as in the demo. People will most likely won't spam the new features into every message.

No hardware announced but hopefully we'll get something (especially about new macbooks) sooner than later 
Still its not like this is the only chance for them to talk about hardware 
Well its for kids, so
Seriously. They haven't announced ANY hardware so far. Its not like they talked about a new watch, new iPhone, new iPad, but nothing about the mac
Give it a shot. I've been playing with it for a bit. Its better than Objective-C, at least. 
lol everyone is acting like they're going to force you to use every single new iMessage feature in every single message you send from now on
Looks like the iMessage on Android rumors were wrong
lmao emojify 
I've used it , although not as much as I wish. Its not bad 
Holy shit Siri for developers is going to make Siri actually worthwhile 
Maybe you don't, but as somebody who has an apple watch I care a lot
Any update to the OSX vlc would be nice for me. I've had too many annoying issues (admittedly ones that the average user would never encounter) trying to use it
[rekt together](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EMaaMq8T7Cg)
I'm still holding out hope that Shaggydog is still alive, and it'll be him that'll take down and kill Ramsay
Because Nymeria is, for all we know, still around the Riverlands. There is no reason for her to come up to winterfell to help fight other than "wouldn't it be cool if...?" Nymeria still has a role to play, and I'm willing to bet that whatever that role is will begin whenever Arya comes back to Westeros.

If any direwolf is going to aid in the fight at winterfell, its going to be Shaggydog (assuming that the head given to Ramsay by the Umbers wasn't the real Shaggydog)
From wikipedia:

"Evan travels back one final time to the day he first met Kayleigh as a child. He intentionally upsets her so that she and Tommy will choose to live with their mother, in a different neighborhood, instead of with their father when they divorce. As a result, they aren't subjected to a destructive upbringing, don't grow up with Evan, and go on to have happy, successful lives. Evan awakens in a college dorm room, where Lenny is his roommate. As a test, he asks where Kayleigh is, to which Lenny responds "Who's Kayleigh?" Knowing that everything is all right this time, Evan burns his journals and videos to avoid altering the timeline ever again.

Eight years later in New York City, an adult Evan exits an office building and passes by Kayleigh on the street. Though a brief look of recognition passes over both of their faces, they both decide to keep walking."
I don't think that would surprise anyone in Westeros either. I'm hoping that Rickon doesn't die, even if the evidence that he will only grows stronger 
or /u/kn0thing
My guess is the admins are hoping /r/the_donald dies after the election. Everyone remembers the backlash after FPH was banned. Plus outsiders will simply see it as reddit playing politics. People get outraged at even the slightest hint that facebook has preference for one candidate over another. If reddit is seen to outwardly ban a political candidate while other candidate's subs are allowed to exist (instead of the actual narrative of '/r/the_donald is purely a place for toxicity to grow'), the backlash would be immense  
Of course their reaction is "MODS = GODS" when you ban everyone who even looks at the mod team poorly
I want to dislike this but some of that stuff was actually pretty cool 
This is where the sex vs. gender gets confusing, IMO. The person's sex will always be what they were born with. You can't change an X to a Y or the other way around. But after a full transition, the person is essentially their desired gender. They wouldn't be a pseudo-female, in the sense that when we think of people as being male or female, we are considering their gender before their sex.

If you ignore all the politics and bs (from both sides) on the internet, gender theory is an interesting subject of sociology. 


I can confirm this is 100% real. I pass the road that its on often.
Sex: XX or XY

Gender: The social aspects attached to sex. Women wear dresses, men like sports, etc. 

For most people they're interchangeable. But for some, they don't to such a degree that they're more comfortable identifying as a separate gender from their biological sex
I could be wrong, but I don't think I'd keep the same number if I did. 
Damn I feel like I'll see my name on there one day. I made my account forever ago and now it just sounds like I'm an edgelord. But my # is 1234 so I don't want to change it
I'm not jumping on the hype train, but I will say that if they're gonna do it, it would be now (besides the obvious after the red wedding) 
"Walk in harmony, my student". Just happened for me 
Actually it should happen instantly. On apple's site you can put in your icloud email to remove yourself from imessage if you switch from an iphone to something else. So if they were to do that for everybody, imessage would just vanish 
Oh no, the precious sanctity of your weeaboo fetish site might be compromised. How tragic 
No country for old men 
It has to do with DirectX vs OpenGL. DirectX is microsofts and has been preferred over OpenGL for a while. That's one of the main things holding people back from just compiling their games on a different OS
Oh no, his death is tragic either way. Its more a matter of if its a beautiful tragedy of such a protective character dying heroically, or horrible tragedy where a such a caring character was used a meat shield against their own will. 
I feel like its more sad if it was Bran controlling Hodor to hold the door. If it was just Hodor/Wylis then at least we can leave knowing that his death (while inevitable) was his own choosing. I'd rather that than Bran just using him. It'd be such a tragic end for one of the very few real kind hearted characters to be forced to die like that. 
Definitely better. It's still ramen, but would recommend 
Especially since /u/totesmessenger hasn't been banned, and that bot links to srs all the time
Hail Satan
RAM is soldered on for all macbook models these days.
I enjoy gin. Its like vodka + herbs and flowers and stuff. I'll take gin over the rubbing alcohol taste of vodka any day 
You'll have to pry my martinis from my cold, dead hand.

And I mean proper martinis. None of that vodka shit
Asking never hurts if you do it correctly (in my experience). After I took my calc 2 final I went to my professor to see what my grade ended up being. I was already on the border of a D+ and C-. My final grade ended up being below, but really close to what I needed to not have to take it again. After asking what could be done (in the sense of "I'm not expecting anything, but if there is anything you can do I would really appreciate it"). I ended up getting a C- overall.

If you go in and frame it as a "I'm not entitled to anything, but I would really appreciate anything you can do in my favor", its not impossible to have them throw you a bone 
Holy shit Phantoms! I saw you guys and chatted with you for a while when you played with Com Truise at the Boot & Saddle in Philly. I really enjoy your stuff. 
IIRC the idea is that if you can hit an enemy Tracer, you deserve to get the kill. Tracer and Zenyatta are the only heroes with 150hp. So really a Zenyatta buff is more appropriate.

Also for what its worth, I don't think hes in a bad spot at all. His squishiness is really annoying, but I've had more success with Zenyatta than any other hero. I worry that any buff will make him too strong
Also shoutout to that clutch Mercy ult
Yes. Same concept as Widowmaker's scoped shots
Did this just show up for no reason? 
I know somebody that recently got fired for bring up how he is getting paid (significantly) less than new hires. Shits fucked 
Absolutely on all their services. The amount of personalization they can create on a person to person basis is part of what makes google google. And that requires collecting a huge amount of data 
I hadn't considered that perspective. I suppose I've just become jaded due to the amount of comments I've seen of people going through a users history for weird/creepy/nefarious means. 
Why do people feel the need to pour through another users comment history? Are they that unhappy with their own lives that they need an excuse to be angry at others?
I find it interesting that they've also officially banned any/all descent on there. Questioning the mods in any way now will get you a ban, under the guise of 'concern trolling'
Its sad because plenty of developers would love to create great games for mobile platforms without micro-transactions, but people just aren't willing to pay for it. People don't tend to download apps that are more than $1, so to make any money you need to put in micro-transactions. The mobile platform just isn't taken seriously enough by consumers (partly because most apps aren't that good or require micro-transactions. Its a self feeding cycle). 
Also groups. Find a couple of good groups and suddenly your news feed becomes a lot less babies and weddings and more topics that you actually enjoy

Like memes 
This game is surprisingly hard on a trackpad 
I feel like this is one of the few places on this site that is sane anymore. So thank you, girls and guys. You're appreciated <3 
I don't know, man. I have the base model 13inch 2013 macbook air. Basically what people would call completely unusable here. (4gb of ram, 128gb ssd, 1.6ghz i5). In the 3 years I've had it I've used it for Android development, ios development, game development, and some other random programming stuff. I've been able to run both the unity editor and unreal, and also some 3d modeling software. I've also played some low requirement games like league on here too. 

You'd be surprised how good modern computers can be even when they're shit on paper
To be fair, I've seen high end windows laptops that kill a battery in 3 hours just browsing the internet
You and me both. Don't get me wrong, when it comes to games I'll go to my desktop every time. But for all my school and personal work I use my mba every time 
No need to be hostile. I run arch linux myself. My point was only that the supercomputer comment wasn't the best for proving that windows sucks
I don't disagree with you, but saying that supercomputers run linux and therefore its better isn't a good argument. Supercomputers run linux because the operating system needs to be tailored to the configuration/use of the supercomputer. The unique nature (read: shitty) of windows C also makes MPI much more of a hassle then it would ever be worth.

Its not like these massive clusters are running Mint or anything 
The military are just hardcore hobbyist 
/r/fuck2016
Yet all of the links to their subreddit on here have more points than when they were posted... We must be really shitty at brigading 
Romney suffered massively for what was said during a private speech. My guess is her speeches have something like that in them 
I'm a programmer and use Linux often. But often I'd rather not go into build and config files to make something work, when the OSX equivalent works without having to do that. I love Linux, but from a productivity standpoint I prefer my Mac 
not OP but the same thing just happened to me and this worked. You're a saint 
With a minimum $300 graphics card if you don't already have it
At least management was understanding and didn't throw him out or anything like that.
FWIW I'm at Temple in philly and I've seen people set up everyday for probably 2 weeks on campus registering people to vote (with Bernie signs all over the table). I almost always see people registering there too
Acting all high and mighty when shes about to do the same thing
Its based on past voter turnout. There will probably be a bit more than there has been in previous elections, but Sanders is not winning Arizona sadly 
41% of expected voters, 1% of precincts
41% of expected voters, 1% of precincts
Whats the point of her telling you that over and over? Why wouldn't she just unmatch if it was a mistake? I mean everyone has different tastes but it seems so cruel 
Make the milky way great again
Browsing /r/all by top from the past hour, 13 out of the first 25 are from /r/The_Donald. I can't believe how active that sub is
In their defense, I think most people don't get it.
Man, the future is weird
Why wouldn't you just install a different WM? Whenever I install Ubuntu the first thing I do is switch to a different WM
Not only that, but she created the first compiler for a programming language. Writing a compiler today is quite an undertaking. I can't even imagine being the first person to do that. 
No. NP links are not officially supported and aren't really effective. At best they give a subreddit deniability when it comes to vote brigading 

[source1](https://np.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/396upx/costco_karma_scam_exposed_a_visual_tutorial_on/cs19jm5?context=4)

[source2](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubredditDrama/comments/2bezdd/meta_its_time_for_another_mod_post_please_read/cj4tsl3?context=3)

(submitting these as np links anyway because I don't know this sub's policy on linking to other subreddits)
> Right now my GPA is so low that I'm honestly not even sure if I can declare Computer Science as my major (it requires a minimum of 3.0 GPA and is competitive depending on other students who also want it).


Doc also complains about doing Dr. Mrs. The Monarch's voice, so hopefully that isn't a bad sign...
At least it's not covered in wiz pretending like everyone from philly actually eats that 
I think it was in the context of telling the monarch to be careful. "Granted they were all level 10s [and you're only a level 4]"
Yes. I just tried to take a screenshot of my mouse pointer to prove it but apparently mouse pointers don't show up on screenshots on macs. TIL
I don't know what it is, but fighting game enthusiasts (fighting game fans? fighting gamers?) seem to be the worst of the worst. The types that actively strive to keep hate speech and sexism a part of the scene because "its our culture"
Actually <stdio> won't be found. Now <stdio.h> on the other hand...
Basically its like being blinded except with a bigger vision radius 
Jacket looks a little big but I could be mistaken.

Also I feel like this would look better with darker shoes
All aboard the karma train! 
Selfie sticks look stupid as fuck when you're using them, but they are nice for group photos and stuff. Sure you can just hold your phone out with your arm, but with a selfie stick (assuming you're using it so the stick can't be seen in the photo) you can get photos that look more natural. As if somebody was taking the photo for you
It's not wrong, just a correlation. My mom always chewed ice until she found out that she had horribly low iron (to the point the doctor didn't understand how she was able to function). After she started getting transfusions she no longer craved ice. Anecdotal, but still 
For real. How do people even find duo partners? Everybody that I've tried to introduce to league hasn't liked it :(
These days a C compiler is good enough that it will generate better assembly than you'd normally write. So you'd only do this now if you were a masochist
Looks like a hardware failure of some sort. You might wanna take it to an Apple Store if you can 
Do you want an IDE? IntelliJ isn't bad. If you just want a text editor, sublime text is pretty good (as white all text editors, you'll need to compile with the terminal). If you're just doing Java there is no reason to be using a VM though. I'm a CS student and I've been exclusively using my MacBook Air with no vm installed 
Holy fuck that's insane. I don't know why you've been having such bad luck with finding a psychologist, but I can say that your experience seems very a-typical to me. I don't think it's a bad idea to give it another shot. Maybe ask around for a good one? 

For what it's worth I'm in vyvanse right now and completely understand the zombie-like feeling. As terrible as it is, I wouldn't want to see you go. 

Feel free to pm me if you wanna talk or anything 
You and me both. At least I've been able to get out of doing valentines things every year by saying it's my birthday 
I think thats more some thinly veiled racism. I've heard people around the Willow Grove mall area talk about how much better it was before they put the bus stop in with those same racial tones. 
I first started playing right when Vayne was released. Needless to say I died a lot as her 
Price isn't much of an object at that range 
It's from playing a certain amount of games during season 1
This skin alone makes me want to play more Kayle. I got it completely by luck and its currently my favorite skin that I own 
Probably not. You might enjoy a few drags but the entire thing would probably make you feel sick 
If you tell them to put you on the do not call list, legally they cannot call you again. Telemarketers, for instance, can get in a lot of trouble if they do

Source: Was a telemarketer for 2 days
Its not amazing on the iPhone either. I can't tell you how many times snapchat has caused my phone to restart from a full kernel panic. 
[That wasn't a coke nail](https://twitter.com/carrieffisher/status/256120817811865600)
Agreed on the botlane comments. It can be very frustrating playing with a support or adc who doesn't synergise with you on a playstyle level. You have to think of the support and adc almost as a single being in bot lane. If the support is charging forward, being hyper aggressive when the adc just wants to play passive and farm, then its like a top laner charging in to fight with no items. 
He was unique among tech CEOs. He was brutal. Compare him to someone like Ballmer and the decisions that Jobs made during his time at Apple make Ballmer look like he doesn't know what he is doing. That isn't even me saying that Steve Ballmer was a bad CEO. Just that Jobs was unique. 
Eh when it comes to cost comparison apple is more expensive, but not that much more expensive. The iPhone is great for how people use it. Most people don't care about freedom and stuff like adding extra memory. (I will concede that if apple announced that the next iPhone had external storage and was fully customizable people would act like its the best thing ever)

Also most apple laptops are not that much more expensive than competitors with similar specs. Apple does have products with prices that make even the most loyal apple fan laugh. For the most part though, its not too bad. 
Well hes was a leader. He may have not individually designed the ads, or the UI of every apple product. Thats not his job. He did define the path that the company would take. He was the person that would okay a design or product. Steve Jobs was known for taking a design that his engineers came up with, which would have been perfectly okay at a differently company, and demanding that it be better. He was brutal to his engineers. Thats the difference though. That is why apple is what it is.

If you want engineers to admire, there are plenty. Steve Jobs is not among those though. In terms of how he could push a company farther than other CEOs, he was one of the best. 
Steve Jobs was a pretty good business man. He is the reason apple is relevant again, after the company was on the verge of death. He knew how to manage his employees to make every product as good as it could possibly be. 

Apple didn't really come up with many new technologies, but I don't think they claimed they did as much as people assume. They were really good at taking things and making them better than people have seen before. Sure there were tablets before the iPad, but the iPad was meant to be the first tablet that you'd actually want to use. 
djkhaled305
I'd consider blocking out that phone number 
Is there a better theater in the area to see it in 70mm? I was going to go to Neshaminy but I'd rather not have a poor experience 
How do you not feel stupid when taking photos? I have an interest in photography, and bought a used nikon D60 from a friend. But I haven't even really taken it anywhere because whenever I do I feel like the typical hipster/first year art student/tryhard. I'm sure that if I just did it anyway I would eventually get over it, but at this moment taking photos isn't enough of my identity to feel natural. 

Do you guys just carry your camera everywhere? Do you just designate a point in time where you go out with the intention of taking photos? What is the etiquette on taking photos? How did you get from the point of complete amateur to having it feel more natural?

tl;dr: How to take photos without feeling like a hipster/tryhard
Because reddit loves beating jokes into the ground 
[You're correct](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sign_of_the_horns#Heavy_metal_culture)
Apple is very prevalent among certain tech scenes. Google and the startup scene, for instance. I don't really have a source, but being in and around that community I can say its definitely something I've observed. 

With that being said, the reasons developers like macbooks are pretty much completely different from the reasons that your everyday consumer likes macbooks  
me irl
Fun hackathon though 
The headphone thing is different. Your phone is also basically now your music player too, and 99% of headphones use the 3.5mm jack. There is no benefit to outright cutting that out. Your other examples don't really pair up, either. 

I can't comment on the floppies portion, because I don't know much about it. 

Flash was/is terrible, and the iPhone didn't suffer for not supporting it. 

DVDs were well on their way out by the time Apple stopped including the disc drive in their computers. That was more the case of people not really realizing how little they use their disc drive. 

The 32 bit comment is odd, because its not like suddenly the older computers stopped working. They just wouldn't receive updates anymore. So macs pre-2008 are stuck at 10.5. Annoying, but not the end of the world

Besides the fact that I don't even want bluetooth headphones, and I know plenty of people agree on that point. FWIW I don't think that Apple will put a stop to the 3.5mm jack. But if they do I'll be extremely disappointed 
This is a very strange way to compare computers
He died of cancer in 2000
Its actually the 9th most referenced xkcd. The most referenced (Ten Thousand) is 6.211% of all referenced
True, but its safer than having one password for everything (which many people do)
It could also be the lack of layers underneath. 
I love 3 a lot. Also I disagree with people not liking the floral shoes. They have a lot of personality in them that I really enjoy
Buy phones that run stock android if you want an android phone. Or, at least phones from manufacturers known for speedy updates 
I cannot believe I know the context of that 
> 13 year olds

MODS
Shh don't let them know how strong Sona is right now. I don't want her to become an auto-ban
I accidentally chose this option when formatting a 300gb partition on an external hard drive. It took 14 hours
The word questamation mark is way better than interrobang
They also know that the price of finding such an exploit on the black market is really high. So if they put their own high price on it, it'd hopefully detract those who would have sold it through other, nefarious means  
Except iMessage is integrated perfectly with standard SMS. Why have two people move to a completely different app when messages works perfectly well, iMessage or not?

I personally don't hate the 'green bubble'. Its nice when someone has iMessage, just because its a lot smoother. But I can still do most things via standard sms 

I really have a feeling that that is more of a coincidence than anything. Its much more likely that other people in his area were searching for the same things, so facebook made the assumption that it may be something that he also needs 
I think you're thinking of pure communism. Socialism still has the state structure (and therefore taxes)
Agree 100% on not wanting to be the center of attention especially when you feel you don't deserve it. I've legitimately gotten into fights with people because I don't enjoy my birthday. 
But when you're comparing the hareware exclusively, then the validity of the tests is important. Its not the point of the article to show how well one computer can run opengl. OpenGL was just the tool used to give some insight into the hardware. If the methods aren't as even as possible, it will obviously skew the results

I would be saying the same thing if the surface book placed lower in a test because of software implementation issues. 
It isn't Microsoft's fault. Its just something to consider when looking at the results of the test.  
This is very true. A company that will buy you a work laptop of your choice isn't usually one that an IT department like that
Android phones tend to have neat things quicker because there is that competition within the android market. Apple will only put something into its phone if it can meet their quality. 

So really the difference is would you like to have a feature early, or of a high quality?
> 3x increase in price.

[citation needed]
They can run games and run them well, but gamers and people who want to upgrade frequently are not apple's target demographic. 

Also the idea that macs are hyper expensive is mostly a meme, at this point. Looking at the macbook air and pro (I'm ignoring the new macbook because that thing is dumb), when you factor in the raw specs, the build quality, battery life, trackpad, and customer support, the scale is pretty equal. Even if you ignore the trackpad and customer support, its not as easy as you'd think to find laptops that are that much cheaper than a macbook.

I have a macbook air and a desktop running windows 10. I love them both to death, but they're completely different beasts  
This sub has always hated apple for some reason. I don't understand it either. Nobody buys a Mac to play games. It's like saying people who buy road bicycles are stupid because you can't ride it through a forest, unlike a mountain bike. 
Good think it'll take you less than 3 hours to do that
You're correct. It was Naota's Flying V and Haruko's Rickenbacker 4001 
I assumed it was play on the fallacy that all SRS does is downvote brigade. We love downvotes so much, downvotes are upvotes here 
Plus right when he starts explaining whats happening, he walks away from the goombas
Speaking of the after credits scene...
Which is why therapy is also highly recommended. ADHD medication is like a gun: it's only helpful if pointed in the right direction 
If you don't mind my asking, what hackathon?

I've gone to a bunch of hackathons this year, with PennApps winter being the first. I hardly knew anything beyond what was taught to me in school (Java and C, basically). I ended up doing an android app. We didn't end up finishing, but I learned so much during the process. 

Don't worry about what you do/don't know. Just go there with the mentality to learn and to meet as many people as possible. Don't be terribly concerned with winning. Just have fun, learn as much as you can, and build cool stuff. 
Still, the reason to compare specs is to compare performance. Android benefits from additional cores and more ram due to how it handles multitasking. The iPhone does it in a completely different way, such that it benefits from higher bus speeds. 

Screen resolution is a valid point, and the 6+ does have a 1080p display FWIW
Not saying the nexus 5 isn't a great phone, but comparing ram/cores of android phones and iPhones is not at all a good metric 
Some people like different things, go figure. 
That's not even true though. They're slightly more expensive than their non-apple equals, but that difference is usually made up by build quality
He actually came to my highschool a while ago. Unsurprisingly, he was a really nice guy
Wearing a low cut top is relatively normal though. It'd be different if OPs friends were seeing her topless and everyone was saying "This shouldn't bother you". But worrying about other men looking at your girlfriend for wearing what is considered acceptable clothing shows more personal insecurity than anything 
Agreed 100%. I have an iPhone and a Nexus 6. I use my iPhone as my daily phone but occasionally I'll switch to the Nexus for development/research reasons. I enjoy both platforms equally. The only reason I switch back to the iPhone is because all my stuff is already there, the Nexus 6 is a little too big for my likes, and I don't have a compelling reason to choose one over the other.

Honestly Android and iOS are so similar at this point that getting upset about one or the other just seems odd. Its really just preference. 