this better not awaken anything in me...
cows hate him!
sucks for all the international students who have flights :/ smh york
i mean the app dark sky, the service itself is available
Hello weather because dark sky isnt available in canada

monument valley is fun

apollo is worth the money
wow i remember palewave
ive heard about factory reseting but honestly i reeeeallly couldnt be bothered about it
well i mean pubg makes sense because its a graphics intensive game that uses a lot of resources.
same here with iphone 8 plus, battery life has been worse than other updates... any fixes known?
hey youre (were) riot cactopus! cool to see a great communicator working for pubgco
[he also got decently built](https://www.instagram.com/p/BggytedlaWb/?taken-by=geraltthemeow)
icic thank u :-)
whaddya sellin
one more question!
are you able to see the seam along the side of the case?
like 95% of it was korean haha
leaky dick
korea? im pretty sure the first ever tornado happened like 3 years ago in korea
the first couple shots made it look as big as a great white and then when it cut to the wide.... that was anti climatic 
that was pretty sik
i would love one!! iphone 8 plus :) my silicone case is wearing off and i was just looking for a new case
im a pretty heavy user and dang 97 is pretty good considering ive had it for like 7 months
wew lad put ur shirt back on its too hot here
whats your usage like? mine is at 97%, bought at launch
yeahh haha thanks for the suggestion tho!
my current 50mm setup is the OLD ef 50mm 1.8 II from canon with 5 blades. The focusing is actually not that bad but I want something faster in terms of AF and better quality
How is rokinon as a brand? af speed and build quality wise?

I have my eyes on the Zeiss 50 1.4 but oh my it’s expensive.. definitely more of a end game 50 lens
Im looking for a 50mm with nice round bokeh (9 aperture blades?) with good image quality and minimal distortion. anyone recommend one that is hopefully sub $1000?

atm I am resorting to my canon 50mm 1.8 with the metabones adapter but would prefer to stick with sonys mount.

I havent heard the best things about sony’s nifty fifty so Im looking at all my options :)
i have that same 3 bulb light! sooo nice
so pressure washing should be ok right
the kid in the road is the whole point of the road
what season of uni U is that jacket?
P O C H I N K S
i always thought that yuru camp was sponsered by the government or some sort of tourism/outdoor education organization to promote going outdoors and enjoying mt fuji.

its not some crazy conspiracy theory and i can totally see it being a thing. a kdrama i watched a one or two years ago that was pretty popular, Goblin, was sponsored by the Canadian government and Air Canada to promote going to Montreal (which totally worked)
yoo hmu! :)) i would love one
ive been watching the first couple of episodes on crucnhyroll, its great and really fun, but the animation and art style has always seemed like fan art to me, almost.. plastic-y? I guess im just really used to the dbz era art style 

that being said i checked out 130 and some of the newer episodes and they look much better than the first couple
im not sure if this is a unpopular opinion or not


but i wish dbs had that animation style/aesthetic
ok unidan
would love to see hourly forecasts, sunset/rise hours, and weather source switchers!
russianbadger oh my

i miss bf3
Canon's rebel lineup is pretty good with magic lantern, its what I started with and still recommend. I've also heard good things about panasonic's g7, even shoots 4k, but I don't know about their stills qualty. 
you could find one for around $2000 for used. a 50mm 1.8 runs for around $150 
difference is that she doesnt sell them
i wear cropped trousers


and i tuck my sweats sometimes :(
oh ym fking god that makes me so hyped

gotta rewatch gl again
idk but its fairly common among younger churches and with the youth/young adult demographics

a lot of them have like an slp-ish look going on with leather jackets, skinny biker jeans, and chelsea boots. and dont forget the sweep back hair with short sides haha

i dont see it too much in my church since i come from a second gen korean church but i do see it around other churches for sure
holy same here

pls lmk if u find any im dying here
worship leaders still be wearing them
and that tactile feeling you have on real calculators feel soo much better than typing it out on your phone
and it probably will mean a lot to them too :)

ur a good dude
they have no one else to vent to
sheeet ok imma save up
anyone know how much itll be for lower bowl?
now i know exactly how large his fit is
my friend got a world map for christmas

his younger brother got an xbox
really good drama, u should check it out! you ahould also check out reply 1988 for them authentic 80s fashion (andif you want to cry every episode)
all the fits in goblin were super dope

which also kind of bothered me because the main character was supposed to be kinda poor but she has more outfits than my family combined
im so happy this is a thing
i have an iphone 8+ now, but use my nexus 6 as a media player


battery lasts maybe 4-5 hours playing video? pretty good i think
smh beauty standard these days
oops i was half awake when i typed this out and i thought i was helping a bro out

:(
hah psych just a prank

^shit
battalion 1994
ur a meme

what now huh
but it didnt originate from korea so its not a "korean" meme



meme semantics and technicalities my guy
🤔
but its a chinese meme
either way one of edgar wrights best skills as a director is making an experience out of a film and baby driver is just that. I still highly recommend you giving it a watch

also skipping movies entirely because of its name is kind of silly
i have a caramel herschel settlement and love it :) fits all i need and its pretty comfortable
oh man you bet i am!!! so proud of her
how do you like the butterfly keyboard? 
switchblade? 
miyukgook is realllly good even if it looks like it isnt LOL. its very hearty and amazing with rice

i can totally sympathize with you tho. if i wasnt korean a lot of our food would look a little gross to me too
you should try korean fried chicken and some REAL kbbq
yeah a lot of korean food doesnt really translate well into english... ddukbokki is like spicy rice cakes with fish cakes, and miyukgook is like seaweed soup with beef LOL
what is the special called? its one of my favorite instruments
your saying that as if thats a bad thing
did they throw a cajon at him holy frick
idk i liked that candle metaphor
smh its (bright * bright) not + u nerd
dundas square is manageable mostly but the street preachers oh my goooddd
using the earpods you can double tap the inline mic button to skip a track and triple to go back
Keep over notes
Drive suite over Apple suite
Inbox over mail
GPhotos in tandem with photos
Gmaps over Maps


classic
song kind of ruined it

10/9
[its a c9 thing](https://youtu.be/E6J9wIsS6yc)
im destroyed
there are a lot of overlap and its a pretty vague category, but think kirk franklin for gospel, and hillsong for contemporary christian. Contemporary christian usually is more "modern" in that it has rock or pop elements whereas gospel is more vocal/choir centered and soul gospel rooted
theyre the new old skools i guess, i was talking to the sales ppl there and they said they usually sont hold a lot of stock since its winter but they sold out like crazy
toronto

ive been to maybe 5 different foot lockers / champs, all out of my size :(
i cant even find air force ones in stores and yall are coloring on perfectly good shoes :(
hailey baldwin is my culture 
or “teu-loh-jan hoe-suu” if ur a second gen korean and dont know what the literal translation is like me 😬
this would be the comfiest travel fit
ehhh depends on how ur legs look tbh

but yeah i love me some above the thigh shorts in the summer
how long does this work for? I have a 8plus silicon case with the edges rubbing off, and ive had it for about two monthes or so, can i still get it replaced for free?
size run is limited too :( im a thccer boi and they only had up to waist 34
no oversized tees this year :(
Cl
GANG
i want soondubu
i wish it was still on netflix :( deserves a rewatch
you could also try seaweed or nori for the face on the egg
this feels nostalgic to me

gimbap when you dont have food but u have rice and seaweed
how does carhartt fit? i like boxy tees
happy new years all

slept thru the countdown and i jus woke up (its 7am)

fukc me
and its expensive as heck too

broke and chipped a couple teeth a couple months ago from a bike crash and im still in the middle of recovery. two root canals and a LOT of fillings later i now have to get a crown and remove a tooth because my root got fractured.

b careful out there bois
great sense of nostalgia rn

ghillie suit + aug (hbar)
love the textures on this fit!! esp the jacket
do you have a link to this press release?
where does she live? she'll probably have better luck finding it online than in korea
this sub does the opposite of worshipping virgil though...
why would you go to seoul and buy ripndip LOL 

also seoul is a *huge* city, you might find it in like in myeongdong or hongdae since theyre more touristy places and might have more import clothes. i wouldn't hold my breath on it tho, it's probably not big there at all. If you want that kind of aesthetic, go to small stores in hongdae or dongdaemeun and browse around the more edgy or skater stores
sly <3
i have one of these


they suck ass
those poor onlookers have no idea what the fuck they just saw
left hand on qwer just feels right
fiji? M A N O F C U L T U R E
r/wholesomebots
ive seen this complaint a lot, and ive heard about this algorithm in the news awhile ago yet this has not affected me. my feed is still in chronological order? Am i the only one?
best cologne ive had
avery ginsberg's disciple
where do u put it?
idk if this is the case for the leather cases but you

put it in your pocket

take it out your pocket

voila u have dust covered edges LOL
christina paik ❤️ 
T E C H W E A R  H A N Z O
however is in charge of taeyeons visual concepts is insanely good
they cost $50 there? its $50 for the silicone case in canada.. :(
pretty creative
all the ways
the cycle continues...
love the brand and love their love for new york
daddy long legs 😩😩

nice fit i love the jacket
especially sad how its final fantasy 
cmon boys its my birthday on the 26th gimmie dis one time
idk if this is my case or what but my black iphone 8plus silicon case has been wearing out in less than two weeks.

The front rim has had its soft rubber worn down, and the corners of the phone have also worn down from going in and out of my pocket. It’s only had regular use and constant cleaning so idk of its just my case or if it’s that fragile..
i miss this roster :(
not on its own ud need something over it

or wear some thermal underneath but dont expect to wear in -20 degrees imo
a what?
hmm i see

i decided that i was going to do a clean install and reorganize stuff anyways so i guess it works out
nephew
anything other than 24p for cinema is garbage why fix something that isnt broken
people were complaining she lost too much weight so she made sure to cover up ;)
yeah HSR busses always smell like urine
toronto here


screw ttc
what conditions can you replace earpods?
that coat is beautiful
it was an exaggeration on my end, but for instance, going back to the cpu throttling, you would have needed to change the kernal or something to prevent that.

furthermore, even if this isnt rooting, if you wanted the fastest software updates from google it would be faster sideloading it via adb. That whole process is a pain the ass for people who arent familiar with that area. Otherwise to get software updates over the air, (for me at least) you would have to wait up to an additional week or two which to me is kind of ridiculous. 
i was a diehard android person just a couple of monthes ago, but im so tired of rooting, digging through settings, just to make things WORK. iphones just *work* for me I dont really know how to explain it.

Also i’m coming from a nexus 6 (2014) and that phone was great at first but became pretty unusable after two years. Major screen burn in because of the crappy oled panel, the nexus logo was peeling off, back looked disgusting because of the scratches and weird plastic deformities, the built in daq was pretty meh, and the biggest issue was battery life and cpu throttling below 50% which was mind blowing LOL it cut down to 2 cores below that threshold.

i wanted a phone that worked well effortlessly, lasted the whole day without a problem, would last me for the years to come, and had a great camera, so as soon as my contract ended I bought the iphone 8 plus
its literally going to come out as lava

definitely his verge work. that was the verge’s golden age tbh, i miss josh
or dont wear ripped jeans in the cold
hey i love this song
black ones sold out :(
anyone have any beanie recommendations?? looking to wear it like a fisherman's beanie ([like this](https://i.imgur.com/ENYSLXO.png))
i love this so much dude
no longer the case for these ones

source: i have one and it fits tts compared to other tees in the same size
thats pretty awesome
furthermore no one here is actually making fun of him, were all supporting the dude
nahh towards ur face looking dark with white shirts? 
oh wait i meant to reply to the white shirt comment not this LOL but thanks for the explanation anyways! 
i've never heard that sentiment before, what do you mean by that?

and love the button up, where from?
this guys like a character straight out of atlanta or something
>"Realistic"
yeah, it was like 15ish degrees highest so it was way to warm to wear anything else underneath than a tshirt
wait


guys i messed up
maybe ill post it next time i wear it :) didnt take any pics cus the weather was so crappy :(
that sounds amazing i hope thats true! I don't mind using it until it starts showing some real wear but if they agree to replace it for free then it truly earns that $50 price tag haha
do ssense sales start ON black friday? some stores do their sales prior to the actual day and I don't want to miss out!
tkl master race
wore one today

-black oversized camel/over coat

-asap/guess shirt

-cropped white pants

-all white sneakers

my church fit
one thing i noticed though is after using it for a couple of days the front rim begins to wear out pretty quickly :( i just bring mine to school and it stays in my pocket/top of my desk. another thing is that it picks up dust more than other cases i use, particularly on the front, so i have to clean it often

other than that i really am loving this case :) not totally sure if its worth the $50 but that microfibre lining definitely makes up for the minor inconveniences it comes with
yup! if i wanted great manual controls i would use a different app, but for the stock camera app i want to be able to take a great photo as soon as possible. 
weathers been so crazy these past couple of days :( Like friday was warm, saturday was freezing and windy and today is rainy and cold and humid ugh
the flesh was fake im guessing cus thats nastyy
:’(
literally what i thought of when i saw the name rainbow rocket and all the other bosses teaming up together
i know herschel often gets a bad rap about being “basic” but i cannot recommend the settlement backpack more. I have one in caramel and its sooo nice. im super pissed cus i accidentally hit my pen on my bag and now have two streaks of black ink on the top of my bag

anyways yeah herschel is dope
not where i expected a twice reference
just how tshirts should be :)
AND THE QUALITY ITS SO COMFY
fr, kpop stans are on a different level ;;
they ARE ur beaters now :)
yeah i felt them in store l, they look nice but theyre hella thin :( moves around too much when u walk
yes
how did it drop? im assuming screen up right?
the fufu bogos are mostly for tourists haha

but yah hongdae and myeongdong has some nice small stores :)

if you look around some department stores (like hyundai department stores) they also tend to have some nice pieces
i heard that mcdonalds bought their previous coffee supplier or something of that sort, mcdonalds coffee tastes much better than timmies imo
what? that might have not even happened at all LOL my hair tie leaves an imprint in my arm but it moves around a lot so you could see where it was last.
they have gh5s which is arguably better than the mkIV which i THINK sp7 has

either way the gh5 is one of the best mirrorless cameras on the market rn :)
ran into her in a mcd’s earlier this week (she goes to a close highschool to our school) didnt recognize her until my friend mentioned that she was the girl from [NAME OF HIGHSCHOOL] thats instafamous

she seemed pretty chill, didnt talk to her anyways, but got my mcflurry and bounced the fuk to school cus we were late af
uniqlo is ur best friend my guy :) best quality for the price imo

also dickies!! dickies are a staple
samsung pretty much runs the country

samsung makes absolutely everything here, they have cars, make elevators, appliances, cranes, trucks, everyythingg
yup our country is sponsred by pepsi! :)
 ^/s
dont think i would ever see thornhill being represented on reddit :')
really were the prices less than $70? Honestly I thought $70 was pretty cheap
best reddit app on ios! Ive been hurting for a good ios app since my transition to an iphone but all of them had its major design differences i couldnt get used to. Thanks for the hard work!!

also, is there any way you could add the option to handle links differently? for example, instead to using the built in player for youtube, opening straight to the youtube app?
I went from grunge to full on jerryboi back to a lower key grunge to skater to cozy skater

 now im in grey area between skater and japanese baggywear thing? still super inspired by skater brands and people like tyler though
I either got suuuper lucky or these arent as hyped as i thought. was walking around a large mall in toronto (yorkdale) a couple days ago and 3 racks of the tees and a couple of denim jackets were sitting out right in front of the door. ended up copping the blue/yellow striped tee and couldnt be happier
id say the phone industry has bigger things to worry about honestly... like exploding batteries and better screens im general LOL
unless they can make a glass thats durable enough that wont be for a very long time :(
same setup as you! yeah i agree the constant dust and lint specks building up in the case makes me want to clean it every day... planning to pick up apples silicon case to at least protect the glass back so sand or other materials wont scratch it up
ikr as soon as i saw the dsm logo i was pretty taken aback LOL
this is dope love the striped tee

also ay toronto boiz
they dont i believe :(
ass to ass
yup its happening on my iphone 8+ space gray
shined it right under a lamp and examined for a bit, maybe ill pull out a magnifying glass but i think at that point ill be LOOKING for imperfections that at that scale are most likely inevitable
i guess im really lucky then... black  64gb no dust specks at all
was on nexus 6 and switched to 8+ 64

i couldn't be happier. There are some inconveniences I have to get used to tho, like notifications. I think android handles notifications SO well and it's a little weird to get used to iOS' take on it. Another thing is the headphone jack i guess but I'm not that bothered by it. Battery life is SO amazing especially compared to my nexus, so is the performance.
both made by the same company - could be either way but judging from the camera cutouts its probably more likely the actual case
how much does the shoulder drop?
what is on that rig? It's a dji osmos right?
hey man i love ur tees how heavy/thick are they? if anything this situation is giving u some publicity :) don't let them win fam
ive had my since september 2015, runs ok now that i dont have any apps on it other than some media apps like netflix. I only use it as a media device now that I switched to ~~an iphone~~ a different phone. battery still drains like crazy when used )(stand by is respectable still), still lags under 50% though.
화이팅!! are u teaching in korea? gl man!!
direct translations almost never play out tbf
thats a good point hmm
are you learning korean?
what did cgp gre say about not having the phone on dock?
womens selection in even basic clothing stores like uniqlo have so much more creative pieces than mens :( 
im scaroused
sweet thanks :)
what date?
Did you have them cropped instore? They fit great
sweet :) can't wait
bro do u have timelapses for these? I would love to see your process of picking a comment and coming up with a concept/sketch in such limited time!
oh man i am tempted

get behind me satan
was thinking the same thing!

might have to cop but I wish it came in that sweet orange color
[Love this one actually, wonder if the logo is easily removable](https://www.amazon.ca/Everest-Camera-Bag-Multi-Pocket/dp/B005ALECDK/ref=cts_ap_3_vtp?pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&pf_rd_p=2897711222&pf_rd_r=3M31WXYQJ915C342H36B&pd_rd_wg=Tjdzd&pf_rd_s=desktop-detail-softlines&pf_rd_t=40701&pd_rd_i=B00JJL5TL6&pd_rd_w=aofyY&pf_rd_i=desktop-detail-softlines&pd_rd_r=3M31WXYQJ915C342H36B&_encoding=UTF8)
love the bag :) really want a shoulder bag but they seem hard to find for a reasonable price
Living in toronto rn and it's 31 degrees please kill me I want to wear pants


in the winter it gets pretty cold depending on the year though. It can get downwards to -30C in some extreme cases so bundle up boi, you'll need a winter jacket either way. If you're strapping for cash uniqlo has amazing down jackets for a reasonable price :)

btw are you going to Queens?


Idk if this is because im new to i0s 11 (coming from android) but i feel like there are a lot of bugs im encountering
nothing beats my d00d [carl lentz](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/5b/a7/14/5ba7144bf94c37f90835cfc43a1c3779.jpg)
Fanny pack around your shoulder :) Supreme if you wanna flex, but if you want something more lowkey I love my herschel fifteen fanny pack, you can remove the logo if you want, too.
i mean everytime ozweegos are posted at least 40% of the comments are about how ugly they are so no i guess
i love my hometown :) miss it so much
my first pair ive have for 1 and 1/2 years, it got super sun bleached and the back tag tore off
both yi and janna's splash looks pretty mediocore compared to other splashes. :/
kind of new to illustrator. what about his workflow is garbage?
holy crap THOSE GREECE MYTHOLOGY BOOKS AHHH I MISS THOSE
im hypedd
wouldn't work on the iphone X I guess
WAIT I NEVER KNEW ABOUT THIS

so lucky
wish it was on netflix! no hulu in canada :(
stayed up til 3am to preorder thru rogers, thinking it would start right at 3am. Didnt start for another 30 min so i went to sleep. woke up at 7am and I'm now 31st in the reservation line across canada :)
android 5 had such a nice UI
MAHH
big if true
omg thats adorable LOL
holy crap yeah i do remember that

spooky
STRAIGHTEN UR BACK BOI

love the red tho
gearedtowardsgear is A1

used to watch unknowmvlogs but now his vlogs kinda suck, super clickbaity/corny
theyre really good but sometimes i feel like he tries a liiittle too hard to make jokes. im sure he'll find his mark though :)
nice super excited
Will be doing my first pre-order, will I be able to preorder through Rogers?
its a great start! i know its supposed to be super minimal but would suggest adding some more distinguishing features like an eye/whiskers/nose/etc. also the shape of cat could also maybe be a little wider/rounder
so hyped for that album
where abouts do you live?? are there usually no lines?
korean facecare is best facecare

skinfood is based
thank God i finished it a couple days ago... it's like i knew..

:( why tho
that shit had me woke
Cat.
i discovered him when that youtube competition thing was going on (like 2011 or something?), and then a couple months ago i stumbled upon his channel and the first video i saw was a fidget spinner video LOL i didnt kmow what to think
they probably docked points on color/contrast and uniqueness for the nike logo

the meme however... uhhh
I literally just refinished community for the fourth time and I totally agree. It really felt like community at times for sure. Especially the pep talks Arin or Dan gives to the team and how Jeff in Community does to the group. I actually quite liked this, much more than I expected
i love worldbuilding like this. halo and SW are my favorite sci-fi universes.
there are some websites that you can design the cutouts and they cut them out for you. its super overkill though LOL

and if you do get foam inserts without cutouts u can always get an xacto knife and do them yourself
buy a pelican suit case with exact cuttouts for shoes :)
impact has good hair imo. pretty popular in korea, his blonde hair he had in TIP was dope too
how is the sizing? :) love the colors
mcdonalds vibe
how do their tshirts fit? want oversized luk
das all fear of god stuff
i just want them cooking specials ;(
i got all white leather stan smiths, theyre really nice and I prefer them to the og green colorway, much cleaner/quieter looking sneaker. The only problem with them is that they crease easier than any other stan smiths that I know of. I think they use a different type of leather or something, its much easier to scuff/crease for some reason. But honestly I actually prefer them to be a little beat up anyways so I'm not mad.

I'm also looking to buy a pair of af1s, I think they're super clean and nice looking - bot new and beat up. Yeah sure they're basic (as is the SS) but its not what you get, but how you pull them off in fits. Besides af1s and stans are staples, you can never truly play them out. :)

You should also consider reeboks clubs and classics. Both very clean and nice silhouette. Old skools all white canvas are pretty noice too
i love those guys but i miss their older content
we need to go deeper
i grew UP with chocopies theyre the besttt
and imagine the price of that in canada holy moly
ill trade u my n6 for that iphone
im so firRIKIN excited
she has more confidence that all of yall combined
and i really like that about them honestly, theyre becoming one of my favorite brands. love how they rep new york
only sold as excel in canada :) i was confused too
theyre still pissed about famous LOL
have to watch your macros obv
:) i like that
favorite food in korea? enjoy it there man :) (korea can be a bitch in summer tho as you probably know by now)

I was super excited to hear you randomly on broadcast, had idea no idea you were going to cast LCK. super cool to see you exceed in this industry. Keep it up and hope to see you succeed!
that fender oh my godDD
yeah prices r rape and its not worth it imo. i like some pieces but its pretty much hypebeast trap
GOOD point
did u cop anything from the supreme x louis?
This is the everest signature pack right? looks good :)
how do you like that fanny pack?? might pick it up
one of my fav brands

just love their direction of everything. doesn't feel like theyre trying too hard or anything, just nice looking shirts :)
that helvetica extended ❤️❤️
https://www.pablosupply.com/
ahh i see what you mean
[doesnt really sound like dong in english context though?](https://translate.google.com/#auto/ko/%EB%8F%99)
the trick is not telling them my korean name in the first place ;)
my korean name has dong in it and thats why i always hate using it in a non-korean context cus for koreans, dong (동) is pronounced more like "d-OH-ng" but the romanization sounds more like dong
thats a very specific category of sneakers
whats new
algonquin park is such an amazing place. Went canoe tripping there for five days and every view was picture worthy.

portaging is a bitch tho
Looks great! the soundtrack fits really well and adds to the atmosphere, but one thing i would say is to cut down on the rack focus shots, one or two is fine but you have a couple too many :) other than that its well done
these rich fob girls at my school would always do this

breaks my heart man
theyre really good with that kind of stuff. love the details
sdraugefil?
This was great! Great video for people who have no idea what streetwear is. My only suggestion atm would be to raise the mic a little bit? Sometimes was hard to hear what you were saying with the background tracks.
smart boye
gee 💕
am i missing something here?
are shibes as mean as people make them out to be? I really really want a shibe but i also want a dog as loving as a golden
Hmm maybe the hanes t-shirts will last longer if you hang dry it? I've had a gildan thrasher tee for over a year now, and its done pretty well, only small cracks in the graphic, and a little bit of discoloration, no pilling or anything. I'm hoping hanes beefy tees will do the same as well.
whats your wash cycle for tshirts? hang dry?
cus he a cutie
why all them so salty tho


who hurt them doc
second dean post here LOL deans got some nice frames man..
how do american appearal fit? similar to hanes beefy/ gildan 5000?
rip :( lookin good tho:)
wheres the tote bag from?
u cant do this to me
hes making a looot of money with emoji movie so its not a total loss
nah they write for smosh now
people don't like him anymore?
why would they take that out :(
idk what they were thinking with those LOL
do you have a sizing chart on your tees? really digging the yellow tee

also how long is estimated shipping to TO, Canada?
just got all white stans and i love them

air force 1, SS, and old skools are all great choices for everyday fits

converse with the padding are really comfy too
BRO SAME

it was my first shirt i bought that was over $100(CAD) LOL
yo that metallica boxy shirt is actually one of my favorite shirts

its so damn comfy
love the tshirt and pullovers

btw how thick is this striped tshirt? on like a scale of 1/10
i know how you feel

it just feels.. awkward? i dunno. but im sure itll get better over time
Have you tried halo online?
damn if i hadnt just gotten a new pair of shoes i would have made a bee-line for these :(
i really want some striped pants like this

anyone know some that wont break my poor ass bank account?
truee makes sense though
What are they printed on? looks sweet
sweet. thanks!
Ahh I thought october was usually the announcement and then november is the release

Thanks! :)
ID on tote bag?
Walking on fluffy clouds
thats korea for u :( thankfully winter isnt as bad as it is here in canada
aint it hot in korea hyung?
her poor back
o dang what is this store?
related [c and h](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-CWM1zDcmWXs/TroD0VsX4WI/AAAAAAAAAVA/Jc5bN5xSTkc/s1600/ch930919.gif)
yeah.


it looks cool
martin luther core
If your friend bought them for you, you should keep them :) they seem like pretty good portable headphones. 
those pants look amzing
do gildan and hanes fit similarly?

like does a gildan xl fit like a hanes xl?
uniqlo has oversized tshirts! they're a little more expensive than regular tees but they have a very nice fit and quality to them.

https://www.uniqlo.com/us/en/men-oversized-short-sleeve-crewneck-t-shirt-196273.html
Cav Empt but i dont own any pieces (yet ;) )
•Budget: $100-150

•Source: iPhone 7 and Nexus 6

•Isolation: Some, not very important to me

•Preferred Type of Headphone: IEM

•Will you be using these Headphones in Public: Yes

•Preferred tonal balance: Something warm - balanced

•Past Headphones: Currently using apple earphones for my phone... (I use an ATH-AG1 on my PC)

•Preferred music: Alt-Rock, Indie, Pop, Hip/Hop

•Improvements from current set-up: Longevity, better sound from apple earpods

•Location: Canada (Toronto)

isnt this whole game about being cucked
holy crap wtc
its not on my netflix anymore 😭😭
my eyes are on that meteorite
huh.. TIL... thats so unfortunate! so is problem due to chroma subsampling?


darn I really like the color combination here :(
how can i change the color space? thank you!
Windows 10 64-bit
   
Intel i7 5820K
   
ASUS Nvidia 980 Strix
   
16gb RAM

what's the diff?
how was their stock?? shoot i might have to drop by
this is really well done
i expected "im gay" but left surprised :)
oh no
tfw uo toronto doesnt even have a clearance rack :(

or maybe they do but i never noticed cus their selection is so crap in canada
yeah i really want that yellow stripe shirt :(

its like $70 to ship it out to canada though which is a pain in the ass
just woke up and saw this so i guess its going pretty good :)
whats different from wearing this and other start up brands?
both fits are pretty nice
nah, i went on a trip a couple days ago near sudbury (up north of ontario), in the past 5 days i have gotten 20 mosquito bites.

i think its my asian blood :( exotic
yes it would look amazing imo

go for it dude!
hows the quality on the shirt? thnking about pulling the trigger
actually a ring clock
i prefer backprints but anyone get worried that ur gonna stretch or damage the print when ur sitting down
tee shirt looks to be from uniqlo (i have a diff colorway)
lawyer up
random question:

i watched naruto as a kid (dont remember any of it, only fragments) should i finish the series?
are the uniqlo shorts just the easy chino shorts?
D
"i need an adult"
yeah its one of things i dislike about korean tv
ya u right lemme hit up my back alley doctor
theyre over $300 in canada, and i don't have the money for that :(
what the hell

thats legit my setup rn... (i recently boght a sigma 17-55 but still)
thanks boi ;)
im exposed


(i actually did when i visited last summer!! i never see any in canada so i almost died)
anywhere in korea is like cheating

god i miss my country
not sure if i want to give u a hug with that first jacket on
theres actually a sweet location near the new galleria called PAT market (near gonoe sushi), it sells a bunch of great stuff there too!! no moms chicken tho :(
just make it send a screenshot of you're settings
galleria for life

(i miss the old location tho the parking on yonge sucks dick)
howd u do that to ur face theo boi
HI
those are way nicer than the linked one tbh
u cant win
nothing good ol toothbrush and detergent wont get out :)

just dont go jumping in puddles and you'll be fine. And at some point, you'll start to not care anymore lol
i have a bekant corner desk on carpet

wobbles like crazy. sort of want to return it.. anyone know how to reduce wobbliness?
lowkey i still kinda do it (not directly) just to get the sawdust and crap off my black clothes and shoes
caugjt mirin
my shop teacher tells me this too, i should look it up tbh
what are some good links? and how do you navigate if you dont know chinese?
yeah i have their black metallica shirt


sooo comfy love the fit, cotton is good quality, but its a littttle too long
his playboy pants r fire
I NEED MONEY
i had a about a jug of milk and the next morning was not fun at all

8/10 would do again
oooooohhhhhhh uwa... daebak!!!!
good old ulsan..
sketchers are actually lowkey popular in korea idk why LOL
Taj Mahal Stone is dope
yeah dude that'd be awesome!!

Im TTS L but i'd like an XL c:
yoo cant wait for some more sizes this looks sick

nice prices too :)
Dior Sauvage and YSL Lhomme

looking for different scents tho
who can blame them? theyre quality bags :)
yup LOL same here in toronto
pallete is a masterpiece
what is "girly" about a bag tho? rock it bro
i was literally just about to buy!!! hope i win cus my wallet is hurting
J Y P
제조년월 means year it was manufactured so yeah january of 2009 seems right
aw husky :( i miss him
i wonder if theyre going to make old skools of these. would be nice
current for sure (if the current haircut is the ladder)
/u/ogsafe the minion pimp
thanks though! :)
yeet
red poop!!

looks good
wait what
you sold me dang i want these now

where did you pick these up?
yup! this is good fanart but this isnt an album cover i could see kanye ever releasing.
i must have a really small head or something :( sorry b
yup! it goes with his whole construction vibes since he comes from civil engineering
 summer looks :) 
yeah, just go to a local h&m and try them on
cherish that bro :)
those pants are everythingggg
which muji pants are those?
pinroll is no bueno here imo! either cuff them or let them sit with ur shoes (roshes are also no bueno here)
damn those are skinnies??
안녕 형!! 미국 가니까 어때요?? 어디가 더 보고 싶어요? 브라질 아니면 한국?
i wish they made a 4.7" 5s
i go to winners and get these tommy socks, super comfy and super long, so they dont show skin
i would recommend never going up to f/1.8 unless its really that dark. you can get good bokeh and blurred backgrounds even with like f/2-3.2. its all about composition. having your aperture set to 1.8 can make your subject out of focus. keep in mind:

bigger the aperture = more light and shallower DOP = harder to get subject in focus


smaller the aperture = less light and sharper DOP = more things in focus


This can be explained if you wear glasses or something. take off your glasses and make a small hole with your hand, then look through it. you can see that everything will be in focus! this is also how pinhole cameras work.

watch some videos on youtube to help you with these kinds of things :) photography can be super fun, but there simple basic fundamentals you should learn to will help you take even better photos.
i think a cuff would be ok here, but yeah pinroll looks out of place here tho
who hurt u
looks good!! tbh im lowkey thinking of shaving my legs LOL my asian leg hair is so damn weird and patchy
what nmd color way?
do they stretch at all?
how are they around ur crotch? i heard theyre a bit uncomfortable
aw :) i like dis

happy resurrection sunday!
toast
i dont know what else they would look like tbh LOL like maybe trousers but not a lot of trousers have a different color interior
honestly they just look like slim-skinny black jeans thats rolled up.

search for black denim
7 comments but none about the shirt haha

where did you find the photo? could be like a thrift find from the looks of it. looks hella dope tho
try everlane, they just released some new shorts for this season
theyre not testing sadly.. its here to stay :(
used to live in ulsan as well! i actually laughed when i saw this lol

to be fair tho its not really our *flag* more like our banner and slogan. [this is closer i think](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/1/18/Symbol_of_Ulsan.svg)
man these are AWESOME! love the messages next to them too
this is TOO MUCH FOR ME
Hi bby
hope he didnt get any ketchup on that shirt :(
idk it just doesnt work for me LOL i think maybe theyre too "smart"? I think its the colour, honestly
not feeling those pants. cropped black trousers without the front crease might have done better here

also this photo does *not* do justice to this fit LOOL
i was gonna get these for a photoshoot, but personally wouldnt wear these in public haha
WORD!! korean fanbases are bruuttall... i mean did u hear how 김고은 from 도깨비 was bombarded with hate messages cus she didnt wear makeup in an ig post? ffs LOL
Not totally related, but holy crap, as someone who was born in korea, and have a alot of first gen family, that whole Tiffany scandal was the stupidest shit ever. It might have been insensitive because it happened on the same day as Korea's independence day, but it was for one, on her *snapchat*, and she was just using a japanese geofilter letting people know she's in Japan for a show LOL (albeit the geofilter was the rising sun, which snapchat removed afterwards). People took that WAY too far and overreacted over something completely unintentional smh netizens
oh..
np man! always good vibes :)

and ic!! do u have a link?
hair is wavy, i like it (could never pull it off myself :( )

also where did u get your glasses?
u rdy for -12 tmr? ;)
damn my thin asian hair
do you need thicker hair to achieve this look?
i can see how people find it tacky or whatever.. but hell is it comfortable on lazy days woo
hows the quality and sizing?
oh my god i want to hug him
if it isnt a dessert, what is it?
ah~
those are nice, i love my pair :)

i think round frames would like nice in you too. also where did you get that teeee
BANGER ALERT BANGER ALERT
white socks might have been better (if you didnt want black socks), im not *completely* sold on the matchy socks. sick fit and photo though!! love the jacket
just like TT
peep that pocari sweat candy
yeah, esp for the quality.. idk if its just my pair but the outer sole is sort of peeling off :/ kinda upset about that
🇰🇷🇸🇬🇰🇷🇸🇬🇰🇷🇸🇬
yeah its in stock in my size

just a broke boi :( ill stick with my v1 cdg cons for now
where are the sunglasses from?? love this
frigg i REALLY want those polka dot cons.. theyre so damn nice
\*under breath*

*holy shit*
kdramas can be so wholesome sometimes :)

also nam ju hyuk is a good looking man
what would he do? feel free to pm me the spoiler, i dont really care for it too much haha
been supporting you since the first collection, love your work, would love to rep some more clothes :)
pecking order...
i dont think he was trying to fool anyone
*THIS IS A GOD DREAM*
@avanope on ig

love her work
hmm... this might be worth the $80cad 🤔
is it printed on gildan?
ahh i figured
where is the tshirt from?
kinda random question, but are the red tags on your old skools in tact? mine are ripping off slowly :(
WUCK FESTERN
yup, those shoes are not meant for slipping on and off :(
do you tumble with dryer sheets after hang drying?
do you untire your shoes when you put them on/take them off?
LMAO he's not that bad! lhe can type fine iirc and he can speak at like a 5th grade level so for a second-gen korean american he's ok
word im more of an old spice fiji dude
of course.. how could I be so blind!
i need money
i miss cody :( he gifted me a ward skin once for drawing his legs
when you eat healthier your skin gets cleared up too
good dick can do that
or you live in an area with dry winter air
i personally cuff them an inch or two above the shoe

that being said i like how the jeans stack on this specific photo, usually it looks kinda meh
josh fu!!! totally didnt expect him to be in here haha

thought the cinematography and lighting was super great. loved the tone in this. as for audio i have to agree with everyone here, it felt really empty and at times inconsistent. The room cleaning scene was a tiny bit confusing, i couldn't tell if the father was dead or not until the last scene. Overall it was an entertaining and touching short film! great job man
hang on wooden hangers, just make sure when your putting and taking off the garmet, its thru the bottom hole, instead of the neck hole. prolonged folding can potentially crack the graphic
lol what isnt a meme 🙄
retro brands are coming back. theyre also cheap, accessible, and for a blank theyre very good quality.
i was so sad i wasn't able to get any of the dva skins or the korean icon so im praying that i get this one
**JESUS** that took a year out of my life
nah brad hall pulled it off better with them socks
^DELET ^THIS
hmu with a link bro whatt
worlds needs to be in canada 💕
yo i gotta ask

how highg do ur socks go up to?
ayyy lol my friends work at the sportinglife 😂😂
http://imgur.com/a/j1RYl like this
Not really! [This is sort of what my hand looks like when i play](http://imgur.com/a/j1RYl), i either use my palm for space, or sometimes I use my thumb for space.
never knew this was a problem, its really easy for us lefties :^) I keep my thumb around the ctrl area and my index on the q
boost is off
looks like doc marcs
북촌?
for real, i love that color. hmu with a link oppp
thats gotta be the best feeling ever, wearing your own clothes. it looks sick man
i want to win :)
where can you get coloring book for offline?
LMAOOO AYYEE THORNHILL BOYZZ apparently ive got some mutual friends on ig with ur photographer too hahaha SMALL WORLD
yo this might sound weird but is the second picture looking over highway 7? this looks like the viva stairwell thingy near my place
nope! 
theyre better quality than gildan blanks, so yeah go for it
allai fam
gonna miss him 😭
flaunt that God given gift
this was so sweet! merry christmas guys :)
yeahh, really like the details these have but i think i might go with some dickies :)
these are ILU kobe pants
OFF CENTERED
roses are red, violets are blue


My Son started to cry, so we all joined too
BURN IT
MIGHT HAVE TO CHECK THIS OUT

where u at?
baggy pants and overalls

i loveeee overalls but my huge ass wont allow for it
markham boizz
not a huge fan of locust and wild honey's style but his positivity is so infectious and i love his music choice too
ikr everything on my old skools are fine EXCEPT the bottom soles, the red tags wore down to crap :(
i cant get my feet in/out without unlacing it
frikin love that channel
can i get an lcccccccc :thinking:
that mirror goes hard too
duct tape it to ur chest
aww darn
does kanye get his hoodies tailored? i feel like oversizing twice wont look as nice as this does here
frriigggg thats a nice price, whered u get it?? i live in toronto
ughhh i wish i can find one for a cheaper price though! looking on grailed amd cant find one in large :(
GUYS[ A OR B](https://i.redd.it/mr0spl1cw14y.png)
yeah but theres an "l" sound and the end of it, like shibal

still sounds super similar so i always say shiba inu
hey i remember getting something like this from the book fair
happy birthday bro

keep everything else muted and dark, to make that bomber pop
yooo we can do it man!! still struggling with 1300, its a journey, but water is key
oh huh.. i thought he named himself after the telecom company olleh
if ur in the east coast its 3am 12am if ur in the west
white bunny master race


also super butthurt i didn't get the skin or the icon :( just wanna rep my country man
yuuhhh got the same bomber in korea, its so comfy but i shoulda sized up
well when male sarlacc pit and a female sarlacc pit love eachother very much...
http://www.asos.com/adidas-originals/adidas-originals-court-vantage-trainers-in-white-s76210/prd/6755040 try these, got recommended these and they look pretty similar
holy crap those are nisseee
keep looking man! find the shape of your face and match frames that go with it, there are a ton of guides online thatll help u out
thats a sweet shirt hes got on
better late than never tbh
that poncho hoodie is rly nise
tessentials, theyre making bankkk from that keyhole game
dardoch's coloring book hat :)
investing in this gif
liking the podcast so far, but that logo looks like this [album cover](http://d.christiantoday.com/en/full/27457/empires.jpg) haha
lunar goddess > all
pls post tag that looks so cozy
l o l
looks good to me
big AND sweet 😍
as long as they get good games im so okay with this
ig aesthetics
try to give adidas an email, might be worth your time to get it replaced or something
i wanna meet this guy and show him how much this community obsesses over his fit LOL
battle of the telecoms will be realll
aint nothing wrong with playing Pokemon and dressing nicely
sounds just like him Lol
how filling is this?
muh safe space
PS anyone know what bomber that is? im thinking AI

also DeANn 😰😰
talk about a jawline
i miss korea so damn much

ill be home soon :(
r/malefasion is great inspo (most of the time) for finding your own style too
they didnt even get the text right lmaaoo
lowepro is amazingg
u go to my highschool?
ty 😘
whats the source of this?
the only thing stopping him from having women throwing themselves at him is that hes a loyal to his gifriend


and his cats
qtpie is the hottest man on earth square up
not a huge fan of the navy color, play around with the vans customizer and see what you like. you could even reach for some collabs with like, opening ceremony, for instance
awks
my guys still got the tags on his shoesss oh no
holy crap demars face

hes about the murder the ref
sick photos and fit this goes hardd
ava nirui is so dope
hey man u ok buddy
what size are you? amazon has them for [$20 cad](https://www.amazon.ca/Gildan-Heavyweight-Blend-Hooded-Sweatshirt/dp/B00JCY5XXO/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1479536121&sr=8-1&keywords=gildan&th=1&psc=1)
[holy crap this whole comment thread is straight up cancer](http://i.imgur.com/LzuAx87.png)
great video! what are your fav thrift stores in toronto?
what zara pants are these?
really love that sweater o man
golden hour is *blesssed*

sick video and fit!
u gotta pass the time somehow in media arts class
#ffS
not a fan of the drawstring but the sherpa is dope
yeah theyre still really nice! just try to incorporate them into more unique fits
i think thats the point of it, super vintage esque. the back is sort of ugly though
yeah if you have the funds you can never go back to those cheap ass gildan blanks
oo i see, the longer hand cuffs, side details, slightly fatter waistband all sorta made them look similar
wait a sec is this a champion blank
can you get a xl levis jacket and get the same look? 
maybe ;))))))
#Bengi.
do i want to know who this is
ugh nevermind then :( i want a thicker sweater for winter, might have to settle with uniqlo
d 647
MAARKK NUTTT
dean ❤️❤️
super interesting silhouette almost soaceshipy LOL itll prob b sick in techwear fits
nah oversized for lifee, elongated on the other hand... thats a dead meme
[where to cop this mock neck sweater?](https://i.imgur.com/nwFntOz.jpg)

also im either thinking of picking up an ai bomber or an overcoat, which is worth the money? Theyre both around $200
yeah i noticed that too, they went full out on the kenzo collab LOL
hes a brooklyn b
american spy smh
damn these are beautiful

send me monies pbls
hell yeah
something about the angle or maybe its your posture thats making this pic a little weird to me
ITS NOT EVEN CENTERED
ffs im too tired for this
i never thought reddit hated green apple flavoured candy so much :(

its my favorite kind
i remember people were doing this with flannels not to long ago. looks super dope! 
i like the open window tee!
the LA SoloMid sounds sick to me!!
if ur a god youll win essentials keymaster game
essential def has yeezys, not 100% sure of the other stores
ayy are those bamboo shoots from ikea? i got one chillin in my room too
ily
if you want the one that uo sells, [here you go](https://www.amazon.com/Champion-Reverse-Weave-Black-Size-M/dp/B0012QZ1DC/ref=sr_1_1?s=sports&ie=UTF8&qid=1478238076&sr=1-1&keywords=champion+reverse+weave), this is the exact same cut and quality. UO just has those exclusive colors and the chest patch

so i mean if you get a chest patch from etsy, or from a cheaper champion tee or whatever by all means
yeah op just skip leg day for a bit
lmao look up champion s700 on amazon my friendd
kiinda regret getting clubmasters tbh

all the kids in my school are getting them now :/
LMAO damn dude, how much did these cost u? 
reverse weave is supposed to prevent it from shrinking in the wash but you should still hang dry
yeah, im like 90% sure lol
its $40 not $30 (depends on color and size) i guess but here it is https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B016C80IO6/ref=ox_sc_act_title_1?smid=A2EDR7YR1BSPTD&th=1&psc=1
its $40 not $30 i guess (depends on color and size) but here it is https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B016C80IO6/ref=ox_sc_act_title_1?smid=A2EDR7YR1BSPTD&th=1&psc=1
they a litttle larger than gildan in my experience, but the drop shoulder isnt as much so im sad :(
they a litttle larger than gildan in my experience, but the drop shoulder isnt as much so im sad :(
you can get more basic colors on amazon for like $30, theyre the same material and quality, UO just has these exclusive colorways and the front patch to my belief.
300

Charizard, i love dragon bro
hi i want game thank
holy crap ive never wanted a lotte team more than i have now ㅎㅎ
i thought this was a gopro rig? the other ones were i think
those straps r niisssee
one of my favorite songs by him not gonna lie

everything about it was so sweet
oh thank god i was just about to pick up something from them lol
pinggyyy  <3
wtf.. thats fishy as hell
tie it with a fan in your direction and u got urself a deal
(not op) thats my main problem with running/elipticals, i barely have time in the evening when i come home from school and my only choice is to run in my tiny condo gym. god is it boring LOL. i still manage to get in an hour run but it feels like im running for like 3
oh no
ahh thanks! how do sizes compare?
how is the waistband compared to gildan? also how is the size compared to gildan? looks doope
u alreaayy knooo PTL
would superglue be enough LOL
did you use the customizer?
ur gildan flair says otherwise 🤔

/s


by the way, is the sizing similar to gildan hoodies? so gildan L is similar to champion L?
theyre like over $100 in canada :(
those screens just break so easily:(
ive broken two ds' :( the original and the lite
amber is baae
holy crisps thats a good dealsies

we canadians arent used to good dealsies
im guessing they live in one door dorms so they really dont have a choice
❤️
well i was half joking, but yeah you can definitely lose weight and see a change in ur jawline :)
stop eatin every 5 minutes

do jaw exercises(look them up theyre pretty easy)

get those korean jaw/neck rollers
one time it feels good to b a thicc boi

feelsgoodman
the only branding is on the inner side of the shoe, still would look nice if they were just branded adidas.
doc martens are slim and shady :)
is everything sold out or is it just not buyable? 
the hotshotgg syndrome
if you want some inspo, my favorite female streetwear people are mija park, christina liu, christina paik, kylie, sarah snyder
i hang them up as well, pants hangers from ikea
one of my all time grails ughh
you underestimate the lengths we go to to meme
im not trying to distress it LOL seeing how its right near my crotch.. im trying to fix it haha
i took them off dw babe 😉😘
dog??
damn these are real slept on so clean
dang i really really like these.. how rare are these and how much did they go for?
ohhh TIL! thanks:)
which is the most accurate?
id love to see these in a different colorway
it was sold out by the time the coupons were handed out so people who expected tees got screwed over pf any chance
whats wrong with *YOUR* lips?
wth that coat looks jazzzy i love it. It fits in your aesthetic rock it man. 
i usedthe wrong pen and it smudged out right quick :( looks real ugly now
w2c?
i know i gotta control these impulse buys but damn.. so tempting
just curious, as someone who used to do keto, why are you limiting your meats?
yeah i saw those at dollarama, are they real cards? i saw some pokemon cards in those packs too..
truetrue
also i don't really like the voice at the beginning, seems a little forced


but my god that music video ❤️
werent one of the characters on new girl on b99 as jake's old partner?
yeah they have the lunarlon insoles, so they're padded like the II's
what an awkward number

key word "props"
which places usually do raffles? other than doing those ig reposts
nah hes agreeing with the other guy, he just structured his sentence awkwardly

his CURRENT haircut is cut by a barber, but he does indeed agree that "he usually cuts it himself"
oh my god that denim jacket is so nice, anyone have an id?
what size and did you go tts?
what? did I just see that? LMFAO
tnf, goose, montblanc, columbia all have nice jackets

source: canadian
overalls

my butts too biggo
hit up thrifts, look around some [bigcartels](https://www.reddit.com/r/streetwear/comments/529ob8/favorite_startup_brandsonline_stores/), go to your local street markets. You just gotta look around.
site sells fakes :(
dang i didn tthink marlham would be mentioned in somewhere like this

but fr real estate is nuts here
i cant wait for their comeback 😍
theyre just knee socks bunched up

try uniqlo
a lot of people say theyre "played out" because they see a lot of people wearing them in the sub, but ive only maybe ever seen one or two people wearing them in real life, and i live in toronto. I personally love these shoes and wouldnt stop wearing them just because some guy on reddit said theyre "played out". Besides, theyre a pair of converse, you can't really play out converse
hows the build quality on the stabilizer? Didn't hear the best things for Neewer
literally woke up to a notification telling me its ready and i thought i was actually still sleeping
those pastel sk8 his look cool but thats about it tbh
possibly nav buttons? unless theyre strictly for pixel phones which dont REALLY make sense
my 3/4 boxy sweater and my cdg cons get a lot of love
yeah thats true, maybe im being a little harsh on the city, but im still super hyped about ns and uniqlo
eugene park looking beautiful as ever
ohh that would make more sense

but yeah dont match feetsies with topsies
toronto is FINALLY getting some nicer stores. Uniqlo opening was also a HUGE success, couldn't go myself, but the lines were crazy
if i cover the yeezys with my hand, its a good fit, but if you wanted to incorporate them, I'd say keep the top neutral and dark, like a black sweater. This way it keeps the attention on the shoes and not elsewhere.
what is that bento box? it looks so compact!
yeah for sure, i wasnt expecting such nice quality on the tees,
not the BEST things in the world but its better than the gildan hoodies most people have id say

no crazy waistband

nice colors

(assuming) nicer quality cotton
lookin like a superhero in a disguise fam
ohh, that makes things easier! thanks
hey how does the shirt fit? i was thinking about buying it awhile ago, but was unsure about sizing
ayy is that the hm camo shirt

my collar on that stretched like a mofo after a couple washes, inly wear it at home now :(
hmm that makes sense! I gonna try to hit up the one opening up downtown toronto soon, actually so happy its finally here
if you have instructions on how to use it, you know youre doing something wrong
yeah, i dont know if sizes vary in different countries, but when i was in korea, i tried on a large and my broad ass shoulders made them looks like kids wear LOL
i hope hes safe :(
dude why do clothes look so weird on asos models

is this just me, cus like any "boxy" tee on asos models look like straight up muscle tees 
transparency hoodie would be amazing, thank you for the giveaway!
his actual reddit user is u/realmarkhamill
are those sleeves raglan?
its his 'brand' or name it looks like, to show that its his pictures and not grabbed from google images. kinda creative way of doing it
nah sorry :( im a tts large 
gonna call some h&ms around me soon, hope canada gets a bunch too 
excited for my metallica tee to come in
aw i really liked his work on the verge, sad to see things ended this way :(
hm.. alright! thanks :)
how can you tell?
side details on that are nice, totally perfect for layering
i like how much effort u put into the outline :) no way i could have the patience to do this on paint
H&M, PacSun, Elwood, UO, Zara, ASOS all should have them
can we have fitpics? i wanna see how it fits
OMG JJANGUU that was my jam as a kid
would have been sick if they were actual bibles

a pastor i know definitely would have rocked this to church every sunday
tote bags and shoulder fanny packs (if thats what they're called) are super popular in korea too. I carry one around in toronto, you just gotta b confident about it.
yeah its pretty sick lighting at a concert lol. im just imaging how awesome it would have been for the people there in person, id say pretty chill-worthy
i do appreciate their work, i like their music and stuff. the only reason i was reconsidering getting the Metallica tee was because i felt that band tees were getting played out, and id like to have something last.

my final decision is to (eventually) get them both, im going to get the metallica tee first, and then a couple months later ill get the striped tee. its sort of expensive to buy both at the same time because im getting it from grailed, and shipping to canada is no joke LOL
holy crap i got chills looking at that damn

ye knows how to put on a show
sunday costco is literally the worst :(
ahhh i miss home :(
lol nahh i live in toronto :(
fk i gave up right at 5:30, nothing was working,couldnt check out :/
chelseas, i like the versatility of them over the quasas 
how does everyone have coke jackets


did they give them to parents in the 80-90s and whisper in their ear "give this to your son one day itll b lit faam"
yeah wtf man its so brainless

like how does supreme do it so well
man pacsun absolutely dropped the goddamn ball on this drop lol i dont think i'll ever buy something from them again im so salty.

whats the point of having a line if youre not going to use it 30 minutes later and then kill the whole website 
looks sweet! :)
Hi
ahh ok! thanks:)
yeah :( only got "confirmation" of S-L
yup lol the bandanna is $14 and shipping is $12 (for canada) lol
lol if my mom saw a travis scott condom in the mail she'll literally cut my penis off
imma try to put mine up on grailed see what i can salvage LOL so disappointed :/ you have to pay for shipping and that and a $10 album i didn't end up listening to that much is not worth
man i got a bandanna

better then a condom but
it like whenever i wear white we always go out to eat something messy af

its unfair :'(
yeah fr

i came in the first day and saw at least 6 other people wearing flame tees. not that thrasher is anything special to begin with, but it made me want to wear it significantly less ngl

made me kinda mad cus it fit really well and its such a comfort/lazy day tee
you don't go to timmies expecting amazing food lol. thats like going to mcdonalds and expecting some five star gourmet burgers

sometimes you need something cheap and processed :)
right now one of my favorite and most worn outfits are


-Black white logo thrasher tee


-h&m black sweatshorts


-cdg cons high

just really simple in terms of complexity, great for the weather we've been having, and for school
honestly one the best art thats come out of this sub, keep it going man 
sweet list :) been looking for something like this
you dont go to op's grandma's house?
what model levis did you get?
I LOVE YOUR DOG
Tron
got the album and hoping i got the free giveaway but hella disappointed with the merch :(

^(maybe theres a reason theyre giving it away ^^dont ^^hurt ^^me)
i think he means a small inspo album
its super hot in nyc rn and these models are wearing full on winter jackets :/

maybe next time they should run the show inside
really like those caps, keep it up! :)
i saw it a couple days ago, and until then i never heard of this movie - no trailers no nothing (i even thought the main character was a girl until my friend told me). i went in with almost no expectations and came out speechless on how great it was, easily one of my favorite movies so far this year. 
red maple and high tech :)
toronto, ON
i was at an h&m and one dude came up to me and asked where i got my sweater tee from, it sucked when i told him i got it from korea :(
shoot sorry i left but if i stop by again and these are still there i would love to :)
Red Maple and High Tech
yeah im super hyped for that!

except we have to wait two years :(
their newer tees are cut and sew, don't know too much about their older ones tho
[here u go](http://www.stromoctober.com/)
ur hair is so nice omg
theyd probably make good running shoes!
fkk i want a nordstrom rack so badly in toronto :(

theres an actual nordstrom coming downtown next month but the rack is coming 2018 ughh
dont take a doo doo when your shirt is drying or itll smell ;)
keep it simple, make the sweater your staple piece. That means less loud of a tee, and maybe some black jeans. Even some lighter jeans would work well. Vans is fine here imo, though :)
do you ship internationally? (Canada) :)
shipping from where?
i miss being able to order it straight to your house


i miss korea ;(
its from h&m
im on the opposite end of the spectrum, need to lose my love handles :(
i like to imagine this guy always has that side of the jacket open to casually let everyone know hes flexin LOL

^but ^for ^real ^i ^like ^this
i could see these looking good in some gothic techwear fits, but the whole sock fit on the ankle on the uncaged boosts look so odd to me. i wish they kept the tongue from the caged boosts
i knew i recognized the model
may take long to do it by hand tbh!
got so many pieces i liked from uni when i was in korea, so glad its finally coming to canada
hey now

sudden isnt SO bad ;\^)
man i love the content this channels been putting out
yeah, from the website layout i could tell they were related to zara LOL

yup theyre all over korea! they sell them in places like festivals, tourist hotspots, and markets, really tasty stuff
if you dont [live in the countries](http://i.imgur.com/pPAxxlp.png) with a shopping bag icon, you can't order it :( . they're based in europe, i've actually never heard of this brand until recently
http://www.bershka.com/kr/man/new-collection/jackets/kimono-c1010046173p100536514.html?colorId=505 here u goo
https://imgur.com/a/hqQFZ one of my favorites, not super hypebeasty, but its still really nice :)
creme or white
i can get teavana for free/discounted so im not complaining
yeah i used to use a rack in korea too, clothes dried in like 2 hours and it was sweet (but if you left it out for too long it started to smell) LOL but im back in canada and just hang dry in my room
wait how do you hang dry without a hanger

do you use a[ rack](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/G/01/aplusautomation/vendorimages/dd870738-ef3e-49d9-ad57-6a6befdb32c1.jpg._CB329120743_.jpg)?
frigg i want a coogi sweater so bad
same here in toronto lol its timbs and canada goose
not op but from this photo i'd say you treat it like an overcoat, and make it the flex piece - dont overdo it elsewhere.
there was actually b99 on a flight i took recently, i was so excited
only reddit would turn a cute gif of a dog reacting to its reflection to whether god exists or not
oversized basics that i can buy locally... maybe im not looking hard enough lol
how thick is the 'crust' can we see pictures? im interested..
i audibly "aww'd" :')
tracer pants
timberlands are a classic
york region bois
oh my god i actually have that hat but in blue
korean genes

im on the other end of korean genes tho, im the only one in my family with hair on my legs :(
i think theyre finally realizing these sell well
ohh thats awesome! must have been a hell of a work out! and here i thought you were playing tekken lol
what game? also what was your figure like, if you dont mind me asking
how can you tell? not saying youre wrong, just wondering
[uniqlo](https://m.uniqlo.com/us/product/men-ma-1-bomber-jacket-178772.html?color=57) bombers are great!
theyre a really neat silhouette but how are they wearing that in rio it looks warm af
i bet it does hurt your seoul :(
bad granny
Personally i wouldnt really use a fit battle app. Rather than an app, a well designed website focused on fit battles that also works well on mobile would be a better choice.

As for wdywt, i think stickied reddit posts are fine for discussion, feedback, etc.
cant wait man :)
i would love the black wavelength tee shirt!

also do you have new sizing measurements for the new cut&sew tees?
i mean they have two silver and two bronze medals, if thats not *something* i dont know what is
hell i mght go to seaworld just to cop this and ive never been to seaworld
did he stutter
nah those r shibes
i think glasses work on him, but different frames. i agree on the hair tho, cut that hair and lemme see that pretty face 😘

^no ^homo
thank you! this is the closest i can find, but it looks like it requires quite a bit of practice and skill.

thanks again!
we need a sub for them ❤
i think he means like when it becomes worn by more people, it makes it "less exclusive" in a way
maybe bring it to a tailor and replace the brim with a different one off a different hat
they only come in full sizes so if your feet arent too wide a 7 will do

http://nomadshop.net/collections/footwear/products/cdgplay-converse-high-wht these guys downtown have a size 7

since its canada you probably wont get cheaper than $190
holy crap i just realized all the kanto starters are reptiles


^oh ^my ^god
rock that stache
COP IT OR ELSE I WILL
\#5!
\#BRINGTOBYBACK
dior sauvage, got it at a duty free shop at the airport a couple weeks ago and ive been lovng it
if youre looking for cheap stuff check out 홍데 and 명동, places like that hav a lot of small shops that hold some quality clothes for the low (these are places to look out for fakes and reps, so just watch out for that)

hit up Shinsaegae in busan, its the largest shopping complex in the world, also has a cdg mini store!
i didnt know how much i needed this until now
i knew i recognized this photo

^r/streetwear ^we ^out ^here
내 맘을 비춰~
U U U U
make sure your hangers are thick enough so it doesnt leave hanger marks on the shoulder. wooden hangers from ikea are the best, they even have separate, wider attachments for the hanger to prevent further creasing
whered you get the pants and top? sweet fit my man
hows the fog denim quality? similar to h&m? also can i get a link?
what kind of shoes are you supposed to use shoe trees for?
im gonna miss wearing sweatshorts every other day but yess i hate heat
loud patterns? what kind of loud patterns?
flotus is prob wearing no shows


not wearing socks r crusty
omg that reminds me

theres this machine you can buy from LG or something it like freshens your clothes and steams them forgot what its called but its advertised everywhere in korea where im staying rn. i want one so bad

EDIT: [i found it ](https://youtu.be/viouQJleeg4) but its like $2000 frig
make sure you hang it and flatten it out while its wet or itll wrinkle when it dries
biogod the 6ix prince
what!! is he canadian?? o man thats awesome
hey, not op.

i find that the drawstrings on hm shorts are stitched down so they dont fall out, how do you replace them?
it wont ruin the pink leather?
right? sadly the handbags quite old, and my mom got it as a mothers day gift around 7 years ago, so she values that specific one a lot :(

got the strap fixed for free at least
ye oops tried to wipe my butt with it

desperate times
dont have lighter fluid with me but ill keep this in mind! thanks :)
ill have to try this! thanks :)
nah so apparently my mom went to go get the purse strap fixed and the guy at the shop put the purse on a table on top of some shoe shine, then he proceeded to smudge it in lol what a nightmare
are those fog my man
oh
hes "bending" get it
went from doublelift to hauntzer

looks good :)
its a png problem! im not sure why exactly but this has even happened to windows picture viewer for some of my photos.
shoot really? is folding better?
reignover hyung~~
i mean theres nothing wrong with that though! i think it looks cool and will go well into your rotation if you dont have anything like it.
i miss the old jontron
did you size up a couple times for that tee fit?
gilfoyle's outfits are 👌
OCAD WE OUT HERE
whys it so big wth
oh interesting! any product? there's this "no-poo" movement that supposedly makes your hair easier to work with and less dry and thin. I could never do it, my asian hair genes make it greasy af after one day of no shampoo
how thick is your hair? looks dope..

do you shampoo it at all?
most likely yeah
any replacement for halo top in canada?
oh man that fur sheddin
i got this in the korean google keyboard and i thought it was only going to stay there! glad to see it in the main app
thank you so much!
i THINK it might be something like [this?](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/f2/8a/a1/f28aa1c667745bafa95f4a5b1d190879.jpg)

How would you go about achieving this look? I have fairly thin and light hair
sorry for the bad picture, i can't find any more pictures of it, but it looks like some sort of undercut with a 3:7 part, with long hair. How would you achieve this look?
great review!

honestly my favorite bigcartel brand out there right now, planning to cop something very soon
man why are ray bans so expensive q.q
some says his grandma sew it herself
could i get a link? is it just a regular tee sized up a couple times?

(srry ive never been to a uniqlo 😗)
the whole markham/richmond hill area is covered by drowzee help i just want an eevee
reminds me of erlich from sillicon valley
are you in america? live in canada and I'm leaving the country in a week, wonder if itll come in time..
what the hell thats 7th tall? 😨
100% sure
lucky star was cool
clothes hanger and put it on the frame of a door
hey i have that same bobble head!
LOL same here! first week i got into streetwear i thought i was the coolest cat walking into zumiez and picking up the hoodie

crap was $60 man wth, fit awfully too
i got a hundreds crewneck once


never wore it
looks cool

I think this post is more suited for r/sneakers, they'll like them better than /r/streetwear will
hm... may cop
i found rows and rows of diamond products at my local winners

also found a bunch of elwood baseball jerseys (in canada)
I like the pureboost the best here

on an unrelated note, how is these new pureboosts for running?
did he stutter
any cheaper alternatives to FOG tees?

i love your aesthetic man, sickest fits and you pull it off so well
pre sure gildan :(
ohh i see
stopped for what, if i may ask?
its the rage thats keeeping him alive

scaring cancer away
nearly $10 in cad

o my
just keep them man. im canadian too and ive been dying to get some on my feet. Keep them and rock them, i hear theyre comfy
W's literally a spine crawler LOL looks dope tho
dont discount my boy aaron paul!
dammm these are out of this world
how high are your socks? i need some higher socks too LOL
u can always just throw yourself off the map and change, but yeah i agree
did you size up? might have looked the way you wanted if you did
you should probably go check that out 😨
a lot of places have this sort of thing. [like in quebec](https://img1.etsystatic.com/062/0/10137907/il_570xN.777557667_slok.jpg)
tfw ur a tracer main and everyone hates u :(
i love your hats so much man

would love the LOW JAMS cap
ughhh i wish they made a leftie version.. :(
PLAY OF THE GAME
DAAMN i really like this

it just looks so comfy omg
diy god
:(
play arund with VSCO filters
ayyy yeah theyre having a summer sale its dooope
shirt #8 please!
shes *our* national mascot <3
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
that doesnt cause it to shrink? interesting..
LOL these look like something you get out of a kinder surprise chocolate 
[I got this.](https://www.amazon.com/Gildan-Unisex-Hooded-Sweatshirt-Hoodie/dp/B011LNK2ZM/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1466222320&sr=8-1&keywords=gildan+hoodie) pretty comfy and sort of wearable on colder summer days
yeah! theyre different blends of cotton, some are cheaper/different feel than others. check on their website for more information 
i remember when these things were popping out on this sub every day for a couple months
pretty gross aesthetic tbh
[I GOT U](https://i.imgur.com/KAQMmR7.jpg)
everything here is fog but yeah you can def replicate this with cheaper alternatives
IIIIIITSS ROCKY!!!
no like the whole "floating e" thing
damn i really wish I got the black zipper pants instead of the olive


the fit looks clean though! I wore the same thing expect with jeans a couple days ago
kinda new the lc'ing and ive heard the term being used a lot, what does it mean?
[oh my god this guy is hilarious](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ET_FBFPjYGs)
GIRLS DAY EVERYDAY 
winners has some dope timberland socks that are super comfy
yeah joggers would def make this fit 10x better
[ECKS DEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1b2_73DZ2Dw&feature=youtu.be)
would also like a link <3
yeah he posted recently that his hat got on the kardashian show or somethin
much like how its high noon somewhere
its on her ig
rocket league please! heard so much about it and its been on my wishlist for awhile now