yes, yes he did. everyday we stray further from gods light.
Samsung already have something in its place, but will gladly adopt and modify the AOSP version to their liking. They will not disable it.
At least you're in UK so you can hit up a Samsung store and see if they can reflash it. That should fix it.
Pretend you're sick and live alone and cant raise your child so he goes to a different home.

Only way to get rid of kid without killing him?
You too
Because that's where you're at, nothing to do with your team.

If the game thinks you can be higher, you will be getting like 40-50sr per win after placing until you get to where you're supposed to be, if not then congrats buddy you're diamond.
Shhh... He's one of those golds who thinks clicking mercies head is the best way to deal with her even tho she was severely broken.
It's a regression tbh
Doesn't press enter after typing in search, uses mouse to click the magnifying glass search icon.
They for sure do, but it's more than likely not anywhere on the internet outside of Iran.
Well flies and roaches the most common bugs in Iran, barely any spiders. I only saw two in my 12 years therez but thousands of roaches and flies.
Persians, most of them come from Turkish backgrounds and the majority of the country speaks Azerbaijan Turkish.
What's the point of keeping consoles on same patch when you can just update pc and have consoles just catch up as fast as they can? (Which is still weeks)

I'm genuinely curious.
Does it matter, he's just as immature as a 12 year old
Come to /r/cow where we have plenty of drama and 90% of us are expert game analysts who think they can fix SHD/Dallas with a single Reddit comment.
No.
If one picture is enough for you to call an entire country a shithole then you're jumping to conclusions way too early and assuming everything.
God fucking dammit this meme is old but gold. I remember seeing it in a few threads years ago.
I fucking love this meme.
Same here, if my finger is like very barely slightly moist, it absolutely will not work. If there is very little dust, it will not work, if the weather is too humid, it will not work.

I miss the iris scanner on my Note 8, always worked when fingerprint sensor didn't. I know there's face unlock on 2XL but it needs a swipe to unlock and isnt as secure.
what....

this is the most stupid and pointless video I've seen in a while. I have so many questions...
Same issue here, got my B+ today and wanted to restore my backup and it's not working.
That would be too much effort for a newly Scumbag company like Rockstar.
Make sure to get the 2018 ones.
It's like the one tricks have the devs in their pockets (not really just comparing)
> without getting the full facts about the situation. Don't join the list

Again, ironic.
JUST DEFLECT THE TURRETS LUUUUUL 4HEAD EZ CLAP
> You aren't as smart as you think you are. 

Ironic.

OP, you're making yourself look stupid, you're not going to convince anyone otherwise. Don't waste your breath.
thatsthepoint.jpg

It's called a League for a reason.
Gotta get them contendies in
Stop it pls, I had to take years of therapy for PTSD after watching that shit. Don't remind me.
TERMINATE! TERMINATE! TERMINATE! TERMINATE!
Well it's not mandatory, hijab is. You dont need to wear a chador.
No but the bench Mickie bandwagon must go on.
You're caring too much about a small change which you won't notice. Turn off your latency counter.
Seagull did and would've outperformed aKm on all maps.
OGE should've stayed on orisa, having no shield in last fight bit them in the ass.
#**NO U**
Are you sure the S9+ took those pics in f1.5? Try it again in pro mode and manually choose f1.5.
Wait you sure you're talking about the mini? and what do you mean z axis support? the tower frame on the mini is super solid and stable, there is no need for external support.
They changed the way the Z rods connect to the frame of the printer, the new design is basically the same as the upgrade that you had to do for the V1, there is no need for them, think of it has pre-upgraded from factory.
Wait...
No need for any Z Support if this is the V2 model (which from the picture it is, V2 is black, V1 doesnt have black model)
Try nozzle at 250C, retraction at 1MM @30MM/s and change your extrusion from 100% to 103% (or add 3% on whatever your current rate is.)
No, just a bunch of screws to open and keep track of, pretty easy.
We all know PETG is best. Nothing compares.
Seagull hates scouts. Seagull hates tracer. Seagull will hate himself.
Just get up to like 4100 and you'll be safe. Won't go higher than that probably
Cocco tracer?
Carryhook soldier PogChamp
No, but it's nice to have and nice to know you have a working and non bloat version instead of trying to find a legit one on your own.
Nah I'm kind of a logix sayaplayer famboy already.
I just wish something like Google Fiber was here :(
I agree, I'm just waiting for someone else to launch fiber in my area, Verizon has been nothing but bad customer support and BS like this for me so far.

Atleast the speeds are consistent (when not throttled), so that's nice.
Better than the Dallas shitshow LMAO
Yes

EDIT: Seems capped at 1400, with a VPN it ranges from 130,000 to 240,000
I'm done. We Florida now bois
Hello? Seagull? Taimou? Oh apparently they don't exist.
Full speed, about 890Mb/s at 10PM.
Yeah that's what I thought too, but I honestly don't see anything else affecting YouTube at my home.

My download speeds are normal and where they should be, but it's just YouTube that is getting throttled.
Then you should update using Smart Switch on PC. And yes, everyone does have it.
You can also replace your board with a RAMPS v1.4 board and run stock Marlin. That has it built in and it's your only option without buying a new printer.
Name a more iconic duo
No, as far as I know only Monoprice has the V2 model. Buying the latest stock from Amazon or direct from Monoprice should have it.
Not supposedly, it is. Everyone has it, including me.
Oreo is released for T-Mobile Note 8
Hmm I might be, don't know that much about the CSGO scene.
Maylan M200 is the outdated V1 design, your printer does NOT have thermal runaway protection, be careful!


Can confirm, cheapo hacksaw (the one with the fine threads meant for metal) can cut this metal in a few min if you go on it.
Because those heroes are countered and not in the meta. Monkey dva easily counter and rein zarya combo is too slow to play against dive. 

This is why they buffed reaper mei and berfed dva to help other comps win against dive but not very effective so far, dive reins supreme.
Hey just re-reading this comment and realized what you were really asking lol, answer is I paused it before it ran out, maybe like 50mm of filament remaining.
No she's not lol, she's only as OP as whoever is playing her, much like widow, zen and soldier. You need aim, good positioning and game sense to get kills, not just BS absilities, just like the other heroes I mentioned.
Good.
Huh, last one for me was a black box with a magenta T logo on it, inside it was the magenta box.
thank mr mod man
I guess but everyone who has played the game for a bit knows that Symmetra already is DPS. I hope with this new classification comes a fresh and well designed kit.
She already is DPS? That's basically her primary secondary use right now, short range dps with support utility like tp/shield gen and her shield and turrets.
Stop it before I kill mhself.
4D chess level SR only
yeah but mcsnipefuckyoucree countered her pretty well considering how OP he was back then
who woulda thought
"christmas tree"
Still better than aKm LUL
True, I think a good and fair Nerf is the tire dies if the junkrat controlling it gets killed. It just plain doesn't make sense that you can die and still controller your ult. Finding a safe spot close enough should be part of the skill set which the tire needs and has none of.
My disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined.
Wait what? What happened in the clip? I don't get it
/r/theydidthemath
No it's Jake
25 is not too much for an ult which has the potential for an instant 6k. Much like barrage.
Bluetooth camera : *coming soon*

Just like moshi dongle
Did your mom buy the phone because you got good grades?
Lol enjoy the wait, people have started saying Snapdragon is the better phone this year but forget the majority if S9's sold are Exynos which means Samsung will pay a lot more attention to the Exynos model.
Oof
Seems like buying a different phone is the easiest solution for now. It's a shame Google went this route. Sure, Bluetooth might someday be just as good, but that day ain't today.
Are you his father?
I just spent an hour browsing the top posts of that sub.

I fucking hate you.
When IDDQD is benched even on the benched team
Typicall OnePlus, bought the 5, not going back again probably.

If they cared even slightly about anything but quick sales then maybe, but it's clear they don't.
I just meant so people don't confuse it with SuperSU.
Yeah a different name would be good, something unique.
what...? Is this the same guy that said you're holding it wrong?
They can use Android, they just can't use Google Play on it.
I mean if they're over there, and we're over here, what's the problem? I don't want to know the opinions of an attack torn anyways.
Absolute unit
Why would they do that for a non issue
Effect. He will melt you with his rage stare alone
East coast is total garbage rn
Dreamkaz.... I stopped before I went there.
Taimou mercy and cocco on genji
Seagull plays genji and junkrat, but management at df don't know seagull is a player, much like cocco.
Fuck
The bar thing has been like that since T-Mobile branded Android phones have existed.
My disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined
Thanks, I already have a Microswiss on here and I'm very sure it's just debris stuck in there.

This didn't happen and when changing filament, pulling out my filament, it came out like a looped shape and probably left some right before the heatbreak. I'll tear it down and find it.

I'll definitely replace the gear, was going to do it anyways.

thanks
$12000 fine and released if Blizzard found out
> Space said that

> Space is a main tank

ohno.jpg

> $8000 fine, 2 month suspension, public apology, donate to charity
This was explained by them, PowerSpec is Microcenters own brand. Selling it under PowerSpec allows them to handle the warranty themselves which means the warranty is US based instead of China based. This is the deal they have with Wanhao. 

Other than the PowerSpec branding, it's the i3 Plus. It even says power by Wanhao under the big PowerSpec logo on the top of the frame. 

EDIT: Here it is on their website: http://www.microcenter.com/product/486543/WanHao_Duplicator_I3_PLUS_3D_Printer
No it's 100% the extruder motor, the noise stops when it's not extruding but just traveling.

The print is still going and it's still making the noise so no way is it scratching against glass.
That's probably why then, before changing filament, my old filament came out in a super weird shape, wouldnt be surprised if a piece got left behind. I'll take it apart after this print, thanks.

Also what do you mean by Wanhao clone? As far as I'm aware, this machine isn't really a clone of other machines, it's its own product. There are clones based on this machine however.
It's definitely the motor, everytime it retracts and travels, the sound stops. I'm 100% sure it's the motor just don't know why its making that sound.
i3 Plus, printing ABS at 255C and 100C on bed.

Used S3D to slice at 0.97 extrusion rate and this is the first time ever it is making this noise, never heard it before. Any ideas?
No, the V2 is still a beast which also has a better hot end design (e3d clone vs some other chinese design on V1).

Overall, if you want to spend a lot of time on your machine, I'd go with V1 and upgrade the shit out of it, but otherwise both are perfectly sound choices.
I'm a plat Sym One trick and my feelings of how competitive should handle one tricks is more important than the majority of Overwatch players.
If you said that on /r/Overwatch then you would've been downvoted to bell.
Found the CS player.
But... But... All the gold console players will be mad at Blizzard???
Yes but flying is a pain because of how much input it needs and how inaccurate keybaords are because when you press a key down, it's 100% down and not line a joy stick or trigger which can go varying amounts. Same with driving, it's good enough but controller is better.
Bitch doesn't deserve correct spelling
coming this fall 2018
it's just a game after all, he understands that and so should everyone.
so boosting = end of world

cheating in another similarly competitive game and getting banned = oh its fine
Samsung have their own theme engine which can and could be manipulated with your own themes long, long before Google implemented anything related to themeing in native Android.

If you have a Samsung, Android P is not a worry for themeing. It is if you have anything else though.
My disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined
Don't forget the gold mercy mains
250C
stop. playing. you will make it worse. come back after a week or two weeks. or even next season.
Just get $15 inland from Amazon, faster shipping and guaranteed decent quality.
No, doubt PETG is digestible.
It's safe to say I'm looking for employment opportunities after making this.
It's PETG lol
It's just an i3 plus lol, well tuned.
0.24 with a 0.6mm nozzle
It's a bit messy because I was careless when pausing and resuming the print but I have my machine dialed in pretty nicely, thanks!
You're welcome to try
LOL
BibleThump
PETG 250C 75C 30MM/S printed on i3 Plus with micro Swiss hotend
I do 1mm at 30MM/s and it works fine at 205C
Make sure you get a Mosfet for your bed. Also definitely do the upgrades the other commend mentioned.
LG: what's that? never heard of it.
Oh hey btw, the mount they guy used in github won't work the Plus, I changed the screw holes so they fit on the i3 Plus.

Here you go: https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:2857798
Yes, I used this specific fork of the advi3++ firmware (LCD firmware came original, Arduino firmware came from this form) and wired my BLTouch exactly like the author did in the readme of the fork.

Note: you can't download a precompiled version, you need to download the formed version in source and compile it and flash it to your printer using Arduino IDE.

https://github.com/weidercs/ADVi3pp-Marlin/blob/advi3%2B%2B/README.md
If theres no fan on the back then it's 100% a V1.
Are you sure it's a V2? Can you post pics? It's most likely a V1 that was refurbished with some V2 parts like buildtak bed.
You motherfucker.
Just flash advi3++? It has all the safety features enabled and it's open source Marlin so you can modify it however you want. I added auto bed levelling with that firmware to my i3+
/r/greentext
Yeah it's amazing how he talk through everything he does, when I play tracer, I always shut up and focus on aim and positioning and listening to team calls. There is no way I'd be able to analyze myself using words while playing.
We're comparing that to a potential sex offender? Seriously?
If you're so good and stuck in elo hell, get a new account and see where you really belong on a fresh template.
Damn, I think Dafran might be best Tracter on the west side of the world outside of OWL right now. Any other players close to him?
Near loss? It was a loss, and a near win.
*high pitched voice*

hahahahahahahahahaah

lets go duude
what the fuuuck duuude
Ward is amazing! He plays so well in season 3!
It's impressive how accurately you describe where you belong.
request desktop mode in chrome
This guy fucks.
This guy fucks.
There's an app called PDANet literally does the same thing and it doesn't need root.

When I say literally does the same thing, I mean it literally does the same thing.

It creates a hotspot that works over USB with your computer and instead of using hotspot data, it makes it look like your phone is using all the data so the carriers cant find out its hotspot.
No, hardware was there, but software support wasn't.

The modem with MSM8998 had 5.0 included.
It might be, but then again what did you expect adding another point of failure to one of the most used parts of the phone, audio.
[Is this the file you're talking about?](https://i.imgur.com/N8A6TK0.png)
Don't run at full speed with PETG. I run mine at 30% at 250C and I get insane layer adhesion.
I think it's similar to Essential since they're both AB Partition treble devices. I'll look around tho, thanks!
Is there anyway for me to edit the text and logo? I would love this on my Pixel 2 XL! Looks amazing!
Who said anything about legally
Good luck on your game against Philly! Definitely winnable
J LUL K E
It was due yesterday
Bananas!
Actually it's more Razer Phone quality.
You can with Magisk if you root. If you don't, you can use it on stock without root.
I got a BLTouch installed, basically just flash this custom fork of another custom open source firmware and follow the exact wiring that OP did in the fork description.

Warning: before you start finding your Z Offset, set it to 0 first so it doesn't fuck up your bed.

https://github.com/weidercs/ADVi3pp-Marlin
No, absolutely not. This uses eng kernel which only works with Samsung firmware and can be flashed because it's signed by Samsung.

AOSP needs it's own kernel and since the bootloader is locked, it is impossible to use your own kernel on the phone.

There is however AOSP for Exybos on the S9.
Because it's AT&T and you're stuck with the heinous bloatware and locked bootloader

;(
Cheapskate Redmi experience

I too, can make a shit joke.
If the next person is a main tank then insta release.
It only causes you to permanently lose Samsung Pay. There are no side effects.
There is no "Knox root blocking"

If you buy the Exynos version, you can root it and load whatever the hell you want on it.
Only true upgrade to the Note 4 tbh, Note 7 would count too but you know...
Really? All USB-C based Samsung Phones support DisplayPort over USB-C so just plug in any modern USB-C to HDMI adapter and you have full support. It's true they are bringing it back mainly only for DeX but they haven't locked it and the feature is fully supported so why is it bad?
It's been dropped permanently and was replaced by DisplayPort over USB-C which is superior. It's been there since the Note 7.
:(
They wouldn't survive with the consumer protection laws in EU.
No. Please, no.
Smaller spools of niche filament in general is definitely good if possible! Especially super expensive stuff.
This reminds me, I should thank whoever is responsible for sorting out the mess that was my local Micro center and turning it into this: https://www.reddit.com/r/3Dprinting/comments/84iy13/microcenter_is_a_godsend_for_us_impatient_ones/

Oh and I also meant to ask, is there a specific reason you guys carry PowerSpec printers instead of Wanhao? I know it says powered by Wanhao but what's the point of it saying PowerSpec too?
Same here
Shanghai gonna pull a Mayhem on DF
Nice! Looking forward to trying out but just gotta get BLtouch activated first.
It doesn't, it's just microcenter
Hey! I got the same printer and just wanted to let you that mine didn't turn on out of the box. I called you guys and the store had no idea and just said to return it.

Being the lazy person I am, I popped it open instead and noticed that the internal power supply had a switch for 220V or 120V and it was on 220V.

The store had no idea about this, maybe stores that sell the printer should know this so that people don't end up returning a fully functional printer?

The older i3 models had the switch exposed so you could change it without opening it up but the i3+ is supposed to be automatic, however mine wasn't and had to open up the bottom to get to the switch.

Just thought I'd let you know.
I think having some variety would be good, some cheapo Chinese stuff and the good expensive stuff. Like my microcenter is filled with inland hut they also have a whole shelf of protopasta filament.
Ouch
ffs
Because it's like saying clash of clans is an esport. That game can't be taken seriously.
Fortnite is not an esport and never should be. It will be more dead than your pet fish which you forgot to feed after a month.
Like 2
Fuel vac ban?

Seriously? noooo

Dallas fuel VAC BAN???

nooooooo
Honestly tracer can only be as good whoever is playing her, much like widow and soldier which is why they need little balancing.

Some other heroes with "no-skill" cheap abilities like Brigitte and Moira are annoying af tho
It's treason then
I wish it was still die, die, die
What about Lijiang?
?
S O L I D U N I T
Ironic.
**A B S O L U T E     U N I T**
Just flash to T-Mobile firmware with Odin. No need to use that cancerous bloat infested ATT version.
Just use Magisk.
That's not what OP is asking.
Pretty much 98% the exact same as Nougat.
https://imgur.com/a/aWCck

That is on my main PC alone, I've also used about 300GB of WiFi (not LTE) on my phone and I'm sure the 3 other people who live in my house have also used quite a bit. I'm 100% sure our total house usage is above 2TB a month. 

500GB is a limit from 2009, people use way more data now.
It's not just Panama, it's a lot of other countries too. And before anyone says it could be because of their relationship with the US or anything like that, UAE is also not on that list which is a major tourist destination and are allies with the US. Hell, ESL even had a CSGO major hosted there.
It's not more than the Mini, link you posted is overpriced.

Microcenter originally had it for $200 but it is now $180 and has been for weeks.

This is the Wanhao version of the exact same printer: http://www.microcenter.com/search/search_results.aspx?Ntt=i3+mini
Glad I could help with the firmware lol, this looks like something I might attempt.

Any guide/tutorial used? What parts did you need to do this?
I don't think enough people know about or use VPN's for it to be a huge problem for carriers that they would block it.

Besides, there are many different types and kinds of VPN's. It would be very difficult for them to completely block it. Entire governments of countries can't block all VPN's. I'm also sure by blocking VPN's, they would lose customers who use VPN for their work like connecting to their workplace servers securely.
Wonder what you would've got with 4x4 MIMO on a T-Mobile Note 8.
I'll be switching carriers when that happens. 
Just use a VPN, T-Mobile can't throttle video if you use a VPN. I'm paying for unlimited, I'll use my data.
Having two identical supplies or one huge supply is your safest bet. I wouldn't recommend using two different power supplies. Especially if you need more than 600W as you're saying.
WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1WM1
Yeah only downside, but for that price I'm sure you can install one yourself.
We need this permanently stickied as a reminder of what to avoid lol
24V 25A is 600W. Are you sure your machine needs more? Especially since you just said the bed is powered separately from the DC power supply.
24V 25A should be plenty. If your machine is 12V and you step down the voltage, that's 12V 50A which is more than enough for a standard sized machine.
I meant overall coming over from Nexus phones too. Some stuff has been removed like wireless charging.
Streisand effect in action.
Huh that's ironic
Clever ain't you, you must be fun at parties.
Whoah, where'd the salt come from?
Understandable, post deleted.
You lurker, I literally posted this 10 seconds ago. It got a down vote in like 2 seconds.
Np lol, good luck.
No because if fuel did that, there'd at least be a chance for players to play their preferred role. Fuel is like having opposite day everyday.
Rip
It's funny, of all the useful features they ditched on this phone, they kept that one lol. Keep it classy Google.
Everything but liquid trapezoids.
You don't need auto bed level if you don't need a level bed.
It's not like we're a million strong community. Relatively small compared to other Reddit communities.
It's April Fools lol
What?...
I think FDM printing sounds more believable than something like a LaserJet printer tbh
Because a printer isn't only injection molded parts. There's all the electronics, quality checks and firmware. If injection molding really gave them that much of an improvement in getting printers out, they'd probably do it. But the production process is likely lengthened by something else so just using your printer farm would be just as effective and cheaper since your already doing it.
SLA has nothing on this.
Oh shits it's a mod! Act cool.


Uhh yeah... It's not a 2D printer no... It runs Marlin!
Even better, get some PEI
Wait...
What firmware did you flash? You can modify the source code in Arduino IDE and change build volume.
I'm not OP. You should reply to OP instead. As a matter of fact, I actually switched to RAMPS on my Mini lol.
I downvoted your comment to find out. I'm not going to remove my down vote.



^1v1 ^me ^scrub
https://www.aliexpress.com/store/product/trianglelab-TL-FlexPlate-System-3D-Printer-Accessories-Print-Bed-Tape-Print-Sticker-Build-Plate-Tape-FlexPlate/1654223_32855045635.html?spm=2114.12010612.0.0.63272368sryRWr
Exynos S7 Edge to Snapdragon S8+

Locked bootloader made me return that thing in a few days. Never buying a phone with a locked bootloader again.
ohboy
Sounds like a troll account. Let him waste his life trolling on Reddit, don't bother.
Isn't calling xQc racist beating a dead horse at this point? He's not racist.
i3 Plus with Advi3++ and BLTouch. Some other mods like all metal hot end, PEI bed and Cii cooler.
I meant the MP Select Mini. That is not Select Mini firmware.

EDIT: I'm retarded. I thought the original comment was asking what firmware MY printer has, not the Mini. The Mini runs Monoprice's own version of Marlin which does not have auto PID tune.
Ok, let me know if anything goes wrong.
https://github.com/weidercs/ADVi3pp-Marlin/blob/advi3%2B%2B/README.md
Buy both!
Advi3++ with auto bed level enabled.
Yeah what's up?
Those diamonds are probably Moira players.

If I see a Moira alone, I absolutely will not touch that lil shit unless I have a guaranteed kill like a flashbang it a fuck you solo ult.
I found some rubber foam like weather seal for windows at home Depot.
I don't think you can do that on a Mini. If you can then I must be illinformed.
The PLA mount for my BL Touch actually softened up and got hung lol, I'll have to print it in ABS. Yeah I'll see about cooling for electronics. Thanks.
Monster ultra black > everything
Hey! Print failed but I printed it eventually, working great! Thanks a lot!
In theory, it should every single Note 8 that gets SIM Unlocked.

Since VZW Note 8 is unlocked from factory it works so someone has to test it on a Sprint, ATT or TMB Note 8 that is unlocked.
More pictures: https://imgur.com/a/ZdLdF

Just need to add a proper filtration system, a temperature monitor and some lighting.

It's using a full Ikea lack table on top of a lack table top and some hardwood I got from home Depot. 

I printed some raisers which made the height higher fitting my i3 plus. If anyone wants them I can leave a link just say so.
at this point its going to be hard to surprise me with a ghetto spool holder
*literally any small issue with any OnePlus phone or criticism of any design by OnePlus*

#OnePlus: **WE'RE A SMALL COMPANY**
No, it was just a sad attempt at circlejerk.
8k fine, banned for 2 stages released and media calls your homophobic.
[Thanks! Printing now...](https://i.imgur.com/LUb2VZW.jpg)
> I'm sure their quality control is better than that

This is Google we're talking about.
Yeah that's why you use glue stick when printing new materials lol
It's looking good, do you have a link for that screw your printer out also?
Yeah link isnt working for me either, thanks.
Also here, I have a different color of this same brand and type of filament (transparent red), I highly recommend this as a higher tier filament to inland.

https://www.amazon.com/eSUN-1-75mm-Natural-Printer-filament/dp/B00MVIPG80/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1522293024&sr=8-3&keywords=natural+pla#customerReviews
What material are you looking for? I'd recommend inland overall, all their filament is cheap and good. I have their clear PETG and it prints exceptionally well.

There are a lot of other brands on Amazon you can try.
100% infill or 0% infill will make it transparent.

Lower layer heights and higher extrusion multipliers will help with transparency.
D.VA falls into the same category as Reaper if we are calling her hitscan. It's more shotgun with no range than hitscan. Hitscan needs to be accurate and have atleast some range.
ohno

RUN
Yes, you will get it when T-Mobile gets it.
It won't change your certification, it allows your to use Google Apps without being certified.
the logo perfectly resembles shadders personality.

There's some dark shit behind there...
Could you also upload your design with the screw mount onto thingiverse? I would love to use the PS Eye with my i3 Plus but I need a good mount and this seems amazing!
That's why I said at least lol
Oh it sees way more interest than any Pixel ever will. At least 5x as much people own that phone than any Pixels.
8k and he also gets release before stage 4 and a 2 game ban extended to 1 stage ban by the parent org
It's definitely up thete. Razer are known for having bass heavy earphones and headphones and their DAC shows it a bit.

It doesn't blow it out so it's unlistenable but it's definitely towards the bass side with a really good punch in the mids.

I highly recommend it over any cheap dongle that comes with a phone and over most phones built in dacs.
Thank you.
Try 3mm retraction at 30mm/s. I have those and it works perfectly.

You could also try increasing travel speed and lowering your temperature.
lol ok
what
This printer doesn't vibrate like that for it to make that sound, unless something is loose.
Maybe you should just ascend and stop being a peasant, peasant.
LOL, Good night dude.
And why would I apologize to you? I didn't call you a scammer or a lying sack of shit.

And yes I deleted my comment because I realized I was wrong. Now instead of crying about it, I deleted it moved on. I suggest you do so as well, but I know you won't.
Great, so OP made a mistake and didn't say there is also 0.9% Fe in there alongside 2.1% Ni, now youre going full tantrum literally calling him a lying sack of shit.

OP is not wrong, Tungsten alloy is a thing and his Nozzle is more than likely made of it. 

So instead of throwing a temper tantrum, apologize and move on.

Or you can keep crying which is what I fully expect you will do.
/r/iamverysmart
He literally said it is 97% Tungsten and 3% Nickel making it an alloy. Are you an expert on alloys by any chance?
You don't stop do you?

/r/insanepeoplefacebook are always looking for more idiots to laugh at, suggest you go there.
> Sorry my decency hurt your feelings.

No, all you did was give us a chuckle with your stupidity.

All the links you posted are Tungsten Carbide, not Tungsten alloy which is what OP has. Callinf him a lying sack of shit invalidates any hopeless argument you would've had in the first place.

Please piss off and keep your toxicity elsewhere.
Yeah while a pain to print nicely (for me anyways) this color of eSun PETG really does look amazing.
Damn I love the idea of RepRap.
So you know nothing about OP and calling him a scammer.

Idk about everyone else but I won't buy anything from you or anything you advertise.
Yeah fuck off
I think I'm gonna check into a mental facility after this thread.
Do you?
Yes. I assembled my cousins along with a mosfet and an actual real power supply which is safer..

I also flashed my own build of Marlin on it with thermal runaway protection so the printer isn't a literal time bomb.
better than being benched on that management shitshow of a team. They also have Korean players so they have to speak English eitherway.
Are you actually defending that dangerous shit box which will burn down your house? for the price, it's a great printer to buy and then upgrade and learn.

But it's a ~~death wish~~ horrible printer to buy and keep it as is.
listen here u lil shit
Those are all unbranded phones which don't have a carrier model so it's in ATT's best interest to let them have it since locking it from them will hurt them more.
Because ATT dont want it on any unlocked phone. You have it on T-Mobile thought.
I think it's a fake foot.
Sounds like my Shiba lol
Does that make them the best team since they are the most consistent team?
Really? What about Samsung devices which support seperate app sound (sound from different apps goes to different places, like youtube goes to bluetooth but netflix goes to phone speaker) and also dual bluetooth audio device functionality where you can connect and sync two different audio devices?

They also have LDAC support when they get Oreo which is very soon for all the US model flagships. The s8 and S9 already have it.
Is it? It's to guarantee functionality on every single US carrier which is what the unlocked device is for. I'd rather have a working phone than an update that comes at most 2 weeks earlier.
Too bad the Apple chip is locked behind iOS. Would've been great.
You mean lagging? Animations and RAM are a huge limitation for Apple devices making them way slower than current Android flagships.

They may be smooth but they're not fast. (timed, not processing power)
Don't forget the 820 days where the Exynos chip and other competitor chips made the 820 look like a budget phone chip.
They should be exactly the same.
I'd go with 40% infill and 3 perimeters and 4 top/bottom layers.
PLA should be fine but I'd go with ABS personally but that's because I always go overkill on part strength.

Even without the enclosure ABS is stronger than PLA so it's up to you.

All three materials will work fine.
Good. I fucking hate this dive bullshit. Dive begone
If you manage to print ABS with high temps and a very high ambient temperature (35C+) you will see extremely good layer adhesion and superior strength.

Other than that, PETG is softer and more likely to bend than PLA while PLA is stiffer and will break instead of bend. Of course ABS is stronger than both.

If you can reliably print ABS (even without good ambient temps), I'd make it with ABS.
Fined $4000

Oh Mickie replacing main tank? Suspended, released, blocked, fined $8k
Man I hate that everytime it snows here, it's gone in 2 days
poopmou
Yeah it needs an IQ of at least 20 so that won't happen.
Looks like your temp is too high, try lowering it a bit.
You shouldn't get the V2 instead but you should return it and get the Plus.

The i3 has some issues and needs certain upgrades like a mosfet for the heated bed so you dont burn down your house. The maker select Plus however doesn't need it and it's just as beginner friendly as the V2 is and a better printer overall.
Impressive how you made a detailed description, almost as if you were looking at a mirror.
LOL
https://www.reddit.com/r/layerporn/comments/85gjqx/layer_porn/

zero ringing
Well you are buying a pretty expensive device.
It's sure as hell priced like a flagship. It's not specced like a flagship because slapping an A11 chip in your ancient design doesn't make it new.
Disabling it means it more beginner friendly since they'll have an easier time. It will also burn their house down so idk
I ran out of filament, paused the print, loaded the same filament but different color and then resumed the print.
Looks like a MK3
Wasn't it phat?
It's just 0.4mm
Silicon and Epoxy have worked well for me. If it's going to be under pressure make sure you have strong parts and a good seal.
eSun PLA+ 215C 70C 70MM/s 15% infill with Fast Hexagon Infill in S3D.

Printing an unnecessarily over-sized this thing: https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:542914
We're talking about the active Galaxy phones.
Heh what a surprise, propriety software is shit.
Internet pro tip: Never say you're a 15 year old girl unless you want creeps messaging you.
Because all the quick play only torb and sym mains get triggered when you suggest anything sensible over there.
No, otherwise it'd have been done already.
hmmmm
thank mr logix
It does, but maybe Monoprice disabled it.

At least the Wanhao flavor of the printer does.
insert.. *Stock Android doesn't have lag so this wouldn't have happened if it had Stock Android*
Amazon.

I'd recommend the RAMPS 1.4 board as there is already a guide to installing it on the Mini and a BLTouch mechanical probe sensor that is also on Amazon. 

Also note you need someway to mount your probe the hot end so since no one has done it yet with Mini (publicly anyways), you'd probably have to design your own mount and print it.

https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0111ZSS2O/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o04_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1

https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B017NEGTXC/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o04_s01?ie=UTF8&psc=1

https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B076PQG1FF/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o08_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1
Yes it's 100% possible, but you would need to replace the board.

You can use a RAMPS 1.4 board which uses open-source Marlin. It has the connectors for all the types of different auto bed level probes and the firmware is open-source so you can modify the firmware to accommodate it.
I just hope we can somehow make SLS as easy as FDM is when the print is done. Right the post processing required is annoying whereas you can just pickup and touch the part right off an FDM machine.
I've used it, and it's almost too grippy. You can easily set it on a 70 degree surface and that phone is not going anywhere. It's also very protective.
He's wrong, your printer is 12V and you need it. It only the maker select plus which is 24V
didn't expect shit posts on this sub
I actually had one before but when I installed my all metal hot end, the Nozzle went up a bit and the one I had was too low making it rub against the bed. I took it off and now it's printing a shorter version which should work.
Duplicator i3 Plus with Microswiss all metal hot end

250C Nozzle, 100C Bed with stock faketak. Added BLTouch for that sweet bed levelling goodness.

60MM/s, no fan, sliced with S3D and printed without an enclosure in a room with no air flow but decently cold (21C I think)

And don't worry, after every print I flush out the air in the room using a big fan to outside.
Well iPhones arent build to be durable and rugged phone. If someone is working on a job with high exposure to water then they will take an IP68 phone over IP67
Having a non-removable back doesn't automatically mean it's made of glass. It just means it all held together using glue and screws instead of clamps which no matter the matter the material, make it more durable.
Great, doesn't make it rugged or durable or reliable. Which all of those are easier to achieve without a removable back.
Or actually buy a case for his PC
Not sure if stock firmware has it but I'm running advi3++ which is custom firmware for the i3 plus based on Marlin and it's fully enabled and supported.

I've tested it and works well.
Not sure if stock firmware has it but I'm running advi3++ which is custom firmware for the i3 plus based on Marlin and it's fully enabled and supported.

I've tested it and works well.
Yes but it was only IP67 and because the back was removable, it was way easier to damage the water resistant seals, whereas it's near impossible to damage the water resistant glue used in phones without removable backs with normal use.
Because they'd be sacrificing water resistance.
I go to Walt Whitman and yesterday they said police will be running a training exercise today and expect a lot of police in the halls. After the news of the shooting you can definitely feel the tension with the police in the halls and outside, it was calm before.
Ah I see. Thanks
Isn't techincally an i3? It just has 1 Z tower instead of 2.
It's the Wanhao duplicator i3 Mini, they sell these at my microcenter.
This is the duplicator i3 Mini from Wanhao, it's not based on the select mini.
Listen here you lil shit
Oh must mean PS4 GM /s
Does your bltouch have a blue light on when your printer is just sitting idle?
Do you have a Pi laying around? It's easier with Octoprint since there is only one com port on the Pi when you printer is plugged in.

Oh and also your Z Endstop wires are plugged in the wrong way, I also had that issue and it worked after reversing them.

Make sure the negative black wire is the wire closest to the serial ports which you plugged your other 3 wires into.
Then it's not connected, try out all the COM ports in printer settings. I also have a COM port where repetier think it's connected but it's connected to something else.
You can also use pronterface or octoprint with a pi.
I found this on github, try reading these steps:

Connect BLTouch, power up controller and upload the firmware

Blue LED will be ON if a servo signal is present. Blue LED is faint.

M119 ; should return OPEN. If not check that the BLTouch is enabled in the configuration. If enabled then check wiring and check that the correct pin is being used. Also check 

that Z_MIN_ENDSTOP_INVERTING and Z_MIN_PROBE_ENDSTOP_INVERTING are both set to "false".

M280 P0 S10 ; should deploy the probe and the orange LED will be OFF.

M119 ; should return OPEN

M280 P0 S90 ; should stow the probe and the orange LED will be ON

M280 P0 S60 ; puts it into the M119 test mode.

The probe should remain stowed and the blue LED should be OFF. If it's ON then the unit needs to be adjusted.

M119 ; should return TRIGGERED

M280 P0 S160 ; returns it to normal operation

M119 ; should return OPEN.
You don't always need a fan for some prints, but on the Benchy these overhangs are near impossible to do right without a fan so some models still need it, even if it's very slow.

Printing slower gives the layer more time to harden so slower should work too.
That sounds like the Z Endstop wires arent properly plugged in.

When your printer is on, send "M280 P0 S60" that will put it in m119 test mode.

Then send M119, you should get endstop information back, look for Z end stop.

If the probe is retracted, it should say triggered.

then run "M280 P0 S10", this will put the probe down and when you run the other two commands again, it should say open while the probe is down and the red LED is off.
If you are going to fix it, please re-route the wires so it doesn't happen again. There are plenty of guides on the select mini wiki.
Not necessarily, you can do it on the T-Mobile version, but you need root. 
This is covered under Warranty, so you can either take it to T-Mobile store and get it replaced right there or ship it off to Samsung.

You can also return it if you choose since you are in 14 day return period.
How is your impression of the bed material you're using? Have you tried PEI and do you recommend it over PEI?
How is it not working? Can you take a video?

When the BLTouch turns on, do you also see a small blue LED next to the big red LED turned on?
Got a couple rolls of Hobbyking ABS for $4/kg each, they had a warehouse sale some weeks ago.

Both were printed on my Duplicator i3 Plus with Cii coolder.

Temp is 250, glass bed with glue stick at 100C. 60MM/s.

Only difference between the two gcodes were one had the fan on to 13% while the other had it off.

I'm really loving this cheapo ABS, it prints better than any PLA i've had, and it's sticking well with no warping even without an enclosure. I also oredered a PEI sheet so I don't have to use glue anymore.
No your thermistor is not bad or crimped, it's only the wires connecting the thermistor from the bed to the board. The thermistor itself is fine, you only need to replace the wires which are soldered on the board (or fix them, if fixable)
You don't need to replace anything, the Mini is infamous for having shitty bed thermistor wire routing which breaks very qucikly with the movements of the bed.

You only have to fix or replace the wired and then reroute them through somewhere that isnt under the bed so they dont get damaged again. There are like 100 guides on this since it affects every single Mini.
:(

I miss the real Taimou.
Dang, that's nice filament and print quality.

What filament and printer?
They do care, they just care more about the current flagship phones.

The S7 will have it within the next 2 months at max.
Yes.
*laughs in headphone jack, wireless charging, MicroSD, guaranteed update schedule, paying with MST*

I could keep laughing but I ran out of breath
"My phone doesn't have this pretty much useless feature which other phones have, I'm gonna go bitch about it on the internet"
Yeah it is and I agree, but who is it made by?
lol no wonder everyone is trash on Xbox.
What about the Essential phone? Or is that Samsung? Because I preferred absolutely to the OLED on my Pixel 2 XL.
It will, but you have to convert to 950U first but flashing with Odin and wiping.
I count Substratum as something that Google would have adopted with time anyways, it had nothing to do with Oreo specifically.

Substratum or not, the design in Nougat was consistent, beautiful and didn't blast your eyes with white. It also didn't make phones bootloop, just saying.
What size Nozzle this this printer usually come with? I hope it's not a 0.4mm lol
Not sure about the button but while you're trying to fix it, you can completely control the printer using your PC and repetier host with a USB cable so you shouldn't have any down time.
Google design is going downhill ever since Nougat.

Nougat genuinely looked pleasant and had nice contrast.
Is it similar to PETG in terms of printing and part quality?
What's special about CPE?
That sounds like a good change, these are expensive machines so they should be maintained
This would be true for normal size printers that can get to something like 120 on the bed, that would be a very bad idea.

However the tiny bed on the mini already uses way less power and won't even heat past 85C (it might, but manufacturer says 85C max). It shouldn't be a problem for normal pla temps like 50 or 60.
No, close though, this is in Rockville MD
I saw a Pixel 2 XL once, just that once, never seen any other Pixel phone ever. I live in MD and was in VA at a mall shopping. I go to popular places often so if they were that common I would've seen them.
I wrote in my comment, I also tried the same roll of filament but the result looked exactly the same as the blue one. I only pictured the blue one because I couldn't find the cube and white roll is being used in a 40hr print right now.

If you look at the top layer, it is very easy to distinguish between the wall and infill. Also the top layer on the white one is very smooth whereas the top layer on the blue one feels very rough and looks more matte than the rest of the part.
Left is from Monoprice select mini and right is from my duplicator i3 plus.

Both are using very similar settings and both are with inland PETG (I've already tried the same clear roll on the i3 plus, same result.

0.2mm layer height, 30MM/s speed, 230 nozzle 70 bed, extrusion at 94% using Simplify3D.

3 top and bottom layers, 2 walls.
Set your Cura travel speed to max, something like 500MM/s. It should help.
Close, he gave it to a drink friend.
If it's 1xCA doesn't that just make it... not CA?
Yeah but no one uses 3mm so your plan failed /s
No, it doesn't affect speeds but if you have the old board it could affect temperatures.
Atleast you're close to hobbyking warehouse and protopasta, so those are some options.

Also Amazon Prime is huge in Washington so buying inland should be super easy.
Hmm yeah not sure, PLA has always been $15 everywhere I've seen inland.
They don't on the V2 with the weaker power supply. They put this limitation in place so the crappo Chinese power supply doesn't go bang.
:(

At least you still got Amazon.
It's the same price as Amazon, $15 for normal PLA.

Other filaments like PETG or more exotic materials are also priced accordingly with Inlands price, same as Amazon.
Yeah their PLA is decent for $15 a KG and their PETG is absolutely excellent in my experience, prints very well, very cheap price.

Would recommend them.
They just got this, couple weeks ago thay had like a quarter of this on a small shelf below their demo printers.

Now it's a whole small aisle!
I hate myself but I can't resist buying some filament every time I go there to get some super small thing like a Pi lol.

I picked up a roll of blue PETG today, some clear PETG last time.
Yeah I use a PS3 power supply so it needs active cooling, so I turn it off every time the printer is idle.
It will be locked on every non-Chinese Snapdragon S9, same as it's been for years.

Only reason Chinese version is unlocked is because they aren't allowed to sell it with Google apps in China and most of the people who buy it want to load Google apps on there themselves, therefore they need an unlocked bootloader.

Samsung understands this markets demands and is delivering. Unlocked bootloader sells them phones in China while in the US it does null.
Yeah, Noctua is wired directly to 12V input so it's always on.

Other one goes into the board.
Already upgraded to a bigger machine but the mini was a huge drag with the old board since I didn't have the firmware sources.
Yeah I had a cheapo USB LED strip on it but I removed it and put it on my newer i3 Plus machine which has a timelapse camera.
Trump and Erdogan lol
I think it's batter because that's the only icon that's there 100% of time and barely changes.
Yeah, this thing is a godsend, that poor heatbed can have some actual power now lol. 

If anyone does this, make sure you get a beefier power supply that's atleast 200W (to be safe) if you want to run a RAMPS board.
but I want it totally clear
Replacement motherboard which controls the printer.

Here is the guide I used: http://www.instructables.com/id/Replace-Monoprice-Select-Mini-Controller-With-Ardu/
hmm lets see, 

- Heatbed wired through the back
 
- got rid of old fan, replaced with noctua as heatsink fan and a 50mm radial as part cooling fan
 
- flexible filament extruder (someone made a printable part for it on YouTube, look it up)
 
- glass bed
 
- RAMPS board (obviously)
http://www.instructables.com/id/Replace-Monoprice-Select-Mini-Controller-With-Ardu/
They were going to release it anyways lol
They release sources for both but it's useless for Snapdragon since it has a locked bootloader. Nothing can be done on the Snapdrhaon model.
When the universal profile launches, it should.

If not, you can just use Android messages app
:(
Get a room already you two
Mine's at 3mm and 30mm/s but I use a 0.6mm nozzle so it might vary, however with that retraction I have zero stringing with any PLA (inland included) and no loss in print quality or strength.
But it will be lol, 5T is already $550, now with the notch and their "gigabit" LTE modem, they have an easy pass to charge 600-700
I picked up a 2 XL switching from my Note 8 and it felt like a downgrade in every way except unlocked bootloader, camera and battery.

Until Samsung releases a phone with an unlocked bootloader that can decently get LTE on T-Mobile I'm probably not buying one. I bought the S8 and Note 8, loved them both, probably my favorites phones ever but unlocked bootloader is of utmost importance to me.
Yeah I guess that was a bad example but a spare battery is a good one, if it's just there causing no harm, there's no reason not to have it if it's already there.
Funny sometimes I trust some shady Chinese manufacturer more than my own handy work.

Although if you look at the gore (NSFL) that is my wiring, you would too.
No, it'd be dumb.

The Note stylus doesn't actually get in your way at all if you're not using it since it's inside the phone. 

It's like buying a car and throwing the extra tire away, sure you don't need it now and it's not likely you'll need it later, but seriously?
Dang, I should consider something else.

I have a bad experience with LG though since I twisted my ankles going down the stairs to pick up my V30 after hitting refresh on UPS tracking page every 30 sec.

maybe a  Pixel 2 XL?
That's because OnePlus legitimately has a lot for us to hate about it. They make so many mistakes and just act like a brand new just started company, not like they've released 7 phones already with a ton of sales.
So like, S8, Note 8, S9, Pixel 2, HTC U11 and Moto Z2 Force has been doing since they came out.


Don't forget next fall also means Note 9.
This isn't beating a dead horse, this is like one level deeper in the comedy cemetery.
I'm not sure, you can definitely try and see if it works.

You can print except I'm not sure how homing Z axis would work.

Just try to home all axis and if it won't home then you can go back to stock advi3++ firmware until your bltouch firmware arrives and when you install it, you can use the custom forked version.
There is two firmwares, one for board and one for LCD.

For LCD you can just use the latest advi3 LCD firmware from their GitHub and flash it to your LCD.

For board you need to download the source of the forked repo and flash it with usb cable and Arduino ide.
oh btw forgot this, use this command to set z offset: M851 ZXXX

XXX being your offset value, negative value for closer to bed, positive for further away from bed.

For example M851 Z-0.11 makes your z offset -.011
Yup, only reason I mentioned blue tape is because it's near impossible to get the exact same bltouch height as the guy did in github so you need to find your own z offset based on how you mounted the bltouch, and for me, the pre-desgined offset was too low and put a huge hole in my buildtak lol, after about 10 min and trial and error, I found the perfect number.

here's some more info:

If it's working, when your printer goes to home the Z-Axis, the bltouch should be exactly in the center of the bed. It will go down and up and probe it until its home.

After homeing all axis, you can run G29 gcode command which begins bed levelling process. This will probe the bed at 16 locations and determine height.

After G29 is done probing, run G500 and it will save the probe values in EEPROM so you don't have to re-calibrate before each print (as long as your bed didn't move).

Now go in your slicer, and in the start gcode, put M420 S1 which basically makes it use the values which you stored earlier in EEPROM.

That should be it really, gl.
yeah you are bombarding with questions lol, let me get the basis clear

You can just put glass on top your buildtak bed, it will work just fine.

The BLTouch is a mechanical probe so it should work with any print surface that is solid. Glass and buildtak work fine.

You don't need to buy anything besides the BLTouch and if you don't already have them, some connectors and extensions cables to get the cable to your board.

Just make sure you plug in your wires exactly as the guy did in the pictures because they are defined in the firmware and using different connectors won't work.
I used this pre made fork of the custom firmware which shows exactly how they wired the bltouch and also the firmware has already been configured for bltouch so you don't need to mess around with anything if you wire it the way the creator did.

Although, put blue tape on your bed first until you get Z offset correct so if the nozzle goes in your bed, it wont damage your fake tak.

https://github.com/weidercs/ADVi3pp-Marlin

Look in the pictures
I'm using the advi3++ custom marlin firmware with it's corresponding LCD firmware.

I have the LCD + way more functionality on LCD and auto levelling.

https://github.com/andrivet/ADVi3pp-Marlin
Looking forward to porting all those to my I3 plus lol, already got a bltouch running and it works like a dream but I really want a magnetic bed.
Yup, it's beefy enough.
This subreddit is deteriorating fast
Listen here u lil shit
holy flying fuck wtf are those things
It won't be available forever, once Verizon sends the IMEI of the phone to Google (not sure how often they do this) then Google will lock it permanently.

So if you want it, just unlock it now and never relock it again. Otherwise you may never get the chance again.
all it needs is RAW support, which is guaranteed with the top end Snapdragon models.

It's also why they modified to get it working with Exynos versions.

Honestly getting this first layer with a mk3 is cheating lol
that's only on the 5T though, if you have the other phones then you should be good.
just open cmd and then cd to the directory you have adb in
Thanks for the update and for the record I have to go to the store and get some rest and feel better soon and that is why I am asking for a friend to talk to you about it when I get home and let me known if you want to come by and see you soon and have a great day and I will be there at the same time I don't have a car so I can get the money to you and your family are doing well and that you are doing well and that you are doing well and that you have a great day and I will be there at the same time I don't have a great day and I will be there at the same time I don't have a great day and I will be there at the same time as the same is not really a great day and I will be there at the same time as the same is not really a fan of the same time.

Jesus Christ, Gboard.
Pixel book runs Chrome OS though, not really on the same level as Android.
Why? Wouldn't a direct setup be more accurate?
Yes they are pointless when anything of value has been backported, except for it saying 8.1 instead of 8.0 and stroking your ego about updates, it's completely useless.
> an update

That's exactly it, an update. Expect one security update from LG and 4 from Samsung.
It will not quick charge when the screen is turned on so you won't be able to see it through the phone itself. Unless you directly measure the cable going into the phone.
Note 4 was one of the best utilitarian flagships you could buy tbh, I'd also mention the V20 but I have a sour experience with LG crap and don't trust them at all.
It's a default option in Nougat and later
Lol I wish they had a strict design language to stick to, their last non retarded looking Android was Nougat and now this iOS clone and fucking over Substratum?

Thanks, Google. Taking all the steps to make me not want to buy a Pixel 3
Thanks, I'll try more top layers
Yeah it's pretty clear on PC, try opening the imgur link in your mobile browser instead of reddit app.
I'll try that, thanks.
I think it's calibrated, it prints absolutely perfectly with PLA at 100% extrusion rate but I'll try and calibrate it again.

I'll also try more top layers like the other guy suggested with extra infill extrusion, thanks.
eSun Orange PETG on a Duplicator i3+ with a Cii cooler and other mods like BLTouch.

I used S3D to slice, here are my settings: https://imgur.com/a/Pge3L

EDIT: Apparentley my temp screenshots didn't get in, I did first layer at 240 and then the rest at 230 which I've had the best results with (except this issue) and a glass bed with glue stick at 80C
I'm your bug tester, so I'm testing things before you''re testing things. You're my end user.
dont ask eta, use search
hit thanks, gib beer thx
F
Google pulling a OnePlus
what really turns me on is alpha testing. mmmmm
It can be compatible, we just need to find someone willing to develop this for the Exynos processor in the S3.

I believe someone had a build of Android Wear working for an earlier Samsung Smart watch which means it's possible. 
Yes, especially after the Note 7 debacle which Samsung went through.

They completely regained the public trust and they released a phone which sold better than ever, mad respect to their marketing, design and engineering team for pulling it off when the company needed it so much.
I said active, not enabled and supported.

Flashing T-Mobile firmware will guarantee that it's enabled and supported and will work if the network has it. However there is no way to know if it's currently active.

Being on unlocked firmware guarantees that that it isn't enabled and isn't supported.
I didn't think someone could be a child more than Trump.
LOL

You dropped your /s
There is no possible way for you tell if 4x4 MIMO is active without root, and also it's been confirmed by Neville Ray that 4x4 MIMO does not work on the factory unlocked phone.

You can flash it to T-Mobile firmware and it will work however.
Well who woulda thought
Hmm, that's Tehran in the background, a city in a country where there is no ISIS or anything from the US Military.

Fix your meme
I'm pretty sure you need it on all the V2/V2.1's, however if you have the new Plus version you don't need it.
4xCA, and 256QAM work but 4x4 MIMO doesn't work.

This was the case on the S8/Note 8 but it could be different for the S9.
My 2 XL loses about 2% on a 12 hour standby period so it's not an issue for some Android phones.
By not being total bloatware.
I think the V30 is diffrent because physically they are different phones between each variant. You can't flash different modem firmware and enable the phone for use on other carriers.

However, all those variants that you listed, have the exact same hardware and interchangeable software with the right flashing tool (comsey odin).

So if you have a Canadian variant, you can flash to T-Mobile modem and software and effectively convert it to a U model. It's already been done with the S8.
Yup, expect the update if you have a European or east Asian device, otherwise enjoy the wait.
U1 is unlocked model, however an FCC certification doesn't mean it's enabled.

For example, the W variant which is a Candian variant will not have it enabled however it is certified.
It might, it might not, it also might introduce a lot of other bugs, or it might not.

This is the case with every Google update.
Yeah I meant both of my machines, the bed on my mini (since it's a newer model) can't get anywhere near 80C because they ship the newer models with a weak power supply and they limited the amount of power the bed gets in the firmware.

I'm pretty confident in it working on my i3 Plus though, I just wanna see if ABS is really worth it over PLA or PETG which I've perfectly dialed my machines to, I get 100% consistent and reliable results with those materials.
Only if it means bashing any phone that doesn't have "stock Android"
Bixby button isn't locked, like at all tbh. Remapping it right now just needs adb and it works better than ever.
Nice, picked up a couple ABS spools..

Been looking for some cheap ABS so if it doesn't work well on my printer I can forget about it
LOL

you dropped your /s
No. You can with root and TWRP but that will trip Knox and make your permanently lose Samsung Pay.
Best Buy models don't have modems, therefore no LTE bands.

However, expect the unlocked model to have similar LTE bands as the T-Mobile but with some more international bands added.
It might be, with a modified Gboard APK but I haven't heard anything on anyone doing that.

If you do have root though, you can use Xposed, there is a Xposed module which enables this.
Not in the US, look for the Korean or Chinese version for high capacity.
Do you know if the prusa edition will work well on my Duplicator i3 Plus since it's very similar to the Prusa machines?
Apple likely does it different with their memory buffer, it could be integrated into the SoC and be receiving passive cooling like the SoC.

However with the Snapdragon 845 (it's always Qualcomm's shit breaking things) it's likely seperate and needs more cooling.
You can clone all apps using secure folder too.
Heat
Please tell me it's octoprint controlled
Are you that guy who posted his first layer taking 2 hours?
Well I know, but it's better than this bubbly non-flat surface
Working good so far, printing rn. One issue I found is that when I go to look at the camera I get a toast saying "NOT FOUND". I'm using a Pi camera 2.1 on a Pi 3 Model B board. 

I like the manual controls, although it also would be nice to be able to have the camera also be on the manual control page. So you can also see the printer if it's another room while you're manually controlling (not necessary since it sounds like you wouldnt manually control a printer in another room but would be cool)
Ah, I'll try a calibration cube and report back in a bit. Liking it so far, way better than the touch plugin for octoprint
Will try it out, have a wanhao i3 Plus running with octoprint.

EDIT: is there no way to use stl that is stored on my phone? I don't really use cloud storage.
He's speaking from personal experience.
wow that's a crappy website
Would love to convert my i3 Plus to a magnetic Prusa poweder coated bed. 

That and the TMC2130 are the main things that's kept my eye on the MK3. Auto bed levelling is nice too but I already installed a BLTouch on my i3 Plus
True, recent LG flagships are mid tier to me because of their bad auto processing on camera's, good but no where near as good as competition build quality, and extremely subpar OLED screens. 

I have the 2 XL and comparing it's build quality and screen quality compared to my Note 8 (which is priced the exact same as a 128GB Pixel 2 XL) it should not be acceptable that a phone with the same price is on a whole another level of build and screen quality.
Huawei uses Android Wear so it's just as bad as Google. Hardware wise it's good but software matters here.

This article is bad, they didn't include Samsung which currently makes the most completely smartwatch in terms of hardware and software.
> They need their mother to come home at night.  t isn't her job to die for anyone's children.  It's her job to teach them.  That's it.

Amen
Aluminum + glue is better at this point.
lol when LG and mobile displays go in the same sentence, I chuckle.
Yeah that one, and it's not gone from the phone, it's just gone from the quick settings.

They actually don't have a reason to remove it anymore, just something they do. The reason used to be that people wouldn't bother turning off their data in settings and would use more data therefore they'd pay more, however now that almost everyone is on unlimited, it doesnt matter.
The real flag is always in the comments
It just means they removed the data toggle from quick settings and put it under the mobile data menu in the settings app instead.

It's not a big deal, if you really want it you can easily get it back with adb. Theres a bunch of tutorials and it takes 1 min
don't buy LG crap lol, locked bootloader, subpar screens and build quality.

Overall subpar compared to the competition.
T-Mobile version only has data toggle and caller ID disabled, everything else is untouched.

You can get the data toggle back with ADB though.

It's the other carriers who remove useful features.
tbh for that price I'd just pick up a cheap inland PLA roll, they have decent quality and it's $15 per KG so it's cheap. 

I have a roll of their white PLA and it's definitely not the best but it's consistent and decent. imo their PETG is also the absolute best PETG under $25
I'm gonna have to say no as long as it has a notch. 
ah
Not all men are equal too tbh (physically, socially is a whole other thing)
I'm assuming it means "suck my black fucking cock" (I'm probably wrong)

If it does mean that, then it's still no better than retarded emojis.
If you're gonna use the unlocked BL anytime in future, unlock it now and keep it unlocked. It will lock permanently soon and you won't be able to unlock it.
Hey it's me your brother
ffs
Also FD is a dual sim Exynos model which has way better root and custom ROM support on xda since it's the global model.

Also it does receive updates faster (as it should) since it's the global model and makes up most of the Note 8 userbase.

EU also always receives updates first and you can flash the FD onto EU firmware if not already on it.
Yeah would be nice to have a US supplier for masterspool filaments.
Are there any location fakers on iOS? On Android you can fake your GPS location to anywhere you want and combine that with a VPN and it should work.
It's an S3, highly don't recommend if you have an iPhone.

Some of the best stuff like Samsung Pay MST (pay anywhere with a card stripe reader) is gimped since it won't work on iOS.
You're not running iOS 6 on your iPhone 7.
no
Treble support would be there but with a locked bootloader it's completely useless for us.
That's what they always say
9gag called
PPSSPP supports Vulcan so you get the same performance with S8 Exynos than you do with S8 SD.
It's that Qualcomm's chip is that much behind, not that Samsungs chip is that good (even though it really is the best in Android phones)
Hello Europe, you won't lose warranty.
Why is everything so dirty? Is there a reason you don't clean up the junk plastic lying everywhere?
> ABS

Now that's a plastic I haven't heard about in a long time
I got the Natural no color PETG, it's really replaced PLA because of it's better print quality and part strength for me.
I wanted to buy that, I was legit stuck in Microcenter for 30 min just deciding on what filament to buy. I decided on inland PETG and just randomly picked one with my eyes closed lol. 
Yeah their PETG  is some good stuff, picked up a clear roll from Microcenter and it's definitely replaced PLA for me. Stick great to buildtak and with right settings it prints with better quality than PLA.
Note 7 had it first
Meh, Samsung doesn't need this.

This is more for the other manufacturers like LG and Moto who have zero interest in security or enterprise.
He's just a 14 year old high schooler from T_D probably, ignore him.
Tell that to the other billions who don't use CDMA.
Using a Wanhao Duplicator i3 Plus.

White inland PLA at 195C hot end and 60C glass bed.

printing at 60MM/s and 20% Grid infill in Simplify 3D. Fan is set to 100% after layer 2.

EDIT: Some more details: 0.28 layer height. I've tried inland PETG and eSun PLA+ and neither look as bad as this inland PLA.

I also measured the cube and it was like 20.15x19.95x20.01


If you're not printing benchies, you're not 3D printing.
XDA is Android.
Those 3 faults are easily fixable and once fixed, for the price it's an amazing little machine, better than great.
Yeah, I have the duplicator i3 Plus and it runs at 24V
Out of the box, the Chinese CR10 comes to where near this. 

You'd have to tweak and mod it quite a lot to get to this level.
This is amazing! I hope to be able to something as useful as this one day with my machine.
Well I said a small shop that is authorized by Apple.

Like when I used to live in Dubai, they didn't have Apple stores there. There was this chain shop called iStyle which was authorized for resell and repairs and they had OEM Parts. Their mall stores were pretty small.
If you find a smaller shop that is authorized they can probably do it right there in front of you so you make sure they don't carry on Apples secret agenda
Torb is bad in death match.

Ban Moira and death match is 100x better
If that were the case, then schools all over the world would be armed to the teeth with guards.
Alright look, give me an HTC or Samsung made Pixel with a Samsung screen.

Google test your software more, get more devs and more testers.

There, fixed. It's easier said than done but still.
There is none, because no one has those devices. They're not good devices to buy when the Exynos version delivers better performance and an unlocked bootloader.

People don't buy Samsung for AOSP, they buy it for the full and feature rich experience which AOSP goes absolutely no where near even getting close to.
Because it's subjective to what you like, if you just straight up say Android is shit as a fact then you're wrong and you will be downvoted.
hey dude, custom ROM =/= AOSP ROM.

Buy a phone like OnePlus, Pixel, Huawei, or any other unlocked bootloader Snapdragon phone and these issues will be way smaller and non-existent on some phones like the Pixels (which already run AOSP out of the box)
That was years ago, and this issue only happens with bad devs and when you buy a phone with a heavily modified version of Android and install a stock AOSP ROM on it.

This is NOT the case. Buy any decent phone today where the manufacturer openly supports people like us (OnePlus, Google Pixels, Huawei Mate 10) and you are guaranteed great custom ROMs, by a huge community (way bigger than jailbreak with all phones combined) and also the potential to work on everything yourself.

After all, Android is open source and your phones bootloader is unlocked meaning possibilites are endless, customize your kernels, customize the source code of everything on your system, kernel and phone. It truely is endless.
How does silicon lubricant work? I got a bottle that you spray on at microcenter and haven't tried it yet.
Samsung do have a nice base to go off of, and it's their own.

Most of the things in AOSP have been replaced by Samsung's own software, their bluetooth stack is completely different, their bootloader structure is completely different, their flashing methods are different, they have a ton of different frameworks and API's on top of what Android already has.

tbh they do it right, people think they're slow and can't keep a schedule when really their schedule is to release updates every couple of months and their huge dev team and 2 month update periods allows to adapt their code to every update with minimal bugs (if any).

I like this whole monthly security update thing from Google, but I fail to see the point. Is it security? Sure a Note 8 may not always be on the latest security patch but it's still protected with Knox and probably more secure than a Pixel. 

I'll say it again, I don't want my $950 phone to be getting new bugs every single month. I also don't want my $950 to have a second class screen which may not be bad but it's definitely no where near as good as the competition in the same price range. I don't want a $950 phone built by LG (I have a bad experience with them).

I'm very happy with my Pixel 2 XL but these issues are so fixable if Google would just commit to it.
I agree, however I don't see Samsung being plagued by constant annoying and fixable bugs like WiFi, touchscreen issues, bluetooth issues, mic issues.

So far the only update for the S8 that's been bad is the most recent Oreo update which was pulled because it rarely caused a bootloop, and that's most likely because Android 8.0 seeing as how Google and other manufacturers had the same issue on 8.0.

Other than that, Samsungs security updates which happen a 2 month schedule don't introduce this many bugs at all. They take their time and deliver it right, that's what I want with my Pixel and it looks I'll have to do it myself with my ROM.
I didn't pay $950 to have untested buggy software. This is part of the reason I'm building my Resurrection Remix ROM right now, just working out a couple kinks.
ufokinwot
You can try baking it in the oven at 60C for a few hours to help if it did absolve any moisture.
Yes, Yes YES!

I was about to RMA my phone then I found out the update was the culprit.

I feels like we're beta testers of Android, I don't want monthly updates if it means monthly bugs.
Yes, you can stream to two (maybe more) Bluetooth devices at the same time on the S8 and later.

Additionally on Samsung, you can make it so that a specific apps sound goes to Bluetooth and the rest of the phone goes through the speakers or headphone jack. You can do it with any app and as many apps as you want at the same time.
you can also ask them to call the phone or send a specific text that you can see on the lockscreen.

I can why they wouldnt give you the pin lol, you can unlock it and sell it without it being locked.
Just Moinka
If anyone says it's theirs ask them for the pin, if it really is their phone they'll know the pin.


Yes I'd love that, fuck that 6 second insta-shield shit.
justmonika
> most americans don't want to by spyed on

Yet they keep buying Verizon and AT&T phones. hmmm.
lol you think carriers won't abuse this?

now not only are the phones frequencies not compatible with any other carrier, the phone literally can't even try to connect to another network thanks to the carrier locking the sim
whoosh
They have raffles you can enter with points, sometime they have nice stuff like TV's or even fully paid for vacations.
He doesn't want to admit it, but yes, yes he did.
Carriers are mislabeling 4G as HSPA so everyone thinks 4G is actually slow.
MST, it simulates a magnetic card swipe.
Not happening.

Keep using Samsung Pay anyways, it's better.
Fuck it's been ages since I listened to that song, I should find my old iPod again.
lol that's because you're trash.
Shill, btfo
Pixel 2
why
And the hot end goes even higher than the rocket! What is the actual build volume?
Factory reset through recovery.
lol keep dreaming
Go watch S7 Exynos vs S7 Snapdragon.

Disparity was huge, processing power, efficiency and OS Optimization.
2007 called, they want their eternally living meme back.
Just because almost all the cast is black doesn't make it magically good, it's still a movie.
JOD was nice until they required down payments, not really a huge plus like it was before but it's still somewhat nice.
Yeah only one, doesn't make xiaomi unique at all.
I hope you have USB Debugging on because if not then factory reset is your only option.

https://forum.xda-developers.com/galaxy-s7/how-to/guide-how-to-change-dpi-root-t3335596/page1
Why you asking...
Been more ignorance lately, well, not more but all.
We use this thing called Xposed, it has the ability to tap into any process. I'm not a Dev so I can't go into full detail.

Also changing launchers an d "themeing" is like a the first few molecules of a huge ice berg.

You have the complete ability to rebuild the OS and Kernel to your liking and truly take control of everything in your device. Android is open source and manufacturers are required to share their Kernel sources because of the licenses that they use.

Also we have this new thing called project treble, it basically means that all phones will share universal device hals and other underlying device specific files so Android roms will no longer be device specific. It means I can run the same ROM as I do on my Samsung but also on my Pixel without having to rebuild with correct device trees and Kernel.

Treble will be a requirement of all Android phones to have if they come out of the box with Android 8.0 Oreo.

Also you really should go on XDA and see what android customization is.

We also have Magisk, Magisk is a universal systemless root method which means that it does not modify the system partition at all and runs off the boot.img at startup of phone. This allows to completely itself and root from whatever app you want. Magisk also has the ability to systemlessly change files and their permissions. There are these Magisk modules which start at boot and systemlessly change whatever file the module points to, so for example you want to install a dual speaker mod to use ear speaker as normal speaker (that's a thing on Android, gl with that on iPhone and limited access to phone even with jailbreak), and don't want to modify any system files, you make it a Magisk module and the original file in system will remain intact however it won't be used since the file from the module is being used.

Oh did I mention open source, I'll say it again. Open source = do absolutely whatever the fuck you want, no one can stop you and accidentally boot looping doesn't mean losing your freedom.
The V2 has a very good clone of the E3D V5 which also fits all the standard E3D nozzles.

Mine's been extremely good with a 0.6mm nozzle and printing PETG non-stop for 2 months straight, haven't had any issues related to the hotend.
lol it's actually the worse of the 3, the white one is a V1 with the cheapo knockoff hot end while the black ones are V2 with a fake E3D V5 which is way better than whatever is on the V1.
Yup, got my mini on Black Friday for $150 and it's great and all, but after a month of tinkering you realize you've explored all the capabilities of the printer and you gotta move on to something bigger and more feratures.

Just picked my i3 Plus from Microcenter and getting it dialed in, going to add a auto bed level probe, probably an e3d V6 and a Z-Axis support brace. 
Never had this on mine, only issue with mine is that the firmware absolutely refuses to power both the heat bed and hot end at the same time even if I upgrade the power supply to a 240W one which has more than enough juice to power both at full blow.

It's probably a hardwired limitation since that things board is pretty tiny, but it's still annoying that the bed can't go above 60 with the part cooling fan on.
Please tell me that's not an S8+ screen protector...
So you're telling me, a jailbroken iPhone (which still has many limitations), is better than a phone which you have access to the complete source code of the OS, can build your own kernel and have complete access and flashing power of the bootloader.

:think:
Don't forget your money tree.
> 72% Upvoted

LOL, y'all getting triggered over someone's opinion on phones.
Are you Eminem?
The latest beta may as well be official. It's smooth, fast and stable.
You can just setup a VPN on your home router and now you really have true unlimited.

Althought the price isn't good for a single person I suppose, you can get 2 lines for $100.
Also don't forget Samsung fully supports USB PD and will fast charge with USB PD, just only at QC2.0 speeds.

Given how much their batteries now can hold their integrity, I'm ok with this. I can fast charge with the thunderbolt port on my laptop which only fast charges USB PD phones, and my Note 8 is a USB PD phones.

This goes for Exynos as well
Truly unlimited plan would be TMobile, they don't throttle you no matter how much you use. They only deprioritize at 50GB which only means if you're in a congested area, other people will have priority over you.

If you're not in a congested area, use as much as you want with full speed.
Cool story bro.
Thanks! Some of these aren't that bad, I'll definitely keep listening.
Would you care to link some? I share the opinion as him and have been quite lazy to research what the "best" of today is.

I'd love to change my opinion.
At least they didn't forget to ship the OS with it.
My friend has the 5T and I used to have the 5 and now I have a Pixel 2 XL.

His phone is very fast but it's extremely laggy, has dropped frames everywhere and the only fix has been an AOSP non-OxygenOS ROM.
No they're dropping the USB C port with the Pixel 3 and then the screen with the Pixel 4.

They're becoming Apple of Android because fuck your useful features.
Thank Samsung for that.
US model csc on Exynos means TWRP and tripping Knox.

International variant does not have US CSC, since US has its own hardware.
No, yes, and yes
don't download this shady shit lol, just the download page design is enough for some red flags.


That's faulty wires, mine did literally the exact same thing until I repaired the wires where it was broken (at several points the internal "metal" was ripped) and rerouted through the back.

This fixed it, your issue is bad wires which happens to pretty much 100% of mini's unless you reroute sadly.
No but then you'll have to RMA it about 3 times before you get a good enough phone without issues and then you realize every monthly update ruins something on your phone like LTE performance, display color, battery life, stability.

I'm not circlejerking, I own a Pixel 2 XL which I switched to from a Note 8 and this has been my experience. I'm just waiting for Resurrection Remix 6.0 to come out so I can get off this monthly bug test that Google is running on their phones.
Ah the ol' if my vacuum can't clean up this shit I'll eat it right off your doormatt and the guy didn't have power so he offered some sauce to help you eat it.
Tbh the volume is way too small on that thing.

Like this bed thing that OP made would've been multiple pieces on the Mini.

I have one and the small volume is my only gripe with it.
Most accurate and truthful description here tbh
[I understood that reference.](https://i.imgur.com/6Zcp6rA.gif)
That's around the time carriers update
Yes but see, that's just so they can fool the public!!!

/s
I see, thank you.
Yes, the international version usually gets a major Android update during Q1 of every year and depending on the region it gets security updates at least once every 2 months which up the security patch level.

This may be different in the US because of carriers however. In the US it's the carriers schedule, not Samsungs.
Samsung have their own schedule, they are not slow and they stick to it.

If you can't deal with the schedule which they've had for years and you knew about it before buying (you fault if you didn't) then stop bitching.
It's not random, the 4 letter build codes are coded.

The first letter is a major change (like 7.0 > 8.0).

The second letter is a major non-version change, like installing new Samsung experience but keeping same Android version.

Third letter is monthly builds (Like new security patch means new third letter)

Last letter is internal revolutions. It starts with numbers then it goes to letters so if you have CRA9 and CRAP, then CRAP is the newest build.

Also one more thing, the number before the first letter of the build, is the bootloader version.
It's not random, the 4 letter build codes are coded.

The first letter is a major change (like 7.0 > 8.0).

The second letter is a major non-version change, like installing new Samsung experience but keeping same Android version.

Third letter is monthly builds (Like new security patch means new third letter)

Last letter is internal revolutions. It starts with numbers then it goes to letters so if you have CRA9 and CRAP, then CRAP is the newest build.

Also one more thing, the number before the first letter of the build, is the bootloader version.
You always could, just not with the stock Samsung app.

You can use Android Messenger or Textra
Oreo won't fix anything and neither will deleting apps.

If a factory reset doesn't fix it then you can RMA your phone.
"This company isn't sticking to the same schedule it's had for as long it has been making phones so it's crap"

- Everyone who says Samsungs are shit at updates
/r/LateStageCapitalism 
Yeah what if this is the true reason Samsung use Snapdragon in China and USA?

They can't find backdoors in Exynos.
TBH with mercy dying we will see a lot more slow tanky setups so zarya will see increased use
10/10 expert redditor
Ah. Thanks.
No they wouldn't be based on phone model, some iPhones have intel modems and some have Qualcomm and there are even variations of the iPhone with intel and Qualcomm with slight differences.

If you don't have the ICE17 folder then your phones aren't exactly the same, since his phone has ICE17 then he needs ICE17 to fix it.
International Shipping = $$$

So even if you cough up the cash, Google won't.
You don't print a mold but you print the part itself and you make a mold out of the printed part
Lineage OS on S7 is asbolutely no where near the stock ROM in anything really.

If the stock ROM is a 10/10 in terms of bug free, features and smooth UI then LOS on the S7 is a 4/10
/r/hmmm 
There was a post while back using AAMiner on Android.

Just use search and look phone and mine together.
I get 8khs on my phone.

Get rekt
TBH with the quality of windows 10 I wouldn't be surprised if this were true
The auto mode is no where near a 88/89.

Manual mode and wide angle are amazing don't get me wrong, but 95% of people use auto mode and that's what matters.
Risky click of the day
Holy shit you don't stop do you.

Wolves are dangerous, but lone wolves are not more dangerous than a pack.
Just use the cancel on octoprint instead of printer and then just press the up arrow to lift Z-Axis by 10 so the print is clear of nozzle.

No belt grinding
Beautiful pistol.
I'm an entitled fuck? How about I just want live TV like literally every other first world country gets.
Is that the ambassador?
Nice.
Don't turn your fan off unless you have two fans.

You always need to have a fan cooling the heatsink or this will inevitably happen.
gl with that on an iPhone, have to be somewhere that you're close enough to a tower with some bands aggregated or be exactly in the middle of 2 towers with aggregating bands (or 3).

No 256QAM makes it difficult.
Right because people restarting your phone with just a text message is so secure /s
Wish we had those, we got like this big military tho, like it's really useful, super cool and stuff.
Please don't.

They don't show it live so they can show it to you late with absolutely disgustingly horrible commentary (opening ceremony) and ADS.

I don't want ads, I don't want to watch NBC, why the fuck can't I watch this shit live without a VPN in the US?
This looks like over extrusion but not sure what's causing it to be on specific heights.
Where's your MicroUSB port?
Great explanation, also remember that Samsungs actually have two bootloaders. The "first" bootloader which can't be flashed verifies the main bootloader and then the main bootloader takes off and does the rest.

People actually tried flashing a chinese Snapdragon bootloader (unlockable) onto a USA Snapdragon S8 however it resulted in a permanent brick. They used flashfire to flash this main bootloader. It might be recoverable with EDL mode but not sure.

In this case, the "first" bootloader couldn't verify the Chinese bootloader because of it's different keys and caused a brick. This is also another layer of security which most Android devices (i.e Pixel phones) don't have. Simply flashing a new bootloader is not enough to unlock the US Snapdragon model.

If we can find a way to flash this "first" bootloader (which if there is one, I'm pretty sure it'd need special equipment and you need to physically flash the chip which is stored on the phone) then maybe we can flash the Chinese "first" bootloader and allow the Chinese unlockable main bootloader to be flashed.
Be glad you're not on iPhone. Atleast you have options on Android.
Except for Iranian and North Koreans.

I can see why North Korea but seriously, Iranians?
Android for work is only on the system level, it does not reach beyond the system.

The enterprise control that Samsung has implemented goes all the way to the bootloader. I believe one of the features of it is mass flashing of phones to the clients preferred software.

This is Android, anything is possible, however it stops being Android after the system level.
Nope. You don't have the edl programmer files which you cant get anyway. Without them edl (which btw that doesn't work on Samsung) is useless on a Ssung
No. Samsung phones still remain unaffected by these vulnerabilities because of their very different bootloader structure and complete lack of fastboot and extremely hard to access and limited EDL mode.
> there's enterprise management features provided

non-existent on any Google phone
No, firmware is the same on FD as it is on F.

You won't lose dual sim functionality if you flash F on FD phone.
Wow that's gonna be loud. Well worth it to cool this beast tho
They're fucking bronze, they get so many things wrong in game.

They can't tell whether or not a D.VA got de-meched until it shows up in kill feed and they can't tell whether or not a tracer bomb got eaten by a DVA. They said it did but the explosion was heard and the DVA lost 400HP.
You should take an English class. 

If you talk like that, sorry dude.
You've clearly never seen a recent Samsung phone with a light back dark front color scheme in person. 

It doesn't look bad, it looks absolutely gorgeous.
No way
Yeah
You can also pop in any phone store or even an Apple store and just charge it a lil bit so it comes back to life.
listen here u lil shit
Silver S7 does, it has a rainbow light reflection coming off of it. I used to stare at my S7 for like 20 minutes because it looks so damn sexy in good light
He could save others from ads but not himself.
You've clearly never seen the gold Note 8 in good lighting
Because Qualcomm charges more for their modem independently than they do for a Qualcomm chip with modem included.

However the Snapdragon 810 was so absolute shit that Samsung coughed the cash rather than have hand heaters as a phone.
It does lol, it's a nice colour but definitely not gold lol
S3 had Snapdragon processor
It shouldnt but mine did, probably because this thing is made up of thousands of triangles instead of a solid shape
Samsung don't want to create unbalance between the two chips, this is also why the Exynos S8 doesn't support 4k60fps but is completely capable of it. The 835 S8 has no where near the capability for 4k60 fps.


Nope, definitely not. S6 can only get it because all variants are Exynos and Samsung can support Oreo on it. S7 has Snapdragion version which Qualcomm will abandon for Android P
0.175
Yeah I'm not sure either, Im pretty sure it was my retraction which messed it up.
See if your printer has a printable extruder assembly that is made for flexible filaments.

Basically right after the extruder gear, there should be zero spaces for the filament to curl up into, it should go into the bowden or through a tight hole into the bowden immediately.

On my select mini V2, the stock assembly could not print flexible AT ALL. I printed another one made for flexible and all filament types and now it works just as good as PLA.
Thank the guy who designed the model lol, I just printed it on my cheapo Select Mini lol
Yeah forgot to mention this, the less you have on the heat block getting in your way the easier it will be.
Or if you have a printer that came with an e3d clone and you've tested e3d nozzles and they fit perfectly lol.
Is that PLA? I suggest you heat it up to something like 150C and go in with a pair of pliers and just grab and pull it. After I suggest you test the nozzle for clogs and clean it.
Printed on the Monoprice Select Mini V2 and Sliced with Simplify 3D.

eSun PLA Pro+ "gold" at 210C and heated glass bed (no glue or anything added, bare glass, perfect adhesion) at 75C.

S3D said print time was gonna be 16 hours, boy was it wrong. I printed with Octoprint so I kept a close eye on it.

Model: https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:1356547

I printed in vase mode with only a small skirt since I already get perfect adhesion with bare glass and eSun PLA+, no brim needed. 
I've only found legit copies on pirate Bay of all sites lol, I'd love to buy it but I'm not paying 30 for a  CD from Amazon which I already bought for my PS2
1v1 car showdown, gonna fuck you up with my 350z
You saying this just changed my opinion, God fucking damn I miss CS.
Do you really need such obvious sarcasm pointed out? I hope youre building on the joke...
Yup, just like Nougat gave new life to the S7 and with a fresh install, the phone was always faster than it was when it was brand new out of the box.
fix is to use a wireless charger for now, but a software fix probably means either with the new january patch that just came out or next patch which very likely is oreo
Because they were losing potential customers so OnePlus to the rescue! Once people start buying their phones again they'll abandon them just like they did with OP2
I fucking knew I didn't spend 5 min tapping my phone like an idiot, there's a Pikachu!
We never know what the future holds...

Hell, we just got a car on it's way to mars orbit listening to David Bowie today. The rockets that got him to space and on his way successfully landed back on earth and are ready for use re-use (well, 2 out of 3 of them made it back).

Didn't think we'd do this 10 years ago, did we?
Yes, Samsung calendar syncs with Google the same way that the Google calendar app does.

So everything you put in Samsung or Google calendar will show up in each other as long as you're using the same account to sync on both.
Yup, welcome to Android.

Don't like your phone? Get a different one. Don't like something on your phone? Change it.

None of this is possible on iOS.
Nope, doesn't support it either. It's a wacom stylus which is extremely accurate and pressure sensitive. 

It's the same tech and company that develop professional art tablets.
I mean, you are on the Galaxy Note 8 subreddit lol.

The S8 is also a sound choice, however do know that the Note 8 is basically an upgrade to the S8/+ with dual camera, S-Pen wacom stylus and 6GB of RAM vs 4GB on the S8 which makes a world of difference in day to day performance.
Samsung Calendar already shows everything that would be in Google calendar, no reason to have access to Google Calendar if you don't need it and use a better app instead.
Yes, there's a program called Samsung Smart Switch which takes offline backups on PC.
Supported by all Samsung flagships.
You're using it wrong.
Unsubbed, I'm making my own ACJ with blackjack and sync for reddit
Non-Sync users: REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Sync for Reddit. There's a reason it's approved on /r/androidcirclejerk 

/s
That's why you have a printer, so you don't put money into new parts lol
Srsly?
Not true, it becomes available after 7 days.
Yes this still applies, just wait 7 days after setting up your phone and it should appear.
He just plays like a total dumbass so young viewers bring in the clicks. He was so much better 3-4 years ago.
Vampires hate him! see how he became rich!
No, it is not weird and it makes sense.

The Note 8 and S8 essentially run the same software except for varying kernels, other device specific things and added drivers for S-Pen.

What this means is that if there is a bug present on the S8 beta, it will 95% also be there on the Note 8 software. This applies other way around too.

The reason we've had leaks for Snapdragon firmware is because AT&T are complete dumbasses and have a server which hosts all their internal builds. This server can be publicly accessed hence the "leaked firmware".

Samsung isn't up it's own ass about things like this so international firmware (which is tested by Samsung, and some other very small country specific carriers) didn't get leaked. But I guarantee you, there are builds same as Snapdragon, for the international version as well, it's just that the testers aren't interns in IT.
LOL


[https://i.imgur.com/DDoWACQ.gif](https://i.imgur.com/DDoWACQ.gif)
Exynos bootloaders are unlockable
Yeah, at least Samsung has the chinese bootloader unlocked. LG are shooting themselves in the foot.
Bad decisions.
You can't check if it's currently active without root.

You can check if it's enabled and supported by digging through the menus but it won't tell you if it's active.

If you are rooted however, you can use networks signal guru app.
"We think this isn't good and you HAVE to agree with us, otherwise don't buy our phone."

Sound like another huge billion dollar company? *cough* Apple *cough*
yeah now try recording that same thing with any other android phone or an iPhone, will sound more like crap
There are no smart script kidddies
What state do you go to class in? 
Yeah but Siri is the dumbest pos ever so no thanks.
Don't a think a pi fits that shape
This meme will never die
It's LG. No more has to be said.
Loops good.
They do lol, they call it binge HD
Yeah, it's made by LG.
HD video only comes free with One plus add-on ($10) and if only increases cap to 720p.

There is no way to disable this on unlimited plans since like 2 years ago.
You can't turn it off on T-Mobile ONE
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
> if you let them throttle your content

You have no choice. Unless you pay an additional $25 a month for no throttle.
yeah, and? Samsung have their own schedule which they strictly adhere to every year. 

Unlike LG who have no clear schedule and update whenever their devs feel like doing something besides making the software UI look like trash.
and tbh the S8 and Note 8 are the second best phone mic right now.

Go watch any video on youtube comparing those two against any phone, they sound a lot better. Also the stabilized 2x zoom on the Note 8 is pretty nice
Yes don't turn the fan off. The heatsink will heat up and filament will melt causing a bad jam. You can put tape on fan exit duct. Just make sure it's cooling the heatsink
Don't do it then. The part cooling fan also actively cools the nozzle. The nozzle being cooled takes power away from the heated bed and doesn't let it get as hot.

However in my case since I have two fans, I can turn off the part cooling fan as the heatsink fan is always running and doesn't affect nozzle temps.
You need to turn off the part cooling fan. Which you should only do if you have two fans.

Don't turn it off if you have one, you will jam your printer.
No it just means other people have priority over you in congested areas.

If you're not in a congested area then your speed will be unaffected.
TMobile doesn't throttle only deprioritize.

No matter how much you use they only deprioritize you and it only affects your in very high traffic areas.

It's also only after 50GB not like 20 or 30.
Yeah safe, for a short while.

Below 70 is safe and good for long term
S7 literally has a button right there under the screen. Doesn't need it really.

S8 and later also have double tap on home button icon on the AOD or just hard press to wake up.
You connect to your provider with LTE and they connect you to the landline though whatever that uses. There won't be a quality difference for landline but your voice should sound better.
maybe that remaster it picked wasn't a very good remaster so it sounded the same lol
You can't. Your phone has a locked bootloader. Magisk needs to modify boot image so it installs without modifying system and the boot image gets verified by bootloader so there is no way to install magisk with a locked bootloader.
I dunno - this isn't California
Yes, perfectly.
It's Reddit, biggest circle jerk of the internet.
You really should update your phone.
Magisk is your friend. Where have you been? Magisk is all the shit. No more bullshit can't use this app cuz rooted thanks to Magisk.
https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:2722203
https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:2722203
https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:2722203
Blobs > whatever ugly shit is in Oreo

^^Nougat ^^> ^^Oreo ^^too ^^btw
No it isn't, T-Mobile version is basically the same except for a different LTE icon and light T-Mobile branding around the phone.

Not worth it if you have a T-Mobile phone.
If OctoPrint says it's done then you can just cancel out of the print on the printer.
What?
Using eSun semi-transparent orange PETG. 

240C and heated glass bed at 85C using Octoprint.

I had the part cooling fan set to the lowest possible value while still letting it spin, setting it too high would cool the nozzle and the printer doesn't have enough power to keep the bed at 85C and the nozzle at 240C while it's being cooled.

0.175 height, 15% fast honeycomb infill and like 30MM/s on S3D

This material was intially a huge pain to get good settings, but once I got those only issue was bed adhesion which the solution is to either use glue stick or heat the bed to a high temp like 85C. 60C will not stick without glue.

EDIT: Model is darth buddha: https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:881406
There is root on Exynos since it has an unlocked bootloader. You don't even need root to do it on Exynos, it's all SIM card based.

Only reason you'd be switching CSC anyways is to get on a different provider which if you Exynos is branded (like 98 out of 100 of them are unbranded unlocked) then you pop in the SIM and it switches CSC automatically.
Which isn't a thing and is also not necessary on international model.
Just use the old one. Only the wires are fucked here, not the connector which you can reuse.
Thanks, dickhead. I'm getting PTSD flashbacks from that god awful ad now lol



^^^/s ^^^the ^^^ad ^^^was ^^^horrible ^^^tho
He's so low that using any term would be offensive to those terms. There are no words to describe him.
Expect it Q2 or Q3 2018.

Around the same time as the S6 Nougat update.
Dude what? Note 8 is officially on 7.1.1. look it up lmao of ask anyone including me who owns a Note 8
Just go out and say it, he's a huge asshole who is Verizon's personal muppet.
Also factor in the 2 XL is made by LG using LG OLED and the smaller 2 is made by HTC using Samsung OLED.

The display on the smaller 2 is a lot better in terms of colour and quality control. Also the phone itself isn't made by LG so expect it to last a long time. You just don't know what can go wrong with the 2 XL since it's made by LG. They already fucked up the charging on the 2 XL and it's now slower than wireless charging on my Note 8 using the stock adapter.
Even if he did root his Note 8, he'd be stuck with SuperSU since the Note 8 has a locked bootloader and the root is a system root method.
No actually it was because the app had it's own seperate "marketplace" with downloadable packages.

If the dev wanted, he could've remade the app without the ability to download magisk modules and Google would've had no reason to block it.
I have a note 8 literally right here. It works with the screen off and on AOD. It also works on other Samsung phones on 7.1.1 and up.
It works on 7.1.1 on Samsung.
I'm done arguing with you. You've provided nothing to back your claims and now you're just joking.
You're just a blind fanboy lol, your logic is just because it's Google, it has a free pass to be bloatware on my phone and I'm not allowed to say anything about it.

You know what chrome is to me? Useless, inferior and slow browser which doesn't work right. Samsung Internet is a fuck ton faster and smoother, never crashes and has ad blocking capabilities.

If you don't understand that anything can be bloatware then you're just a blind fanboy.
It's already been that way on 7.1.1 phones which include the Note 8.

Also that isn't really anything major, not a lot of people use "Ok Google"
Prove it then, provide some evidence that Samsung features are "bloatware"

If they're bloatware then so is Chrome, Gmail and some other Google apps which just sit on my phone taking up space and being annoying since I can't uninstall them and use my own alternatives.
Zero percent of what you said is true. I'm not even going to bother linking you all the evidence since you're the one making the claim therefore you should link evidence for your claim.
That doesn't mean much on a Samsung phone.

Have you seen Samsung's Oreo? There isn't anything major that's new.
Yes it is, my moms Z2 Force is still on December.

My Note 8 and friends S8 are both on January,
US version S7 was terribly optimized and the clear inferior version of the phone. It had a Snapdragon 820 which was a hot garbage fire comapred to the Exynos counter part which not only was a better SoC, it also had faster updates and the software was more optimized since they sell that in the whole world and have a lot more people working behind it.
How about best display in any Android phone, headphone Jack, IP68, the list goes on.
Nope, if you install pure AOSP on a Pixel you'll find a lot of things are different. Mostly for the worse.
They don't get fined 1k, it gets taken away from their salary instead.
Exactly this, Chrome OS takes that power and makes it completely useless.

I'd rather have a Mac than this for the price.
It does support quick charge, but only at 2.0 speeds. 

You can use any 2.0, 3.0 or 4.0 charger and it will quick charge but only at 2.0 speeds.

The quick charge in all samsung phones is actually just Qualcomm QuickCharge 2.0 with USB PD support baked in. 
The S7 only has QuickCharge 2.0

Still faster than 2 XL, wtf?
It's over, they have the high ground.
Yes it is, just go on XDA. It's an unofficial build so it won't be on LOS wiki.
Your first mistake was getting rid the Pixel 2 for an iPhone.

Signal will always be superior on the Pixel 2 because of 4x4 MIMO and 256QAM.

Oh and you can also force Edge if you have to, Google doesn't tell your what you can't and can do with your phone.
Or they make their own tech which is far superior like dash charge.

That'll be way better than anything Qualcomm cooks up.
They support USB PD but they will only accept 15W.

USB PD can go 100W but that doesn't mean their phones don't support PD. My laptop with thunderbolt 3 port fast charges my Note 8 and my Pixel 2 XL charger also fast charges it.

Not to mention plugging my 2XL directly into my Note 8 (not recommended) also starts fast charging.
They support PD but only at 2.0 speeds which is still faster than whatever shit charging LG put in the Pixel 2 XL.
Post this on /r/Android 

Seems like bad PR is literally the only thing that makes people fix this bullshit. Fuck them over, please.
Idk lol
Significant waste of the chips abilities and potential.
I'm running stock 8.1 Jan with ElementalX 1.03 and Magisk 15.3.

I'm also using Xposed with Gravity box for Oreo. Been extremely happy so far.
> 2 consecutive years with lethal & shitty batteries.

Right because a phone that just simply won't turn and can be fixed by wireless charging is so DEADLY AND LETHAL. You should hide your kids.
no
Sure it may be a monopoly, but they are genuienly pushing the best products (screens, storage chips and now processors) so if there's anyone I want to have a monopoly, it's Samsung.

Unlike Qualcomm who have truly inferior products and yet still maintain a monopoly in the US.
Calling Bixby button hardware bloat is even more of a major stretch because it doesn't literally take away from the phones structure strength and doesn't take up massive internal volume. It also doesn't bring massive side bezels.
K
:(
Nintendo switch... Kinda...

They're kinda dead right now.

The switch has a Nvidia X1 chip in it but it's closed source Nintendo console so I'm not touching it.
They don't suck and you're completely wrong. Try BxActions instead of circle jerking.
Bixby can do more than Google assistant and they're both meant for different things.

People call the Bixby button hardware bloat, the squeeze feature is exactly that but because Google did it's not bloat.

God I hate this retarded circle jerk on /r/Android
It should work with the Exynos Note 8, but since this is meant for stock don't expect any good results.

Most stuff can be broken or this could break your phone so go with caution.

There is no Xposed for Snapdragon Note 8.
> (Not all CRTs are dumb, though.......)

Is this the beginning of Skynet?
No, in order to pass safetynet without uninstalling Xposed you need to install the systemless version through magisk.

Then you can enable or disable loading Xposed during boot through the magisk app.

Disable Xposed, reboot and Xposed is completely disabled and you have safetynet. Reenable it and it's back to where it was.
Yes, but you have to disable the module in magisk, not just disable xposed
No.
Not currently and I don't plan on taking updates from Google.

I'm waiting for Resurrection Remix to get on board with Oreo for now. Google's stock Android is boring as hell. Gravity box helps a lot but it's not 100%
You should get a part cooling fan btw, the stock hot end has one that acts as both heatsink cooler and part cooling fan.
2 years actually, Pixel 1 should get O and P on top of N which it launched with, the Pixel 2 however will get P, Q and R on top O which it launched with.
You can also try attaching the camera to your bed so it moves with it, if you're running Octo Print then use the time lapse on Z Axis change option and it looks like this: https://youtu.be/064k-gHWAiU
Working perfectly on my 2XL running 8.1 Jan with Magisk 15.3 and systemless Xposed.

Nice!
Working on my 2XL running 8.1 Jan update with systemless Xposed.
It's an American fountain.
It's been working on Oreo beta since forever.
But.. but.... TouchWiz lagg?????????

/S
Calm down dude
That's way too late, Samsung have always released major updates before the next generation of their phones come out so expect it before the Galaxy S9 launch.
Only with the S8/+ since it has more users.

The phone's basically run the same software except for different kernels some other stuff.

So if a bug exists on Oreo on the S8, it will also exist on the Note 8 and that's why the Note doesn't need a beta program. It's already got one but it's for the S8.
> US policies are dumb

American, can confirm.
You deserve to be punished. 

McCree and Hanzo don't deserve that kind of hell.
It goes in the crack between the tower of the printer and the wall that holds the spool holder.

When your Z Axis is going to home, when it reaches the bottom, it presses a button which says it's home. The spacer basically goes on top of the button and makes so that home is a bit higher for Z Axis since the button is getting pressed sooner.
Put clips on side and push glass slightly forward or backward to get to screws.
I just press connect, then when it doesn't work I press disconnect and change the baud rate. It connects right away then. I have to change the baud rate to something different Everytime tho, glad we're getting a fix for this.
If the part cooling fan is on my bed won't go above 65 because apparently the bed doesn't heat when the nozzle is heating. The fan cools the nozzle and let's it cool which means it needs heat.

Without the fan it could maybe reeach 80 in about 20 min but no more.

I have a V2 btw
Exynos S7 can already capture HDR 4K with root
No it's because Qualcomm raised the prices on then unless they used it with their processors.

With the Snapdragon 810 it was such a shitfire shit chip that they coughed up the cash for the separate modem.

Qualcomm knows they need the modem so they're strong arming them for money
Yes, backup every file that you need.
Eh I think the sharper Note 8 look is better, the rounded corners are way more subtle on the Note 8 and give it a more classy and professional look imo.
Format data in twrp, not wipe, format.

Then reflashed again.
There is no non root method.
No. Symmetry is better. That's why the iPhone X looks like a joke.
You're not wrong, you're just a minority.
Stop it. That was not murder.

What did that poor sub do to you to deserve to be spammed by shit light core content?
Couldn't handle it but they had no reason to use one that could handle it since the 835 wouldn't have have supported it either way.
Not all ads are equal
Excellent logic there, your logic has a lot of clones btw.
Thanks.
It should be, but Apple are making it extremely difficult.

I know the password, every detail on that account including only one of the security questions.

I don't even know why it was disabled in the first place, I've barely ever used it and I've never forgotten the password.
When I select answer security questions it asks me for date of birth and when I enter the correct date, it just spams me with this: https://imgur.com/a/x6PZV

I know it's correct because if I enter anything else it says it's wrong but the correct date gives me that.
I have the password and one security question. Where do i go from here? None of the support calls so far have said that knowing my password is useful in this case.
The recovery e-mail is literally the same icloud e-mail that is disabled, how is that my fault when they didn't ask me to change it like literally every single other service that uses a recovery e-mail?
They told me I need 2 answers to reset the AppleID.

I don't have any purchase documents because I bought it over 2 years ago and it was imported into my country by hand brand new 1 week after launch.
Yeah it's just that my local store is in a mall which I frequent a lot and I pass by and most of the time go in the store to pass time while family does their thing at the mall. I know most of the employees by name and really don't want to get the weird looks lol, already happened before when I was returning my V30 which I got before the phone even launched and they were looking at me like how did I get this phone lol.
Okay thanks, I'll likely just jump to a REVVL and then return it the next day at a different store so I don't get weird looks from employees lol. 
Yes but I've heard that doesn't actually work, is it confirmed to work?
RIP Papa Franku
Since like forever, can't remember when it didn't extract everything when opening anything in there.
Winrar extracts the dependencies too.
You can't be running a Note 7 ROM on the S8.

Unless you found MM kernel sources, MM bootloader and manage to Port the system itself then you're not running it.
That is not the Note 7 AOD.
lol it's trash, built to brake and only USB 2.0.

No thanks.
Sure, but with PayPal you could also use a debit card and use their charge back and still be just as safe. Eitherway PayPal is still better.
Only core we need
Rank is just a number
Only needs the modem, not the software.

Can only flash the CP file in Odin and you'll remain on unlocked firmware but get all the T-Mobile network features.
No.
And pay more than your plan in fees and taxes? Not to mention support greedy moneybags? No thanks.
/r/GalaxyNote8 

/r/GalaxyS7 

/r/GalaxyS6 

/r/GalaxyNote5 

all those too

You're wrong. You didn't factory reset.

After a huge update you should always reset if you don't want bugs. 
Yes, your card info isn't actually shared with anyone if you use PayPal.
Just shut up.
That's also unacceptable.

Atleast they didn't promise before the end of 2017
I noticed for your PLA you say 210-230 *Fahrenheit*, it should be Celsius ;)
De-priotized, no WiFi Calling, no VoLTE and no hotspots but also $10 per GB?

No thanks. I'll stick to T-Mobile.
yeah and then you realize there are no non-TouchWiz ROMs for the Note 8 so no extra customization on the level and you look like a dumbass.
You need to flash Australian firmware to use Samsung pay in US.
Can we stop making up random Pixel cores? Pixel AI core, Pixel machine learning core, Pixel *insert random name here* core
Doomfist charge has a cooldown of 4 and can be cancelled any time plus it doesn't completely make vulenrible for the entire period of the charge.

Rein however...
Well when you have a 1000lb German in rocket power armor charging at you, you don't get to stay.
Most did, US people got it way later.
Oh wow, can't believe I missed that. Thanks.
So you call shit breaking every update and half Oreo update amazing support? LOL
Hey! I'm looking to do an interview with an engineer in any field who's had a degree and a job in that field for at least 5 years. It's for my high school engineering class and has to be through e-mail.

My teacher has given me a preset list of questions so if you're interested in helping me out just send me a PM and I'll give you all the questions and my e-mail.

Any help would be great! This is due on the 19th, thank you so much.
Damn that's actually pretty sad tho lol
Nothing, it just means the device has Google bloatware installed.
Wait for Oreo and it'll work.

Oreo has OMS and I've tested it. Using the Swift themes you can have colored notifications with white text.
/r/iamverysmart 
Right because iOS 11 was such a good update and every single iOS update brings so many fixes and new stuff like fixing the notifications.
A little bit more than a Nexus 6P
It's CSC based whether or not it stays in the status bar.
With PLA I use bare heated borosilicate. 

With PETG I use either that glass with glue stick or with blue tape on top.
Also the unlocked US model is extremely slow because if carriers can get away with slow updates then so can Samsung since it will cost them less.

International unlocked however has no excuse to do this hence why they always get updates first.
Then who did 911? JarJar?
Did bush do tsunami?
Alcohol 99% + tissue works best Imo, also cleans the glass of everything else.

I use PLA and with a wipe after each print, my glass bed @60C feels like it is super glued to my prints. But when temp drops to 35C, it comes with no effort. This is perfect.
Actually from S8 and later the phones have full support for gigabit ethernet through USB C.
This would be a good print with ABS and PETG.

Don't think PLA will work as well.
tbh IR Blaster and no more unlocked bootloader on carriers completely killed that phone for me.

Only reason I'd pick one up is if it can be through a lease with T-Mobile and I can root or load a good AOSP ROM on it. Can't? Not interested in LG software. I tried it and returned it.
Carriers and outdated tech used by... you guessed it! Carriers!
Some materials like PETG or TPU can ruin the PEI.

I'd rather use blue tape to be safe.
Hey! I'm looking to do an interview with an engineer in any field who's had a degree and a job in that field for at least 5 years. It's for my high school engineering class and has to be through e-mail.

My teacher has given me a preset list of questions so if you're interested in helping me out just send me a PM and I'll give you all the questions and my e-mail.

Thank you!
Low orbit ion canon.
Samsung has enabled lockscreen customzation, even in their current Nougat ROMs. 

It's basically the same as stock except you can change the clock to be a calendar or music widget.

In Oreo however (which is launching very soon, expect it in the coming 2 weeks) you can fully customize the notifications, their transparency and text colors, you can fully customize the clock style, color and various functions. 

Oreo stock does not have this.
You haven't clearly stated anything that Samsung doesn't have.

Only close mention was SystemUI tuner which can be done even better with an app from the play store. 
So tell me what customization your holy stock Android has that Samsung doesn't.
You can get rid of every single status bar icon (and move them around with substratum) using the system ui tuner app in play store. 

You should just get an iPhone then if you want everything as easy as possible. Android isn't about easy, it's about you and you want a dumbphone by the sounds of it.
lol ok, theme your system and system apps without root and without adb.

change the transparency and color of notification on your lock screen.

customize your always on display (if you have one *cough*)

adjust your audio to your liking with a built in equalizer and some preset sound profiles if you like them.

block ads without root or vpn service or battery drain.

change your font without root.

I can keep going dude.
Not that it doesn't work, the Exynos chip just doesn't have FM.

However the Snapdragon does but most manufacturers lock it.
Pretty much, or until next Nougat update if it has the new U3 bootloader, if it doesn't then you're screwed until official update.
Yes absolutely, after about 2 hours of testing I found my perfect settings for my pine green roll on select mini v2 with a glass bed.

Prints are flawless 10/10 times now. Whenever I print this stuff I don't even stay for the first layer because I know for sure it will be perfectly stuck and clean.

100% recommend this filament.

EDIT: it's 210C with 60C bed. I use a glass bed and clean it with 99% alcohol after every print. It sticks like super glue at 60C and comes off with zero effort below 40. It's genuienly perfect.
Print a z axis spacer for the printer.

If your new nozzle is too low and the bed won't go any lower it will save your ass.
Yes but it only has USB 2.0 and no ethernet or HDMI so it's useless in this case.

The Note 8 is very capable though, except for the speakers.
Yes it's very hard which makes it brittles and prone to easy breakage. ABS or PETG are a lot more flexible which let's them take a lot more weight or pressure before bending or snapping.
Have you found a good way to print PETG with a glass bed?

I've tried hair spray, glue stick and blue painters tape.

Hair spray and glue stick work nicely but the bottom of prints is not very smooth and good and I have to clean the bed every time.

The painters tape stick very nicely even without heat to the PETG but the tape itself always lifts off the printer and allows the part to warp.

I use a MP Select Mini V2 with the bed @70C or @60C usually.

EDIT: I also use eSun semi-transparent orange PETG if that makes a difference, I've found 225-230 give me the best quality.
Also the V2 Mini which I have all come with E3D V6 hot ends. I think it's a clone version but it's pretty much the same.

I get extremely nice prints with a heated glass bed and eSun PLA+ @210C and 60C. It's really come to the point where I've found the 10/10 perfect prints everytime settings and I just absolutely enjoy this printer.

Only complaint is build volume but hey, $150 is $150.
> at least here in the UK anyway


Game wouldn't let me take a screenshot so just took a picture.
Yes, also I think hunting rifles are a lot more flexible across the world about their ownership and manufacture. A lot of countries with banned guns allow hunting rifles with a license which you need to buy ammo.

I assume you can make your own rifle with an SN and license it.
Do you have the V1 or V2?

If you have the V2 you can just buy E3D V6 nozzles off Amazon. You can also buy a hardened or even ruby nozzle for the E3D for printing hard filament like carbon fiber.
Yikes, you got bad bed wires so it's showing 999 as the temp.

Time to replace the wires and reroute through the back.
Try *#2263# and then go to band preference.
You can, just use blue tape and PLA so you don't need heat to make it stick.

That's what I did when my bed went out and I needed some.stuff before.i fixed it.
Grand if equitable.
tbh this is probably more likely.

Maybe even a teacher? they're more likely to be in the school after hours.
You can put it on the floor too if there's no where stable near by.
Nothing, it's all down.
Lenovorolla happened
*taps head*
> Quick updates

> Bug free phone

Choose one
Not possible without root. Need to change customer.xml (which is encrypted on Note 8 so impossible to edit) in /system/omc/CSC

Only way to change is with root and replacing it with a non-encrypted .xml from the S8 which is compatible and then making edits to that.

Basically way out of substratums ballpark.
Don't buy this belkin crap ffs. Extremely overpriced for what it is.

A cheapo chinses qi charger will give you the same charge quality as a belkin one and it also doesn't cost 6x times as much as the competition.
No you will never be able to flash the stock recovery again so there's an extremely high chance Razer won't take it in for warranty if anything is still flashed on it that isn't stock.

This means you're stuck with an unlocked bootloader and no safety net unless you root and give up OTAs. 

Or if you want OTAs then no safetynet
$550 to replace back glass.

And it's not like other phone were everyone can do it themselves, apple made sure of that 


$550, let that sink in. You can buy a One plus 5t for less than that.
hmmm that juicy sony ericsson logo on that Ion phone. So many memories.
Great, once you flash TWRP you cannot go back to stock anymore. You will be stuck on an unlocked bootloader and won't be to relock it to go back to full stock.
synapse is complete fucking shit.

My blackwidow chroma V2 randomly stopped being detected at all today. Hell even Overwatch detects it and uses the chroma SDK but synapse being the complete joke of an excuse of a piece of software it is doesn't pick it up.

$180 for this shit. $180. $180.
Not without root.
At least they released the factory images so people can root safely...

Oh, wait....
And you're not?
No the V30 doesn't but the V30+ should. 

The S8 and S8 active (with B71) both come with Samsung ear phones which were branded and tuned by AKG which sound very good for a free pair of buds. 
Impossible, locked bootloader means no root no ROMs no nothing.

The S8 also has a locked bootloader but because of exploits there is root access. No ROMs though so no stock android, only root.
S8 Active? 

if you already prefer the S8 and are going with the V30 then it's definitely worth a look.

Not only does it have B71 but a 4000mAh battery and a very rugged build.

Not to mention you won't be abandoned with updates.
Mines still going after 200 hours of printing.

I intend to do it but I'd rather wait and just do the XY exapnsion as well when it was.
No it's the same guy going crazy with every news outlet.
Holy shit dude calm down. 

Show me proof that 30+ people are dead and then complain about then not publishing something that could potentially be false.

No one is out to get you.
Nope, you need a device with Samsung Pass and it's currently only flagships on Nougat and higher right now.

Also on Oreo they adapted Samsung Pass to the Oreo autofill API so it works in every app like Spotify or Coinbase and you can login with your Samsung Pass account with biometric authentication. Very useful, imagine lastpass but with fingerprint and iris security and natively implemented to autofill.
Even on original quality (which I use) there is still compression but way less so than the other option. 

My downloaded pics off Google Photos are about 3MB each but directly from my SD Card (Not if you have a Pixel ;) they are about 6MB. 
It will be after his iPhone gets slowed down after a year.
Won't fix shit. Google photos compresses everything no matter what quality you use.
Also by acting human and being scared as shit when some jacked up power hungry moron cop is shouting at you.
/r/conspiracy is leaking again
> running to collect welfare in Germany

Bet most Iranians make more than you 3x
Yes, the bed on V2 can hit 85 for example but only by using cura or repetier when USB printing.

I've done it before trying to print ABS.