Maybe we could raise a special group of children to learn all of the politics of the world. Then when they come of age, they rule in place of a president as a single body.

Maybe we could just use computer AI when it's strong enough. We could call them something fitting, like Patriots.
Or maybe a tiny green turtle shell.
With the lighting, it could be dark blue.  

I do somewhat agree with her argument, but for different reasons. I think most people all groom according to what's normal.  They do it their best to appear attractive, show they care, and even to get noticed.  99% of the world is guilty of that. It's just when someone does something outside of the norm that we call them on it. It's a double standard. It isn't intended because most people assimilate their looks subconsciously, not that's still the case.
> So if someone stays true to themselves and doesn't consider themselves punk then you shouldn't label them that way. All squares are rectangles but not all rectangles are squares.

Fair enough, I was going by other people's judgments.  But even in terms of self identification, I just think people need to meet multiple qualifications.  If MLK Jr. defined himself as punk, I don't think that would be entirely valid even though he is rebelling against the status quo.
You can make the same statement about punk fashion.  Maybe it should be treated like feminism where we can talk about it in waves.  

The way you're saying it, anyone who feels that they stay true to themselves despite what anyone says could call themselves punk.  
Kind of. Some information is lost and it won't look right unless an assumption is made and the lost information is replaced.  It's usually fixed with data from the middle.

If the original image was such that the image was vastly different where the vignette was applied, you're not going to be able to get back to the original without a bit of luck. 

Please note, this is from someone who has done minimal image manipulation with coding.
I couldn't find the exact article I read a while back.  This is all I could find now.

https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/health/7945785/Councils-pay-for-prostitutes-for-the-disabled.html
Yeah.  It made sense to me when I realized the dash happened on the ground, so before you jump you've already satisfied the "be on the ground" rule.  All you then need is the timer to run out.
> Oh sorry, I think you misunderstood me. 

I did.  I thought you were mocking my comment. Sorry.

>it is a public performance of that game.

If I accept that it is a public performance, then I consider the performance to be of the player using the game as an instrument and not just a performance of the game itself.  I think this way because the game is an interactive experience and not just something fixed like a book or song.  

I fully understand that is not how games are viewed by law.  I think it is transformative when I see things like speedrunning or heavily edited and practiced clip montages with comedic voiceover like by VideogameDunkey.  



There is one thing I am curious to get your opinion on.

What are your thoughts on the Korg "games" for systems like the new on on the Switch.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3zVx_XDRBgg

This is the type of thing that could be ported to PC and sold as actual song creation software. 


I want to put that aside though since I think we really understand each other's position on the general idea.

If we assume this Korg Gadget game was released as a standard game, that is.  I'm not sure if there are special things that allow people to copyright music they make with this game.

Mine don't even say that.  Just something like "motorvehicles only." 

I haven't seen any HP signs.  I'm just aware of a law that prevents people from driving a certain speed under the speed limit.  
It looks like a highway entering a city and becoming normal streets.  

This situation just looks crazy.  If a road seems to have a 55+ mph speedlimit and six lanes, I'd keep a bicycle off of it.  It seems inexcusable to not have a bicycle lane if bicyclists are allowed on this road.

In my area, there are signs on on-ramps stating that only motor vehicles are allowed further.  Once on the highway, no walking on the side, no biking in the lanes.  
Magnetic fields can repel each other.  If you want a "why" on that, good fucking luck.
I know some people have just used Nitrogen gas.  It works very well.  Personally, I'd go with fucking Nitrous.  Why not have a nice dissociative experience as you go?  Be on a little LSD so you actually have an out of body experience.  Only you will never come back this time.  Sounds kind of okay to me.
> Great pun but I think that's pretty silly. It's clearly a public performance.

Look around.  For whom am I performing?  This thread has been going on for a while with no other replies, no one is getting upvoted, and neither of us are downvoting the other.  I appreciate that we respect each other enough for that.  Please respect that my feelings here are true.  

I've grown up through message boards, forums, IRC, AIM, Facebook, Skype.  I don't feel there is a meaningful difference between a private conversation in person and one using electronic tools. That's where my opinion comes from.  That's all.

I actually feel that original fanmade games using a company's IP are less legitimate than streamed copyrighted games.  I personally enjoy them both, but I understand why we don't let just anybody make a "Mario" game with a red-hatted platforming plumber.
When did it fall out of style to just put your babies outside and just leave them there?  It's so elegant.
You use spray on deodorant? 
What would someone call this haircut?  It's like the mix of a pompadour, a mullet, and the haircut of the Marvel comicbook superhero Legion.
> You can't really think that playing on twitch for 14,000 other people is comparable to playing some games with your buds in your room.

You could say they're *virtually* indistinguishable to me.
Yeah, you can only murder something which has a life.  
I feel like the Pro joystick is just broken in Celeste.  I used a Xbox One controller and its joystick works just fine in the game.  I don't dash the wrong way 10% of the time anymore.

I've just gone to the d-pad though.
Kind of like "his game is strong."  
Punk is defined by rebellion.  In my day, people who just wore the style as an affectation were "posers."
That's the one thing I learned from these videos. If you are going to swing on a rope or do this, pull yourself up off the ground and just hold on. Add g forces.
I think the "nostalgic" bit has dual meanings.  One is a bit of a fourth wall breaking nod to the graphics getting simpler, like old video games.  The second is the fact that she's returning to the mountain a year later and is again surmounting a challenge and finding peace.


There's a heart kind of hidden in every regular level.  Then on B and C sides, hearts are just at the end of some very difficult levels.
It's a dissociative.  Feeling doesn't get to the brain or is incredibly dulled.
How are these created?

Never mind, I found out how.  https://www.reddit.com/r/brokenanimegifs/wiki/tutorial
It looks so fake.
There are stores. Because there's a demand. Usually in shady places.
I think you hit where you and I differ. I don't see streaming like playing music in a night club.  I see it like playing with your friends. You're there, you chat and interact. It's just digital instead of in person.

I'm curious what you think about something like twitch plays Pokemon where everyone chatting was playing the game. I view it like everyone was there playing together, just using some digital extensions to bridge the gap that their physical body couldn't.
I try not to get worked up over punctuation. I just wish people would start using the interrobang.
Huh, that's true. That's why I love Reddit. I came here to give advice and I got useful advice instead.  Thanks, man.
However, I am allowed to take music I own, but do not hold the copyright to, and play it for my friends.  That's fair use. Is this different?
This is true.  I'm very much a "eat in the car" type of person when it comes to fast food.  But at work, I'll spend my break eating at a place next door.  The people there recognize me and that shows, even if they don't know me.  I go early, it's quiet, I eat in a booth alone.  There's nothing wrong with that.  If I didn't do that, I'd probably blow some shit up somewhere or start eating people.  I also like to read books with Kindle on my phone.  It's very calming.
Useless is a bit rough.  I imagine she'd be there to lead and guide as always.  

She hasn't displayed one drop of offensive or defensive mutant ability in any of the fights or potentially dangerous situations she has been in.  Weirdly convenient, unless her mutant ability is something like weaving wicker chairs or growing tomato plants.
How far does this extend?  Mario Paint?  QBasic?  Coloring pencils?
Of course. If you are forced to retreat, you don't leave materials behind that can be used against you. People destroyed farmland and food before.  I could see blowing up a few boxes.
In my experience, politicians who speak this way might know what they're saying is true, but they're under political pressure to behave like it isn't true. He's toeing the line between reality and some special interest that has hooks in him.
If he truly is, he sounds like he's saying it in the most begrudging way. 

"There Earth may possibly not be flat"
Everyone thinks she is because of her interaction with David, helping him tune out other voices. But she's just one of many voices he's hearing because he's able to read everyone's minds.  

Otherwise, she never communicates telepathically with a non-telepath.  Later, she asks David to read Clark's mind when they have him captured. She wouldn't need to do that if she could.
There is a country for state funded prostitutes for the disabled, if I recall.
They showed a real clean shot through the area where other robots have that core. I think he was real.
While having this conversation, of course I know parachutes won't work. While playing the game, I could see overlooking it just because there's so much to do.
They even designed it so you could burn off her skirt. Jesus.
Three movies in three years. Today it would be a miniseries on Netflix.
From now on I'll call it "deploying my seven Nation army."
I think the last season needed to be darker.  If there was to be any satisfying conclusion, there had be high stakes and real losses.
That's why I got a Magic-NS and use a PS4 controller on my Switch, just for Celeste.
Yeah, the original NPR story I hear mentions that.  Wouldn't you feel a bit stressed if you had to go back somewhere where a long painful death had been a near certainty?
Do you have a source?
They end up getting rescued by time traveling back to when it was inhabited by people who could leave the island. Then they die.
So they swap asses and mouths.
Ah, fuck. Japanese. Otherwise known as speed running mode.
There's another good story I've heard recently involving children in Sweden.

https://www.npr.org/sections/goatsandsoda/2017/03/30/521958505/only-in-sweden-hundreds-of-refugee-children-gave-up-on-life

They'll just go catatonic for no discernible reason in response to stress . They've found it really crops up with refugees.  

There could be any number of reasons for this, but it's weird for it to be localized to a country.
Sorry, maybe I wasn't clear.  My psychiatrist has no problem prescribing me my xanax. My therapist/counselor is someone different who sees a monthly drug test.  This person chastises me for using my medicine >31 days after I receive it.

I just wondered if what my therapist said has any merit.  As in, if  a cop sees me take a pill from a bottle that's more than a month old, can I be arrested?
Yeah, the lights there make it a nightmare to make certain turns. They treat it like it's a small town mainstreet. 

You hear so many horns get blown here.
Yep. I recognize the Gateway rest stop.

It's above the Taco Bell sign.
That's cool.  I stayed away because I was imagining the painstaking placing of blobs with a joystick.


You can make your own at home. It takes another person and about nine months to make.  The upside is this version doesn't even require you to do anything for it to work. It just screams all the damn time.
Oh, that's right.  My bad.
They can't live like that forever. The government would eventually collapse.
David said he made those he freed immune. So he might be able to enter her maze and not be put into a trance.

edit: i forgot Cary was never infected.
Are you talking about using an EZ 3 in 1 or is there an actual way to overwrite real cartridges?
I've been trying to stick with Madeline-esque names.  So my cheat file is Madhatter.
You've conflated patriot with other positive traits.

    Patriot: a person who vigorously supports their country and is prepared to defend it against enemies or detractors.

     synonyms:nationalist, loyalist; 
Bitlocker is the go to choice for lazy windows encryption. Ezpz
This is a good break down of the music of Celeste.  As someone who has bought the bandcamp releases, I really appreciated this.
I think he meant SoCal. Southern California.
Is this the old Clerks' Deathstar contractor argument?  
I wonder if that's for real.  It's pretty hard to shoot down missiles.  
I'd be happier if wars happened between leaders and didn't destroy countless families. 
Cool.  I was wondering if it was some technical hurdle.  I guess not.  Fuck Telegram.

If I need to LARP plotting to assassinate Lincoln or getting together to smoke weed, I'm going to use Signal.
I remember shitting my pants when seeing that big pink cloud over the land.  

You can bet I jump over that cloud like my life depended on it.
Thanks for that.  Does Signal do E2E encrypted group chats? or any service for that matter?

To add one more, Slime-San.  It has two level pack releases too.
That's not really something they can do. Telegram doesn't hold backdoors into everyone's conversations.
Before this, I'd have thought most of everything Trump has done with the Russia investigation would have counted as obstruction of justice.
Bowel Movement.  It's only polite to flusha after a BM.
Every bounce replenishes your dashes.

Edit: never mind. I thought those were bounce pads.
If you want another good platformer with what I recall was good feedback, check or Splasher.

Imagine a 2D platformer with ink guns whose ink does different things.
As someone with a mother suffering from MS, I just broke down and cried on my lunch break. 

I don't understand how we let so many people suffer and worry about whether they'll be able to get the medicine they need to live.
He's had serious brain surgery recently. I wouldn't be surprised if that played a part.
Zero.  People are making these nets, so it's unlikely this is a skill held by one man.

Edit, I guess it depends on who the "they" is you're referring to.  If you mean just the people on this boat, it's probably they're only one.
It's not that they're always Russians. It's that Russians are a hot item in terms of news.  So those articles get picked more and gain more popularity. 

There are many atrocities going on right now that you'll never hear about unless you work really hard to find out about them.
And don't forget the five other drugs you'll need to cover the side effects. This way you can sleep (and only at night), not shit your pants, and not go into delusional rages.  Unfortunately you'll probably still get cancer. We have more drugs for that too. They work great \*
I can see how "looks like his racial background is ______" can be incorrect or rude, but I don't think it's racist unless the words put in there are very racist. 

It's a red flag for sure, and can show ignorance, but it's not a completely racist thing to describe anyone.
So it's like the opposite of the lockout locks where everyone is needed to unlock all of their locks? Just one needs unlocked? 

I'd hate the guy who throws on a master lock.
My only issue is it looks like they're attacking Pepsi Man with his one potential weakness: Pepsi. 

It's like watching the government start investing in anti X-Men technology.
I don't think torture and death is something that is a direct goal at the end of careers.  

Imagine if we honored someone's career, then had their own team running round throwing spears into their back until they collapsed and were bled out.

Granted, you could argue that our uncaring over CTE is allowing repeated attacks (like the spear throwing).  Only we let people retire and live with all of the damage we've done to them, sometimes to horrible effect.
I think this man feels he has much more control than he has.  He's also probably afraid of what coming out pro-medical marijuana would do to him in his next race.

Right now though, sick people who need cannabis will get cannabis.  So the currently law only punishes people who get caught doing what many others are doing.  When it comes to people's health, they'll value health over legal troubles.  

If cannabis was needed to save someone's life, like in the instances where people have dozens or hundreds of seizures a day, it's a matter of life and death.  I'd go to jail to protect my child.  The laws are just punishing people who don't have a real alternative.
At first you claimed I was anthropomorphizing him because I said he was traumatized.  You brought up that it was only feelings. Then when I responded about that, you said trauma isn't emotional and animals don't feel it. You also called me a pussy for what you first brought up.

If you look up the definitions of either word, they have a medical meaning in terms of damage an a primary definition for the psychology of experiencing trauma.  You took this to mean I'm a millennial pussy taking about feelings. I feel that trauma is a good word because it encompasses everything happening to the bull. Torture, prolonged injury, and death. I didn't think animal cruelty was so controversial. 

You seem to be trying to misunderstand in order to have a problem with me. So much so you insult me.

Have a nice day and I hope you get some perspective and the ability to use context clues while reading if you weren't actually lying about your interpretations. Right now you just genuinely seem to be a dick because it does something for you. Maybe it's because you are having problems with your *feelings*.
Huh, I certainly didn't notice any parallels or word my response to intentionally mirror rapists exact justifications.

Now that you've put it that way, you've convinced me that rape is justified.  Thanks, man.
Look at him, shaking it like that.  What kind of reaction did he think he was going to get?  He was just trying to be a fucking tease. 
I think my videocard doesn't even have DVI on it now.  It's just DisplayPort and HDMI.  
That's interesting.  I was just going from an off-hand comment in an article I read.  So I took it as being true.  

I thought at least some of these bulls would be bred separately and not just collected from dairy farms, so I was ready to accept it as true.
Trauma isn't a human-only emotion.  Find a dog and keep kicking and see how it starts to treat being around you or other people.

What is with reddit and armchair nit pickers.  What would your preferred way to describe it? Or are you of the opinion that other things don't have feelings?
True.  Sometimes people forget that safety equipment does its best to prevent occasional incidents.  Everything we build is made out of imperfect materials with imperfect processes.  

It reminds me of Garry Hoy, the Toronto lawyer who demonstrated the safety of the windows in his building by running, jumping, and bouncing off of them.  If I remember correctly, he did it so much eventually he just dislodged the window.  The glass itself didn't break though.
By waving his arms and that flag, he's communicating to the bull to attack him.  He's antagonizing it.  Doing my best to translate it into how the bull would interpret this in English, this would be "fuck you, try your best to get me." Literally, that's literally what's literally happening.  

No, I think I have "literally" down.
The really terrible is we bred cattle to make these hyper aggressive bulls just for this. They're doing everything we wanted them to do. Then we torture and kill them.
I won't celebrate death, but this guy literally died asking for the bull to do his best to try to kill him. He's old enough that nobody can really claim he's just innocent and ignorant of what he's doing. It was a traumatizing situation for the bull and there's no way he can be blamed. Unfortunately he was probably killed because of how these idiots treated him throughout his life.
That's true.  If he had to be anyone from the show, he'd be more like one of the shitty evil ground-dwellers who work for meths and get some protection.
Me too.  I mean, I can understand how unlimited life can let people gain tons of power and influence.  You see it in a lot of fiction where people live long times.  Even just having some money in a bank would make you rich over enough time.
Meths are above the law.
This is really cool.  It's like a nice mashup of Mother 3, Earthbound 64 images, and Wind Waker.  
The general rule is that you only touch the trigger when you want something destroyed.  

That said, the rule isn't crucial if you never hold or use a real functioning gun.  I have terrible trigger discipline with squirt guns.  I could easily end up with wet socks.
I guess to me her eyes don't look genuinely happy here.  

It doesn't look like a duchenne smile.  It might be her natural eyes, or training, or some work she had done, but it looks too self-conscious and controlled.
I mean, it's a valid request, technically.

I'm imagining the result going down as a what would be called an attempted hijacking rather than job training though.  Nobody really accepts youtube watching as training.  If they did, I'd be making a lot more money.
Are you coming from the "they're the same but also separate and distinct " argument or the "we're still waiting for the savior" argument?
I imagine them out as awful digital barking representing the actual image file.  Like if you ran a vinyl record through a dot matrix printer.  
I understand, fellow "taking picture of a screen" friend.

I now have some software that is running at all times that can capture whatever I see.
Fun fact: this is literally a thing in some places!

Second not so fun fact: it's usually done with dangerous chemicals instead and not a towel.
To monkeys.  I feel like the really bring the average net worth of apes way, way down.
That's great.  At the time I knew it was portraying representation of a psychic battle and not Ptolemy's interpretation of a clandestine meeting where he's working with SK.

Now, maybe he saw a different bit of memory, but I think he still described dancing together and that's still an accurate description of a psychic dance battle.
Hey. I'm sorry to hear you feel that way. Booze isn't for everyone. One is for sure, with booze being the way it is and people being the way they are, you going to be the first or last person to feel that way and there's almost no chance where you are you're alone in feeling this way. 

While I know I'll probably never meet you or be someone who can help you, someone can and will if you're willing to speak up or take help if someone else does. Right now all I can say is someone read a tiny thought you put out a tiny message and someone wishes you well. I hope someday you feel differently. Better. Have a good night.
Thank you for saving me the trouble of realizing this.  I was hoping for a more responsive experience that could still direct me in traffic and work with Google Auto.

I should have figured it'd be pretty restrictive. Although I do imagine at some point they'll add turn by turn navigation to their regular webpage. Even if Google doesn't develop it for this, other mobile devices running desktop operating systems will eventually get GPS sensors put into them. I don't doubt it for a minute.
He probably does it for the same reason people will go on rampages in serious open world games.  The stakes aren't real and you can reset everything.  

He's gone through DECADES of this game, where you can live about a week of another life.  It's like Groundhog Day.  You can explore every single possibility.  If nothing mattered and nothing changed, I doubt many people wouldn't kind of lose their shit.  Add in the fact he knows these aren't real people and that he isn't just crazy, and there's literally nothing holding him back.

Also, the game is full of conflict.  I'm sure there are times where it would have forced him to kill.  And after you kill the same guy 50 times, I'm sure it loses it's edge. Everything probably does.
Or Trump, I think is the point.
I'm more interested in how he's folding his arms.  They're tucked under his armpits.  Is he about to check if he applied enough deodorant or something?
Whether you're right or not, no need to be such a cunt about it.
Well, I feel like an idiot.  I subscribe to this sub and each "Go" app has had pretty significant fanfare.  I'm not sure how I missed this.
That's true.  I wasn't trying to be inaccurate or misleading.  I was just trying to talk about the general existence of situations where the threat or use of force against commanding officers is justified.

To be extra clear, I am also not saying fragging could or couldn't fall in this category.  I simply do not know enough and readily admit that.
When you're dealing with life and death, sometimes "kill or be killed" goes in unexpected directions. 

In my book, someone like Hugh Thompson Jr., Glenn Andreotta or Lawrence Colburn is a hero.  Thankfully they didn't need to make good on their threats of violence, but they did what needed to be done.

I know full and well I'm just talking out of my ass given that I have never been in these situations, but unfortunately these situations do exist.
This is a remarkably helpful comment that I had no idea about.  Is there any site that has recommend config changes for game compatibility? 
I got a little scared after reading this comment and then seeing the notifications for a new email and 45 minute drive to work.  Those are both accurate notifications I currently have, but seem generic.
I still have mine with its Cyanogen Mod on it.  I can't even recall what version it has, but it's low.  It's off now, having served admirably and getting some well deserved rest.  It's being kept around though, in case it's needed someday.

It's also the only phone I have that has a WiMax antenna in it.  I don't know if that will ever be useful again, but it doesn't hurt to have.
Yeesh. I remember having that problem way back on my HTC Evo 4G. In fact, my first one would overheat and shut off doing that.  Then again, I could even make it overheat by rapidly scrolling a webpage for a couple of minutes. 

I guess Google Maps has gotten fat over the years as phones have gotten stronger.

I wonder if they will (or can) make a slimmed down Go version of Maps.
You've provided no real information to help decode this and from what you're saying it sounds like it could be shady/illegal.  No thanks.
Actually, yeah.  It sounds like it would get pretty hellish actually.  But having the ability to go back and forth could be useful and fun
I think I fell in love.
There are save games and stuff if you'd like to play it back on an emulator without having to replay the whole game.  I imagine there might even be an inventory editor like there is for LTTP.
I don't get the wah wah and repetition.  Is that some sort of reference to a comedian's style, maybe?
Didn't you hear about the World Trade Center?  In 1993 someone set off a truck bomb.  Steve Buscemi was in the bomb squad. Didn't he also have some big career he's well known for?
I think we imagine they have a simpler life, but I don't imagine it is simpler from their point of view.  

If I could live a housecat's life with my human brain and previous life experiences, sign me up.  
I didn't even know about this.  I've always been told her death was related to her wearing some radium around her neck.
Aren't they more likely to drive, too?
Absolutely.
I tried playing it with the stick of the Nintendo Pro Controller. I don't know if it's me, the controller, or how the game is calibrated on the Switch, but I couldn't handle it. It felt like I couldn't consistently aim my dashes. I died so much, I went to using the d pad on an Xbox one controller. Each direction has such a definitive click that you know where you're going to fling yourself.

I'll still walk right into imminent death like a fucking idiot, but at least I know it's my fault.

If I didn't have this, I'd use my keyboard.
Actually, it's just Oliver that's a telepath.  In the beginning when she is talking to David about how to control hearing all of the voices at Summerland, she's just thinking.  

Also, when they captured Clark, Melanie begged David to read Clark's mind.
I think it's basically trying to represent every possible combination of partners in a diagram, hence the lines with the hearts linking them.
Neat.  I remember making this as a light combinatorics programming lesson.  Ours had like five recipes though.  But it also had stats and could optimize combinations of meals for different things (calories, carbs, number of "dishes", etc.)

I miss that stuff.

This is really nice.
I didn't notice that those look like burnt laid out clothes.  
I really can't see the husky comment as being anything more than a clever way of him saying that there was a lot of amnesia on soap operas.

I actually like the idea that not everyone who is important is a mutant. 

It's like people who thought Melanie was a secret mutant because in the mental-mental hospital she seemed to have a real connection with the plants.
I love the localization done for Mother 3.  It was truly a work of art.
That's child's play.  I moved my TV into the kitchen.  Instead of a toilet, I've rigged up the ice maker to my plumbing.
Their arms will be hooked because he'll be holding a coffee while waving to the room.
And have her pull that face he always makes where it's like he lets his cheeks go slack while puckering his lips in a little circle. 

Maybe that's a face you can only properly make with some big jowels.
I'd pay for two streams. One on my computer and one on my phone so I don't miss anything during bathroom breaks.
At this point, it feels like he sees the destruction of things as an end in itself. He doesn't get noticed for creating things on the world stage, so he's doing everything to create suspense and threats of destruction to make himself relevant. He's trying to flex his power in any way he can.
If I had to, I'd probably lose it at some point and yell, "Stop! Just stop and talk like a normal person!"
I personally love twin stick shooters for this kind of thing.

One game I can really recommend is Sublevel Zero Redux. I think they call this type of game a six degree of freedom flight game. You have a floating ship that you can move forward, back, up, down, tilt in any direction and roll.  It takes some getting used to, but when you do, you'll feel really badass and flying feels so fun and free.

Of course, it's a game, so there are enemies and weapons and ship upgrades.  The best I can say is to check out some videos and its stream page.
Maybe he could get a nice Crohn's and glaucoma combo. Then we can see if he sticks to his guns.
It's a keyboard. The only things that I put into it that can be monetized are things I don't want the keyboard sending to your company in the first place. Just put a damn price on it and don't send any data.
There are two ways of looking at strength.  

1. How hard is it to guess the "key" that unlocks what you've encrypted?

2. How hard is it to check whether a key works?

For instance, look up something called a One Time Pad.  Basically, you have some giant random way of changing your message.  Because it's completely random, there's no way to guess your original message because you could come up with any pad that could make any conceivable message.

The opposite is to take shorter keys and use them in some way to modify your hidden message.  In this method, everyone knows the rules for how a key changes a message.  So now it becomes important to make it so there can be a very large number of keys and, just as importantly, make it hard for your computer to check a key.  It gets a lot easier when I can check 100,000,000 keys a second versus only 10 keys a second.

It sounds like you've created a version of a One Time Pad.
Oh, agreed. I don't know anything redeeming about him.
I said appreciate, not financially support and enable further evil to be done.  

Imagine a doctor discovers a cure for cancer but accomplishes it through some unfathomable cruelty.  Should we throw away that work even though it will not change the past?
There's nothing wrong with separating what a person makes from the other things a person does.  A lot of musicians have been abusive.  Basically no one is worth idolizing.  But we can appreciate what is worth appreciating.   
They're basically playing the lottery with everyone else's money and lying about the odds.
I'll occasionally use a VPN and spoof my GPS to random countries. If someone's collecting my data, might as well give them something to ponder over.
We could just not announce the purge and just start offing CEOs that do terrible things.

Or we could rely on the legal system that they can personally game with billions of dollars.  Hell, the legal system has already been corrupted heavily by lobbyists throwing money around to make terrible things legal in the first place.

Edit: This is all purely hypothetical discussion and letting off steam, not psychotic leakage of someone who actually fantasizes about these things.
This brings me back to the old days of real cheat codes.
This is perfect. It gives me a way to grind specific sections and access c sections I don't have access to yet.
Will this mess with my other saves and mark them as having cheated too?
I think it's safe to say that Russia isn't being held as a shining example for how to things ethically.
I think it's just to prevent players from cheesing the quit option in order to avoid a death.  The same goes for restarting a chapter.

Basically, death = reset.

I think you're digging to deep and interpreting a game mechanic as part of the story.

This reminds me of the revitalizing chambers in Bioshock games.  People tried to come up with all sorts of ways this would fit into the story, but the developers basically came out and said they're not really a part of the story and they're just there to facilitate a good gameplay experience.
You can completely sidestep this issue if you get and use the Mayflash Dolphinbar.  Instead of connecting the Wiimote+ to Windows through a bluetooth dongle, you just sync it to the Dolphinbar.  

There are two upsides to using this.  

1. You won't have any finnicky connection problems since the Dolphinbar handles all of the bluetooth stuff and just passes it onto Windows as just a regular non-BT device.  

2. The other, bigger benefit is that the Dolphinbar has infrared LEDs that let Dolphin know where you are aiming your Wiimote.  This isn't important if you aren't planning on using Dolphin to play any games where you aim the Wiimote.  A couple of instances would be picking up and shooting star bits in Mario Galaxy, performing surgery in Trauma Center, or shooting zombies in House of the Dead.
You're right.  I looked into it and it's not being handled the way I thought it was.

Google has set it so that its autocomplete won't ever suggest "kodi." However, once you type it in, it will suggest everything else as usual: "kodi download," "kodi addons," "kodi 17.6," etc.

From what people were saying, I was expecting it to be more severe.  For instance, if you type in a pornographic term, autocomplete completely stops working and won't suggest anything.
Satire has been popular for my entire life.  What I found unique with the Daily Show is how much of the program is dedicated to providing actual in-depth news.  This gave the necessary context that many of their jokes needed to work.  

They also did a lot of their own investigatory work.  For instance, when people tried to tell a lie or be hypocritical, The Daily Show would often put together a string of historical clips of these people directly contradicting themselves. I'd love to see their video archives and organizational system.  If someone could create a visual web showing all of the links between all of videos, I think it would be amazing to look at and sift through.
This is hilarious. I got my first tattoo to celebrate beating lymphoma. Now I know I'm bombarding them with this ink.

Take that, you little pieces of shit.
I guess she forgot to strangle her morning puppy and was in such a bad mood she couldn't control herself.
There are a bunch and they seem to have the lifespan of mayflies. 

r/Addons4Kodi/

Good luck.
The bigger issue is now that typing in "kodi" kills autocomplete for the whole search.  There are a lot of times I'd use autocomplete to fill in terms I couldn't think of.  
Censorship is simply the suppression of information.  When you're saying it has to involve the government, I think you're thinking about when people claim "freedom of speech" with private entities.  
> I used to find it so odd that we would have to turn to comedians for actual news, but now it's kind of become a fact of life.

I used to find Jon Stewart's Daily Show to be on par with NPR's hourly news summary.  
Is there a new outlet you'd recommend in place of WSJ?
That would still be a man and woman. If you make one of them cis, then you could have two people of the same gender.

But even then, most people who transition take hormones that basically destroy their ability to reproduce. So they're being silly and getting outraged to show how "enlightened" they are.
It's because of the met Rick system.
And not surprisingly, Trump was lying about how that deal went down.

https://www.vanityfair.com/news/2016/06/donald-trump-muammar-qaddafi
The note will be in girly, bubbly letters.
I go back and forth between Honeycrisp and Pink Lady.  They're both great, but I actually prefer Pink Lady.  I feel they're a bit more tart and crispy.
To me, this is the absolute worst part of it. When I bring it up, most people don't know what I'm talking about. It's almost like the insides have been reduced to bad applesauce.

I don't like my apples to be any softer than honey crisp.  I wonder if golden delicious is worth trying.
If it were my kid, I'd lie to her and say everything was fine. In third grade, there's a chance she'd believe it. Hell, I'd move across the country just to spare her that.
I thought Bateman was same. I thought he just imagined it all and it represented the insanity of modern life.

I actually never watched the movie, but that's how some people described it to me.
That's why I like to take LSD every so often. You can definitely feel its effects wear off over time as your mind slips back into its old way of perceiving things. 

I also feel that the more refreshers you have, the less frequently you need them. At a certain point, it feels as though permanent changes are being made. It's kind of the opposite of other drugs and how people gain tolerances and effects wear off more quickly.
That was a really fun movie. I'd love to hear a breakdown of their mental conditions from a real psychologist (as best as possible since they can't actually interact with them).
You got to see the meth guy's dick when he needle casted in early in the show.
/r/madlads 
The music itself may not have aged well, but I have a lot of memories from the time that make some of these songs bring out strong feelings of nostalgia.  Come Original was one, for sure.
I agree.  If it happened, there's no way outlets like Fox News and every conservative fringe rag would sell it as some sort of conspiracy against Trump
I was writing another reply, but something hit me. Regardless of the specifics, I'm sure this whole thing is going to create a huge chilling effect on transgender people signing up for the military. 

It's clear they're doing everything they legally can to remove transgender people. This life is my only life, why potentially sacrifice it for people who don't want me?  I wouldn't even feel safe fighting this message legitimizes every bigot's hatred of transgender people.
I'm just going by the way it was written.  There doesn't seem to be anything stopping people from being transgender, presenting as their gender, and staying in the military.
Once the military arrests a president, they don't take over running the executive branch, right?  It should just fall to the VP.  I wouldn't consider that a coup.
This is why I'm so happy for Pennsylvania recently.  For one, we beat a conservative in a special election in a gerrymandered district.  Also, we're getting a new district map that is to fix gerrymandering.  It's driven the republicans in the state crazy because it's a fair map and not a Democrat-favoring gerrymandered one that they can froth at the mouth about.
In olden days we called it pandering to your base.
Not necessarily.  They could go without hormones and still be allowed to dress as their preferred gender.  They could have allowed that.

I guess you don't believe everything you see on TV.

Trump is a huge pushover.  He pretty much follows anyone's suggestion.  I don't know if that's because he's losing his mind or what, but the guy seems to genuinely hate conflict. 
That's the lamest thing I've heard.  You feel bad that other people managed to get what you paid for at no cost.  

I care about having shit that can break my game installed in it.  

Safedisc and Securerom work for shit on modern Windows installations.  I can't wait to see how fucked Denuvo games get after their owners close shop.
Army of the 12 monkeys.
Christ, these comments.  

I come to this subreddit to see people making an ass of themselves on Tumblr, not Reddit. Can we just drop the same argument every fucking trans thread has?
I think something like that is implied since it's a "puzzle box" and not just a "box."  It'll need to be tapped, slid, poked or turned upside down.  

You got downvoted because you're nitpicking.
I don't really understand why Catholics would only make saints out of Catholics.  They're both flavors of Jesus.  I guess they don't want to poach the other team's guys for their softball league in the sky.
I don't get the ice bit. Doesn't that just rely on the temperature of the water in the glass?
I know people that have cut their mobile phone plan to just use their work phones permanently.
Mine allows it and hasn't encrypted the hard drive. They just ask employees to only save files to the network storage. They don't enforce it though.
He is an egotistical narcissist. I don't like to make assumptions that depend on him caring for others.
Here's a pleasant thought: a lot of people would be more upset with him having consensual sex with a black woman than having a couple of hookers pissing on Obama's bed and being compromised by it.
Guys, we're talking about the President. Have a little respect. We can at least spring for a sybian to mount this dildo on.
He likes that. Make it Hillary Clinton's.  Only tell him halfway through.
Judging by his actions, he's already getting there himself. I feel like his physical must not have touched on his mental state at all.
Yeah. In Catholicism, a saint needs to do a miracle after being dead.  It's kind of silly though because they just go hunting all over the world to find a miracle and slap their guy's name in it. The attribution process isn't rigorous, to say the least.
He was the perfect example of a good person. Even today, all of his lessons apply.
He doesn't want to risk being asked questions he doesn't have nice quotes for. And they might even ask follow up questions to his vague answers. Can't have that.
I guess you need to watch the video. That's how all of these dove tail puzzles are cut (assuming the dove tails are real). Then there's a little bit that locks it into place so it doesn't slide apart and give it away instantly.
He had the best motto for work. Don't sweat when you can get your dick wet.
That is amazingly beautiful.
On the off chance you aren't making a joke, science doesn't deal in moral judgments.
That's exactly what happened to me.  At least she wasn't thrown off of hell in a cell, by god.
I was pretty sure that's what I was reading.  In fact, I thought the video was of a little kid getting choke slammed by a police officer.
I could go for it if they sell it for $5.  That will never happen though.
Yeah, they don't have predator eyes. We really take having depth perception for granted.
Seems like a heck of a thing to try to get a bunny to wear.
Everyone is talking about the price and quality, but one other thing to know is that you can't play some games with these controllers.  For the USB fake GameCube controllers, the shoulder buttons don't work the same way.  On GameCube, shoulder buttons are analog with an extra click at the end.  This made it so they could do multiple things.  For instance, in Mario Sunshine, if you lightly hold R, you'll shoot water and be able to run around. Once you press it the full way, you stop and can look around aiming the stream. The USB controller can't do this since it's a single button.

Source: I ended up buying a fake GameCube controller followed by a real one and an adapter.
All replays are the same.
Minami really has a strong early game.
Looks like you could learn a bit about smoothing plastic.
My first reaction was "Wow, Minecraft is looking really good these days."
I can kind of tell that by looking at the follies.  I'm kind of surprised these people didn't finish off the construction by going all Cask of Amontillado on their bosses.

You know, just move them into their new summer house.
If that's their idea of "worth it" in a famine, they've got too much shit.
This just seems vindictive.  I guess they couldn't start the horrible precedent of just giving the needy food.
Of course the argument that shows the most support is one about money.  Not money, health, human rights, or anything else.  
Here's a good video that describes some of the things talked about here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LutIudRhm10
If you usually have poor vision, you can try something related to trick a piece of paper.  Take your glasses off or contacts out so your vision is nice and blurry.  Take a piece of paper and poke a tiny hole in it.  Then, look through the hole.  The world should look nice and in focus.    This is happening for the same reason.  The light is focused since it has to pass through such tiny hole and each point of light can only come from one possible place.
It is opposite the tiny hole.  So the light is bouncing off of every object that you can see on the wall.  It's just coming from one direction instead of bouncing in from many.
I imagine the driver checking his mirrors after the bump and after seeing nothing, assumes it must have been the wind or something. 

Basically, this person has the intelligence of a videogame enemy looking for a player who is hiding.
That's why it blows my mind to see someone on a bike go between multiple pairs of cars at once. Especially when some are staggered and can easily change lanes, instantly blocking or hitting the motorcyclist.
The problem with this is that you have to convince criminals to use a lesser encryption algorithm that can be broken. Who is going to adopt this?
The same person who directed the Theatrical Cut.
Basically.
I play offline
Auto correct. "Inside" should be "picture."
What if we hit clouds with lots of lasers?
I just ~~inside~~ picture them crapping everywhere like rabbits. They're just so small we never notice.
Oh yeah. Pushing a viral video on personal tragedy, being glib about it being sad, and reducing him to one movie. All they need now are emojis lowered throughout.
On Reddit, this phrase about being the product used to be near the top of every thread on this topic.  But in real life, a lot of people I know never gave it much thought, being used to websites and other media being funded mostly by advertising or sponsored content.

Big Data has changed some very fundamental things.
I just sent in my gf's Jolly Rancher.
Fear not the dark my friend, and let the feast begin.
Sparklers can be extremely safe, but there's always someone who ends up doing something stupid like licking one that's going off.  Enjoy burning a hole into your tongue.
Absolutely. It's also when I'm most likely to get a paper cut. If my hands are too dry, especially in the winter, I'll put lotion on after every wash. If that's not enough, I use Dove as it doesn't seem to strip my hands as much.
I can imagine great ones being babies for long periods.
It's amazing, and it's all the more impressive being rolled with nails that long.  Very well done.
They should say nothing or the truth. I guarantee Trump isn't showing great discipline if he is going to fire him.
And Trump tweeted about watching Fox this morning around 8. He can't get enough garbage entertainment news.
Yeah, I could use a back up on that.  Had lymphoma. Lymph nodes went down and needed rebooting.
How about an organ that destroys cancer cells?
Sure. We pretty much have two of everything anyway.  Following this idea, I'd go with gills.
I liked your explanation best.
And all people are tall compared to ants.
She's on par with the short person behind her shoulder. In fact, that could be her brother, or sister.
Fuck it. The Switch is the last Nintendo console I've had since GameCube. I'll take a deluxe edition.
Son of a bitch...
I really doubt there is a situation where a loved one could be blown up and you'd think "yeah, I totally agree."
It's actually something that has happened in America and has been ruled constitutional.

"The United States Supreme Court in Kennedy v. Louisiana struck down capital punishment for crimes that do not result in the death of a victim, but left open the possibility for "offenses against the State" – including crimes such as "drug kingpin activity" (and treason and espionage)." From https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Capital_punishment_for_drug_trafficking

All someone has to do is kill themselves with the drugs someone else sells.
I'd throw belts in there too. Not full on splurging, but not buying beef jerky that will disintegrate in a year.
That's the reason my comment is worded so painfully stupidly. This was my first consideration and I wanted to word it to include anything, even someone trying to manually fire the gun at a certain speed. I know how assinine that sounds.
Oh, absolutely. I'm just curious about what opposition media is like in Russia. I've known that real critics get killed. For it to steadily exist, I figure each media outlet must either be very underground or it doesn't touch serious issues. I'm just curious to hear about it first hand.
This is why simply need to just create a law which caps the firing rate of any gun no matter what ridiculous thing is causing it to fire rapidly.
How wide spread is opposition media? Is it openly displayed in public or discussed?
That's why I don't play de_book_repo any more.
It's really derivative work, in my opinion.
It's a game. If there is any way to play that is optimal, that is what people will do. That is what every game designer learns and why games spend so long getting balanced.
They say that right now much of our digital data will be lost because our tapes and drives won't last that long.
No, he's apparently still the best friend of all blacks.
I want to watch this, like and sub, but it says you restricted this on certain devices.
Looks a little rusty. There are some fins that just pop and give way.
Do you have any specific opinions based on specific things McCabe himself has done?  I get not liking or trusting an organization, but I also believe that people can try to do things right inside these organizations.  Sometimes that's one of the most effective ways to resist.

Isn't that what started the resist movement?  Caring about having the right people in positions of power?
What these people did is appalling and it irks me how article is written.  I get that they are trying to convey that this was done out of ignorance, but it just feels like it glosses over the seriousness of what happened.

It's like saying somebody "playfully inserted a drill into his coworker's ear as a silly prank."
He has tactics but no strategy.  The strategies he follows are spoon-fed to him by others.
Is Always Sunny done?
I completely agree. There is absolutely nothing wrong with people from the south.  The only thing lacking in much of the south are real academic and professional options for much of its population.  A lot of its states fall in the bottom 20% in many categories.  There are historical reasons for this, but even within these states socioeconomic status varies.

I want to see everybody be able to reach the very peak of their potential and for there to be no judgment for wherever anybody is from.  

I know this is kind of a disorganized post, but it bothers me when people face prejudice.
It's sad to be kept away from something you love.  People will tell others to never compromise because it eventually worked out for them.  When whatever "it" is starts to endanger your life, it's time to change.  He might not even need to change that much of his dream.  For instance, he might be able to find some technical work for some private military companies, supporting the type of thing he loves.  
I can believe it.  I am more familiar with Southern American (not South American) accents, so I assumed it to be that at first.  It sounded a little off in some sounds though.  However, Southern American and Australian accents both are closely related to British accents from around the same period.  If there were no similarities in any regions, I'd be surprised.
But surely you can't use it to impersonate a police officer. 

You could, however, yell "get the fuck out of the way."
You deserve an upvote.
Honestly, I wasn't too impressed until it started passing the knife between claws.  Now I feel like I'd vote for this crab.
Yes, I can vouch for this. It's pretty amazing.
They sold car with a logo on it. I would argue that's akin to selling any other car with a car company's logo on or when any other novelty car is given away with a giant logo on it. Unless he agreed to remove it, I don't see why he should have to. Otherwise, the act of selling it seems like you are giving permission to own it as is.
I don't see how something that simple could be trademarked. Then again, we have illegal numbers.
He's adding a little more information that outside wouldn't look horrendous.
Many are weak and stupid and voted for Trump because he believed it would get them more money and they are struggling.  So many people are excited about the tax bill and tariffs.  The only thing is that while you might get a few hundred dollars in your pocket, you're also defunding so much that people rely on.  And since that money has to come from somewhere, expenses will get passed on and prices will rise.

I might be a millionaire, but it doesn't matter if a gallon of gas costs $10,000.


It's fun to try to imagine the associations in the machine learning algorithm that lead to recommending conspiracy videos.

My top contender is:  Barney -> Loch Ness Monster Conspiracies -> Jet fuel doesn't melt steel beams. 
I wouldn't say 100% is on the parents just because of that warning. I'm sure many parents tested the app and found it to work just fine. It's like the warning you get when you start using Google Maps for navigation.  That practically warns you against using it for its intended purpose.  

Everything carries some danger.  It's a harsh lesson that early adopters can get burned by and I'm sure this is a valuable lesson learned all around. Google's algorithm will get a metaphorical slap on the wrist to correct this behavior and it could help future machine learning algorithms that handle more serious applications than what show to put on.
I really like the mod Prepare to Die Again.  It adds just enough more to the game to make it a fresh, challenging experience without doing anything cheap. They make some changes to the enemies and placement in Undeadburg that make it feel like the first time. The changes are subtle.
I care because there is hope of changing their minds. However, the only way this will happen is if the message comes from a source they trust, just like deprogramming a cult member. For that to happen, Trump needs to lose his power and influence and become too toxic to support. Thankfully there are already some Republican candidates and even elected politicians who are already doing this. Right now this is only happening in purple districts and states, but it's still a good sign.

If we could undo gerrymandering today, Trump would lose most of his supporting politicians who are in midterm elections.
For now. After this is over and history has spoken, I think the Republican machine will distance itself from Trump and condemn him too. Then many people will follow suit and act like they never liked him, almost as if they have amnesia. It happened with a lot of my Republican friends and Bush.
Trump is his Useful Idiot.
You can look at some replacement D pad kits online or schematics on 3D printing sites to get some inspiration if you'd like. On the other hand, making them separate can really increase precision. It's the same route the Nintendo Switch went on its joycons.
While having overall totals are nice, they would also be skewed by the size of the overall population. In many ways it's better to know the overall increase in risk that faces everyone. I think a better comparison would be comparing this increase of risk to other events that increase this risk. It would be useful to know if having a Trump rally in your city is as dangerous as other things like a power outage, an earthquake, or a riot.
The 3DS really taught them some valuable lessons for running an eShop. Being able to restrict access to vulnerable versions of the OS seems to be one of them. It really creates no appreciable problems for well intentioned users. No one should run into issues because if you can access the store you can also get updates to unlock your downloads.

I'm sure there will be ways to spoof versions or convenient ways to side load downloads eventually. We're in early days and Nintendo has had time to make many fail-safes.
You can Google "block nintendo dns" and find tutorials for DNS servers that block communication with Nintendo for every recent internet capable system.
That is beautiful.  I loved the end.  There's a perfect stop on the mandelbrot and if you've been staring at the center of the animation, you get treated to a nice optical illusion of it stretching away from you.
One thing in Reddit's favor is that our comments would come pre-weighted. The bad or controversial comments would have a way to be filtered out. Then you could go further and select only some subs to follow. Choose what it digests. And most importantly, don't fucking tell anybody. I think people can't help but fuck with Chinese Room style programs.
They love the idea of small government. So they cut taxes to starve everything until things need to literally shut down. Fiscal responsibility is just a line to prevent the "wrong" kind of debt from being made. You know, the debt that saves lives and holds society together.
We apparently were hurting the small banks, so the obvious thing to do was to completely undo there regulations that nearly destroyed the banks in the first place. We deserve the next crash.
I wonder how states are competing with each other for Amazon's HQ. One of the big things states used to do was create special tax incentives. Amazon doesn't even pay taxes though. They only generate taxes by their employees paying income tax. Is a state just going to have to offer to build their HQ for Amazon or something equally ridiculous?
Or Ivanka.
That's one thing I didn't really like about Dark Souls 1.  I feel like the difficulty to leveling rate is extremely steep at the start of the game. I find myself grinding about 10-20 levels in Undeadburg before I can move on. After that it's not so bad. The next wall is O&S, but no leveling lets you just tank through that.
Check out FaraazKhan. He does no hit runs of the Dark Souls games. He recently put up a full commentary on his YouTube channel that he created with another no hit runner, Squillakilla. That video and many more are also available on Twitch on their respective channels there.
This isn't the first time a chat bot from Microsoft was subverted. There was one that people trained to be extremely racist and offensive. I believe it was Tay.

It's really common because they basically learn their responses by copying popular human responses right now.
Given the way of the world right now, I would barely be surprised if he didn't step down. That's even though in Japan's culture, taking responsibility is taken very seriously.
With this land deal,  is there also much corruption in building construction? Like skirting building codes, for instance. I know that was a huge issue in China that was got lots of attention when a relatively minor earthquake completely leveled many poorly constructed buildings.
That would go perfect with my 200,000 little adhesive clips made for cable management.
Yeah.  I wish I had one. I've run into two cheap Chinese 92mm storage container dimple locks that have such loose pins and shallow bitting that I was able to gently rake them open with a regular flag pick. 

From my experience with those locks, I'd actually probably want this rake to be even flatter to avoid over setting some pins.  However, that's just from a tiny sample size. What's perfect for one lock may never work in another.
I lucked out with dancer. In my first try, I stumbled on what seemed like a blind spot at an angle behind her. I wondered what all the fuss was about. Then I hit her again in NG+ like she was a brick wall.
Language changes as it's used, how it's used. Look at Shakespeare. The man used context to create new words by demonstrating their use to large audiences. Enough people view Trump as a fuck up that I'm sure you could use the word this way and nobody would be confused by what you mean. It would just click because the man is practically the embodiment of incompetent failure.
It reminds me of a scene from Jessica Jones where a man who can make anyone do anything just by saying so plays in a mob poker game. First he tells everyone to go all in. Then he tells everyone to fold.
I wonder if this will change the meaning of the phrase "trumped up" over time.
I think you're right about the man in black. When Dolores just resets after they fell in love, it just destroyed him. I think he seeks her out and tortures her because he couldn't stand losing her. I think he does it to force himself to see her as an object and to try to kill the feelings he still has for her. It makes me wonder how many times he came back and did the opposite, winning her over to be with her until she'd inevitably reset again.
Yeah. I think the last point is hugely important. He didn't want his illegal activities exposed, so his plan was to kill Maeve when she was vulnerable.  She would be lobotomised and her mental records would go away.
Given the qualifications for some of Trump's appointees, I could see that happening to some of them.
Maybe enough prisoners will know about his promise and make him follow through.
True. Only with Trump, no digging is required at all.
Thank you. Now I know what they really look like. I still never actually saw one in a game before. It's amazing how many little things they packed into this game.
I have never seen this before. Just so I'm clear, is this purely an online feature that has no way of occurring in an offline game?  Or could I make an evil vagrant in my own game if I lost humanity and died again before recovering it?
Yeah, but bragging about it?  That's kind of a weird way to look at diaper changing.
What is #19? I don't ever recall seeing an egg crab creature.  The fact that its center is transparent is really weird. Is this a monster that is usually half underground or something?
I noticed that the with the first one you encounter under Andre. For some reason I thought I remembered the ones in Sen's Fortress having both legs and even a head. I guess I wasn't playing too close of attention because of how badly they kicked my ass.
Chell can fall any distance with those boots. She could literally goomba stomp anyone (provided she has time to apply moon dust or whatever to where she's going to fight).
"... Time, Mr. Freeman. Is it really that time again?"
Tourism isn't a great alternate source of income. As a country, I wish them well. I just feel like they should have invested in some sort of production.
Your watercolors are getting much better
I keep forgetting about that.  Thank you.
After watching Altered Carbon, he reminds me of someone who has changed sleeves too many times.
I can use analog sticks for 2D games, but when it works they don't equally split the directions equally between all 8 directions.  They seem to give preference to the cardinal directions and make it so that diagonals are given smaller areas.  I think half of my deaths in Celeste were because of accidentally flying off to the left or right unintentionally. 

So I got the Magic NS and use the XBox 360 as input.
In sunshine, the analog R trigger controlled how FLUDD sprayed.  If you lightly held it down, FLUDD would spray straight forward while you could run around.  If you held it down far enough that it clicked, your character would stop moving and your control stick would then aim FLUDD's stream.  

There are other ways to accomplish this by bringing in another button.  I just found GCN's solution to be very elegant. 
The 1800 deaths reminded me of Dark Souls.  The only difference is that I was all of the enemies getting cheap kills on myself.
I haven't seen any asset dumps of Switch games yet. 
The post-ending content kind of contradicts this.  She leaves the mountain for a year.  I've never heard any idea of purgatory where someone can leave purgatory and then reenter it.
Once you've heard one ceremony, you've heard them all.  The only thing worthwhile is when the bride and groom do custom vows.
I feel like they removed so many imperfections that she's almost a blow-up doll.
It always surprises me just how quickly the comments of reddit posts show up in Google search results.
More weight
It's ratchet as fuck. What did you think it was going to do? Next it's going to be in all his friends' hands.
Now the scratched off dad sticker is taped to a vibrator.
Was that a pack of rabid wolves eating at the end?
I'd better just go to the ER now.
We have lots of rich people here, so it all balances out.
So you won't mind if I go first and take about five.
I've had remotes doing that for a while since they used RF instead of IR.  That said, I actually think it's great they're using Wifi since it's just a way of doing standard RF, really.

It makes more sense as remotes get smarter.
I love living in a time where I can hear the words "traditional supercomputer."
“You said 'God is cruel' the way a person who's lived his whole life on Tahiti might say 'Snow is cold'. You knew, but you didn't understand." He stepped close to David and put his palms on the boy's cold cheeks. "Do you know how cruel your God can be, David. How fantastically cruel? ... Sometimes he makes us live.” 
I ignored the argument because nothing that I wanted to refute.  He argued that Trump affected these talks and I agree.  I believe that Kim Jong-un is ultimately still sane enough not to take action that would cause his country to be instantly wiped off the face of the Earth.  To use a metaphor, if Kim threatened to jump off of a building, Trump grabbed a megaphone and yelled, "Jump, you won't do it!" in front of the entire world.  It changed things, but I don't think this has actually improved things.  I believe Kim Jong-un's goals were always to enter talks with another country.  It's his country's way of getting resources from other countries for a long time now.  I feel that Trump unilaterally did something dangerous in a way that makes him look as unhinged as Kim.

edit: here's the "context" you wanted /u/CavityCrabs 

There's a nice big "sources" section I think you missed.

> incompatant

> compatantcy

How do you type these words ~~incorrectly~~ incorractly?
It will need to be something with long lasting consequences, unfortunately.
Were sending our demented rapist thief in chief.
At least that was intentional.
We used to have something like this. I believe holding the menu button would bring up the keyboard whenever. So in a way it would make this button always accessible.
It depends on the patterns, really.
Unfortunately reality has a very liberal leaning.
I just tried squeezing my phone and I think they removed the feature. I can't find it in settings either.
His head is leaning to the side and his ears remind me of bat wings.
I know.  We both do.
It's really not uncommon for people to publicly speak out against things they love.  
To play devil's advocate, that keeps it under the radar and operating.
It is a complete assumption.  But, without the ability to know the future, can't we assume that it's best to not support spreading these views whenever possible?
That's really interesting.  Can you post your data?   (I'm totally not Haliburton)
[Here it is, fixed.](https://i.imgur.com/bGVEn8C.png)
The title made me [think of this.](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/M/MV5BYzY0ZjI0NTUtNDE4Yi00OGU2LWExZDMtNTY1MTM3ZWE3MzEyXkEyXkFqcGdeQXVyMTQxNzMzNDI@._V1_.jpg)


There's even a monarch butterfly in the corner.
If you're looking at this game, I love this quick peek by Swiss Cheese Gaming: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5iy4xvhRYtk

It doesn't spoil the game, but it does give an in depth view to mechanics and what to expect.  
It's more like saying "left third of the liver cancer" to me.
But his comment actually clarified the reason why the OctoPlusle's comment wasn't a valid criticism.
I'm pretty sure there were ways to do it on your computer and transfer it via QR code or something.

There were hax with the app, and I'm sure ROP stuff isn't going to be hand-entered by people just wanting hax.
It's just a joke, but it still makes me cringe because it makes me think of all of his documented horrible behavior with women.
He resigns because of his bone spurs?
So we treat politics like one of those money blowing machines?  Grab as much as you can and get out when the time is up?
Then you let him get dispatched by a "third party" in order to be rid of the problems with actually keeping him.
Can we give him big doses of LSD left and right for weeks on end?

Like spike EVERYTHING with LSD.
The problem is we barely can. When interpreted by people who weren't her handler, Koko really was speaking gibberish that had nothing to do with the situation. They practically interpreted her signing like cold reading in a seance. I think she has been the most "successfully taught" ape as well.
There was a game that displayed continues as "CONT." That was a fun conversation.
Is 8-1 the only level this makes a difference on?
I use Start10, but that's it.  While it's a good deal, I don't see it as worth it.
Nothing like wearing probable cause.
I wouldn't believe it if I didn't see it move.
But he's a golden god.

Other countries go with the idea of having police be very easy to notice.  This deters the bad behavior in the first place.  
That'll work.
This reminds me of the hoverboard from Kid Chameleon.  Now it just needs the ability to flip and ride the ceiling.
TrumpCo doesn't actually make buildings.  They just license their name.
True.  It has a fraction of the roses.

To be fair to The Daily Show, they had recently switched hosts and there's always an adjustment period.  Jon Stewart was weak in the beginning, too.
> the very nature if his job presents so many opportunities to fuck up 

And if it's been too long, he'll make a new opportunity. He'll just threaten to fuck up the world if he gets bored.
Every time he feels threatened, he has to personally attack the person.  He uses about the same five attacks too.  Sad, irrelevant, failing, etc.
I said I supported gun control.  Since this wasn't supporting pure anarchy, I was banned.
Watch Trump use Russia's election tampering to justify it.

I don't think there's a chance in hell it will happen, but I can definitely see Trump suggesting it.
You misspelled "balloon," but it still technically works since a "ballon" is a ballet thing.
For so long, our "peace keeping" has been so selective and self-serving that it's laughable.
I hope, but I feel like more republicans will turn out for a regular election.  Also, there's a chance the rage will somehow subside.
It looks like he's trying to fly across all the lanes to another exit.  
Check these out:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N5h93LYxfBk

or this:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m7XuG_3cmMg

They cover some different things you can change.
Before I did this, I'd shit in a urinal, sink, or just on the floor.
No... they thought they were inventing calculus.  I can almost feel the pride when the writer used the word "abscissas."
First people talked about the difference in gender.  Then you brought up the difference in races.  Then someone brought up the difference between genders and races.  

All comparisons are interesting. 
Do I need to start learning the lyre to be ready for when things begin burning?
Thanks to the electoral college, my vote is worth just a fraction of other's.
American politics. A strange game. The only winning move is not to play.
Having cancer, that made me laugh hysterically.
I heard pouring a can of Dr. Pepper up there will work.
In the air Force, they force this stuff on people. Apparently they call them Go Pills and No-Go Pills. Ones an amphetamine or modafinil and the other is a benzo. The med is chosen based on what's needed.
I loved the Nexus 5 and the 6P.  
Roughly, what's your impression of the usage rate for things like Adderall, Provigil, or street drugs like meth?
Oh, you can find it online.  My stage name is Holly Michaels.  Enjoy
You'd need a lot of luck for situations like that to work out.

We should get stats from the Las Vegas shooter to see how many he took down with a single bullet.  For educational purposes.
Watch me deepthroat a shower head.
What if we opted for bullets and laid down in a configuration where we could get 2-for-1?

https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ZnaJJjV7US0/hqdefault.jpg
They teach CS:GO in my post-postmodernist class.
Was it covered in any political bumper stickers?
It might be, but it does display how it could physically exist with gears.
That's definitely doable.  Here's an example:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CjFR4p1Mwpg

It's like a Fourier Transformation.
Seriously.  They watered down his character's backstory because even having a dark-skinned character was kind of revolutionary for the times.  It wasn't until 6 years later that Luke Cage came out.
A much better black superhero right now is Luke Cage.
If I'm not mistaken, it's really just for the feel and grip at this point.
I have to ask. Are c side tapes found in A or B areas? I don't want to spoil things for myself, but I need to know.
When you lose your ability to function, you also lose some of your ability to notice it's happening. Also, it's not like all areas have services that will affordably and easily take elderly people to the doctor, grocery store, etc.  And who the fuck wants to go live in a nursing home?  I'll blow my brains out first.
That's what this thing is for.  Digital files are being played on the computer, but signal to play/scratch comes from this new device.  It's not actually reading the vinyl.
I'm getting so ripped off.

Do you get 100 up and down?
I'm a little hard.
With it being my first time, it wasn't so bad.  The only one that really hung me up was the Yiga Clan one.  I had no idea what to do there.
I wouldn't even mind if I had to sit and watch a black screen for the whole time.

I've literally decided to not play the game because of the intro.  I wish there was a really fast way to jump right into a normal game.  Kind of like how Enter the Gungeon works.  In that, you can press X right at startup and jump right into a game.
But I love hearing them say that atheists can't be moral because they don't have religion as a moral compass.
Did you read the whole thing that way, or was it once he said "got-danged?"
So we just take all of the water out of people and the cancer will be killed.
It seems this guy's friends also enjoys canned hunting, just of larger game.
Has he lost his mind?
Can he see or is he blind?
Can he walk at all
Or if he moves will he fall?

Is he alive or dead?
Has he thoughts within his head?
We'll just pass him there
Why should we even care?
I feel like we're watching the end of tobacco as we knew it. Even Philip Morris has a vape.
Thanks I never thought anything of those.
Thanks man.
I use a Switch and love it.  I can whip it out in public and play for a few minutes at a time.  I noticed no slow-down or anything whether docked or undocked.  

Someone else mentioned their fingers slipping off of the joycon pads  I didn't have any of that, but keep in mind that you can use any Bluetooth controller with the game 
I'm sorry to see this.  I hope they get a patch out for this ASAP.


I'm more of a fan of completion by exhausting all possibilities.  I'm on the world 6 side-B and have about 6,000 deaths.

What are the requirements for getting stars?  I have 3 red stars, one blue star, and two without any stars. That means I beat a whole chapter without getting a heart.  Is there some sort of rule like "Blue hearts are in B-sides" or something like that?
I guess they did.  

It makes me wonder just how important the Labo's constructions are if they just use joycons as input.  If they're not really, this seems like it'll be close to how I imagine some Switch Mario Party games being.
That's why I like London.  There's a good chance the Grenfell Tower Fires could end with Manslaughter convictions. 
People will do what Nintendon't. 

People will measure and provide designs for the patterns.  Other people will actually produce and sell the cardboard.

It's like Google Cardboard, only Nintendo didn't understand what making things from cardboard means.  It means anyone can physically make it.
How many huge files do you transfer through either way?
At first I thought this was a cop's dashcam and I was happy to see them caught.

Then it got me thinking.  We have dashcams and phones capable of easily transmitting 1080p video.  I feel like there should be something set up so that if you see something so blatant, you can hit a button and have it immediately reported.  

I also feel like being able to report things like this would cut down on road rage.

Edit: I don't like the idea of citizens reporting each other to the police.  That sets a nasty reputation.  But this is something I'd call 911 about if I saw it.  I only mean that we have the technology to make reporting better.
This Rubik's cube never turns.

Cool, though.
That's amazing.  I'd love to be able to do something like this myself.  I've done graphical coding in Processing, so I'm familiar with that end of it.  Can I ask what it took to set up your own webpage where you could enter graphical code?  Or, do you know of any tutorials that would help me do this?
This is amazing.

[Here is my favorite so far](https://anvaka.github.io/pplay/?tx=0&ty=0&scale=1&fc=vec4%20get_color%28vec2%20p%29%20%7B%0A%20%20float%20t%20%3D%200.%3B%0A%20%20vec2%20z%20%3D%20p%3B%0A%20%20vec2%20c%20%3D%20vec2%280.60891%2C%200.89098%29%3B%0A%20%20float%20frames%20%3D%20600.%3B%0A%20%20float%20a%20%3D%203.14*%202.%20*%20bease%28mod%28iFrame%2C%20frames%29%2Fframes%29%3B%0A%0A%0A%20%20for%28int%20i%20%3D%200%3B%20i%20%3C%2032%3B%20%2B%2Bi%29%20%7B%0A%20%20%20%20if%20%28length%28z%29%20%3E%202.%29%20break%3B%0A%20%20%20%20z%20%3D%20c_mul%28c_exp%28z%29%20*%20sin%28a%29%2C%20z%29%20%2B%20c%3B%0A%20%20%20%20t%20%3D%20float%28i%29%3B%0A%20%20%7D%0A%0A%20%20return%20vec4%28length%28z%29%20*%20t%20*%20vec3%281.%2F64.%2C%201.%2F32.%2C%201.%2F16.%29%2C%201.0%29%3B%0A%7D)

Then I decided to try manually editing the URL.

[I got the mandelbrot.](https://anvaka.github.io/pplay/?tx=0&ty=0&scale=1&fc=vec4%20get_color%28vec2%10p%29%20%7B%0A%20%20float%20t%20%3D%200.%3B%0A%20%20vec2%20z%20%3D%20p%3B%0A%20%20vec2%20c%20%3D%20vec2%280.60891%2C%200.89098%29%3B%0A%20%20float%20frames%20%3D%20600.%3B%0A%20%20float%20a%20%3D%203.14*%202.%20*%20bease%28mod%28iFrame%2C%20frames%29%2Fframes%29%3B%0A%0A%0A%20%20for%28int%20i%20%3D%200%3B%20i%20%3C%2032%3B%20%2B%2Bi%29%20%7B%0A%20%20%20%20if%20%28length%28z%29%20%3E%202.%29%20break%3B%0A%20%20%20%20z%20%3D%20c_mul%28c_exp%28z%29%20*%20sin%28a%29%2C%20z%29%20%2B%20c%3B%0A%20%20%20%20t%20%3D%20float%28i%29%3B%0A%20%20%7D%0A%0A%20%20return%20vec4%28length%28z%29%20*%20t%20*%20vec3%281.%2F64.%2C%201.%2F32.%2C%201.%2F16.%29%2C%201.0%29%3B%0A%7D)

I'll look more into this.  I don't know if everything is just built off of the Mandelbrot fractal in some way or what.

I'm dumb, I changed a %20 to a %10, which is part of the variable's name.  So, I wasn't changing variables in any way other than breaking them.

I looked further into this and decoded it all into something readable.  Here's what the first URL really says.

    https://anvaka.github.io/pplay/?tx=0&ty=0&scale=1&fc=vec4 get_color(vec2 p) {
      float t = 0.;
      vec2 z = p;
      vec2 c = vec2(0.60891, 0.89098);
      float frames = 600.;
      float a = 3.14* 2. * bease(mod(iFrame, frames)/frames);
    
    
      for(int i = 0; i < 32; ++i) {
        if (length(z) > 2.) break;
        z = c_mul(c_exp(z) * sin(a), z) + c;
        t = float(i);
      }
    
      return vec4(length(z) * t * vec3(1./64., 1./32., 1./16.), 1.0);
    }


So I broke it by changing "get_color(vec2 p)" into "get_color(vec2p)".  

I'm just surprised I didn't get a regular error and it still produced ANYTHING.
Oh god, Soylent Green is 100 year old people!
But your comment still makes no sense then. Nobody is suggesting we all move next to small streams
Yep. I came here to say that. Lincoln was also known for being very depressed and telling jokes at inappropriate times.  He was the sad clown through and through.
Oops.  Because of the thread, I was only considering GC games.

Regardless, I think people are getting their hopes up with this GC emulator.  Even systems that have backwards compatibility by emulation aren't perfect.  The only perfect backwards compatibility has been when they put the actual chips for the old system in.  That would be like the Nintendo DS for the GBA.
I'm not seeing that at all when looking at the gameplay videos. And some of them are from Dolphin 4.  

https://wiki.dolphin-emu.org/index.php?title=The_Simpsons_Hit_%26_Run

https://wiki.dolphin-emu.org/index.php?title=The_Simpsons_Road_Rage

You should retry with one of the latest nightlies and give it a shot. It's damn near perfect.
The issues you're mentioning are outdated.

I started by looking up F-Zero.  Sand Ocean seemed to be the universally agreed upon worst level.  Here's a video of it in Dolphin: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wDPHcD0s8Rs

Here's the video introducing Dolphin 5 which details many of these fixes.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KS7Fl30JZcA
How much are they looking to spend? 

I'd recommend Workday.
It can be, but you'd be surprised just how perfect Dolphin is now.  I can play any GameCube or Wii game on there with original controllers.
You can easily cause yourself to throw up if you swallow smoke. Are you sure that didn't happen at any point?  The only other way I've heard of it causing people to vomit is if they're very drunk already.
A census taker once tried to test me...
I played for a while before even knowing about FAR.  I didn't notice anything weird then.  I guess that makes sense . It wouldn't have been released otherwise.

That said, I'll keep FAR on if it helps the resolution.
I get it.  This is finging and that's why they're called fingers.
If you put water on a whole toothpick, the toothpick would get a little bit bigger.  The ones in the gif are halfway broken, bent over.  When the part that's still attached gets wet, it expands.  When just that part expands along the length of the pick, it causes it to bend back.
That's some poor support from the devs for such an amazing game.
I browsed that.  I'm not that good.
I'm guessing it means "I am not making this up"

For some reason, weird abbreviations come easily to me.
Go to your library and right click on one of the titles.  Select create desktop shortcut.  That shortcut will now behave as though you opened it through Steam.  
I completely agree with you. That said, there are some people who hate on The Incredible Hulk because he is the embodiment of make aggression. It's silly, but it seems like there's always someone to complain about everything.
Someone should edit this so it looks like someone used a permanent marker to draw on a third button, "Alternative Facts."
But that's so many different games, better add an auto-steering mode!
> Cockford Ollie

[You're not wrong](https://img0.etsystatic.com/209/1/13650636/il_570xN.1352206856_jn9v.jpg)
That's would be brilliant. We already have the dress for floaty jumps. Maybe different outfits for higher jumps, running, rolling, a spin attack, or special underwater movement.
We need someone in politics brave enough to open up safe locations for people to take heroin around medical professionals. 

People overdose for a few reasons, but they can all be avoided if people take their dose of heroin in a sterile, monitored way. 

Our country is so backwards.  We still have people arguing against needle exchanges. Too many people aren't going to stop doing drugs because they don't have a clean needle. We need to start looking into harm reduction at any cost.
I laugh my ass off at his videos. I'm just saying there are some moments that ring false.
So much of his videos are set up.  He'll walk through a dangerous area saying something like, "it's so nice around here. Nothing bad ever happens. Ever." He'll keep rambling like this until the devastating thing eventually happens. 

He comes up with funny ideas, but he's not willing to keep trying until it seems natural. Fuck, just dub the audio over and keep trying until it sounds natural.
I wish there were some other interaction that wouldn't break immersion for that NPC. Imagine hiding behind a rock and shooting a meteor rod at all the flowers. Then it breaks her and she leaves.
What information forced him to resign?

I kind of missed all of this.
Maybe she took the picture in zero gravity.
The only thing I can think is cocaine.  It fits the ridiculousness. 
In my state, they're quite similar. Being in the passing lane just means you need to pass at least one car for every mile you're driving.
Trump: I've never skipped a line in my life.  I do all my lines with rolled 100 dollar bills, too.
Damn.  I clicked the comments and immediately searched for "trench." Too late.
I've got something like that, but they're lock picks.
It actually isn't that hard. You can find all sorts of guides online for making capacitive controllers. 

Here's one: https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/projects/fruit-drums-with-circuit-playgrounds-capacitive-touch-sensors/

It's a good way to start to learn about circuits and Arduino programming.
Here's a better look

https://www.nytimes.com/2018/01/22/us/pennsylvania-maps-congress.html
Nope, the article is that bad.
That doesn't make any sense because you could pick any 70 (or 120 for Odyssey) stars t complete to unlock Bowser.  That means there wouldn't be any specific levels that would count as endgame content.  That also means you're counting 50 stars in Mario 64 would count as "endgame content." That's about 40% of the game.

I think everyone else is talking about things that are actually unlocked by beating the game once.
I was just replying based off of you saying "Mario 64 has a great end game, if you consider "End game" as "After defeating Bowser", which, let's say, we do."

Correct me if I'm wrong, but beating the last boss in Mario 64 doesn't unlock any new areas.  
> Mario 64 has a great end game, if you consider "End game" as "After defeating Bowser", which, let's say, we do. 40 more stars to collect, all with their nooks, crannies, challenges and so forth, and all of them fresh.

It's not as though those areas get unlocked after beating Bowser.  Correct me if I'm wrong, but no new world opens up after the final boss.
I'm sorry to tacking this onto your post, but I feel it needs said. The thumbnail for this post isn't of conventional psilocybin containing mushrooms. Instead, they are amanita muscaria. They can produce some effects, but they're very, very different.
Otherwise it's like chewing on a balloon.
You've met all the people sending you messages though, right?
The Rolling Stones didn't change the name of the song because of pressure.  It was just dictated incorrectly.  

That said, there's nothing wrong with thinking something is offensive.  That's a personal opinion.  
Which was an error and corrected on later releases.
I use a VPN that I run out of my house.  This way my mobile provider can't throttle different websites.
The heart pounding, the feeling of slow motion. It sucks.
I personally know HTC has missed it in the past.
On one hand, he brags to his friends about the shithole country comment.  On the other hand, he denies ever saying it to the country.  That's who we have in office.
> Two guys being intimate gives me the hee-bee jee-bees, but my unease for their happiness doesn't allow me to oppress them.

I know some people that actually use that as their reason for being against gay people.  Just because a person find something to be gross, that doesn't mean they need to shit on other people's happiness.  They might also be grossed out imagining two extremely unattractive people having sex, but is that a reason to ostracize them?  No, it makes no sense.
I mean I've never heard that as the sole reason given for disowning someone.
I don't know many people that are so heartbroken about grandchildren that they'll destroy their own children.
There are about 5.8 times as many people now as there were in 1860.  It's estimated there were 25 million slaves worldwide in 1860.  That's the equivalent of about 145 million slaves when scaled for today's population.  It seems like slavery is overall on the decline. 

It's still terrible how common it is, of course.  I'm not trying to excuse anything.
She wants to get paid for an interview or she has some serious interpersonal issues.  Actually, it sounds like both.
Well, he was elected. That obviously means that he is supported by Americans and they expect nothing more from him.  Even common decency.
I figured it might be a reference to something. Can you at least tell me what I'm missing?
I don't know. If I made this dish, I think it would get me laid.
For $70 it better have motion controls.
You can play Smash with a Gamecube controller connected by the Wii U adapter.
I had no idea that entire area existed.
I'd be happy with an amiibo.
Hell, I'd charge more if someone wanted to dance for twice as long.  I'd make a terrible stripper.
Oh god. Nothing like having a sauna where the steam is made from a chemical / shit stew.
> but I am unshaped by my thoughts on this game.

What?
But which way do you add the tiny lines?
> Also personal feedback if any announcer folks read this: If you're the type of announcer who says "If you can afford X you can afford to donate!", "You need to do your part!", "These other folks are donating, you can too!", just stop. Stop trying to guilt or obligate people into donating.

Except these have been found to be really successful.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fQxYCfL_Rck
Thousands of acres of trees? You monster.


I think it's the outright audacity of the lies afterward.  Someone in the media will ask about a comment.  Then, there's a bold faced lie saying it didn't happen.  Then the lie is accepted and everyone moves on.  It's fucking insane.
Someone already got the Switch to play Doom.
I'd imagine they feel weird/bad on bare feet.
Never be rude to an Irishman no matter what you do...
Hey, it's Arseface.
With how precisely the vibrations can be controlled, they could make it sound like something really creepy.
it's funny because he does terrible things to women.
The pain I feel now is the happiness I had before. That's the deal.'

C. S. Lewis
I wonder what percentage of the country wouldn't feel shocked if Trump gets assassinated. 
I think it's someone gaping their asshole.  
But now, if I'm ever in this situation I'll remember this story about Hawaii and hesitate.
Just bags of weed fall from a false panel in the ceiling as music plays and balloons fall.
We'll also be able to grow our own "homebrew" strains.   I'm okay with that.

Also, with legalization we can get all sorts of things we wouldn't have otherwise, like cannabis oil vaporizer chargers.  They feel like magic and the future had a baby. [3]
I don't care if that's the necessary evil for legalized weed to happen.  No large business happens without it being corrupted by "big business."  
I was willing to believe it because his face is always a different color than the rest of his body.
That's a bingo.
Well, Trump has demonstrably said and done things that support the idea that he's racist, sexist, stupid, and a sex assaulter. So when someone says that they don't mind those things, it appears like they tacitly support those things.

Apparently her sandals are made from a tire rubber.  
That's bullshit. The law only says that any job that can be done sitting down can be done sitting down. If that isn't the case, nothing changes. I don't get fighting this.
I've seen this video.  He hypothesizes that normally they use some CGI to cover up the movement.  They just slipped up and didn't do it these times.
I'm glad you're capturing just how amazingly presidential Trump is being.  He's up there with Lincoln. 
But somehow, Sarah Huckabee Sanders thinks we everything is good.

> “We still think we can get there,” White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said at the daily White House news briefing.
Or bring her on and be prepared to call her lies out.
When I get really, really frustrated with a game, I just shut it off and do something else. 

I remember seeing my older cousin rage at Mario 64 and how silly he looked. I don't think I'll ever rage at a game now.
I agree with that.  There are times that the messages just seem to get lost.  I wish it kept a running log of messages so I could see everything, even after restarting the application.
Thanks, boss
What's terrible about it? Compared to similar apps, it seems to have more features without any noticeable bugs.
We can remove them, but that's a pretty toothless threat.
That would protect him legally, but wouldn't it make him unfit for presidency?
This makes no sense at all.
How nice would that be. Just take the top 1% of rich selfish bastards and redistribute their wealth and heads.
Hell, we take anything around the drug deal too.  Deliver the drugs in a car? Say goodbye to the car.  Buy anything with the drug money?  Gone.
That's beautiful.
That's the point, but it's done by speedrunning games, mainly. There are usually only a handful of actual glitch showcases. Most people usually just commentate a live run.  While it's true most people don't PB live, some people have actually even gotten WR at AGDQ.
This is awesome. I feel like I should start tracking the same thing. I just got home from a bone marrow transplant. I feel weak as hell. Something like this could be just the thing to help.
What's ACE?  

I've seen a pong minigame inserted into Super Mario World.  I'd love to see this.
What a shame.  She was so close to being a success.  Maybe they can try again with their next child.
I'm actually extremely happy with my life despite never going to the Olympics.
It makes me feel kind of bad for the kid.  Just the expression on the mother's face makes me feel like there's a good chance she put too much pressure on the kid growing up.  
\#NotAllLiberals
Whatever you say, Stone Cold Steve Austin.
When you talk about arbitrary code execution, are you saying that for certain versions, you need to literally code a Missingno pokemon in order to catch it?
When you say "proceed beyond" or "go past," is that indicating physical movement or a metaphorical exceeding of some idea?  Or is it a phrase that is indeterminate, like it is in English?
Is that really golf etiquette? If it is, I feel like it's only there because most players are too old to run.
Any discussion about a product should be able to be held on that company's forums, in my opinion. 

If Apple really wants to discourage users from repairing their own devices, they should subsidize their repair costs to make them competitive.
That's what you call it if you have a food fight with waffles.
I think that line is only if Trump somehow personally endangers individual Republicans.  Then, those people will turn. Until that happens, they're happy to ride his tattered coattails as long as they can.
They're just "alternative facts" when Trump or his team lie. It kills me.
I can't believe he's 32.  That's just mind-blowing. 

I'm not trying to insult him over his looks.  I'm just genuinely shocked.
Trump is taking advantage of the fact that his base doesn't care that he's lying. They either won't be aware of the lie or they rationalize it somehow.
CNN doesn't have a history of repeatedly saying things that have already been proven false. If they report on something that is later proven to be false, they own up to it. 

That's more than can be said for team Trump.
I would give anything for this to happen.
Simply standing there silently is being more professional than Trump. I'm not surprised any other human can do a better job.
He doesn't believe in exercise, has a history of forcing himself on women inappropriately, and lies about everything.  I have no problem believing he has ED.
Of course.  The Khal will just ride at home on a miniature pony while the horde battles.  
It might be.  His attacking of sanctuary cities is already causing immigrants to stop using social services that they're legally entitled to.  So these communities are becoming more insular.  
We need to build walls around these people.  They'll be in every city in America: just walls with illegal immigrants inside.  We need to concentrate them in a small areas.
Agreed. The Wire is better than either.
What a classy orgy.

Thank you. I didn't know the legal alternative was so terrible by comparison. I'd definitely go with psilocybin then.
True, but why bother having to deal with raw plant matter if there's a drug that is able to be consistently dosed and (I'm assuming) covered by insurance?
I currently am fighting cancer, and I completely agree with you. 

May they get cancer on a deserted island and have to try to remove the tumors with red hot butter knives.
What's the grip strength like compared to your other hand?
Yes, it can do all of those things
It's ridiculously easy.  There are step-by-step guides for it and it works on every version of firmware.  
It's become the best handheld with CFW.  You can install mods for current titles as well as playing basically any game pre-N64.  
I was sure it was Mr. Burns.
When you bind the controls, the R analog input is different from the last little click that the R trigger makes when fully pulled. Make sure those are all being mapped correctly.
Unless if you bought it from Verizon. I unfortunately got mine that way. No unlock for me.
The time limit really let them fill up a living, interconnected world. I like it better than just having NPCs sitting around waiting to tell you about a quest.
It's not possible to get completely full functionality. 

I'd recommend getting a Wii bar and actual Wii controls.
Every sperm is scared
Maybe one of these days we can fix it.
Right. That's another thing to be ashamed of, our election system.
In that game, you have no weapons. It's all about running and hiding.  It's been named one of the scariest games ever.
Ever think about moving?
You should try Amnesia the Dark Descent.

You'll love it.
Man, lying about infidelity is just laughable compared to what things have come to anymore.
I wonder if it has anything to do with their overall quality of life. 

Also, in this riot, all losses were on the Palestinian side iirc.
That Republican presidents tend to do terrible things? Maybe someone can balance it out with a Democrat some the same things.
Right, because he can't. But he can fire the guy who can fire Mueller.
Those allies just happen to be major corporations who benefit from defense spending.
2002 qualities for nostalgia now.  I'm getting old. Twilight Princess just seems like it came out so much later than OoT.

How young were you when OoT came out?
Nord is fine
He's basically doing the same thing that conversation therapy idiots do. He's trying to delegitimize people's sexual preferences by blaming it on different things.
Except when gerrymandering is set up to ensure your side can't win.
Discretion is huge, and they're relatively unknown.
I absolutely love them.
There are trash cans outside the store, at any place that sells food in the store, and usually at every check out.  

Some people are just shitty.  I've seen countless cigarette butts around cigarette bins.
It just pisses me off that no reporter has the balls to call out a politician to their face. They're afraid of losing access, so they play the game. Each day, the line gets a little more in the politicians favor.
So, our president is worse than Dwayne Elizondo Mountain Dew Herbert Macho Camacho.
If someone has evidence, it would be a great trap. Either he admits it or lies and gets reamed.
Stores don't need trash cans in and around their aisles. If this person was able to hold onto the cup when it was full, they can keep doing it while it's empty.
Have you tried doing all of this in safe mode?
They said government accounts are basically exempt from everything.
That's why I love Trump's desperate put downs. They're so obvious and pathetic.
If you watch the End of Evangelion movie, you get a different feel for this scene. 

I view it as a metaphorical representation of their consciousnesses. 


We've done this over and over. Last time wasn't the first time we got screwed.
They also have the ability to remove addons.  If you don't trust them with that ability, use one of their open source forks that doesn't include that. 

Nothing was changed by this action.   All that happened was that you learned they could do it and that maybe that's not a smart thing to trust with others.
I would call this a misstep, and a relatively minor one at that.  Regular Firefox does studies and has access to some information.  I'd wager this addon probably has access to a tiny amount of information.

I get that's what people are worried about, but what about all of the other studies you've been in?  


They're thin enough you could roll joints with them. If you want cancer, that is.
For anyone who wants to stop this from happening in the future, disable participating in studies.

Go to about:preferences#privacy

Scroll to "Firefox Data Collection and Use"

Uncheck "Allow Firefox to install and run studies"

Now your data is safer.
I am.

In truth, automatically updating software allows for so many things to go wrong.  Just take this as a lesson to not really trust anything.
Hey, are your a penguin?
Cold spaghettios flavored.
I agree. Medication is definitely subtle and the mind is powerful. Purely as an anecdote to describe what I mean, I remember one time I took a hit of fake LSD with some friends. We were surprised how far we thought we got into the experience before we realized it was bunk. It was just a mixture of anticipation jitters and placebo.
I could enjoy some wellness rum.
You really need to be careful what you buy. It's a huge market and there are many ripoffs and some are made dangerously.
They're cool.  At a distance, that's a pattern that's normally on pajamas.  

Up close, very stylish.
It really looks like it, like with a nice fractional power, how you can do with a regular Mandelbrot.
I am genuinely surprised. This is a big moment. Congratulations to all involved.
The Prime Video app can't.
Thank you.  I stand corrected.  The Xenoblade 2 example is exactly what I was looking for.

I don't know enough about doctor who to know if that's going to be a clip from the show or a Rick roll.

Edit: I trusted and it's real
Many people purchased Mario Odyssey from the Japanese store and play in English. 

Sure, if there is no translation, it won't work. As far as I'm aware, you don't get locked in. Do you have any examples of this?
I think I just had a mini stroke.
I agree. Although it seems to vary by device.
It's that good.  I also cried.
That's strange. They're assuming because someone is willing to go back to driving the train that they don't mind people dying. 

They don't make that assumption with police that have to kill people.
But humans are pretty much the only animal with permanently enlarged breasts.
If you are watching on a computer, you can get extensions to disable that. 

When I die, I wonder how long Netflix will continue playing.
The man is apologizing for being in a car accident. I get that audiences are demanding, but that is not something to apologize for. I hope he feels better and doesn't have any serious problems from this.
The Google image for Giles Corey is interesting.  If it's changed by the time anyone else reads it, it was this: https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/464111892475027456/rvBrweuE.jpeg
Once a second isn't that much.
That's a good summary.  Though, Hollow Knight has some hardcore platforming areas. The white palace place comes to mind immediately.
For those that don't know, you can take selfies and make many different poses.
I think that's not what the reason for its situation was.  I think the point was that each of the fallen brings its holders to its will through different ways.  Some do it through trickery or seduction.  Ursiel essentially tortured the holder until he went completely mad.  IIRC, Dresden had a vision of the holder as a tortured husk of a person. 

That person still has free will.  He's just being held and tortured.  He probably even still has a way out, but can't see it after losing his mind.
True.  I just did a doubletake seeing it right after waking up.
I think it works better to have read the passage before the person passed.  

I wouldn't share this with someone who had just experienced loss. It can be taken badly if the person isn't in the mood for it.
What a weird coincidence. I just posted this a day or so ago.
If it weren't for all that unions have done, I'd be fucking dead. 

They've increased the standard of living across the board.
I prefer that too, but special chip games don't work.
Snes9x sure does
I knew I had heard this before.  I'm glad they put out a finished version.
Jesus.  At a certain point, you just wait for another elevator.  I don't think this would have happened if this damned elevator hadn't been packed full of humans.
Amputee porn?
No, not at all.  You take it all in from the narrator's view.  So any feelings of confusion or disorientation are intentional. 
Hey, it's another person with a So it goes tattoo.  

I got mine after getting a boatload of cancer.  So it goes.
And for some great short stories, Welcome to the Monkey House.  I personally really liked  The Euphio Question, among others.
Simply put, it's a book about a man who survives WWII.  It covers his entire life.  Thanks to the help of some aliens, he gets unstuck from the normal flow of time and has periods where he experiences his life non-linearly.  It's up to the reader to determine if this is real or the psychological effects of war.  In reality, it isn't that important which is the case. 

As with most Vonnegut books, it's less about exactly what happens, but the nature of humanity and creating a story that can make some truly interesting perspectives.  If the writing style in this passage is at all interesting to you, I wholeheartedly recommend picking the book up and checking it out.  You won't regret it.
It's from Slaughterhouse Five by Kurt Vonnegut. 
So it goes.

You could look at Dresden as a reconstruction if you viewed it backwards.  Reminds me of another quote from the book.

“It was a movie about American bombers in World War II and the gallant men who flew them. Seen backwards by Billy, the story went like this: American planes, full of holes and wounded men and corpses took off backwards from an airfield in England. Over France, a few German fighter planes flew at them backwards, sucked bullets and shell fragments from some of the planes and crewmen. They did the same for wrecked American bombers on the ground, and those planes flew up backwards to join the formation.

The formation flew backwards over a German city that was in flames. The bombers opened their bomb bay doors, exerted a miraculous magnetism which shrunk the fires, gathered them into cylindrical steel containers , and lifted the containers into the bellies of the planes. The containers were stored neatly in racks. The Germans below had miraculous devices of their own, which were long steel tubes. They used them to suck more fragments from the crewmen and planes. But there were still a few wounded Americans though and some of the bombers were in bad repair. Over France though, German fighters came up again, made everything and everybody as good as new.

When the bombers got back to their base, the steel cylinders were taken from the racks and shipped back to the United States of America, where factories were operating night and day, dismantling the cylinders, separating the dangerous contents into minerals. Touchingly, it was mainly women who did this work. The minerals were then shipped to specialists in remote areas. It was their business to put them into the ground, to hide them cleverly, so they would never hurt anybody ever again.”
You are obviously a paid shill for Playstation and Walmart, hired to sell off all of those PS2 memory cards that are still somehow being sold near full price.

/s
A lot.  You'd be surprised.
A median is a type of average.  So he's not even wrong.

Also, it's generally accepted that intelligence is normally distributed.    That would mean the median is the mean. 


Preventing people from fucking with the internet = fucking with the internet?

Hmm...
I think it's great.  EA doesn't care about bad press as long as money keeps rolling in.  There's a chance Disney will give a shit.   It's small, but it's bigger than EA's chance of giving a shit.
I hope this terrible cult goes away.
Too bad prisons aren't more into rehabilitation than being just a hole for terrible people.  You're lucky you came out of it with such a positive experience.
This is it.  Posting doesn't get better than this.  You perfectly executed it.  The meme is officially dead, time to move on everyone.
I was just going by what I heard in some stupid college courses when comparing what we experience versus similar animals who don't walk upright.

I don't have any back pain though.  Like you said, good posture, habits, and, apparently, not having giant tits hanging off my upper chest.
You want WatchPeopleDie not WatchPeopleDieInside.

This is more like WatchPeopleDieInsideAndOutside
There are three options on that page for Mac.  Is your version of MacOS new?  Maybe try the third option.
You want to plug it in after everything has been set up physically with the adapter's switch and controllers being plugged in. They should be found then as regular controllers.

You could keep the adapter in Wii U mode, but you need to look up setting up a Wii U adapter in Windows. You'll need a program to fix the drivers so this is picked up by programs.

I use what's listed here: https://wiki.dolphin-emu.org/index.php?title=How_to_use_the_Official_GameCube_Controller_Adapter_for_Wii_U_in_Dolphin

I like doing this because it's the only way the rumble feature works.
Crystals are a game mechanic, are they not? The same as invasion.
Getting kicked out as soon as you join is that terrible?
No, but the post would be marked as controversial if that were the case. It was not, meaning it didn't get lots of votes.
Mrs. Doubtfire
It isn't standard Bluetooth.
Great source for your point.

> The divorce was granted on the grounds of “cruel and inhuman treatment” of Ivana. She also has been issued a gag order that bars her from discussing her marriage to Trump without his permission.

> Trump’s lawyer Michael Cohen, responding to The Daily Beast’s questions about the rape allegations, said that “you cannot rape your spouse” and threatened reporter Tim Mak.

What a wonderful man
Because in tiny shit towns, it tends to make people do stupid things to protect criminals.
That's not that big of a thing. Having a 0 usually means almost no one has seen it and it has received one single vote.
I don't know about this, but a Switch pro controller will connect with anything.
They should have shown a shitty liquor store ATM with a $25 fee.
What does this have to do with what you replied to?
Serpentine! It can lead you.
Thank fuck this is finally getting downvoted.
They did do a lot to fight the supply chain for pharmaceutical companies.  Then when the law was passed that crippled the DEA's ability to fight them, it was sold as a better law to cure the opiate problem.  It was designed for and accomplished the exact opposite.
Even 100mg of oxycodone at a single dose can prove fatal.  That's right around Tylenol's safe max daily dosage. The max dose used to be 4,000. The human body can easily survive 6,000 on rare occasions. 
Thank you.  I felt bad making a claim this big without sources.  It was nice to have everyone reply with a bunch of different news sources backing up the different parts.
People love to look at drug addicts and put 100% of the problem at their feet.  It makes the world seem simple, manageable, and within their control.
I'm looking for it now. 

Here's a link:

https://www.washingtonpost.com/investigations/the-dea-slowed-enforcement-while-the-opioid-epidemic-grew-out-of-control/2016/10/22/aea2bf8e-7f71-11e6-8d13-d7c704ef9fd9_story.html

It goes along with the ones /u/PoliticallyAverse  posted.

This covers some more, and is on NPR: https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2017/01/27/511858862/drug-distributors-penalized-for-turning-blind-eye-in-opioid-epidemic

I'm having trouble searching NPR radio stories though, to be honest. 
It's like balancing a broom up on your hand or a ten foot high pile of dishes.
You can get ones that come as 10mg to 325mg of tylenol.  At that rate, an opiate naive person can take more tylenol than they can oxycodone.  

A person could easily get up to 200mg without taking dangerous levels of tylenol.  If that's someone's first dose, do you think they're up and breathing?
In some cities, they do sell enough prescription opiates to give every single person living there a permanent addiction level of opiates.  It's just that there are only a few people buying them and selling them elsewhere.

The DEA used to be very proactive in shutting down distributors of opiates when they were obviously selling far too many to pharmacies.  Then these shipping companies somehow banded together, raised millions of dollars, and corrupted the DEA from the inside out.  They bought lots of ex-DEA agents and used them to figure out how to stop the DEA from being effective.  They lobbied and put laws into place so they could only act if they had direct evidence of individuals who were in serious danger.  

Basically, they crippled the ability to stop the drug flow. 

There was a whole NPR show covering this.  It was interesting, to say the least.

People love drugs.  Enough of those that don't love drug money.
Maybe if you're already an addict.  People can kill themselves with just percocet.  The people in OP's clip are somewhere between normal and dead.
We got that when we decided to be high and mighty and walk on two legs.
At least it wasn't semen and sausage.
Most people disagree. Every those at least twice that age. 

You can try it out next time you have sex. When you finish, try saying that you've arrived.
Fair enough.  I think on Tumblr and in SJW circle, "appropriation" is universally seen as bad.  At least, the word is never used in any way except to describe a negative stealing from a racial/gender/sexuality group.
We don't even need to go completely objective.  We could just let groups take turns creating districts.  That way, even if every district is made to try to take advantage of the population, it will pretty much average out by the end of the process.  

I guess regularly destroying things, fighting people, and beating yourself is a good work out.
Putin?
Mind the gap?
Fuck me, it looked good on Reddit Sync.  I guess leaving out http:// killed it.
If we're going that route, then the obvious answer is Shae. She did porn. Sibel Kekilli
[You can do it perfectly fine on mobile. ](www.reddit.com)
I think the most people view the time machine differently than this man. At least I do. With my time machine, I could pop in, kill Hitler, and pop back out as soon as I'm done. That way there's no chance of being caught, no consequences apart from the changes to history. 

If people knew they had to face the German army after killing Hitler, I'm sure they'd answer very differently.
That's not a personal attack, that's the truth.  Both of our opinions are meaningless to the outcomes of any investigations into Trump or Hillary.

I don't see how you twisted that into an attack.
> Grow up and get educated and maybe your opinion would mean something then.


Look, an ad hom attack.  Who saw that coming?

I'm done subjecting myself to you.
^(It's broken?  Better call the dev)
How do you view all of the lying and Russian ties by all of the people around Trump? Do you see it and write it off or try to avoid it and stay ignorant? There's nothing saying "jack shit" has been found. Nobody in the investigation is saying Trump has been found to be innocent. They don't announce their findings while still investigating, so the lack of news means nothing. Announcing everything would let Donny know where to try to patch things up.  Do you think you know everything they do about Trump? Honestly? He's already fired one man who was investigating things. That just seems like perfectly innocent behavior?  If Clinton had been elected and done that, I'm sure you'd have no issue with that kind of behavior? 

I have no idea why I'm replying to you. Your opinion is meaningless in the grand scheme of things.
Of course.  He still talks about how unprecedented his win is and how everyone should be investigating Hillary.  He just doesn't leave campaign mode.  

Honestly, I thought this was what you were talking about. Trump is being a sore winner.  On the other hand, I don't see what's wrong with questioning Trump's election when there are active investigations into Russian collusion going on.  If he weren't being investigated, I'd say you could be right.
Seriously.  If you want proof, look at Trump himself.  He actually won the election, but still bitches about it a year later.
I've never really ran into that.  Even then, how would a public restroom be someone's safe space? It's public.
I don't care at this point.
Are you sure it wasn't dying?
On the plus side, they didn't go homeless.
They might enjoy doing exploiting the black market to pay their medical bills.
If you want a reminder, here are a few sentences:

Basically a polynomial is in this form: y = 1 + x + x^2 + 4x^3

It's an equation just involving coefficients and exponents.  The exponents are integers that are greater or equal to 0.

A derivative is, basically, another equation that describes the slope of the first equation at any point. So if the original equation was y=5x, the slope everywhere is 5, so the derivative would be y'=5.  

It's what you would have dealt with first when doing derivatives, in most classes.
Yep.  Just set up the installation on 3 that you normally would, then copy the files over.  Make sure your installation on the Pi 1 is up to date, or matching the version on the Pi 3.  This way the chance for things to be seamless will be as high as possible.
Nope.
Chihuahuas are a twitchy, genetic mess. They look like that a few more generations of breeding will cause them to have eyeballs that are fully outside their heads.  Their primary mode of locomotion will be twitching and biting things to drag itself across the ground.
Where Wallace, String?!
Is it an update that can positively affect the singleplayer game?  If so, it won't happen.
We don't know what Newman did before deciding to steal those eggs or what his plans were for every single one of them. Maybe he wanted to one day try to have a dino-human baby.

Man creates dino-human baby, dino-human baby inherits the Earth.
He might not have understood, but I doubt that nobody in their IT or legal departments understood. I understood and an not in either profession.
I mean he's saying this shit on Twitter. It wasn't like people were digging into his business. He put his business out there.
No, they don't. Death by organ failure is debilitating and painful. 

Maybe the doctor said there was something indicating it and suggested follow up tests. But he must have misunderstood if he really thought he'd be actually dead almost immediately. When I was told I might have cancer and needed further tests, I had to go home and schedule them. Not a huge deal and I didn't flip out.
You're right, Twitch is basically second to the lawyer-client relationship.
What do you mean? He posted this on Twitter.  Asking "what does he mean he isn't dying?" isn't the same as digging through his trash and finding medical bills.
Keep casting a tutorial on how to make his stick private. Or porn
And as someone with Republican representatives, I get politely ignored. 

I'd love to see the internet be used as a way to advance more ballot initiatives by voters.

Town Hall meetings get cancelled because our representatives don't want to listen to the people they represent.  They don't want the negative press. They just want to have the news distribute their press releases and have everyone be quiet.
Thank you for finding this.  It makes my day when something like this reveals the human side of showmaking.
Okay then, we can add to the list anyone who runs into a freak situation that can be solved by at most a few hundred dollars and doesn't have a debit card or access to an ATM.

I think at a 25% fee, most reasonable people in reasonable circumstances are willing to roll their coins and go to a bank.  That's been my experience as someone who has worked in a store with a Coinstar machine.
That's one nice outcome.
Don't think that way. This is just covered in a specific math course. Basically, past calculus math education can go in many directions. If you took this course you'd be just fine at it, I'm sure. You'd get this in the first few lessons of graph theory. Never took it myself though. I sure hope I picked the right for the field, my memory has been crap recently.
Stupid people, junkies, poor people, old people.
Exactly. That's the damn problem with all of this.
It shows how big of a dick I can take. Bonus points if I can also get my dick in the shot too.
Omar comin'!
If it helps, it sounds like the original season's.
That too. Why the hell did they make it the same as the camera shutter?
I was surprised I actually cried at this.
Taking pictures in the bathroom but not wanting people to think you're taking dick pics.
I'm surprised Google doesn't have a way to vet and prevent these kinds of ads.

When advertising companies stop showing deceptive ads, I'll stop blocking them.  With how prevalent ad blockers are today, I'm sorry sites like Android Police are caught in the middle.  If ads weren't so annoying, I'm sure the majority of people wouldn't bother with blocking them.

I wonder what would happen if everyone were to start using something like the AdNauseam Chrome addon that fake-clicks every ad.  It would ruin some of the data Google sells on customers.
Thank you. I haven't heard of this until now.  I did this on my mobile Chrome since it isn't always connected to my home networks which DNS blocks ads.  I find always running a VPN on my phone to access my home network is a bit much since I don't usually use my phone to access potentially toxic sites.

> We hate them as much as you do.

Surely if I have some control over things on my end, you guys could block this redirection from happening on your end?  Or would that be a breach of contract with the ad company?
Absolutely.  It's amazing having every 3DS, DS, NES, SNES, Genesis, and GBA game I want on there.  I didn't think handheld gaming could get any better than having a DS with a flashcart that could play DS and GBA games.  I was wrong.
You'd be surprised what Android doesn't allow without rooting a phone.
It is minor, but it can be exploited to install really nasty shit. You shouldn't be able to root a phone without having to unlock your bootloader and wipe your phone.
Oh fuck yes it works. You can play just about anything on the 3ds.
You can use game cards for 3ds games, but there's no need for that. You can just load them up from SD cards now. Hell, you can play about any SNES game on the 3ds too.
Look at plailects guide. It'll take you from start to finish.
Yes, that is a joke that is made there frequently.
I'm done with Android Police. That's twice in two visits I've gotten different redirect ads with shady shit.  One was an app to remove viruses because my phone is apparently "84.25% infect." This latest one says they're YouTube and I am one of ten people to win an "iPhone X, Samsung phone." 

At least learn some non-broken English. Or maybe that helps cut down on the non-idiotic people.
No, Google is retarded. Their daydream app was originally a screensaver of sorts. Only no one used that and I guess Google liked the name.
It's elaborate and complicated, but that doesn't mean it is an issue that should overlooked.
I'd think valuing brand new items would be something capitalism would prefer.  "Why reuse something when you can buy, buy, buy?!"
Did you read the article?  It doesn't condemn the show for including homophobia.  In fact, it does the opposite, talking about how it adds more depth to the show.  Here's the last paragraph from the article:

> In other words, Stranger Things 2 could have made Hargrove into a flat character without much background — as it did with last season’s jerks. But the choice to show him as a victim, in addition to a victimizer, complicates his motives. It shows that a bully can be made by bullying. Violence creates violence. Hate engenders hate. A character who might be gay may also weaponize homophobia. And before one fights the monsters of the Upside Down, one must first confront the human fears that also threaten to destroy us.
What it really did for me was frighten me that nobody tried to intervene.
Actually a rapist.

Definition of the word rapist: "unlawful sexual intercourse or any other sexual penetration of the vagina, anus, or mouth of another person, with or without force, by a sex organ, other body part, or foreign object, without the consent of the victim."

This definition covers what he did.
No. People who repeat this are stupid.
They should put down the guy for losing.
Someone says this every single time and call it a me-me.
Okay, this kind of shit needs to get out of this sub.
Voter ID laws did a great job of stopping the poor from voting.
I did my best to search for it, but I think I just found three posts you made on another website.

Edit: It's definitely on the freeshop
Here's the site for it: http://www.trysnowball.com/

It says that it's not available in my country.

I checked the WHOIS lookup for trysnowball.com and it came back as being in Canada.  So I connected through Canada and still got that message.  It seems like maybe they took it off the market for the moment.
If you aren't getting a certain topic, I'd recommend trying to learn it from as many sources as you can until you understand it.  Thanks to the internet, there are many free resources that teach calculus.  There are great videos or even just written resources to check out.

Simply doing problems repeatedly is only going to take you so far if you don't understand why you're doing what you're doing.
Both of those are true, but what about the old-timey guns that all of the lobotomized robots used to massacre the Delos crowd?  Remember when Mr. Black Hat got shot by the hooker who had her brain put through a blender?
It doesn't need to be completely one way or the other.  Maybe they grow humans in a somewhat natural way but augment their bodies how they do their brains.

But another thing to consider is the end of the season.  Somehow something was changed to allow the hosts' guns to shoot visitors.  

Maybe all of this is controlled by computers in the main base.  One scene makes me think this is plausible.  Remember when the man in black used those explosive cigars to blow their way out of jail and kill that guy?  There was a scene in the control room where they asked for clearance for those explosions.  Maybe something in there automatically handles how all of the guns fire.
There's a point in the show which they say that host bodies are no longer robotic.  It was cheaper to just make real human bodies and give them programmable brains.

Want more evidence?  Remember when the technician got stabbed in the neck?  Why would a tool that works at healing synthetic skin also work on human skin?
It used to be easier in the Moto app. You'd just slide up from the corner, from off the screen. Now you need to side from the middle down to the corner.

It makes me wish they just gave us a shortcut in the notification menu.
Short answer, you can't be. It could have been designed by the manufacturer to already be compromised.
It's actually the opposite. Google does this to bots.
I wonder if Chu Chu Rocket works
Is one handed mode a mode where it shrinks the screen down to one side?

If so, my Moto has it and I love it too.
Open up settings and type hardware acceleration in the search box.
Get a 128.  You'll use it up eventually. Just format it to fat32.
IIRC, Watson and Crick came up with the shape of DNA while on LSD. 

It's utterly amazing.
Microdosing LSD is pretty cool.  When I do it, there aren't any visuals besides colors looking a bit more vibrant.  What is amazing is what it does to my through process.  My imagination is unbounded while also giving me the ability to really focus my thoughts.
It helps weed out the bad parents or very stupid children.
Shouldn't the fact that he's a clear danger to absolutely anyone block him from getting basil?  This is so messed up.
They say that at any given point, we are just nine meals from anarchy. After going without food or water for nine meals, people turn into animals.
[Just trying to promote good computer hygiene.](https://i.imgur.com/JaabVyB.jpg) 


There's no need to do that. [Google puts out a small version with just adb and fastboot.](https://developer.android.com/studio/releases/platform-tools.html) 

Don't trust third parties for these unless necessary or you are able to check the files' md5 or something.
Frames were rendered very slowly.  So it wouldn't be too bad.
I wonder if anyone has calculated just how much money it would take to unlock all of the content in the game?  I feel like it would easily be over $1,000.
For a lot of people, the problems are one or more of the following:

1. Horrendous battery usage
2. Tons of notifications
3. Slow
4. Lots of ads.

I'm not buying this shit.
I'm not buying this shit.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to come down so hard on the video. It was early and I was having a bad day. What you're saying explains a lot.
At first I thought you modded the game to provide more visual feedback.  I was impressed by what you were able to do with the game.

Then I realized it was just all after effects and they were being way too overused.
By all means, I hope it stays that way.  

I only got to thinking about this because of how some subtitles are handled today.  There's a great site called opensubtitles.org. They can offer subtitles for brand new tv shows that wouldn't otherwise have them.  In fact, there are some video players that will automatically search there and download them for you.  The problem is that a few times throughout the program, the subtitles will say something like "Contact us today to see your ad here!"  I haven't actually seen an ad yet in my subtitles, but it's a service they offer.  
Yeah, it's not the worst thing in the world.  If I'm getting a pirated TV show, I can't really complain if an ad from the program slips in.  Besides, The Strain is a really good show.

The only thing I'm really against is if people uploading these videos start slipping in their own ads to make themselves money.
Would this fall under the Streisand effect?  Before this, I had no idea that Keurig pulled advertising over Roy Moore.

I feel like they're doing a better job of advertising FOR Keurig.
That's strange. I've never seen that. Is that something you get through some Fox authorized streaming service?
Maybe it's fine in Turok with customizable controls, but Mario Sunshine is a pain in the ass.  The R analog trigger would allow you to squirt water still being able to run around.  Pressing it all the way in, past the detent at the end, would change everything.  It would make it so that Mario would stand still and the analog stick would now only be used to aim the stream of water.  To get that ability on the Xbox controller, I had to map that last click at the bottom of the R trigger it's own button on the Xbox controller.  Otherwise I'd never be able to aim my water nozzle, blocking me from finishing the game.

The unique controls really make it worthwhile to just get a real GCN controller for emulating the console.

You sold me on it. It's years later, but the gun itself is still very cheap since it only houses the Wii remote and nunchuck. 

Thanks for the suggestion!!
Even in the US, broadcasting over someone else's licensed airwaves is a serious offense.
At least the very worst that can happen is that someone initiates a light change too soon.  As long as nobody can just fuck with it and make all lights green or something, that's what matters.

Still, this is all really interesting.  Thanks for the brief window into this.  I always find these things to be pretty cool.
Strange. To me it just looks clean and unique. I mainly just love how fast it works.

Sure, I wish it had some things like a photo album to manage screen shots. It would be nice to have friend shortcuts on the main screen. That's about all I want.
No worries.  I read yours and their replies about ten times before making my comment just to be sure it wasn't me who needed more coffee.
That's interesting.  I'd hope everything is nice and encrypted to prevent shitheads from just watching wireless traffic all day. Unfortunately something being illegal won't stop people if they think they can get away with it.  Case in point, about 99% of people speed on the roads in my part of the state.
That guy probably is falling victim to confirmation bias.  He thinks he can do it just right to get the signals to change.  So when the lights don't change, he did it wrong.  When they do change, he did it right.  In reality, he probably has no control over them.
People keep saying that.  What makes this look like iOS compared to the default Switch OS?  It just added a few more icons.

Is it having a blurred background?  
That's exactly what the person you're replying to was saying.  Read it and the previous comment.
The Xbox 360 is perfect for 99% of GC games.  The only thing it's missing is that little extra click on the shoulder buttons that can do something different.  That made shooting in some games feel really good.  Lightly pressing the R trigger would bring up iron sights and the final click of the R trigger would shoot.

It's not a big deal.  Controls can be mapped to make those things separate buttons.
Absolutely not.  The Silk Road is dead.

Seriously though, I wouldn't be surprised if something like this was on the dark net. Apparently they sell things like cell phone blockers and other illegal devices.

But you'd be more likely to find some random cheap electronics that don't work, just being sold for a profit.
It flashes a specific pattern.  Sorry to burst your bubble, if you weren't being sarcastic.
I'll need to give it another shot.  I just finally got a real Gamecube controller and a PC adapter.  Before this, I was using one of those shitty USB Gamecube replica controllers.  The awful thing didn't even implement the awesome shoulder buttons correctly.  It treated each shoulder as a single digital button instead of two analog triggers with an extra button if you press it fully.  That really screwed up Mario Sunshine for me.
I'm only coming at this years later.  So I don't even have the wii gun.  I'm just holding the Wiimote like a remote controller and shooting things that way.  It's a bit awkward.
You do that later on at the party when they're drunk.  You should read The Cask of Amontillado for clarification. 
The trick is to start by having or making a vest or bodysuit that fits the person.  Then build on top of that.  Then you sort of build pieces that can hang off of it.  This way there won't be any constriction or accidentally breaking through pieces like the hulk.
Then we can also bring back Paper Mario: The Thousand Year Door, Super Mario Sunshine, Zelda: The Wind Waker, and more.  All full HD, 60 FPS. 

It will even let you throw a couple of joycons down your pants and let them vibrate while you play.
Prime on the Wii is great.  Being able to aim with the wiimote really brings another level of immersion to things. I loved being able to use the wiimote like a lightgun in games.  The prime trilogy and the house of the dead games probably got the most playtime from me on that system.
You should check out the Metroid trilogy for Wii.  You can aim with the Wiimote.  I feel that it really improved things.  
I like when people do mashup costumes at halloween.  It seems to work well for conventions too.
I just checked.  I was on firmware 2.68.  I updated to 4.01.  It might seem a bit snappier now, but I can't tell how much of that is placebo.  

There were only a few definite changes when I updated.  For one, I had to go through the pairing process all over again since it came up with a slightly different device name.  Also, some of the face buttons were swapped around. 

Maybe I'm just not that sensitive to input lag.  I'm only playing old games with it.  Maybe it's because I'm only using this controller in Windows and only RetroPie was affected.  For my Raspberry Pi, I mainly just use a wired 360 controller.  It works best for the most games in terms of what buttons I need.

I'm definitely going to use this new 8bitdo controller for my pi when it ships.  I might even use it with my Switch on the go since it's less bulky than a full pro controller or even the joycon controller dock thing.
I was told this by an ambulance driver.  The thing itself is a little 2x2 inch white square that's clipped to their grill.  Maybe different places do it differently, or maybe my guy was just wrong. 
I'm American and have cancer.  My bank account is dwindling, even though I have insurance.  As I'm off for longer periods of time, I get less money from my job.  There's nothing like having to do tons of paperwork while barely being able to concentrate from all of the poison being pumped into me.

I'm surprised more people haven't attacked insurance companies when they snap.  Just saying.

I hate that this is the case.  They've done the math and realize that they gain more money by having these "micro"-transactions, even if they stop some people from buying the game in the first place.  When that's the case, voting with our wallets doesn't matter.  

In cities around here, traffic lights have a sensor and will change lights as quickly as possible for emergency vehicles.  Emergency vehicles have a little strobe light that communicates this to the lights.
Just don't drink like Winehouse.
Can we make this into an auto-smoking bong?
Ah, gotcha.  Yeah, I wish they would just void those out like they do for watermarks on screeners.  I'd rather have a big blind-spot on the screen than banners for other shows.

Part of me wonders if advertisers like in-show ads for the fact that they stay in pirated versions of the show.
If anyone puts out a show with ads, it should be nuked.  There is nothing difficult about just cutting out segments of video.
I remember those days.  I had a beast of a computer.  If I recall correctly, I had a Pentium, a Soundblaster 32, and a Geforce 256.  I even had the Microsoft Plus pack for Windows 95 or 98, I can't recall which.  I loved those crazy themes and sound effects.
No problem
Kodi is useful if you want to have a nice interface for watching things on TV.  It also has built in support for streaming non-local videos.
It would have been nice if they had put some things along the direct route, or even if they made it so that climbing wasn't a fight against the physics engine. The latter is part of why I love exploring in Zelda: BotW.
Even if what you are saying were true, I think most people get their HD videos from the scene.  

I'll admit, Youtube has a lower bitrate and cable providers can sometimes shrink video streams horizontally.  That sucks.
That makes a lot of sense.  Don't want to be banging knees with a stranger.
Oompa loompa doopity doke.

I bet you feel silly you assumed that was coke.
I don't see how it's much worse than one person sitting alone in two seats. If it were the only seat, I wouldn't have trouble doing either.
I think you just hit the sync button on both devices.
Revealing Russian interference shouldn't be considered election tampering. It's only that if candidates are relying on Russian interference.
I can think of a few things to try. There are three places you can download it from, the Amazon app store, the Google play store, and a site like APK Mirror. I'd check those out and see if one of them has this new version.
Interesting. I have one of their basic controllers and haven't noticed any lag. I've switched between Bluetooth and USB.
For future reference, you need to make its arm three backslashes long to not have reddit fuck it up.
I apologize for not just googling this, but there is a lot of misinformation on the internet and you seem to know your stuff.

Are all THC isolates comprised of THC-A?  Also, what is necessary to make it bioavailable?  Is it just raising it to about 225F? Is this what is called "decarboxylation"?
I feel silly. I searched "LOTR characters" and his thumbnail looked about right.  

Still though, I tried "success kid" and just got the "Thanks" message.
[I got the same thing.  I thought the problem was that the right image wasn't chosen.
](https://i.imgur.com/FnaQV9O.png)

You first need to talk to a service that can make memes.  There are a whole bunch of things you can "talk to."

That said, I kind of wish all of these things just made Google Assistant smarter itself.  I can understand why they did it this way though.  It could prevent it getting confused or there might be multiple services who offer the same thing.
This might be silly, but have you checked the volume for each remote in the Wii's controller menu?
I would never make that mistake. I wouldn't make any changes in my lifestyle. I would just pay off my debts that are accruing interest. Then I'd throw much of my money into the bank and put the rest into safe, modest investments.  I'd keep working my job and only touch the interest and the money my investments make.
Everything's bigger in Texas.
What is a man? A miserable little pile of secrets!
No one is saying that GoldenEye is perfect. At the time it came out, it was a new and groundbreaking experience. If it were released on the Switch, it would be mainly for nostalgia.  If it had multiplayer, that would be amazing. I would want to see modern dual stick controls, at least.
People used to blow their brains out when carjacked?

I'm confused.
Your CPU will handle all graphics in chrome. If you're CPU is fast enough, you won't notice any difference except your problem going away.
CFW can also allow you to play games that were never released for the 3DS.  Want to play pretty much any SNES or GBA game ever? It can do that too. For example, people wish Mother 3 were released worldwide, but I have the awesome fan translation installed on my 3DS and it plays perfectly.
Hardmod is still possible, but there's no reason for it. Any software they put out is exploitable. There is code in the device that can't be changed that has an exploit.
Now when I hit that part of the game, I dance between the arrows. Then I cheese the one off the ledge and run for my life. It's so shitty.
What's the last example?
The core algorithm would be simple enough to code. I've done work with processing text before. It's the other stuff, like removing transitions, that would be more difficult.
Thanks for the update! I'll install it as soon as I get home.  Thanks for fixing that
They should have to prove that you bought the house with drug money. As it is, they'll take relatives houses for selling grams of weed in them. Fuck civil asset forfeiture.
I'm pretty sure there is standup of him mock-masturbating. So, entire crowds of people have thought about it at the same time.
How else can I let someone know that I like them?
I bring my grandpa, but he has to sit a few tables away because he has a bad habit of whipping it out and just going at it.
It's standup.  He's explained before that these interactions are just bullshit that he's imagined after a real life situation.  I can't find the clip, but I imagine what you're talking about is one of those instances.
It almost is: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUGdIrOdkvc
"He does what he says"?

What has he done?  Maybe he's talking about sexually assaulting women.
Yeah, I have an old phone that's now completely google-free.  I used F-Droid for pretty much everything there.

The ug Unified NLP thing I was talking about is something that kind of replaces Google Play Services.  A lot of apps use Google to do geolocation stuff based off of network data.  This thing is an open source replacement that can use many different location services.  This way apps can still function, but won't be sending Google your location data.
There are studies that link racism to having a lower IQ, but that's not really what I meant.  I meant that apparently he repeatedly was filmed making racist comments.  Maybe he's just that confident about it, but most people tend to be more discreet with their racism.
That's all true.  I'm just not sure how much of that is really his doing.  If he had come from nothing, I'd be about 100% sure that the person has had a big part of their own success.  Trump's business has a verifiable past of ripping people off and having serious financial trouble.  He even burned so many bridges that just one bank would give him the million dollar loans he needed to keep his company running.

As for the TV show, it isn't as though he created it.  They needed someone to act like a bigshot asshole.  I'd love to see what unedited footage exists from his time there.  Apparently he was known to be a bit of a crazy racist.  

His current behavior makes me question his competency.  Maybe it's dementia.  If he's always been this way, the man has problems.
Thanks man.  Good call :)
Absolutely.
In this case, it's classifying the software as "potentially unwanted."  That's not much of blow to their reputation.
That's the unfortunate truth. I've never been hassled while walking down the street, but one friend of mine has been stopped and searched more times than he can count. He was almost shot once because he went jogging in sweats.
Getting pulled over terrifies me. I had a police officer comment on my nervousness and start asking if I'm on drugs, do I have weapons, etc. All the while his hand is on his gun and he's standing like he's about to start shooting. 

So whatever you do, don't get nervous. If you get nervous, they might kill you. 

Hope that helps.
When I get pulled over, I always am sure to jump out of my car and quickly pull my wallet out so I don't waste his time.
Jesus Christ. Any chance this was America?
Out of curiosity, do you use Google Play Services, or have you moved to ug UnifiedNLP?
I get that they wanted to make the control schemes to be similar. This is just a wish. Especially when the joycons are docked to the Switch.  I don't want to be flinging my whole console around to do some moves.
My bad. For some reason I was imagining it was a dry substance just because it's sulfur.
Thanks for the info on mustard gas.  I didn't know it was fine powder and not an actual gas.
That would mean he's of average intelligence.  I really, really don't want to believe half of the world is dumber than Trump.
I did the same thing. It was huge, but I loved it. I've since moved to a Moto Z Play. It has amazing battery life. I even have a battery add-on that adds about an extra 20%. A normal day only has my phone go down to 80% battery remaining.

The phone isn't amazingly fast, but every app runs well plus it has SD card storage.
What the fuck. Android Police has an ad that redirected me to some fake virus bullshit that pushes users to install this awful app : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.apps.power.super.clean.boost.master

Warming: don't install!
Agreed.  I can count the number of times I've pulled off a successful upwards cap throw on my hands.
It's really beautiful
Are you opening it in Chrome? Hitting open in app works perfectly for me.
It is, but there are wasted buttons with a pro controller.  I'd love to be able to assign them to moves.
It really doesn't affect what he's talking about.  Basically, if net neutrality would be gone, companies could do things that would save them money.  Pai is saying that if they could save money, they could pass those savings along to poorer people by offering cheaper services. 

Comcast isn't known for lowering rates for their customers. So he's full of shit.

tl;dr: he wants more money and is talking about trickle-down economics.
My cancer coming back.
We were just in campaign meetings. I never met him. 

-Page's actual logic
I'm now just picturing them all looking like Charlie on It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, huffing spray paint fumes in the dark. It really fits with Trump's behavior.
Fuck these people for being so cowardly as to do this anonymously. If you want to be racist, stand up and proclaim it proudly so the rest of us can avoid you.
I wonder if they offer other products where a piece of food isn't 100g. That's most likely why this happened.
One of the oldest stories known to man.
The problem comes when they eventually push everyone to these types of plans and stop offering unlimited universal data.

Data costs vary differently depending on the area. If this plan was offered in where you are, you'd probably only get to save about $10 CAD.
I love the idea. Make the world's biggest helicopters that fly out to the wind farm. Maybe we can put wheels on them so they can drive themselves back.
I'm completely in favor of this. In fact, I feel we should have a single payer system that makes it so that people can get any help they need and don't need to choose between their health and food/shelter/etc. Anything less and someone somewhere will have to make a terrible choice. 

I'd also like to see some changes where people don't get punished for taking time off work to deal with their own health or their family's. I consider this to be basic human decency.
I had Straight Talk and dealt with it first hand. My phone showed 2G / edge as its connection. Unfortunately, I honestly couldn't tell you the speed. No webpages could load. Even dedicated speed test apps wouldn't work. I only know I actually had a connection because I'd sporadically get one or two push notifications.
> It probably doesn't help him that his nuclear test-[mountain] is now collapsing and releasing radiation, etc.

I hadn't heard about this.  That's interesting.  For anyone else who wants a source on this, here's an article: https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/after-six-tests-the-mountain-hosting-north-koreas-nuclear-blasts-may-be-exhausted/2017/10/20/ccdfa016-b50d-11e7-9b93-b97043e57a22_story.html
This is awesome.  I love how simply the logic parts work.  It's ingenious.  I stumbled into creating a stabilized ship.

I threw $20 to the kickstarter.  This game needs to happen.  
We have that in the US.  There are mobile providers that basically don't count certain sites towards their bandwidth caps.  We also have pretty much every mobile provider offering "unlimited" data which throttles speeds down to uselessness after hitting a bandwidth cap. That last bit about throttling isn't technically net neutrality, but it is shitty.
I completely agree with what you just said. If we had a better safety net for people, we could drastically reduce violence and drug use at the same time.  If everyone just had free access to healthcare, it would change so much.  Obamacare is just a half measure.  There are still people who are just too poor or don't want to buy it.
I'm so glad there are some companies that profit from net neutrality.  If net neutrality was something that was only good for customers, it would have been destroyed years ago.
I agree the way which we treat these violent people in the media is terrible.  But I also think it would be a good thing to take away guns from people who have shown that they can be a harm to themselves or others.  I think the laws that already exist for this need to be better enforced, and I also think there are some situations that require new laws.  That's just my opinion.  I'm only sharing my opinion just to clarify my previous statement, not because I think I'm right or anything.

While we may not agree on what needs to be done, I think we can definitely agree that how we're currently handling these events isn't working.  Right now gun lobbyists are happy to kill any discussion of changes because they're making too much money from the status quo.
It's already in the EU, I'm sorry to say.

https://qz.com/1114690/why-is-net-neutrality-important-look-to-portugal-and-spain-to-understand/

There's a mobile ISP already cutting up the internet and selling bundles of sites.
Okay, so it came about more organically than it being created only to be sold.  I wouldn't consider this to be a gross mischaracterization though.  The headline isn't clear about what you're talking about, but I don't think that's a problem with the original story.  That's only important because of how the person in the image is reacting to the story.

I think the actual story is well-balanced and fair.  It doesn't do anything to try to cast the school as being opportunistic or evil.  Check it out:  

http://www.cnn.com/2017/11/07/health/bulletproof-panels-backpacks-trnd/index.html?sr=twCNN110717bulletproof-panels-backpacks-trnd0459PMStory
We have to find a solution to gun violence.  Obviously, the solution can have nothing to do with regulating guns.

Edit: strange, I've gotten a message that I've been banned from this sub.
As long as the person isn't out there screaming slurs, they can pretend that they have some other, principled reason for doing these things. That's the goal. As long as they don't completely anger and motivate the opposing side more, the dog whistle has served its purpose.
He's not talking about two screens.  Imagine your vision is just one single screen.  Look at something in the distance.  Now where does your nose appear to be?  It appears to be on the edges of your vision.  Yeah, your nose is technically in the middle if you laid out your eyes vision separately.  But if you partially overlay them, as our vision does, the two halves are split and slid over each other.
Yeah.  I can imagine lifting it.  But then I can see any wind catching the blade and just making it impossible to fly.
They absolutely dwarf those trucks.  Helicopters are awesome, but not that awesome.
Twitter is a constant stream of bullshit.  Who would ever fight to keep up to date on it?
I'm just fucking dead now.
Oh, that.
Thanks for spreading word of this sub. I'll be sure to check it out. It's good to have some people on top of this shit.
I don't think those look that terrible.  Definitely not Spectacles bad.
me too thanks
The weird shit about Weinstein hiring ex-mossad to fuck with his rape victims puts him so far above and beyond Spacey.  I think it's just that the public is much more familiar with Spacey.
No shit.  
I think you and Wil are making the same point. That is that prayer isn't the solution to these issues. There are too many people that act as though praying is actually doing something useful.
The tl;dr of this is that some file:// links can cause the system to connect directly to web servers. This was a bug that wasn't found being used in the wild, so it shouldn't have affected anyone.  Also, this bug never affected anyone using something like TAILS, Whonix, or the sandboxed version of the Tor browser.
If you can't turn it on, there isn't much you can do to clear the data in a way that is non-destructive.
While it isn't as bad as a keylogger, all of the Cortana and meta data shit that is being sent is unnerving. I don't like having an operating system that reports on my habits for any reason.
Completely agreed. Most of the time, it won't benefit you at all. Thankfully I worked at a place where everyone could do this and we shared our shortcuts.
That may be, but these people would still exist even if their religion never did. That said, I absolutely believe it is in our nature to be superstitious. We have complex brains and try to find links between cause and effect. I just wish people didn't ruin each other's lives on behalf of invisible people.
Where would we be if we couldn't inflict our arbitrary beliefs on other people?
Yeah, I got that.  I was mainly trying to figure out what generation behaved that way for weed.

I'll be happy when it's legalized.  You don't see people wearing stereotypical Russian clothing because they like vodka.
We could do what some other countries do and make it so that political advertising money is something that is doled out by the government. This way everyone gets equal funding.  

I don't consider campaign contributions to be speech.
We've done everything we can to destroy our infrastructure.  We've fallen behind in education and funding.  The majority of what our legislature does is to further private corporate interests and get elected.  

Now people are lucky to have a job that can get them from paycheck to paycheck. For too many people the idea of buying or building their own house is as unrealistic as buying a new Lamborghini. 

The government has stopped being for the people.
I'm surprised.  I would have thought these behaviors would be something younger people would be doing.
I agree. This might be someone's legitimate statement after detecting, but I'm questioning the quality of their information. This just seems like some genetic anti North Korea propaganda.
Shit, I don't have time for either of those things.

I don't hang out with dealers and I smoke because chemo is a bitch.

If this is your experience, can I ask what your age is?
That's exactly what I'm talking about. Changing the ToS for future events. You've never opened up an app and had to agree to a new ToS?
It is a policy.  Google "Uber cleaning fee."

I'm just saying they could easily update their terms and conditions and make a theft punishment something users must agree to.
YO MAN, GOT THAT GOOD FOUNTAINHEAD SHIT. FIRE AF HMU
That sounds more like a heroin dealer.
Bullshit.  If I throw up in someone's car, I can be automatically charged.  They could do the same here.  They could just have the punishment for theft be an automatic loss of $1000.
2+2 != 2
"lol troll le world. tasty salt"
They called Obama unpresidential for wearing a tan suit and eating dijon mustard.  
> Recorded without his knowledge and plastered all over the media for the world to see. 

Who cares?  The problem is that it happened, not how it was recorded.  He's bragging about sexual assault.
These questions really show that you don't understand the tax.
But this is a loss of income, not an increase in spending.

/S
I completely agree, especially since there are controllers that don't have the same layout for buttons (I'm looking at you, Xbox). I always flip the buttons around at first.
Maybe he just wanted to shoot himself in the head instead of being peppered to death.
Or, and this is just me being crazy, we could try to get the government to help people who are mentally ill.
Fuck me.  That's twice today I've replied to someone saying something dumb and been told that it's a meme. 
WHERE'S WALLACE, STRING?!
I consider myself properly nerd shamed. My bad.  I was just repeating what I've heard said here many times.  
The other person who replied to you explained what is really going on.  

Sublimation is when a material goes from solid to gas.
That's interesting.  I'm sorry for the misunderstanding.  I don't know how to help with that. I've never used any google accounts where I wasn't the administrator of them.  

I'd recommend just exporting the bookmarks and forwarding the email to a google account you own.  Fuck letting people spy on you.
On your home computer, you should have full control over extensions.  You can choose to not sync them so they're never installed in the first place.  Another option is to just uninstall them after you've logged in.

Do either of these options not work?
Yeah.  You won't be able to remove them from the school computer.
I think the idea is that hitting A involves a push and release.
In the options menu, there's a place to choose what to sync when logging in. See if extensions are an option you can uncheck.
Try opening your device manager and seeing if there is any device with problems there. Also, have you tried restarting your computer?
You really should have an Nvidia card for best performance with this. Sorry, but that seems to be the case. I have an old 900 series that runs it perfectly.
Could you elaborate? What problems do you have with it?
Why can't they do something better? For instance, maintain a list of recently posted songs and put a time limit on how long until it can be posted again.
That's a painkiller.
People have said that the explosives used to kill her look like someone outside of Malta.
For just starting out, the SouthOrd kit would probably do.  Although, I wish it came with another hook and a top of the keyway tension tool.
I haven't used split joycons, but I use the pro controller's motion controls.  I don't have any issue doing any of the motion control moves.
You inferred it.  There's a difference.
If he didn't want to get shot, he shouldn't have convulsed after getting tased.  When they tell you to freeze,  you freeze.
I thought Ivankas would be some amount of mmHg for measuring blood pressure.  That way it can be used to measure the president's tumescence. 

"President Trump seems to have a half chub in the Russian piss video."

"Yes, it seems he's at about .5 Ivankas."
I think he means the opposite.  Adoptive parents would be family since they're loving and raising the child.  On the other hand, someone whose only connection is DNA isn't family.
Shaq was fed up with us mere mortals and decided to melt a man with his gaze.
He was a lich. He came back from the dead, worked magic, and was all about people drinking his blood. Guy just had better PR than Vlad.
It sure feels like it, but I'll be damned if it doesn't look good.
That's what he means by opposite.
> came in a little behind

Goddamn, reddit.
I was just considering binary in terms of mathematics, not any sort of programming implementation.
I think he's referring to a republican filing as a democrat to get votes.
Do you have a link to help with this?
It depends on which way it goes.  If the Republican party starts becoming more like Trump, it would be horrifying.  If more people voted regularly, Republicans would be forced to move more towards the center.
I don't see the big issue.  I wouldn't even consider this to be "promoting Marx and Engels."
It would be 1011, then 1100, 1101, 1110, 1111, 10000.

Think of it like regular addition.  You carry a 1 over to the next column when you've gone past all of the numbers that can fit in your current column.  In decimal, you carry a 1 over when the current column sums to a number greater than 9.  In binary, you carry over a 1 when the current column sums to a number greater than 1.
Every time he goes on Twitter to respond to something, he has to call the person or thing a failure.
Every time Trump replies to something like this in a tweet, he has to call them a failure. It really says a lot about the man.
Brad and Janet...
This is cool. Does Minecraft on the switch utilize the motion controls at all?  Also, I notice this is in creative mode. Is survival mode included in the game as well?
Now I'm imagining someone creating an accidental flamethrower, blowing flaming liquid back on the bartender.
That's my thinking exactly. I actually folded and bought one of their stupid fire sticks. Until now I've just been using VideoStream and streaming anything that's on Prime Video.
Is it possible to see a picture of it closed? At least the hinge part, in order to see how it closes.
Definitely do not purchase from anyone who is selling something that comes with roms preinstalled.  They're ripping you off and you don't know what else they may have put on your device.

I won't repeat what other people have said, but I can say that Euronymous316 listed all of the hardware you need and MrAbodi sent a good link for getting the right software onto your SD card

RetroPie is free software.  Don't get tricked into paying for it.
Person of Interest is a great show. Enjoy!
Screw RIP. I still use it for certain things. It does well for being a network tool around the house.
There are other meaningful comments.  The problem is that when someone recognizes a quote from a movie, they upvote it because they liked the movie.  So our top comments get to be movie spam.
It's a good kit.  I wish it had a deforest diamond, but otherwise it's a great starting place.  SouthOrd is a quality company.
Goso isn't terrible.  The main issue is that the picks are a little unfinished.  You can smooth them out yourself with a little sandpaper.  

When you find yourself needing picks of different thicknesses, then I recommend checking out Peterson lockpicks.
These versions weren't released all at once. A director's cut isn't impossible.
You could benefit from better cooling. Your CPU shouldn't get that hot when running at 100%.
Salvador is great. He's a heavy hitter. He's very straight forward to play.
You haven't shown me anything to get.
That isn't the case for all transgender people. Even if it is the case, it should be assessed on a case by case basis.
I'm saying it's a self ascribed term. When people are calling themselves alt right, what else should people call them? A derogative term would be Nazi scum. I'm just saying it's fucked up for them to turn around and try to drag their opponents down to their level by calling them alt left, like they're equal.

If there term alt right has a bad connotation, it's because people don't like white supremacists.
It says coming first, meaning it's going elsewhere later. Probably going to both the Xbox and Switch.
You can have them.  If you install custom firmware on your 3DS, you can have all of the GBA games you want on there.  I'm playing Mother 3 and Advance Wars 1 and 2 on it.

Check out /r/3dshacks
No.  The "alternative right" was a phrase invented by conservatives.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alt-right#Etymology

The phrase "alt-left" had its first big mainstream use by Trump when trying to defend neo-nazis and claim blame was shared on all sides in Charlottesville. 
Have you seen him walk up stairs?  Dude looks like he's wearing a diaper.
If doing something requires administrator privileges, you'll get asked if you want to use them.

Some folder are limited to being changed by TrustedInstaller.  For those, you need to go in and give administrators access.  Those ones aren't meant to be touched by anyone.
> Spacey came out as gay in the last couple of days I guess to dodge potential sexual harassment charges?

He came out as gay because a guy got into the news saying Spacey drunkenly forced himself on him when he was 14.  I don't think it was to dodge the charges.  He was just addressing a guy saying he tried to have sex with him.
> alt-left

Don't fall into the trap of using this name.  The alt-right created to push the idea that there's a similar group on the left and that they're equally bad.  It's BS and using it is like calling the pro-choice movement "pro abortion."
Drugs are usually cut as one of the last steps before being sold to users. Those drug dealers don't make that much. Also, it's common for them to get supplies by making trades with drug users. Drug users certainly don't have the money.
To be fair, he kind of tested the waters first before making a move.
If you installed a theme, he might notice if everything was bright pink. 

I think the better solution would be to create a new user in Windows. This way you can log out when you're done.
PGP is great for that. All simple symbols. The encrypted text isn't that long.
I was just joking about you saying cough medicine. Sudafed is a decongestant, not cough medicine.