GSP?
Probably better just to build it with a 42" TV in the middle. 
Kevin Feige built the MCU in a cave, outta scraps!
I'm currently a Verizon customer who was thinking of jumping ship to TMO, but now that the announcement of the deal has been made and TMO is allowing Sprint to roam on their networks starting now, I think my best bet is to bring my and my wife's iPhone 6s's to Sprint on this deal. We just finished our last device payment. My wife doesn't really care about having a new phone, but my plan would be to ride out this deal and buy a new iPhone when they drop in September through Apple's IUP. At that time, I'd lose the free voice/data on my iPhone, but my wife's should remain, yes?

Does that sound reasonable?
Look for the Khomo - I have the 12.9" version without a screen cover so it can work my Smart Keyboard (they sell both with and without a screen cover) and it's great. I think it runs around $20 on Amazon and comes in a few color options.
I'm guessing it was the player furthest to the left? She seems especially pleased with herself. 
Nice, thanks!
The brass and leather fob next to your BMW key.
What's the key fob?
Nice, mine is the same with a couple of swaps. I have black Victorinox Compact and an Apple Watch, but otherwise, this is pretty similar to my EDC. 
On the one hand, the big four is becoming the big three. I get what they're saying about it really being the big seven/eight due to wireless broadband from Comcast, Charter, etc.   

On the other hand, Sprint and T-Mobile have been poaching each other's customers back and forth with the main draw being price instead of network quality. The new combined T-Mobile will be more of a direct competitor for Verizon and AT&T. Will it continue to be seen as a value player? I think it will until they build their 5g network and after that, there is much less incentive to be the low-cost leader.
I recently replaced my kitchen scale that could only do 1g and shut off after two minutes with [this HuiSite coffee scale](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B071J3YXFH/) for $23. It is accurate to .1g, includes a timer, and has a handy removable silicone cover. The best part is the auto-off is four minutes, which is great for when I'm making coffee and breakfast at the same time. I've only had it two weeks so far, but I'm really enjoying it. 
Very nice! I went back to university last year at age 38 after dropping out at 19. My exams are next week. Wish me luck!
Do this and also book a spa session for the three of them somewhere downtown in the middle of the day to get your pregnant wife off of her feet for an hour to break up the day.
Nice! We need to compile a stickied post with all of these commands. 
>The new County Square's square footage will be about 10 percent less than the county's old space, but it will continue to house core county services such as public works, property records, tax collections and the council's regular meetings. Kirven anticipated groundbreaking on County Square in the next 12 to 18 months.

>"They are going to start the process of building the new County Square," Councilman Joe Dill said. "Then they are going to start developing all the land around it."

>The public health department, family court, Department of Motor Vehicles and state departments of juvenile justice and social services will be moved. Where they go has not yet been determined, Kirven said, though county officials are scouting out possibilities.

AKA, all the governmental functions that detract from the brand image of downtown Greenville. Isn't this at least 50% of the current usage of the campus? It's 10% larger, but they're losing the bulk of the departments currently housed there. 
excellent, thank you!
Reddit is making it really difficult to speak easy about our vices, right cats? 
It would be great if Penguin would buy the rights from Routledge and reprint an edition for the mass-market and not academic pricing. 
I'm not a rap music fan. I like a handful of old 80s and 90s rap songs that weren't about street life like The Sugar Hill Gang's 'Rapper's Delight' and Run DMC's "It's Tricky", etc except for the occasional rap that breaks into my world like Eminem's 'Lose Yourself', Hamilton, etc. 

Can someone who is a Kanye fan recommend three songs that I can get an idea of who he is and what his music is like? I want to give the dude a fair shake since I respect what he's doing right now. 
Do you have a link for this? I'm an infrequent reader of Taubes, but I like his stuff, and I'd enjoy watching a dialogue between the two. 
I think a lot of it also has to do with the GM who was a very well regarded Starbucks manager for years. He sets a great example for his crew.
We're getting Harris Teeter back in Greenville this year, after they left the city 20 years ago. I'm looking forward to shopping there again, since that's where we shop when we visit relatives in Delaware.
Of course, on the other hand, sometimes there is a franchise employer that can be as generous, if not more than Starbucks corporate. We have a local company that operates 5-10 hotels, and the Starbucks in their flagship hotel routinely poaches some of the best employees from the corporate stores in the city. All of them seem pretty happy with their pay, hours, and benefits. 

That said, in general, I would agree with your summation of the Target/airport/grocery store employees. 
Related tip: I like having Siri respond audibly to my commands some of the time (when I'm driving especially) but not at other times (when I am at work). There's a toggle in the Siri settings so that Siri only responds audibly when the ring/silent switch is toggled to ring. Perhaps I was the only person who didn't know about this, but it was a definite improvement to my user experience. 
Ah okay, that makes sense. 
There is room for both. I would say the former eclipses the latter and makes the phrase a useful shorthand, but you are correct. The difference I see is that I don't normally need to talk about the latter with my friends and family, but I often find myself having to reiterate the former. "The SJW who cried Nazi" illustrates the point well. Like you said, it is a bad habit to replace nuance with excessive metaphor, but at times it is a useful construct.
> Don't be the boy who cried wolf, or in modern terms, don't be the SJW who cried Nazi.

Is this a thing? Because if it isn't, it really should be.
I get that. My comment was in reference to the fact that C-16 (the bill that JBP came into prominence outside of academia while fighting) has a much lower number than C-36. Since OP mentioned C-36 came out immediately after 9/11, this made me ask if C-16 had been in the works for a long time or had a reused number. 
Do the bill numbers get reused or has Bill C-16 been in the works for a really long time?
Nice! Thanks for the info. Eventually, when we're in the house there at least part time I want to look into learning to properly surf fish, go crabbing, etc. I'm not much of a 'lay on the beach' kind of guy, especially when the wind is coming in from the bay. 
Or as 4th century St. Athanasius put it, "God became man so that man could become like God."
Go check out the recent episodes of the [Mac Power Users](www.relay.fm/mpu) podcast. The cohost, [David Sparks](www.macsparky.com) just published a video field guide that isn’t free ($20) but will probably give you exactly what you want instantly in depth with very good video tutorials without having to fool around with reading 30+ blog posts or 250 Reddit threads. 
Exactly! I struggled a lot at first and it doesn’t come quite as easily now, but I am in the top 5% of all of my classes. Hopefully that will remain constant as I sit my exams next week! Two more years to go, and onto my Masters. Excelsior!
Excellent, thank you for the information. We travel to Bethany every other year or so for a week (never during tourist season), but I've never had an opportunity to really get to know it. The grocery store is the Harris Teeter, right? We always try to hit the bbq chicken cookout at the fire station and get some crabs at (Steamers?). My FIL has a surf fishing permit and sometimes we borrow his truck and go out on the beach at DE Seashore State Park. 
I'm taking the middle road--I was a 19-year old college dropout who needed twenty years of life experience and returned to university last year to begin a Literature degree at age 38. Exclesior!
Hey man, I know the feeling. I threw away all of my twenties and just went back to college last year at 38. It's not too late. Get at it!
What's it like living in Bethany Beach? My wife's grandparents have a house in Salt Pond that we'll end up inheriting one day and I'm trying to figure out if we want to live there full-time or just rent it out until we retire. We're in our 30s, so that will be a while. 
If you have a nearby Apple store, I suggest going in and trying the Smart Keyboard, the Magic Keyboard, and the Logitech keyboards that Apple sells to see what works best for you. 

I much preferred the Smart Keyboard over the Logitech option for my 12.9. I don't like that the Smart Keyboard does not have a function row (mostly for the media controls and escape key), and it's not as nice as typing on my Magic Keyboard. The Logitech was too bulky for me and since I touch type I don't really care about backlighting. If I'm going to be writing for a long session, I will bring my Magic Keyboard but the Smart Keyboard is perfectly fine. 
Edit - perhaps not kicked off if mine is connected already, but if we both get in the car at the same time, it connects to hers by default each time. 
I always provide three choices of places that I want to go. That way, it's her choice but I've limited the scope of that choice so that a satisfactory outcome is more likely.
There definitely is. It doesn't matter if I've been driving the car on my commute all week, as soon as my wife gets in the car on Saturday, it auto-pairs to her phone over mine. 
Yep, and when I do I'll report back here so future people in a similar situation will be able to search this thread. 
It doesn't, mine is listed second but is alphabetically first. 

I am assuming it goes in order of being paired, but I figured someone here would probably know the right answer before I began exploring. 
Upvote for referencing both Lewis and Orwell. 
Does anyone have a clip to this part? I've only seen the above section of the interview. I guess I need to watch the entire program on HBOGo.
No need to cast pearls before swine. Peterson realized he was talking with people who mostly came off as talking heads who where ideologically possessed, with the exception of Maher, who seemed to be more open to letting Peterson speak. There's no need to clash heads with these talking heads; that's what they wanted, anyway. 

It's better to score points on issues where he could mostly talk to them as people and not get filtered out by the ideological firewall. This demonstrates that Peterson is a reasonable speaker who is more concerned with an examination of issues and not just score points against the other side. He did much better by refusing to play their game. 

*edit - originally wrote 'ideologically oppressed' instead of 'ideologically possessed'.*
Coffee replicators. "Flat white. Ethiopian yrgacheffe. Hot." 
Except for the female guest who apparently wasn't able to differentiate the non-specific second person "you" from viewing Peterson's remarks about parenting to be specifically about her (since she earlier had to point out she just had a child to give her credibility on the topic). She seemed narcissitic and the WA governor seemed ideologically possessed. Maher interestingly enough came off as a fanboy from how deferential he was to JBP throughout most of the clip.
Weird. Both times I dined at White Taco I thought it was mediocre. 

The proteins tasted like they had just had a sauce spooned over them instead of being properly marinated.  I liked the pork belly taco there and my wife loved the Mexican creme brulee dessert, but everything else seemed lackluster. 

I haven't tried Farmhouse yet, I don't get down to TR very often. We normally go to Gringo's Cantina for Taco Tuesdays. Nothing seems to hold up to La Ventana Magica, but I don't think they're coming back anytime soon. The old Local Taco wasn't wonderful, but their Korean BBQ tacos were amazing. 
Where's your go-to for tacos? Farmhouse?
>  Just buy a cake pop or something man, it's a business, c'mon.

Right. I'm known to spend several hours working at *$, but I make sure I'm buying something at least every other hour. Normally, I'll go in and buy a coffee, get a free refill an hour later, and then go back for another free refill and buy a pastry or whatnot. By then if I'm still working there, I'll buy a different drink or a sandwich. If you can't spend $2-10, go find a public library. 
I'm happy with my 2013 but would prefer a Gen 2 mostly for CarPlay and added mileage. I don't plan on upgrading any time soon though. 
It's kind of like a Volt tramp stamp. 
Looks great! Did you follow a tutorial or just open the app and start messing around?
I assume you purchased it directly from the publisher? Amazon shows it is currently unavailable. 
This is what I do. It works fine, but I wish I could do this with Siri. "Hey Siri, connect my AirPods to my Macbook." 
Gotcha, that makes sense, but it's still kind of funny when one thinks of the sexual suggestiveness of a rocket taking off. 
1. I'm assuming that a rocket blasting off as symbolizing NoFap is meant ironically. I'm familiar with the concept, but haven't spent any time on the sub, so I guess it's an inside joke? 

2. Why that haircut?
That's abzurd.
Excellent, thank you for the information!
My children are allowed iPad minis, but not smartphones. The camera works well for them when they want to take photos of lego sculptures, cool bugs, or chalk drawings. The top-of-the-line camera assemblies that will find their way into the iPad Pro line would have a measurable impact to the production cost, but the basic cameras in the standard iPad line are essentially older assemblies from a prior iPhone generation or two, so I don't think that would have an appreciable impact given their potential utility. 
The King in Yellow told me to do it. 
There's definitely a danger in overcrowding the front, you want to preserve the aesthetic you've established and too many icons would get in the way visually. I'd suggest scanning them as-is and then experiment with various options at varying levels of opacity. I think silverpoint could work well for the text side to match your aesthetic. And I like your measurement scale on the call lightning cloud! It looks like something out of a Ben Franklin journal. 
If you're near Little Five Points, check out Vortex Burgers, it's the place with a 7-foot skull as the front door. Amazing burgers.  

Spartanburg needs another BMW-type industry on the opposite side of the city. Greenville is growing like gangbusters, and there's no reason that Spartanburg and Anderson can't funnel that into their own improvement.  

I live in Pickens County and one of the interesting things to me is how many of the small textile mill towns in the Upstate have retrofitted themselves into ready-made suburbs with existing schools, medical care, etc for people who work in Greenville. 
It depends on how generous you're being with the definition of espresso. You can't technically do so because espresso is a method of forcing pressurized heated water through finely-ground beans. That level of ground beans would pass right through most French Press filters and you'd end up with a half-inch of silt at the bottom of your cup as though you were drinking Turkish coffee.    

If your question is really, "can I get really strong coffee that I can use to make a faux latte" then yes, you can do this with a French Press. Have a greater beans-to-water ratio and let it steep longer. You'll be better off with a $20-30 Moka pot though if this is your goal. 
Agreed. I go every couple of years or so just to see how it's faring when I'm in Spartanburg, but I've been disappointed the last several times I've been there. Seems like an institution whose time has passed and is fading into obscurity. Too bad it couldn't pull off what The Varsity in Atlanta did. 
Is the idea to have the illustration on one side and the spell text on the back? I like it, it would be nice to have UI elements that indicate the spell level and casting time so casting characters can have these awesome illustrations in front of them but still be able to see what action and spell level they are so they don't have to constantly flip them over to read the text. PCs could make a very interesting tarot-like spread in front of them with their available spells. 
That's kind of like asking if you can make a cheesecake on your charcoal grill. 
I loved The Beacon in the 90s, but it seems like the food and service have gotten worse over the years. Perhaps that is nostalgia, but others report similar anecdotal findings. 
When people ask me what summer in South Carolina is like, I tell them to imagine a large dog breathing in their face all day. Columbia is even worse, it's hundreds of square miles of dirty concrete that act as a thermal battery. 
Just don't move where you'd need to regularly pass the I-385/Woodruff Road intersection...that's going to continue to be a problem for a while. 
It seems like a great city if you are financially independent, but the only industries seem to be hospitals, timber management, and service industry. Lots of cool independent restaurants, bars, cafes though. It's kind of like a trendy NYC suburb without Wall Street and Manhattan around to provide day jobs for the people who live in TriBeCa and Greenwich Village. 
I have! It's a great place!   

My family and another family got together in Hendersonville for a day and I got to hang out there with my male buddies while my wife and his wife took the kids to the Kid's Museum (we had the kids earlier through the lapidary museum and antique stores). The other highlights of that day were Haus Edelweiss and McFarland's Bakery. 
It's hard to live in the city if you're not a Trustafarian. I live in Greenville but enjoy visiting Asheville and Hendersonville. 
More than one, there is also [Earthskills](https://www.earthskillsllc.com/), I've gone to one of their free knife-sharpening classes. Seemed like a decent dude. 
Gotcha. Honestly, I thought transsexual was a term that was considered inappropriate these days. The word itself makes me conjure a mental image of Tim Curry in RHPS. Good luck to you. 
At least they're shown a tendency to recreate famous blends that have departed. I could see them making [Floating Log's Cellar](http://lotr.wikia.com/wiki/Frogmorton) someday or hopefully stealing their recipe for Blue Mountain. 
I've only picked up Miskatonic Mixture so far. I'm looking forward to using the tin to hold tokens for my Arkham Horror board game once I'm finished smoking it. 
How about /r/TransNotPawns, where you would maintain that being trans isn't about being a pawn in someone else's political game while also pointing out how SJW types are using and abusing trans folks who just want to pass for cis.  
It seems like there's enough similar-minded people in just this thread  (at least three others that identify as trans*) that you should consider making a sub to discuss these issues and also provide a platform where inquisitive people can ask respectful questions. 
That's good to hear! Have you written up your story anywhere? I'm guessing there are a lot of 19/20/21 year olds who were in your same situation who might find it valuable to read. 
Keep fighting the good fight, bucko!
Next, you're going to go kick a cat when you encounter it on the street. 
Agreed, this is one of the **very few** ways that Twitter should be more like Facebook.
Can an aircraft carrier go through the Panama Canal? If not, that would be a hindrance to mobility that a helicarrier would not have. 
MREs.
There are several types of reading strategies. Sometimes, a surface-level reading where you quickly scan through content is called for. At other times, you will need to buckle in and go through dense material with a pencil and dictionary app in hand. Reading literature versus philosophy versus scientific literature all has variations of technique, but there are a few strategies that apply across the board:  
* **Look at the Table of Contents** - that is how the writer/editor planned out this book to make it as easy as possible to disseminate the information to the average reader. The ToC can tell you where the bulk of the content lies, the chapter and section headings can clue you in on the arguments the author makes. This is the skeleton of the book.  
* **Read the author's introduction** - if a book is well structured, the introduction will serve to encapsulate the overall arguments presented in the book and set the state on what you should expect to learn from reading the book. Read the full introduction even if you plan on scanning through the body of the book.   
* **Read the full conclusion** - this applies mostly if you've scanned through the body of the book and not read it fully. The conclusion if written well will resummarize the essential points of the book.  
* **Come to terms with the author** - as you read the introduction and conclusion, make sure you properly understand what the author means by their usage of terminology. Before you know if you can agree with the author's view of feminism (for example), you will need to know what kind of feminism that author is espousing and what it means to them. There is a lot of difference between Christina Hoff-Sommers and Helene Cixous. Make sure you have come to terms with the author so you can properly understand their arguments.   

There are other suggestions I could post, but they would be stolen from [How to Read a Book](https://www.amazon.com/How-Read-Book-Classic-Intelligent/dp/0671212095/) by Mortimer Adler just like all of the above advice was stolen from that excellent book. 
I think it came out for regular purchase in silver at roughly the same time as the iMac Pro came out which included the space gray extended magic keyboard. 
They didn't have it in Bluetooth until last year though when they replaced the wired keyboard with number pad with the Extended Magic Keyboard. 
Fair enough. I suspect what may have happened is that the strength of Alexander's opening for the 'Nutshell' post grabbed more than his AR FAQ and I resorted to skimming that document. I find myself in agreement with Alexander's conclusions on the AR FAQ, but I find his defense of Western Civilization in the 'Nutshell" post very persuasive.   

I suppose what I need to do is read both again in more detail to address what was most likely shoddy reading on my part. 
Great. Thanks for letting me know!
Excellent, thank you, I will read that tonight! I appreciate your time. 
(thanks for the heads up on the link, it is now corrected)  
  
I agree about the points you've listed. Perhaps my cognitive dissonance results from the beginning of the 'Nutshell' post where SSC provides what I read as a postive view of Western patriarchy and colonialism talking about how Western societies themselves and not the gender or ethnicity of the Westerners was shown as an objectively positive force even though it did not always have positive results for some members of those societies. To be honest, this point of view resonated very well with me. I am currently reading a plethora of critical theory texts that ascribe most societal ills to have been the machinations of the Patriarchy and to read a cohesive, well-formulated defense of colonialism and Western civilization was very refreshing.   
  
Perhaps I am not familiar enough with SSC to attribute to the author the kind of intellectual integrity that would make the best-case example of their claims while the critique of the conclusions from that claim (the points that you brought up with your post) did not seem to be as eloquently argued.   

I'm not ready to sign-up for a neo-Monarchy or whatever Moldbug means by "Demotist", but I'm on board with SSC's defense of the utility of Western Civilization that made up the core of the 'nutshell' post. I think the top 3/4 of the 'nutshell' post seems to find SSC arguing for the utility of the type of Western Civilization that Reactionaries proclaim while not agreeing with their conclusions. Am I understanding that point-of-view of the author correctly? 
Since both of you are fans of SSC, please permit me a question. I found that site a while ago when linked to the post critical of the Anti-Reactionary movement, [REACTIONARY PHILOSOPHY IN AN ENORMOUS, PLANET-SIZED NUTSHELL](http://slatestarcodex.com/2013/03/03/reactionary-philosophy-in-an-enormous-planet-sized-nutshell/), and then I read the follow-up piece [THE ANTI-REACTIONARY FAQ](http://slatestarcodex.com/2013/10/20/the-anti-reactionary-faq/), but from my (perhaps limited) understanding of Alexander's writing, the conclusion I drew was that he was making a steelman argument for Neo-Reactionism that was more compelling than his argument against it. Am I missing some kind of critical context? 
Perhaps so. I suspect we will find out before the end of the year. 
It echoes the story Peterson has told several times of the Bolsheviks killing/sending to the gulags the Kulak farmers of the Ukraine that led mass starvation where millions died. 
They did for the extended Magic Keyboard with 10key pad, but the original [Magic Keyboard](https://www.apple.com/shop/product/MLA22LL/A/magic-keyboard-us-english) without a 10key is only showing in silver. 
And other retailers who still have the 2017 model will probably drop their price soon to make way for the new model if they haven't already done so. 
It sounds a bit like the [Paschal Homily of St. John Chyrsostom](https://oca.org/fs/sermons/the-paschal-sermon) but from JBP's Archetypal/Psychological/Gnostic approach. 

Here is the pertinent section from that homily:  
> Enjoy ye all the feast of faith: Receive ye all the riches of loving-kindness. let no one bewail his poverty, for the universal kingdom has been revealed. Let no one weep for his iniquities, for pardon has shown forth from the grave. Let no one fear death, for the Savior’s death has set us free. He that was held prisoner of it has annihilated it. By descending into Hell, He made Hell captive. He embittered it when it tasted of His flesh. And Isaiah, foretelling this, did cry: Hell, said he, was embittered, when it encountered Thee in the lower regions. It was embittered, for it was abolished. It was embittered, for it was mocked. It was embittered, for it was slain. It was embittered, for it was overthrown. It was embittered, for it was fettered in chains. It took a body, and met God face to face. It took earth, and encountered Heaven. It took that which was seen, and fell upon the unseen.

> O Death, where is your sting? O Hell, where is your victory? Christ is risen, and you are overthrown. Christ is risen, and the demons are fallen. Christ is risen, and the angels rejoice. Christ is risen, and life reigns. Christ is risen, and not one dead remains in the grave. For Christ, being risen from the dead, is become the first fruits of those who have fallen asleep. To Him be glory and dominion unto ages of ages. Amen.
Fascinating, thank you for looking that up!
I hope the "Everyone Can Create" curriculum will work like Swift Playgrounds and be open for all to use. I haven't had much of an opportunity to play around with video editing, music creation, or drawing on my iPad and it would be nice to have a structured environment to learn these skills. 
Yep, now we just need to give the Pro line the X-treatment with Face ID and shrunken bezels and the pricing structure should continue to work. 
I'm hoping they will have a new version of the Pencil where the end cap also has a lightning-passthrough so the cap itself can be utilized as an eraser like the [Pencil by FiftyThree](https://www.fiftythree.com/pencil). Incidentally, I wish that stylus had the internals of the Apple Pencil because I love the construction pencil form factor. 
And probably an even bigger screen if it gets the X treatment at WWDC.
Nice, I didn't notice that. I hope they eventually release a space gray version of the non-extended Magic Keyboard. 
Isn't it going to be five books in that series eventually? I'll read through the introductions of both *Antifragile* and *Black Swan* when I have time and pick one out. Thanks for your advice.
I'm also holding onto my 6s Plus until the "X Plus" comes out. Hopefully, 120hz will hit at the same time. Wouldn't it also be awesome if it could support the Pencil as well? 
They need to figure out this out in general with the TV and Music apps, a solution that works on the Apple TV as well. I don't see why it couldn't work the same way as Netflix.
The SixColors.com livestream was excellent. I had it and the MacRumors livestream up and alternated between both. 
My hope was that the HomePod also worked as a mesh router. If that were the case, I would have bought three of them for my house. 
If you haven't already, tweet it to @gruber, @macsparky, @marco, @siracusa, @jsnell, but you may want to wait a day. They're all busily covering the current educational event.
I would love to see Apple embrace these programs for homeschoolers, but I have my doubts they will do so because it doesn't seem to fit the narrative Apple usually promotes. Having Classroom support for a commercial homeschool curriculum (or even the State DOE program my state runs) would be great for parents. I hope it happens. 
Nice work! You should tweet this to several of the prominent Apple bloggers/YTers and see if it generates any buzz. I can see this replacing the current Modular face. 
I want to eventually read about both, but between my University studies and personal interests, I will have to choose one book to read over summer break. Which one is a better representative of his overall work-to-date for someone who wants to *grok* what Taleb is all about?
Good news, but right now I'm just hoping the UK strike resolves before I sit my exams in five weeks! 
It would be interesting to see if other books that sold well, but didn't fit the NYT narrative were listed. IIRC, the reason for not including 12 Rules in the list was because it was published in Canada and not the USA, but sounds like a rule that may be selectively enforced. 
I need to begin reading Taleb. Is *Antifragile* a good starting place, or should I begin with the first book in that series since they seem to be connected?
I'm guessing he probably means more books than "Penguin Canada" has sold. 
Standard YT ad payout rates were around US$1k per 1M views a year ago, but I'm not sure if that is still the case. 
Nice! I wonder what kind of advance he got. I'm fairly certain he's probably earned it out by now and should be receiving royalties. 
That's how I felt at age 20 when The Phantom Menace came out. Hopefully, IW will be a better experience. 
I'm expecting an ePad - pretty much the same as last year's iPad but with Apple Pencil support and a smart connector. Yes, both of things are some of the features that distinguish iPad Pros from normal iPads, but they are both things that would work well for educational usage. iPad Pro keeps the best screen, camera, sound, memory, etc while the ePad is inexpensive, facilitates drawing/handwritten notes, and can be used with a cheaper keyboard case that protects the screen--not the slim $160 Smart Keyboard, but a $70 hardshell keyboard case that connects to the smart connector.   

Along with that, probably a new version of school deployment MDM and ClassKit for teachers to send/receive/grade assignments, updates to Swift Playgrounds, and maybe updates to media-related educational apps like GarageBand, iMovie, etc. 
Haha. Fair enough. 
Riflemate is good people. I'm sure you'd get good info from him. If you have any Orthodox-specific questions, feel free to hit me up or go visit r/OrthodoxChristianity.
An excellent core of a library. Please tell us more of your story and how you came to acquire such fine books.
or create a sub for that purpose like /r/roomprogresspics
Very informative, thank you!
From OP's statement, I'm curious how many people pay for private doctors in Europe. If a decent-enough number of people utilize paid doctors for severe illnesses, it seems like it could have effects on the statistics that are not immediately apparent.   

Let's say the health outcomes are measured by the percentage of the population who report a satisfactory outcome--in that case, those who paid for private care might have been included in that number, since they probably see government-funded doctors as well for general illness. Is the 30-50% number merely the cost of the government-funded healthcare or does that also take into account what people spend on top of that for private doctors?  If that figure shows the benefit of the people who have paid for additional healthcare but does not reflect that cost, it could present an incomplete picture. 
At his current level of popularity, I would not be surprised if multiple fans have not already taken this step, but it would be good if he had a "first-party" backup as well. 
I know Rubin/Pageau have both mentioned using the block chain service DTube, so perhaps JBP will do so. Hopefully at some point /u/julianpeterson might chime in, because there are several people who would be happy to help with the process. 
Toccoa and Clayton are both wonderful places, but bring your own job or drive to Atlanta or Greenville, SC. 
My Tom Bihn Synapse 25 is amazing. If I could get it in waxed canvas and leather (like a Duluth Pack) it would be my grail. 
He smoked pipe tobacco on one of the Stephen Crowder interviews and talked about it several times. 
Will this be something that is posted publicly here or sent via PM to those in the know? 
That's a completely different type of random encounter!
It is a Wicked maneuver. 
Right. Setting aside America as an example, it seems to me that, prior to twenty or so years ago, immigrants to the UK, France, Germany, etc. were all encouraged to embrace the cultural values of that country while still celebrating their own ethnic diversity. If you were of Indian or African origin, you still primarily identified as British, French, German, but it seems that lately it has become just as divisive in Western Europe as it has been sincle we gave up the melting pot metaphor for the salad metaphor here in America. 
As a fountain pen user, I didn't even think of it as looking like a western bishop's miter until you pointed that out! Perception is a funny thing. 
Hi, thanks for the response. I can appreciate the difficulty in balancing the various aspects of narrative structure and aesthetic appeal. I'll have to check out your other work. Thanks!
You'll probably be fine. I'm lucky that my dog is older and doesn't chew random things that don't smell like food. Every so often one will fall out while I sleep, but it's usually under my pillow. 
Yeah, if OP is set on having a spear for his scenario, this is probably the best way to incorporate that desire and provide a decent backup fixed-blade. 
ouch! I will occasionally attend a lecture at one of the local universities where a friend is a librarian, and thankfully I've never had an issue using one of their free chargers when parked for a public event. 
Does it remove a lot of the other stuff popularly hated, like the subplot about the Master of Laketown? 
I'm in an interesting loophole--there was a local non-profit for our state that raised funds to install these free L2 chargers in 4 city garages over a decade ago, but all the newer garages are built with chargers from one of the pay-per-charge networks installed. As the chargers need to be replaced, they have been replaced with non-free chargers, so I know this gravy train will come to an eventual end, but I'll ride it as long as it lasts. 
Very interesting, thank you. I find it enjoyable in the same way that a cold shower can be enjoyable once you get over the initial shock. 
Regenerative braking is your friend. Or at least, it's *my* friend. Do you have a charger at work? I'm lucky in that the city garage I park at for work has free L2 chargers. I don't know what your charger situation is at home, but try to make it as easy to plug in once you get home as possible. I neglected to do this for a few months and racked up too many gas miles until I established the habit of leaving my charging cable always set up so all I have to do is get out, pick up the plug next to my garage door, and plug it in. 
I'll have to try that. I dip a raw clove of garlic in honey and eat it once a year, so I'm familiar with the bizarre factor. 
Bacon and fried eggs with sharp cheddar cheese melted on top. 
Well, keep in mind that many adults grew up with Harry Potter and regard those characters in the same way that I regard the works of Tolkien and Lewis. The first book came out in 1997, 21 years ago. They're not epic literature, but they do a good job of presenting the monomyth with a LOT of archetypal figures. The first two books were hard to get through because I was too old for them, but the rest of the series became an enjoyable journey to teach lessons of bravery, loyalty, intellect, and expediousness-when-necessary in the guise of a story about magical British schoolchildren saving the world.  

Sure, it's a little kooky, but no more so than hobbits, wookies, talking lions, super soldiers frozen since WWII, or any other fantastical element of modern mythology. 
> like Celtic fiddle covers of the JRPGs I grew up with
link, please? I'm not a huge JRPG fan, but I love Celtic music and want to see what the translation is like across genres. 
That's a good question. I have the opposite extreme, and I haven't taken any time to study the best way to go through increasing compassion because I'm too busy working on becoming less agreeable when necessary. Do you consider yourself a good listener? It seems that many of the people I know who are not very compassionate also lack the patience to listen to others when they speak instead of merely waiting for their own turn to speak.  

If that is the case, then perhaps you might find reading some of the work of the clinician Carl Rogers (who is famous for advocating active listening) and perhaps even volunteer at some kind of suicide hotline might help you develop more compassion if you feel that would be an improvement. 
Player One is a wild mage. All of his spells are yo-yo-themed (Uncle Duncan's Magic Yo-Yo Missle, Entange String, etc.) and for backup, he wields a mithral pot as a melee weapon. Player two is a typical lawful-good Paladin with INT as a dump stat.  They both go into a magic shop to sell looted treasure. When that business is concluded, it all starts to go wonky:  

> WildMage: "Good, now I have another transaction for you. Do you enchant weaponry?" 

> WizardShopkeep: "Yes, of course." 

> WM: Excellent - I need you to enchant this weapon. *pulls out mithral pot* It is an heirloom from my Uncle Duncan.  

The shopkeeper starts berating and laughing at the wild mage. 

WM: Hey, what's that over there? *points behind the shopkeep* The shopkeep turns around. "I bash him over the head with my mithral pot!" *rolls a natural 20*. 

The shopkeeper is knocked out, and the wild mage starts looting the shop. The Paladin says, "Hey you can't do that!" and the wild mage says, "Yeah, but that over there says I can." and points behind the Paladin. The Paladin turns around. "I hit the paladin with the Mithril pot." *another natural 20* I rule that the Paladin is knocked out and the wild mage takes the Paladin's backpack and magic sword along with what he stole from the magic shop and disappears into the night, never to be seen again. 
Somehow, I suspect that if your IQ is too low, you will probably spend a lot of time wondering why other people are so stupid instead of worrying if your own IQ is too low. 
You can do it online pretty well, just use the mobile site. I've been ordering the same sandwich for years though, so perhaps I'm too boring! 
I EDC a [Victorinox Compact](https://www.amazon.com/Victorinox-Swiss-Compact-Pocket-Knife/dp/B0007QCOMY/) that has a mini screwdriver that fits into the corkscrew and works well if your glasses have micro-flathead screws. Mine are unfortunately micro-Phillips, so this does nothing for me. 
Order it on your phone when you leave to drive to Publix. It'll be ready by the time you've finished shopping.
I misspoke. What I meant to say that, Cronometer has fewer entries in general because, when a new submission is made by a user, it is flagged for manual review by a Cronometer admin before being added to the database. I have found it much closer to the actual nutritional facts on the label than MFP. 
That does sound good! Corned beef and cabbage are always a hit as well with my family. 
Nice, that's a good solution as well!
I've got the opposite issue. I'm trying to stay keto while being vegetarian for Lent. Thank goodness for /r/ketochow!!
Not to mention flavored milks. My kid's public school has five milk options at meals: whole, skim, chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry. IIRC, the latter three have more sugar than regular soda. 
It can, it doesn't have as many entries as MFP, but it is human-curated, so most entries are actually useful. 
I've made chicken fried rice with riced cauliflower. It's not *exactly* the same, but it's pretty good!
Excellent, thank you. 
How essential is community involvement in BGG in making your business a success? I have been a casual BGG user for around a decade, but I really don't participate in the forums. 
Thanks! We're going to borrow my in-laws monster SUV for this over the weekend. 
Pretty much. I have limited veto power that I exercise once in a while, but mostly it's her show as long as it's within budget. 
Oh wow, that's way more reasonable than I expected. I'm guessing that's in a 5-10k copy print run?
Can you give us a ballpark on the upcharge for the "book boxes" compared to a normal Asmodee-quality game box? 2x/5x/etc?
I have had people recommend 'The Icon and the Axe: An Interpretive History of Russian Culture' by James Billington but I haven't picked it up yet. Is it a waste of time compared to these? 
He is very cool yet very opinionated. He has a YouTube channel - I recommend watching a video or two and seeing if you'd have a personality clash or not. I enjoy sharing a beer and a pipe with him on occasion. Overall a good dude.
[Joffre Swait](https://www.linkedin.com/in/joffre/) is a Spanish/Portuguese/English teacher who lives in Greer. He is an American of Brazilian ancestry. He does a lot of language classes with BMW personnel. He is an acquaintance of mine but we haven't spoken in a few years. 
That's a good one! I played it in glorious monochrome on my 5th-grade class Apple ][e. If I ever find a 5 1/4" floppy of that game, I'd like to frame it somewhere for nostalgia.
Specifically, November 22nd, 1963, the same day as JFK and C.S. Lewis died. The Catholic author Peter Kreeft wrote [an interesting book](https://www.amazon.com/Between-Heaven-Hell-Somewhere-Kennedy/dp/083083480X/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1521028239&sr=8-1&keywords=between+heaven+and+hell) having the three of them engage in a philosophical dialogue while in a purgatorical state.
I just clean my study and let my wife do whatever she wants to decorate our bedroom.
> I used to daydream about how I’d live life after the bombs fell. Of course I assumed everyone I knew would have died. I’d be a grizzled Mad Max type fighting mutants and biker gangs.

I too, watched a lot of Red Dawn and Mad Max. Good points!
Nope, I'm not memorable or controversial. Just a guy who did weekend curated content posts for a few years and is now a technical writer.
Very interesting, thank you! Possibly, Peterson is definitely a Capitalist, but I'm not sure if he's amassing a money bin full of gold coins to swim around in, as financial security in case his detractors manage to impact his University position, or as a war chest to form his own university with some day. 
One of the two tech lifestyle blogs previously owned by Gawker that's still in operation. Most of my stuff was rewrites and repubs of curated content from other sites with a handful of reviews. I was at the bottom of the totem pole, but it was a good experience. 
That's a good point. I'm a "cusper" myself, having been born in 1978 which is usually included on the GenXer lists but Nielsen/MetLife/etc consider it [Millenial](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Millennials#Date_and_age_range_definitions) oddly enough. I like the "micro-generation" concept used for [Xennials](http://www.businessinsider.com/people-born-between-gen-x-millennials-xennials-2017-11) but prefer a different name I've seen for it, The "Star Wars Generation" for those born between 1977-1983. Here's their argument:  

> Like the Gen-Xers, as children we played outdoors, engaged in games we made ourselves, a long time before the advent of gaming consoles. We made macramé bracelets for our friends and wrote each other postcards.  
> We couldn't coordinate meetups with friends by text, chat or WhatsApp. We had to pick up the receiver, call their house, introduce ourselves to their parents and persuade them to hand the phone to our friend. This sometimes felt like dodging obstacles in Mario Land's boss fights.
> We had analog childhoods, but digital adulthoods.

My parents had an Atari 2600 before I was old enough to get my first console (NES), but other than that, I think it's spot on. 
I wrote for a Gawker-owned site for three years and I was glad to see them die out. 
Not surprising given [Thiel's deep reverence](http://www.businessinsider.com/peter-thiel-on-rene-girards-influence-2014-11) for the French philosopher Rene Girard. Girard's Mimetic theory is quite intriguing and seems to support the concept of steel manning, which really just a fancy name for John Stuart Mill's technique of argument.
I use it, but only to keep in touch with my fellow students as an online student at a UK university. 
If you find this kind of work uninteresting, why have you applied to these trade school programs? What work does interest you? What is your plan to develop yourself and find work that you can do you, that interests you, and that can provide for you and allow you to raise a family someday if you wish?  

There are two approaches you can take - keep telling yourself you have to be interested in a type of work to do well and working through the job you don't like to develop your self-discipline and your grit. To take the first approach, you need to work on developing a realistic plan that you can stick with.  

For the second, you may have to spend some time working a job you feel is beneath you while you get the education and experience for the job you would rather have. Peterson has talked of his time as a dishwasher repeatedly on his videos.  There is a value in simple repetitive work done well. 

I have spent years when I was your age working in call centers, shipping docks, and retail stores. To be completely honest, I wasted almost the entire decade of my twenties and at age 39 I have worked myself up to an okay position as a technical writer, but I'm like the main character in Office Space that I spend my entire day writing TPS reports for five different bosses in a cubicle hell. Last year, I finally got tired of wasting time and went back to University full-time after dropping out in 1998 and I do that in addition to full-time work and having two small kids. I really like my life, but it's super busy, and it would have been so much better had I gotten over my self-discipline and depressive issues when I was your age with less responsibility and more energy. 

If you haven't yet, go pay $15 and do the [future authoring program](https://selfauthoring.com/future-authoring.html). From the posts you've written, it sounds like that program may be a better use of your $15 than a pizza or a new game on Steam. Good luck to you!
Let's break that down.   
  
1. Why don't you think you'd be very good at that job?   
2. Why don't you think you'd be very happy with that job?  
Guilty. Even if I hate the blends, I plan on repurposing the tins to hold pieces for [Arkham Horror](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/15987/arkham-horror) 
Awesome, thanks! 
[Excellent](https://giphy.com/gifs/the-simpsons-excellent-mr-burns-8fen5LSZcHQ5O), thank you! 
Yep, definitely going to do that tonight, I'm just not going to be back to my car for a few hours and wanted to see if anyone here had transport a tv recently. Thanks!
I liked your version, but the crowds are fickle. Great job killing Aegisthus, btw! 
Go find the Upstate Permaculture Group on Facebook. There are a lot of people in that group with land who might be amenable to such an arrangement, depending on the particulars. 

Edit - [here's the link](https://www.facebook.com/groups/445484185526915/)
I like to give Big Daddy a buck or two when I have it and pass him by. I consider him an unlicensed street performer. I usually recognize him and a stinky older black dude with matted/dreadlocked hair that I've seen kicked out of restaurants a few times. Bought that guy a burger and fries today--he didn't want my money and gave me a $5 bill to get him some food since he's not allowed in there, but I just bought it and put his money back in the bag. 
Marget Atwood, Dorris Lessing, Robertson Davies without going to a search engine, but the later two are mostly from the Canadian band Moxy Fruvous' song [My Baby Loves a Bunch of Authors](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TXXu7jvPu8s&ab_channel=MoxyFrüvous-Topic). 
How old are you and what are you doing with your life already? Industrious tends to increase and Neuroticism tends to decrease as you age. 
Fair enough, I retract my comment. I guess it was a slip of the tongue or he changed his mind. 
I really like the band on your Genève. I have a similar one, a gift from my uncle, but the original band had been lost by then. I may need to look into picking up a similar band, but honestly, I haven't worn the Genève since I bought my Apple Watch two years ago. 
Dunhill is closing its doors. Try GL Pease Charing Cross, Samuel Gawith Squadron Leader, or Esoterica Penzance (if you can find it) for other English blends that might scratch the same itch as Nightcap. 
Check out this [brass Czech tool](http://shop.instituteofman.com/product/light-golden-3-in-1-tamper-and-pipe-tool/). I think it would match your other kit well. 
There's a nice $20 Chinese copy of an Old Boy on Amazon I've been using successfully for the past year. I just wish they had an all-brass variant. 
Source; The Ethics of Ambiguity, 1947, section II - Looks like the Marxist source I found when searching for this quote might also OP's source based on the pic: [full doc on Marxist site](https://www.marxists.org/reference/subject/ethics/de-beauvoir/ambiguity/ch02.htm)
Yeah, it seems to be an epidemic in the black community, but it's not only there. I think it's a result of The Pill making sex economily cheaper for society. It normalized casual sexual encounters and assumed that everyone would regularly use birth control, but a combination of abstinence-only sex-ed and irresponsible young people combined with increasing divorce rates exponentially increased the rate of children in single-parent families.
As a 90s kid, I can't disagree. It seems to me that being on the cusp of the transition from an analog past to a digital future had more impact than we may have realized. 
I'm just trying to get back on track after losing my childhood to abuse, my twenties to depression, and my thirties to putting Humpty Dumpty together again. Upward and onward. 
For me, it was an organic change. It started with a MacBook Air because I was already familiar with Unix and it seemed like solid hardware at not-completely-crazy prices. That led to me replacing my Note 2 with an iPhone 5s. I eventually picked up an Apple Watch, upgraded to a 6s Plus and MacBook Pro, and bought AirPods and an Apple TV. It's definitely not cheap, but I would say when you consider the per-hour usage I get from each of these things and how much of a headache having it all work in an ecosystem eliminates, it's definitely been worth the $500-750 per year I've spent in hardware costs. It also helps that I have a couple of side gigs where I can use the gear as a tax write-off. 

I definitely would not have been able to go out and drop $3k on a new iPhone, MacBook, Watch, AirPods, etc at the same time. 
I don't think MKBHD was saying that at all. In fact, if you go back a couple of months, he has a video on how well AirPods work on Android. He mentioned AirPods in this video as an example of a product that had one tie into the ecosystem but didn't require multiple hooks. 
As long as your corporate IT does not blacklist icloud.com and you don't have sufficient privileges to install any convenient method to get around that restriction. I just got hit with this a couple of months ago after previously using iCloud.com happily for over a year with no issues, and IT won't budge. 

There are few ways around this:  
*  You can use a third-party provider with clients for each platform like Evernote, OneNote, etc.  
*  You can email yourself text you want to import to Notes and set up a script to automatically import those emails.  
*  I personally have everything in Notes and have a Belkin iPhone dock and a Magic Keyboard on my desk and I am frequently using iMessages, Mail, Notes, Fantastical, OmniFocus, Ulysses, etc. 
I'm an American who became an online international student at a UK uni last year. All of my unofficial class discussion groups are in WhatsApp. I like the platform, especially how I can customize group chats and that it's cross-platform. That said, given the ecosystem hooks that iMessage has (Siri, Apple Pay, Apple Music) I prefer iMessage outside of group chats. 
Yeah, but having that stack of PADDs was also used as a narrative tool--it signified the heavy workload of the person struggling to hold onto all of them in a way that was immediately understood by the audience. 

We can also thank TNG for contextual software keyboards. I remember being amazed how the LCARS displayed changed depending on what the user was accessing. 
I think it does. Your point was that, because JBP got his start as a pundit (in the eyes of Americans) on Fox News, that it negatively impacts Peterson in your view as it has terminally impacted his credibility.  

My counterpoint is that, just like his hours of YouTube lectures protect him from being easily dismissed as an alt-right bigot with no credibility, his years of being a pundit on a major Canadian TV station also establish his credibility at being a pundit without being a tool of a particular ideological channel. 

I would actually argue that, for most people, Peterson's emergence as a pundit came from the BBC Channel 4 interview as that is when most people first became aware of him.  

I am also not a fan of Fox News and have always viewed that channel with incredulity, but think I agree that the past 15 years of shifting the Overton Window has caused them to be less-radical and more mainstream. 
Thanks for the information!

Since I posted this topic months ago, I got curious and emailed my former school district to see what records they had for me since I took an IQ test when I qualified to be in the gifted and talented program. For whatever reason, I had the idea that it might be fun to join MENSA if I qualified. Here was the response I received: 

> We've got your scores from a "Cognitive Skills Assessment Battery" taken in 1989 at [elementary school]. It's showing you in the 99th percentile on Reading, Language, Math and Total. 

These scores qualify as prior evidence for Mensa standards, but I didn't go through with the process as I spent some time reading the Mensa subreddit and seeing that it seemed to be a rather toxic community. I received the positive self-worth reinforcement I was seeking by validating I was pretty smart as a kid and smart enough now to not need to be patted on the head and told what a clever boy I am. I'm smart enough to know I'm smart enough and that there's no need to obsess any further. 
Yeah, that's right. I might have to hunt down the book to steal ideas from. 
I can agree with that, at least with the current clinical view of gender dysphoria in the DSM and how political ideologues are highjacking the name of trans for their own power struggles. The problem is that there is no real definition of anything since the narrative is to oppose labels and embrace spectrums.  

What I was mainly trying to illustrate was that I don't have this perfect idea of a white 1940s America where gays/black people/etc "knew their place". We are better than that now as a society, but that doesn't mean everything about that time needed to be discarded. 
He's been a pundit for **years** on TV Ontario. You can go and watch hours worth of clips talking about depression, gender roles, etc way before C-16 ever blew up. 
I think the right mix would be a society where traditional social/gender roles are retained but we culturally tolerate racial/religious/etc minorities far better than we currently do as a society. For example:   
  
*  Where traditional gender roles aren't a bad thing but deviation from them is accepted--a male aesthetician or a female boilermaker might elicit a double-take, but no one ostracizes either for their choice of career.
*  Where two-parent heterosexual families are seen as the desired norm for societal cohesion, but gay/trans people aren't actively discriminated against for being a minority and there's also no stigma for being childfree.  
*  We need to address the role that single-parent households have had societally for the past few generations.  
* Where the ethics and institutions of Judeo-Christian faiths are commonly held as being good for our society but not enforced legally or socially. This is pretty much what Europe has done for a while.   

In general, I think we can go back to what was good about pre-WWII Western Civilization and apply the positive racial/gender/etc inequalities that have evolved since then. Reintroduce the virtues of duty, honor, and self-sacrifice while remaining tolerant to people who make different life choices. We need to find a way as a society to incentivize civility, disincentivize binary political false dichotomies, and in general learn to embrace Enlightenment ideals like the Non-agression Pact, individual freedoms, and mutual self-interest as a path to making positive change. 
I like this approach. Feels like you could bring back several of the minor 3.x feats to add to your list. 
I also like that you can't go immediately into a subclass when you multiclass into a new PC class, you have to reach third level first. This makes the probability of having a Paladin of Vengence/Battle Master/College of Swords/Assassin more unlikely, and if you do have one they're probably built for story reasons and not a mechanical advantage. 
I remember having a 13th level 2E bard in the Dragonlance setting die from a single Critical Hit where a Naga's spiked tail attack destroyed my PC's head. It was certainly memorable. I kind of miss how weapon speed affected the Initiative count. 
What was that Palladium setting where you make characters based on yourself and when the game starts, an event happens where it's night for three entire days that ushers in a type of apocalypse where monsters have woken up and your character of yourself now has powers? 
RIFTS as a *setting* was fun, but the Palladium combat mechanics were very poor from what I can remember of having played it 20 years ago. I'd rather play GURPS than anything from Palladium, and I don't much care for the mechanics of GURPS.  
I also like how some feats include a +1 in a stat along with another benefit, so if the stat you want to improve is an odd number, you get two minor benefits instead of wasting the other half of a +2 bonus. 
Thanks. Yes, that was before I began to pay attention to politics again. 
Snagged a single tin of Cellar along with a few other bits and bobs. I've enjoyed all the variations of Frog Morton over the years, and this will be a nice way to have a farewell tin while leaving some for the rest of you. 
When did Milo come to Clemson? Must have been before he was on my radar. 
I didn't even see a single person with a sign at Clemson. I heard people in the crowd behind me that didn't like him, but they were respectful during the event with all three speakers. 
That's fine--as long as you don't cause DudgmentJay, we're cool. 
Or, to tweak Harvey Dent's quote from *The Dark Knight*, "you either languish in obscurity as a respected intellectual or get popular enough to see yourself become the demagogue" in reputation at least if not also in fact.  

JBP himself is not a demagogue, but many fans who self-identify as lobsters and spread memes and hate toward "the other" are making him look like a demagogue to the rest of the world.   

I have been greatly benefitted from the good doctor's work and consider myself a fan, but there are other important intellectuals, writers, clerics, scientists, teachers, etc to listen to along with Peterson. He would himself say that he's standing on the shoulders of giants. Instead of canonizing Jordan, let us support his work while also not villifying those who critique in good faith and acknowledge his influences. 12 Rules was not created *ex nihilo*. 
That is simultaneously the *worst* and **best** subreddit name ever.
There's a lot of great St. Anthony quotes that Peterson fans should read. That is probably the most important, but these, too, are helpful:    

*  Father Pambo asked Father Anthony, “What ought I to do?” and the elder said to him, “Do not trust in your own righteousness, do not worry about the past, but control your tongue and your stomach (appetite).”  
* Father Anthony said, “Whoever hammers a lump of iron, first decides what he is going to make of it, a scythe, a sword, or an axe.  Even so we ought to make up our minds what kind of virtue we want to forge or we labor in vain.”  

The Richard Pevear/Larissa Volokhosky translation seems to be preferred by most readers these days, but I agree. Go find a large bookstore and read the first few paragraphs in a few different translations to see what works best for you. 
It's $2 now and no longer free, but the Hardcore History podcast episode [Propehts of Doom](https://www.dancarlin.com/product/hardcore-history-48-prophets-of-doom/) is a great example of how this went down over an extended siege in the city of Muenster, Germany in the 17th century. It is an amazing moment of history and one of the best podcasts ever.  

[EDIT - I found it on [YouTube](https://youtu.be/DByH_YCWOYo?t=8m33s) but if you listen to it and enjoy it, send Dan $2.]
Off the top of my head and not consulting my highlights, I'd say the sections on narrowing in a focus, constructing a logical argument, and how to craft introductions and conclusions were the most helpful for me. 
S^U^C^C^E^S^S^!!!
This book was very helpful for my L4 essays: [Teach Yourself: Write Great Essays and Dissertations](https://www.amazon.com/Write-Great-Essays-Dissertations-Yourself-ebook/dp/B00GVFY71G/) by Hazel Hutchinson.
You use a [caret](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caret), the symbol that's printed on your '6' key. That is used for writing exponentials like 2^4, but you can also use it to write W^I^L^D and C^R^A^Z^Y things if you use the symbol between each letter. 
Sort of what it must feel like it must feel when Americans put on a fake British accent? 
Thank you! I knew about the ones in the MM but not in VGtM. I guess I should buy the physical book instead of just using my DNDBeyond subscription. 
Excellent work! I'm curious--have you done the same with the subclasses in the PHB? 
This. The Ptolus book is one of the most amazing RPG manuals I've ever read. I regret selling my hardback years ago since they now go for $200 on eBay. 
My 2000 manual-transmission Camry is at 198,000. I'm looking forward to flipping over to 200k. The only trouble we've had was when I hit a deer that messed up the front quarter panel a couple of years ago. It's a beater car, so I just grabbed replacement panels from a boneyard in very similar color--the car is sage (metallic beige) and the panel is a little more gold, but it doesn't stand out greatly.
I bought my first Tilley hat to protect me from the sun in hours high school marching band rehearsals. I guess I was an early adapter to dorky looking products that have excellent functionality.
Great, I’ll check it out. Thank you. 
I'm sure there's a lot of fanart sent to your family. Has it eclipsed the collection of Soviet artwork yet? :)
This is amazing. Do you ever do any PC/NPC designs?
Iron Man is the anti-hero to Captain America's true hero in similar dichotomy to Han/Luke. 
"Paint where the dick's going to be, not where it is."
I know you're being careful to not identify your uni, but can you tell us what country you're in? I'm curious to see if this is another Canadian university.
Right, it seems as if the intention was that, since Peterson is most likely the most talked-about psychologist in the world at the moment, incoming Psychology students will be exposed to him either from a positive perspective (someone linking to his videos or a podcast appearance) or a negative perspective (someone linking to the Vice interview or one of the online hit-pieces).  

This question seems to be an attempt to frame the narrative so that, from the question, the otherwise neutral student is intended to assume a position of questioning Peterson as a source of widsom due to his problematic social views. 
My job pays half the monthly lease of a parking garage one block away. I pay around $30/month out of my paycheck. On the plus side, I get to charge my car for free in that garage, so I still consider it a win. 
The trick is finding the sweet spot. I bought a house two towns away from the city I work in. The drawback is that I have a 30-minute commute each way (the time and mileage are the only impacts as I have an EV), but the upside is that the mortgage payment on my 4bed/3bath/2-car garage house on 1.5 acres in an older neighborhood with character (not a cookie-cutter suburb) and my mortgage payment is about the same as the rental for a studio in the city.  

I've had hour-long commutes and they suck. I've lived in the city with a 15-minute commute which was awesome, but a comparable house on a postage stamp lot would be double my current mortgage.  

Like anything else in life, you've gotta look at the pros and cons each way and make your own best choice. 
Excellent, thank you so much for posting this! I'll read Rules for Radicals once my term in university is complete.  
> The lefties are using alinsky style disruptive tactics to destroy society.

I am unfamiliar with Alinsky. Can someone please provide an ELI5 here? 
Very nice, thank you.
So you're saying that people shouldn't protect themselves?
Which volume is that? 
If it's actual rubber, rub in some beeswax and buff it with a cloth. That's what I do with my rubber pipe stems. 


C.S. Lewis smoked Three Nuns, so that's definitely plausible. 
I don't like it over playing, but I enjoy being a facilitator of larger games like Arkham/Eldritch horror when hosting convention games. Also, if I'm teaching new players to play something I've played more than 50 times (Settlers, Carc, TTR, 7 Wonders, etc) I'll sit out and just facilitate unless the extra player is needed, and in that case I'll play with the most suboptimal strategy I can think of at the time.
I was a WotC delegate for a couple of years, it was a very enjoyable experience. I'd like to get into doing tabletop game demos again one day once my kids are older. 
I just wish my credit union had Apple Pay. :( 
Zifnab?
DMPCs are the worst.
Looks like someone is starting a sub for ToA too! r/Tombofannihilation/
[Wikipedia - Poe's law](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poe%27s_law)
It was great the two times I dined there with my wife, but the couple of times I got takeout from there, the food wasn't very fresh. They also seemed to be closed at random times throughout the week. They had a great menu but it seems like they weren't skilled at running a business. 
The Paglia discussion is one of the best. I'd love to have them record a second conversation.
That's one of the few clip-channels I find does a good job of presenting information without being overly sensational. 
Enjoy!
Awesome, I'll do that. I thought you had to be a veteran to go visit VFW or American Legion halls.
I'm right with you man, I just need to find the right place. I work in a mid-size city downtown where we have a ton of hipster places and a Great Clips, with no other downtown options. I need to explore my local subreddit and find a place along my commute path. 
I like lists, and when it comes to influential albums and artists, there are tons out there. I don’t want to send you to [Rolling Stone’s Top 500 Albums](https://www.rollingstone.com/music/lists/500-greatest-albums-of-all-time-20120531/) might be overload for right now. I did a bit of digging, and I found that [WatchMojo’s Top 10 Most Important Albums in Rock History](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zXGDKCNHyDQ&ab_channel=WatchMojo.com) was actually a pretty good list. I’ve added particular tracks to check afterward in parenthesis. Check it out:  


1. The Beatles - Sgt Pepper’s Lonely Hearts Club Band (With a Little Help From My Friends, Getting Better, A Day in the Life)   
2. Pink Floyd - The Dark Side of the Moon (Time, Money)  
3. Led Zeppelin - IV (Black Dog, Stairway to Heaven, When the Levee Breaks)  
4. The Jimi Hendrix Experience - Are You Experienced? (Purple Haze, Foxey Lady)  
5. Black Sabbath - Black Sabbath (The Wizard)  
6. The Beach Boys - Pet Sounds (Wouldn’t It Be Nice, Sloop John B, Only God Knows)  
7. Bob Dylan - Highway 61 Revisited (Like a Rolling Stone)  
8. Nirvana - Nevermind (Smells Like Teen Spirit, In Bloom, Lithium)  
9. The Clash - London Calling (London Calling, Death or Glory)  
10. Radiohead - OK Computer (Paranoid Android, Karma Police, No Surprises)  

Mojo’s Honorable Mentions:   
* Metallica - Master of Puppets (Master of Puppets, Welcome Home (Sanitarium))  
* Rage Against the Machine - Rage Against the Machine (Killing in the Name)  
* Guns N’ Roses - Appetite for Destruction (Welcome to the Jungle, Sweet Child of Mine)  
* The Rolling Stones - Exile on Main Street (Rocks Off, Shine a Light)  
* Patti Smith - Horses (Gloria, Land)  
* Bruce Springsteen - Born to Run (Thunder Road, Born to Run)  

Here are 10 other albums that I think are essential for various reasons and a track or two for each as a TL;DR  

* Miles Davis - Kind of Blue This is a legendary jazz album recorded in one day and is largely improvisation. Put it on while you cook and listen to how the melodies evolve. (So What)  
* The Who - Who’s Next - Some of the most classic songs by this classic rock band are on this album recorded when Pete Townshend had a nervous breakdown after their rock opera Tommy. (Baba O’Reilly, Behind Blue Eyes)  
* U2 - The Joshua Tree - You probably have heard a couple of U2 songs on a soft rock station, but go back and listen to this album that mixes the bloodshed of “the troubles” in Ireland with standard rock musings about life and love (Where the Streets Have No Name, With or Without You)  
* Bob Marley - Legend - This is the only reggae album most people have ever listened to, a collection of iconic songs of hope and perseverance (Three Little Birds, Redemption Song)  
* Smashing Pumpkins - Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness - this was the album I listened to continually my senior year of high school. It’s not the best alternative album of all time, but I’d say it’s up there. (Bullet with Butterfly Wings, 1979, Tonight Tonight)  
* Neutral Milk Hotel - In the Aeroplane over the Sea - this is an influential Indie album that’s known for being a hipster favorite. Known for Jeff Mangum’s ‘distinctive voice’ and obsession with Anne Frank, it’s a very different album, but I love it. (In the Aeroplane Over the Sea, Oh Comely)  
* Johnny Cash - American IV: The Man Comes Around - Johnny Cash was a very influential country artist who experienced a renaissance in the late 90s/early 2000s with this series of albums of hits, cover songs, and original songs. The cover of NIN’s ‘Hurt’ may be one of the best covers of all time (Hurt, In My Life) - If you want old school Johnny, check out ‘At Folson Prison’  
* Van Morrison - Moondance - Van Morrison is a fascinating mix of jazz, blues, Celtic, and poetry. (Crazy Love, And It Stoned Me)  
* Stevie Wonder - Songs in the Key of Life - my favorite R&B album (Isn’t She Lovely, Sir Duke)
* The White Stripes - Elephant (Seven Nation Army, Ball and Biscuit)  

Nice knife - will the quotation marks keep Dave Canterbury from coming after you. 
Good point, I didn't edit my OP. I have done so now. Thank you.
My work here is done.
I have the [Khomo iPad Pro case](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B076T83RCF/ref=twister_B076VY5221?_encoding=UTF8&th=1) that has a dedicated slot for the Apple Pencil, and this has been my best accessory purchase. My Pencil is always with my iPad. 
If you're in Piedmont, it's probably the closest. You'll just pop on I-185 ("the Southern Connector") where it intersects US 20 and take I-185 to I-385. Maybe 10-15 minutes. 
I remember seeing Phantom Menace there when the theater was still pretty new. A friend stood in line for six hours to get tickets. We were all so excited when it started and so dumbfounded when it finished. 
Agreed, but I quite enjoyed the fusion Korean BBQ/Philly Cheesesteak sandwich that OakBlue had while it was still in business.
It's interesting how this angle makes the Bank of America building block the taller Landmark building. Great photo!
Is that from his new book? I've watched a lot of his videos, but I don't recall hearing that quote. 
Nope, I'm in the SE USA. Apparently, Morton's gets around!
haha, I can tell, especially the modest. The stars at night are big and bright...
Nice pipe (and pencil - a Rotring?)! 
That post took me through a rabbit hole that led to [this writeup of the Duchamp technique](https://forums.egullet.org/topic/119838-the-best-way-to-cook-a-thick-steak/). I need to give this a try.
Grand Theft Auto? Greater Toronto Area? Guam Telephone Authority? 
Excellent point. I go through about 100 in a year (I like steak), but nothing like a professional cook does. 
It's on my to-do list. Last year I did charcoal grilling, and so far this year I'm playing with an Instant Pot. 
Nope, South Carolinian. We don't have a Morton's here, but there are a few nearby in Atlanta and Charlotte.
I've never been to a Sports Clips, mostly because the only one I know about is in the busiest commercial street in my city and I'm not really a sports kinda guy, so I figured I wouldn't be in their target audience. 

Good to know, though. Maybe someone should make a Geek Clips, where old Star Trek episodes play on TVs and you can chat with your barber about the latest Marvel movie.
[It applies to both the amino acids in meats and the sugars in baked goods](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maillard_reaction).
That's what I usually do. I'm not very picky about my haircut.  

There's a GreatClips that's four blocks from my office, and I'll just use the app to reserve a spot before I head down there. I rarely have to wait more than five minutes, and my last haircut was $11 ($5.99 sale plus $5 tip). 
That's a decent point. I need to find a *barber savant*. A *hair whisperer*. 
Definitely. My wife can do an okay job on my haircut, but it will take her half an hour to do what a skilled barber can do in less than five minutes. The same applies here. I can make a reverse sear and/or butter steak really well but doing a lot of them in a shift uses a different skill set than doing it at home for two people. 
Very nice. Hopefully, I'll find a guy like yours. 
Definitely - I need to seek one of these out as soon I get to summer and finish out my crazy current schedule of 4:00 AM - 8:00 PM work and school M-F. 
Sure, I'm talking about one of the pampered hipster places where they serve you beer/whiskey while you listen to The Avett Brothers and admire ironic vintage artwork. Those places charge as much for "the experience" than they do for the haircut. 

I'm much more of an old-school barbershop kind of guy that smells of Clubman Pinaud talc and Barbasol and offers fishing and car magazines. 
Nice. I think the 90-year-old barber in my hometown still only charges $5 for a haircut. I need to go there again when I'm visiting my Mom and also look for a similar place in the 3 towns I drive through to get to work. 
I think that many do when you pay for an actual professional. I'm on a tight budget right now, and I either have my wife give me a haircut or go to Great Clips.   

It's like cooking - I can make a pretty good steak, but I'm sure I'll never rival the chefs at Morton's or wherever because I don't have the depth of knowledge and how to calculate the relative importance of all of the variables (heat, sear, Maillard reaction, etc) that a real professional can bring to bear. I think the same thing has applied in the times I've gone to a hipster barbershop and paid $50 for a full-service haircut and beard trim.   

Now I want a steak and a haircut. 

[Edit - corrected my statement about the Mallard reaction]
Ultimately, even the most rational and altruistic human beings are not completely divested from ego and a desire to leave a positive legacy. Perhaps we can invent some way to honor these failed scientists, maybe call it The Crucible Prize, for excellent work that is burned away during the process of refinement. 
This is a nice looking sub. The quality of the content and CSS design makes it look like a 50k sub, not a 1k sub. Nice job! I haven't played CoS yet (playing ToA right now), but I'd love to give it a try next.
One of my favorites!
Thank you!
Do you have the link to this story? I haven't seen that one yet. 
Yes, that's an even better fit. 
Thrasher's Fries in DE/MD doesn't even offer ketchup. Malt Vinegar or GTFO. 
It looks like an unused set design from Inception. 
That would world out well if they could get them to fit in the same type of charging case. I love my current AirPods way more than IEMs, but I'd buy a pair of these too to wear on planes or other situations when I want full isolation. 
Awesome, I’m glad to hear my back-of-the-envelope guesstimate isn’t too unrealistic. I get what you mean about variance in quality. Thanks again. 
Good call, I blanked on those! Looks like around $15k plus whatever money you want to sink into an espresso machine to get up and running. Let's say $20k (no reason to start with a $15k espresso machine in a small town shop) for equipment plus probably another $10-15k for glassware/tableware, DIY tables, chairs, regular display counter, chilled display counter, POS terminal (Square), and other incidentals.  

After that, I'd need to plan for at least six months of rent, utilities, COGS, and payroll (plus bookkeeping). Does that sound about right? 
There are a lot of fun inexpensive card games that give you a good selection and can be played in less than a half hour. That's the first place I would bulk up your collection.  

Good Examples:  

[Sushi Go!](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/133473/sushi-go) (2-5 players, 15 min) *In the super-fast sushi card game Sushi Go!, you are eating at a sushi restaurant and trying to grab the best combination of sushi dishes as they whiz by. Score points for collecting the most sushi rolls or making a full set of sashimi. Dip your favorite nigiri in wasabi to triple its value! And once you've eaten it all, finish your meal with all the pudding you've got! But be careful which sushi you allow your friends to take; it might be just what they need to beat you!*  

[Love Letter](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/129622/love-letter) (2-4 players, 20min) *Love Letter is a game of risk, deduction, and luck for 2–4 players. Your goal is to get your love letter into Princess Annette's hands while deflecting the letters from competing suitors. From a deck with only sixteen cards, each player starts with only one card in hand; one card is removed from play. On a turn, you draw one card, and play one card, trying to expose others and knock them from the game. Powerful cards lead to early gains, but make you a target. Rely on weaker cards for too long, however, and your letter may be tossed in the fire!* This was the first game that set off the "micro games" trend that's been popular for the past few years.  

[Dixit](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/39856/dixit) (3-6 players, 30 min) is quite unusual and is more of a scored-storytelling game where each person matches card art to someone's created story. It's a fun way to spend some time drinking coffee and is appealing to non-gamers.  


Next, I would go for slightly heavier games that play 2-4 people in 30-60 minutes. Examples:   

[7 wonders](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/68448/7-wonders) (2-7 players, 30 min) *You are the leader of one of the 7 great cities of the Ancient World. Gather resources, develop commercial routes, and affirm your military supremacy. Build your city and erect an architectural wonder which will transcend future times.*  

[Dominion](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/36218/dominion) (2-4 players, 30 min) Dominion is the first big deckbuilding game where each player starts with the same hand of cards and each turn buys more powerful cards, gets rid of their less-valuable starting cards, and possibly attack other players. There are tons of great deckbuilders out there (Ascension, Legendary,Star Realms, Eminent Domain, etc) but this was the first and best-known, kind of like Settlers in that regard.  

[Pandemic](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/30549/pandemic) (2-4 players, 45 min) *In Pandemic, several virulent diseases have broken out simultaneously all over the world! The players are disease-fighting specialists whose mission is to treat disease hotspots while researching cures for each of four plagues before they get out of hand.* This is a great cooperative game where the players work together to defeat the game itself.  

[Carcassonne](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/822/carcassonne) (2-5 players, 30-45 min) *Carcassonne is a tile-placement game in which the players draw and place a tile with a piece of southern French landscape on it. The tile might feature a city, a road, a cloister, grassland or some combination thereof, and it must be placed adjacent to tiles that have already been played, in such a way that cities are connected to cities, roads to roads, etcetera. Having placed a tile, the player can then decide to place one of his meeples on one of the areas on it: on the city as a knight, on the road as a robber, on a cloister as a monk, or on the grass as a farmer. When that area is complete, that meeple scores points for its owner.* This is a classic Euro-style board game. I often refer to Carc, Settlers, and Ticket to Ride as the "Holy Trinity" of board games. 

[King of Tokyo](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/70323/king-tokyo) (2-7 players, 30 min) *In King of Tokyo, you play mutant monsters, gigantic robots, and strange aliens—all of whom are destroying Tokyo and whacking each other in order to become the one and only King of Tokyo.* This is what would happen if you took the NES game Rampage and crossed it with Yahtzee. 

Finally, here are games that are still middle-weight in difficulty, but last a little longer. I'm not going to recommend any 4+ hour games like Twilight Imperium, Eldritch Horror, etc at this point because they probably won't be a good fit for your shop due to the time commitment.   

[Robo Rally](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/216201/robo-rally) (2-6 players, 20-120 min) *The race is on for the robots of the Robo Rally automobile factory who work long, hard days at the assembly line building high‐speed supercars, but never get to see them in action. On Saturday nights, the factory comes to life as the ultimate race course with treacherous obstacles and rival sabotage. In Robo Rally, players move their robots through the course by speeding through corridors and dodging traps to reach each checkpoint first. Only the strongest robots survive!*  

[Endeavor](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/33160/endeavor) (3-5 players, 90 min) *You represent a growing empire engaged in a glorious endeavor to expand your influence and status at home and across the great oceans of the world. Through exploration and shipping, colonization and war, you will struggle with the other great powers to control the resources and the regions that unfold before you.* This is a fun colonization game that plays like a 4-hour game in 1.5 hours. It's meaty enough to feel like you've played a heavy game, but doesn't take up your whole evening. It's been out-of-print for a while but a new second edition was just funded on Kickstarter. 

[Lords of Waterdeep](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/110327/lords-waterdeep) (2-5 players, 60-120 min) *In Lords of Waterdeep, a strategy board game for 2-5 players, you take on the role of one of the masked Lords of Waterdeep, secret rulers of the city. Through your agents, you recruit adventurers to go on quests on your behalf, earning rewards and increasing your influence over the city. Expand the city by purchasing new buildings that open up new actions on the board, and hinder – or help – the other lords by playing Intrigue cards to enact your carefully laid plans.* This is a great D&D-themed worker placement game. 

[Scythe](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/169786/scythe) (1-5 players, 90-115 min) *Scythe is an engine-building game set in an alternate-history 1920s period. It is a time of farming and war, broken hearts and rusted gears, innovation and valor. In Scythe, each player represents a character from one of five factions of Eastern Europe who are attempting to earn their fortune and claim their faction's stake in the land around the mysterious Factory. Players conquer territory, enlist new recruits, reap resources, gain villagers, build structures, and activate monstrous mechs.* This has been one of the most popular games of the past few years. It is a TON of fun to play and it looks great on your table, but it is expensive ($100 MSRP, $60 Amazon) and it has a lot of pieces that can get easily lost. I'd get this one for yourself, but keep it behind the shelf at the shop to avoid missing pieces. 
I know you bought a turn-key shop, so you didn't have to deal with a lot of upfront equipment costs, but I'm trying to conceptualize what is needed to run a decent small espresso/drip/pour-over and pastries. What large equipment expenditures (over $100) am I forgetting?  
  
* Espresso machine(s)  
* Coffee grinder(s)
* Hot water dispenser for pour-overs, tea
* Bunn auto-drip brewers with vacuum pots
* Commercial fridge
* toaster oven for pastries  
* commercial dishwasher
I've always wanted to have a bookshop, but it seems dumb to try and take on Amazon, so this way would let me have the semblance of a bookstore (and maybe make a tiny profit) and serve as a draw for people to come in and drink my coffee. This is essentially what Barnes and Noble have done for the past decade. 
Nice, I've been in the boardgaming hobby for almost 20 years now. If you need any recommendations on good inexpensive games for groups, let me know. 
It says 4 months, but we did it about a month ago (paid for 4 months though) and got it in 8 days. YMMV
The two aren't always mutually exclusive. We're all trying to give you the best advice we can, but none of us are in your shoes, and ultimately you have to make your own decisions.  

My own motivation is to tell you what I truly perceive as the highest truth, because if our roles were reversed, that would be what I'd want from you. Best of luck with both annihilating cancer and with figuring out the best way to wrestle this dragon. 
Next-level #woke
Not only support, but you'll also have robbed her of making her time remaining with you meaningful to her instead of just daily monotony that we do when we think we are effectively immortal. 
Another good thing about using this method is that maybe your friend that broke down needed to have that experience to sort himself out. Tragedy happens, no matter how many made-for-TV-movies would like us to believe that life is all roses, but so many of us have walled ourselves off with escapism and avoidance that we can't properly process the suffering and malevolance of life. Maybe think about what would be best for you personally, yes, but also what would be good for your loved ones and your entire community as well. Which strategy has the best chance of producing long-term good for everyone? 
Thanks for this post, OP. Once I no longer have a mortgage in ~5 years, I'm dreaming of doing something like this. I want to have a literary-themed cafe with espresso/drip/pour-overs/tea but also have a curated selection of books and board games for sale.  

The kicker would be that I wouldn't offer a large selection of books, knowing that most people will just choose to buy from Amazon anyway. What I would do is have each book/game to have a QR code that goes directly to Amazon with the affiliate link to the shop. The customer can choose to pay MSRP and get the book now or do what they normally want to do (browse in the shop and buy on Amazon) but the shop would still get a cut. I would also want to have a meeting room that can be used for book clubs, writing groups, etc. 
Gotta follow the 3-2-1 rule. Every day at con you need at least:  
*  3 hours of sleep  
*  2 meals  
*  1 shower  
Nowhere in the Southeast. It's a good thing I saw him at Clemson University back in October. 
I wonder how well [this Khan Academy course on Statistics](https://www.khanacademy.org/math/probability) fares in comparison? My program does not have any leeway for courses outside of the focus, but I'd like to brush up on this over the Summer. 
Yeah, that's why I've yo-yo'd with keto in the past. I plan on starting it again soon and trying just /r/ketochow to see how that goes. I'll still have the occasional cooked meal, but this seems like a good way to just get ketogenic fuel for $4/meal or less (it looks like you can get it down to $3/meal if you buy the weekly sale flavor in bulk and use avocado oil instead of HWC).  

For me, this serves several goals simultaneously:  
* Lose weight  
* Focus on food as fuel and not as a reward  
* Fast from animal products for religious reasons(I'm in Lent right now - KC has whey protein, but I'm not too worked up over that)  
* Not have to think about where my next meal is coming from
* Very little prep time (mix up several batches in blender bottles and store them in the fridge)  
I think OP is referring to the thousands of people being directed at coding who have little interest or aptitude for it and sign up for an expensive dev boot camp to realize afterward it's not for them. Fortunately, the one I went through to learn this lesson was financed by a city government grant and there was no out-of-pocket cost for me. 
The effortless pairing of the W1 chip is a big factor, but it's not the only one. I've had my AirPods for over a year now, and the main draws for me are:   

1. Truly Wireless (I hate wireless earbuds connected by a cord)  
2. Not Isolating - I usually wear my AirPods walking around the city or on a hike and I want to hear the environment around me.  
3. Battery Worries are a thing of the past - I always have my AirPods either in my ears or in the case; this means they very rarely go down to 10% power and if they do, I just pop one out of my ear and back into the case for 10 minutes, put that one back in my ear and put the other one back in the case for 10 minutes, and I've got another 3-4 hours of power. I plug in the battery case at my desk while I work, and if I've forgotten to do so for whatever reason, my portable battery can charge them as well.  
4. Form Factor - Having decent earbuds always with me is amazing. If I end up with time to kill, they're sitting in the fifth pocket of my jeans, not in my backpack or at my desk. 
5. Easy to swap audio input between my iPhone, Mac, iPad, Apple Watch, and Apple TV. Usually, it's just a swipe up from whatever device, tap the audio source button, and tap the AirPods. 
6. Easy replacements. If my dog chews up a single AirPod, I can go to any Apple Store and buy a new one for $70, which isn't cheap, but much cheaper than having to buy a new set for $160. 

Honestly, they're convenient enough that I rarely use any other headphones or earbuds anymore. I hate being tethered by a wire now. 
Go check out /r/keto if you're interested in following a HFLC diet. Read some of the studies and watch some of the videos in the sidebar and see if it makes sense to you. Keto works very well for me, but individual body response is highly idiosyncratic. Read up on it and give it a try for two weeks if it looks like it might be of benefit to you. 

As far as specific food requests, I typically try to cook a meat dish with added fat and vegetables. My favorite is to reverse-sear a ribeye and make creamed spinach as a side. Plenty of other recipes [here](http://cavemanketo.com/category/food/dinner/) as well as on on other sites.
I've been Orthodox for almost 20 years now. If you have any questions, let me know! 
Ah okay. Interesting, thank you!
What do these numbers signify?
That’s what my Gmail account has become. 
Excellent, I just posted a few ideas. Thanks for sharing this!
It makes an interesting pairing with the JBP interview with James Altucher, where Altucher *asked* Peterson to analyze him and provide tips for improvement at the end. 
It's not just young people. I'm 39 and I have coworkers in their 40s who wear My Little Pony and Anime shirts to work (I work for an ISP). Nothing wrong with fandom shirts, I have a few Firefly, D&D,  and Star Wars shirts myself but most of these guys definitely seem to lay on the escapism too thickly as a nihilism band-aid. 
I'm getting a 504 Gateway timeout error on the link. I'm guessing it became popular on a larger sub and got the patented Reddit "Hug-o-Death"? 
The first lecture in that series, "The Idea of God" will give you everything you're looking for. The reason that Peterson seems to avoid the "Do you believe in God" question is that he rarely believes that the person asking him that question will have the same definition of "believe" and "God" that Peterson does and in Peterson's mind that makes it an unuseful question. 
Thanks for this great post. As someone who is relatively unfamiliar with Zizek I found it quite interesting!
I think it's more of the case that hundreds of YouTubers haven't started posting clips from his Personality lectures with titles like "Peterson DESTROYS Fascism!!" or "Jordan Peterson SLAMS Nazis with a sack of wet salt!!!!" in the same way that they do for his anti-left stuff.  

It's hard to filter out most of these clips channels, and I see their interpretations of JBP's views much more often on my YouTube feed than I do JBP's own video content. 
\#metoo
\*well done*
nice, thank you
Look at the Joe Rogan Experience.
Which site do you use? A lot of them look very sketchy.
I'm a devout practicing Orthodox Christian. 

I believe in one God, the Father Almighty, Maker of heaven and earth, and of all things visible and invisible. And in one Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of God, the only-begotten, begotten of the Father before all ages. Light of Light; true God of true God; begotten, not made; of one essence with the Father, by whom all things were made; who for us men and for our salvation came down from heaven, and was incarnate of the Holy Spirit and the Virgin Mary, and became man. And He was crucified for us under Pontius Pilate, and suffered, and was buried. And the third day He rose again, according to the Scriptures; and ascended into heaven, and sits at the right hand of the Father; and He shall come again with glory to judge the living and the dead; whose Kingdom shall have no end. And in the Holy Spirit, the Lord, the Giver of Life, who proceeds from the Father; who with the Father and the Son together is worshipped and glorified; who spoke by the prophets. In one Holy, Catholic, and Apostolic Church. I acknowledge one baptism for the remission of sins. I look for the resurrection of the dead, and the life of the world to come. Amen.
That's [sic]!
It's too bad he didn't get his own recording of the interview. 
Put your email address and/or Twitter username on the back!
If I'm having a small party, would putting a HomePod on my back deck (assuming it's not raining) work well for music or would the lack of walls confuse the active sound processing?
Not to mention that what they learned in making the HomePod will probably also get used in every other product they make. Even if they make the iPhone's speaker's 10% better, that would justify a lot of the R&D cost for the HomePod. 
Yeah, I spent a lot of time going through bag reviews and buying 5-10 backpacks a few years ago before I settled on my Tom Bihn Synapse 25. Since then, the itch has been sufficiently scratched.
It is for me. I write a lot by hand, and fountain pens require almost no pressure compared to ballpoint or gel pens, so I can write for longer without my hand cramping. Also, it's a much more pleasant experience in every way possible unless you start collecting expensive pens. So far, I have avoided the "hobby" of fountain pen collection. 
Go make one! I'll participate!
Not yet, between my full-time day job, full-time university courseload, and 1/2 kids down the flu, I haven't time to do much that isn't absolutely required of me, other than the occasional sanity break to check social media. 
Good to know. For brass musical instruments, there is an alloy of brass with more copper referred to as "rose brass", I guess the lead balances out the characteristics of the extra copper?
You have my upvote...
Thanks for the information. That's a good reason to get your mouthpiece replated! I'm mainly thinking of EDC items like brass key fobs, fountain pens, and the like that will probably be handled daily. I don't suppose the exposure would be especially high or you'd hear of people getting lead poisoning from skeleton keys and pocket knives for decades. 
Well, oxygen and water are both toxic in sufficient concentrations, so it's no surprise that lead is perfectly safe in a low-enough concentration. Please update the post when you get the results! 
When did the brass industry change the amount of lead in the alloy? I like brass items, and it'd be nice to know what to look for and/or avoid. 
Nice, I'm sure that pen has a lot of sentimental and practical value to you. Yes, it's called a nib. Lots of info on /r/fountainpens and on YouTube if you ever have any issues. 
It's the same principle as with your Maui's. I write with both cheap Papermate pencils and with a nice Twisbi fountain pen. I'm pretty careless with the pencils, they're less than $1/each, but I always know where my $30-50 pen is located. 
Excellent. I'll check it out. Thank you!
Nice!  I’ve got around 2k minis from the first four sets. I keep meaning to sell them, but I still want to play again someday. 
That looks interesting. It reminds me much more of the D&D Minis game than Dreamblade, but looks like a lot of fun. I’ll have to check it out, thanks!
Check out some of the minis:  
* [Bloodthirsty Redcap](http://ahzzz.com/catalog/images/db%20base%2078.jpg)  
* [Little Charmer](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/a4/1b/5c/a41b5cd8b10190ea2d78218482bdf7a8.jpg)  
* [Stained Glass Angel](http://ahzzz.com/catalog/images/db%20nf%2009.jpg)  
* [Baxar the Soulstitcher](https://crystal-cdn3.crystalcommerce.com/photos/375598/medium/Baxar_s_War_-_032_Baxar_the_Soulsticher.jpg)  
* [Blademiller](https://crystal-cdn4.crystalcommerce.com/photos/375661/medium/Anvilborn_-_053_Blademiller.jpg)  
* [Archangel Tommy](https://farm8.static.flickr.com/7206/7007327194_8b2d5291d6_b.jpg)  
* [Thunder Sultan](http://crystal-cdn4.crystalcommerce.com/photos/375739/medium/Base_Set_-_069_Thunder_Sultan.jpg)  
* [Gun Behemoth](http://www.miniaturetrading.com/img/miniatures/Dreamblade/885/big/21.jpg)
I keep hoping that FFG will buy up the rights and rerelease the game in a form factor similar to X-Wing. They could even reskin it to an Arkham Horror theme easily enough if necessary, but I like the original theme.
[BGG Entry](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/22897/dreamblade)  The euphemism I always use with Dreamblade is that it is what you would get if you combined MTG with chess, kind of like the holographic chess in Star Wars.  

It's a 2-player competitive collectible miniatures game where each person constructs a 12-mini warband. Combat occurs by rolling a specific number of custom d6s  that have 1, 2, or 3 damage, miss, miss, or a dreamblade. A dreamblade symbol on a die can be used to power special abilities like shifting other miniatures around the grid, attacking miniatures in remote grids, pushing other creatures away, etc. Players can win a round by either destroying the most opposing creatures or by controlling the most valuable center grids. Whichever player is the first to win six rounds wins the game.  

What I like about it is that it combines the best of MTG deck-building with tactical spatial combat, an interesting theme with gorgeous minis, and a wide variety of interesting combinations and abilities. WotC planned for it to be a big cash cow game and announced a $100,000 tournament as well as many $10,000 and $1,000 tournaments. It started off strong, but when it started to stall after about a year, WotC pulled the plug on it.  

Amazingly enough, the 2006 flash demo of the game is still alive on [WotC's page](https://www.wizards.com/dreamblade/demo/demo.asp) even though the game has been dead since 2007. 
Dreamblade. It's been 10 years, and I haven't found anything that scratches the same itch. 
Was the primary motivation for moving your site host from Bluehost to Siteground the speed increase or were there other factors as well? 
I'm normally the same, but I'll probably upgrade my 6s+ for the "X+" that comes out in September because I want the screen size, but I'll keep that phone for a while. 
As someone who wrote for a Gawker-network blog for two years, I can't stand to read any of them anymore. Ugh. 
Nice pouch!
I hope it's a separate app. I don't allow my children to use YouTube unsupervised (check out r/elsagate) and this would be the only way I'd seriously consider it. 
I'm nearly ready to sign up. I'm an American who studies online at the University of London and drinks loose leaf Yorkshire Gold in my handmade brown betty. 
This is also one of the reasons, large, clean, well-staffed gas station chains like Wawa and QT get so much more business than dodgier one-offs. You know that you'll get a clean bathroom, there will be enough visibility that you won't feel nervous stopping in at night, and they will have decent snack options.
Someone should make a Greyjoy-themed banner with a lobster and the motto "We do not sow identity politics". 
This pretty much tells me everything I need to know about the source - [More on this story](https://i.imgur.com/eM1fEJq.png).
Hey, another Volt owner!
I hope he can take a nice long vacation with his family on a sandy beach once the book tour is over.
I wet mine with hydrogen peroxide. 
Yeah, Henry's is okay, but nothing special. I'd say:  

Smokin' Pig > Bucky's > Henry's > Diggers\Smoke on the Water > Mutts > Little Pigs
I loved going to the Bucky's in Fountain Inn when I lived there. 
Boardwalk (a tabletop gaming store in a strip mall behind Haywood Mall) has a pretty good Field Notes selection. Barnes and Noble has Moleskine and also pens and pencils. 
Tim Ferriss is really excellent as well. I'm not a big fan of The Nerdist, but Chris Hardwick is also a great interviewer. 
I'm normally very diligent about making sure I remove the case from my pockets when I go to bed at night (because I usually put them to listen to music while my wife watches some kind of banal drama on Netflix) but after a year of owning AirPods I slipped up. Oh well. 
I did this last week. The AirPods themselves were fine, but the case was blown. 
Perhaps not if Apple ends up going with their own processor. All they'd really need to do is stick whatever current generation iPad CPU in the current Mac Mini case and you'd get a capable system without having to reinvent the wheel. 
It also doesn't take into account that power creation is highly regional. I have an EV but all of the electricity in my area comes from the nuclear plant that is an hour away.  

To be fair though, both sides are guilty of the same thing. That doesn't make it right that Prager is doing so here, and we need to point it out when it happens no matter the source.
I was mainly frustrated for both of them. It was like a case of epistemological blue balls. 
Hopefully not another two-hour debate on the nature of truth. 
Agreed. I finally started to get my act together around 28, and at 39 I'm still putting the pieces together, but I'm far from the nihilistic hell I experienced from 18-28.   

If you're anything like me, you exactly how negative feedback loops can iterate to suck all of the joy out of life. It took me a long damn time, but I've finally realized that positive feedback loops also work, and can provide the same effect in reverse to make your life more meaningful. Just find something small that means something to you and be faithful to it, whether that's a faith, an ideal, or even just adopting a pet from a shelter. 

OP, your post sounds like you're a solipsistic prisoner of your own expectations. Get of our your head for a while, if you can, and try to find something genuine that gives you even a tiny bit of purpose. 
From my brief observation, Praeger U (and Dennis Praeger in general) seem to be middle-of-the-road morally and ethnically conservative similar to Bill Whittle. 
It's great how they could incorporate the A8 chip into a dedicated function like this. It makes me wonder what kind of crazy pro camera Apple could make if they took a high-end body and lens setup and added an A11 for software processing. 
I think Apple is dragging its heels on this intentionally so anyone who might become an Apple Music subscriber gets on board and once that is done they'll finally open up SiriKit to third-party audio apps. I can't wait until I can use Siri with Overcast. 
I'd enjoy seeing an Apple version of the Bose L1 wireless PA package. That could be a very versatile system for gigging musicians, presentations, DJ/Karaoke setups, or even just putting on a back deck for a party. If it had a similar price and sound output but integrated with AirPlay and had beamforming, it would be a killer prosumer setup. 
Yes, we're all going to die. That means there isn't time to waste, and you should work on figuring out and achieving the best thing you can envision to give your life meaning and purpose. 

That said, we can't be "on" all the time, or else we'll just be a ball of anxiety--we need hobbies to provide recreation. If reading posts about the contents of your pockets gives you a break from your work, it is worth doing for that reason.  
Temple of Doom would have been so much better with her instead of Willie Scott.
It helps remineralize your teeth. [Source](http://www.dentistryiq.com/articles/2011/01/novamin-an-active.html) My teeth were very sensitive to temperatures and brushing with Novamin toothpaste got rid of that after a couple of weeks. 
4th century with St. Basil the Great's Hexameron.
I like toothpaste with Novamin - in the US you can only get it from dentists who charge $20+ a tube, but the UK version of Sensodyne has it for $4-5 a tube and I can order it on Amazon Prime.
When I bought my house, it wasn't too far away from Black Friday, and I picked up a Milwaukee M12 drill and impact driver set for $100 with three batteries and the charger. It's been a great value for the past few years, and wish I could pick up more M12 tools on the cheap.
Hopefully, the third appearance will as better than the second as the second appearance was from the first!
Sure, but all of your other examples are individual intellectuals and not a movement in general, which is what I imagine that you'd get with having your search term as "Marx" and not as "Karl Marx".  

I suppose if you searched for "New Atheists" you'd probably get higher numbers than just Dawkins, Harris, etc. My quibble was regarding the usage of "Marx" because the movement of Marxism would also be included. 
Yeah, but there are a lot of Marxist philosophers those results would cover such as Althusser and Gramsci. 
I want to see Peterson and Sam Harris together on JRE. Rogan would be a good balancing force and could help keep the conversation moving. You can tell that Peterson and Weinstein probably disagree on as many issues as they agree on, but because they worked together early on JRE they have a working respect for each other. I'd like to see Peterson and Harris evolve into that dynamic if possible. 
Exactly. There's a difference between being biased and ideologically possesed. We all have a worldview from which we think life would be better for everyone if adopted, but that doesn't mean we can't objectively consider viewpoints outside of our positions in a dialectic effort.  

I think Shapiro is pretty good at this. He is a religious Jew who has moral leanings toward sexuality and drugs, but he is not trying to legislate his personal morality but is putting his effort where he can achieve the best effect. I wish more people would learn this. On the flip side, he often comes off as insulting , so I really cannot recommend most of his videos to a politically-neutral audience. I will share a JBP, Bill Whittle, or Dave Rubin video on my Facebook feed, but I would not share a Shapiro, Milo, or Crowder video there. 
[Newman!](http://www.seinfeldscripts.com/images/newman1.jpg)
I've never really watched MSM news, so I've heard the name Tucker Carlson, but I've never seen him before. Honestly, he seemed to fanboy-out a little over the good doctor. 
Ah okay, we never had their TV service, just 65 Mbps internet for $60/mo compared to the $85 or so we pay for 50 Mbps now. Not a huge difference, but we've also had more seasonal outages with Northland over the past two years than with Charter.
Yeah, you're right. Too bad, that's the only plausible idea I had. 
I've heard a lot of mentions of Zizek, but I have not heard the man himself. Could someone please link me to a few video clips that might give a good introduction to his style and basic areas of expertise? 

I'm open to diving into a multi-hour lecture, but I'd prefer to start with an appetizer. 
I like [Dan Carlin's analysis of American healthcare](https://www.dancarlin.com/product/common-sense-314-unhealthy-numbers/). His conclusion was that the US government already pays much more per capita for health care than any other first world country with universal health coverage.  

You have good points about cancer rates, but from acquaintances in countries with socialized medicine the frequently mentioned criticism about wait times seems to be a lot of media hype.  

I would favor a UK system where I can pay private health coverage on top of what is provided by the government for premium services. That would reduce the costs of what I pay now as a taxpayer for the entire society, I would be able to make the entreprenurial jump I've been afraid to make due to health coverage worries, and while it might not be ideal for everyone I think it is the most pragmatic solution. 
My head just starts bopping up and down with the rhythm of the song as though I were exiting the atmosphere.
Maybe the pill contained an organic colony of nanites that could from whatever organ was needed? If that's the case, Bones would just have to send the firmware for a kidney from his tricorder and then give her the pill. 
I had Charter in my previous house for years. Customer service was not pleasant, but the uptime, speed, and price were all much better than the ISP I work for. 
Let's just say my family is still excited by the new Bojangles and leave it at that. :)
This also makes me wonder if most places that efficiently use hydroelectric and/or geothermal energy generation have done so. If not, that seems like something we should take care of first. 
Very interesting. We have a lot of Charter in my area, but my town had an exclusive contract with Northland Cable that ends this year. I'm hoping Charter will soon become an option. 
Indeed. For me, it creates a positive feedback loop. 
Because for a brief shining moment, Peterson broke through her ideological possession and allowed the real Cathy Newman and not her persona to address what he was saying. It appeared to me as though realization dawned upon her that she was perhaps not just a foot solider in a zero-sum cultural war and could find a better path for herself and everyone she cares about. 
To some degree at least. With pipe smoking, the usual method is to puff on the pipe rather than to inhale into the lungs. I and most other pipe smokers I know personally do not use filters in their pipes that support them.  From the last time I researched this a decade ago, the primary risk to frequent pipe/cigar smokers is mouth cancer rather than lung cancer. 

There are disputed claims, but pipe smokers form such a small part of the population, I don't think there have been any real studies on them since the 90s. There is a correlation that, since most people who smoke pipes tend to engage in lower-stress lifestyle choices, there is a common misconception that pipesmokers have an average longer lifespan than nonsmokers. To this, I would say that correlation does not equal causation.  

I smoke a pipe on average of twice a week and one or two months a year I won't smoke at all. I am not making a claim that it is a healthy habit, but I feel that it is a minor vice compared to many others.  Like in any other controversial subject, I would urge you to do your research, consult experts you have access to, and come to your own conclusions. 
You can also download an ebook copy of older edition of The Portable Jung for free through [archive.org](https://archive.org/details/ThePortableJung).
1" of screen size growth from the current Macbook could be considered an incentive, plus it would be thinner and lighter than the Pro, which Apple thinks is an incentive. 
I'm not saying there would be an incentive, I'm just saying that $1299 is the current price of the Macbook and that if the Air is discontinued, I am doubtful the Macbook will gain an inch of size and go down in price. I guess we'll find out in a few months.
Agreed. I think instead we should make it our goal as a society that it is perfectly okay to live your life as adult gay/trans person and not be fearful of unfair discrimination but that doesn't mean we need to demolish binary genders as "biological determinism" and heterosexual normativity as an "oppressive hegemony" to accomplish it. 

I think a lot of people have gone through a lot of harmful experiences and think the best way to prevent those same abuses in future generations is to remake society to prevent any possible type of discrimination and we end up erring in the opposite direction trying to force gender and sexual identity confusion while most kids are probably more concerned with video games and avoiding homework. 

I think the best possible outcome would be to socially incentivize people toward cisnormative heterosexuality but not to penalize people who are outside of that majority. If your kid goes through a process of discovery and thinks they're gay/trans, the best course would be for them to seek out an expert and talk it through. If their journey leads to an affirmation of an identity as gay/trans, then I feel the best use of societal pressure would be to accept their investigated choice and join that community while still being a productive citizen taxpayer in the overall community. 

Right now we have the worst of both worlds: a system that divides people toward extremes where no one ever hears that other and everyone feels like a victim of the other side whether they are or not. What I've proposed is not an ideal solution for a lot of people who care more about ideological power structures than pragmatism, but I think it's workable and it's something we can build from a grassroots movement to bypass the politicians and the ideologues.
My autistic/ADHD teenage son has exhibited a wide variety of tics over the years. Everything from saying a one-word phrase every 30-90 seconds ("Awesome"), clearing his throat, making a "chirping" sound, clicking his tongue, eye-blinking, tapping out a rhythm, etc. The tics seem to change every few weeks. 

It was much worse in the years we tried stimulants for ADHD but it still persists involuntarily. His psychologist feels that it isn't a cause for concern, but I've always wondered if there was a chance of him also having a mild case of Tourette's. 
That's why I don't have any tattoos. It would cut too much into my bourbon/steak/books/boardgames budget. 
I'd love a 15" Macbook with a better keyboard and two Thunderbolt 3 ports and a single USB-A port to replace my 2015 15" rMBP. I'm not doing anything that utilizes a lot of system resources, but I'm a big guy who finds 13" laptops too confining. 
Yeah. $1299 seems more likely. 
Honestly, my reading list from my four classes is lengthy enough that I probably wouldn't be able to start the book until the end of the month anyway. This was mostly an exercise in being disagreeable. 
On that level, you're completely correct, but I find Twitter to be effective to reach out to people who are reasonably higher than I am on the competancy hierarchy yet not really famous in the same way as the VPOTUS or even JBP.  

I've had interesting and meaningful Twitter exchanges with Jonathan Pageau, Dr. Orin Amitay, and a few others. I've also used it to get customer support much more quickly than through email or waiting on a phone queue. 

I mostly use Twitter as a type of RSS feed. 
Agreed. I mostly align with the views of the [American Solidarity Party](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Solidarity_Party) and of Chesterton-style [Distributism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Distributism), but neither has any traction and probably won't anytime soon. 
He should really consider embedding some of his JBP Clips videos into the longer videos. I enjoy some of the third-party clips (Philosophy Insights is usually pretty good) but some of them I avoid due to the hyperbolic titles (10 times Jordon Peterson DESTROYED SJWS!!!). Most people who are curious probably won't immediately go for a multi-hour podcast, personality lecture, or interview and he should be pushing his own clips. 
I preordered on Barnes and Noble two weeks ago, and my current order status is that it won't arrive until the 29th. I am disappointed in this and am using it as an excuse to temper my very high rate of agreeableness. 

I engaged in a friendly expression of unhappiness with the online help representative to see if they would offer me the ability to pick it up tomorrow at my local Barnes and Noble. The CSR told me that the way that preorders work on Barnes and Noble is that the item is shipped on the release date and not shipped earlier with the expectation to arrive at my home on the day of release. I made two separate requests for escalation after the CSR failed to offer any solutions and was directed to phone support. 

When I get a little more time, I will call the phone support and record the conversation. I don't expect to get the book any earlier, but it will be fun to see where this goes. 
A lot of people don't have someone who is willing to listen to them discuss these topics and latch upon these opportunities to try and find someone to connect with.
Same here. I was just happy that Orthodox ranked higher than "Other". :) 
That's a nice list and includes several people I'm not familiar with. Thanks!
I mostly use mine for coffee--I don't like the way stevia tastes in coffee. 
I use [liquid sucralose](https://www.amazon.com/SucraDrops-Premium-Sucralose-Sweetener-Servings/dp/B00VL9Q4WW/) to avoid the carbs that come in granulated sucralose.
wings and whiskey
Good to know. I haven't been to a Cici's in years, but there's one only a few miles from my house. I might have to bring the kiddos there.
I'm a college dropout who worked my way up to a decent technical writer/network analyst position at a massive telecom company. The banality of the 'TPS Report'-like documentation I create wears on me, so last year I did a lot of self-reflection and went back to full-time university studies at the age of 38.  

Once I finish my bachelor's degree in 2021 I plan on leaving my job for an in-state masters program 7 miles from my house with the end-goal of becoming a high school teacher. By then my mortgage should be gone which will allow for a better quality of life than I currently enjoy on a teacher's income.   

This new orient for my life has energized me and provided the sense of purpose and urgency that has been lacking for years. 
You can just have her put it up on Medium.com and then you can share the link here, tweet it to JBP/Christina Hoff-Sommers/etc. Depending on how the narrative is crafted, I can see that appealing to a lot of the "intellectual dark web".   

But, if she's not interested, no harm no foul. 
Excellent. Thanks for sharing your perspective. If she's interesting that would make for a fascinated op-ed piece. 
Well done. Glad to see it made a positive impact!
She views him as a feminist in the sense that his work can lead to an empowerment of individual women who follow his prescriptions to engage more fully with life? Yeah, I can see that. Interesting perspective, I hadn't really thought of it from that angle. 
I didn't see the soundbite 4-minute version that probably ran on live TV. Does anyone know if the short version included that exchange?
A close friend of mine became an addict while working at a bagel shop and it took him a few years to sort his life out. He's still in the food industry, but now he's a chef at a boarding school and he's getting married soon, so hopefully the atmosphere there is better for him. 
Bookbinding - make your own books; you buy the paper stock, cut it to size, sew the binding by hand, and the make covers out of cardboard/paper/etc. 
Leathercraft - start small with making pouches, wallets, etc. You can get started for less than $100
Chainmail - all you need are wire cutters, pliers, and rolls of fencing wire. Makes interesting jewelry, keychains, and even armor if you really want to get into it.    
Tying Fishing Flies - I don't know too much about this, but it seems to fit the requirements and I think you can sell them for decent money.  
Knifemaking - all you need is a belt sander from harbor freight and few other hand tools to make basic fixed blade knives from bar stock.  
Ah, I didn't see the rectangle border around the last digit on the yellow can. Now that I've seen it clearly marked on the red one, it's easier to make out. Thanks!
Thanks for the great tutorial! One question: I don't see a check digit inside of a rectangle for the container. Did I miss something obvious or is it not near the tracking number on the container?
I really dig the case. I wonder if a Wave would fit in there?
Thanks for the link! The brown leather listed is kind of an ugly pouch, but the navy blue case doesn't look bad. 
Here are the paragraphs I thought contained the best takeaways:


> To say as Ivan does in The Brothers Karamazov, that if there is no God then everything is permitted, is not to say we must be rapists and pillagers: it is not to say we must be anything, because that infers some kind of objective and universally true basis for ascribing moral attributes to animal behavior. We are the ones that label raping and pillaging as a certain kind of behavior with moral overtones; beyond the mere facts of the actions themselves. The behaviors are factual (speaking in reductive physical terms) whereas the moral interpretations are not. Using materialism as the full explanation of reality means we can no longer continue with the behavior and society that were handed down when a totally different set of assumptions existed.
&nbsp;

> When we conclude that nature is a blind and indifferent mother, and our presence is a fleeting and unplanned chance event, we are no longer obliged to submit to genetically or socially determined rules of behavior. The ones who want to remain subservient to fabricated moral codes of behavior may do so; those who rebel are also in their ‘right’. The one who defines humanity as a bag of chemicals with no more free will than a lump of sugar, existing in a mindless universe that is a product of chance only, cannot seriously label others as ‘evil’ in the profound and ultimate sense—without holding on to a delusion.
  

> The modern technological democratic societies are especially skilled at keeping us distracted until the moment we die. Hedonism, consumerism (a temporary cure for depression if you have the money), individualism, self-empowerment, endless forms of entertainment, sports, career building, wealth creation, the promise of the future, new and ever better technological toys, and for many it is social and political ideologies—-all of this can be very powerful and distracting. No one living in modern secular societies can in good faith claim that religion is the opiate of the people, rather it is consumerism and choice. As David Bentley Hart notes, today it is irreligion that is the opiate of the people. But what happens if the entertainment industry ceases to be entertaining? What happens when careers fail to satisfy, when the hype of the new becomes monotonous? What happens when politicos and social reformers actually get what they want but paradise is not realized?
  

> Most materialists want to believe morality and societal norms are actually and truly real. The reason for this is fairly obvious— they don’t want to be treated according to their own definitions. It is one thing to define oneself as a mere collection of particles with no free will, but quite another to be treated that way. Certainly they need to foster the illusion for the propagation of society and culture, but that is solely utilitarian. So they pretend that certain human actions really are good and others really are bad, rather than just labels they place on things according to the prevailing political, social, scientific, and religious fashions of the day.
  

> Morality within materialism is like the game of chess—the rules hold so long as we agree they do. If someone decides the King can move two spaces in each direction, the game cannot be played with those who hold to the classical rules. We know chess is a form of pretending, a game, so we can choose to create a new version and if enough people choose our version over the old one, then we replace the old with the new one. This is often referred to as progress.
I wish I could find one of these in dark brown or olive green. It's hard to find accessories in earth tones to fit in with all of my Saddle Brown leather. 
It seems to be a case of Apple both adopting the standard Qi protocol while adding proprietary value. This way, you can charge your friend's Samsung phone on the pad, but if you put a compatible Apple product on the pad, extra stuff happens.  

Assuming that is correct, I am very happy to support Apple for having its cake and eating it too as long as the cost for AirPower isn't too high to swallow! 
My God, it's full of stars.
Thanks for letting me know about /r/Jung! I wonder how many other brilliant thinkers have a subreddit. 

Brief search: 
/r/einstein/  
/r/Freud/  
/r/Kant/  
/r/locke is banned for some reason  
/r/schopenhauer/  
/r/descartes is a private sub  
/r/dostoyevsky is also private  
there is no /r/rsolzhenitsyn  
/r/Nietzsche/  
/r/CSLewis/  
/r/JRRTolkien/  
/r/GKChesterton/

I'm not sure why I never did that before. Thanks OP!
Seriously. 

https://imgur.com/a/9BCR9

If you're going to call someone out directly, have the integrity to at least attempt to back up your accusation. 
Yeah, a lot of well-designed multi-player games have a solo option. Check out Arkharm Horror, Agricola, Viticulture, Race for the Galaxy, etc. Most of these either have you playing a version of solitaire to achieve a certain object in a certain amount of time or have a card deck for an "AI" player and you resolve their actions between each of your turns. 
The full post is definitely worth reading, but here is the crux of the reply to me:  

> Re-read your own post, and think about your actual position. You've publicly asked a network to fire the narrator of a hit show because you might not share his personal beliefs. Don't you think that's kind of...extraordinary? Not only are you unwilling to engage with someone you disagree with – you can’t even enjoy a show you claim to love if you suspect the narrator might not share your view of the world! Do you know how insular that makes you sound? How fragile?

> I just visited your page, and read your own description of you. It was revealing. It says, “I stand my ground. I fear no one & nothing. I have & will fight for what's right.”

> Maybe I’m missing something, but I don't think the ground you’re standing on is worth defending. If you truly fear “no one & nothing,” it’s not because you’re brave; it’s because you’re unwilling to expose yourself to ideas that frighten you. And while I can see that you like to fight for what you think is “right” (in this case, getting people fired that you disagree with,) one could easily say the same thing about any other misguided, garden-variety bully.

> In other words, Rebecca, I don’t think you give a damn about science. If I’m wrong, prove it. Take a step back and be skeptical about your own assumptions. Take a moment to doubt your own words, and ask yourself – as any good scientist would – if you've got your head up a black hole.
Android has a lot of great features and I love how the competition between it and iOS keep both at their best, but it is not for me anymore. Maybe I'll feel differently in five years, but right now it feels like while a single phone or feature from the Android world can best the Apple equivalent, the total package of having an integrated Apple hardware stack is way better for my family.
I like to tell people that MacOS is the best *NIX GUI available. You get all of the well-thought-out design from Apple's UI and UE groups plus unfettered access to CLI and scripting. 
Get in the habit of not introducing any if you can. I got a Sleeve in 2012, I lost 130 lbs but 20 lbs of that have crept back up and now I'm working on that. 
Definitely. Duet is useful for what I do (research on one screen, writing app on another), but there's definitely a lag. 
Mine was a druid named Arcanus. I was a bit confused.
Bluetooth mouse/touchpad/graphics tab plus a full version of Creative Cloud would do wonders for a lot of people. 
Good points. I have everything in iCloud or Dropbox, so I've never really looked into deeply. Hopefully, this will eventually get addressed.
It's definitely not a *good* option, but it's there. 
Definitely. I get the original paradigm was finger inputs only, but we've had the Pencil and Bluetooth keyboards for a while now. It feels dumb to not have my Magic Mouse and Magic Trackpad not work with my IPP. 
Can't you already use [this adapter](https://www.apple.com/shop/product/MD821AM/A/lightning-to-usb-camera-adapter) for this functionality?

A Thunderbolt USB-C drive should accomplish that objective. If you have a drive with a USB-A connection, you'd have to upgrade.  

I don't own any USB-C thumb drives yet, but I almost never use thumb drives anyway. 
Is there a way to edit what info comes up when you ask Siri "Who's phone is this?" When I do that, I get my name and the number of my iPhone. That's not terribly useful if I don't have my iPhone in hand. I'd rather have it display my email address or my wife's phone number. 
Thanks for the info. I'll probably get it for a month this summer to finally go through the new Star Trek series after my exams when I want to binge watch shows I've missed since the start of the term in September. 
Thanks for the info! Yes, 'worthwhile' is definitely subjective. 
Interesting, I didn't know about this discount. It looks like it wouldn't apply to me, though, as I'm a US citizen attending a UK undergraduate program and it stipulates you must attend a US University. 
What's worthwhile on CBS AA other than Star Trek? I don't watch a lot of TV and I'm curious. 
Confirmed, I just tried it out. 
Looks like I'm gonna have to jump!
It does not. It came out just before TFA was released. It's still worth reading. The OP was gilded 38 times and there are many subposts likewise gilded. Check it out. 
Ethnic grocery stores as well. There's a Middle Eastern restaurant in my city with a mini-grocery store that sells bulk lentils. 
[Go read the fan theory](https://www.reddit.com/r/StarWars/comments/3qvj6w/theory_jar_jar_binks_was_a_trained_force_user/). It's crazy-go-nuts in the best way possible!


The space trilogy was great, but my favorite fictional work of Lewis is [Til We Have Faces: A Myth Retold](https://www.amazon.com/Till-We-Have-Faces-Retold/dp/0062565419/). I need to read the book [Planet Narnia](https://www.amazon.com/Planet-Narnia-Seven-Heavens-Imagination/dp/019973870X/) and go back through the Narnia series afterward. 
I thought Jar-Jar was annoying, but didn't see him as the elemental incarnation of a dumpster fire jumping a shark.  

I really liked the fan theory of Snoke was Jar-Jar who was a secret Sith apprentice throughout the entire prequel trilogy. 
Truly the geek have inherited the earth. 
I probably would get used to it if I made myself use it. I'd like to spend a weekend sometime this summer and go through a tutorial and hopefully become accustomed to using it. 
[Wikipedia says it's real](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jordan_Anderson). I'm very glad to hear it, that's the best letter I've read in a long time!
That sounds like a good argument for buying a Pencil!  

I love to write by hand using my fountain pens on good paper, but I don't enjoy the tactile sensation of using the Apple Pencil. 
Yes, I'd love to see this as a default command on any video playback and even on the controller for my Apple TV. 
Does Hulu have separate user accounts like Netflix? 
That seems like a good strategy. The amount they lose by going by a more-expensive local source is offset by the marketing gain. 
I don't think it's problematic to expose Freshman literature majors to Theory. I think the biggest issue is that the addition to postmodernism to Theory itself which gutted most prior schools of literary criticism and decentered the historical tradition of English studies as to build ethical/moral character from the study of literature. 

Anglo-American Liberal Humanism, The New Criticism of I.A. Richards and T.S. Eliot, Structuralism of de Sassure, Archetypal Criticism of Jung/Frye only seem to be remembered as "historical case studies" after Derrida's "Structure, Sign, and Play in the Discourse of the Human Sciences" and subsequent work by Lyotard and Baudrillard. If all human knowledge is based on political/social forces and not on objective truth, there is no up or down; no frame of reference that we can use to orient ourselves within the universe.   

Psychoanalytic criticism is still around, but it seems to be only be taken seriously if you practice Lacanian methods and not Freudian. It's the same story with Marxist criticism--if you're on Team Althusser, you're okay, otherwise, you're outed as a "Vulgar Marxist" (not that I have a problem with that), and Feminist Criticism is split between the French postmodern version and the Anglo-American school that didn't. I'm not too familiar with Queer Criticism, Ecocriticism, Narratology, or Darwinian literary criticism, so I'll refrain from commenting about those.   

What we need is a counter to Critical Theory.   

Western Civilization still exists, and I feel that we need to make a reforged [Anduril](http://tolkiengateway.net/wiki/And%C3%BAril) that retains the heroic archetypal grand narratives that form the best of the Western Tradition as expressed through individual pursuit but without the Eurocentrism/Androcentrism aspects that are, liturgically speaking, the "accidents" of Western Civilization but are not consubstantial with it.  

Deconstruction/Postmodernism/Poststructuralism/etc have served to Decenter the Universe in an effort to shake the patriarchal chains that have bound the oppressed and create endless opportunity now that we can have "infinite diversity in infinite combinations" since there can be no grand narrative (other than the utterance "there can be no grand narrative" itself). The first fruits of that decentering were a sense of radicalism and revolution, but after that initial bliss it seems as if the bitterness of futile nihilism is what remains.   

We need to respond by creating a new school of criticism that can critique grand narratives as products of imperfect humans yet still follow them because of faith in either God or in Pragmatic Ontology. A school that can blend the best of Peterson, Howard Bloom, Mortimer Adler, and others into an effort to literature studies in particular and the humanities in general to inspire human beings to better themselves and care for others.  

We've had enough of tearing the world apart by exposing the flaws and weaknesses of our civilization. We need to work to create a structure where people will again desire to sort themeslves out by measuring themselves against imperfect heroes like Odysseus, Joan of Arc, Jean Valjean and many others; all of them flawed, but all of whom have something to teach us about what it means to be human. 
Cards Against Humanity (CAH) is an interesting case study. The company was founded by eight friends who created the "party game for horrible people", brought it to an early success on Kickstarter, and is now are well known for their gonzo marketing campaigns and the mainstream availability of CAH at big-box retail locations. 

One of the founders has a background in politics and the game and the PR I have seen from my limited exposure (I've played a dozen or so sessions over the years and read a few AMAs here on Reddit) seem to suggest the founders care deeply about furthering their political beliefs mostly by mocking those they disagree with ideologically.  

While I'm not a huge fan of the game itself (shock value humor seems kind of played out, I'd rather play [Telestrations](https://www.boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/46213/telestrations)), I do admire the various ways they live out their philosophies by participating in such projects as [their own voluntary experiment in wealth redistribution](https://cardsagainsthumanityredistributesyourwealth.com/) and their brand image and register of communications is designed to appeal to those of us here on Reddit.   

My purpose in sharing this link here is start a discussion to see if anyone else is reminded of the work of Marshall McLuhan ("The medium IS the message") when it comes to how CAH approaches their business and their politics. 
I have similar moments in my literary analysis class. I have to read essays by Barthes, de Beauvoir, Cixous, Focault, Althusser, etc, but my instructor is always keen to point out the differences between where each group differs and that none of them have a primary claim to the truth.  

She just wants us to know what Critical Theory is and how we can apply it to texts to perform a Marxist/Feminist/Poststructuralist/Etc reading. On the exams, we have to demonstrate a surface-level knowledge of the development of criticism trends and to know 3-4 critical schools in enough detail to perform a literary analysis in that style. It's way more balanced than I thought it would be at the beginning of the term. 
Thanks for the reply! I'm listening to the audiobook of 'Man and His Symbols' and will then proceed to "Archetypes and the Collective Unconscious". I might first check out the Modern Library's one-volume [collection of Jung's writing](https://www.amazon.com/Basic-Writings-Jung-Modern-Library/dp/067960071X/) to give an overview, especially since my library has this book and not "Archetypes" on its own. 
At least it isn't flying. Gotta watch out for those noodly appendages!
Would you recommend the same path for someone who is approaching Jung from the [archetypal literary criticism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Archetypal_literary_criticism) frame of reference?  

I am currently reading Northrop Frye and want to have at least a basic literary understanding of Jung's work from which to approach Shakespeare and other classic literature. 
I've always been a reader, but over the past two decades I've slowed down to a dozen or so books per year. Last year, I returned to University at age 38 and now I spend 4-5 hours reading/writing per day, so I've definitely had to grapple with becoming a more thorough reader.  

On a suggestion from a professor, I bought a copy of [How to Read a Book](https://www.amazon.com/How-Read-Book-Intelligent-Touchstone/dp/0671212095/) by Mortimer Adler. This book was written in the 1940s and revised in the 1970s and deals with how to read various types of books.  The meat of the book is his section on [Rules for Analytical Reading](http://faculty.tcu.edu/grant/30643/HOWTOREADABOOK.PDF) - that link gives the rules in outline format, but Adler himself lays out several good examples of each of these rules in works by Aristotle, Darwin, Newton, etc.  

If I'm studying a book analytically, I will both mark it up while I'm reading it and then write up my observations afterward. Here's my process for a chapter of a book or an essay:   

1. MARKUP: While reading the chapter/essay, I will underline passages, circle quotes, and write observations and rebuttals in the margins. If I have to look up a word in a dictionary, I will circle the word and write the definition in the margin. If the passage is laying out a multi-part argument, I will put marks (#1, #2, #3) near each step of the argument. If the book I'm reading doesn't have an index, I'll create my own [index of ideas](https://shawnblanc.net/2016/03/an-index-of-ideas/). 

2. FORMULATE/RESTATE: When I'm finished with the chapter/essay, I take my pencil and find one great quote that I want to capture as the synthesis of what the chapter is about. I will also reconstruct an outline of what I learned from the chapter on the whitespace around the chapter markings. If it is a difficult work, I may restate the argument of the author in my own words. This will make more sense when you read about...  

3. NOTATE: I will open up my notebook, and write the following on a 2-5 page spread: 

* Author, Title of work - chapter (Date)  
* Summary: a one or two paragraph of the overall idea of the work in my own words  
* Key Figures (optional), if the book is talking a subject that mentions a few notable people, I will give them each a line or two with their name, birth/death years, and what makes them notable.   
* Topics Discussed - I will pick 3-5 details from the chapter or essay that are worth revisiting. I will write these in my own words and not copy text from the source.  
* Reaction - I will write about whether I agree with the author's conclusions   
* Quote - I will now open the book back up and write that quote I picked out earlier.   

4. REVISIT: The next day, I'll go back through what I wrote, making sure I can still make out everything I wrote while it's still semi-fresh in my mind. I'll also add an entry to my notebook's table of contents and tags for the type of material to my index at the back.  

This method is a huge pain in the ass and it takes me two hours or so per 10-page chapter of a weighty book, but adopting this regiment has made me a better reader and a better writer. I now have several notebooks of material I'm studying to use for revisions, and the book itself is well marked so the next time I pick that book from my shelf I can quickly scan through the relevant content. Keep in mind that not every book needs this level of detail--Adler deals well with that concept as well!

[edit - I'm not sure why REVISIT shows as #1, it's #4 in my text and the formatting follows that of the above section. Weird.]
Excellent, thank you. I found that talk and now I want to read both of Dr. Feser's books. I have added 'Five Proofs for the Existence of God' to my summer reading list. 
1. Automatically repair my AirPods with my iPhone when they haven't connected to another device in [x] hours.  
2. Better ability to screen robocalls, or at least not have my phone hijacked for 30 seconds each time.  
3. iPhone support for Cmd+Tab keyboard shortcut - I use a Windows PC at work and use a Magic Keyboard with my iPhone to message my wife, send personal emails, and manage Omnifocus. Cmd+Tab works fine on an iPad but not on iPhone. 
4. No more screen orientation bugs, please! 
5. Playlist folders in Music - I have a lot of playlists and don't want to look at 50+ of them in a long list when I'm trying to find a specific playlist. 

It'll be interesting to see if Peterson's Biblical series ever gets to the New Testament and if he has developed better definitions by that point. I think we have at least five years before he gets there! 

I haven't heard Shapiro get deeply into Aquinas or Augustine, I've only heard him name-drop them, but if you remember the source, please direct me there as I'd love to hear that conversation. 
I'll have to listen to the discussion again, but it appeared that he never went beyond a surface-level of Jewish theology, I'm sure he could have gone much deeper had he wished to. This is similar to how JBP only went into the Big 5 Personality Traits at a surface level on the H3H3 podcast. 
I'd say it's closer to half-and-half according to [this 2009 Pew Research study](http://www.pewforum.org/2009/11/05/scientists-and-belief/).  

> According to the poll, just over half of scientists (51%) believe in some form of deity or higher power; specifically, 33% of scientists say they believe in God, while 18% believe in a universal spirit or higher power. By contrast, 95% of Americans believe in some form of deity or higher power, according to a survey of the general public conducted by the Pew Research Center in July 2006. Specifically, more than eight-in-ten Americans (83%) say they believe in God and 12% believe in a universal spirit or higher power. Finally, the poll of scientists finds that four-in-ten scientists (41%) say they do not believe in God or a higher power, while the poll of the public finds that only 4% of Americans share this view.

My takeaways:  
* Scientists are much more likely to be atheists than the general population  
* Popular science spokespersons give the appearance that the majority of scientists are atheist, when it's closer to half and half  
* My theory is that many of the popular scentist spokespersons are also selling a healthy dose of [scientism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scientism) along with their empirical science.  

Additional sources: roughly 5% of the members of my Eastern Orthodox parish church are academic scientists in biology, chemistry, astronomy, and economics. [EO generally has no issue with Darwinian evolution](https://oca.org/reflections/fr.-lawrence-farley/evolution-or-creation-science). 
I'm not sure he would see it in his interest to do that. It appears to me as a casual viewer of his material that his is Orthodox Jewish and holds to the political belief of Zionism. He wears his yarmulke to both give him armor against being dismissed as a straight white man and to add an air of conservative morals to his fairly libertarian positions on many social issues. This allows him to both introduce traditional conservative morality to a libertarian audience and to introduce libertarian social positions ("the right to swing your fist ends at another man's nose") to religious right audiences. 

This stance allows him to appeal to both audiences in the same way that Peterson teaching biblical hermeneutics through a psychoanalytic lens allows him to appeal to both the areligious who are finding an approach vector to see some value in traditional Western morality and the religious conservatives who overlook his ecclesiastical unaffiliation to focus on the way he is reaching the demographics they haven't had a lot of success with in the past few decades.  

It's in both of their favors to be purposefully enigmatic to acheive their short-to-mid term goals. 
How long on average did everything take to arrive? Did you plan this out pretty far in advance?
I went with the happy medium. I have a 30-minute non-interstate commute from a small town to my smallish-medium city each way, but I was able to buy a nicer 1970s-era brick home on 1.5 acres. For the same price, I'd end up with a condo or postage stamp lot closer to the city. 
I just ran a small fundraiser for a friend. GoFundMe charges 5% plus the fees from their payment gateway (2.9% + $0.30/transacation) but YouCaring only charges the 2.9% + $0.30 per transaction. They are completely supported by donations, once someone donates, they receive a follow-up email asking for donations.  

It's been a while since I did an IndieGoGo campaign to help a friend out, but I remember that being somewhere between 3-5% three years ago.
Very nice, thank you. I have a BWW in my city that I haven't been to in months, I'll have to check it out again!
Which chain cooks wings in beef tallow?
I agree. I am a literature student who is currently working on course sections of all the standard flavors of Critical Theory (Structuralist, Post-structuralist, Psychoanalytic, Feminist, Marxist, Queer, etc) and a primary method of each of the activist-based critical schools is to fight to put the artistic works that celebrate their ideology shown as positive examples in mass media and make the opposite position seem dumb, backward, inept, etc.  Look at the rise of the 'bumbling sitcom Dad' trope.  

The current crop of intersectional ideologies are using social media groupthink to form the same type of meme-fests and echo chambers to take these tropes and memes to groom their audiences to judge any views that fall short of their ideals as not just wrong but also criminal and immoral. 
The Danger Zone?
I think it's mostly symptomatic of Reddit/Twitter/YouTube trolls from all sides. When it's easy to hide your identity and you take away the social repercussions of acting like an obnoxious ass because you're anonymous, many seem to view that as a challenge to see who can be the most reprehensible. 
Care to share the link to the intro video for Bayesian theory? I too would like to have at least a working familiarity with it.
Excellent, thank you!
Very nice. What's the leather-wrapped pipe?
> You need a new king to rise up to replace the void, not an utter destruction of the ideal of the king. In order to have a "Return of the Jedi" or "Return of the King", if you will, you need training, discipline, and motivation. None of this was shown well in the film.

Wouldn't that be for the next film to do? Remember, Empire Strikes Back didn't end with the saving of the father from the underworld (that was RotJ), it ended with Luke getting his hand cut off and Han frozen in carbonite.  

TLJ echoes ESB in that way - every character in TLJ failed at what they tried to do: Rey failed to turn Kylo the light side, Luke failed Ben with his moment of doubt at the wrong time, Snoke failed to see Kylo's true intentions, etc.  

The one difference was that, after his encounter with Rey Luke finally opened himself back up to the force which allowed him to receive a last needed lesson from Yoda that let him save the entirety of the Resistance and humiliate Ren in front of the entire First Order from across the galaxy without having to a kill a single person. It was a Jedi Master flawless victory.  

Spending time with defeated nihilistic Luke wouldn't have helped Rey much; the types of lessons Luke needed from Yoda are not the types of lessons that Rey needs to learn. But now Rey has the example of Luke's flawless victory, the wisdom of the Jedi books she took from the tree, and a force ghost Luke that has achieved some measure of enlightenment to allow her to become the "Return of the Jedi". 
Brandon Lee died in 1993, six years before the release of The Matrix and three years before Bound, The Wachowski's first film. 
> Maybe he’s just so use to lecturing
I think that is the key. He's spent so much time as the conduit of knowledge to undergraduate students that it's probably hard to shut off lecture mode even when speaking with colleagues and not students.

Hey man, I'm in a very similar situation (traumatic childhood, very low self-worth, high creativity/IQ, college dropout). I'm ahead of you in some ways (finally found a wife at 29 after only going on a handful of dates before then and I have 2.2 kids), but behind you in others (I've lost 110 lbs, but I still have 100 to lose).   

I've worked my way past entry level tech positions to a mid-level technical writer position that is extremely unfulfilling. For a while, I had convinced myself that I should be happy with this moderate level of prosperity and be happy that I'm providing for my family even if I find the work soulless.  

As I've progressed through sorting myself out, I've realized that I am finally ready to continue my evolution and went back to college full-time in addition to full-time work at age 39. By the time I'm finished with this degree and the Masters of Arts in Teaching I'm planning for afterward, I'll be around 45, which is old for a teacher, but better late than never.  

Don't compare yourself to your friends or people you grew up with. I spent a damn long time getting depressed by looking at Facebook and seeing all of the accomplishments my peers were making that I wasn't. I didn't really consider that most people only post the good things and not the bad, so I was getting a rose-colored picture of their actual life.  

According to a lot of people, I have failed at life. So what? A lot of people also hit their peak early and go downhill from there. I lost an entire decade from 18-28 in self-pity, depression, and binge eating and damned if I'm going to give any more of my life to that demon/shadow/mental illness/etc. You can do the same. The only person you need to surpass is your former self.  


As a religious Orthodox Christian, it seems like the most expedient solution is for people in your situation to adopt an identity of secular Christianity in the same way that some people are secularly Jewish.   

Yes, a lot of Christians won't understand what you're doing, but most of my co-religionists and I would be happy that you've come as far as you have and encourage you to "come and see" if opening yourself up to the possibility of Christianity being more than metaphorical truth should you want to continue further along that path.  

You may find that areas of belief that make little sense to you now will likewise be opened up to you in the future just as JBP has given you an approach vector to find value through a secular appreciation of the Bible. You may also not find any value in progressing further. Either way, I hope that your path so far has been fruitful for your life and I hope it continues to bear fruit. 
Amazing. Every word of what you just said was wrong.
Will it stain/harm the iron? 
Very nice! I got a clear one from my sis-in-law. I like it a lot better than my Metropolitan. 
Interesting, if you have any particular sources, I'd enjoy reading more about this.   

I am American but attend an online UK university and, even though I am studying in one of the more ideologically possessed fields (English literature), I have found more balance that I suspected. I am still prompted to read introductions and excerpts of Derrida, Foucault, Lacan, and Barthes in my literary criticism class as well as Marxists/Feminists, but I am also prompted to read introductions to Freud, Eliot, Frye, and others outside of the confines of 'Theory'. I can see where that class is designed to provide a favorable garden in which to cultivate deconstruction, but it is not required; all that seems to be required thus far is being able to address literary analysis from a thorough understanding of 1-3 of the major critical schools. 
I saw someone on a YouTube thumbnail wearing a t-shirt that says 'Radical Centrist'. I'm tempted to get one, but I haven't researched to see if any groups produce that branding who I would not want to be inadvertently advertising. 
I have an Apple Magic Keyboard and a Smart Keyboard. I like both, but I usually just keep the Smart Keyboard attached for convenience. 
That makes sense. 
From my understanding Machete order was designed to highlight the fall and redemption of Anakin Skywalker. It seems like starting with R1 would cement Vader as even more of a badass and start that arc off with a bang. His introduction in ANH and development in ESB would be enhanced by knowing what he could do at any moment. 
I plan on showing them to my daughter in Machete order.  

I wonder if Machete order would now be updated to throw in Rogue One at the beginning? 
Consider doing a livethread while you watch them for the first time.  

A friend of mine, a librarian in her late 30s, live-tweeted her experience of watching everything up to TFA a few years ago, and it was such fun to read the experiences that stuck out to her. It allowed me to consider the films with new eyes again. 
39 here and one of the highlights of my year was when network TV stations would replay the original trilogy. I never had the SW toys as a kid, though; most of my toys were GI Joe, He Man, and Transformers G1. 
I'm also a fan of the [RSV](https://www.biblestudytools.com/rsv/genesis/1.html); I find it to be the best balance of poetry and comprehension. The NIV is more of a paraphrase than a translation--it has its place, but I don't find it very inspiring. 
Exactly. My wife has a fear of cheap motels where the room door goes directly to the parking lot. The one time we were stuck in one of those I had to barricade the door and she didn't really sleep. We've learned that we have to get a 2.5-star hotel to avoid this. 
Good point!
It's turtles all the way down. 
Turtles are pretty wise...
Yes, that's what I had in mind.  

I suppose you could add a secondary low-power Bluetooth radio for a keep-alive connection to the iPhone from the AirPods. If you're using the AirPods to listen to audio from the AirPods case and a call comes in on your iPhone, the keep-alive connected would pause the audio plugged into the case and reconnect the iPhone to the AirPods for the call.   

You might not be able to do this in time to answer the call with the AirPods, but by the time you've manually pulled your iPhone out of your pocket and swiped 'Accept' the AirPods should have switched over to the iPhone. 
Pens. I got tired of cheap Bic ballpoints and scratchy G2 refills and I'm now very happy with two fountain pens and bottled ink. My hands cramp up much less because there's very little pressure on the hand compared to a ballpoint or rollerball. A $15 Pilot Metropolitan and $10-15 bottle of ink is all you really need—you don't have to go for a fancy Mount Blanc. 
Excellent. Let's **get at it**!
Very cool, thank you. 
Excellent! There is a Brooks Brothers store three blocks from my office that I've never visited. Now I have a reason!
If you have a guy significant other with a glitter beard, you could be the ultimately Christmas kitcschy power couple.
thanks!
I think it was because the graphite shards were an electrical conductor and could short out a circuit board if they collected in the wrong spot. Not what you'd want to have happened in space. 
When I went through the trial three years ago, their hiring salary was somewhere in the neighborhood of US$60k. In the month after I agreed to the trial but before it started, I got a promotion at my current job and it ended up being a better fit at the time. During the trial, I was paid US$25/hr. If it looks like something you want to go, there are a ton of blog posts about people who went through the experience.   

It's definitely not for everyone, but there's no real catch other than they set the expectation to get a lot done to not let down their team members so most never take a lot of their vacation time. 
Yeah, I would have loved to see that too. Maybe have Luke force pull Ren's command ship into the planet surface and then have an epic lightsaber battle, but Luke gave all of that up when he rescued his father from the Emperor. Like another poster said, Luke wouldn't have killed Ren and Ren wouldn't stop until he killed Luke. This was the most Jedi Master way to resolve the situation. I'm sure Yoda and Obi-Wan gave him immediate force ghost fist bumps immediately thereafter. 
Good advice, thank you! I think I will check those out once the holiday shopping season is over. I used to buy a particular shaving soap from B&BW but they eventually discontinued the one I liked. I haven't been there for at least five years. 
If it I were single and unattached, I would pack a backpack, go to the airport, and see where I can fly roundtrip for $200. Sure, lots of people are traveling home for the holidays, but there should also be last-minute flights for people who have no specific destination in mind. No matter what city, you could find an Airbnb or hostel for $30/night or less and spend your day walking around the city checking out free museums and outdoor concerts. It could be fun to set a hard budget ($500) for a week-long trip and refuse to spend a penny more and have to figure out how to survive.   

Plan B -  find a really cheap shack of a cabin in the woods to rent and go do Self Authoring and work on my personal projects.   

Plan C - go visit a monastery for a week
Plenty of suicide hotlines out there whose volunteer staff is probably off for the holidays. 
I have a few acquaintances who work for Automattic, the company that creates WordPress. They are very happy with the flexibility of the work schedule, the base pay, and the benefits. [It might be worth checking out](https://automattic.com/work-with-us/happiness-engineer/).  

Either way, good luck to you and I hope you find what you're looking for. Cheers!
Have you ever looked into becoming a digital nomad type of guy? [Customer Support jobs for SaaS companies](https://weworkremotely.com/categories/7-customer-support/jobs#intro) are usually pretty good about giving you a very flexible schedule and you can do them from Brazil while practicing BJJ. 
It's definitely different from my 2013 Volt, but the Volt is a pretty different car. 
Thanks for sharing all of that. I had a  different path, but I had a similar tendency to pick something, get obsessed with it for months/a few years, and then give and pick something else that's completely different. I'm a couple of steps beyond entry level now, but I did entry-level jobs until my mid-30s, so I understand.  

I've come to the realization that I need to separate my vocation from my avocation. Did you know that William Faulkner didn't make his living by being an author? He was a postal worker in his town in Alabama. T.S. Eliot worked in a bank and then graded correspondence college essays in between works. I'll be in some kind of 9-5 for the rest of my life, most likely, but there are worse things in life.   

At this point, my plan is to pay off my mortgage as quickly as possible and have a job I don't hate that gives me enough time off to pursue my own interests. I should get into that job within five years and by that time my mortgage should nearly be gone. It's a meager success, but compared to my past self, it'll be a hell of an accomplishment.  
mulţumesc! (that's the extent of my Romanian other than a couple of church phrases)
What's the source of that quote? I'd like to hear the context.
That's because they know Buzzfeed is more malicious than Taylor Swift. 
I'll give that a try. I'd love to find a deal on these old-school [Royall Bermuda](https://royall-bermuda.com/collections/fragrance) scents like Vetiver, Bay Rum, Lime that normally go for $35-50 a bottle. I like the scent of the testers in [the local general store](http://mastgeneralstore.com/), but I don't like spending that much for grooming products. 
To highjack this post back to something worthwhile, I'm a dude who wants to wear something a little nicer than Old Spice/Axe but I'm not paying $50-100 for designer brands. What's the "two-buck chuck" of dudely smell-good juice? 
You have a much better result than I do when I engage *baldspot mode*. Well played, genetics. Well played. 
Great post. What kind of Chevy do you have? Those round buttons behind the steering wheel are interesting. 
I want to see Apple implement family sharing to switch profiles just like Netflix does, but with identity confirmation. If I'm about to watch a TV show my wife doesn't like, I don't want it to affect her TV recommendations, so I'll invoke a switch profile action (it would be easy to do this using Siri or a 2-button combination on the remote) and choose an account to log into. I can type my password onscreen if my iPhone isn't nearby, but if it is, all I have to do is authenticate Touch ID and the ATV switches to my account.  
[Looks like Romanian](https://www.indifferentlanguages.com/words/thursday)
What were some of those plans that didn't work out? Did you do a post-mortem on them to figure out what went wrong? 
The worst part for me was when I got into a downward spiral telling myself I was worthless because I didn't get anything done because I was worthless because I wasted my life because I didn't get anything done...etc, and the next thing I knew months had gone by and I exchanged one shitty job for another six months later after I discovered it was just as worthless as the first. I wasted years 19-28 like this--lots of depression and shitty jobs mixed in with gaming and spending what little money I made on escapism. I spent that time living with two friends who are still some of my best friends, but we've each had to deal with our own demons.  

I ate junk and too much because I was depressed, and it took me getting up to 480 lbs before I pulled myself out of that nose dive. I'm down to 340 but I need to lose another 100 so it's still a work in progress. 

Yeah, getting a plan together for your future sounds like a good next step for you. It doesn't have to be perfect, just pick something that moves you toward your goal for the next couple of years and **get at it**. 
Nice haul!  

Amazon Prime ships to APOs, right? [Here's a package of five sets of dice for $9 shipped](https://www.amazon.com/SmartDealsPro-Symphony-Dungeons-Dragons-Pouches/dp/B016W7B64S/).
> Page 82 of the DMs guide is insanely useful when first starting out. (How many of you are going and looking? )

[For those of you who don't have your paper copy of the DMG handy](https://rpg.stackexchange.com/questions/73361/how-do-i-calculate-a-suitable-combat-encounter-under-5e-based-on-the-cr-values-i#73372). I went to look it up on DNDBeyond, but I don't think there's a way to view content by page number there. 

Hey, I spent about a decade in that state of existence. It sucked for a good long time, but finally, I started making progress. I'm still on the hamster wheel for the next two years, but I'm working the plan and have better things on the horizon. You'll get there too. 

"If you're going through Hell, keep going!" -Winston Churchill
Dude it's not a vending machine.
**give reddit copper for $0.25**
English Literature. I want to offer an alternative to postmodernism by tempering the best of the liberal humanist approach to literature study with the few decent points raised by the structuralists, feminists, etc., to have a Western Canon that is comfortable with the modern world. I like to call it "reconstruction". 
I want to see a two-handed lightsaber someday, preferably wielded by a Wookie Jedi. 
I wonder if we'll see a situation where the app uses the same codebase but has two different UX GUIs, kind of like a responsive website that has different interface elements depending on when it's being accessed via a touchscreen device or a keyboard/pointer computer. 
Feels like this make more indie devs move toward subscription models like 1Password, TextExpander, Ulysses, etc. 
There are hundreds of communes and co-ops that are active around the world. The term used now is [Intentional Communities](https://www.ic.org/), some of which are organized along ideological group identity (religious, feminist, LGBT, "hippie") and others are just people who to make a planned "small town within a large city" where they want to live closer to their neighbors.  

I've spent a few weeks at one in my youth and visited others. [This one in Virginia](https://www.twinoaks.org/) has been around since the 1960s and was created after the popularity of behavioral psychologist B.F. Skinner's utopian novel, [Walden Two](https://www.amazon.com/Walden-Two-Hackett-Classics-Skinner/dp/0872207781/).  

There is a wide variety of economic, self-governance, and personal/collective goals in such communities. Some of them are reprehensible, some of them are just college kids who want something a little weirder than living in a dorm, and others are elderly people who want to have a tiny home on a tiny bit of land and not have to worry about land ownership. It's an interesting social niche I've been on the periphery of for decades now. 
Reply to one of them in this thread and ask. ;) 

I have a few friends who reserve an hour once or twice a week to check social media they're interested in but don't want to allocate more than an hour or two each week toward that pursuit. I have a suspicion the people with extremely high conscientious we see in this thread might have a similar outlook. On the other hand, perhaps you are correct in that test is not weighted toward that possibility. It's definitely an interesting question. 
Sort of. I've gone back to University to become a teacher, and having a test that indicated my temperament centered around discussing ideas with other people helped cement that decision. 
I never updated this thread with my results from www.understandmyself.com.  

**Agreeableness: Moderately High** (71st Percentile)  
*  Compassion: very High (93rd Percentile)  
* Politeness: Moderately Low (26th Percentile)  
**Conscientiousness: Moderately Low** (38th Percentile)  
* Industriousness: Average (44th Percentile)  
* Orderliness: Moderately Low (36th Percentile)  
**Extraversion: High** (84th Percentile)  
* Enthusiasm: High (79th Percentile)  
* Assertiveness: High (81st Percentile)  
**Neuroticism: Moderately Low** (31st Percentile)  
* Withdrawal: Moderately Low (31st Percentile)  
* Volatility: Moderately Low (34th Percentile)  
**Openness to Experience: Very High** (91st Percentile)  
* Intellect: Exceptionally High (97th Percentile)  
* Openness: Moderately High (63rd Percentile)  
I was going back through my comment history, found this comment again, and realized I never properly thanked you before.  

I've had a lot more than normal on my plate lately and started going to therapy again as a self-corrective mechanism. The validation that I'm not massively screwing up my life is incredibly helpful to me and your post was one of the reasons I decided to take that step.  

So again, belatedly, thank you! 
Very interesting. I encountered this interview two weeks ago when researching the literary critic Northrop Frye whom JBP has mentioned in several talks and whom I am studying as part of a literary analysis class. Bloom considers Frye as one of his mentors.   

Bloom is also quite the Shakespeare scholar and I'm finding his work on Hamlet to be quite valuable. 
Well done, your holiness, well done. *genuflects* 
Are you making that proclamation...ex cathedra? *puts on sunglasses*
Yep, it was definitely a lesson learned. I have a black pair of underarmor workout shorts that can serve as pajamas, swim trunks, or emergency underwear in a pinch, but this was my wife's first time with a single-bag approach.  
I think it's a selection bias. The people who spend enough time on Reddit to want to post their results in this sub probably spend a lot of time on social media when they could be working (I'm guilty of this) and most people with high level of conscientiousness would rather keep working than spend time on social media. 
Yeah, but do we know anything about the Knights of Ren other than their name?
I'm okay with that, I just hope they one day get Apple Pay. 
Were we ever told what happened to those that did join? 
Yeah, I can see that. The only thing that bothered me about Carrie-Poppins was that having her die in the cold of space with Ackbar would have been preferable to an off-screen death in IX. The sequel trilogy has been systematically killing the heroes of the OT, which is fine, but I want Leia to go out as well as Han/Luke did.
Very nice! I didn't realize Apple's site had that as a tool. I had checked www.mixyourwatch.com and it hasn't been updated in a while.
I've used the same explanation. I doubt Ren had ever used the Force to torture someone who was Force-sensitive before. In my interpretation, his forcing himself onto Rey with the Force quickly unlocked a lot a switches that would have taken longer for her to figure out herself. 
The plus side is that it's naturally antimicrobial (so is copper) so you don't have to worry as much about germs. 
It's pretty, but I bet it didn't come cheap. 
I get that too. There's a part of me that wanted to see him actually deflect all of that blaster fire and then force-pull Ren's ship so that it crashed into the ground and then they have real lightsaber fight. I'm not sure if Ren would have stood much of a chance.   

The problem is that I'm aging out of the primary demographic for new SW movies and my hero is now the old guy who Disney won't let outshine the next generation.  

There are a lot of us in our 30s and 40s that wanted to see Luke kick ass, but Disney/JJ/etc are telling us that fight will be up to Rey. I suppose that's why the biggest fight was Kylo and Ren supporting each other with the Praetorian guard - it was a foretaste of what we'll see next in IX. 
Ha, thanks for the writeup! I too wish Netflix would get on board.
> The only winner at the end is Kylo Ren, who also fails a lot.

I agree with most of your interpretations, but honestly, I think the only real winner in TLJ is Luke. Sure Kylo is Supreme Leader now, but he failed against Luke and he failed to convert Rey.  

TLJ made Luke become disillusioned and nihilistic, but he was rescued from the underworld by a surrogate child figure (both Rey and R2D2 can fit that type) making them shake the scales from their eyes and see their fallen view of reality had blinded them to the goodness that still existed.  

This realization enabled Luke to open himself back up to the Force again, help defend his sister and the leftover seed of the resistance, provide an example of how a Jedi doesn't need to use a laser sword or move rocks to achieve their objective, and--most of all--after doing all of this he was able to achieve enlightenment and become one with the Force. He got to die alone on that rock after all, but I have a strong feeling we shall see his force ghost in IX given that he has become the Yoda/Obi-Wan of this generation.  

This ending felt more satisfying as a lifelong fan of Luke than if he was actually on the planet's surface dueling with Kylo. Luke's beyond all of that now, he transcended the situation. A redeemed hero is more interesting than a faultless hero. 
I think so too, even if my Google-fu is weak and I'm not finding any examples. One of the things I like about the gold AWS is that it's not a shiny fake gold but more of an antiqued brass color, at least to my eyes. 
Haha, yes, I was a bit nostalgic for the days of [my first PC](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turbo_button). 
Honestly, I would be fine with this if they made it into a setting I could turn off. Default it to the behavior they want to maximize battery life, and give me the switch to "enable turbo mode" when I'm not worried about battery life. 
What color Watch do you have? I'm thinking about getting the olive band with my gold S1. 
I personally do not have the Encore even though I acknowledge it is the best starter grinder. I got a clearance deal on a Bodum Bistro ($45) and it has done nicely for the past year and hopefully will do so until I finish my degree and buy a Baratza Sette and a Baby Gaggia. 
Same here. Are there any recommended videos that provide a decent guide to how to most effectively use the app? I really haven't spent much time with it. 
Yep. You can buy this grinder, an inexpensive AWS scale, and all three of the three most popular basic manual coffee makers (Hario v60, Aeropress, French Press) for less than $200 or less than $150 if you only want one of those. 
> Imagine you’re a vampire. You go to sleep in the early 1700s, muskets and shit. Meh. You wake up in 1945, and humans have the ability to wipe an entire city off the map in an instant.

/r/writingprompts
> The hero's of the past are bad and in fact just products of a social construct.
  
Luke wasn't bad, he just had a moment of doubt at the wrong time. If he hadn't had taken out his lightsaber while he considered the fate of Ben Solo, things may have played out differently.   

I'm revisiting Hamlet right now, and that moment struck me as being very similar to the moment in Hamlet where Hamlet is spying upon Claudius (Hamlet's uncle who poisoned his father and married his mother to become King of Denmark).  

Claudius is bending down as if he was praying for forgiveness, but was really saying to himself that he couldn't authentically pray for forgiveness because he had no intention of giving up the crown or his marriage to Gertrude and thus all he could do was sit there and look pious. Hamlet sees this after being confronted by his father's ghost who is suffering in purgatory. Hamlet thinks that if he strikes his uncle while down on his knees in prayer, his uncle would go to purgatory and not hell, and thus Hamlet decides to wait until his uncle does some other sin and then kill him. This ends up causing Hamlet no end of grief and it would have been far better had he killed him while on his knees mimicking prayer.  

Likewise, if Luke had either acted before Kylo Ren awoke, he might have saved a lot of lives and damned himself, or--better yet--had he not taken out his lightsabre at all it would have been much better, but that's not the way things went down. 

> The villain is only a villain because of said patriarchal social construct.  

To me, this was all about individuals and had nothing to do with patriarchal social constructs, but I think it is worth considering if I need to more deeply to see if that context is actually present in the film or if it is something that viewers are putting into the film from their own presuppositions. I'll probably end up seeing it again in theaters, as I always do with a Star Wars film. When I do, I'll consider the viewing from that point of view.  

> The hero is good without needing really do anything to be good.

Here I think you are misinterpreting what Yoda said to Luke. My take was that Yoda was breaking the fourth wall (as ghosts sometimes do) by referring to how Rey took the Jedi books with her and was not referring to how she was good without having to do anything.   

Throughout the entire film, we saw that she was open to integrating her shadow by reaching out to touch Ben and going into the creepy moss-cave-of-mirrors. Honestly, though, this just struck me as a parallel to Luke's own experience with confronting Vader's shadow when he trained with Yoda on Dagobah. 
Any recommended tutorials on how to do this?
I see that point-of-view, I just think it's much less interesting than what the writers ultimately chose. I think they way they went was akin to a "Protestant Reformation" of the Jedi Order. Ultimately, the proof of the pudding will be with how it all comes down in Episode IX.   

I can equal cases for Disney throwing Campbell's monomyth basis of the OT out the window and moving completely away or I can see them using Rey as the focal point to for rebuilding the Jedi as they should be.  

Either way, we're in the middle of the trilogy and, while we can have strong opinions over interpretation, I think both of our opinions are likely to be altered with Episode IX. 
I see it as a confirmation of the mythos, not an attack. He lost his disillusionment, came back to the light by performing the most powerful use of the Force we've ever seen in the films, allowed the rebellion to survive, and achieved enlightenment becoming one with the Force. As much as I wanted to see a Luke version of the Darth Vader scene at the of Rogue One (and I did, Luke Skywalker has always been my favorite Star Wars character), what they did was much more satisfying on a narrative and philosophical level. 
That was during Luke's "long dark night of the soul". He had closed himself off from the Force for who knows how long. He had become bitter and nihilistic.  

He eventually got his head out of his ass and saw that the chance for darkness did not mean the light was not worth fighting for. He overcame his nihilism after being reminded by an old friend why he first went down the hero's journey in the beginning.   

From the actions in the final act, I would say that Luke will very likely appear as a force ghost to share the enlightenment he achieved with Rey. She has had almost no formal instruction; most of her knowledge of the force comes from it being used to torture her by Kylo and Snoke, but from her connection to Luke and the ancient Jedi texts she took from the tree (that's what Yoda was referring to) will help now that she has refused Kylo Ren and must take up her destiny as the Last Jedi. 
Or just activate via Siri. "Hey Siri, scan this page."
Awesome, thanks for the reply. Hopefully the washes in my town follow your lead.
I used my Kindle Touch quite a bit and upgraded to a Paperwhite last year. I've since mostly gone back to paper books for most of my reading, so I should probably look into selling my Paperwhite.
Is this true for all wash levels or only if you buy the most expensive wash?  
This gif reminds me of [this scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nQpYHiB0k6k&ab_channel=MuratBirinci) from Before Sunrise. 
That move Holdo did with the hyperdrive sounds like something Ackbar would come up with. I wonder if that was the original plan?
Plus Finn and Chewie had an interesting repartee in TFA when Finn was bandaging up Chewie.
And he gets it in the end and finally starts moving everyone out of that cave so the rebellion can live on. That wouldn't have happened if his earlier mutiny had worked out and if he hadn't seen how the leader he mutinied against (eventually) saved them all.   

Now Poe is ready to step in and take military command of the Rebellion.
I've been thinking about this lately as well. My children haven't started questioning yet, but I'm sure it's on the horizon.   

We are a religious Orthodox Christian family and celebrate both St. Nicholas Day* on December 6th and Christmas on December 25th. My plan is to tell the children that St. Nicholas was/is real and that for adults, becoming Santa Claus for a night is a way that we honor St. Nicholas by making sure all children have something nice to open on Christmas morning. Now that they are old enough to know this, they are now old enough to help become Santa Claus and pick out toys to give to the poor.   

This way, the popular icon of the secular Santa Claus figure is kept distinct from St. Nicholas but they will eventually learn the meta-truth of the interrelation of the two. They can continue loving Santa in the way that that many grownups continue to love going to Disney and hugging Mickey Mouse. They know that the guy in the mouse suit is not Mickey himself, but he an icon of Mickey and that, by hugging the guy in the suit, they are communing with the spirit of what Mickey means to them. Likewise so with Santa. 

 * The custom for St. Nicholas Day is to leave chocolate coins in children's shoes. This comes from the [life story of St. Nicholas](https://www.svspress.com/saint-nicholas-and-the-nine-gold-coins/) who gave gold coins to the less fortunate. 
I haven't played any of their games in 20 years (Vampire: The Masquerade, Werewolf: The Apocalypse, Mage: The Ascension), so I'm not sure what it's like now. In the old days, all of the stats were measured by numbers of dots - anywhere from 1-6 IIRC. Once you had your third dot, that meant you had some mastery of that subject and for every additional dot you got to add a related superlative.  That range of 1-6 roughly correlated to a D&D stat range of 8-25. 

For example, if you had three dots in Celerity (their version of Dexterity), you could pick up traits like nimble, lithe, acrobatic, etc and each one of those gave you a particular ability kind of like a feat in D&D. At least I think so, it's been a LONG TIME and the tabletop RPG played differently from the LARP version.  

You could also use your dots of experience to add things like more hit points, extra blood capacity (if you were a vampire), more wealth, etc. 
Ah okay, sounds a little like White Wolf's RPG system. Thanks.
And then rebrand it into Disney Video or whatnot after they buy the last 40% of Hulu. 
I think Universal's contract is only for the comic book likeness. That's why all of the theming at the Marvel Island of Adventure doesn't use any movie likenesses of the characters. Everyone is in brightly-colored spandex. If that's true, I don't see why Disney couldn't have a Marvel movie-themed area in Hollywood Studios.
I was familiar with The Frankfurt School but not with Habermas specifically. After seeing your comment, I did a bit of additional research.  

This looks like a very interesting book: [The Dialectics of Secularization: On Reason and Religion](https://www.amazon.com/Dialectics-Secularization-Reason-Religion/dp/1586171666/) by Jurgen Habermas and Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger. 
I haven't gotten a chance to try out S1 or S2 yet (I played a lot of the earlier expansions of Pandemic though) but this character creation scenario sounds really interesting. Do they characters accrue experience and "level up" as they progress?
Apparently, the bot doesn't speak Texan.
I'm fine with my 12.9, but when we eventually get bezel-less iPads with Face ID, I'll probably go with the 10.5 at that time. 
I'll trade you a brick and some wheat for the Catan chocolate version.
Says the man who probably has the casts and 50 lbs of wheel weights in a box somewhere just in case. :D
A smrin?
Very nice! I love brown leather accessories (looking at my saddle brown iPhone case and Watch strap) and I'm glad to find an affordable option that also fits the Pencil. 
Do straight razors make sense for us guys with beards who just want to clean up the edges? I have a safety razor with Derby blades right now. 
I have [this Khodo case](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B076TGF37J/) on the way after having researched this topic last week. I like that it holds the Pencil and works with the Smart Keyboard. I'll post again after I've spent a few days with it.
I wish there was a bakery/cafe near me that served Mettbrötchen .  

There are three German restaurants in my US city, but none of them are open for breakfast. 

The thing about pour over cones is that they are more temperamental than an aeropress. Things like the granularity of the coffee grind and the water temperature play more of a role in proper extraction with pour overs. This means it might take 1-2 times to dial-in your method with a new batch of beans, but the reward is that I find the coffee can be even better than with an aeropress.  

[This](https://samplecoffee.com.au/brewguides/hario-v60) is a pretty good basic method. There's a lot of fancy pour over cones out there, but I just bought the [$19 starter kit](https://www.amazon.com/Hario-VCSD-02B-EX-Coffee-Starter-White/dp/B00JJIOJ7E/) and that's still what I use two years later.  
One of my local "fancy" coffee shops also roasts beans. If you buy their 12 oz bag of beans for $20, you get a free pour over at the coffee bar. I usually drink cheap Costco/Trader Joe's coffee, but every so often I will buy a bag of fancy beans and very much enjoy my hipster coffee experience. 
Indeed. I spend more on coffee, but not a lot more. I get whatever 3 lb bag of whole beans is at Costco for $10-15. 

My usual breakfast is 3 fried eggs, 3 slices of bacon, and a slice of cheddar split into three pieces and added to each egg along with a thermos of coffee to take to work. I think I spend maybe $1.50/day for my breakfast and it takes all of 15 minutes. I also enjoy having perfected my technique of making pour over coffee while cooking and listening to a podcast. 
This is a great answer. I prefer my Hario v60, but I travel with my Aeropress. 
Mett sounds interesting. I've had beef carpaccio and sushi, but I don't think I would have ever considered raw pork for breakfast. 
Interesting. Did other Mazadas come in BRG or was it exclusive to the Miata? I love that color. 
Thank you, that's pretty good. I just wish it had a list view where I could view all "trolls","male elves", etc. Kind of like the Reaper Minis finder, but using DDM and the other popular prepainted mini lines (Pathfinder, Reaper Legends, etc).  

After posting this topic yesterday, I found http://www.miniscollector.com/ which is also pretty good but doesn't have a filter view either. 
Hmm, it could be interesting if this created a horse with a Spell Saddle; it'd be like a Western Riding Saddle, but instead of a horn meant to grab to avoid falling off, it would have a little inset that you could place a book stand so you can read while your ride. Bards could also use it for sheet music. 
Sic transit gloria.
Excellent, thank you. I will add that book to my summer reading list. It's the only way I avoid rabbit holes in my studies. After I sit my exams in May, I will have time to explore supplemental interests outside of the primary and secondary texts I'm now studying. 
Hanks (Robert Langdon) and Cage (Ben Franklin) are both breaking into the Vatican archives at the same time for different reasons. Instead of teaming up, they distrust each other, which leads to a chase scene through the archives. At one point they go through the wrong gate and step back into the hallway of the archives in the 1950s and nearly bump into Indiana Jones. 
I'm planning to study Latin on my own eventually (I want to make a career change to become a literature and/or classical studies teacher) and I've heard that Julius Caesar's Gallic War diary is a great text for the study of Latin, not just for the subject matter, but supposedly Caesar uses simple grammatical forms which are easy to understand. 
Yep, just like the automatic reflex to yawn when others yawn is genetically associated with signaling tribal membership. 
I did this a lot when I was younger, and sometimes if I'm not paying attention it'll still come out. Sometimes, I'd try to be a 1-downer to balance it out ("oh wow, something like that happened to me once, *but it wasn't nearly that bad!*").   

Eventually, though, I learned to just actually listen to what the other person is saying, and take interest in that without having to constantly put in my own reaction/opinion/experience. Sometimes it's appropriate to respond, but a lot of the time people just want someone to listen to their story and not immediately take the spotlight away from them. 
I had a Jackery Bolt. It was a decent charger, but I killed it when a bottle of water exploded inside my backpack. After that, I am very careful about what water bottles I will place in my Synapse 25. 
Yeah, I should suggest to my wife that she do that next time. Thanks!
I only onebag for weeklong vacations with the wife once a year when we leave the kids behind. Here are my observations from this year's trip to Orlando:  

We both regretted not bringing a swimsuit. We thought we wouldn't have time to use them, but we ended up having a half-day of downtime with access to a pool at our Airbnb and couldn't take advantage of it. I would have been fine with my black shorts, but my wife didn't want to get a Lyft to and from a store to buy a swimsuit for a single visit to the pool.  

On the plus side, the [portable battery](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00Q2B5KY2/) I bought was wonderful because it plugged directly into the wall to recharge and also had a built-in lightning cable. It also charges a phone/tablet while plugged in itself. That meant when I got home at night, all I had to do was plug in the battery and then I could attach my iPhone to the battery to charge and plug in my Watch cable to the USB A port to charge.   

Speaking of technology, my iPad Pro with attached keyboard worked really well in the place of a laptop to get (a little) work done while away. It's big enough so that my wife and I could both hang out in bed and watch a movie in our Airbnb and it's light enough that it was easy to carry in the theme parks. My one mistake with it was getting a protective sleeve for it; I ended up with a small dent on the back. 
"You too...you have a good trip...in case you ever GO anywhere."
I had a decent amount of success of getting people of all kinds to try out games back when I worked part-time at an LGS and was a WotC Delegate. The trick is to be friendly to everyone, be as fair as possible, practice good hygiene, and don't give off any creeper vibes.  

Non-offensive humor is good. I go for a Brian Regan-level of humor when running games. A bit zany, but warm and inviting at the same time. 
That win was the exception that proves the rule. Go Tigers!
Sorry, I meant an implanted pump. All I know about it is that it was pretty expensive, but she likes it much more than syringes. She's had it for the past 10 years my wife and I have been together.
My MIL was diagnosed with Type 1 that developed after her pregnancy with my wife. She was 32 then and she's 66 now and in really decent health. She plays tennis twice a week and her implant automates most of her glucose monitoring and insulin injection. She tracks it all with an app on her Watch. Her Mom just turned 95. 

On the other hand, I have a friend who is 35 and was diagnosed T1D in high school. He rarely takes care of himself, eats junk, and passed out while driving a couple of years ago and totaled his car. I don't know how much longer he'll be around. He has never had any luck with women and drowns his depression in sugar, booze, and video games. 

Like anything else, you can't control the cards you're given, the cross you bear, or whatever other metaphor you wish to use. All you can control is how you react to it.  

Being born is a terminal condition--we all die eventually (maybe today, even, in the case of a horrific accident or heart attack) but this doesn't mean give up, it means the facade of perfect health and near-immortality most of us carry through from our teens into our twenties is fading away and you have to start contemplating your own mortality and what the hell you're going to do about it. Go find meaning or make your own meaning. 
I see those pretty often around here. I'm sure I'll pick up one at some point, but it's hard to give up all the other tools. I guess this is why some carry multiple knives. 
Interesting, thanks. Maybe one day I'll hit the lotto and buy [platnium scales](https://www.shapeways.com/product/JBMHJ38QW/victorinox-91mm-smooth-replacement-scales?optionId=58232748) for $17k. 
The sing-along to Tiny Dancer in Almost Famous was a highlight for me. 
Or even the instrumental version of [Please Please Please](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ubpRcZNJAnE&ab_channel=iomelinamela). Lots of great songs in that film.
I have a vintage Omega Geneve from the 70s my uncle gave me as well as a couple of Seikos, but honestly, watches are one area where my love of the digital overcomes my love of the analog.  

I haven't worn any of mechanical watches since I bought my Apple Watch three years ago.
All of my "analog hobby" subs work like this. /r/pipetobacco, /r/notebooks, /r/wicked_edge, /r/edc, /r/boardgmes, etc. 
Me too. The Metro is too small for my large hands, I wish they had a model with a larger grip. I'd like to pick up a TSWBI 580 or 700V for their larger grip and huge ink supply.
Way to go, man, that's great! 
It would be nice to set up a positive feedback loop to reward this behavior in the market. 
While the idea isn't completely without merit, it functioned as a lightning rod for Peterson critics to invalidate the rest of his "platform".  

Personally, I think the "whitelist" approach that Dr. Jonathan Haidt's Heterodox Academy takes is more productive. Tell people where to go instead of just where to avoid. 
In a sense, I can see some truth to the claim. The idea of Jungian archetypes and maps of meaning are gnostic in the sense that they're hidden from conscious life but they are certainly not hidden if you have "eyes to see".  

Furthermore, I wonder if this person's criticism comes from Peterson's focus on the cultural and mythopoeic value of Christianity rather than a soteriology/sacramental theology perspective? As a religious Orthodox Christian, I can understand that view, but I also do not want to dismiss the good that Peterson is doing by presenting the archetypes of Christian ontology from a literary/psychological perspective as well as the practical good that comes from his exhortations to clean one's room.  

I don't often quote Voltaire, but in this situation, I think a Voltaire quote is appropriate: "The perfect is the enemy of the good". Peterson doesn't get everything right (the ideological blacklist for colleges was a poor idea) but so far he seems to be wielding the money and influence that have come his way into helping more people order their chaotic lives and find a map for their own meaning. Maybe it will turn into a gnostic cult someday (certainly that's possible), but I think for the here and now Peterson has done a good job with riding the storm. He's certainly done a much better job than I would have, given the circumstances. 
Well, on the plus side, you can now be [the wizened old man who hands Link his sword at the beginning of Zelda](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/b/b2/It%27s_dangerous_to_go_alone%21_Take_this..png). When future you encounters past you, you can offer then not only your story but also a sword and a shield.  

This doesn't mean they will accept it, of course, some people have to hit bottom and realize they want to quit, but that's on them, not you. All you can do is show them the path. 
The reason the price is high is not due to scarcity but because it was published by an academic press (Routledge). The list price has always been $73.95.  

Books that are considered mass-market are usually published with $15-40 list price and books that are considered academic are often published in the $50-100 list price range.    

I keep hoping to find a used copy at a lower price, but it hasn't happened yet. I should have used the Black Friday code Amazon had for $5 off of any book $25 or more.   
That's a fun sentence, but let's hear the paragraph version. 
It works well for loosening knots.
It's a cool photo, maybe crosspost to r/pics?
It's a good point, but I was primarily referencing [this recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-leYc4oC83E). :) 


You could just tell them that *the pungent stench of mildew emanates from the wet dungeon walls*. 
Thank you! I appreciate you taking the time to analyze and comment. 
Haven't updated iOS in a while, eh? 
Those were days of roses,  
of poetry and prose  
And Martha, all I had was you and  
all you had was me.  
Thanks for the advice. I catch myself not using the bottom line often and I'm not sure why. I need to focus on intentionally using it whenever I write.  
Oh wow, that is wonderful. Do you draw the whole spread at once or do you add items as they occur throughout the week? 
I don't like scorched earth policies. I don't excuse any of the horror of what someone has done, but that doesn't invalidate the good things they have done. 

"[It's my estimation that every man ever got a statue made of 'em was one kinda sombitch or another.](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0579530/quotes)" - Malcolm Reynolds
Poemhunter is a good free app for public domain poems. [I like this list too](https://www.artofmanliness.com/2017/06/12/20-best-poems/).
I went back to college after being away for 20 years for a humanities degree. I take a LOT of handwritten notes. 
Thank you, I appreciate the feedback. I will work on writing pages of a single letter, but I think I need to find a pen with a larger grip first. I write better in cursive than print, but perhaps I should investigate doing the full Palmer method or look into italics. 
Ah yes, [this one](https://www.etsy.com/listing/494258330/full-grain-leather-apple-watch-strap-for?ref=shop_home_feat_1). Great find, thank you!
Take the nemesis and captain system from Shadow of Mordor, the 3d-fighting of Soul Calibur, and the item harvesting/building/wilderness survival system in The Long Dark to make a post-apocalyptic game based off the Dies the Fire (Emberverse) series by S.M. Stirling.  

That setting is based off "the change", a mysterious event that caused everyone on Earth tho have an awful headache for five minutes while the laws of physics were fundamentally changed. Electricity, gunpowder, and many other chemical reactions no longer work and humankind is set back to a medieval level of technology. The setting is considered gritty low-fantasy, but in the later books types of divine magic begin appearing and causing strange things to happen, kind of like Game of Thrones. 

The story mode of the game has you as a survivor who can choose to live apart from society by their skill with sword and bow or someone who is trying to save as many people they can from the inevitable dieoff that comes with a descent of modern people into a dark age. You'll start by figuring out a base of operations and teaming up (or not) with others to remain safe and have food for the coming winter. Early on, there will be hordes of bandit attacks as people adapt to their new reality, but eventually, many small fiefdoms and city-states will emerge. Some of them will be good trading partners, others will bent on your subjugation and you must meet them in battle. Other threats include bands of neo-cannibals and apex predators like tigers that were released from zoos by well-meaning keepers and began breeding like crazy. Each of these combats will be handled in a 3d-combat system similar to Soul Calibur with 25-50 individual moves your fighter can do based on their fighting style. 

Online play would consist of a "campaign" mode and standard PvP mode. Campaign mode would put you on a server with 5-10 other players that you can asymmetrically interact with over a period of days or weeks to send trade proposals, negotiate alliances, or declare war on each other. Skirmishes are handled by proxy if you're not online, but decisive battles are planned a week in advance with the hope of being played out in real-time.  
I know that, as you posted, you're a vegan photographer, not an op-ed writer, but I can tell you that going through JBP's [essay template](http://jordanbpeterson.com/docs/430_docs/Template.docx) is a good crash course on whittling down infodumps into concise rhetorical writings that is good whether you're a student trying to get a good grade or a Reddit poster trying to defend your views.  

I'd say, go work on it for a while and also post it somewhere like Medium.com under username Figment_HF. That way, instead of copypasta-ing the whole thing you can just copy the relevant paragraph and link back to the rest. 
Good point, and quite similar to how politicians here in the USA are much more concerned with re-election than with the long-term prosperity and stability of the country. 
You have a lot of good points that I don't think a lot of people will read because your post is all over the place.  

I think you could cut out around 50% of what you wrote. You wouldn't lose any meaningful information, and the post would be a lot tighter and more people would be likely to read it and respond intelligently.  

I would say that a condensed version of what you wrote would be a good original topic for this sub, but many times when I see a wall of text in reply in a controversial subject, it comes off as a filibuster attempt and I just filter it out. In this case, I'm glad that I didn't because you have a lot of good observations, but it was quite painful to read. 
I have no idea what agenda the above poster is or is not promoting, but I got curious and found this: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4665198/Bill-Gates-warns-open-door-migration-overwhelm-Europe.html  

There's nothing too dramatic in this piece and the lede sums it up well:   
> Bill Gates has warned that European leaders risk deepening the migrant crisis by being too generous to those arriving on the continent.
> The Microsoft founder said countries such as Germany will not be able to handle the 'huge' numbers of migrants waiting to leave Africa and find a better life overseas.
> Instead, the 61-year-old suggested spending more on foreign aid to treat the root causes of migration, while making it more difficult for people to reach the continent.


Hello all! I learned to write in cursive and print as a child but hadn't really practiced handwriting after high school. I've recently returned to University, and the exam format for all of my classes is a three-hour exam where three handwritten essays are composed for each class. This will take place in May 2018, and I'd like to improve as much as possible by then.    

As a result of this, I am working to take all of my notes by hand rather than by typing. When I slow down, I do an okay job, but my hand cramps up. I'm currently using a Pilot Metropolitan fountain pen with a fine nib, but I need to find another budget pen with a larger grip, as this one is too small to write comfortably after a few minutes.  

Ideally, I'll be able to retrain my arm motions to write from my shoulder or elbow instead of my wrist to reduce hand strain, but my attempts so far have been quite poor. I'm also wondering if I should consider learning an italic script. I was taught D'Nealian cursive in school but have attempted to mirror a style closer to the Palmer method, but I've only based that from an alphabet chart of the Palmer method, I've never actually bought the book and gone through it.  I would like to do that someday, but between full-time work, full-time university studies, and having a family, it will have to wait until after my exams in May.  

Any advice would be appreciated. Thank you!
Yep, I played lots of Doom II, Carmageddon, Delta Force, Warcraft II, and Total Annihilation at LAN parties.
Right around '90-91. A few years before I downloaded the same kind of photos in dreadfully-slow bitmaps on a 14.4 modem on a dial-up BBS. 
OP, watch out for [Libyan terrorists](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f2c-tMZSZtY&ab_channel=Movieclips)!
Best of luck to you. Is schizophrenia something that typically gets better or worse as a person ages?
I never found any in the woods but I did find a Penthouse on the side of the road on a Boy Scout Adopt-a-Highway trash cleanup outing. 12-year-old me very quickly tucked it into the back of my shirt to hide it from the leaders. I had that magazine hidden under one of the drawers in my chest-of-drawers until I went to college and then returned it to the side of a highway to complete the cycle. 
That sounds awful. I've had my own truly-difficult crosses to bear, but that sounds objectively worse than most of them. Does anything help keep the voices at bay and give you some semblance of peace?
Nice. I brought a [wooden sparring sword](http://www.newstirlingarms.com/shop/category.aspx?catid=18) to the first session of my current campaign playing a human paladin.  
It's a brilliant conceptual form. [Here's a YT playlist of the entire book narrated by John Cleese](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBxpcGfznos&list=PL7WxQYygdJel9tHggRuZRd9vDn_5W0sCD&ab_channel=SamuelGonzalez).
If you ever feel like writing up this observation more fully, I'd love to read it. 
I'm clueless about this intended meaning myself. I'm used to standard [Markdown](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markdown), perhaps there is an anti-semitic plugin I'm not aware of. 
If I could get fried chicken with the waffle and sausage gravy, I could see how that could be a one-way ticket to bliss (and perhaps the ER). 
There's a time for a friendly, cheer-up-a-sad-child patty melt and a time for a mean, you've-screwed-up-your-life-but-I-still-love-you-so-eat-your-damn-sandwich kinda patty melt.  

I've replicated it at home without too much trouble. Too many carbs make me feel unwell, so my wife sometimes makes a crazy egg/almond flour/peanut butter bread concoction and adds a few raisins to it for the same general effect. 
The sweetness of the raisin toast plays well with the saltiness of everything else. It makes sweet-beefy-cheesy love to your mouth. 
Patty melt on raisin toast. It'll change your life.
I did make time earlier in the year to watch Westworld, it was great! 
Great quote. I read *The Screwtape Letters* every Lent.
My wife is like this, including the snorting--she sounds just like Chewbacca Mom. I love it and so does everyone else around her. 
Better this than more clown sightings in the woods. 
Very nice. I need to break down and watch Black Mirror someday. Perhaps when I am less foolish and haven't overcommitted myself, if that day ever comes. :)
The last question of the Jacob pt 2 lecture was pretty great. 
Someone in another thread described him as Onanistic and I think that is apt observation. 
Weird, clicking on that link redirects me to: https://www.simcoe.com/news-static/7974843-welcome-to-simcoe-com/2017/07/24/man-guilty-of-mischief-in-island-build/ and results in a 'page not found' error. 
Seraphim Rose's book on Nihilism was very influential in my 20s but I haven't thought about it in a long time. I should give it a reread. 
In the original post's thread one of the comments mentioned that [Fahrenheit451 can be interpreted as a prequel to Brave New World](https://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/7gojgh/fahrenheit_451_this_passage_in_which_captain/dql5xhd/). That is a brilliant line of thought I need to consider further. 
> The Ratemyprofessor score looks scary, though.

[That's no joke](http://www.ratemyprofessors.com/ShowRatings.jsp?tid=30566).
Thanks for posting this OP. Have you also explored any other content blocker apps? Are only the two that you mention worthwhile in your point-of-view? 
That is certainly a valid point and I agree with it in general. That is the best type of argument, the dialectic. In this case, I was mostly going from the OP using the word afraid in the title. 

It seems reasonable that, in the same way that one overcomes a fear of elevators by increasingly choosing to encounter them in progressive levels of difficulty, learning to overcome a fear of confrontation with someone who holds oppositional viewpoints might best be accomplished for a person with a phobia by building up their strength little-by-little. 

They might want to set up a positive feedback loop where they can learn to express their argument and critique the opponent's argument. Start with low-stakes debates of a type that you would see in a debate club and go from there. 

If you don't have this basic firmament and enter into a debate with someone whose experience and/or skill far outstrip your own, it seems like the likely outcome is that person will recognize your inexperience and use that against you by eliciting emotional responses or engaging in one of any number of ways someone who is an experienced polemicist can easily dismiss those who are not.  

If one wanted to learn to play tennis and decided to challenge Serena Williams, they would learn a lot about tennis in that match, but they might not ever play the game again after they are thoroughly humiliated. I don't want that to happen to a young, scared student. I'd rather they learn they are strong enough by engaging in a rhetorical version of 'rough and tumble' play with their peers and begin to learn their own strengths and weaknesses. 
Agreed. OP should just refer to the professor using honorifics and succeed in the class. If the professor wants to subvert the class as a bully pulpit, then another approach might be considered, but unless that happens, OP should just keep their head down and learn the math concepts Dr. Peet teaches.
There's no need to be afraid. Just refer to the professor as Dr. Peet, do what you need to do, and move on. If you disagree with that professor's views but are under that professor's authority, you want to act in a way that is true but you don't need to go out of your way to antagonize someone with a different outlook to prove a point. 

That professor holds a political view that is contrary what I am assuming is your own. If you feel the need to "make your voice heard" in your opposition to that viewpoint, you may wish to have your first verbal sparring with another student of your own experience level of debate and not with a tenured professor who has been engaging in the very discussion you'd want to start with them for the past several years.  

Pick your battles. Your battle isn't against Dr. Peet, it's with the system that produces activists like Dr. Peet. Be civil but remain truthful. Clean your own room and get experience wrestling with other mice before you tangle with a lion. 
If you're like me, you eventually get back to wanting to homebrew and/or reskin published content. I started playing 2E back in the early 90s and spent most of my homebrew world focus on 3x. These days I'm only playing in a 5E game, but I'm also populating my homebrew setting that will eventually see the light of day again. 
Sounds like Bill Ferny to me. 
Hey, OP, great start!  

At some point, you'll want at least one PHB. If you're on an extremely severe budget, you could probably pick up the core set of PHB/DMG/MM from 3.0/3.5/4th edition for much cheaper than one of those 5th edition books at MSRP.   

I like the blogger at SlyFlourish's advice on a [gaming kit](http://slyflourish.com/dm_walk_away_kit.html). This is designed for something easy to pack, but most of it is DIY. 

Keep up the good work! 
I think about this every so often. Here's what I say when people ask:  

* Build up your social and community capital. Get to know your neighbors, so that in hard times you can help each other out.  
* Make friends with local farmers. Their eggs may cost a little more than the store, but they taste better, and if there are ever food shortages they will remember their long-term customers.  
* Learn to produce something of tangible value you can barter for necessities--this may mean having a garden or raising chickens, but it can also mean becoming a good homebrewing and having enough raw supplies to last you for a long while, or knowing how to repair small engines (very few will be buying new lawn mowers).  
* Think about how your life would be different if rolling brownouts or scheduled periods of no power were a regularity. How would that impact your life? Look at the AMA threads from the guy in Puerto Rico who still doesn't have electricity after this summer's hurricanes.  
* Crime rates often skyrocket during times of economic uncertainty.  My former rental home was in a rural area with a lot of meth users who committed frequent minor burglaries. One of the reasons I bought my house in the location where I did ( a decent older neighborhood in a small town) was to upgrade my neighbors.  What would you do if someone was breaking into your house and the police hadn't been paid in two months, so they take their time in showing up? 
* If you have to commute several miles to work each day in a personal car, could you afford to continue doing so if gas prices doubled or tripled?   
* How's your health? Do you require expensive regular treatments or medications to a degree where your life would significantly negatively-impacted if our current health care system imploded and there was nothing of substance to replace it with for a year or more? Is this something you can move toward improving now?  
* Are the people you love spread throughout the region/country/world? If a depression ever does come, I would hope some of my loved ones who have moved away to pursue opportunity know they can come back to an area where they are known and have a place to stay. I can fit a lot of people in my house if I need to.  
* If you think a depression might come in your lifetime, it might be prudent to consider storing shelf-stable food. You don't need expensive freeze-dried food--you can buy sacks of rice and beans at Costco and store it in 5-gallon buckets with mylar bags and O2 absorbers. For US$1,000, you can store enough rice, beans, salt, powdered milk, pasta, etc for a family of four to have a year's worth of food. Every other paycheck, go buy $50 worth of stuff at Costco and store it in your basement in proper containers. It's cheap carby filler, but it's a hell of a lot better than being hungry and if nothing ever happens you can always eat it anyway or give it away. 

I'm not worried about the zombies rising, and NBC war/pandemics and the like are very unlikely, but I am likely to see recessions, sudden job losses, someone I loved getting a sudden cancer diagnosis, and lots of other ways the shit can hit the fan for my family but not the rest of the country/world. I don't have lots of guns and MREs but I participate in my local economy, know a lot of farmers and EMTs, and try to help my little town become financially resilient. 
It's a lousy situation. I'm glad you got your power back, hopefully, OP will likewise get their power back soon. 
Oh nice, I need to look into doing this. I listen to a lot of Celtic trad, and AM doesn't have everything I want. 
Thanks! I usually listen to the videos while I drive so I never see the people asking the questions.
I think some of his questions aren't bad, but some of them are /r/iamverysmart territory. The question from this particular video seemed to be an exercise in winding together so many disparate thoughts as possible to try and make Dr. Peterson find some causal link. In retrospect, the final question also tied in a few different threads but was way more profound, less onanistic, and didn't start with a condescending salututation. 
Did it take a while for you to regain cellular connectivity? I remember reading reports of a cell tower on a hot air balloon as a temporary measure, but that sounded like it was probably only used over the San Juan metro area.  

Assuming life will eventually get back to pre-Hurricane levels of infrastructure, will you personally make additional preparations in case you have to deal with a similar impact again in the future?  

What was the food/water situation like for the first few weeks following the hurricane? I imagine there several days of MREs or canned food before grocery stores and restaurants restored their power and began receiving shipments again.
Seems like a great opportunity to try a large-scale solar installation. I'm guessing nothing came of Musk's offer to help?
It's been almost 20 years since I've read The Absolution of Man. I need to remedy that. 
Gotcha, thank you! 
What's the rationale for that? It seems like they would want the traffic. Are there many bots that give the "death hug" to the site?
> text post because this site got wise to webscrappers. 
Does this mean the site will change the URL if they detect Reddit or other third-party sites linking to their content? That sounds counter-productive. 
Is this the guy who always starts out by addressing JBP as *Citizen Peterson* in a put-upon accent? 
Just wait a couple of days for it to die down and PM again if you haven't heard back by then. 
Hasbro owns Wizards of the Coast (Dungeons and Dragons, Magic: The Gathering) and WotC is pretty active on Twitter. I would tweet it to @Wizards and they can probably direct it to their counterparts at Tonka. 
What tactic do you think would do a lot of damage? I've never really thought about this and am curious. 
If you have a Mac there are several [handy keyboard shortcuts](https://macinfo.us/how-to-type-french-accents-on-a-macbook-pro) for typing accented characters.
I've been carrying a well-used black Compact for a decade or so now. It is by far my favorite of the 5-6 SAKs I own. One day, I'd like to get a set of custom scales made for it. 


Yeah, that's pretty close to what I'm looking for. Thanks!   

Maybe in another year or so I might look into it. Right now the "backpack" slot is adequate filled and I have other needs. :)   

Does he make a lot of puns? If so, look forward to quips like, *I need to fight more kobolds like I need a hole in the head*.
When I did tax preparation for a couple of years in my twenties, I told gamers that, if you can make a 10th level 3.5 character, you can file a Schedule A. It's just a more-boring application of the same skill-set. 
I picked mine up for $150 and it included the laptop pouch. 
I like that! Kind of like Dr. Grant from Jurassic Park or Dr. Henry Jones, Jr. 
That's one of the things I like it about it. It doesn't look military or effete, it just looks like a modern version of the L.L. Bean/Jansport backpacks I had as a kid with a ton of organization options.  

It's not cheap, but I set up a Google alert for a used one in the color I wanted and after a few months I picked it up for a great price.  
Go take a look at the Tom Bihn [Synapase 25](https://www.tombihn.com/collections/backpacks/products/synapse-25?variant=34038918983). [Here's a good review](http://www.loadedpocketz.com/tom-bihn-synapse-25-backpack-review/). I spent the better part of a year going through various backpacks on my "grail quest" and this was the winner.  

It's still not aesthetically exactly what I want, but the organization is outstanding and modular. Now if only I could get one that looked like a [Duluth Pack](http://blog.duluthpack.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/WandererSquare.jpg) on the outside. 
Inside Outdoorsmen? 
I got my start with 2nd edition AD&D. I'm glad to have left it behind. The campaign settings and splatbooks were wonderful, but I didn't care much for pre-d20 mechanics. 
I have a tactical manpurse (Hazard 4 Kato), sling bag (Vanquest Javelin), and a backpack (Tom Bihn Synapase 25). I carried the sling bag to my tech office for a couple of years until I bought the backpack, and it was fine, but I really prefer just having a normal backpack.  

These days, I keep the sling bag packed with dayhike gear and clothes and keep it in my car in case I need a change of clothes or end up with free time to take a hike. The manpurse doesn't get a lot of use--I was just never that comfortable with it. 
[Now we have to figure out a name for this](http://bronxbardetroit.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/40-step-brother-quotes-did-we-just-become-best-friends-on-step-brothers-did-we-just-become-best-friends-quote.jpg). Other than dorks, of course. 
At first, I read the title as [Huckberry](https://huckberry.com) and thought it was an outfit and EDC gear purchased from the site. I was very pleasantly surprised to discover my mistake!
I really wish someone would make other third-party screwdriver bit tips. My glasses use PH000 and it would be great to get those in a corkscrew attachment. 
Me right now: https://i.imgur.com/gQxAfld.jpg   

I’m old enough that I and my wife are the only fashion opinions I care about. My clothing is functional, comfortable, and I like it. 

I would say the same thing about someone who voluntarily wears a fanny pack. Different strokes, y’know? :) Cheers! 
Thank you. It's an awesome looking knife. Next time I'm back on a folder kick (I still leave my Spydy's at home most of the time and just bring my SAK) I'll have to look into them. 
Wear what you like as long as it works for you. 

I typically wear workwear/outdoors stuff with wool sweaters and corduroys, kind of like a mixup of Joe the Plumber and JRR Tolkien. I love Fall and Winter because I can carry extra stuff in my [waxed cotton down vest](https://www.llbean.com/llb/shop/88301). That way I can carry my pipe, the book I'm reading, gloves, etc without having to bring my EDC backpack when I'm on a work break. 
What's the knife in column A row 2? It looks kind of like a Sebenza in a way.
Interesting. I had not seen the "100 possessions challenge" before. I like the idea of it applying to personal possessions and not household possessions, that's the only way I can see this as a tenable project as someone who owns a house, has a family, and needs a core collection of books to do my work. 
I have a similar situation. I live a simple (but not minimal) life in a small town with family. I own a home and all of the necessary minutia that comes with owning a home. I try not to accumulate needless possessions, but I have a core library of paper books, board games, and enjoy good drinking coffee, tea, bourbon, beer, pipe smoking, writing with fountain pens, and cooking. All of these require some possessions, but again, my goal is not to live out of my backpack but to essentially live like a Hobbit.   

When I travel, however, I prefer to engage a strict one-bag system if I don't have my kids with me. I pare down my life to what is essential, and carry everything for my continued existence within a Tom Bihn Synapse 25. Generally just a change of clothes, my iPad, a notebook, and a few random tidbits.   

I view the week or two I spend one bagging each year as a time of reflection of what is truly necessary and what is merely superfluous.  Perhaps when my children are grown I will pursue a stricter form of minimalism, but for now experiencing it once or twice in a year is like the experience of Lent where I learn to fast before I feast to appreciate what I have.   
Do you use it as a front pocket or back pocket wallet? It feels like the snap would feel weird if you sat on it. 
Yes indeed, I agree!
Thanks for the info! 
What kinds of books to most request? Is this a sort of inter-library loan type of program?
I made that mistake for a long while. I dropped out of college after my first year, and made it through lots of entry level retail/office/tech jobs. I'm now 39 and I have a decent non-management position in a megacorporation I've been at for the past five years, but it sucks the life out of me.  

This September I started university full-time online pursuing a BA in English/Philosophy (aka "a waiter's degree") and, even though the combination of full-time work plus full-time studies plus making sure my wife and kids remember what I look like is kicking my ass, I have felt a sense of purpose and creative ambition that I haven't felt in **years**.  

The short-term plan is that having the degree will qualify me for the next level of promotions at work, but the long-term plan is to eventually move into teaching. In five years, I should be done with the degree and my mortgage will be paid off, so I should have the freedom to accept a job with less pay that is more fulfilling. 
I'm just hoping that, by then, I'll have optical and aural implants so I can finally get around to playing all the tabletop/video games I've missed over the past decade without having to shout, "What?!?!" every single turn. 
This discovery pleased me to no end.  

> Gaming Days at the Museum
Roleplay! Dungeons & Dragons
Saturdays, December 9, January 13, February 10, March 10, April 14, May 12
1 p.m. to 4 p.m.

> Take on the avatar of a heroic, fantastical figure and explore far-off lands with Dungeon Master Cliff Hanson during these special Dungeons & Dragons game days. Free for Museum members, or included with Museum admission. Children free to age 18.
I try to be low-impact when camping. I don't create debris shelters or cut down saplings and I've never left trash behind. I just like to tarp camp with a fire from fallen branches that I process down from my knife/hatchet and my goal is that the campsite looks better than it did before I got there. 
I currently cycle back and forth through:   
*  Tea   
* Coffee   
* Pipe Tobacco   
* Bourbon  
* Fountain Pens  
* Wet Shaving (not so much now that I don't really trim my beard anymore)  
* Bushcraft  
* Literature  
* Euro-style boardgames  
* Dungeons and Dragons  
* Philosophy  
* Historical European Martial Arts (aka, hitting people with wooden swords)  
It all depends on your amount of willpower, free time, and responsibilities. I had **lots** of all-night D&D sessions in my teens and twenties, but now that I have lots of work and a family my four-hour D&D session every fortnight is plenty. 
nice thank you
What's the tobacco? I'm guessing it's called 'Thanksgiving Day' but who is the blender?
It might be worth seeing if someone in /r/leathercraft could just recover it for you after you've finished the rest of the restoration.  
  
I've seen people there post leather-covered pipes before.
I love it! Now you have me looking at the [Harbor Freight](https://www.harborfreight.com/eight-drawer-wood-tool-chest-94538.html) knock-off and wishing I had the budget for the real deal. My in-laws love to go to yard sales and antique shops, I'll have to add this to the list of stuff I have them keep an eye out for in addition to a wooden library card catalog. 
Yeah, I did that to try and find a Lamy 2000 clone. The best I found was a guy in China who 3d prints them and finishes them by hand for $45. Not a horrible price, but there seem to be a lot of hoops to jump through. 
Thank you! [This review](https://www.scrivinor.com/article/caliarts-ego-piston-filler-fountain-pen-find?locale=en) of the Ego makes it sound like a great choice. I'll look into the Ahab at some point as well. 
Thank you! As a newcomer to FPs, is there is a chart somewhere that shows the clone versions of various pens? 
Yeah, I found [this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/fountainpens/comments/4meegx/the_moment_like_3_of_you_have_been_waiting_for/) with a semi-custom one for $45 but it seems like a lot of hoops to jump through when there's a $90 genuine L2K for sale on r/Pen_Swap right now. 
Hmm, good info, thanks. Are there any knock-offs of the L2K? I'd like to get a genuine one at some point, but not until after the holidays. 
Excellent, thanks for the info. I like the idea of getting to try both a hooded nib and a piston filler for an inexpensive price. The grip should be a little larger than the Metro, right? 
Thanks!
Getting a decent piston filler for that price is good no matter how it looks, I suppose. I will pick up a blue or green one and give it a try. Thanks!
Nice. I can't say I care for the aesthetics but at this point functionality is key. 
I'm guessing Baoer was autocorrected to Baker? I like the aesthetics of that pen much more than the Wing Sungs. I'll have to read a few reviews. Thank you! 
Thanks! Wing Sung really loves demonstrators, don't they? Thanks for the additional options and for the info about nibs. 
Ah, I see now. Thank you. I'm guessing it would be a good way to figure out if I wanted to try and track down a 51 at some point. That is **very** interesting. 
I'm guessing any international cartridge converter would work, right? I imagine there are also available longer cartridges, but those probably wouldn't fit the Jinhao pens that are designed for the standard international length. 
Where do you start to cross the line monetarily into piston fillers with larger grip sections? I'd love to one day get a Lamy 2000, but it's not in the cards right now. 
Hey, thanks for the response. The Plaisir looks like a great option if I also buy a converter or get a syringe. The Wing Sung 618 looks dreadful to me, but if it's a great performer maybe I should check it out. It's a copy of a TWISBY Eco, right?   
  
What do you mean about it having the same section as a Parker 51? 
Same question as above: 

> Jinhaos all take the standard international cartridge converters, right? I'd love to find something that holds a bit more ink. Still, no reason not to buy one of each of the Jinhaos. 
Jinhaos all take the standard international cartridge converters, right? I'd love to find something that holds a bit more ink. Still, no reason not to buy one of each of the Jinhaos. 
Thanks for the link!
Nice! I'm keeping my eyes peeled for a good price on a used brass Kirsten. 
Interesting. Hopefully, someone will create a 3d-printable version. 
Hmm, you know, for $25 or so (the free shipping threshold at JetPens), I could get another Metropolitan in a different nib size and two Con-50s. That might be the way to go for now. I can switch out the nibs on Metropolitans, right?
Thanks for the advice!
Good to know! I should check and see if they have any black friday deals, I might be able to pick that up with a bottle of ink!
Yes, I'm using the squeeze converter that came with the Metropolitan. Wow, the con 50 is more expensive than the pen itself. Does it have a pretty good capacity?  

Filling up the cartridges might also work, do the refilled cartridges leak at all? 
Hmm, it's 29 on Goulet. I like that it's a piston-filled with a large capacity, but the aesthetics are meh. Still though, for function over form, I will definitely consider it. Thank you!
Very cool! I think I will go for the cheap Aliexpress Fauxdori for now, but eventually, I think I might try to replicate your design.  

My handwriting has improved a lot over the past few months. Now I can at least read it myself when I come back to it a week later. 
Yeah, that's what I thought. Eventually, it'd be fun to make my own, but for the price I wouldn't be saving anything if you consider the cost of the included refills.  

Interesting information about the nibs. I'm not deep enough in FPs yet to know much beyond fine/medium/broad, but I'll have to read up on real fudes and this waverley "fude" if I seriously consider buying that pen. It may not have enough capacity to be my primary student pen, but for the price, it would be a good EDC option to carry around in my pocket and I like the aesthetic of brass. I would sand down the Delike Alpha and let it patina into a raw brass look.
I actually have a Metropolitan but I stopped using it because it felt like the included converter didn't hold very much ink and it was easier to just buy cheap cartridges for the Jinhao. I have a couple of bottles of Noodlers Ink that I like, but the capacity was such a pain in the ass I stopped using the pen. 
Interesting. I have heard of that pen but have never really looked into it. I will do so now. One of my pet peeves with my Jinhao or Metropolitan is that it feels like I'm constantly putting in a new cartridge or filling up the reservoir. A pen with a massive capacity would be ideal. 
I'd love to see photos of your A5 with the zipper pocket for pens, btw.  
  
My handwriting has always been atrocious, but I have chosen a degree program where all of my exams are three-hour long handwritten essay sessions, so I've been taking copious notes and working on my penmanship to prepare. 
Very nice! Yes, the Delike Alpha (the one with "War and Peace" engraved on it) is the one I'm planning on buying. 

Serendipitously enough, I'm also thinking of making or buying an A5 traveler myself right now. [This one on AliExpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/store/product/Vintage-Midori-style-Travel-Notebook-Leather-Genuine-Leather-Notepad-Cowhide-dairy-journal/1405885_32234414224.html?spm=2114.12010612.0.0.29331b72sJoehi) is $27 for the cover, 3 inserts, and random accessories in A5 and I think that's pretty excellent for the price. 
Hey, what strap is that? I like the brass rivets, I'd like to get something similar for my watch. 
I still have a single 20oz Coke Zero per day (bought in bulk on sale), but the rest of my consumption is coffee/tea/water. 
Carc and Pandemic are always good. Look into [7 Wonders](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/68448/7-wonders) and [Ticket to Ride](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/9209/ticket-ride) when you get a chance, they're both good for boardgame n00bs, can handle a few people (3-7 for 7 Wonders, 2-5 for TTR), and can both be played in less than two hours. They are the Lamy Safari and Pilot Metropolitan of board games.   

Personally, I'm not a fan of Elder Sign. When I want to play a Cthulhu-based game, I'll usually pull out my copy of Eldritch Horror or Arkham Horror, but that's a much larger investment of time. Elder Sign is a decent game, just not my cup of tea compared to the others. 

[Whoa](http://quotesnew.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/16-ways-quotstep-brothersquot-perfectly-describes-you-and-your-best-friend-539614.jpg)! I stole that phrase from Tim Ferriss. What board games are you playing now? 
Ukraine does the same thing to me. *My friend is from Ukraine* doesn't sound nearly as correct in my head as *My friend is from the Ukraine*. 
I think that's more like Bamberg. 
Indeed. As an old student on a budget who recently returned to college and is new to FPs, I am seeking to buy another Jinhao and maybe a knockoff Kaweko brass EDC pen along with a couple of bottles of ink this season. I do need a lot of thin A5 notebooks for my class load and I'm thinking of making a Fauxdori to fit inexpensive dot-grid A5s I can get on Amazon 3/$10. That combined with the Jinhaos seems the best bang-for-the-buck while I go back to university. 

Just like some of my other hobbies (pipe smoking, bourbon, board games) there is a "minimum effective dose" of gear that gets you everything you need to enjoy the benefits of the hobby without going down the rabbit hole of collecting. 
Do you just dip the whole section in the dye? 
Still cheerier than most of Mahler's Kindertotenlieder. 
Are you a field/OSP tech? I was a NOC tech but now I mostly write TPS reports for five different bosses.
So the next step technology-wise would be:  


* Find satellite photography of known "cities" sites of roughly the same size and vintage

* Create an algorithm to look for similar visual cues  

* Use the algorithm with existing satellite footage in the yellow area of that map to see if anything can be found
Semper Fidelis. Thank you to both Marines for your service.
Nice, that means it shouldn't be hard to sand the black coating off. Thanks!
Very nice. I'd buy one at a reasonable ($25-40) price. 
Can you take a photo? Maybe it'd be worth going at the black pen with sandpaper? 
Thanks for the link. I like their belts, and like how you can customize the buckles, screws, the number of holes, etc. Good leather and lots of options for less than $75 is nice!
I first found out about Darn Tough socks 10 years ago at Bluff Mountain Outfitters in Hot Springs, NC. I've only done AT section hikes, but when my kids get older, I'd love to do a thru-hike with one or both of them. 
Good to know. I bought a single pair of ExOfficio's back in July and they've been holding up great to weekly wear. Hanes had a knock-off version that I picked up cheaply, but they suck. I'll have to check out the Duluth version and see how they compare.
Nice, give us some details when you get a chance. I wish I could have done this after his talk at Clemson a few weeks ago, but the other panel members and his wife were going out to dinner together. 
By the way, another [brass EDC thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/EDC/comments/6kddw1/brass_blow_out_24mtire_tech/) had a guy share a link to [this brass clip](https://m.ebay.com/itm/Fisher-Space-Pen-375-H-H-Bullet-Brass-Pocket-Clip/291352285288?hash=item43d5f31068:g:WpgAAOSwZ1BXfd3j)
Awesome, thank you!
What's the clip on the Fisher Bullet?
Hi, can you please recommend a specific source for the brass replacement scales? 
I wish I could get one of these in a raw brass finish. 
Yeah, that's one of the concerns I'm having. I recently made the decision to buy future EDC in brass and/or brown leather. I wear an Apple Watch, and the ["gold" AW](http://i.imgur.com/HfuckWs.jpg) seems like a decent match for what I'm going for. Now I need to find a brass wedding band and Celtic Cross pendant. 

In your case, I'm not sure how I'd feel about mixing brass with silver. Have you searched for photos of this combination?
I like the combination of brass with the olive ALOX SAK. 
Indeed. I get why there's a backlash (and there should be), but this game is the biggest gift request from my 14-year-old special needs son who loves Star Wars so I'm buying it. I care infinitely more about making my son happy than validating EA's predatory business practices. I will play the game with him with the default options, and if he asks about gamble boxes I will tell him that's an option we don't have available to us and move on. He's used to not getting IAP on games on his iPad.   

That said, I do plan on talking about how lousy this practice is every single time the game is mentioned online or in person over the next year. 
What technology platforms do you use? iOS/Android/OSX/Windows/Linux/etc
[That's one of my favorite Brian Regan routines](https://youtu.be/euGLMWn0_ZY?t=52s). 
That's an idea. I guess the clips are cheap enough. No reason not to buy a couple and experiment. 
Awesome, thanks for that. I'm kind of going for a raw brass and brown leather aesthetic. Maybe I should get a clip and paint it brown? 
Will they carry over to iOS if you create them on a Mac? I use my Apple Music playlists almost exclusively on my iPhone/iPad
Playlist Folders please. 
I don't see that happening, but I could see Apple doing a mid-season promotion offering $99 AirPods when you purchase any new iPhone in an Apple Store. 
Very cool. Is there such a thing as a 40% with bluetooth connectivity? I use my Magic Keyboard with my iPad/iPhone more often than with my actual computer. 
Will do! 
That's a good idea, thank you. I'll add this to the mind map I've been assembling these thoughts into over the past few months for when I have time to start a new project next year. 
Well, the logistics would be interesting to learn--I have very little experience there, but I've been doing blogging, copywriting, social media management, and keeping a sole proprietorship afloat for years now. That side of things is easy for me and wouldn't involve learning completely new disciplines. Maybe when I have time next year to fully explore the idea, I might seek out a partner. 
I own several Victorinox SAKS, but my preferred EDC knife for a decade now is the [Compact](https://www.amazon.com/Victorinox-Swiss-Compact-Pocket-Knife/dp/B0007QCOMY/). It's large enough for the blade to be useful and thin enough that it is not an anchor in your pocket. It has the tools that are useful for my EDC purposes (blade, combo tool, scissors) and the plus scales mean I always have a backup pen.  

The corkscrew/eyeglasses screwdriver isn't super useful because my glasses have a tiny phillips bit that the eyeglasses screwdriver doesn't fit. The package hook is kind of useless, but the machined file surface works well as an emory board when I have a wonky fingernail edge after cutting them with the scissors. 
Thanks. Seems like it wouldn't be too hard to CNC. At one point, I thought it would be fun to create a small company to make DIY SAK-style knives where you could easily take the knife apart to add/remove/change tools and scales. I could run a small company, deal with logistics, and market the hell out of something like that, but I don't have the CAD/CNC skills to actually fabricate a prototype. 
Nice. Thanks for the info! The cost isn't hugely restrictive, it's just a matter of having too many interests. One day I'll get around to it, but for right now I'd rather focus on fountain pens and brass accessories. Cheers! 
You're 100% right.  

At this point, my Macbook Pro is just set up as a desktop and my iPad is a great mobile device. I think iMac/iPad is what my next move will be. If a laptop is absolutely needed, I can always borrow my wife's Macbook Air. 
Hi, can you please provide a source for custom aluminum scales with the toothpick/tweezer? 
Indeed. It is a hide and seek *champion*!  

I'd like to see the pic, that would be great. Thank you. 
Yeah, I'd lose it for weeks or even months at a time, but it would always turn back up in the laundry or rolled under a bed or couch. I haven't seen it in over a year now, though, so I'm pretty sure it's gone for good.  

The black clip just seems to not go well with the brass. I'd probably just get a brass-finish spray paint from Home Depot and try to paint it to somewhat match.
My silver one slid out of my pockets at least a dozen times over two years. I always found it again until I didn't. I want to buy a brass one now, but I'd rather not deal with a silver or black clip. 
Nice setup! I wish there was a brass ALOX knife. 
Sorry, I meant the Farmer. 
Nice. One day when spare cognitive cycles line up with available hobby funds I'd like to spec out something like this and learn how to navigate on a tiny keyboard plus Dvorak/Colemak simultaneously. 
Yay dot grid notebooks. I've never seen the Doane before, I'll have to check it out. 
Interesting. Is the layer-up hotkey design standard among x0% mechanical keyboards or is it something you've customized?  

I like the look of your setup, but I'm not entirely certain I'd replace my Magic Keyboard 2 with that. 
Nice EDC. I like the olive green Cadet. I noticed that DLT has one in a copper finish as well. It would be nice if they offered a brass finish. I think that would be my grail SAK. 
Honestly, I'm not changing anything in my system until my exams are done in May. At that point, I'll either sell it with 3 months of AppleCare left or keep it. 
Yep, I can see that rationale completely. I'd love to have Touch ID and it would be fun to play with the Touch Bar, but I think I'll stick with what I've got for now, at least unless Apple releases a 15" version of the Macbook with additional TB3 ports. Given that what I can do can mostly be accomplished with an iPad Pro, I may move away from my MBP to an iPad/iMac system next year. 
I'm one of the few people that really enjoy Force Touch, so I'd probably be happy to use BetterTouchTool and make a few custom macros for use in the Touch Bar. 
I have this laptop (2015 15" rMBP) and I'm still happy with it, but the gadget fan in me wants a 2017 model with a touchbar. I have AppleCare until August, so I'm not quite sure if I'll sell it three months before the AppleCare expires (what I've done in the past) or just keep it for a while.  

Honestly, most of what I need to do on the go, I do with my 12.9" iPad Pro now. I think I'd rather just sell the 15" rMBP and get a 5k iMac and depend on my iPad when I'm away from home. 
For those of you who were at the event, were any new and interesting points raised, or was it the same schtick we've seen before? Between Jocko, the Rubin Report, recent conversation with Jonathan Pageau, and the Jacob lecture, I'm okay skipping this one if there isn't much original content.  

It sounded like Amitay didn't provide much of interest, is that right? Too bad, I enjoyed his comments in the [Incendiary conversation at Ryerson U](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ABa4RdNPxU) video with him. 
Greenville, SC is the [4th fastest growing city in the US](https://census.gov/newsroom/press-releases/2017/cb17-81-population-estimates-subcounty.html#fastest-growing) according to a 2017 US Census Bureau report. 
I've had mine the same amount of time as yours, and I've experienced an occasional delay of perhaps 5-10 seconds that occurs perhaps 1/20 times I use my AirPods.  

What annoys me is that at random times my double-tap gestures stop working until I take out my AirPods and reinsert them.  
I kind of wonder of one of his kids runs the Twitter/FB accounts from time-to-time. That would explain why some of the shares hold an approximate likeness to JBP's views but are not nearly as nuanced. 
I did the same thing. I'll check it every couple of days to see updates from family/friends and see what social events I've been invited to, but I don't feel the same need to constantly check it like I had in the past.  

It also helps that out of the 750 "friends" I have on FB I have unfollowed all but perhaps 50 or so. If I get curious about someone I've unfollowed, I can always check out their wall, but this way I don't need constant updates from people I want to keep on the periphery of my life. 
TIL. Thank you for the detailed analysis!
Interesting, they have a [triple pad](http://www.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/40289829/) of that model as well. I wonder if there would be any real difference between this and the announced AirPower pad? 
Thanks, I've saved this list. The last time we went to Charleston I splurged on a meal at S.N.O.B. (my wife wanted to go) which was okay, Shem Creek Seafood, and Sesame Burgers and Beer. Next time I go Poogan's Porch and Hominy Grill sound right up my alley. 
Awesome, thanks for letting me know. For minor feature requests, should I continue to submit these requests on a regular basis (monthly, quarterly) or would that make no difference? Would it be better to write a blog post about the feature request and try to get someone like Gruber/Snell to see it and retweet? 
Amazon prime is your friend when living in podunk towns. I use it to buy my preferred brand of British Tea (Yorkshire Gold), curry pastes, liquid sucralose, and other odds and ends I use often but are difficult to find in stores. 
Nice, I was thinking of just adding some liquid Splenda to spicy mustard. There's a local Cuban-influenced QSR that has a great curry honey mustard sauce for their chicken bowls that I've been thinking of keto-ify-ing and I think this might be a good excuse! 
That sounds amazing. 
It's a good podcast, but it causes me to spend too much money on apps and peripherals! Enjoy!
I stole it from the hosts of the [Mac Power Users](http://relay.fm/mpu) podcast, so I have no rights to the concept. They are even more strict and only use four folders total in the top row. 
Apple added such a feature very similar to the App Drawer to the most recent release of WatchOS, so perhaps this will come to a future version of iOS? 
I just use 8 folders in the top two rows:  
Consume (Video and Audio consumption apps)  
Create (Photography, Writing, Audio recording, etc apps)  
Play (Games)  
Learn (Lynda, Wikipedia, etc)  
Fix (utilities like TextExpander, Dropbox, Settings app, Compass, etc)  
Talk (Twitter, Narwal, WhatsApp, etc)  
Eat and Run (MyFitness Pal, Health, AutoSleep, etc)  
Buy (Amazon, Best Buy, Starbucks, etc)   
Below that, I have three rows of my most used apps, and in the dock are my four most-used apps (Messages, 1Password, Music, Overcast).  

This puts 80% of what I use daily within one tap on my home screen, and everything else is a swipe down to activate spotlight and tapping the first or first-and-second letter to launch. Easy. 
It's an interesting idea, but would require extensive redesign since the iMac base is a slab of aluminum. You would have to re-engineer the base to have an insert for the charger with a glass top and then run a power cable from the insert to the power supply in the iMac which would complicate VESA mounting.  

More likely would be a third-party Qi charger that is styled to look like the base of an iMac. I could see a company like Twelve South or Belkin doing this. 
What's going on with the Podcasts app? I haven't used it since I switched to Overcast a year or two ago, so I'm out of the loop. 
That's a clever trick I did not notice. Thanks! 
Can you identify why you're binge eating? There can be several reasons:  
* boredom (let's go look in the fridge to see what appeared by magic)  
* internal stress (I gotta work a double, no time to cook salmon, but hey, Dominoes delivers)  
* external stress (shit, my fiance just cheated on me, time to go hit up Golden Corral)  
* depression (I eat because my life sucks because I eat too much because my life sucks) 
* physical hunger (stop growling stupid stomach!)  
* mental hunger (I haven't eaten anything in an hour, I should probably eat something--I don't wanna starve) 
* quitting smoking  
* etc  

Once you figure out the root cause, you can plan to improve your processes to get the achievement you desire. I get bored, so I have substituted making coffee or tea instead of a snack. Sometimes, if I'm really hungry, I'll use some bouillon and a little butter and make a broth to sip. I find that I have fewer cravings when on keto and way fewer cravings when doing keto + intermittent fasting. YMMV. 
What's the difference between lad culture and chavs?
Great, now I need to go find an Elder Sign.
Same here. I normally do two cups of coffee first thing in the day and then around three cups of tea throughout the day. Source: Angophile American who studies at the University of London International Programmes. 
I hear that many emigrants to Britain experience accent drift and their original American accent melds with some British accent characterists over a number of years. Is this seen by British people as endearing or supremely annoying?
I think it's all software. I wouldn't be surprised to see it improved in iOS 12. 
Right. At first, both of those were not as good as Spotify or Dropbox, but I've already cancelled my Spotify Premium account and I'm about to pull the plug on my Dropbox Pro account because iCloud gives me 2TB to share with my wife and kids as the same price as Dropbox and it works with all of the apps I need the syncing to be quick and reliable like 1Password, TextExpander, etc. Now they just have to figure out DEVONthink compatibility issues and I can move my databases there as well. 
> But then at that point I start to worry about the health of an economy overall if that becomes the norm.

Yeah, but when you look at inflation rates in currency since we removed gold backing the US Dollar and most other countries likewise switched to fiat currencies, it has been a pretty constant inflation curve over time. Given that, it makes sense that megacorporation valuations are likewise increasing. 
Every so often my AirPods will freeze up or not connect right away, but 99% of the time they have been bulletproof since January. I have a [decent pair of budget headphones](https://www.headphonesty.com/2017/02/review-monoprice-8323/), and when I upgrade to an iPhone without a headphone jack, I'll just keep the dongle attached to that pair of headphones. Honestly, though, they only place I use my headphones is when I'm working on my laptop. The AirPods have made it so I don't have to think about audio anymore, I just plug in the case once or twice a week while at work, and make sure I put them back in the case when not in my ears. Easy. 
I'm looking forward to this. Brass and brown leather is my preferred aesthetic for personal accessories, and a gold X/X2 in a Saddle Brown case is close enough!
Great comments! I've been an Apple enthusiast since jumping ship from my Note 2 to a 5s, but I always point out the great things that Samsung, Google, etc are doing. The Pixel 2 is a hell of a phone, the software-assisted portrait mode on the Selfie camera is eating Apple's lunch right now.  

Good competition from the other side of the aisle is better for everyone. In my mind, Android's fragmentation means that a lot of new ideas come to market to get evaluated on their merits, which is good for Apple, and when Apple devotes time and resources to making a feature a standard on the new flagship iPhone, it quickly becomes an industry standard (Apple Pay lifting up Samsung/Android Pay, CarPlay lifting up Android Auto, and now Qi Wireless Charging).  

It's easy to devolve into a fanboy flame war, but both sides have healthy competition that makes all of our gadgets better. **Cheers!**
QT, one of the larger, cleaner gas station chains in my area, has recently started adding Amazon delivery stations and safe rooms for people fleeing domestic violence, so I can definitely see this as a good option as well. 
That's why I like meeting at a Starbucks. I don't know if most of them have surveillance cameras or not (probably, right?) but there will be several people there, police know how to get there fast if necessary, and it gives me something to do if the other person is late. 
Excellent, thank you. I have viewed a few random FP videos on YT, but sometimes it is difficult to separate the wheat from the chaff. 
Great, thanks for the info. I'll look into one of the CON-50 converters and use your tips!
Thanks for the tips. I think I need to flush out the dried ink in my pens and try again. Are there any particularly good YT tutorials for the care and feeding of fountain pens? 
Well done!
Beautiful! Also, check out the Christ Pantocrator icon in [St. Catherine's Monastery in Mt. Sinai](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christ_Pantocrator_(Sinai)) - I can look at that icon for hours.
Very nice! I'd like to find something like this for 3-4 pens in the same ballpark. Any suggestions?
I've tried FPs once or twice over the past few years and give up after a day or two. It feels like I always get ink on my hands after filling them and the cartridges or converters only hold enough ink for 2-3 pages in my notebook. I'm sure it's probably user error, but I'm not quite sure what to do to correct this. Does anyone have any tips on how to avoid getting inky hands?

Pens I own:  
Pilot Metropolitan (with included converter)  
Jinhao 250 - given to me by a random person, I don't have the converter  
Lamy Safari AL - This one I've had for years, and I think I may have messed up the nib.  

Thanks! 
I haven't seen any discounts, but you might be able to pick up a used pair on the secondary market for people for whom the AirPods did not fit well. 
I'm just guessing that reserving that feature for customers who use the apps supported by subscriptions might motivate users like me who haven't found a compelling reason to upgrade to a subscription from the legacy paid apps.  

If AgileBits made this a feature for 1P subscribers, it would most likely tip me toward becoming a subscriber and utilizing the other features that are nice but weren't worth me becoming a subscriber. 
I'd like to see this, but I don't think it's likely until the next revision. 
I've really enjoyed having a Saddle Brown case on my 6s and will continue to buy them. I'm looking forward to seeing an eventual gold version of the X as my preferred aesthetic for EDC pocket items is brass and brown leather. 
I'm guessing you'll need to have a 1Password subscription and not just the stand-alone apps for this functionality? If so, this may finally push me over the edge. 
Yep, a *Pillbox of Many Things*. 
It's too bad the Q2 isn't offered in brass. 
Knife: Victorinox Compact - ~$30  
Watch: I wear an Apple Watch, so I'd probably just go without a watch if my total EDC was limited by this budget  
Pen: Cheap Brass bolt-action pen from Aliexpress - ~$10  
Notebook: Field Notes dot-grid- ~$3  
Lighter: Old Boy pipe lighter replica ~$20  
Pipe Tool: Czech pipe tool ~$2  
Pipe Tobacco Pouch: cheap brown leather pouch - ~$15  
Pipe Tobacco: GL Pease Odyssey, ~$15  
Pipe: Missouri Meerschaum corncob - ~$15  
Wallet: Cheap brown leather minimalist wallet from Amazon - ~$10    
Bandana - standard dark blue paisley bandana from Tractor Supply - ~$2  
  
This leaves me with $28 for incidentals. I'd probably upgrade the pipe to a factory second from Stanwell, Savinelli, or Peterson or put that toward an inexpensive brown leather iPhone case.   
The three of them in the foreground with JBP are Eastern Orthodox priests and the two in the background are Eastern Orthodox laymen. 
I don't believe so. I think that's why Macbooks have AppleCare and iPhones/iPads/Watches have AppleCare Plus. 
In 2000, they offered the Camry CE which was standard with a 4-cylinder engine and 5-speed manual transmission. It also had air conditioning and power windows/locks and a CD player and that's pretty much it. I hit a deer with it a couple of years ago and replaced the front end with one pulled from a scrapyard that is almost a perfect color match. It works well enough for a beater car. 
Nice! My 2000 Camry stick shift is at 205,xxx right now.
That does sound nice. I'm planning on replacing most of my /r/edc gear with brass and brown leather as I'm starting to really get into that aesthetic. I currently have a gold Apple Watch with a cocoa brown sport band, but I need to get a saddle brown band as well. 
Pretty much what I expected, but it's still amazing to see it confirmed. 
Wow. I would guess that was the case in most places. I just went back to University, so I'm having to make do with my 6s Plus for another year. 
How quickly did some of the models sell out?  
True, I'm just thinking that it might be nice to be able to tag posts by "interest vector" since there seem to be several:  
1. Politics   
2. Self-Improvement   
3. Psychology/Religion/Mythology  
4. Off-Topic  

r/AskReddit for example, does this well as do other subs. I suppose it may not be worth the time to implement such a system here, but like you said, it can be difficult to know which flag should be applied at times since many posts might qualify for multiple flags.   

I appreciate you and the other mods dedicated to this sub. This isn't a complaint, just a feature request should ever find yourself with extra conscientiousness to burn! :) 
Yeah, they're put in a state where either A. They are shown their error and need to recant in front of their audience, possibly losing face or B. They double-down on their point because they see you as picking a fight on their wall. I'd agree that a private message is probably best. 
Most of us have been in that position at one time or another. Some double-down on their dickishness,  but I think the wise figure out that wallowing in the muck of internet discussion alleyways leads to fatigue and it's good to leave your (hopefully clean) room and get some fresh air and talk to other human beings from time to time.  

Even though I don't agree with a lot of what u/YahooYellow posts, I commend their effort in remaining untriggered even if their passive-aggressive trolling is even more irritating. It is because of that, let's call it a 'temperate trollishness", that they have been far more effective in spreading their message than many of the people who have what I believe is the better point argued unjustly. It's one of the same reasons I'm not much of a fan of Ben Shapiro, I can agree with many of his points, but his inability to argue his point without slinging mud tunes me out of the things I would agree with. 
I see a link button in bright green that one can click on to filter off-topic posts. Is that what you're referring to? If not, would be possible to get a similar link button in another easy-to-distinguish color for political posts? 
The Hardcore History podcast [Prophets of Doom](http://www.dancarlin.com/product/hardcore-history-48-prophets-of-doom/) on the uprising is one of my all-time favorites. It's no longer free, but for $1.99 you will get hours of riveting historical content about how ideology can drive people to crazy extremes. 
It all depends on your needs. I walk through city streets every day, and isolated IEMs I would probably get distracted and hit by a car or mugged. I want to hear the world around me. I wished I had a set of IEMs on a flight last month, but I made do. For me, the convenience of AirPods is the biggest factor. I can see why someone who flies a lot for work needs active noise cancellation as a top priority. 
Same here. AirPods and the wired EarPods both fit my ears perfectly. The AirPods kind of hang out at a goofy angle, but that's a very-minor annoyance. 
Not to mention the beamforming technology, which is the biggest edge over the Google Home Max. 
This. [Source](https://photos.app.goo.gl/Bko4rbcgos92Ef4u1)
Thanks for sharing your story!

I am also providing for my family while my wife stays at home with the children (and does a bit of graphic design on the side), but technical writing in the telecom industry isn't nearly as lucrative. Thankfully, our mortgage will be gone in about five years and at that point, I'll have finished the degree I'm working on now and I should have more options as far as career vs entrepreneurship. 
very nice!
Doesn't Whatsapp sync in iCloud now? I just installed it for the first time a couple of weeks ago and could have sworn I saw something about that during initial setup.  

*Edit - [this WhatsApp support article](https://faq.whatsapp.com/iphone/20888066) mentions performing manual and automatic backups via iCloud. That must have been what I was thinking of.*
Nice. I deleted my public beta profile after 11 officially dropped. Next year, I'll wait longer before doing so. 
I wish this could be done with Siri. "Siri, connect my AirPods to my Macbook". 
I find tapping the share button is quick enough, but it would be nice to have another option! 
I don't edit screenshots, but I usually need to send them in a text or email. I really appreciate being able to send the screenshot wherever it needs to go and then deleting it when no longer needed, as 99% of my screenshots only exist to send a single text/email. 
My scores and demographics are very similar to yours with two exceptions:  

1. My Conscientious is moderately low rather than moderately high. This is a large increase from what it would have been measured at in my twenties.   
2. My annual income is 1/5th of yours. Kudos to you for finding a self-employment niche to capitalize on your assets, skills, and knowledge. I would love to hear more about what it is you do for a living and your path to get there, either here or in a PM.   

I too am a people person who also loves silence and spending time alone. I feel like all of the career dominance hierarchies I have been a part of in my 38 years of life have not been an engineered move to work within my capabilities and interests but instead, I took the best opportunity monetarily at the time and have attempted to climb the dominance hierarchy with mixed results.  

I am now working to change this, and I'd love to hear how you forged your path. 
I found this chart earlier today while performing a web search. Here is the article by the author that goes into the Hierarchy: [How to Disagree](http://www.paulgraham.com/disagree.html) and thought this might be valuable for members of this sub. A lot of it is common sense to me, but it is well organized and easy to read. 
You're welcome! I was at the event, and I think I may resubmit it later on this sub as an Imgur album of all of my photos from the event with links to the talk and leave that meme at the end of the album. Would that work for you? 
I'll delete this post and repost it to the correct sub later tonight, thanks!
Excellent, thank you for the info. 
Ah, thank you, I had forgotten. Should I delete this post and repost there?
The source of this image was JBP posing for a photo with Eastern Orthodox priests and laymen after the Clemson Free Speech Rally. JBP retweeted the photo and several memes were created. 
Is Wonderlic a validated IQ test? I'm not familiar with it. 
Or when you're a DM in 3.x and you're creating high-level villain spellcasters for your PCs to fight. Or all of the crazy grappling/sundering issues. Or min/maxers stacking crazy Prestige Class dips that made no sense. There's a lot I loved about 3.x, but there's a lot I'm happy to not deal with anymore. 
Not to mention short rests, spending hit dice to heal, martial tactics (that were, admittedly, adapted from 3.5's Book of Nine Swords), and creatures with lair powers.  

I would like to see effects that trigger when bloodied and minions make it back into RAW D&D. Bloodied doesn't fit everyone, but I can see "primal" races/classes would get a lot out of that mechanic. 
Awesome, thanks for sharing that. 
What is it about the NATO-style band that makes you prefer it over other band types? I like the look of this one and wanted to know if it was just an aesthetic appeal or also some kind of practical reason. 
We just need to pick a date a year or two in the future and announce that, starting 1st January 2020, we will switch to metric in all federal and state governments, that we will reorder our dating format to the more logical DD-MM-YY, and that we will abandon time zones for UTC now that 99.9% of the world has synced clocking.  

It would make 2020 a chaotic year, but we could do it, especially if build up a lot of branding and media around it. Make it sexy to use the new systems and have all sitcoms memes make fun of people who use the old systems.  
Yes, I should do this with my bathroom scale. When I got serious about coffee/tea, I began measuring in grams. No reason not to do the same with my bathroom scale. 
Yes, that's it. 
I'm not sure if there's ever been a hard timeline on X vs Millenials. I'm 38 and routinely see both groups claiming people born in my year.  It's kind of cheesy, but many people are calling those of us born between 1977-1983 the "Star Wars Generation" and are notable as a "micro-generation" because we were the last ones with an analog childhood (like in Stranger Things but in the 90s) but the first ones who grew up with the beginnings of the internet.  

I remember buying a book on Amazon while in high school in 1997 and using pre-Google search engines like Webcrawler, Lycos, etc. Hell, I even used a lot of BBSes and played a lot of MUDs (the text-based predecessor of MMORPGs). My first gaming console was a NES. In a lot of ways, I identify with the cynicism of Gen X and in a lot of ways, I identify with the hopefulness of Millenials.  

It's an interesting personality rabbit hole to delve into....
None of those reasoned, nuances positions can be easily exploited for clickbait. Perhaps we should make an Alt-Mod to make moderate views edgy and hip, and perhaps then we might have a platform. 
Right. The idea that "the world is a scary place, but you're strong enough to stand up to the challenges it presents" is common in his work. 
> He's laying the battle plan out because ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE is no reason to quit trying to help someone, or yourself, who suffers. Almost means you WILL SUCCEED some of the times.

Indeed. I was stuck in ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE for a long time. It took over a decade, but I finally clawed my way out and I'm now making up for lost time. You can break cycles if you find a way to keep going, like the famous Winston Churchill quote.
Happens to Christians too. I'm an Eastern Orthodox dude who has no problem with macroevolution, vaccines, climate change, or secular governments as long as my rights to practice my religion are not infringed, and I often get lumped into the same category with the people who believe that God buried dinosaur bones to test people's faith, believe the world is flat, or want to put gay people into concentration camps.   

We need to be able to come to a consensus that just because a person holds a different political or religious view than the one you hold, it does not imply that person is anti-intellectual or immoral.   

The problem is that moderate viewpoints don't sell ads to clickbait media sites on either extreme. 
It kind of makes me wish Apple could release an "AirPods Plus" and "AirPods SE" to account for different sizes. Just make sure they all fit the same case, and a user could custom order a M Left AirPod and a L Right AirPod from the Apple website. 
What was your neuroticism percentile ranking?  

From my understanding, extraversion primarily measures whether social actions give you energy or take it away from you and not specifically whether you like meeting new people or not. That seems partially due to openness in which you scored on the low end. 
Hey, thanks for the kind words! :)  It's wonderful a redditor brings out the best in other redditors, and you seem to have a gift for that kind of interaction.

I appreciate the concern. I was kind of a mess throughout most of my teens and twenties, but life is wonderful now. It is amazing what therapy, the drive for self-improvement, and the judicious use of pharmaceuticals applied temporarily can do for one's outlook on life.   

When I read comments like yours and many of the other people here, I think about the world we live in and that my daughter is growing up in, and how I can be the change I wish to see in others. I also balance idealism with a healthy dose of pragmatism, and I plan to raise my daughter with the same type of protected-chaos my wife grew up. People should be wonderful to each other, but often they are no, and I will teach her how she can handle herself if she's ever in a bad situation. I don't want my daughter, my wife, /u/SauceTheCat, or any other person, man or woman, to ever feel physically intimidated by malcontents.  
This is why, as a 6'1" 300lb bearded dude, I understand completely when a lot of women don't even want to make eye contact with me. Sometimes, if I get the vibe like someone is uncomfortable being close to me on an elevator or other close proximity situation, I will physically move as far away from them in the enclosed space as possible.  

Even though my wife has a black belt and isn't afraid of much, I learned early on in our relationship that getting too close when we argue would trigger fight or flight in her and make her super uncomfortable. So when we have the occasional argument now, I make sure there's a table between us or do so from the other side of the room. I grew up being physically abused, and while I have never ever hit my wife or kids, I know there's probably some kind of unlocked genetic/psychological capability to short-circuit somewhere down deep and I'm never going to put myself in a situation where that could ever be triggered unless I'm defending someone weaker than me from a violent attack. I do martial arts sparring with a friend sometime, and it's difficult for me to become the aggressor in those situations, but I try to do so anyway so I can recognize that situation and be able to help if anyone around me were ever physically attacked.  

I'm not sure why I just shared all of that, but I wanted to let you know that there are several of us big burly guys on your side that don't want to intimidate you and will move to the far side of the sidewalk if we get the vibe that we make you uncomfortable. 
> leftist puritans 

Hmm, I had not considered the possibility of leftist puritans, but that is a pretty good descriptor.  

H.L. Mencken's famous quote is: 
> “Puritanism: The haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy.”

I guess you could update it thusly:

> Leftist Puritanism: The haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be oppressed.”

One of the things I like about Pageau is that is he is an artist who speaks deeply about symbolism.  

Peterson is an educator, scientist, and clinician who uses symbolism as a framework to understand the world and convey that understanding through education and applied psychological theory centered around the idea of the Logos.  

Pageau uses his knowledge to create icons and art that uses his understood symbolism as an object with which one can interact with the reality of the Logos in contemplation or devotion. 
And one of the reasons why copypasta and memes are collectively reducing our IQ. The contention to be the first person to post 'roll tide!' or 'tree-fiddy' or whatever meme du jour creates a signal-to-noise downward spiral. 

I was just posting to recommend this video. It is a phenomenal way to spend 15 minutes. 
Apple Music is cross-platform. Perhaps if the upcoming Apple TV service (with Amazing Stories) is also cross-platform, it might help show where it makes more sense for Apple to open their compatibility when it comes to media consumption. 
Pepe?
Because this image is somewhat-triangular, the first thought that occurred to me was that St. George had ascended to the top of the dominance hierarchy! Great job, OP!
On average, people decrease neuroticism and increase conscientiousness as they age.  The low withdrawal seems to go with your moderate extraversion and suggests that, while you may not actively seek out social situations, it appears that you are not intimidated or enervated by them. 

Keep in mind that your intellect score is not an IQ test, it is just stating your preference for engaging with abstract thought as measured by the 3-4 questions on the test that deal with that topic. I love philosophy but am not a fan of physics. If the 3-4 questions designed to measure intellect are about physics rather than philosophy, I would probably result in a low score even though I am interested in other intellectual topics.  

I haven't really thought about correlating my Big 5 results with my MBTI type. A decade ago, my employer hired a professional MBTI examiner to perform the test at work and I scored as an ENTJ. Over the past several years, every test I take comes in as ENFP and those personality profiles seem to match better than ENTJ. 
Good to know, thank you. I'll probably pick one up. It's too bad they don't include a clip, as I lost my last bullet space pen when it slipped out of my chinos at some point. I can buy a polished silver or black clip, but that wouldn't look that great with the raw brass. 
Does it make your hands smell metallic after writing with it? I've been thinking of getting raw brass EDC items. I love the look, but I don't want my hands smelling like loose change all the time. 
It takes a lot of time, but so far I have found that it is a really effective way to learn the material. 
Good to know, thank you!
> Maybe start with things that are investments in your life that grants you the most happiness in the long run.

I'd suggest going beyond this. OP seems like he has pursued happiness through material delights (partying, one-night stands) but it sounds like he is searching for meaning. Being happy is a good thing, but it does not replace the need for truth and finding something worthy of dedicating your life toward achieving for the sake of happiness itself.  

In my experience, happiness arrives more often than not, but only after I discovered what actually provided meaning and (more importantly) set myself on a path to engage with that meaning in a reasonable way beyond just saying, "I believe in X". 

I love philosophical conversations about literature, film, religion, and history. I dropped out of college in my freshman year as I was extremely unsorted and volatile and it took a hell of a long time to find my way again. I've worked my way into a banal corporate gig that pays just enough that I have had difficulty overcoming inertia to find anything else. Around the time of the first JBP podcast with Joe Rogan, I started examining what is the greatest good that I can commit myself to. I have now started University studies in English Literature again at age 38 while also working 50 hours at week at my corporate job. It's kicking my ass, but I am loving my studies because they engage with what I believe is important (pursuing truth through art) and my goal is to become a humanities teacher that can speak and write eloquently to contend against the erosion of traditional Western values while also affirming the rights of those who exist in communities that have been traditionally-marginalized. 
 
It might not be a bad idea to pay an impartial third-party expert to verify this. If there is a subtle form of depression remaining, I think it could explain some of the negative experiences you wish to change. 
Is it the same as the US in the UK as far as HFCS content? 
Also if you write it down afterward you are having to rephrase the concepts using your own language which makes it more likley to be retained.  

I am studying Literature, and my technique right now is to read a chapter, not taking notes but underlining unfamiliar words/concepts, and at the end of the chapter I handwrite a summary of the events of the chapter. I then go back and scan through the chapter again and add any pertinent details I missed with my summary. Finally, I revisit my notes the next day to make sure everything is clearly legible and understandable while the memory is still fresh enough to update my notes.  

Obviously this technique for critical reading differs somewhat from taking notes from a lecture, but I believe the same concept is valid. 
A lot of the good things in my life have come from 20+ years of playing D&D including my religious faith, a former long-term girlfriend, and getting a promotion at work. 
Good points. What is the dark side of openness? Is there a good write-up of each attribute's "shadow"?
1. Go do FutureAuthoring so you can better envision your path to becoming a teacher. If you cannot afford it, a similar-but-different trick is to write your own future obituary of what your life would look like if you accomplished the things you seek.    
2. Make a list of the positive habits you need to create to accomplish the tasks you listed in step one. Also, make a list of the things you do that make you weak and keep you from realizing your goals.  
3. Pick one positive habit to try and build and one negative habit that you wish to address. Figure out the smallest possible increment you can do to achieve success and commit to doing that increment faithfully each day. 

If you wanted to start exercising, start by committing to one push-up a day. If you want to do more, great, but your only metric of success for your habit is the one push-up. What you want to do is make achieving that daily habit goal so stupidly-easy, that it is difficult for you to talk your way out of it. It's only one push-up. Once you have done the one push-up every day for a week, you can increase your increment. Eventually, you will miss a day; when you do, acknowledge that you missed a day and do whatever you have to not miss the next day. Don't beat yourself when you do miss a day. Once you've built the habit up to a sustainable level to achieve your results, you can think about adding another habit at an absurdly-low success metric.  

Reducing negative habits is the same way. Say you want to quit lying and you decide that you will catch yourself about to tell a lie once a day and will instead either tell the truth or remain silent instead of lying. All you have to do is stop yourself once, and you've achieved success.  

If you want to see more of my story and how I had to sink-or-swim, I've written up in [another comment on this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/JordanPeterson/comments/72l671/post_your_understandmyselfcom_big_5_results_here/dnm94ka/).
I'm thinking of highlighting unfamiliar words or cultural references to make it easier to revisit those when I am revising for my exams, but in general I've never been much of a fan of marking up books. 
Understood. I hope you get the feedback you're looking for. I know there are least a handful of people in the industry who have posted in this and other posts in this sub. 
That author was previously CEO of a large publishing house before he started his productivity/creator-help platform. His advice is usually pretty good in my experience. 
Excellent! When you're finished, let me know what you thought about it.
> Still, at least I know what needs sorting :/

That's further than a lot of people get. To quote Captain Mal Reynolds, "and that ain't nothin'."

At least you have high conscientiousness though. Even if you're lost and anxious, at least you're getting things done. 
I like how some people refer to those of us born between 77-83 as [the Star Wars generation](http://www.wbir.com/news/local/millenial-xennial-or-generation-x-which-generation-do-you-relate-to-most/456084112):  

> In terms of technology, [they] were the last generation to grow up without it.  They had an analog childhood but a digital adulthood.
Don't forget Leonard Nimoy as Galvatron and the last performance of Orson Welles as Unicron. 
Not JBP, but [here's one](https://michaelhyatt.com/ideal-week.html) from a productivity author I follow. 
Yeah, I've wanted the same thing from the first time I saw the movie 'Her'. To be specific, I'm referring to his original digital assistant at the beginning of the movie and not the upgraded version. 
Your conscientiousness will increase as you age, but I would say that if you wish to put in the work, you can affect personality change. I had extremely low conscientiousness and extremely high neuroticism in my twenties, but through over a decade of sorting myself out, I have seen positive change.  

I believe that accepting your current version of yourself as a finished product and not a work-in-progress is counter-productive to a successful life no matter what metric you use to define success. 
Thank you for the explanation and the context. TIL. 
In my teens and twenties, my hair was medium brown but my mustache was dark-blonde and my beard was reddish-brown. Thankfully, now that I'm in my thirties my facial hair color has settled down as the same medium-brown-with-some-gray as the hair on my head.
Is this a reference to the "cheap Jews" stereotype, or are there other, more-specific stereotypes for Hasidic landlords? 
That was also the case in Western medieval society. If you were a monk, you renounced sex, personal wealth, and personal autonomy but you didn't have to worry about your meals, you had a good chance at education, you were clean, and you were given a concrete purpose and a community of like-minded folk pursuing asceticism.  

It's definitely not a path for everyone, but there are far worse things you can do with your life. 
Isn't it also a thing where unmarried Amish men grow a different type of beard? 
Just tuck the straps into your pockets after you've removed them. Generally, mine just hang around my calves and not the floor itself, but if you're worried, tuck them in your pockets or place them on top of your underwear after sitting on your throne. 
I think it was either in the August Q&A or one of the latter Biblical lectures.
Very interesting. I scanned a few lines of this, but I will read the article in its entirety when I have completed my study schedule for this evening. Thank yuo. 
Can you please point me toward any videos or posts by him on this topic? I have seen the name Thomas Sowell, but I have never seen any of his work. 
Ah, good to know. I'll pick another movie as my trial purchase. 
> 4 out of 5 were immediate but the one took maybe 20 minutes. Not sure if their site was just slow or something.

Nice, thank you again. It looks great for back-catalog movies I want to see again that I can't stream for free. I want to watch Interstellar again and it's code is $3.95--that's the same price as a rental! 
Very nice. Does the site email the code immediately (or within an hour) or does it take a while? 
Well, a lot of those are kid's books, assigned reading, etc., but I try to get in 25-50 a year or so. 
I've never bought a UV code before. Is eBay the preferred platform? Are there any pitfalls to watch out for? 
Indeed. I hate this kind of deception especially when it seeks to subvert European heritage events into their untenable ethnocentrism.  

Personally, I think the sooner we are all the same shade of caramel skin, the better for us all.  

I enjoy my Scottish and Irish heritage and go to events for these, but all we care about is that you like our history, booze, and sports. As a white man in the American Southeast, at our last Highland Games, I saw multiple black men wearing traditional kilts and I thought it was the best thing ever!  
Very nice. I will check it out. I think it might be a great solution for a study group in my distance learning classes. 
Excellent points! Thank you for taking the time to go into detail. Given that Greece is ground zero, what is the prevailing attitude about these claims? 
I've yet to explore Discord. I was thinking of it as a competitor to Slack, but your comparison to Skype means that I likely have no idea what Discord actually is and should probably check it out. I finally downloaded WhatsApp for the first time today, so obviously I am not well-versed on all current platforms. 
That begs this question from a devil's advocate point-of-view: does holding an ideological view that is viewed as abhorrent by the majority of the group (in this case enforced ethnocentrism), does that mean that you do not ever engage with them in conversation topics that can be somewhat related (such as this branch of the conversation) or do you take their individual statements on their own merit or lack thereof? Should I check the post history of every person with which I am engaging in civil discourse?   

I'm not arguing for either point, really, as I have not made up my own view in this situation. 
In my reading of the analogy, what you are saying is precisely the point. In the teaching of original sin, we are born with the consequences of our ancestor's choosing to eat the fruit and bringing death into humanity. Because we are born into condition does not mean we are bad people, we had no control over the choices of our ancestors, but we still tasked with cleaning up the mess they had made.  

I don't think that analogy itself invalidates the legitimate concern of white privilege, but now that I have seen that post history of the person who posted that, I can now understand why their use of that analogy may have been used for their own ideological ends.   

I would be curious to hear the opinions of non-Americans and non-Westerners. Is the white privilege of Americans the same as Roman privilege over subjugated peoples, Mongol privilege during the reign of the Khans, or Japanese privilege over the Chinese during the second Sino-Japanese War? American white privilege is definitely an issue, but is this a provincial issue or just the current incarnation of a phenomenon that has existed as long as human civilization? 
At this point in my life (age 38) I have read at least a thousand books of varying quality. Both of those would be on my Top 25 list. 
Good call. I pretty much absorbed his view on Genghis Khan. I like his take on the American healthcare system too. 
I have two recommendations for you: a secular novel with a spiritual theme and a religious biography.

[Shantaram](https://www.amazon.com/Shantaram-Novel-Gregory-David-Roberts-ebook/dp/B002U5HKZ6/) by Gregory David Roberts is a quasi-biographical story of the most wanted man in Australia who escaped maximum security prison and smuggled himself into Bombay, India where he was the doctor of a slum, a prisoner in a horribly abusive Indian prison, a mafioso who brokered in fake passports, and a revolutionary who went to war with his mentor.   

The opening line is, *"It took me a long time and most of the world to learn what I know about love and fate and the choices we make, but the heart of it came to me in an instant, while I was chained to a wall and being tortured."*

[Father Arseny, 1893-1973: Priest, Prisoner, Spiritual Father](https://www.amazon.com/Father-Arseny-1893-1973-Narratives-Concerning/dp/0881411809/). It is the account of an Orthodox priest in the Soviet Gulag system and the lives of all of the people he touched while there. 