1 and 6
Something like a outer layer which will dissolve in a few days, and the inner part being degradable when exposed to the outside. 
Plus they emphasize on lower profit margins and larger volumes to increase total profit over higher margins and lower volumes. 
Nope. 6 year old laptop, lags on everything
Unlikely, Europe will probably be ok with giving him immunity. After all he isn't responsible for his ancestors crimes, and plus putting an end to a loose cannon nuclear State will be worth it. 
Yeah, apple took quite a fall in the last few years
Not to relevant to the general public. For enthusiast's though, yes. 
Or just go 10k less and buy a Nokia. It's managed to become really awkwardly priced
She realises that their friendship is strong enough to last though everything. No longer afraid of being hurt, she embraces her emotions
Starco, add it for as a good relationship for some stability and make the rest of the stuff even wierder. 
Please dude, seek some help. This isn't healthy. 
It's a reflection on the glass
Marco might be everyone's best friend, but his only best friend is star. 
In the middle of more than aquantances. 
Ikr, it's like they don't want us to know they are releasing anything
Nothing, fitbit isn't large enough for the Collab to hurt Google noticably
Then again this is acatel
The 6p was especially bad due to the battery and bootloop issues
You are brave to even attempt that. I could barely use YouTube with it
Yeah. The 6p was too hot to touch at times
But then you have to be with a dumb girl too. 
I found out quite good, but of course you'd need to lengthen it and add details to actually make it a story. Secondly just one small thing, perhaps show Marco physically disappearing as well as everyone's memories of him. 

Otherwise, it's really good. Original too. 
Agreed, agreed, and I thought she was like 20-25 . 

Pony is so self centred and annoying, I probably would have given her to Toffee to kill first

High tech black coloured stick. Something with which I can mess around with reality like it's a video game
Probably sad faces, to show depression
How much do we hate pony head? Why is glossaryk blue and disgusting. How old is Eclipsa? 
These two are the shipping devil's n knights
Nice. Add a epilogue though. You should write this down
Or he'd forget all about her, and she'll spend her whole life regretting about what could have been. 
That's exactly how a stepping stone works
And make it black and long
Nexus 6p, battery issues within months, overheating from the first week. Speaker almost stopped working, finally bricked itself without any rooting or ADB within 2 years. Doesn't even go into recovery or register on computers. 
I'd love something like the S9+ with a removable battery and oxygen os
Big if true
They just liked me and adopted me
Thankyou kind bot
That too. I haven't watched the movie yet, but Thanos caught just about everyone off gaurd. Few knew he existed, Fewer knew he was coming, and no one knew when he would come. 
Isn't that the basis though? Until observed it's unconfirmed? Plus that's exactly how we make games, to only actively process graphics of things which the character observes. 
So Schrodinger's cat? We live in a simulation and the universe is only making the necessary calculations,ie-only making what we actually observe. So if we look at the em drive more closely it reduces the error visible by devoting more power to it
Well since this is only one generation in, it's quite good. Realistically we won't see proper equality till education levels balance out in 60 years total.

I thought that the overall economies of both the east and west improved over the decades due to unification. Is that untrue? 
I thought that went really well
So we'd see temporary decrease, followed by huge increases in the economy?
Yeah, it's different when a sports body is corrupt and when a superpower is threatening people over a sports tournament
Yeah, it's different when a sports body is corrupt and when a superpower is threatening people over a sports tournament
Of course it doesn't. Explosions aren't a good way to get rid of fire in a building
There's not enough free income for most people to buy an additional tech piece which they need to regularly replace
Oh no. You wouldn't
And we thank you for that
Even the rest would be of some help. The inhumans of shield  would be really helpful. Not to mention the iron fist, like cage and the rest. Ok a fight like this you need all the help you can get
Only if the price stops increasing
r/Namflashbacks
Actually you aren't that far from the truth in theory
True and sad
It's also more profitable to not actually give away any data
Even the premium sector is captured by Samsung and OnePlus
But this means that we have a good case to argue that terms and conditions should have no legal hold on users
Monsters naturally have purple magic. This Eclipsa got it since she was close to them. 

Mewmans have golden magic. 

They combine to form green pure evil magic. That's why mewmans and monsters were kept apart, to prevent beings like meteora.

Toffee also got green magic by contaminating star's magic. 
And something will happen in between
Even I bought the 5t for roughly 300$ cheaper than the S8 and 200$ cheaper than the pixel 1
Thank for it. I was unsure how much it would be accepted. 
So people who held out on buying the s6 bought the s7? 
We typically manage to do this sort of stuff. Overwhelm the store with real responses. Makes it impossible to ignore
I like the sword idea, but not with fire. I have a concept about it. I'll write it when I return from vacation. 
No shipping in the flag though, something which unites us all. ~~like the blood moon~~
I need a series
Wow. Yes. No. Wtf. Edvard gonna happen. Lemme get popcorn n visit reddit.
I'll do a fanfiction crossover, thanks for the idea
Their phones had superb hardware
I don't exactly remember, but I'm pretty sure you can find it on XDA forums. You'll need to download the microG attachment as well for it to work
Torent666 for president!
Seriously though, who came up with the early waking schedule? I've not seen many people who like it
If the number is that low amongst the core base then I suppose public addoption is below 1%
Especially since it's stock android. They just need to change the aosp level each time and leave the rest the same
Well it might just be the type of people I've been exposed to, but I'll believe it when I see it. 
You'd be surprised. Our very culture is based on subsceverence, anyone able to get out of that mindset is brave, so many people, not just me. 
Except that I've seen plenty of unethical and illegal things happening every single day. Wether it's the police which are almost all corrupt or the sexism I see everywhere. I've traveled to other places, and it's always been better conditions
I know enough to know the truth. And I'm brave enough to say it. 
I don't have any idea how we are still a country either. Sometimes I think it's just dumb luck. 
Or they could be sweet and nice, but also socially awkward and inept. 
You can get the Google feed by clicking on the Google icon in the search bar
It's not the main culprit, but it can still be improved by a bit, as we saw in the first test. 
How did you find it? The character development scenes were not something I'm used to, so I could use some feedback. 
Thankyou. 
u/programmaticallyokra
I found the see through top to be too much. Every a sports bra would have been ok, but this gives it a certain vibe. 
The penal system is supposed to be there to reform people, not punish them. And no amount of money is more valuable than human lives.

If you are still thinking it's a good idea, the first person in the zoo should be you. You are obviously demented and sociopathic, which are also diseases. 
Using living people as zoo animals due to their diseases is just wrong, profit doesn't matter. We don't have to the right to take away anyone else's freedom
Yeah, it's a bit too much compared to what star usually wears. Feels a bit too sexualized
Star about to propose Marco, not knowing he's there to do the same


Wait this isn't caption the picture post
5gb ram. Wtf kefir. 
Then ok. 
Nah, still not, being a jerk to jerks doesn't help. Nothing short of a millionaire. 
I would if

1) stealing it wouldn't get me caught

2) The person was very rich, and in reality only lost a few dollars
I don't remember any spider. That documentary was so long ago
Wasn't there a rabbit too? And a wierdly large owl
What is the current requirement? Is there any official requirement or do you only get to know when you play?
For one it has functionality which helps reduce the size and complexity of other apps. Secondly Google needs it to get user data
Yeah. Not the best looking, but it's easier to use
Or gather at the bottom and start shooting up the top
I can't see him mention eggs
They aren't even attempting to optimise the game
True. But it did nothing at all. I still don't get what it was supposed to do
Spaces was a cluster crap. I tried using it once, but it litteraly made no sense
When's this from?
Because of the implication
Us as we gaze into the abyss that is the hiatus
I am Groot?
You could follow it on the site if you are a member. I'm not sure about how to do that on reddit. 
Yeah, no need to remove an existing feature when removing it has no benefit
Dang it, I should have waited for this
That crosses the 40k line, so the number of people buying it will decrease quite a bit
Wow, that's horrifying. The whole naming scheme makes no sense
I can't seem to find any sandstone case for the 5t
In the Indian store even the OnePlus x has covers available
Thanks
I'll be trying to release new chapters on alternate days. I'm not gonna be able to write the whole of next week, so there might be a gap.
Yes,in theory electrolysis should help
That's way too low. Plus no protein, atleast eggs or pulses are needed
I'd recommend medication. Go to a psychiatrist,explain the issue properly. 
Go pet them dammit
In this scene she's the government. We're the MHC.
For longer streches of wind farms they could keep gaps in places to allow passage. 
Star, because I wanna see what happens @0 years from now
Until we don't understand who attacked first, and start attacking each other
Xiaomi mainly profits from software on phones. It can't afford to change to stock
Same, my name is kinda boring. But then again I suck at making good names. 
ITT: my life 
Right in the feels, right in the feels. 
It's quite unique though. Lol, that's what happens with everyone, reddit sucks us in
Oh yeah. I knew I'd seen the username recently.  

I actually started writing because I couldn't find enough starco to read and got bored, lol.
They could probably have done it together. 

They didn't believe in themselves, their bond enough, and that's why they lost. 
You could check out mine, but it isn't complete yet. I've posted a link to it, so you'll find it in past posts
Good bot
The razer is worse in the camera department than 5t?
Any good ones? Every since show box stopped hosting it's been a bit hard to catch shows not in my country
That too. In brief, the council might oppose them or not help them, but never directly attack or hurt Star and Marco. Glossy however is another story
Hekapoo was willing to sacrifice herself tu help Star and Marco. I can't see her betraying them. And rhombus is just a kid. 
Still not everyone though
Yes please, I didn't want to be born. 
Even just reading through that sub helped my stabilize myself, along with other help of course. 
The ones who invaded Russia in winter?
Not a problem for non US citizens. 
Any free alternative? I mainly just use it to change my location, so encryption isn't the biggest concern
They could declare the intention to join NATO, while at the same time signing a temporary defence treaty with the west, perhaps even send over a small number of troops for 'training purposes'
3 years, they are supported for 3 years now
Thankyou. 

This particular story won't be too long though, I'm not too comfortable with this plot style. 

I'll be adding additional arcs to the first story though. The first chapter was meant as a one shot, so it was a bit lacking. 
Again, thankyou :)  I'll be back to acceptance after I complete this short. 
I saw the comic on a well known numbered sub. 
It's only fair. They violated both the law and also the terms of the reprive given to them
Definitely not Google apps,or Amazon apps,or even Samsung. All software and hardware trade with them is banned
Is it a joke though?
Subscribeme!
Yeah, I'll probably take a break from this series for a few weeks after I finish this book, and then star book 2. 
:)) thankyou. I needed a confidence boost. 
Thanks dude. I won't be making this story too long though, sorry about that , but I might have sequels if anyone wants.
That's really kind of you. I don't have much experience writing though, so some chapters might not be too good. 
Vasectomy just cuts the vas deferens. It doesn't remove the testicles. There's a big difference
Oh. I actually added that to not make things too repetitive. I'll try reducing the number of times I do that. Thanks. 
You are quite right, but rich pigeon has gone insane, so he's out of the picture for now.

Another aspect of star is her loyalty to friends, she never abandons them. And that's something which gives her a strong group of friends and advisors. 

Moon was a good leader, but not a mentor or team player. Her loss left a power vacum which Star alone can't fill. She's gonna need her friends and allies.

I personally think it will go quite well, but also have some flaws, which will be resolved over the season. 
There wasn't enough character development to her, unlikely she'll come back. 
I find this tou be quite interesting, and matching my thoughts on the situation.

I think that while star's method is harder, over time it will be better for everyone. Star is after all fighting with enemies that Moon created by her mistakes, and so far she's not made anything worse.

Star's advantage of having Marco is quite big. It balances out her personality, as we see by the changes in her over the 3 seasons. Moon didn't have anyone she could trust, leading to her taking dangerous descisions from the moment she got the throne.

Currently Toffee is dead and Eclipsa seems to like Star and Marco, so that's a good thing. 

As for the future, The arrival of Globgor will change the monster- Mewman situation. Either he's moderate,star gives up some power and equality is established. Or she clings to power causing another war. From her reaction at the end, it seems like she'll willingly step back. 
Um no, that would affect hormonal levels as well. Balls don't just produce sperm. 
Yes, because every person is entitled the opportunity to vote, which should not be based on their relationship with others. 
Then perhaps they would enable Bluetooth then, as well as streaming with things apart from apple music like normal speakers
Except that that doesn't matter to most people, because there are no results
Unlikely, given apple's track record. That's something Google will do, not Apple
Dot either apple music or apple devices. For those of us without either, which is a significant number of people, it's useless
Yeah, not American but I've heard the same. A smart speaker is only useful if you have a smart home, which is much costlier than the speaker
That was back when tech sector competition was much lower, they can't expect the same with an inferior product anymore. Plus most buyers of such tech know enough tech to know what is better
That site is cancerous
We joke about this, but it's a serious matter. If they aren't able to breed this year population will fall, and that isn't a good thing, especially for endangered species.

This is a direct effect of climate change we are observing. 
So what was the original intention? I thought it was the chest, since the other cheeks are too low.

Also I assumed it was because he didn't understand what he was groping. 
This is clearly season 4 episode 2
Starco, they are always there for each other, are great friends, mutual respect and communication. 
Wow, the total reversal in patterns.

Even the jealousy and awkward confessions.

That would mean that Tom breaks up with star
Mewnians know only one meaning of flash
Source for headline? 
He eats the guy who eats ass
We'll see Muller go into the Cohen case only if evidence reveals that Hannity also had Russian links. 
Don't we all?
Locked bootloader is the only major downside
It's not the best looking, but better to use
Yes, 5t and 5
For advertising companies user location makes a big difference
OnePlus, essential and Nokia are on 8.1
It's mentioned that Nokia will come with surge chips, but so far there hasn't been any such release. 
Also because we have many roads with the same name. 
I haven't noticed sirens or anything similar so far. I'm in India. Most people have smartphones. 

There might be a warning system, but I have never seen it used in about a decade
Not really. I've got a smartphone and good internet, but the only way I get to know about any possible dangerous situation is by checking the news, online or offline. Having an alerts system in place would really help. 
In western countries perhaps, not everywhere
And together you'd cross a 1000 mile divide.

I don't know if this was some reference, just wanted to put this out there
Few days...damn that's a lot. I had never really understood the impact of 9/11 on the world
I didn't delete it because it's my only way to contact a few people, and also is synced with some apps of mine. 
Flair this dude, the bot will remove it
But start it gently, don't want to hurt anything
I'm still on windows 7, it doesn't annoy the crap out of me
Yippee. I like these stories
Chemical weapons get relegitamized, and attacks start increasing. Russia rises in power and possibly invades Ukraine. More chemical attacks, including on US soil. USA gets isolated and it's economy declines
If you think that letting people be tortured is alright then you have major issues
Any popular apps using it?
What does that mean in common speak? I'm not a programmer. 
Any major bugs with this?
Or the driver is just new and got intimidated
Seriously, you'll end up killing yourself or someone else. Break laws when breaking them won't lead to people dying
Yeah,he showed signs of being mentally ill, and some therapy would do him good
You are kind of a star(no pun intended lol) in this sub. 
You've got a link? Or are you talking about right behind you and right in front of you? 


Isn't 236g rather heavy for a phone?
The only way to sell in China is copy apple, that's why. 
That too. Intelligence is multifaceted thing anyway. 
I don't think so, why else would ludo go to such trouble end moon and river be so worried when the wand was broken
Yeah, now that I think about it, she might be a bit slow 
They could improve it a bit though, but that would take a lot of work, probably not worth the effort
Go out and vote,talk about it, share it over social media. We cannot sit idly and hope for the best. It's our country and it's time to take it back
For the first few years Germany didn't see it either
So no 4, no 9. What will be next?
r/nononono
https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/mail-order-crispr-kits-allow-absolutely-anyone-to-hack-dna/

https://www.technologyreview.com/s/609568/biohackers-disregard-fda-warning-on-diy-gene-therapy/

https://www.engadget.com/2016/06/30/i-played-god-with-the-odins-diy-crispr-kit/

And I checked, anyone can buy it online.
Basically yes. They can mess around however they want, with relatively good accuracy. It still requires advanced knowledge though. 
Yeah, and the process the use is really inefficient, unlike in animals. 
Could it possibly work based on nerve cell length? As in it's not effective against longer nerves, so it shuts down the body first and then the brain.
Why so? Did he do anything bad?
Remember the burning rainbow and city? She'd just end up destroying everything including herself
She'd get hurt because she had no way to control her magic, it could just as easily backfire on her. 

And if she didn't use her wand, she'd get influenced by others and used
It would definitely be fun to see. I'm trying to make a story about my take on season 4, but it won't be anywhere as good. 




GMOs is basically genetically modified organisms, which is more than just crops. But the term seems to have gotten associated only with plants.

Yes, basically they just a newer technique.

This could actually increase fears. Cheaper kits means more people can get them, which increases the risk of someone using them for bad purposes. I'm not keen to see superbugs so soon.

It's actually hard to mess up too badly, since most genetic code is unused or changing it kills the organism. So accidental mistakes aren't as big a threat. 





I don't know in detail, I do know is that it's actually cheaper than earlier methods and has higher accuracy
Anything starco underway?
Exactly. Even the good guys defeat evil guys is a cliche, every damn show out there is filled with cliche's, because without them the show just won't work out. Every possibe romantic relationship has been revisited enough times to be cliche. 
Ouch ouch ouch.

That came out of nowhere,so many bad memories right now from irl :(
It only worked because of Marco. She'd have gotten much worse or hurt otherwise due to her lack of knowledge of earth and her innocence
It's not nearly as bad though
Yes, it's a technique to manipulate genes, which includes GMO plants.

My worry is more about someone using it maliciously, hence just enough regulation to prevent that
It's open source nature is the biggest draw. It isn't owned by an advertising giant either
That with a good cooling system,large Ram and good screen. Hopefully
I don't think this games even developed anymore. It's basically only supported on servers at this point, with no actual team managing it
Never thought I'd see a lot reference here
I see red blue orange green
I mean even more.  supercell games, angry birds,candy crush didn't require this level of processing power
Why even lie about this? What an attention hog
Oh my, that's genius, but in these days you'd probably become internet famous which is bad in this situation
Or have it pre-planned with her, if she's only a good friend
It's graphics are so glitchy on mobile, last I checked. Made me nauseated
But when everyone has bad reflexes, no body has bad reflexes. Set to it easy more or PvP and have fun
With fortnite and pubg it's gotten quite popular
That was a fun time
Wow, I could have done it better, and I don't even know who he is. Every answer said basically nothing
So they'll discontinue cables due dash charge one?
Mine is just someone telling me they like me. 
'mug him'
If they want users to help too they'll give a a few dollars atleast
Is this trustworthy? I can't wait to be able to isolate WhatsApp
I'm having the same problem, anything too fun becomes similar to a filler episode but worse because writing can't convey stuff in the same way.

The whole mewman law thing has been overdone by now, plus we saw in monster bash they Marco is treated like any other mewnian prince, and not like a monster. Plus the whole matter about hekapoo being buds with Marco.

I have one concept which might work, but I can't reveal it now because it's in the story. Plus it would be kinda hard to do with that concept, and I don't think I have the talent. 

So I'll try to think up something, you can pm me anytime on the site or here. 
Such a cute little doggo
I Stopped playing over a year back, there's just nothing I can do which isn't mind numbingly boring
r/lostbots
This is just grasping at straws. I'm just as against Trump as any of you, he hates people of my colour. But what did you want him to do? Just let Putin gas civilians to death? 

This attack had no civilian casualties and struck the right targets. This is as good as anyone else would have done. 
Need more dog pics
Given that it's BuzzFeed, this could actually be true
But the majority of us make small but vital contributions every day. 

Just see reddit. Individually none of us are extraordinary, we are just regular, run of the mill humans. But together we've created something huge
What if this truly is the great end? What if we actually know everything, and can't know anything more. We might have reached a point where what we know is correct, and our limitations are absolute physical limitations. 

I can't write properly in anything except English
I'm pretty sure I've read the same thing before in jokes
Still best to not say attacks over. Keeping a bit of pressure would have been useful
Yes, any app which takes user data for profit should be removable.
Yes. Just because US intelligence spies on us, doesn't mean China doesn't. 
Good to see Russia's bluff finally being called. Chemical weapon use should not be tolerated, what it does to people is absolutely evil. 
As I said, he's trying but utterly failing because he has no idea what he's trying to do
So you mean he's trying to understand the world?
But to change something you need to understand it first. It's like punching a sliding door and expecting it to open. You'll just end up making it worse
I didn't mean bigger pixels,I meant having some space between the pixels to improve flexibility. 
I didn't mean bigger pixels,I meant having some space between the pixels to improve flexibility. 
Pigeons know enough to step out of the way of cars
You have my support, let's go class action
I'm pretty sure glossy made it. 
If that's who he is, that's not a bad person, just someone who doesn't understand the way the world works
That would screw Russia up. Currently most NATO countries are still not involved, but attacking Ukraine would be too close to EU and NATO for comfort, they'll probably defend Ukraine or even enter Syria. 
Don't worry, they do that every few months. 
Well, we know the misinformation campaign against macron, mostly by Russia to weaken France. Then Russia also killed people with chemical weapons on UK soil. Both these countries have been attacked by Russia
Atleast not exact locations, that's progress
The Assad regime has killed it's own citizens in gruesome ways, but at the same time a war will cause more damage. It's about seeing what will be the best thing for a the long term. And they used chemical weapons on civilians,again. I'd say war is the better option, but not a full on global war,a more controlled one
I don't remember the report link, but last time the UN investigation was finding proof that Syria was responsible, but Russia basically stopped the investigation and burdied it before it could get any further
Wow, that's pretty bad ass. 
I don't see this being used well. I can already imagine people spamming adds and deleting them before they can be reported
Just a load of other diseases
Oh my god. Immortality truly is a curse
A small link will be good, but more as a reference. Like pointing to a poster and saying "mortals don't know about this guy, but he's saved the world several times". 
He ded?
Because it hurts too much to actually say her name
Probably that meme  today
I think they've already got a plotline with the important details ready, and add the rest as it goes. 
I wasn't being sarcastic...
It's not like we've got viruses that transmit over phone calls
So fixing the API won't help? I was hoping that would enable compatibility
So they will fix it, but discretely and there's no problem to fix. 
6p would be worse, it had bootloops and faulty batteries too 
At this point why not buy an iPhone over a pixel and be ahead of the curve? It's like buying a next generation pixel
Stop being friends with them or tell them they are wrong. Keeping such people in your life isn't a good thing. I've confronted people over such things, and honestly it feels better afterwards, being guilt free
Ok, so we've got time for this season. That's good
Also, do you have an idea for a lower stakes star and Marco solo?  I want it to be in a separate story, same universe, so as to be more light hearted. 
Wait what happened? Don't tell me he started world war 3
I've never had problems with the fingerprint scanner, and I've used it since marshmallow. Could be a bug or phone specific issue. 
To have kids, the person need to be about enough to look after them and provide for them without constant assistance.  Also basic knowledge and common sense
Oh wow.... That's so cool. A bit creepy, but I loved it. She can probably control her instincts with age though, since that's what happens with more intelligent species like humans as well.
Thanks. I'm trying to address as many points as possible. Currently the atmosphere there is still very serious, so not too much goofing off. 

I'll have to leave a few untouched for a possible sequel, since I'm not able to cover everything properly. 
He's an embodiment of magic, so he's immortal. He can be in different forms, but never truly destroyed. Probably close to omnipotent as well. He litteraly has an entire super powerful dimension created using him. 
Now I'm curious, what did you post?
But none of the NSFW content is aimed at children, and it's target audience is not children. Unless someone specifically searches for it, it's as good as not being there
She's not a real person, and as long as no one is being hurt in ok with things. So I'm my book it's fine.

As for why, people want fulfilment in life. Everyone strives to feel complete, happy. Many people don't get that from life, so they turn to fiction. It's not the healthiest thing to do, but it's often the only choice, and there's not many ethical issues with doing it.

I personally only go as far as romance and shipping, but some people prefer more physical stuff. 

And when people visualise the characters, they don't see them as children, they visualise them as someone their age, so it's not really creepy to them. 
We got your work for that. 
Exactly. I hope there's an option. 
What software is it?
But I still use the fingerprint scanner just as often, it's useful to have both
I hope they do it. Gcam will make the phone so much better
I'd like an estimate, even if it was a long time in the future. 
It could be one of their unused prototypes
Yeah, I really like the gift and think it's great of them. But they didn't owe it to us
Where? I thought we switched to machines long ago
They shouldn't stick there, but enough blood. Unless your dick is erect. Then...
But I can't move
Yesss. This is great
And the ability to write numbers till 20
Not to mention almost no brand awareness outside USA. It'll cost them a fortune to start it up
They just don't work out together. They want different things in a relationship. It isn't fair fit either of them to be trapped in tomstar
Monsters have hearts, this being doesn't. 
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
"Soda" "cupcakes
Link please
Would be pretty cool. I'm currently toying with a similar concept in a story, of an evil star. 


Season 4 is likely to touch about magic on earth , and that might link to this
Are you sure?
It's my favourite, but you'll probably hate it
Centipede on the patrol
Yeah. I'm not afraid of Congress coming to kill me over a joke, but I'm afraid of a Sangh party doing that. They are extremists and ruthless criminals. 

This affects me directly, BJP has shown itself to be willing to defend rapists
Yep. Corruption is better than what happened
But there is a live action movie right?
I would have thought he's a sociopath, but this could be it either. I'm just speculating, not a diagnosis
I think it looks pretty sweet. Don't really have a use of a gaming phone though. 
Fun. 
And cheaper
Could they do it by reducing pixel density? Small spaces between the pixels could help with flex. Not particularly good for screen quality, but could be used in wearables
Same. I'm a 18 year old who's never been liked by a girl. It's so depressing to have absolutely no validation 
Thankfully it was all marked NSFW, I saw nothing! I swear
Even today pornhub keeps linking over to some virus filled site on Mobile. Thankfully it opens in a different tab
That felt like a personal attack
Oh no, the secret is out
That hurt, they hurt a lot
Even if it's due to the NATO treaty getting invoked? Not that there happened here, just curious
Yeah, round ones are way better. I wonder why the change
Yeah, headphone jack is used way more. Then again it might be something to do with selling headphones
Either ways it's ok, just don't make it interfere with data on screen
Why else would they deny the fact that it happened?
His posterior
Which logically proves that Russia themselves had a part in the attack. Otherwise why lie about it
Oh. No I was actually serious, I never saw many cartoons, even in my childhood. 
A Mobil phone? Or perhaps a pen
I don't
Star when she looks at Marco's sandwiches size and wonders if the sandwich can fit
I know a doctor who doesn't understand this. People are so stupid dude. 
Not just facebook, facebook is just a vector. The cause is the lack of logical reasoning.
Also mewni and it's moon's are pretty new. If they had existed for much longer then the moon's would have been push away from mewni by tidal forces.

I think they all inhabitants of the dimension have originated from other dimensions, with mewnians coming from earth.

This is because most plant and animal life on the planet has originated in earth.  
Ochie. That's too me IRL. Also, attempting to forget the pain of being an unlovable loser by immersing myself in fiction. 
Aww those little air tippy taps
That's rather shitty of Honor. 
This is great <3
Wait wot? What exactly did I just watch. 
It could be bots designed to seem like users.
We all know reddit has bots, both for astroturfing and election manipulation. It's possible some malfunctioned due to some keywords
Um how about no? This both sides bs is what is causing political problems in the first place.  

Scientists are not releasing biased data. The left is not politicizing data. The right and climate change deniers are attempting to discredit science. Facts don't have compromises. 
This is definitely not normal. What people don't understand is that global warming does not mean everything gets warmer. It means that the earth as a whole gets warmer. But when we get into the details,some regions will get much colder, some much hotter. Climate will change chaotically, not giving enough time for organisms to adapt. 
Do you have a source for this? Looks like something that should be more known. 
ISN'T THIS HOW ~~MEATBAGS~~ FELLOW HUMANS TALK?
Slavery is bad yes, but pizza is my favourite?
<3
Exactly. Google takes your data, but until now it hasn't been revealed to be party to manipulating elections,experiments on unknowing users, vast data breaches. It operates within a limit, which is a comforting fact
Plus why restrict access to protection.
Well, time to get ready to switch to iOS then.
Yes, she was one of the few who knew how to deal with him, and that scared him
Those are definitely 2 good posts
As an Indian,I can say that India particularly sucks in human rights compared to the west. It's not just the population, it's a culture of subsceverence. 
XD  That's good. Tomco wouldn't be bad out of canon universe, but adding it into canon feels shoehorned,like janco. 
Oh lol. Stomco messed me up so badly. I thought it was Marco going on a date with Tom till I saw your next post.
Wait a second, who exactly is talking with star here? Is it Marco or Janna
This outcome is kinda unexpected. Tomar only at 6% without starco being in the competition
It's definitely up to personal preference. I could never manage to be in such an environment, but many like it.
Seconding this
Is there any other way to get this? It's not available in my country
Because Google is more transparent. They admit to using our data, have better security over it, and there's an opt out, which will impact your services but decrease data given by a lot.

It's but not the best but it's better than Facebook. 
That's horrifying. That Croc is way invert weight and probably sick of existing
I read two bor hoes at first
Could be, but since everything since booth buddies happened in like 2 and half days... Can't really judge anything till season 4.

Just relax man, no need to get annoyed over the characters now. There's a long time till season 4. 
Because they can't fit everything into small phones.
Nah, the 810 is real bad. A 400 series chip would be arguably better
Looks good
No one is perfect. She didn't know how to break the news to him. 
Well there's the fact that immediately after that she had to go see pony head, and then get mom went missing. Can't blame her for not getting the time to tell Tom. 
But Hulu still had built in adds for some stuff
I dislike it simply because she's thousands of years old and Marco's a teen
Yes it sure does. Despite our differences everyone here of friendly and nice... mostly.
Once again Google fumbles with the price. Why can't they just sell it at the same cost they sell internationally instead of overpricing it
Yeah, it costs about 1000$ for the pixel 2 in India. That's ridiculously expensive
Wtf 
Advertisers, when they implement adds through it
Yeah, fitting more memory wouldn't be a problem once a basic model is made.
How much do you need to do it? ~~I'll help~~ my friend will help
It could be fun if I could control this ability. Mass blackouts, destroying economies, taking down the internet. You could do anything. 
Wow, conspicuous seems to finally be coming to it's senses. 
But that would involve compromising a US military facility
RedditSilver!
That's a huge setback. It would be better to piss off vegans
10/10 would watch
Yes. Why should his acts affect the memeconomy that much. It's not that making a meme is helping him profile or her away with it
Well yeah, even I think it's too costly. About 50$ lower would have been better. 

I jest meant there's really no competition between the two. Another rival would be the view 10, which is about 30$ costlier where I live, and definitely better than the 7 plus.

This phone is awkwardly priced
That sounds like me when I lie to get out a situation lol. As I said it could be either ways, I'm not gonna drive myself crazy over it.
As a former 6P owner, no no no. Hardware is just as important as software in a good phone. 
Yeah, having a large appliance out in the open which can brand people with heat... That's as safety issue.
I don't know, it could be just an error in reading, or he could have replied without thinking and hastily covered it up. 
I don't get why the Moto x4 comes on the list. It's a great phone, bit compared to the rest its a bit lackluster.

I mean that as in it's not a flagship
Repeated and continuously charging and discharging. They got machines to do it. Also extrapolation and maths
It's not a direct competition. They cover different price ranges with different features. OP has a better chip and amoled screen. 
He might just be covering up his tracks. I do hope that's the case
That's just an attempt at hiding the truth
1)Starco

2)Starco

3)Starco

What was the tweet? It got deleted
Especially since he admitted in the last scene to being the third wheel. Either this leads to starco or a wierd three way relationship which annoys everyone
But she's annoying, Jackie is better for us lol
Not really, there are literally no users of wireless charging where I live, and none in public places. It's of no actual use to me
We will die unloved. Just kidding, we are already dead
You'd get fined for having a child on the drivers seat then. 
Any types of generalizations amongst humans typically do more harm than good. While perhaps this approach will help catch a few dozen people, it's path will radicalise many more. 

A similar generalization to the authors will be,"Terrorists are generally Muslim", "Black people are the most likely to commit crimes" , "Why native Americans tend to be uneducated drug addicts". 

All these are technically true, but not at all useful when you notice how few of them actually are like the generalization. Despite the authors intentions, such articles will only cause harm. 
Yeah. Like I get men are more voilent, but just saying that and accusing and shaming men at random does not do any good. 

There has to be a reason behind it, something that should be looked into.
Haven't we established this over countless instances that blaming an entire group for the actions of a few does not help?

Articles like this do not help and aren't constructive. We need to know why voilent extremists do what they do, not attempt to fit them all into a wide group and hate it. 
They should jest freeze most assets instead of seizing them. That should only be done if the person is found guilty
It's not that I need wireless charging, I'm more annoyed over the fact that they changed the back to glass without a good reason. Atleast most other companies did that to add an extra feature. 
Yeah, we did. I wonder why the change now
Stomco then
Seems quite good. Now market it properly
Even then it will completely stop wireless charging. Why add glass if you still have metal. 
He said high school, not middle school
He's also the only person who actually even attempted to stop meteora though, the rest played cat's cradle
There's a sub about it on reddit, you should ask them. r/outside
I'm not saying Trump is a bit extreme, I'm just saying that Dolores Umbridge would be too kind to play the role of Trump. 
Elephants are so damn intelligent and good. We should be taking better care of them.
I don't know either,lol. 
You shouldn't really post this directly on the sub. It could get deleted or your could get banned. Use PM's.
I loved the scene, only because of the way he said keelllehhh, oh and the memes too.
The fandom after the finale, on realising there's no episode after this.
Had it, bought one plus because of the similar price, and it's similar to stock. The phones were all defective and many failed at around the same time as the 5t. 

And since the Nexus line was discontinued with no replacement, there's a huge influx of people to similar phones
It's metal with glass on top. Why have glass though without wireless charging
Probably some orgy with hot girls or something. 
They did it to add waterproofing, which though still not good is a valid reason
That's one thing I live about oos. Customisable icons
The new ones?
Just delete it. I felt much better after removing it from my life
No way
Go for it.
Thanks for tagging me. This is such a cute interaction,I can almost imagine it :D. Tag me next time too if you can. 
I learnt today that is also a carrier side feature, I've always blocked numbers directly from my device
Yup. I want money,I don't have many friends and will gladly leave the country. 
Well that's the point.
Not op, but the same in India. 
I can confirm,as someone who's scared of any physical contact. 
And then root it and thus open up access to the internet
I'm guessing stop is some new cooking method, let's try that one. Or perhaps just the usual?
I was actually comparing the star vs min reaction when both of them realised their mothers were gone, perhaps forever.

While moon herself left the room, star threatened the MHC and attacked a condensing knight.

It might just have been some fanfiction I read :D, I'm not sure. But since it's the monster temple, it looks like the mewni palace, the paintings on the wall. He's a very important figure to monsters.

Yeah, that's true. Natural change happens. I'm hoping there's no forced change though. Those kids are just 15, too young for this mess. 
Moon wasn't exactly like star. She was harsher, but more formal in her actions. Star, despite her often dangerous and rash descisions is way softer at heart. 

Haha yes, destructive she will be. It'll be interesting to watch how she handles monsters, now that they have regained their king and are not leaderless. 


I'm hoping for some outcome which doesn't change who she is as a person. 
Star will be a good queen, but will she really be happy being queen though? She's shown as adventurous,fun,perky and carefree. 

She can lead, but her style will not be as centralised as moon's. More like a British monarchy.
I don't know, season 3 also ended up with her realising she should do what makes her happy, and that Eclipsa is better suited to be queen. She gave Eclipsa leadership at the end there.

It could be a mix between both places
I think it's earth. 
The kelleeeh one too. 
Me too thanks
I wasn't talking a magical power. Moon was a natural leader, and she also defeated toffee and his army alone, something that gave her a lot of respect in the kingdom. Star just can't get the same level of control.

I am of the opinion that most possible themes on season 4 are about understanding, discovery, acceptance. Wether it's moon, starco, eclipas backstory, becoming the queen, monster rights.

Star might have to give to the kingdom even at some point, if she isn't able to establish peace. It's going to be a complex 4th season. 


It'll be better to atleast have a casual reference that starco is a thing, rather than just not saying anything
She might not have much claim left to the throne though, now that she has no wand and the kingdom is in ruins.

She also realised that's she's still just a teen, and no matter her efforts she's not powerful enough to be queen. 

Season 4 might be based on the theme of rediscovery. In which she figures out who she is,apart from being a magical princess. 
He made the wand and the spell book. He does whatever he wants
Except he already knew they both like each other, that's why he was so insecure. Now that it happened he feels like he's lost a lot of tension
Yeah, he was with her because he used to like her, more than being with her because he liked who she was. Their breakup will be best for everyone
Send me a link if you can. I've only read the first 90 and can't find the others. Thanks.
Yes,I'm pretty sure. Loved that series
Power rangers RPM. That girl villain was so hot.
Good bot
And his ~~concubine~~ daughter?
That's really creepy, and way too dark for a kids show. What you are saying is that Marco gets a new body with many complicated steps, which involve murder. 


And how did they get sushi on a planet of corn
Wtf, he's like a monster emperor, Eclipsa is the strongest mewnian, and glossy who went with them is the embodiment of magic.

This is not going to end well.
Glossy dick is litteraly magic itself, he created the MHC, the wand and perhaps even much of mewni.

He could either be a good person who prefers that others work to achieve things, or he evil and is building up to a master plan, and everyone else is just his puppet.
I'm gonna disagree with you on this. Psychology is a valid and quite useful field, especially since there's no alternative at this point of time.
At this point any sane person left is getting glorified simply because we are desperate to not start a global war. 
You can't have everything dude, it's either great multitasking or blocking notifications of rogue apps. 
Or could be the mid range Google phones they talked about releasing in India
Ouch. I keep about 10 apps open at a time without the phone breaking a sweat.
Is that an effect of difference in the phone chip sets? Since apple has more focus on single core performance while Qualcomm focuses more on multi-core.
On android you can just disable background processes though. 
Yeah, that feature of android proves invaluable to me. I often just ignore calls.
Wow,That's a lot of things at once.  Smartphones in general have improved a lot since even 2015
It certainly might be important, but with everything that happened in this episode, not all the plotlines will get covered later. 
She was at her lowest when Marco left and she was alone.

She has friends this time, she's got a lot of responsibility and not a lot of power, but she's not low.
It was more like,"I knew made the right call on that bet, congratulations you two"
When exactly was it mentioned in the finale? 


Marco Tom and star. They all were selfless and brave. 
Oh my god, that means that star actually becomes queen even without the wand, moon might not come back for a long time.
Gloss is basically the embodiment of magic, yeah a wand can be created, but that's only if that little... I mean that magestic blue midget is willing to help. 

At this point who knows what will happen.
Yeah, that sure is a good point. I thought it could be more about globgor. Since he's scary and all. And also since Eclipsa clearly outmatches everyone.

A backstory will sure be interesting, once they finish the shipping triangle though.

Or this could just be a red herring and globgor will turn out to be friendly and we'll have some new villain.
They can't search for moon wildly, especially with the kingdom still destroyed. Remember what the unicorn said,moon was not supposed to be there, she's probably at the place she really wanted to go to when she was hurt by meteora.

I thought we already knew everything that Eclipsa did and why she was called evil? 
Simple but elegant.
And forget not, doomnut actually worked till eagle screwed it up.

General turdina to victory¿
Um, next season on earth? Tacos on sale? What does it mean
Glowing cheeks?  Crecents and hearts, but when the dark fades it's just star. 
Yeah, that would be a complete and kinda perfect arc for him. 

And as we saw Marco and star value each other more than they value the rest of the world. They need each other. So their arc seems to be partially about getting closer to each other despite all odds. 
We all freaked out due to the finale,lol. 

It's unlikely that he will be angry on them though, considering the hug in the end. 

From what I gather, he tells star he knows about the kiss and breaks up with her. I actually wrote a short story on what could happen, though I speeded it up a bit. 
That being earth certainly makes sense, if it is earth it'll fit nicely together with the ideas for season 4 I have so far. 

The sinister voice indicates it will be important in the future.
Are you gonna continue your messages series red? It was pretty cool.
I posted this long ago, but Tom's character arc has all along being about letting go and moving on. Just see things since the start, he changes from obsesed and angry to calm and moved on from star. 
Are you serious about the 7th one? That's just so wrong
Are we forgetting the fact that everyone had their souls returned to them when meteora was destroyed? Tom got his demons back too.
Credits to u/jeepdave for inspiring me to write a story. Thanks. 
When's the sub gonna be open. We need shitposts! This finale was too much to take in.
Why not filter in channels then, like a whitelist. 
They could just trap you somewhere and leave you. 
Yeah, I'd like that too. 
As in they seem to be unofficially in a relationship now, even though she's officially still dating Tom.
Yeah,the amount of suspense kept this time is perfect. We know what will happen, just not how.

We can see that starco has now become canon in this episode set in all but the name.


You actually are right, they love each other. I said like to make more age appropriate.
Agreed. What you are saying is the most likely and probably the best option. They could go back to acting similar to season 1, with the occasional kiss. 
And some time in jail, just for running away like pieces of diarrhoea
Yeah, and Disney won't show polygamy, so that's not at option. They seem to be doing it slowly to keep hype and not hurt people.

In this episode it felt like tomstar were not even a couple, and starco was one. So it's only a matter of making it official. 

The other option is keeping tomstar going, while star and Marco clearly like each other and have kissed, something which will disappoint everyone.

I saw the Eclipsa returning to her husband as a reflection of star finally getting together with Marco. 
He's already 30!
Still not allowed it seems. 
I think season 4 is likely to mirror season 1. Wet saw season one as relaxed. Season 2 started ramping up the tension, and so in season 3 star decided to be the best princess possible. But in doing that she lost a lot, and in the end changing herself didn't help her. 

1. I see star start giving more attention to friends and family in season 4, instead of constant focus on the kingdom. 

2. Eclipas husband has a fair chance of being evil, and having way more power and skill than his daughter. He's also most likely a monster king or something.

3. Star no longer has the wand, so her legitimacy to the throne is threatened. It's possible we see them return to earth sometime next season, as foreshadowed by Marco Jr.

4. Starco is likely to happen early next season, with Tom aimicably breaking up with star. 

5. Next season likely to not have one main villain, but instead deal with star's possible ascension,moon, globgor and earth. 
I agree, Tom's open about the fact that he's now the third wheel
Let's hope it comes out as soon as possible. We need it.
That too. There's not much of a contest left to the ship war. Star clearly shows this episode that she cares way more about Marco, and likes him. 

It was funny how they got that embarrassed when her dinner came. The nature of their relationship is no longer that platonic as before 

I can't wait for season 4. Any idea what's the release date?
Eh, Eclipsa doesn't seem to have any interest in the throne. If she wanted she could have killed star right here but she didn't.
Star and Marco don't seem to be trying to be just friends.

Tom seems to be ok with a break up.

There was so much starco this finale, so season 4 starco.

I don't know.
Wow, that was some finale. 
Yeah lol. What suprised me was star not attempting to deny it anymore, the fact that Marco's basically her unofficial boyfriend. 
Can't wait to read it. This episode gave a very good idea about what happens in season 4. 
Tomstar seems to have almost broken up, with Tom accepting his role as third wheel and what not. I'd say starco is here.
And Tom also seemed ok with it in the last scene. He's shown to be mature and ready to move on. Everyone is great and season 4 will have everyone happy.
Yeah dude, tomstar seems to have unofficially ended, and Marco and star seem very close
She's no how though.
For shipping it seems like Tom might understand and me ok with star liking Marco more than him. So an amicable breakup in season 4 is predicted. 
Definitely 2 great ones. I didn't know they were yours. 
Tomorrow, after the new episode. I need some non shipping inspiration.
Way to much on the crazy side
That's a bit harsh, especially if they meant they lost large sums of money.
I don't use fb or nudes, but ideally the reviewing process should be done by a third party which will just forward necessary data to the authorities, and delete everything once viewed. 

Facebook shouldn't be keeping any data with itself for any longer than necessary.
That's actually pretty cool. I'll keep that in mind.  I guess I'll start with short stories, I'll probably post it here too.
Who can forget that lol. No where near that level yet though. 
I have this feeling that she actually has a secret account over here, no one can just read reddit without feeling like commenting. 
Because magic is purple,green or golden. Golden is good and creative, green is pure destruction, purple is somewhere in the grey regions.
Me too, when I finally get a computer
Oh,I didn't know. I tend to feel obligated to complete a story if I start writing it. Yours is a healthier approach on things.
I'm sorry about your loss. I know,I tend to just write down something random or a small song at times.

I'm waiting for a spark to write on this, don't want to have an incomplete project. Mostly after the season finale tomorrow/today.
That actually makes sense, and I agree with you. I also used to prefer darker stuff. The hotter the flame, the better the blade. 

My idea of a story involves the starting leading the person on and having a lot of emotional tension. The mid having several twists and turns, and lot's of suffering, but not permanent. Like several smaller subplots getting started and resolved, while not ignoring the main plot. The end being mostly happy, but with a bit of worry and a few important untied threads. If only I actually got to start writing one, lol.

I can no longer enjoy such stuff because it started linking to personal life events, making it too painful. 
Not applicable in India and China. The twitch and eBook part
Yeah, for me it's cheaper than any other streaming service, and has other benefits too.
I just use it to get cracked apps and a few regional apps. India's been on a ban spree since 2014.
I've noticed that. It's a personal choice. I care too much about fictional characters to see them hurt,lol.
But what if it knocks him out for some time. And star thinks he's dead. That would be interesting to see. 
Marco leaving again was painful though. I'm less about shipping and more about a happy ending for everyone.
Can't waittttt
Eh, if they wanna watch porn and read comics with me they can just ask. It's more about the general privacy issues than targeted attacks.
Yeah, the issue is if they keep a copy. The scanning should be automated with no copy of the data saved at the companies servers.
They design the chips,modems,radios.
They could, but if would be too much of an expenditure to realistically take up. They'd have to start with the other companies having a huge lead, and spend a lot of time and effort.
Qualcomm designs chips, from a basic design by ARM.

Qualcomm then contracts the actual manufacturing to the companies which can make chips such as Samsung,tsmc etc. 
Exactly, at that price why not just spend a bit more. This phone is a bit too costly.
At a 40+ price they will loose customers. 
Not bad, but not special, and that's an issue for LG. They need a phone that can shine
So paper towels,seats,benches, chairs, underwear? That not bad
No longer they shitty
You need to have a so in the first place to have a breakup.
That's different, the spirit of that law was the protect the environment.

This law is to help consumers, and Google already changes the order in which results occur. All they need are a few modifications which don't specifically target pinterest. Like lowering ranking of the links which don't actually lead to the images in image results. 
In a capitalism based society it's never a good idea to fully trust a company, you have to be able to think for yourself.
It comes down to the fact that they are way too many apps to manually sort, and they aren't willing to be strict and get false positives like apple.
Google should add a add on which automatically uses the - command on whichever sites the user requests
They could get around the law though, citing user benefit
Not much difference, they didn't do much marketing, and physical copies are cheap
It's a bit too expensive in India,compared to competitors.
Of course, he'll need a few decades more for that.
Except the really aren't any real international units. He's talking about the price in India, which is in rupees.
Plus I'm pretty sure the circumstances here would lead to very light sentencing. 
Can I pick the weapon? I'd choose a fucking nuke to the head
Don't sit on them, they could get stolen, just put them into it
They should actually launch a facebook competitor and advertise it as privacy focused and less spammy
I hope so. Especially with IoT devices, general purpose SoCs will become a must. 
Exactly, people don't seem to get the difference between actual assets and profitability. 


It would help them start expanding the reach of Exynos chips, especially since the semiconductor business is very profitable for them.
Couldn't the just use a efficient phone chip like the 625 and underclock it?
Yes, just rechecked it on google. It's but explicitly stated as the reason,I couldn't actually find any.

But the sexual assault case and this seem to be linked.
Won't happen, cartels will slaughter them if that happens.
~~Yup. We would have seen a starco kiss in it if not for her.~~

I mean she's not too necessary in the show
The real world reason is that the voice actor is facing some criminal charges, and they can't use him.
I'd be willing to make them bankrupt if I could get away with it
Yes, I'd like that. It would go towards helping the needy. AKA-me.
This is a good one
Janna!
Next time I need to a psychology paper, I'm asking this sub for help
It sure will make everyone tilted. 
Camera and no waterproofing
Not really, those keynotes don't attack their own products, or suddenly support competitors.
Well if immorality allowed me to kill myself,I wouldn't be immortal. I don't like being alive a lot, and I'd rather not spend an eternity doing something I don't like. 
This is either real multiplayer, or the step before real multiplayer
I wanted it for the laughs. I'd say written stories are better. 

First 2 are good, the third wierded me out. I'm talking about science of course.
The volume is mainly due to size constraints. They can improve quality, but there's not much demand for the price increase. 
I thought the minimum colour value was an issue in most modern devices
To be fair, the screen was good looking, but in accurate. 
The majority of the population isn't happy about the changes, they take it because they lack other options. 
Seriously, I'll prefer just dying. Afterlife will be torture, being immortal is overrated.
Yes,trust issues make it hard. Thankfully not applicable to dogs
Eh, as long as they aren't acted upon jail isn't needed
Please, just stop
Please pm the link or name
I think everything from the crystal to the crocodile is the marcoficient 7
It's not for the general public
I thought they already switched their APIs in 2016 to avoid further damages
Your mean Lenovo. Moto is just a shell by now
The only way I'd be ok with that is if it jumpstars starco right from episode 1 of season 4.

Gosh why is the next season so far away
That would be torture though, unless they confirm he's alive in season 4. 
He could just die temporarily, like star did. 
I would almost agree with this, except that it's established canon that Eclipsa is as powerful as star, and way more powerful than moon. 

She might not do magic without the wand, either temporarily or permanently, but she's still the most skilled and strongest. 
That's just the probability risk, can't be avoided and also, since probability is independent of other cases, there's no increase in risk in a flight
Sure hope so, I'll surely read the story then. From what I saw, it seems to be really great. 
That's one of the reasons I'll not like Tomar as the end game, Tom's acted selfishly way too many times. He doesn't seem to truly care about star, unlike Marco
Not op, but I tend to read the last paragraph first, to make sure it's not a sad ending, I'm wierd that way. I can't risk anything causing me to relapse.
Do not read it if you don't like sad endings
That was this season though. Next season will probably focus on star adapting to life as queen, with a more balanced focus on issues, including earth.
So are we getting this in 6 or 8 months?
I'd prefer if there was light regulation on both. Not too much, just enough to stop anything dangerous from happening.
Call the emergency line.  Dead body is a big enough emergency. 
Oh. From your writing, it doesn't seem like you are inexperienced. 

You should try it, I made an account there, never really wrote much though
Yeah, I'll prefer if people don't kill themselves, but I'm not against it. We should try to convince them not to do it, but it's not our right to force them not to.
Yesss. You got it in fanfiction.net ? Send me the link, I'll follow it.
I love it, and I hope it's starco. 
And we already going crazy
Depends on other factors then.
It's essential, but a few days off doesn't change too much. 
I'd buy a pixel if it came under 30, and wasn't over a year old
Both are a to blame
Yes, keep it confined to essential services, and provide them with other methods to show their protes
Not for public organisations though, only individuals.
Too similar to bdsm
More
Even 23k would be good enough, at the current price it's just overpriced.
Um no. It's processor is one of a lower series, and bootloader is locked.
Even the 7 plus is a few thousand too much. It should have been below 25k. 

It's competing with one plus with a slower processor and no amoled screen. It's too expensive to be cheap, but not high enough specs to be a flagship. It's essentially screwed. 

Either it's processor should have been bumped up and price increased a bit, or it should have been a few thousand cheaper. It's optimally placed in the worst possible position in the market.
They seem to have realised the limit is too low, and have probably kept internal limits on the number of active devices with the same account.
Yeah, Google can't do they without screwing themselves over, it's in their best interest to not block want custom ROMs or microG
It's very impressive. It bullys the most amount of people it possibly can at a time.
I do that even when I'm not high, or am I always high?
He likes freezing up everyone, that's not good in battle
I'm hoping that star confesses about what happened, then Tom realises she likes Marco more, and takes the mature descision to break up with her. 

Both leave,a bit upset but wiser. Season ends with star telling Marco that they need to talk.

That way, no one is too hurt, and there's enough gap between the two relationships.
Starco ppl read this, tomstar people read jeep. It's good for everyone
Would be a cool pairing
Farming will be way more efficient
Nah, the baby's way too young to be dated, that would be creepy. 
His argument itself is wrong though, that's the problem. He's saying they lose money due to Amazon, which isn't true
That's not Amazon's fault, he can raise the cost if he wants, instead of just complaining. He's the damn president, he's not powerless.

Plus the postal service actually profits off Amazon
But with treble couldn't they just change the stock part and leave the rest the same?
It's not the most prominent thing. I personally prefer having more storage over the updates being faster
If she is we won't know till season 4
That's when we unsub and set a reminder for one week before season 4
Me too thanks
No, me.
That's generous
In North damn Korea
Well even a bottle of water can help him, why not puddles or blood
That's not the issue, and game development has slowed down a lot over the past few months. What you are struggling with are artificial chokepoints.
Do it
More like dad :(
Isn't that 999?
Mewnians aren't known for their intelligence. 
Whoa, good thing you had a warning here. I thought 474 was multiplying. 
Or even the 6p. It was horrible to have a phone which kept lagging and overheating. I prefer the 5t even with the worse camera, it doesn't burn me.
Performance, I'd rather have a phone better at daily use than the occasional camera performance
Wtf
I think you answered the wrong comment
I love this sub with all its memes and shitposts.
So what we can say that after reaching 1nm tech minituarization will stop until we find a better technology.
Even the last 10 years have been huge in minituarization. Ram itself increasing from half GB to 8 GB. 
It's an open standard, completely free to use
Yeah,60% is too much
If you didn't consent to it, then it's rape. 
What's the trick?
Fishing could be done in dish farms instead
That would be too much for any of us
That's creepy, these are all huge networks under just one person. No sensible person will like this
And to balance that movement speed reduced to half
I feel bad for the poor pigieon
Not yet, I've not got much time in a few days. I bookmarked it for future reading.
That's better than the current sitch. And ranged combat will still be restricted to snipers.
There needed to be atleast one short range weapon, even a grey pistol
That could work. Eclipsa would be a good queen
Sure, that's what he meant
Hopefully they get together by then. Could be the Marco and Tom conversation occurs before that
Atleast such honesty would be appreciated. Japan is literally lying to the world, and that's perhaps worse than jest whaling
It's like one of those spells which seduce people into becoming it's slaves. It's unnaturally perfect.

Especially since it almost made star a mindless creature, it seems like it wants someone as it's gaurdian.
Perhaps, it's almost as if she's being controlled by that dimension. 

I'm more interested about star's dynamic as queen, that's gonna have some pretty big character dynamic changes
I think she's meant to be the unlikable character
They did really clear it up yet. Star checking out Marco's abs while dating Tom would be a bit wierd
It's might be a casual reference, instead of a serious direct connection
So moon,as predicted is lost in an unknown dimension with condition unknown. The whole meteora Eclipsa moon fight was textbook. Neither episodes really showed something unknown, which the synopsis didn't infer.

No shipping, so hopefully that means we'll have a solution next week. 

All in all decent, but not really the best pair of episodes. 

As long as it isn't a compulsory addition to stock. 
Yeah, atleast give an access to all data for a month or so, so that the person can retrieve it
He keeps going for solo stats instead of being a team player, best to keep him at home
Their playful fight ended with star lying on top of Marco. She was close enough to feel his breath on her face. As if by instinct, she closed her eyes and leaned in, with Marco mirroring he actions. Their lips touched with pure bliss, as a red glow fell on them from somewhere in the sky. 

They deepened their kiss, as Marco's tounge asked for entry, which star did by opening her lips. It was a battle for control with neither coming on top. Marco had his hand around stars waist, bringing her closer, as star put her hands around his neck.

Finally, they both came up for air,"I love you", said Marco breathlessly, while gazing into stars eyes. "I love you too", said star, as a blush spread on both their faces.

Edit- if anyone wants to read more, tell me what you'd like,I could write shorts on fanfiction.net , I got a few weeks free. 
Give the people what they want! Another fanfic!
Ugh that horrible one
If it's serious then that's just a bad idea. Plus nowhere is it told how we'll actually get paid in real money
I definitely though waffles
Glossy dick
Well the body takeover stuff was creepy. It's an concept which terrifies me. It's really good writing
Seems great, if a bit dark
It can't be used for gaming, photos, videos and most things people do
Don't, it's fake
It's not obscene, it's a fortnite dance, fortnite is a hugely popular game
Hadn't seen it before. Or would be cool if the story happens like this
Got a link to the story? Sounds pretty good
Even I don't know if it could work, just an idea. I thought the plastic would absorb a lot of the force 
Yeah, that's another good point. Best not put it in the show though. Might be a good idea for a fanfiction, in which Tom breaks up with her in the end when he realises her heart always lies with Marco
The last one shouldn't happen, it would be bad for all 3 of them. Also star doesn't have much of a reason to lie to herself now that she knows they Marco likes her
Or perhaps just making it like a b level channel for shows which don't get time on the main channel
It only shines on a couple every 667 years, and or then follows the couple around
It's still popular, but only after resolving the situation. Leaving at this point will make the situation worse.

Work out a peaceful solution between turkey and the khurds, then slowly decrease forces over the course of the few years, and make sure Assad and Putin don't gain control of those lands again
Attacking someone who's just offering to mediate would definitely have global backlash.  The west is at a tipping point,a bit more and they will start actual pressure on Russia
Unless the incident was caused due to malfunction or a major logical error, there's no need to shut down all the cars. 
Then perhaps just a thin sheet of ceramic, but plastic within
I get that point and I agree with it. I was just saying that the only reason why a better vibration motor isn't used in most phones is because of a size limitation. It would be better to have a larger battery instead
I'd definitely prefer a better motor, but it would come at the cost of the SD card slot, headphone jack and a bit of battery. Those taptic cores are huge, like 4 times bigger
I liked the one on 5t and 6p.
It's not that simple, you'll end up with something like the xz2 compact, or a brick
I'm quite fond of the vibrations on the OnePlus  5t and the Nexus 6p. Sure they aren't perfect, but they are good enough
See the iPhone or Sony's new phones motor size, it's way bigger than the ones in current phones. It's a trade off between removing other essentials and a better vibration motor
Not if that requires them to decrease battery size or remove the headphone jack. Sure it's a good feature, but it's not essential or important as many others
It's called masturbation
I don't know whether this is a joke or a real event
Not really, the 5 and 5t might have been copied, but they were unique from the front and looked good. The 6 is a near complete copy and doesn't look good either
It's but possible to keep the price or even size the same. Headphone jack is tiny compared to the battery.
It's not as advanced as you think. Just a rubber seal around the headphone jack and USB C port. A mesh screen in the speakers, and mild increase in adhesive between the screen and body. 
Or atleast IP 65. 
I meant that the phone might be decreased in length, so the screen would become smaller.
From some renders, it seems like you actually lose screen area compared to the 5t
Doesn't America mean it's people. 
Come on dude, at this point you are just spam
If you are right, then they means that they are actually reducing screen size and it's back to 16:9 
Probably so. This was done mainly to prevent OEM's from installing gapps without Google permission, and that's not an issue with magisk
Something something,sacred texts. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
They still are too expensive for most people
The phone itself is malware,root it, add custom rom
I think this proves that Samsung does not implement Knox to help customers, or does that only for companies
(Daron laughs evily in the background)
Like we all knew this would happen, the question is who's heart breaks,star,Marco, Tom, Eclipsa.
More like "meOW"
The leaks would change nothing, the only people to see the leaks are the ones who would watch the episode anyways. This is more because everyone thought this was a filler episode
So there's pony head,star butterfly, Eclipsa and heartbreak. 
Yes, I'm a 18 year old who's never had a girlfriend, and  I'm mostly fine with that. But it's me a societal norm they everyone has to be in a relationship. Why can't it be ok to just be alone
Not at that cost
Fingerprint scanner and no bloat with the Nexus 6p, I can't buy a phone without those 2. Also I can't use small phones anymore
Me. Seriously I've just stopped trying or seeking help. Yes, I'm depressed and have unstable emotional outbursts, but I'm too tired,I don't want to do anything anymore
Plus the iPhone X doesn't have the best reception amongst regular phones either
That's a great way to get facebook banned in most of the world. 
That would be so cool
I'm 18, but to get a try reading you should just make a poll
Yeah, they communicate regularly which prevents sent build up of anger and frustration. Effective strategy
Oh wait, I'm an idiot. I confused ludo with toffee.
Not really, Facebook's core group is loosing interest in it, and others are wary after the privacy issues
Insanity, genius is less angry
That would be great. Pretty sure that comic got atleast a few thousand be fans of the series
And it's already loosing it
They screwed up by not marketing, non-competitive prices in several markets, and products which just weren't as good as the competition. 
Yeah, it's easier to pirate than get a software legit, not to mention the introduction of subscription software makes them a pain to use
Well I do that, but that's not the point. It's that most other villains, in real life and fiction can be understood,ludo can not.
Nope, android p adds native support for notches, which will solve that issue. And anything they works without the notch just needs a small snippet of code to work with the notch in earlier versions
Judging by pony head, they aren't dead or too severely injured. They will unite under the banner of princes turdina!
Yes, it's like the eye of the storm
That's a huge difference between models
Like a must popular, and picked by editors list
I can agree. The only advantage Google has is an open ecosystem, change that and Apple is the way to go
Only once? I thought it was one every time you visit the zone
Google doesn't seem to concerned about custom ROMs at the moment. They won't ever reach a mainstream audience, and won't be supported by a big company. So it's a non issue to them
Nearing? She's way past it.

She killed all those close to her
Can agree. They basically never learn how to be a good person, because they were always forced to be good. The moment there's no force... They go wild
I don't think Tom actually likes star that anymore, he just liked her since she long that he feels likes her, but on introspection will realise that he doesn't.

That could be a good way for Tom to peacefully detach from the relationship
In reality yes, but in a children's cartoon? That's doubtful.
I hope so. I want the finale to focus on meteora, with a strong hint for the S4 relationship given in the next episode set
As Ms heinous she was evil, and he supported her schemes, so yes. 

Sure there's a lot of sympathy towards her, but that doesn't change her actions
Yeah, that's what I think. We don't know exactly how it works or what it does, but it seems like it chose them specifically.
The timing was also remarkable, only lasting for how long it took them to dance, especially since the dance was forcibly ended.
Firstly, the blood moon could have hot anybody, but if hit them, at that too exactly at the moment that they got into dancing position. It also went away when Tom threw out Marco which stopped the dance.

Secondly the moon isn't forcing feelings, it's a physical show of fate
I'm hoping he feelings get resolved in the next episode, since pony head seems to be watching a serial with a similar plot. 
To be fair, that scene was very painful to watch, it showed Marco being completely replaced, like old clothes.

Not anyone's fault, but still painful.
Is the background supposed to be white or black? There's some display error over the reddit app
Nah, must have good deleted or downvoted pretty quick then. I'd recommend you to just not visit the the subreddit, and avoid the controversial threads
I didn't see anything of that level in the sub, and I was checking the sub for drama that day
True fake texts
Well I personally just found this sub a month or so back, but since then most people have been civil and wanting the characters to have a happy ending.

I'm pro starco, but I'm also sad due Tom at the same time. 

Edgar do those short forms stand for?
What you are saying would likely happen in real life, but the chance of this happening in the show is really small. Or would essentially be advocating for child marriage, and go against their family friendly channel theme.
True. It's definitely a possibility, but I really hope it doesn't happen. If it happens I suspect it will be something like them taking meteora to a safe place, calming her,followed by Eclipsa backstabbing moon.

I'm a bit confused as to how it will fit with the rest of the shows development.
This depends upon tough love. 

If meteora regains sanity then eclipsa will help her, but she doesn't seem like the person who will aid a senseless massacre of innocents,ie- if meteora continues her current path of destruction.
Just make it animated
Well yeah, but them actually making it an important point is another thing.

Honestly I'll not be too happy if star's relationships are dependent on politics. She should be with who she wants, wether it's Marco or Tom.
Just bring in Chloe Bennet, she's already in the Marvel universe
Ya... meteora has gone crazy. She's on a rampage of destruction and likely to kill anyone in her path. 

Tough love will probably show wether she gets logical and evil with a proper goal, or just goes on a spree of mindless destruction.
Oh, as long as it works it's good enough. Thanks.
That would be so cruel. Arguably losing all of one's memories is worse than death.
Yeah, their relationship is platonic
There is literally no one to blame in this episodes.
Not me, it tried manipulating me into being angry at everyone once, never using that app again
But he actually died in the end, Yvette confirmed. Since Eclipsa would only get free when ludo was dead. 

Ludo was scarier to me because he was just evil, there was no way to empathize with him.
Disney is really really unlikely to allow a romantic relationship to get connected to a political situation. 
Because I'm pretty sure every shipper has been on the loosing side once now, so now whichever ship wins we don't want to fight over it. It's empathy. I never thought I'd say this, but all the ship wars made this community closer
Yeah, especially what after that. He wasnt on the right side, but he was a good person, loyal and faithful till the end
Yeah, Eclipsa seems to like moon and star, aaj I doubt she'll kill them. 

Unlike many theories suggesting that moon dies,I think she just is trapped and in an unknown location, forcing star to be acting queen
Thanks, the dash charging is useful, and even the OnePlus store in my country is out of stock since weeks. 
Those devices are way more expensive
Android is a famous name, and phone os sounds silly. 
I always do the first part, never the second part though, that'll be wierd
My 10$ plan costs about 160$ in the US
It's stupid, impractical, too expensive, and disgusting to look at
Because it's outshining all their other phones, and they want people to use their own custom android skin.v
Yeah, that would be a great base model to take. With more spice to more suit the tone of the show
Basically what I see most people want is to get starco together by the season end, but still make their relationship face more problems
That actually wouldn't be that bad an idea. 

I was thinking more of something where one of them is about to be killed, but the other uses magic/mad KungFu skills to defeat them, while expressing their mutual emotions at the same time.

We then end the scene with them looking up and just saying,"Tom", showing worry about him.
That could work,it would be a very literal show of all her conflicts in the season
I don't think Marco will die, either star has a plan requiring her to be alone, or meteora arrives with another threat which needs to be fought off
Final few seconds, when star comes back to take the photo strip
Please no sad
From what I saw, Marco initiated, star lengthened it a bit. It was consensual and both of them like each other. 

Its but cheating in the spirit since Marco thought it was the only way out, and both of them realized what they did was wrong due to the situation 
The most likely and preferable scenario is the first one

Tom will have done a 180 from his earlier obsessiveness and anger in season 1. 

Star will finally be able to face her emotions without fear.

Marco changes from the sad and quiet boy to someone who is honest and doesn't have low self esteem issues.

It would be a good way to end the character arcs. I just hope all 3 of them are happy in the end
It's not really cheating though here. For one they thought they couldn't leave without being honest, and secondly they both realised what they did was inappropriate in the circumstances
Not again. It would get too repeated. 

While the overall idea is good, it could use a different plot
Perhaps she's about to hurt star, which leads to Marco dipping down and finally find magic, but also reveal his true feelings to everyone. 

Then star defeats meteora with the help of the brief reprive she got. Followed by a starco kiss/hug.

The season ends with them looking up, and seeing Tom, though Tom's reaction is not revealed.
While the kiss was not expected, it wasn't really forced, they both leaned into it.
I hope they don't linger on the triangle much longer. We need season 4 to address the growing pains of the probable starco relationship. 
I don't think either of them saw it coming
He's insanely strong, stronger than a human his size can physically be, and if they ever want to give him powers, they could basically just enhance his strength a bit further.
You got skooled though, it was pretty important. Set the path for what meteora will do.
I share most of your opinion, and hope that the rest is true. 

From what I see. These 3 have their own character arcs. Marco's arc is about being confident and going for it. Tom's arc is about finally letting go of his anger and star. And star's arc is to start dealing with her emotions and problems, becoming more mature, and not running away from things.

These 3 would be resolved if starco happened. 

I hope it happens in divide and conquer, with divide having a side plot of tomstar breaking up and conquer having one of starco getting together.

It's been one establishing season, one with Jackie, one with Tom, now we need one with the star and Marco.

Also this episode we saw that Marco can no longer stay as just friends with star, and seeing that he's in the season 4 poster they must be getting together sometime soon.
#deletefacebook

Be the change you want to see.
Seriously dude!!!! This is so hype right now, I can't wait. And I hope there aren't any more cliffhangers at the end of this season
Yeah it's there and it's crescent, though I don't know if that part is important. It's in the last few seconds of the episode
Pancake
So that's why dash chargers are going out of stock
It might be still available on some places online
Oh. I'm almost certain they both like each other, it's only a matter of if they get together, given they didn't get together in 3 while seasons so far.
It would be a good character arc for Tom too, to change from angry and obsessive to someone who is willing to let go. 
The last few episodes I felt like the chances of starco decreased, but this episode shot them up again. Over the long run I've always leaned towards starco.

It's not a question of do they like each other, it's more about will circumstances be ok for them to actually get together.
Porn it
It's not porn, it's actually videos of fortnite. it's also trending at the moment
The question is, what will happen now. I'm leaning towards starco, especially due to the last few seconds of the episode showing the blood moon and markings on Marco's cheeks. But it's still up in the air at this point
To me, that and the crescent moon on Marcos cheek when star holds the picture strip confirms starco. Symbolically they were huge as they showed that they'll always be together
Booth buddies was a strange episode. 

The kiss seemed consensual by both, showing that they still like each other. But then came the reminders that he's her squire and she's with Tom.

This honestly seems like a reverse of eclipsas situation. 

Now they everything is revealed,either starco occurs soon, or both of them move on completely. But given the blood moon which was again shown today, the chances of starco occuring are higher. 

Perhaps Tom's arc will be about how he is able to overcome anger completely, and stop being arguably obsesed with star. 

Skooled just showed what we all knew was going to happen, and despite the action it felt more like a filler. It set the stage for the season finale.
It's star,see the bracelet
Did anyone notice the blood moon at the end? That means the blood moon stuff is actually important in the long run. What's gonna happen now, dangit. This is even more confusing than the last episode, atleast everything is out in the open though.
Plus the fact that Tesla is viewed as a status symbol, not having a facebook page can't put much of a dent to the snowballing publicity they get by other means. 
Check YouTube, but only at your own descretion.
Dude are you all right? 
But dot com companies depended way more on publicity than Tesla or spaceX.
The war will start in full force, both sides strong. Let's see what the result is
The hype is killing me. Especially since this it doesn't tell us what happens next.
Yup, it will. This is going to be way worse than the war after the last episode
Tesla doesn't need facebook, they are famous enough without it. 
Don't miss either one of them
Still need them?
It's hard not to get invested. Personally I'm either fully in our fully out of something.
The episode isn't bad
It's huge, but still confusing from the spoilers. Or must probably even the episode will be bit clear on the future. I shouldn't have watched they
Cool. Can I grow them in anyone?
Yup. I never knew Spotify could be hacked like that till they themselves started talking about it
And that's why people are heading back to piracy. 
It's basically the system used in those old games like dragon city. At this point it's a game within a game. Not a good implementation of the update.

A better way would be one dog per person which will never leave them, and gain traits the more time you spend in game. And this time can be spend up with coins. 
I'm curious about the room on the lobby, since we don't know what's behind it at all. 

The true friend perk can essentially only be used if your pay due treats though, so it's still a pay to get feature.
You mean that the true friend trait, and hence three blocked rooms cannot be opened without paying?

And has anyone opened the room in the lobby yet?
Yeah, that's one good thing
I sure hope it's atleast IP65. I've occasionally had a few drops of water fall on the phone, no problem yet atleast
The UI is a major deterrent though
True. Many jumped ship from Nexus to one plus.  The only possible competitor at the moment is Nokia if it starts unlocking bootloader
Good point
..... You could make the same case about and information storage
Lumia 520, I couldn't deal with the closed software and the lack of pirated stuff. Realised android was the way to go
But that's only the case in America. What about the rest of the world?
But that would mean moon dies
Apple actually profits off people using their phones as well, unlike the others. So it's not financially a disadvantage for them to support older phones
Yeah. 64 GB is good enough, but they doesn't mean I wouldn't like more storage
Doesn't that make the original dogs disappear though? 
You can add an addblocker as an add on
Is it really that famous? I've seen it too, but especially on this sub it's like everyone has seen it
Similar story. I saw the all famous NSFW comic of star and Marco, hour curious and searched for the cartoon. And here i am
Might be fun to use as a prank. Especially when the world can no longer produce milk and begs me to stop screwing them over
Or even on their own midrange phones
Huawei has its own chips and network equipment, so it could keep a backdoor completely undetectable. They probably worries the US government. Plus it's government owned unlike the others.
Somewhere between a large nuke and destroying earth.
It's not an NDA from what others said. A waiver just indicates that the act is consensual, while an NDA prevents them from speaking about it.
So cuteeee
Dual or triple lenses then. With Google's software and good hardware the camera could be marvelous. 
Yeah,I had that. Most popular apps didn't work and 8.1 was a step backwards
Same. Mine lasted about 1 year 8 months. It overheated randomly, shut down above 30% and just bricked itself in the end 
I remember that one
Plus he got them mag fighting skills. If anyone can do it, it's him. He's the only one who's good in fights despite having no powers. 
I can agree. Most of us don't have the excess income for another costly electronic device either. 
Nexus 6p. Plagued with hardware problems
But that shows the trend that matured markets will see a decline in facebook usage, so in the kind term the company will fade
Makes sense. OnePlus is popular because it gives flagship specs at lower prices, increasing prices that much would stop most people from buying their phones
I hope not. Child marriages would be crossing a line. 
Yeah. I just want to enjoy the destruction without any more love triangles. It needs to end
Seems a bit odd that they discontinue such a hugely popular system
He's not too far from the truth, just very agressive
Pixel 2xl  if you are ok with no headphone jack. 

5t if headphone jack is a must.
He could have done that without making his charity a LLC and opaque
Basically yes. He and his products are scum, and can't be expected to change
Yeah,I was speaking in general. As long as it isn't a real human it can be of any age.
I know right. I'd love it. 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA^^AAAAAAAAAAAAAA^^AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Of course. Comic characters can be of whichever age you want them to be. 
Could the use a power friendly phone chip like the 650?
Cheaper phones than this have fps. 
At the age of 29? That's an early death
Books are different, they are one person works. Movies have so many actors,writers, artists,etc. 
Even before the update, since several years supercell hasn't really been a very considerate company, wether with the great executioner bugs or the night village in coc. 

Epic so far is listening to players and generally being a good company.
I'm confused, don't cats understand that they can move things with their hands? 
In the chest though?
I don't get it, what's wrong with colouring people however you want
Definite no for me then, I'm depressed enough as it is. 
Terms and agreements can't make an illegal thing legal. Neetu neutrality is still in force for the next week or so. Till then it's illegal, no matter what the terms and conditions are m
Nah, let's not lose our moral high ground. 
Well yeah, but it's not that focused upon by Samsung or Google. 
Isn't that illegal?
That's so cool. I really like his character. 
The specs are pretty good, and with eight software the face unlock will be quite good.
Hmd is made mostly of former Nokia employees, I'll imagine the companies are quite close
I'd prefer if iris scanner wasn't the only method, it doesn't work too well with glasses. Face unlock is preferable.
Yesss. I love this. Even his show was so good
They should make it optional, like allow people to play just bot matches for some relaxation
Marco using magic will be so great. He deserves some more power than he currently has, especially when all other main cast members are stronger than him
Yeah. The show always felt stable and focused. And to most people that's relaxing to watch. 


The new shows, from what I gather lack a good story. And when the show has no story it's not attracting a wide audience range.
Yeah, that's optional though
Nah,a live action cartoon would restrict what they are able to do with the story, and also require a big increase in budget.

Animation is great because it allows us to imagine the details, and there aren't many budget constraints on the story.
That too. So basically it depends upon Disney's plan. I'd love 3 more seasons, with the last one focusing upon then adapting to married life
I hope so. Many of us have gotten older and would like to revisit the past
Yeah, but that's if they are willing to add 2 seasons, of is only 1 then why not put everything in it.
Well yeah. If they are going to have 2  seasons more that would be good. Otherwise if it's only season I'd prefer to have the wedding within it. 
Yeah, that's what I thought. Start the season with the engagement, and end it with the wedding. 
That's gotta be pretty common right? Or atleast close enough to be unnoticeable
I have. I thought my subconsciously does that, since in Phineas and ferb save Christmas he said that it's Perry's fault for not stopping him,as if for him it's just a game.

Plus in the finale Vanessa says that doof isn't really evil, he just feels like he has to be evil for his backstories.
If should be set with them in their 20's. Perhaps start with a marriage planning based episode or something
And stuff ballots
Because you can afford it. Minimum wage in India is 160₹ a day, that's like 0.3$ an hour. 
Marco too
Sure, but atleast they aren't spammy
Wouldn't it be a bit small though
Eh, time to blackmail others into doing my bidding then. It's workable. 
Are you serious? It would trigger the NATO treaty and  NK would quite literally be razed to the ground.
And we should. 
I'd take it. Sure it would cost my the last of my reputation, but atleast o could save people and get world peace
Yeah, Google has so far been seen to not be careless with user data. Facebook doesn't care that much
Looking through his comments I agree
Doesn't doof place the buttons because he wants to be stopped though?
That's pretty good. Try to avoid breaking any copyright though. 
Try attaching a bit of celoptape and pulling it or something. If not then just go to a service centre
Not really. I'm on India and I agree
Oh. That's a relief, even reading about the destroying angels effects can give nightmares.
Thats a matter of perspective. Qualcomm compatible is great, but at the same time vooc is really fast
That's pretty fast, it would beat dash charge, the current fastest
Can agree from experience. 
Seriously, while I have a lot of sympathy for his situation, he had a stupid plan

On one hand there's the fact that he has 12 hour shifts, which are quite long. On the other hand there's his own child. 

Edit- it's a bad situation overall. He works and looks after the child for 16 hours, his wife for 20 hours. 
Wait, you mean he ate the destroying angel!? 

If that's the case he could literally die at any time. That's one of the most deadly fungi out there, they destroy your very DNA
No, it's an incredibly bad idea. 
Perhaps you are right, perhaps it's too hard to overcome our instincts even when they harm us, but I've managed to do it over the last few years, and I'm the most loser type person I know. And if I can, others surely can. 

It'll be worth it if even one person got a bit healthier and happier due to this post.

Frankly I don't value myself,I see myself as a weak and bad person, and I don't think I can change that. So for me it's worth the sacrifice. 

Sorry if this went a bit ranty, but I went into cartoons to escape the toxicity of life, but it's just as bad here as well. It's so depressing. 
No, sub pain,we burn, we break. Halp
Not necessarily, if starco happened it wouldn't affect viewership too much. People would still watch it just to relax. Just take the case of Kim possible. They managed to do it.
That's something which I see everywhere, and I wish to change that. People's sense of identity should not be attached to what they believe in but what they are. 

I want people to be happy, and not have to feel this panic. In thought shipping would be not toxic or unhealthy, but yesterday I realised that wasn't the case. 

I'm gonna decrease the frequency with I visit the sub, but if I can help anyone out in the process.
I hope so.
See my edit,I realised people got the wrong meaning from what I said and specified that.

I just wanted to say that shipping itself can get toxic, frustrating and rather painful at times for the person who is shipping. If someone can happily Ship it's great.

I meant to just remind those who got disappointed or frustrated over the recent episodes that this isn't a big deal and it's not real. Just try to relax, nothing is worth sacrificing mental health for.
It's just a request dude, to stop too much toxicity. It's not good for anyone to be toxic. 
Oh. I actually woke up after a nightmare involving shipping in the show, and after yesterday's ship war I thought I should write this. I didn't mean to annoy anyone.
Um what?
1, the Nexus 6p, and it bricked without even being rooted. Just shut down and stopped responding
Most likely yes
I know, but from what I gather he still lived in her hair as of stump day right?
I don't think she's the one, she with that hair guy
Yeah. It's actually a bit disappointing so far. There's no clear end game here and it's all so confusing right now. Kim possible had great focus on not adding too much drama, it was quite unique. And quite a popular style too.
That's why I said I've got nothing against other shippers, it's just an opinion I've from personal experience. 

One thing I think we can all hope for is that whatever the outcome,star Marco and Tom should be happy with it. I hope for the addition of another female member to the group whom one of the two end up liking, thus ending the love triangle. 
What if we just start putting all shipping stuff either NSFW or as spoilers. 
Yeah, like while technically he's in 40's he's actually still a kid, the whole time spent in hekapoos dimension was basically like living a dream life, it doesn't have an actual affect on age
Seriously,we need something. Atleast less uncertainty like these 2 episodes.
Yeah, but I really can't convey the vibe. It's just something you get.

That overall attitude is just too similar, even if it lacks a few features. 
I'm not that sure, he keeps showing smugness and doesn't seem to care about people too much. I'm not a fan of his character too much. Plus this episode the constant, am I better than Marco was annoying. 
I don't think Marco can be actually said to be in the 30s though. He's older chronologically, but physically, mentally and emotions he acts like a 15 year old. 
Well yeah, that could be seen from the very first episode of the series that they weren't all they close to their son. It's actually kinda sad
Yeah. Kim possible managed to avoid too many love triangles.

I prefer starco, but at this point I'd prefer if there was a clear answer as to which ship will happen.
Pls no more, give us a definite answer.
Yeah, in really hoping starco works out. It's not they I hate the Tom and star relationship, but it's dwarfed by the starco chemistry. Plus Tom reminds me of the bullies in school, so that too.

Edit- no hate towards tomstar shippers. It's just a bit hard to see someone who acts eeriely similar to people who bullied you. 
So not pressing that button. If not the monster vs mewman crisis, there would be some other crisis. 
But using it as a political tool doesn't seem right. And star and Marco have better chemistry
What is MHC?
That plot is something I don't think Disney would be too ok with, since getting married just to  unite the people and not because she wants to seems wrong
Yeah, that's true. He didn't seem to care about star on the same level Marco does. 
I sure hope so. Star and Marco just have such good chemistry. 
That was sad to see too. I just like everyone being happy,lol.