Easier said than done lol 

Some people live unhappy lives. 
I had to re-read the title. Thought he was the one who couldn’t walk lol 
Lmao 
Yeah it won’t be perfectly accurate as it’ll count hand movements as “steps” but it’ll still be a good indicator of movement and activity. 
Really sad for Hurst that he slid so far due to a heart condition that has been known about for so long. 

Raiders got a goddamn steal though, getting him in the 5th round. Should have been a 1st or 2nd rounder.  
Oh they’re worn on your wrist like a watch. 

Could be a fun bet. Loser gives winner X amount of massages. 

https://www.amazon.com/dp/B073SBY3VP/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_i_aNE5AbDHW3RT0
Isn’t it? 
So I wear an Apple Watch which tracks my activity, and I used to compare it to one of the BoH managers who worked on the line. On a single shift (4 hours), I’ll walk about 4 Miles. He’d walk about 1.5-2.  

I have no doubt that the BoH job is hard and demanding and you’re always over a hot stove. But I don’t think there’s any question of whose job is more physically demanding. 

You can get a cheap pedometer and compare steps over the course of a week or so. 
Yep. And then there’s hair and brows and makeup. 


I overheard some of my coworkers the other day talking about the money they spend on their nails. Dear lord I’m so glad that the only expenses I have for my fingernails is $5 for a nail clipper. 
Oh my god. There was a *very* drunk person up only a few rows away from us. I believe he was lost because he was in UMD gear. We were all worried he’d fall and get seriously hurt, especially when he was walking up and down the stairs. Someone eventually convinced him to lie down on the bleachers and called security to get him down and safe. 
I would be highly uncomfortable eating at a restaurant that recorded me eating. 

I understand security cameras but there’s a difference between one up in the corner that nobody is looking at unless there’s a theft vs one on the body of my server staring right at me. 


Michigan had 11 guys go to the draft last season, the most in college football. 

Some years it’s just a down year. We only had 4 or 5 guys leave this year, and that includes O’Korn. 

I think that a lot of it just has to do with chance. 
I went to the UMD-UM game last year and my tickets were in the nose bleeds. I think that there were legitimate at least as many Michigan fans in the stadium as Maryland fans. After the second half started we wandered around and found better seats, I believe in the 200 section at midfield. 
I fucking hate it. They don’t want to be confrontational and say “hey there’s a hair in my food and my soup tastes really bad” (and yes, the French onion soup is essentially brine) but they’re happy to throw you under the bus after the fact. 
If you live in a decent sized city or college town, see if there’s a recreational sports league! 

I started playing kickball in the fall and it’s been a lot of fun! Most people don’t know anyone else on the team and you’re thrust into a game where you’ve got to get along and communicate and it’s great! Don’t feel like you have to be a phenomenal athlete either. It can be very relaxed. Outfielders have been known to drink beer while playing 
Yep. Generally I can tell by the mood they’re in. If they’re all happy and polite, good tip. If they’re grumbly and ornery, bad tip. 

I can pretty reliably tell before I even approach a table but it mostly depends on their attitude if I’m right or wrong. 
You don’t need to give any notice. But it’s common courtesy to at least finish your currently scheduled period to not fuck over your coworkers. Let your managers know that it’ll be your last week there and that you’re leaving because the owner is verbally abusing you. 

Unless of course you can’t have this resolved 
That’s a horrible idea. I know that making schedules can be really tough, but there’s a middle ground between a free for all and assigning a strict permanent schedule. 

Make schedules 2 weeks at a time. 

Don’t guarantee that you’ll get off when you request off (especially for holidays). 

But so many servers have 2 or more jobs that having an unchanging schedule like that where you’re just assigned shifts is a terrible idea. Do everything you can to prevent this. 
If it come out of the body, I consider it a bio hazard. 

Any of those things I’d pass on to a manager/someone trained to clean up. Except for maybe a dirty diaper if it’s well wrapped. 
OSU has a true freshman arrive on campus today 

[JT Barrett V](https://i.imgur.com/KfqSgtj.jpg)
I’m actually a little surprised that Barrett didn’t get drafted at all. He’s not a traditional NFL QB but you’d think someone would take him in a late round 
I can’t imagine that Milton won’t be redshirted. We simply don’t need him this year with the 3 (hopefully) talented QBs we have. And he really needs the development 
So is Woodson gonna get another year of eligibility and put the pads on himself? Or can we just guarantee wins for teams we don’t play for?

I’m guaranteeing a win for Citadel over Alabama in the 2018 season! You’re welcome, Citadel! 
I was starting to worry that he just wouldn’t get drafted 
FINALLY
Heart condition.  While he is cleared to play, teams are concerned about the length of his playing career. No condition and he’d be a mid round 1 pick. I thought he’d slide to late round 2. But looks like he won’t go until the 5th or later? That sucks. 
For sure 

But first Butt last year and now Hurst this year, it’s just real sad for these players. 
I feel so bad for Hurst. He was the best player on our defense last year. Can’t believe he has slid this much 
NCAA: Patterson cannot play until shea butter lotion is taken off of shelves 
My girlfriend watches the show. This guy is the leader of a bunch of “geniuses”. His character is essentially r/iamverysmart incarnate. Hard for him to understand human emotion. Uses logic to the extreme. Always complaining about how hard it is for him to fit in with society. Always mentioning his IQ. He’s insufferable. He’s a “good guy” on the show but in the same sense that Ross is on Friends or Ted Mosby is on How I Met Your Mother. Definitely have flaws which make people not like them. 

There are probably 10-15 lines per show that would fit in on this sub. 

I hate it. 
From what I’ve been hearing, he’s been practicing with the 2nd team offense. I assume because you want someone you’re confident *can* play to practice with them. But now that he’s cleared to play, I’d imagine he’s going to start practicing with the 1st team offense. 
Its the off-season. Any news is news 
I see. It’s likely company policy that they truly don’t have any way of changing. It’s not their rule. I’d search for a new job 
Our QB situation is actually pretty stacked. I think the most exciting QB is actually Joe Milton. He needs a lot of work, but he’s got raw talent. He’ll improve faster than you’d think because he hasn’t had years of training by top QB coaches in high school. There’s a lot to improve on and it’ll come along quickly. 

But yeah I do agree with you about Brandon and Dylan. BP is gonna want to play. And he’ll be able to play *somewhere*. I wouldn’t be surprised if he transferred after this season if Shea sticks around. I’m assuming that Shea will get 100% of the playing time this season if he’s healthy. If he has a good season and still stays, I think Peters leaves. Dylan will probably stay because he’s only a freshman this year so not playing until you’re a junior isn’t uncommon. Plus he’d be the 2nd string guy. I just think he probably stays. 
It’s also just easier to win some battles by compromising rather than trying to win everything. Ideally you’re right, you should be able to bring a meal from home. But a good compromise is a cheap menu for employees, or a discount every day of the week. 
Mostly because it lets you work a bit with management. But also for logistical reasons. It needs to be stored somewhere. You need to know that it won’t be really stinky. You need to know that it hasn’t gone bad. 
I’d like to know this man’s thought process

“Man I really have to shit! But I can’t!... Oh I have an idea!” 
Idk. It’s really good but I don’t think there’s much replayability and it’s relatively short.  What’s a better experience for $15? I’d have to say Stardew. But if you have $30, they’re both worth buying. 
We only had a few players go to the draft this year. O’Korn is Korn. Probably won’t be drafted. Hurst has heart disease, so he slid from a projected mid first round pick. Cole is solid. Hill is the best Fullback in the draft, but the NFL isn’t really looking for fullbacks. 

So it’s not very surprising. 
Yeah :/ I think he had draft insurance though 
It was a pretty big nail in the coffin. Made the whole school look bad. 
Yep. It’s disgusting. 

I’ve heard them doing it with salt shakers too but we have salt shakers that grind up larger chunks so it’s not as kid tongue accessible as others. 
Probably not the grossest thing but why do kids lick the ketchup bottles? And parents, why do you let them? Fucking disgusting. And there’s no guarantee that I’ll see you doing it either and throw that bottle away before the next table sits down. One time a guest at another table told me about a kid who did this and I had no idea. Thankfully they told me just after the kid’s family left so I was able to change the bottle but fuck! Stop licking the ketchup! 
This is something worth bringing up to your management. Let them know the issue. Agree upon no outside food, but there needs to be a way for you to get a meal during your shift that doesn’t cost you much money. 

Many places have employee menus just for this case. The first place I worked had an employee menu that was pretty reasonably priced. The place I work now just let’s you get anything 50% off whenever you want. 

How do your coworkers deal with this? Do they all have the same issues? It’s definitely worth bringing up because nobody should be expected to go 10-12 hours with no break *and* be asked to pay full menu price at a high end restaurant if they want food. 
Yeah. That whole situation got Michigan fans really worked up. The kid received an *obvious* concussion while already playing on a hurt ankle. Continues to play for a few snaps until he’s finally taken out. Gardner plays for a few snaps and then loses his helmet. Then Morris goes back in! I think this whole ordeal led to more strict concussion protocol and sideline checks, which I guess is good but come on! Hoke had no regard for player safety in that instance. Completely unprofessional. Even the announcers were saying “alright enough is enough take the kid out!” 

Gets me tilted thinking about it
Don’t think it would have been mixed up with Gardner’s, because Gardner was just in the last play. It’s possible that he didn’t expect to go in and couldn’t find his helmet quickly, but he did find it before the play started. 

There’s really no excuse for putting Morris back in that play though. Call a timeout if you have to. 
No chicken dinner? 
It’s the flop 
What happens if you both die in a grenade?
Hylian apples are known for their density. 

Also Link is seemingly the smallest person in the world. 
This is no ordinary doggo

This is a *dire boye*
Maybe it’s because you sing Christmas carols no matter the time of year 
The only game that was never within reach was Penn State. I don’t think any QB would have turned that game around except for maybe the ghost of Denard Robinson. 

Vs MSU: got killed by turnovers 

Vs Wisconsin: turned it over (INT) in the red zone 

Vs OSU: I don’t want to talk about that INT

Vs SCAR: please don’t make me remember this 


I’ll take it 
Oh no
I’ll be there! 
Transfers should already have immediate eligibility 
It is most years, but I think this year will be fantastic. And potentially a game with lots of lost season implications. 

Fuck it. I’m ready. I’ll be in my freezer until the season opener. 
Compared to O’Korn, he’s Tom Brady. 
Yeah I think we’re mostly in agreement 
Compared to when he was about to lose his leg? Much better! There’s a segment on all or nothing showing his progress. Last I heard we’re awaiting approval for him to participate in practice. He’s currently acting as a player-coach for the O-line while continuing his rehab, but coaches are happy with his progress and hopeful that he’ll be back by the fall. 

If he’s healthy, the starting job is *probably* his.
Yeah. That was the most dominating 14-7 win I’ve ever seen and i mean that genuinely. 
Notre Dame 2018 won’t be Notre Dame 2017. They should be better than Florida, but Florida was a wet noodle. 

Our rest of OOC matchups are pretty much equal in difficulty. 

Purdue, snd Minnesota, average out to be Nebraska and Northwestern. And we play Wisconsin at home instead of away. 

The truth is that we *always* have a hard schedule. This isn’t news. I don’t think it’s substantially harder than last year. We’re getting older and losing only a few players. Most other teams we play are losing players at key positions. OSU, and PSU for example will likely take a step back. MSU and Wisconsin will be about the same though. 
Condoms still there https://i.imgur.com/5pIDx25.jpg
Bellomy was so bad that Brady Hoke put a concussed, limpy Shane Morris back in the game when Gardner lost his helmet because he didn’t want Bellomy in for just 1 handoff. 
Any chance or Winovich sticking around for another season? Maybe with an NCAA waiver? 
Shea definitely wants this to be a 1 and done deal with Michigan. And I’m absolutely fine with that. If he has the type of season where he thinks he’s in a good position to be drafted, that means we probably had a good season. 
>	we knew too much of ye 

FTFY 
I’m expecting somewhere between Tate Forcier and Johnny Manziel. I don’t think anyone will ever have the play making ability of Manziel ever again, but from what I’ve seen of Shea, he’s like, 70% of that. 
Oh I definitely agree, but our schedule is largely the same as last season. 
Can we talk about that hair for a second? 
Right and I don’t mean to downplay the significance of winning those tournaments. It’s the highest achievement you can obtain. But there’s certainly luck in it. 

Take this year’s NCAA tournament for example. Michigan made it to the championship game this was a team that got blown out by Nebraska by 20 points during the regular season. The highest seed they played until the championship game was 5 and they had one of the easiest paths to the championship game of any team ever. Were they the second best team last year in college basketball? Hell no. Take my other flair, Virginia for example. Lost in the first round in a shocker against UMBC. They were the overall favorite coming in to the tournament but lost in the first round. Were they the 64th best team last year? No. They were definitely in the top 4 but didn’t come anywhere close to the final four. 

Comparing March madness to the CFP is a bit weird because they’re so different, but the fundamental reason for why the tournaments are not deciders of the best team are still true. Oklahoma and Alabama didn’t play. Clemson and Georgia didn’t play. 
https://i.imgur.com/OhkFvDs.jpg

Sorry Peters. Gotta make room for my new boy 
We played 3 QBs last season with an incredibly young team (maybe even the youngest?). It’s hard to believe that we won’t improve on that, assuming we remain healthy. 
Planted that flag right into our hearts. 
The game? 

We almost beat them with a corn of cob. 

Imagine what an actual QB can do! 
Sure, for the CFP you do. Unless you’re Alabama who didn’t win their conference. And I’m talking about all playoffs, not just the CFP. None of them (except maybe the World Cup) are designed in a way to make sure that the best team wins. That is not the goal of most tournaments. 
Eh. Only when we played Loyola. Then they cheered for us again. And even when we played Loyola we were more liked than we are on a normal Tuesday around here. 
I wholeheartedly disagree. You win the title, you are the champion. That doesn’t make you the best team. It makes you the best team who beat all your opponents over the span of the tourney 
https://i.imgur.com/ZRbwB8m.jpg
Ole Miss-led 
/r/CollegeBasketball is so much kinder to us lol 
Look, they had no deadline other than game 1. Consider this handing your paper in 3 weeks early even though it took you a month and a half to write 
It’s a good sign for sure. But they’re all being handled separately so no, it doesn’t automatically extend to those other players. 
Inb4 we’re not 
The place I work at now is nothing special. I’m making enough to get by on but I know I could be doing better at different restaurants. But the managers here are really fantastic. I don’t think I’d get this lucky at most other places, so I’m sticking it out because it’s so important to me to have good managers. The biggest deal breaker to me is bad management. 
What are you even talking about? 

I’m saying that the winner of the national championship is not necessarily the best team in the sport, because playoffs are not a perfect way to determine the best team. 

I don’t know what you’re talking about but it’s very different from the point I’m making. 
I’m not using semantics. My original point is that the purpose of playoffs/tournaments is not to find the best team. It’s to crown a champion. There’s an important distinction between those two things. 

Just because traditional power houses tend to win doesn’t change any point I’m making. 
Yes, this is true too. 

But i do think conference championships are *generally* better because of the cross divisional games. 
You can make the argument that March Maddness is usually won by *one of the best* teams in the country, but it can't determine the absolute best because not every team plays every other team. It operates on the idea that if you beat a team, you're better than the teams that they beat, which isn't always true.  
There's nothing that you can do to make me spit in your food and then serve it to you, because I'm not a disgusting asshole. 
Checkmate, Bama 

-UCF

But in all seriousness, championships are never intended to determine the best team in the country. Even the NCAA basketball tournament doesn't do that. Tournaments rely on the idea that if you beat a team, and then get beaten by another team, the team who beats you would have beaten the other team, which isn't necessarily true. Transitive wins aren't real. 
There's probably groups like that all over the place in Paris. Dime a dozen
oh fuck I forgot that there were two Chubbs
If you’re talking about playtime, it’s one of the best value games I’ve ever bought. 
“I swear this never happens!” 

Fucking gold 
https://i.imgur.com/tR0H1Z8.jpg
I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again. 

Put water in the basketballs 
What letters of unown are those? 
Chubb is gone, isn’t he?
Good words are happening though, instead of bad words 
Well, I hope you’re wrong! 
What about lazer tag?
That would certainly help 
*sigh* 

Reset the counter. 

It has been 

~~1~~ **0 Days**

Since UCF was brought up by an Alabama fan 
Yeah, come on. Let’s be happy for good things that are happening. 
Oh okay. Do you think an audit could spur a money laundering investigation? Or would those happen for other reasons? 
So an audit would kill them 
When shit hit the fan, Meyer leaned on JT to make plays and he did more often than not. You can’t lean on Haskins like that IMO. But we’ll see 
It’s available on YouTube, just not through Reddit. 
Right? I think they’re both genuinely excited about this! Which is great! 
Because it would be part of the public school curriculum. 
Not PR’s political gains, Democrats’ political gains. Dems shouldn’t look at this and go “oh sweet! Another blue state!” Because this is about Puerto Rican’s, not a slight advantage in the electoral college every 4 years. 
Oh man. The worst is when everyone in a party is paying separate checks. 

If it’s a large party, I’ll ask them when their food is out if they’re planning on having dessert. If not, I’ll drop their checks off before they’ve even asked. Helps for when they want to leave if I’ve been able to check out a handful of them already. 
Yeah but he’s got that heart disease issue. Not sure how long he’ll be able to play in the league. I agree he’ll be a beast wherever he goes, but it’s an understandable risk to draft him in the first round. 
My question is that if the IRS audits the business (car wash, for example), would they notice a discrepancy between the income they’re reporting and the amount of cleaning supplies they buy and use? Let’s say she’s reporting that they’re 4 times busier than they actually are they’re not dumping soap and wax and whatever else into the trash and buying more. Would the IRS see that and go “there’s no way you are servicing the amount of cars you claim to be servicing while using this amount of product” or would that be very hard to prove? 

Basically, if the IRS audits them, are they fucked? 
I thought it was very good! 
Keeping your head up allows you to see the guy you’re hitting and forces you to wrap instead of torpedo. 
I picked up football in high school as well. Broke my arm in my sophomore year. Came back my junior year but quit for my senior year. I played baseball all my life and I wanted to be able to play my senior season without injury. I kept watching as every week a player would go down (usually in practice) with a severe injury. 
It’s still on YouTube. You just can’t watch it on Reddit. 
/u/CaptainWobbles said, "that must be annoying, listening to someone translate a language you know." 

Just in case anyone wanted that translated to English. 
I wish we'd have a translator to just condense what he says into an actual English sentence instead of a run-on that never actually ends. 
You should have named him Thyme, so that when your friends asked "why did you name him Thyme?" you can answer, "because there's a wrinkle in Thyme" 
One of the recommended videos after this one was "NFL career ending injuries." I watched it out of morbid curiosity. You'd be surprised by how many were caused by this exact type of hit. Lower the head, drive forward with the crown, make first contact with the top of your head. There were of course some really nasty leg injuries, but a handful were eerily similar to this exact play. 

This is why rules like Targeting (not sure what the NFL equivalent is) are so important. You need to get this point across to these kids that you cannot lunge forward with the crown of your head. It's for your safety and the safety of the ball carrier. 
IDK. The QBs were all very good this draft. Any of the top 4 were great choices. 

I agree with you that with your #1 pick, you want your guy to be the one you want without a shadow of a doubt, and for the Browns I guess that was Baker. I'm gonna wait and see how that plays out because I would have pegged him as the #3 QB this draft, but I'm a moron.

You have 2 of the top 4 picks of the draft, and you have 4 really strong QBs (maybe 3 if you don't count Josh Allen, but I think you should). Personally I think that Barkley + any of those QBs is better than one specific QB + Ward, but that's just me. I could see the point being made for either strategy. If the Browns are dead confident that Baker is their guy, I understand grabbing him. But if they need *a* QB and any of the top 4 will do, I think you take Barkley, knowing that the Giants will probably take a QB and so will the Jets, but even then you have a decent chance of still being able to pick of Baker in the 4th, because the QB class was so strong. 

IDK. I feel like in a strong QB class, when you have a guaranteed great QB for your second pick, you should spend your pick on the other best player in the draft who isn't a QB. 

And while we're at it, *Ward*? Really? He's good, but top 5 in the draft? He's probably not top 5 on defense in my book at least. Why would you pass on Chubb? 

So many questions. Hope it works out how they had planned.
Since nobody linked it, [here's the injury play.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIKBpQ7q_E4)


I don't understand. 

So it's her from 14 years ago?
Oh my god 

Someone admitted to being in a bad mood and apologized for being rude?! Truly a momentous occasion
So it's a deal! 1 month of humiliation to the loser! A lifetime of glory to the winner!
yes! they sometimes get posted back by the line, but there's only space for a few comments on a single sheet of paper because they're all squished over to one side. In this instance, I knew that the woman had a lot to say, so I asked to see the comment the next day when they become available. A manager can pull them up on the office computer. I usually don't care enough to look at them but this was one of the times where I was just really surprised that they left such a long comment after a relatively short and uneventful meal by herself. Like, it was a slow lunch shift. I had maybe one or two other tables while she was eating. I gave her what I would consider to be my best service. I didn't intrude on her meal every 10 seconds but I made sure she had everything she needed. Everything came out in a very timely manner. I was just really shocked by her view of the events. I just don't understand. 


Him and Gisecki are my two "hell yes that's a fucking steal" picks for round 2. 
My place doesn't print the guidelines on the receipt, but if you pay on the tablet at the table, it will start the tip at 20% and you will have to move it up or down if you want to change the tip. A lot of time people just hit "okay" on the 20%, but sometimes I think people get a power trip out of swiping that slider all the way to 0. 
Our restaurant uses those little table tablet things that let you take a survey at the end. Sometimes I'll see someone filling out the write-in "comment" part and I'll walk by them 4 or 5 times before they've finished writing their dissertation on how awful their entire experience was. 

I remember one from last week were one lady came in and ate by herself (we're connected to a mall so this isn't uncommon). I took her drink order, then took her food order, brought her food out when it was done, asked her how it was after a few minutes, and after a while of eating she ordered a dessert on the table tablet (again, not uncommon). Every time I walked by her she looked at me and I did a visual check on her. Drink still had drink in it. Still had some food and fries on the plate (we offer fry refills so it's something we have to offer if a customer is finished with their fries). Brought her dessert out and when she was finished she paid on the tablet.

This woman sat there for 10 solid minutes taking that survey and writing about how terrible the service was and how I never checked in on her and other things that were simply patently false. I know when I fuck up a table. It happens. I can tell when guests are unhappy. But I didn't fuck up with her. When this happens, and I do what I do for essentially every table and everyone else is happy, I take note of that and think "wow, I wonder what she has to say, because I really thought I did a good job with her!"  


I'll take that bet. What's your wager? 

!remindme January 1st 2019
"Water, lots of lemon, and some sugar please" 

And to OP, a lot of places operate in a way that *anyone* who is back at the line when an order is ready will take it out to the table. The goal is fast ticket time, not "oh, let's wait around for Janice to get back so she can get this chicken to her table" 

So not seeing your server until after you get your food isn't unusual. Not refilling your drinks is unfortunate, but if the restaurant was busy, she probably was too and labelled you two as "low maintenance" because you ordered a single meal to split between the two of you, and ordered tea instead of bar drinks. 

She should have been over to get you refills, but yeah, she's going to pay attention to the tables that are spending more money in the restaurant and also on her. What did you check end up being? $20 for two for dinner? On a busy shift I'd definitely put you guys on my backburner as well. 

Like OP is saying, this company is apparently super reliable and professional. You *do* pay more for that. 
Time well spent.
How long did it take you to make this? 
Yeah, it'll happen eventually. This is just low hanging fruit for rumor people
I've been playing a lot of pubg mobile. Yes, gyro is hugely important and useful. 
lol they won't
A single male bee dying when it stings something is literally meaningless to a hive. That's their job. Every baby bee comes from the queen and the males are hand selected to mate with her, so really it's meaningless if a single bee dies. Their only job is to support the queen. 
lol I saw that. That was my favorite scene in the whole show 

Dude didn't even know who he was talking to!
That's great! He's such a monster. 
Hey, this is a little off topic but has anyone heard positive news about Mo Hurst? I heard he was diagnosed with some sort of heart disease but is he allowed to play in the NFL? I haven't really kept up on that story. Thought he'd go in the first round before that news but it's understandable for teams to sit on him if he's an unknown. 
Would you *shut up?*
Gotta be happy for him!
Yep. Never going to see a movie that I care about anywhere else. Especially one that is a highly anticipated movie. 

They’re no joke and I love it. 
Would be a good get. 
I had it backwards anyway lol 

Thought the saints were trading *away* their pick. Not trading for it. Very surprised
I gotta get me one of them premium babies 
Wut 
Only 1 player left worth making that trade for
Nice. 
Well, looks like they’re trading their pick so I’d guess that isn’t the case 
No that was Darnold
I don’t think the Saints really need a QB or RB. Unless Brees is retiring. 
I tip out 1% to my bartender. It’s really an afterthought for me 
Selling insurance is how he gets the finishing touches on his dad bod
Well at least he’s not going anywhere known for their hurricanes that might bring up traumatic memories for him 
Ye
The Louisville Cardinals mascot is a bird that has teeth 
If the Cardinals take Jackson it would actually be a step backwards for him because the AZ cardinals don’t have teeth 
These ND OTs are grown-ass men! 
ND is generally considered P5 in this sense, aren’t they?
That’s his side gig. You can see him on thursdays and Sundays at the Golden Nugget
Oh I’m definitely not. I just don’t know how the ncaa is looking at the situation 
“Well I’m going to Buffalo so it’s really a perfect fit. Lots of white people in upstate NY!” 
Inb4 Lamar Jackson is drafted as the 5th QB
*Really* surprised they didn’t pick Rosen. Allen has a tank cannon for an arm but he looks *really* raw. Don’t think he’ll be ready for next year. I think Rosen is more ready to play right now. But oh well, hope it works! 
Oh on my TV he was very loud and clear 
Right? He was my #1 overall pick. Now he’s looking to be the #3 QB
Yeah that was surprising to me too. Ward is really good, but come on. Chubb *is* the best defensive player in this draft. 
Definitely won’t be full priced. I’m guessing $30 but don’t know for sure. It was a $40 Wii U game. 
“Get some dogs up on stage for the next pick! Nobody boos dogs!”
Really? I thought he annunciated perfectly  
“Non traditional NFL QB with questionable off the field issues who both won Heismans? No these guys are completely different! It’ll work out this time!” 
Okay thanks for the clarification. 

You can decline the offer, but doing so makes you ineligible for other teams to draft you. So what tends to happen is the teams that originally draft them will trade them to other teams, correct? 
I sort of feel bad for the buckeyes? 
This is how I felt about Jabrill Peppers. 

They have him playing 25 yards off the line at safety. Nooooooooo! Put him at the slot! You fools! 
Right no I understand that, but is that just the chargers pussing out and caving to his request? Or did they have to do that trade? 
Honestly, it’s Sam’s greatest quality. 
Might as well. Take Rosen 
Question: can players decline to play for a team when they are drafted? Or when you enter the draft are you agreeing to playing for the team that drafts you? 
Planted that flag right into their hearts 
0/10 not the crotch grab 
Granted we are in a slow season right now, but my price per customer target is $13, but it’s usually closer to $12. And yes, tips are generally based on sales, but I’m fine if I get a $5 tip on a $45 bill
Tell me more tell me more

Will he put up a fight? 
Lamar is a playmaker. Louisville took advantage of that and let him make plays. 

He basically was Louisville’s offense this year and last year. 
They matter if you depend on percentages. I work in a high volume place. I make $500 in sales per shift on an average day. So $300 on one table is unheard of, even for a large party. 

So yeah, *I* don’t care about percentage. 
Georgia is included in this. They are not the same team that they were 2 years ago. 
That too 
Yeah agreed. From what I understand, Ole Miss mislead at least Shea Patterson, and other players are claiming that they misled them too. Now the NCAA seems to agree that Shea was misled, based on the evidence (text messages, emails, etc) that they turned over to them, but I don't know if the other players were misled in similar ways. If they were, I'd imagine they'd get the clear to play. If not, who knows. 
Nebraska doesn't scare me, but yeah I agree. 

I wouldn't sleep on Maryland either. They picked up Matt Canada this year for OC and they should be healthy. We have them for homecoming. 

Our home games are tough, and our away games are tougher. We'll be lucky to win 9 games IMO. 
>well in reach

This isn't true for any program except for 4. Alabama, Georgia, OSU, Clemson. 

It's a possibility. Like, "hey, maybe if we win all our games, we will make the playoffs." but it's not at all well within reach. 
I mean, it really should apply to everyone in that class who went to Ole Miss, but what if they weren't misled about the sanctions? What if they only lied to Shea? I agree that they should all get to play immediately, but I can see why they might not. 
Oh fuck I meant MSU 
PETERS OUT

...wait no

PETERS IN
Sure, I'll allow it
https://imgur.com/a/Mz6B4aw

This right here made him worthy of Harmon's number IMO
Ruddock, Gardner? 


And weirdly Notre Dame too
Rich Rod could have done something good with Denard but Hoke's offense just didn't utilize him properly. 
Yeah no kidding. 

We could be a good top 20 team, play well in all our games, and go 9-3 *easily*. OSU away, PSU away, ND away? I mean come on. 

The good news is that I think we'll be taking a step forward at every position, while teams like OSU, and PSU will be taking a step backward at key positions. So there's definitely hope, but yeah, our schedule is brutal. 

I was going to say. The other kids are wearing maize and blue with winged helmets. 
Think about it this way. 

Tip for the cost of the food that you ordered, not for the amount that you paid at the end of your meal. 

Most people don't think about the discount they received and just do a quick calculation in their head on the number above the line, so most people tip on the discounted price. 

It's not a *huge* deal, but in this instance it's a $2 difference between tipping on $45 vs $35. $2 here or there isn't a big deal but yeah, tip on the full amount. 
Percent really doesn’t matter to me that much. $1 is $1. Anything over $10 I’m pretty happy about. Anything less than $5 isn’t super exciting to me. 
Yes, with two blue joycons
Right? Clearly he's got a collection of relatively obscure things, but that's cool! 
Yeah, I'd honestly never go eat where I work. I take home a meal most nights I work because it's cheap and I'm tired. 
I didn't realize how depressed I was until I graduated. Comparing how I feel now to how I felt then it's night and day. 
I think it’s a pretty easy choice 
Why? Lol

Who do we have to alienate? Who gets offended by kneeling during the anthem to protest the racism inherent in the judicial/police system? 

Nobody has to be offended by that unless they like the system how it is. 
If you want to see an unholy display of pure unadulterated man-handling, watch [Clowney's high school highlight footage.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTkmiBdoBDc)


a lot of lobster mac and cheese is a trick to sprinkle in a tiny bit of lobster 
Yes! Tell me what you want/ what about me annoys you. 
Oh, yeah. 

"the people" by and large suck. 

I think it comes down to people who are raised well and people who weren't raised well. You can be poor and uneducated but if your mom/dad taught you from a young age to show respect to everyone you meet, you're gonna turn out to be a good person. You can come from a wealthy family and be well educated but a complete scumbag. Obviously the reverses are true as well. 


Has anyone considered the possibility that our president is just the iPhone suggested next word in a text message? Start a sentence and just see where it goes. It's why he has loops in his speech. "I went to russia for a day or so a day or two" 

Read this gem of a sentence right here: 

> So I said - and, you know the funny thing, he does these memos, and then fake news CNN whose a total fake, you know they give Hillary Clinton the questions to the debate. Nobody - can you imagine, by the way, if... you gave me... the questions... to a debate. 

First he starts with "So I said" and then never finishes that though. Then he says "he does these memos, and then fake news CNN..." and then never finishes his thought on what CNN does with the memos, but just jumps into a rant about how CNN is fake news and Hillary is crooked[.](https://imgur.com/r/TelevisionQuotes/yWTuj8f)


Yeah, people with "fuck you" money.

Or in this case, people with "what's the name of this place?" money. 
Yeah, that was the only time for me. 
No, not necessarily. The animal is already dead. The rule isn't "try to be vegetarian when you can, but don't sweat it if you have to eat meat" It's "you can eat whatever you're offered so long as the animal isn't slaughtered for your meal." 
Not yet. I mostly have nightmares where I’m failing my classes and getting emails from deans and I’ve slept through my exam and my parents don’t know that I’m going to fail out and they’ve already made travel plans for graduation
Some people are just disgusting 
Wait there's gonna be a 3DS version?? that's insane. Didn't know that. 

And I suspect the game will be the same as the Wii U in handheld on the Switch, and it will use the gyro controls of the pro controller or joycons in docked mode, so I would expect a very good experience from it. Unless there's something I'm forgetting which would make it not great. 
They will eat whatever they are offered, unless the animal would be slaughtered specifically for them in which case they will not accept it. 


The number 1 thing you want from customers is repeat business. You might not be in an area where you can afford to get new customers very often. So you find yourself bending over backwards for people so they don’t get upset with you. 
Wow. You got two bots to reply to you for just one word! 

Impressive. 
I bought it on both and I felt bad at first but it was worth it! 
It’s a really fun puzzle game! It’s cute, it’s unique, and if you try to do all the challenges (complete the stage without doing X) it can be really challenging! 

I bought it on Wii U when it was on sale and I wasn’t really expecting that much, but it’s a great game. 
It is still impressive, especially considering that the Wii U had a MK8 bundle for pretty much the duration of the game’s lifespan, and the Switch doesn’t. So all these sales are individual sales of people who specifically want this game, not people saying “oooh I get Mario Kart with this too?? (And Wind Waker sometimes)” 
Don’t sleep on captain toad! 
Why are people so unwilling to give the sitting president any credit for for this? You really think he didn’t do anything from the time he took over til now, and none of the success of the Switch lies with him? 

Of course Iwata was responsible for the project that is the Switch, but we all know how important things like marketing are, and if I’m not mistaken, all of the marketing took place under Kimishima. 

He did as good a job as you could ask for, honestly. 
That was his last dying wish. It would be poor form to un-thicc the asses now. 
An ass man through and through. May he Rest In Peace 
What’s more impressive is that there is no Switch Mario Kart bundle. All of these are individual sales. Many people bought a Wii U with MK8 included. Those count as sales for MK8. 
What about existential? 
Am I the only person who has never experienced a bad "big tipper"? 

The only time someone has mentioned their tip to me is when they left me a $40 tip on a $70 tab. They used one of those table tablet things and just told me in passing "just so you know, we left you a really good tip!" And it was :) 
Sure that could work too
Because if it's a service charge, it negates the point of tips entirely. Just raise the menu prices and pay us hourly. Restaurants don't want to do that because they'll have to pay more for employee taxes. 

I understand it's a risk. I'm not disagreeing with you. 
It’s not the 2 party system that’s to blame (not entirely). It’s the electoral college. If you live in a state thats *very* blue or *very* red (California or Alabama for example), what good does your vote do? If you’re a Republican in California, why even vote for president? Seriously. Why? 

If your vote mattered regardless of where you lived, that would be a huge improvement. Then you would feel like your vote *actually* mattered as a Republican in California or NY or a Democrat in Middle America/the Deep South. 1 vote would equal 1 vote. 

In a winner take all electoral college system, if your candidate doesn’t win your state, your vote doesn’t count. 
Including it as part of the bill means it’s a “service charge” and goes to employees on  their paychecks, not when they get cashed out at the end of the night. This means that restaurants end up having to pay taxes on that tip, which they usually don’t have to do. 

This is why you won’t see notices on menus that say “automatic gratuity will be charged for parties of 8 or more” very often anymore, because this changed a few years ago and restaurants don’t want to deal with that. 

You *can* pre-print an included tip, but it’s easy to say “I’m not paying for that” and have the manager remove it. If it’s a service charge, you have to pay for it and it goes on the server’s paycheck. If it’s an automatic tip, you don’t have to pay it but if you do, it acts like any other tip. 
Oh wow. You *really* hate him 
lol I work at a place that serves a lot of burgers, so sometimes I’ll get in the zone of “and how would you like that cooked?” and ask a customer who just ordered a chicken sandwich how they want it cooked. It’s funny when I don’t realize it until they say “uhhhhh... all the way cooked” with a confused look. And I’ll go “oh right, that’s chicken! We will *definitely* cook it all the way.” 
I happen to agree with your line of thinking on percentages, but I also think that people who don’t tip suck, and not getting barely any tip on an$335 tab that went on long after closing time for a table spanning multiple hours is pretty shitty.

If you tip a flat $15/hour you’ve been there, I think that’s actually more than generous. I suspect that you end up tipping more than 20% most places you go, unless it’s a pretty nice place. 

So yes, not getting tipped is part of the job. Doesn’t make it suck any less. 
It was confusing but if the last person *did* leave a $70 tip, it *would have been* all good. But they left $0. 
I have come to believe that the meaning of life is to pet as many dogs as possible 
It was just a big happy accident 
Yes, this is why. They don’t buy their own food, for the most part. Buddhist monks eat what they’re given. If they’re given meat, they will eat it. 

It’s literally “beggars can’t be choosers” 
I tried but none grew in time 
Everywhere that allows internet sales?
They’d just release the game but no boxes. They wouldn’t remake the game to reward you with the loot box items some other way. They’d just not let you have them at all. 
Oh great! I’m on the Switch so that rules out mods. I’ll check out that guy 
*”No fun allowed in /r/games!*” 
Arin has been in a really farty mood for the past 5 years 
Do you ID people when you get their credit cards? Because couldn’t they just be using a stolen one? 

And fine, if you have to ID them for a manual input that’s fine. It might be policy where I work too. I’ve never actually had to do it. I just know that it’s possible. 
How is it a risk? People pay like this online all the time. Card number, expiration date, and security code are as good as having the card there in person.  
Why? There are 3 things they need to have before being able to process a payment. 

1: an actual card number 

2: the expiration month/year 

3: the security number

If you can provide me with those 3 things, that’s as good as having the card there in person. 
Can someone ELI5 what this is for?
It has been

**0** days

since UCF has been brought up by an Alabama fan 
They are rounding up. They’re just rounding on their end, not yours. 
I always say that everyone should work in the food industry even for just a short while 
Lol maybe ask before you eat if you have Apple Pay? 

But couldn’t the friend have just texted her the credit card number for you to put in manually? I know my POS allows us to type in a number with manager permission if the card became demagnetized or something. 
That’s exactly what was overheard, not said to reporters. 
Multiple accounts on one phone? The only use for that is to bump your own Pokémon out and get paid. 

And I think raid bosses drove a lot of people to spoofing, because it just wasn’t possible in their small towns. 
I mean, just ignore them? It’s not like they’re pushing other valuable content off the front page. 
“Perfectly” in this instance probably means that he believes he made it exactly as he was trained to make it. 
I just walked by the store. It’s called Tee Zone
Everyone is a Heisman in practice. You’ll never hear anyone say “he’s really not stepping up like we had hoped” 
Go to the front page and tell me how many posts are from within the past 8 hours, and how many points a post needs to get on the front page. 

There’s not a ton of meaningful content here. So yeah, front page.  
Ugh. It’s even worse if it’s the owner’s kid. 

There was a big group coming in for a paint class (fucking weird that they do this on a weeknight at a restaurant but whatever) of about 10 girls al under the age of 10. When the parents were getting their things together and chatting before leaving, the kids were running around the restaurant and almost wandered out to the patio door. These kids and the parents were a menace to everyone else in the restaurant so I really didn’t care about offending them and just walked up to them and said “NOPE! You’re not allowed over here without your parents. Please go back and stand by them.” And herded them towards their parents. 
Because download size is an important factor for people deciding if they want to buy digital or physical, especially if they’re planning on pre-ordering. 
Nah. You’re misunderstanding the situation. Dogs go poop on other people’s yard. Parents ask owners to please not let it do that. Pooping continues. Kids,independent of the parents, decide to return the poop to its rightful owners. 

The only thing that would be wrong here is if there was property damage done by the flung shit. But that wasn’t mentioned. 
From my understanding, there’s just scar tissue in the eye socket now. It’s not like a hole into her head. 

And yes, they’re largely for aesthetics. 
Jesus Christ that’s fucking brutal. 

I took a line drive baseball to my eyebrow when I was maybe 15. Sun was setting behind home plate and I just couldn’t see it coming. I’ve never considered that I was maybe an inch or two away from losing my eye. 

It’s crazy when your doctor says “yeah, it’s good that you lost your eye because if it hit you in the back of the head it would have been worse” 

Was this during a practice or game? What was the situation where you were walking off the field and a ball was moving that fast? 
He’s got heartworms but at least he isn’t a *retard!* 
I’m a tall guy, but not super tall (6’). I went to Cedar Park once and there’s a “stand up roller coaster” there with seats essentially like this. I like roller coasters, but this is the only roller coaster I won’t ever do again. My god. The seats are so fucking uncomfortable unless you’re the exact perfect size (probably 5’8”). I got off that roller coaster and was essentially ruined for the rest of my day with aches all down my back from having to hunch over and squat. 

A good way to get me to never use your airline is to implement these seats. 
Just imagine what it’ll be like with Patterson. Skip snap snip snap snip snap 
Evidently every month 
These big parties generally go well when the *guests* are in the right mind to be happy. I’m sure you could have found problems if you tried but you weren’t trying, because you’re a normal person just having a good time with your family. 

So thank *you* because it takes two to make a thing go right 
Yeah, this. I think they’ll contend for a B1G title a few times in the next decade, and maybe they’ll *look* better this season, but they need to chill out. They’re just setting themselves up for disappointment. He’s a great coach. Give him a few years and maybe he’ll do something. 
Right? If my mom was there, the fire department would have been called and on their way before the kid got spat out. 

I’m guessing they didn’t realize what had happened until it was over. The muddy bois were pretty frantic when it happened. 
Specifically in Detroit though!
I think this is just the way that sounds best to say. "First born of Odin" sounds weird. 

And technically, isn't he the *only* child of Odin, until we learn of Hela? Because Loki is a frost giant. 
This goes against everything the right cares about

white gunman: can't blame it on muslims, forced to consider gun laws

AR-15: the exact type of rifle that gets people worried. It's a semi-automatic rifle. Not even fully automatic. 

Unarmed hero: where's the "good man with a gun"? I thought we needed guns to stop other people with guns. 

Black hero: uh oh, can't use thinly veiled racism

What is he going to say that won't be directly against his party's message? 
I'd rather not say, just for my own privacy. 
Not IV calculators but I do think it's damn funny that there are people walking around with 3 phones/accounts pretending to be on some sort of moral high ground above spoofers. Like, dude, that breaks the ToS too, and is cheating. 
They probably don't know. You're not speaking to someone who made the decision to send out the ban wave. You're speaking to someone who answers questions about the game. They're a glorified FAQ. 

They won't be able to tell you much more than "your account is locked" which you already know.
Nothing you did was wrong except for not walking out on the shift right then and there. 
>I do a quick little prayer before I jog out front and see what looks like an older lady breathing fire at sandwich guy who is also breathing very hot fire back at her like two dragons breathing fire.

poetry 

edit: upon completing the post, this was beautifully crafted. [A+](https://giphy.com/gifs/a-christmas-story-ipweLwfKEsaKk)
Kids running around the restaurant. I'm 6' tall. If I don't see your 5 year old kid, I could crush them. If I try to avoid them and hurt myself, I'm out work for and indefinite amount of time, paying my own medical bills. So I'd *really* appreciate it if you could keep your kids in their fucking seats while you're eating. 
Right, except for damage per shot, which is important. It has longer range, bullets have less drop. I prefer the M4 but really, this is a preference thing. You can prefer the AKM or the M4. 
But due to the higher damage, you don’t need to hit your target as many times. 

You have a favorite weapon and that’s great, but saying “M4 is much better than AKM” is just your own preference. 
“Much better” is a bit of an overstatement. 

AKM is better at long distance shooting. The only way the M4 is better is close quarters/mid range with all attachments. 

Both are good guns. 
I forget the name. Something like “Custom T shits” 


While this can work, the really frugal thing to do is buy a box of Glad cling wrap and just tear off a bit every time you have sex. You’d be surprised how many years just a single box would last you (or maybe not, depending on how much you have sex). 

This method also is good because if you get a tear, you can easily patch it with a little bit more cling wrap. 
This guy: nah it’s cool I’ll just chug my beer first so I have a free hand to throw the dart with 
You’d have to sleep with one eye open 
Speak for yourself 
What happens with trans people after they transition and start looking like their “true” gender? Do they get new IDs? 
Nope
Idk. Haven’t been in the area long enough to know what was here before this 
The browns would be stupid to draft a RB first round. 

Barkley to the Browns confirmed 
She as hot as you’d expect her to be. 

In her high school yearbook it says “most likely to marry an NFL athlete” 
This is just such a strange store... they do custom t shirts, but man, they’re really shotgunning their products! 
There’s generally boats along the water anywhere you go. Not always, but usually. 
Straight to the point. 
I disagree. I think he’s transitioned to Star Lord pretty well! He’s still a goof ball but he isn’t an idiot. 

Plus he’s got a ripped bod instead of a dad bod
I tried watching AP Bio and all I see is Dennis as a teacher. 

It doesn’t help that his character is essentially Dennis, though. 
It’s really not so much a horror movie as it is a thriller. Yes, there’s a monster/alien/boogan thing, but really it’s just a very intense movie. 

100% recommend seeing it. I can’t watch horror movies but this was fantastic. I was a bit scared to watch it too because the trailers made it seem like a horror, but it isn’t. 


Oh, I see. That does change things then. That’s exceedingly rude. 
I’ll usually order a water and a soda because if I don’t, I’ll suck one down before my food comes. I understand people who do that. No, it’s not annoying. If you know you’re really thirsty, you could ask for two cups of whatever you’re having (assuming they have a refill policy). 
That was rude but I don’t tip for fast food/takeout and I don’t think it’s expected to. If all you do is ring me up and hand me my food, I don’t think that warrants a tip. 
What a time to be alive! 
He could have started Day 1 at a lot of places.  he’s obviously is okay with being in a QB battle if it means being at the best school he could have gone to. 

Starting for 2 years at Georgia might be more important to him than starting for 3 at a place like FSU. Maybe he thought the coaches were better there. A lot goes into it more than just which schools offer the most playing time. 
Yeah this is an example where you have two really talented young QBs and it’s just a shame that they can’t both play. 

Fromm should start. Fields isn’t going to beat him unless Fromm looks really bad in practice. 

Frankly whoever doesn’t win the starting job should consider transferring. 
To be fair, hitting on teenagers isn’t cool unless you’re also a teenager. 
It works best when talking about death, but obviously the moral of "there are things really good that we can do, but are so hard that nobody has really tried and we just resign ourselves to not living with them, but we should try." 
Do I have to cut my arm off now?
Not really. I don't hack my consoles/jailbreak my phones if I'm provided with all the services I ought to have with the standard experience. 
/r/MaliciousCompliance would love this
Oh man. Do you secretly look down on people who ask for more biscuits but just put them in a to-go box when they're done with the meal? Because I have totally done this and have no regrets. There have been fights in my house because someone ate all the leftover biscuits for breakfast before anyone else was up. 

I know they're mostly just cheese and butter balls, but god damn they are amazing. 
Most people don't like saying slurs like that, even on the internet.  


I think it's just gender stereotypes tbh

Hosting is a woman's job. Bussing is a man's job. 

Serving is generally ungendered. 


Just say "Welcome, fellow *hu*mans! Can I get you some human beverages before you consume sustenance?" 
I think it's because usually females apply for the job. IDK why but there's only one male host where I work and we have about 7 hosts total. 
It works out alright most of the time. 

Some places have a really big tip out, but my place is 1% of sales to the bartender only. So if I have $500 in sales for a shift, I can expect to get around $80-$100 in tips, and then I give $5 to the bartender. More if I know my guests ordered a lot of bar drinks/shakes. 

It only sucks in instances like this where a big party doesn't tip. OP tipped out $4 on this table alone. Their tip went directly to his busser/bartender. I've been stiffed on a 12 top before when the bill was like, $175 so I lost nearly $2 on the table. 

I don't mind tip outs. We're all a team and I know how hard the bartender's job is. But I don't really understand tipping the cooks because they get paid fully hourly and are not part of the support staff (busser, runner, host). 
I don't think that's true. If the restaurant informs the guests of the automatic charge for parties of a certain size, that's just part of what they're paying for when they eat there. If it says straight up on the menu that parties of 8 or more will be charged an automatic gratuity of 20%, that's a service charge, not a tip, and they have to pay it (if the managers aren't pushovers). 

Most managers will just take the charge off, because they don't want to make a fuss and would rather screw over their servers than have guests making a scene in the restaurant, but legally they do have to pay that. 
From what I understand, yes. Although it does break Nintendo's ToS so you'll be at their mercy and if they want to disable your account, they'd have every right to do so. 
Exactly. Can’t even complain even if they thought I did mean “weight”. 

They’d look like an ass lol because I’d just say “oh, no I wasn’t commenting on your body at all, I just appreciate your patience because I know this took a bit of time to come out to you.” 


I put an emphasis on the T for weight and no emphasis for wait. It’s subtle and might be only in my head. 
Lol I think that’s where I got that from. I had forgotten about that comic though! 
It’d be faster to take a boat all the way from the pier if you have to 
Just double tap the upvote button 
This is why I will eventually hack my Switch and install home brew. 


Legends tell of a man as smooth as this 
Sometimes I’ll say “sorry for your weight” to impatient people instead of “sorry for your wait” 

If you put just enough emphasis on “weight” you’ll sometimes get a quick little questioning eyebrow furl. You have to be nice and cheery to them though so they only think you said “weight” for a split second before they think “no they’re very nice they wouldn’t say that.” 


Mexico is 100% our ally. They are one of our 2 neighbors. We have a ton of trade with them. 

What makes you think that Mexico isn’t an ally of the US? Just because they’re brown doesn’t mean they can’t be an ally. 

Mexico is a country which we want to maintain a good relationship with. Aid is a great way to maintain that relationship. 
Israel’s walls are essentially prison walls and guarded as such. They keep people in and force them through specific checkpoints. 

The Mexico wall will not be monitored like this. It’s just not possible. It’s too long. 
Yeah 
No, no.  Conspiracies don’t exist when they are about people we like. 
Lol it just looks like the hand you’re holding your beer in is actually gripping her arm, keeping her there, and her face is just saying “fine, you caught me. Let’s just get this over with” 


Idk speak for yourself. If I was in high school with you, that’s probably how I’d receive it. 

High school guys aren’t known for their fashion trends. 
I don’t want to sound mean, but in the last picture it looks like you and a yodeler chased down a goth girl and this is your “look what we just caught!” picture. 
Seriously holy shit.  Did you stare into the sun before taking those pics? Your pupils are so small! 
No, because it’s a common sense policy. If you’ve got young person facial features, but a few grey hairs, onboard I’ll still card you 
I always land in small clusters of houses in classic mode. I'm entirely out of my league in arcade mode lol




It's really scary how it can happen to people you don't expect. It seems to start out with people who want to change the status quo, or at least find flaws with current systems. Then they are almost indoctrinated by people already in the system (red-pillers) and shown stats and data that conveniently leans right and is incomplete or missing important asterisks. These people aren't racists/incels/nazis/whatever, or at least they weren't and probably don't want to be. They are just compelled by the "facts" that they've been shown and like to think that they're edgy or non-politically correct or just "saying it how it is." 

I actually think that Jontron is a good example of this. Over the course of several years, he went from being politically moderate to leaning very right and it seems like he was  just following a thread. He was redpilled into being a racist. If you asked him if he hates black people, I don't think he'd say he does. But he's looking at things like crime rates and comes to the conclusion that black culture is fundamentally flawed, and it's because of black people. He wants them to be good people, but the facts show that they are statistically not. (those stats ignore the systemic racism and decades of racial prejudice that black people have faced, making crime often more profitable than finding a real job, which turns into a vicious circle of crime)

I think part of this is that people like to be part of a counter-culture. Today's counter culture is extreme right wing ideals, which is really strange.
Now you die because there's probably someone sitting on the ground with 8 first aids waiting for you to die
"I get killed by people doing something that is effective against me. Please stop doing that." 
I love when crates drop on top of me, and I get to them way before anyone else can and I loot them and retreat to a hiding spot. Then other people stroll up thinking they're the first, but then see that it's been emptied. And then I kill them with the loot that I just got. 

It's rare for a drop to be that good, but it has happened a few times and it's delightfully cruel. 
I just call these "claw" rides, based on the shape. Vomitron also works. 
What the fuck? I'm sorry man, but not every person who you don't like is a Trump supporter. Please, on behalf of other democrats, don't say shit like that. You make us all look bad. This discussion is over because you are unable to follow really basic guidelines for a healthy discussion. 


I've had servers not card me just after I turned 21. In fact, I think the first time I was out with my family after turning 21 I wasn't carded. The reasoning as I understand it is that if your parents are there, they're going to prevent you from underage drinking. That's true I think in most cases, but not all. Some parents don't really mind casual underage drinking. 

So yeah, the answer I got was "well, you're out with your parents and I figured they wouldn't let you drink if you were underage."

If the customer doesn't have gray hair, I card them, but I do understand the thought process behind not carding when the parents are present. It's best to just card them anyway though as it doesn't take much time and even in this instance where the girl was over 21, OP could have been fired for not IDing her. And also like this example, it's possible that the parents and kid don't realize that the thing has alcohol in it. 
Pokemon Go just issued a massive ban wave for spoofers. While not directly Nintendo, they are an affiliated company. So yes, there's precedent. 

This sub does not exist to make people happy. It's a place to combine discussion, news, questions, etc. Why have any rules at all? It's to keep the discussion on focus and not straying into areas that interfere with Nintendo's or Reddit's ToS, because we want to remain a subreddit. There are other subreddits *solely dedicated to Switch hacking*. More than one of them. This really isn't a hard thing to understand. 

>but who wants that I, after all

?
While not being legally bound to EULAs or ToS's, Nintendo does have the ability to ban your account, for example. Bar you from online/eshop. You play by the rules or they can make you not play at all. You break the agreement, you are at their mercy. Just because you're legally allowed to do something doesn't make it a good idea to support doing. 

And like it's been said, discussing hacking/homebrew isn't banned here. You just can't instruct people on how to do it or provide tools for them to do it. Feel free to talk about it all you want. It's a thing that's happening that is related to the Nintendo Switch, but this sub has nothing to gain from letting people link to hacks/homebrew. 
Where they will help you poop it out. 
It is, though. 1) (while not illegal) it definitely breaks Nintendo's terms of service with the Switch 2) It allows for emulators (gray area) and piracy, which is squarely illegal. 3) distributing or aiding in distribution of pirated software is against Reddit's ToS

Three good reasons why the official /r/nintendoswitch subreddit should not be a place where this sort of thing is discussed. 
It’s anything but obvious because the line specifically was written to have conflicting words. “Ocean, fish, jump” are all directly referring to Sea World, while “China” throws doubt into the whole thing. If he meant “see the world”, why say “jump”? What does that have to do with seeing the world? If he meant Sea World, why say “China”? What does that have to do with Sea World? 


For users on iOS who have an iPhone 6s or newer, consider using 3D Touch for shooting! It lets you avoid using the awkward claw grip and still lets you aim while moving and shooting. 

Just a note though, the sensitivity may be reversed from what it should be. For me, I want to really press hard to shoot. I don’t want any miss-fires. You’d think I would have to turn sensitivity down for that, but I actually had to turn it up. Your mileage may vary though. Not sure if this is a bug for everyone or just a few. 
Then you poop it out, I imagine. Yes, it’s a bad idea. 
No, see? Right there. That’s the problem with your method. Cause I still don’t know if you’re saying sea world or see *the* world.
Not being a dick is paying your full bill. How’d you expect it to work? 
“This guy left without paying their full bill.”

“What? How much did they leave?”

“$10 on a $25 bill”

“Ugh. Fine. I’ll just comp the remaining $15” 


What?!

You know what really helps me as a server? Paying your fucking bill. You’re not “sticking it to the man” by dining and dashing. Any tip you leave will be used as partial payment for the meal. And managers will blame us for letting you leave without paying. Some places even (illegally) make servers cover the cost of the meal. 

Just pay your damn bill! You want to stick it to the man? Call your representatives. 

You’re not a fucking rebel for dining and dashing. 
Frankly that is disturbing 
Interesting strategy 

Wonder how often it works 
>	it has its own subreddit 

But there are so many subreddits, which one though? Do you know which one? 
That content isn’t a legal grey area. 
Michigan’s QBs have the athleticism but we just don’t throw it very often. Maybe it’ll change with Shea. But yeah, if we keep doing what we did this year, there’s no possible way they’ll be in the running for most productive in the league. 
I hate that I thought of this, but technically any tree can be made into a bonsai tree. Maybe /r/bonsai could help you out with an Ohio Buckeye bonsai tree for your office. 

They will still bear full sized buckeye nuts. 


Yeah, well, my brother has a hat signed by Rich Rod. 
I sat up in the “nose bleeds” once and honestly it was great. Sure, it was hard to see but it’s still the Big House and you really get to take it all in when you’re up that high. 
It doesn’t usually bother me. 

What bothers me more when grown adults sit there and tear up straw wrappers and toss them on the ground. Come on man. Find something better to fidget with 
I think it *is* in that particular order. 
Parents 100% go out with their kids so they don't have to worry about cooking or cleaning up after them. It's a break from their usually parenting duties. So I understand it. What I don't like is when those people then don't tip well. I'm the server and busser and cleaner. I'm the one who is going to clean up after your kids. The tip is a service charge. 
Holy shit that might seriously help me. I kept trying to adjust the sensitivity but it was always too sensitive. I’ll try it again at 200%! 
I think he’s too big to squeeze in to places like that now, but he has no trouble finding comfy spots https://imgur.com/a/twUwadB/
Well, JT isnt going to be an NFL star. I’d be shocked if he is, at any position. He’s more of a Denard Robinson, but with a coach who knew what he’s doing and a top rated team around him. 

The reason why Brady is surprising to people is that he’s not Michigan’s best QB, even though he’s the NFL’s best QB. He wasn’t even Michigan’s best QB of QBs who were at Michigan while he was at Michigan. Lots of college QB stars flop in the NFL, like Manziel, Winston. Tebow, etc. Most of them do. But the QBs who are great are *usually* also the best QBs from their schools. 

His success in college is minuscule compared to his success in the NFL and that’s what people are confused by 
“Not used effectively” could be the motto for the entire Hoke era 
I remember seeing Funchess play as a freshman (I think) and saying to myself that this kid is going to be playing on Sundays. He’s fucking huge and crazy athletic. My favorite player on those teams. 

I wouldn’t necessarily call him under used, but he could have been a super star and wasn’t. 
There’s so many. I personally think Jourdan Lewis should be higher but that might be my recency bias. 
Idk I’d say that Brady was one of our best QBs in the modern era. Sure, he didn’t start in front of Griese, but who would have? He started and played every game for his last 2 years though, having two 10 win seasons, winning the B1G championship once and winning two high profile bowl games (Citrus and Orange). 

What more can you ask of him? People love to say that he didn’t do anything in college but that’s simply not true. 

The problem is that Michigan just has a ton of QBs and if we’re going back to the 1920s, it’s really hard to make a list of the top 5. 
No Dennis Franklin? Dude had a 30-2-1 record. And Chad Henne isn’t #1. He holds a lot of records but that’s because he’s a 4 year QB. 0-4 vs OSU and 1-3 in bowl games. 


JT Barrett

TJ Barrett

JB Tarrett

JT Barrett IV

TB Jarrett 



Penn State should just be the standard form Persian. That’s like, exactly their mascot. No need for Alolan form. 
WHAT.

I'm sorry, but the buck stops when you try to take my pen. 

"Nope! Sorry, I need all of my pens. It's a [brand name/model] though if you want to go buy a pack for yourself though." 
Not fired for slapping asses...

Fired for poking someone in the butt with a cuke. 

hmmmmmmmmmmmm
Sometimes I'll sit on an empty cup rack out of sight when it's really slow, but if I have a table, I'm on my feet. 


Identity theft is not a joke, Jim!
Yeah I would have as well, but I'm definitely biased towards more recent players because I've seen them play and grew up with them. Like /u/Blooblod said, there's a ton of talent overall at the WR position for Michigan. If Manningham was put at #5, you'd have people saying that Gallon is deserving of it. 
The Wii did not have an ethernet port, and neither did the Wii U.

They're on other consoles because their size allows them to be. They're less and less common on laptop these days too, especially the full sized ports. 

I really don't see what the big deal is about getting a single cheap adapter to solve a problem that few people have. And I actually think that 10% is on the high end. Of all Switch owners? How many do you really think don't have wifi? I think that number is very low. 

But whatever. Point is that I don't see the Switch not having Ethernet as a problem. 
[Nebraska and Oklahoma](https://giphy.com/gifs/reaction-6eQcXrgZIfWgg)


This except Nebraska. 

They belong with their brethren in the Big 12, where the sky is big and the grass is tall and wavy, and the corn is always in season. 


Cerberus, after being caught and put in the stocks for public shaming
Okay cool thanks
That's fair. I didn't realize they were import only
Does it have touchscreen controls at all?
I just go through Minecraft moods every few years. I'll want to play really badly for like, a month or two and then stop for like, 3 years. 

I think I've got a mood coming on. Might wait for a sale or might just bite the bullet and buy it. 
I mean you can already buy pink joycons 
You eat people and gain their power. 

It is not meant to be a challenging game. 

You are supposed to be overpowered. 

There's really not much more to it. 
Don't hold your breath. It isn't even on PS4. 

But they did release a mobile version of it which is surprisingly good. 

The only way it'd ever come to the Switch is as the mobile version because the PC/Xbox version runs horribly. 
I'm imagining "And with the release of Pokemon _____ & _____, we'll be releasing a special edition joy con designed after the original Kanto starters, and of course Pikachu!" 

It'll be a side thing, not a main announcement. 
White buttons, gray analog sticks. 
They had a chance to do this with the Pro Controller but didn't. I wouldn't hold you breath. 

There's not much room in the pro controller for analog triggers anyway.
Yeah, but no bluetooth, no HD rumble, no gyroscope. Kinda lame. 

It's a start, but IDK if it's worth buying when it comes out. 
Have you ever seen someone try to blast you with a shotgun from 100 yards away? Bot. 

Most of the people you see early on are bots. If they make no attempt to find cover and are really just terrible, they’re probably bots. 
Some fridges filter air through them and you’d be surprised by how long you can breath in a small area. 
My kitten loves to hop in the fridge when we open the door. He’ll sneak by and crawl in there. He’s stopped doing it lately but I was really nervous that I’d not notice him do it one time and close him in there. I would never ever lock him in the freezer. What the fuck. 

Here’s a picture of him in the fridge, though. https://i.imgur.com/CDQH2Qi.jpg
Looks like it. The cut probably was from his helmet or sunglasses. 
Yeah his hands don’t even go up to his face. I think he’s probably physically fine, just completely shocked 
Bold

Brash 
I said [the *real* Squidward](https://i.imgur.com/VpBqEDa.jpg)
Wrong. 

Gus Malzahn
Why? For the 10% of people who need an Ethernet port, a $10 adapter is more than reasonable. It’s not like there’s a whole lot of real estate on the dock
TIL. I thought they were just dispersed throughout the map. 
Really? They just spawn in the middle of the match? 
I’d rather have a Kar but I do prefer the M4 to an AKM. Upgrade slots make it better 
They’ll be furious in 40 years when they have arthritis 
This was my assessment of pretty much all the labo games. Building the stuff is the cool part. The games themselves seem like they’d get old quickly, unless you’re really young I guess. 
I rate coaches based on their dad bods 
B jumped the line but if the woman B was with was going to order for him anyway, A didn’t wait any longer. 

Saying “hey man next time please don’t jump the line” isn’t out of line though. The correct response to that is “oh, I’m sorry. I definitely will go to the back of the line next time”, not “go fuck yourself” 

Calling B anorexic and making Nazi jokes isn’t cool though. Nobody handled this situation right. 
I'd argue that Rocket League was always fine. Sure, the graphics weren't mind blowing but it kept 60fps almost always. 

It still played like Rocket League even if it looked not great. The patch really helped though. 
https://www.amazon.com/UGREEN-Ethernet-Adapter-Nintendo-Chromebook/dp/B00MYT481C/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&qid=1524430572&sr=8-4&keywords=usb+to+ethernet+adapter
The difference is that TW3 was actually enjoyable to walk around in, because the world was alive. 
I mean, he’s not wrong. 
And drake 
This is just the same as a dozen other meme formats. This is the same as guy staring at girl, drake, car swerving off highway, etc. 

Market is already saturated with these memes. This one will not take off. 
Minor league baseball is a great time! You don’t go there to watch the players, for the most part, so the atmosphere is really laid back and kid friendly and there’s usually other attractions in the stadium. 

It’s just a good time 
Yeah! I loved going to the Thunder games as a kid. I only ever was there when Chase was the bat dog but it’s so cool that they have had 3 generations doing this :) RIP Chase and Derby. They weren’t just good boys, they were some of the best boys. 


This was his whole schtick. By using tricks, you can make effects that look really good pretty easily. 

Obviously he’s got a ton of experience so he makes it look much easier than it is, but if you follow his tips, good landscape painting can be attainable for relatively inexperienced people. 

In this instance, his brush has a gradient of colors on it. So when he paints, it all comes off looking like a rock with light hitting it on one side and a shadow on the other in just one stroke. That’s how he does these crazy paintings in like, 20 minutes. 
they're not
I... what? 
This person has no grasp on how third person view works. 
"I'll just park this here so we have a quick getaway when the zone changes"

-my teammates
Oh come on. You knew what I meant. Don’t be obtuse 
I have no opinion. Generally if they’re out on a date, they’re happy and friendly. So that makes them easy. The only thing I don’t like is a first date gone wrong. I’ve had one or two of those. They were obviously both uncomfortable. 
Definitely this. They made an ass of themselves and that restaurant. They stole while advertising their company. Not a good look. 
I really like being able to do this with tables. If I can tell that they’re receptive to jokes, I know they’re gonna be an easy table. They’re in a good mood and ready to have a fun time. 
Ah okay. It’s for sure more than 2x though. 
Yeah I got cornered in one of those big barn things and riddled the guy who chased me in. But then I tried picking people off from a distance and never dealt enough damage to kill them. It was fun for them to try and find me though because the silencer didn’t show my location. 
If it had a mag of 20 I’d like it a lot better. 
You average it out over the long run. 
It’s definitely 4x
It’s definitely supposed to be a sniper. It’s in that class. It accepts sniper upgrade parts. But you can’t really use it like you would a Kar 
What’s it supposed to be?
If they’re literally the only table I have, I might have the patience to do that. But I won’t let them steal my time and make the experience worse for other guests. But kudos to you for not letting them get a free meal out of you. I love impressing regulars who are particularly picky. 


It’s a fun gun but I want more power out of my snipers lol 
Pretty much lol 

It’s actually one of my least favorite guns in the game but I did end up getting a kill with it this round. I literally couldn’t find an AR until I pulled off the other guy’s body. 


That’s just so rude. 

I think what they meant to say is that you had more patience than any server they’ve ever had. I would have been 100% done with that lady when she asked why she didn’t get a sample of watermelon sangria after she had just snapped at me for not wanting it. 

One rude comment might have just been a misunderstanding. A changed order after I walked away might just be her changing her mind. Saying you don’t want something and then asking why you didn’t get it would have made me 100% done. Three strikes and you’re out. This table would have ruined my entire shift. 
Baby steps 
It was literally one sentence lol just read it 

And you don’t understand your/you’re. You’re is just short for “you are”. “Your” refers to a possession. For example, “you’re an idiot.” Or “your understanding of contractions is poor” 

It’s “you’re” in the sentence here because you could say “we aren’t going to fix it even though you are paying for it.” If you could say “you are”, then it’s “you’re”. If saying “you are” doesn’t make sense, then it’s “your”. 
Tell me more about this having sex with women right away thing. 
She can be your angle or your devil 
Are you really asking us to explain the difference between your and you’re? 
2014 vs Minnesota, but not because we lost. 

Michigan’s QB, Shane Morris, received an obvious concussion in this game while already suffering from an ankle injury. 

Brady Hoke not only kept him in the game for a few plays after the concussion, but he *put him back in the game* a few plays later after Gardner lost his helmet, instead of putting the 3rd string (Bellamy) in for 1 play. 

At this point in the game mid way through the 4th) we were down 30-7. The game was all but over. There was no need to do this. It was the most egregious example of injury negligence I’ve ever seen and this turned me from not liking Hoke as a coach to hating him as a person. 

Everyone in the stadium knew Shane got a concussion that play but Hoke kept him in and put him back in the game later. 

Here’s a video of the events. https://youtu.be/N1mIcYz-DM8

So disgusting. 
:( looks like he’s doing better now though! Hoping he returns to the field this year. Might not ever be what he once was, but the recovery is extremely impressive. 
2015 Michigan State. 

We may never play App State again. But we’re gonna have to watch the “whoa he has trouble with the snap!” For the rest of our lives. 

App State was when we really were declining. But 2015 is a game we 100% should have won but didn’t. 
He’s just perfecting the dad-bod
Now there are Tua them! 
Ugh. I wish the US got rid of pennies. This sounds annoying but it’s probably much easier in the big picture. 
Yep. I used to live in upstate NY. I swear cashiers would try and pawn them off to any customer disguised as American pennies. I don’t blame them, because Canadians probably did the same to them. But god damn every time I paid cash I’d get a Canadian penny back. 
Gonna use this trick on Valentine’s Day! Thanks! 
Hm. Then you should probably refuse them alcohol too.  

The first place I worked had a big book of IDs and how to identify fakes. Maybe ask management about that? Or even ask them this question. See how they want you to handle this situation. 
Right but what OP is saying is that if they’re at university for a semester abroad, they aren’t carrying their passports with them 24/7. And even if they’re just there for a week, most people don’t carry passports with them everywhere they go. 
Game changer 
1 thing vs all other things that he’s done and said...

Hmmmmmm
I never get into a vehicle with a random teammate. If they keep honking and persisting, I shoot out the tires. Unless I’m driving, I just assume that every vehicle trip is going to end in death. 
Even if they give you fake IDs? 
Hold up. 

If you hold the pan in your hand do you block bullets from the front? 
They look different in all states. Mine has a little hologram thing, but my previous one didn't. Honestly, it's not really your job to spot fake IDs, especially from different countries. I wouldn't worry about it too much. 
Some people don’t know that pointing themselves downward makes them go faster. 
Sounds like a new host. Didn’t follow the policy of asking you if wanted a table or booth. Wasn’t sure how to react when you changed things up on them. Wasn’t confident to just let you sit at the booth. 

My guess is that this was probably one of their first shifts. 
You went to the wrong medical school ;) 

Or maybe I did... 
I think most of us are. Hate the man but can’t help but applaud him here. 
Anyone involved with this deserves credit, and Trump was definitely involved. 

I cannot stand Trump as a person or president but this is a good thing that he’s been able to do. 
I think we can all agree that Pitt eats Shit
Let’s drop at pochinki! 

Dead in 2 minutes. 

I really need a reliable team to play with. Random people want to drop in high population areas 9 out of 10 times. So annoying when you’re down to 1 other teammate by the time the first blue zone comes in. 


“Well, now we know”
Yes
They all dropped at military base. 
I’ve died twice from bombings. Once when I was hanging out for a while in the zone not moving. Decided to run for a car and get out, but when I got to the car a bomb dropped on my head. 

The second was when I was with a teammate. The bomb knocked me out, and then 2 seconds later *another* bomb killed me. 
Was gonna say 

https://i.redd.it/sklquswnmwdy.gif
You’ll probably make good money. We don’t pool tips and I’ve never worked anywhere that did, but if you’re making that much in sales, you’ll get good money in tips whether it’s in a pool or individual. I’d take the job if get an offer. At the very least you can test the waters there and see if it’s worth it and get some more experience in the meantime. 
No agent? No go 
It’s a little different. I haven’t really gotten far enough to decide if I like it or not. There definitely isn’t a ton of farming space. 
He probably doesn’t want to get injured 
I’m definitely not shitting on McSorely. He’s a great QB and I’d be really happy if he was my QB. I don’t think that stars tell the whole story. 

Horni throws well into coverage. He’ll throw an INT every game, but he’ll get the job done. I really don’t think you can argue with his results. But obviously McSorely has been great for you guys too. 
I like the way you think 
I did! The first time I played I just did the standard layout. This time I chose the river layout. 
Just ask them to please pay. There should be no stigma about asking a party to pay so that you can go home for the night, especially when your service is no longer required. 
PSU has Barkley, Gisicke, and Hamilton. I don’t think Wisconsin’s WR group is bad at all, but one of the best TEs in the country, one of the best WRs in the country, and one of the best RBs in the country?  Hard to compete with that. 
It’s not just about guns man. 
No?
And he can run a bit. Can Horni run? 

I’d actually take Horni over McSorely. Hornibrook has less receiving talent than McSorely does/did. 
Stardew Valley. 

Started a new farm earlier this week. 

Getting back into the grind. 
I would like to see it in stores 
Can we talk about LoZ rule 34 porn for a sec? 

How come every artist gives Urbosa a massive cock? I can understand Gay Link in the gerudo outfit. That makes sense. Even trans Link or Linkle or whatever. I can understand doing that. 

But Urbosa? Come on man. First of all, it’s not canonical. There are no male gerudo (Ganon aside). Second, just cuz she’s ripped doesn’t mean she’s got a cock! Want Urbosa to fuck Link in the ass? Fine! Give her a strap on.  

And it’s not just one or two pictures I’ve seen like this. It’s *hard* to find rule 34 Urbosa with a pussy! 

On another note, Mipha shouldn’t have boobs. She’s not a mammal. 
You don’t get beaten to the brink of death when you walk by your car in a parking lot? 
Once you’re brought to a room, you have an expectation of being seen in a reasonable amount of time. If you’re in the waiting room, you know you’re just waiting for an unknown amount of time. 

So waiting for an hour+ in the waiting room isn’t as excruciating as waiting for an hour+ in the room because your expectations are lower. 
He loves French Press Apple juice 
*Sonic Boom flashbacks* 
I’ve never understood the whole 4/20 thing. 

Just smoke on your time off? I like to drink but I don’t need a special holiday where I get to drink all day. Thats just called Thursday. 


Why couldn’t you just leave if they had paid and were done eating? 

My go to line whenever this happens is “hey guys, you’re welcome to stay until we close, but my shift has ended. Is it alright if we close your ticket? If you decide you’d like something else later, there will be other servers around who will be happy to help you. 

I do not let people stay after we close. If you’re done eating and it’s past the time is says we close on the door, I’m asking you to leave. I will not let you be a time thief 
If I’m at a nice restaurant and another family had kids running around the place, I’d be really upset. 

Go to Applebee’s if you’re gonna do that. There’s a lower expectation at family places. If I can’t buy an entree for less than $25, I shouldn’t have to deal with other people’s kids screaming or running around. 

I *love* that the mom wrote a review saying that she was wronged and people told her off. You’re allowed to go out to eat at nice places with your kids, but keep them well behaved! 
¡Resérvalo ya!
When I see an OSU bumper sticker I try to validate my idea that they’re a shitty person. 

Sometimes it’s easy. 

Honest to god one time I saw a truck with a Friends of Coal bumper sticker, an NRA bumper sticker, a pro life bumper sticker, a Trump bumper sticker, and an OSU bumper sticker. So that one was pretty easy for me. 

Most of the time I’ll just try and see if they cut anyone off or are bad drivers. Usually I’m wrong because we’re all just people, but I like it when I’m right. 
Well I don’t know that “right of way” exists more than just common sense. You see a person with a tray of drinks, you stay out of their way. Or a big tray of food. Just move. 

You still need to be aware of what’s going on around you if you’re carrying a tray of drinks, because other people have stuff going on too and you don’t want to get in their way, especially if they don’t see you, but people should typically stay out of your way if they see you. 
Maryland. They’re making moves! They hired Matt Canada. They have healthy QBs. They’ve got talent! 

They’re our fucking homecoming game! 

Guys. They’re gonna beat us at homecoming. We’re gonna Coug it. Or Clemson it. I frankly don’t know the difference. But it’s gonna happen. 

We’re probably going to lose to Northwestern too 
Even on TV the 2016 game is high on my list 
A man destined for either the NFL or the male escort business. 
Huh. Well, yeah. 

>	No player shall target and make forcible contact to the head or neck area of a defenseless opponent with the helmet, forearm, hand, fist, elbow or shoulder. 

Now, the question is whether or not that defender was “defenseless” 

By definition, very few situations allow for a defender to be defenseless. The only one that could apply to this player is “a player receiving a blind side block.”

That wasn’t a blind side block. 

So yeah, this shouldn’t have been targeting. This was a bad call. But the QB also shouldn’t have led with his elbow to the guy’s neck. 
Scrambling like a new born horse is a normal reaction when your dad walks in on you sniffing your GF’s farts. 
That. She was fully clothed? His face was in her ass? Room already smelled and she couldn’t stop farting? He was smelling her farts. I don’t know what she took to make her fart so much  like that, but this was fart sniffing, not ass eating. 

That comes later. 
Definitely! It works both ways. If a party is really rude to me, I’ll get in a sour mood. If a party is really nice to me, I’ll get in a really good mood. One good table early in the shift can set the tone for the rest of my shift. 

I always try to be as nice as I can, but when I’m just unhappy on the inside, it’s hard to force that pleasant attitude 
Your resume should reflect all the relevant work you’ve done. If you’re applying to another restaurant position somewhere else, all your restaurant work is relevant. But babysitting your neighbor’s kid isn’t. 

Size doesn’t matter. You don’t need it to fill a page. Be concise but also accurate and to the point. For example, “was the lead host at a restaurant and oversaw 2-4 hosts per shift.” 

Make sure to include your contact info! I know it sounds dumb to say, but if you don’t include your phone number, email, and mailing address, that’s a big mistake. 

Also, save it as a PDF titled “/u/troasface’s resume mm/yyyy” so when someone is looking for it, they know exactly what it is and how recent it is. 
I’m just happy when people are pleasant to me 
You can! 
To any future president: if I get wounded in battle you have my full consent to award me with a purple testicles medal 
Elite coaches > non-elite coaches 
Well, not really. They’re two different things 
This is another reason why I don’t like the idea of a tip out pool. Let me give the tip directly to the person. It’s not an option that I do it. But then again I only tip out 1 person per shift, so it’s easy to do that. 
Yep. That’s it. Add in, “when do you think is a realistic time that we can make that happen?” Maybe offer to continue to train hosts or even cover host shifts if super necessary. 

Let them know what you want, and that you’re ready for it now. And help them with the process of changing your position and potentially needing a new host. 
It’s not a protected rivalry. We played MSU once in the regular season. 
There’s a possibility of beating MSU 4 times next season. Exciting times 
It makes sense, but it does mean their schedule is really hard every other season. Their schedule really shouldn’t be like that 
They are. Carnivores branch in to two separate groups: Caniformia and feliformia. Cats are feliformia, and pretty much all other carnivores are caniformia (canines, bears, seals, otters, raccoons, weasels). There's a few other animals that fall under feliformia that you wouldn't expect, like hyenas and mongooses, but it's a smaller sub-order. 

So, a bear and a seal are equally close to a dog, but even a skunk is closer to a dog than a cat is. 
Why where they so calm about being so close to it?! Those things are massive! If there was a coyote this far away from your daughter, would you be calm about it? 
That isn't karma. I'm not sure what I would have done in your shoes, but you both did shitty things. 
What's gross about that? Just give them a wipe down and they'r good to go. 
I would change it to something *really cool* and menacing, like a tree nut or something
Oooh I like Michigan's schedule. 


Kelly? Probably not at Notre Dame

Saban? Maybe. He'll be old. I don't know why I'd keep coaching at that age if I were him. Plenty of money. Plenty of achievements. Nothing left to prove. 

I give it a 3:10 chance that they're both coaching these same schools for those games.
That's my go-to as well. Kick six. It wasn't even one game, it was one play. 
100% Jake Long. We need a good O-line. The other parts of our offense should fall into place behind a good line. 
Many of them are eligible but not all of them. I have better luck with sponsored gyms (starbucks). 
You have to know what gyms are eligible for EX raids, and then do some raids at that gym. You'll get one eventually. Won't take too long. 
Ohhh okay 
THE LAST TIME MICHIGAN PLAYED IN THE RAIN THEY PLAYED SO BADLY THAT WE JUST FORFEITED A GAME AGAINST OURSELVES BECAUSE OF A WEATHER FORECAST
Do you get to keep it once the round starts?
I don't understand why anyone is rude to their own teammates. There are 1 or 2 people in that match who want you to win and you're being mean to them? Why? 
He already has transferred. What he's appealing for is the ability to play right away and not wait a year like transfers typically have to do. 
Great! So only a few more months before we get a decision.
I don't think so. You break the ToS you're entitled to nothing.
That is the message, as far as I'm aware. They don't tell you "yo u banned bro." They just don't let you back into the game. 
Depends. Sometimes I have a section of 6 tables maximum. Sometimes I have a section of 16 split between two or three people and we rotate tables. 

At nicer restaurants servers have fewer tables because it allows them to provide better service. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/K%C3%BCbler-Ross_model

after OSU winning 10 of our last 12 matchups, I've had time to get to stage 5
The mods of this subreddit are very strictly anti spoofing so I don’t want to anger them with a link. 

But if you wanted to make a Reddit community about Pokémon Go Spoofing, what do you think you would name it? 
It was actually community day. Most spoofers were hit with a shadow ban a few weeks ago and a lot of them had just worn off (the big black message saying that they think you’re cheating so knock it off). It prevents good spawns from showing up but still lets you play the game and hatch eggs and battle gyms and do raids. But a lot of spoofers just got back in to spoofing after not spoofing for a week or two, and a popular spoofing app was updated maybe the day before community day claiming to be safe and won’t get you banned. 

It did. I think niantic has always been able to know when you’re spoofing. The gun was always at spoofers’ heads. 
I mean, we might beat them once in a while but OSU will always be the better program while Meyer is there. Their recruiting class is just insane every year. There’s always high profile players deciding between OSU and Michigan and they tend to choose OSU. 

We’re going to beat OSU eventually, but no matter how good Harbaugh becomes, we’re not going to be the best program in the B1G until Meyer leaves. 
A handful and yes I think if one gets it, they probably all will. 
Yes, it’s because if they don’t oppose this, it makes it look like they agree that they dicked him over. They don’t want to admit to doing something wrong here, so they’re opposing the waiver to play this year, not his transfer. The transfer is already complete. He’s a Wolverine now. The question we’re waiting on is whether or not he’ll be allowed to play immediately season or if he’ll have to sit out like transfers usually have to do (grad transfers aside). 
🗿
Police very rarely actually chase people. It’s not safe. 
The only thing that I thought was unfair was bowser Jr who came and let you re-roll whenever you didn’t catch the car. That’s BS so our rule was Bowser only gets to do that once per game. 
I think it absolutely is. You can get it for ~$30. If you have friends, it’s 100% worth it. 
Surprising motherfucker 
That’s a shame 
I can’t remember the last time I plugged headphones into my phone, and I have a 6s. 

I’ll admit that I was really upset about the lack of headphone jack on the 7, but I’ve come around. Bluetooth is not only the future for mobile audio, it’s the present. $10 on Bluetooth earbuds and the problem is 100% solved, with an overall better solution than wired headphones and a jack. 
Actually DACs in iphones are pretty good. 
So he’s using the shitty Samsung default earphones? Wow what an upgrade 
Wireless charging

/s 
Bluetooth headphones all the way. I love music and I have a really awesome headphone setup at my PC, but for my phone, a cheap pair of Bluetooth headphones does the trick quite nicely. I’m less restricted physically but I do get slightly stressed about the battery life. You can get a pair for like, $12 on Amazon. It’s worth it.
It’s entirely awesome! 
And the toe beans. Touch the toe beans as much as possible 
Yes! Touch his feet a lot. Pick him up a lot. Let him play with your hand but the second he bites or scratches say “OW!” and the playing stops. 

He’s got to learn these things early. It’ll make things so much easier in the long run. You’ll be able to trim his nails easily, move him around easily, and play with him with your hands without getting massive scratch marks! 
What does it matter if it’s 11:00 pm or 2:00 am. 50 coins/day is 50 coins/day. 
Aluminum Container 
God DAMMIT. This guy is gonna be a star. The name alone confirms it. You can’t be “Steele Chamber” and not perform. 
Agreed
[Taste a load of this sweet blast of nostalgia!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8U2e9hIrBs)
Real talk: The N3DS doesn't get enough respect for its design. It's the sleekest looking console Nintendo has ever made. 
The GBA shell that I got is surprisingly high quality. The buttons you can keep original but the plastic for the GBA was really impressive. I thought I'd lose a bit of quality by doing it because it's not official Nintendium, but it's pretty darn good. 
True. I work at a family place so we’re pretty relaxed 
Bowser party was fantastic and completely outshined everything else about Mario Party 10. Seriously it’s incredibly fun. 

I played the real “Mario Party” mode maybe 3 or 4 times with friends. But Bowser Party mode I’ve played probably close to 25 times. It’s a lot of fun when you have 4 other friends. It’s very competitive
He's been banned because he spoofed.
Agreed! Sudowoodo is just begging to be your friend!
My favorite is when I'm running food to tables while I wait for my own dinner to come up, and when it does I just throw on my jacket and leave (because I've already done all my side work and am ready to leave). But I'll walk by tables where I was just dropping food at only a minute or two ago, and they'll look at me all confused and thinking "wait where is he going??" 

One of the things that I do when tables are lingering for a long time is go up to them and say "hey guys I hate to ask but is it alright if we move you over to this table over here? I just need to clean off the table you're at before I leave for the night, but you're welcome to stay until we close! My shift has ended though and I'd like to go home." 

9 times out of 10 they'll say "oh we were just on our way out!" and leave in a minute or two. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKb2C7SzlNc
"Hey, the name is Frank. *Not a predator.* Just wanted to get that out of the way ahead of time. I'd like a double quarter pounder and a side of fries, please. What? Oh my *twin* is a predator. I'm not. Just wanted to clear the air in case you knew him. No, *I* am not a predator. Yes yes yes I *know* that me saying this now makes me *sound* like a predator, but it's my *twin* who is the real predator! See, look at my ID! I'm *Frank.* My twin's name is *Hank*. And *no* I didn't just make that up, our parents were just unimaginative. Look, can I please just get my food? Again, I'd like to stress that I am *not* a predator." 
Talk to your managers now about how getting paid works. You might have a misunderstanding. Hopefully you do, because this is squarely illegal. 
This is not legal in the US. 
My parents have essentially a roomba for the pool. It cleans the bottoms and has a big hose that it gets its water from to move along the floor. They named it Jose, partly as joke about Hispanic yard workers and partly as a pun about the hose. I think it's a pretty solid name. 
:/ that's actually a bit disappointing. I hope this is what they truly want and not just something that they feel they have to do because of who their dad was. 


Yeah. It was never $60. 

Wait for it to go down in price. You'll be able to find it for $30 in not too long.
Just as Steve would have wanted it
I know the kids are really awesome and carrying the legacy very well, but I always feel like I'm watching robots. They look perfect. They talk perfectly. They're like little Irwin-bots. It's very strange.  
You know, I'd never really seek out OK GO songs on their own. It's not that they're bad, they're just kind of generic. But god damn do they have the absolute best music videos. 
"what if we just had Don Brown coach the offensive line too?" 
It feels like every team in the B1G except for Wisconsin has O-Line problems. 

Wisconsin, share the wealth! 
Patterson: This thing happened

Ole Miss: Hey that's not fair that didn't happen like that.

NCAA to Patterson: Pls clarify

Patterson: So here's some additional information to clear that up

Ole Miss: Yah
Sounds right. 
Yeah actually there's a well defined time frame for when we can expect to hear back. 

The NCAA has between right now and September 1st to decide on a ruling. 
But... don't you want them to be? 

Don't get me wrong, spoofers should be banned, but I love waking up and seeing "_____ returned with 50 coins" Please knock my pokemon out of gyms! Do it at 3 AM. Do it whenever! I only need to be in gyms for 8 hours a day to get 50 coins. That's pretty easy unless you live in a big city. 

I'm more disappointed when my pokemon are in gyms for multiple days, because what's the point?
It will be impossible to get them running again. 
You're fine. They aren't even looking at player activity, just altered app versions. They detect the alteration and if you have it, it means you've downloaded a cracked version of the game. And then they ban you. So if you only ever go through the app store or google store or whatever, you're fine even if your player jumps around a lot. 
He keeps his disappointment bottled up inside?! 

He doesn’t lash out and call her an ugly slut?!

He doesn’t say that he’ll treat her better?!

*Impossible* 
What point are you trying to make? 
Missed out on a lot of click baiting 
For all the drama surrounding him, I really do like Rich Rod. 

Obviously if this sexual assault thing is true, fuck him. But i couldn’t help but root for Arizona while he coached there. I feel like he wasn’t set up for success at Michigan and was fired before he could do anything. He didn’t get enough slack and Hoke got too much slack. 
You lose Barkley, Gesicki (spelling?), and Hamilton. 3 of your top 4 receivers. 

You may return a lot of talent but you’re losing probably the most talent in the B1G. 
I’m never confident about any game but I do agree that this is a winnable game. They did not end the season last year as a CFP team. They lose a lot of players. They have QB questions. This is a game we can win but confident? Lol I’m not confident about western Michigan 
Michigan: 10-2 

* ND: W

* Western Michigan: W

* SMU: W

* Nebraska: W

* Northwestern: L

* Maryland: W

* Wisconsin: W

* MSU: W

* Penn State: W

* Rutgers: W

* Indiana: W

* OSU: L 

This is pretty optimistic, I admit. We win most of the tough games but lose a game we should have won. Northwestern away? That’s an L. Or potentially Maryland at homecoming.

Reasons for beating ND: I think we tend to come out of the gates hot. We’ll be healthy and with hopefully good QB play we can take ND in South Bend. 

Reasons for beating Wisconsin: we’re playing them at home. We usually play them pretty close. We return a lot of defenders. I think we put defense them. 

Reasons for beating MSU: I think we’re the better team. I think we were the better team last year and we made a bunch of mistakes that cost us the game. I don’t think we’ll repeat those mistakes. 

Reasons for beating PSU: we have them at home and they’re losing a lot of talent. Probably the most talent lost in the entire B1G. Michigan wins with 3 INTs. 

We’ll lose to OSU because Meyer still has 4 horcruxes remaining 
Thanks Harvard 
Can you charge someone a cleaning charge if they do this? It probably costs you money in the form of time if you have to stop and clean your cab. 
Once you allow other people or animals in to your car, you’ve already accepted the possibility that they could puke, piss, or shit in your car. It could be today, it could be tomorrow. It could be 5 years from now. But eventually the bell will toll, and it will toll for you. 
Pro tip: instead of doing *that*, just put the whole bottle in the fridge you’ll get a whole bottle of cold, unopened, liquid water. 
Yeah but I don’t really care. It’s still a true statement. 
I fully support banning spoofers, but if legit players *have* been banned that’s unacceptable. Banning spoofers is not so important that we should be happy about erasing a legit player’s time and effort. I’m a day 1 player with who knows how many thousands of hours playing this game. I’d be rightfully furious if I were banned in a spoofer ban wave after playing legit for nearly 2 years. 
Yeah idk. Restaurants probably started doing it first and being super attentive and then customers because accustomed to it. We probably like it this way because that’s how it has been for a long time. 
Customer is always right 

You want them to be happy. You want them happy so they come back. 
Ours will close everything out when the server clocks out 
Yeah I think that’s a difference in culture. Many Europeans are happy to just eat their food and not be bothered until they’re done. But many Americans like to have that sense that they’re not on their own. They want to be checked in on because they might need things and don’t want to flag down a server. 

Further, most US managers will encourage their staff be out on the floor a lot. If I’m just standing around while it’s busy, I’m going to be asked why I’m not doing something. I’ll probably check in on a table 2-3 times during their meal before I bring them their check. More if they stay longer. 

When I visited the UK I thought the food service was terrible. But I’m sure when you visit the US you think it’s way overbearing. We just do things differently. 
It’s like seeing your teacher at the grocery store. 

“Hey! You’re supposed to be at school!” 
If that’s the case, the restaurant would lose every single dispute. All someone would have to do is go to their bank and say “I was charged for this and I didn’t agree to pay that amount.” The bank asks the restaurant for proof. If no proof is given, the entire transaction is voided. 

That’s a really dumb thing to do 
There are places where pokemon do not spawn at all. Like, out at sea or in the deep wilderness. They're based on cell phone usage. In areas of high data usage, you'll find pokemon. In areas of low usage, you'll find fewer. That's why places like gas stations always seem to have pokemon. Because when people stop, they always go on their phones. 

I believe pokestops do force spawns to occur. If one was out in the middle of the ocean, it would probably spawn pokemon near it. 
Some people are just walking garbage. 
I don't think Pokemon Go and religion have anything to do with each other. We only have Easter events because it's a holiday observed by many people in the US and Europe, which are some of Pokemon Go's biggest target audiences. 

I don't see a reason for them to have a Ramadan event. Not everything has to come back to pokemon go
You gotta tell us about this person, why they were terrible, and how they were fired. 

These are the rules. It is known. 
The snow is fine
Why don't you just use a cooler?
"sorry man gotta wait til the whole block melts away. But trust me, it'll be worth it! You'll never have had a beer at such a disappointing temperature like this before in your life! 
Yeah, this is a cool concept but that's it. 

Cooling beer is not a hard thing to do. Get a cooler. Get a bag or two of ice. Put beer and ice in cooler. If you need it cold really fast, add salt and water. Otherwise, you're good to go. 

This ice block will keep part of the beer cold, but you're only cooling the neck of the bottle, and then different parts as the ice block slowly melts and slides down the bottle. It's inefficient. You'd be better serve hitting that block of ice with a hammer and throwing the crushed ice on to the case of beer. 


That's actually not true. If $2.13+tips is less than $7.25/hr (federal minimum wage) your employer is required to make up the difference. This is federal law. 

https://webapps.dol.gov/elaws/faq/esa/flsa/002.htm
On a paycheck to paycheck basis, yes. On a shift to shift basis, no. 

If I come in, stand there for 5 hours and don't get a single table, that's $2.13 x 5 for $10.66. If that happens a lot, then yes they will have to make sure that my paycheck will be what $7.25/hr would be (my state's minimum wage). So essentially if tips over an entire pay period are less than the equivalent of $7.25/hr, then yes they will pay me the difference. 

But tips are not something that are in addition to wage. They are essentially what we live on. It's either tips or $7.25/hr which is frankly not livable. 
I'd still like a guaranteed one early in the game because it can make a big difference. 
The guy just wanted a home cooked meal but doesn't even know enough about cooking to know that blueberries are not an appetizer. 

The person I really feel bad for in this story is his mom
I'd vote for a 4x scope. More useful in more situations. Instantly gives me an advantage in long range combat but also isn't way too zoomed in for close range. 

8x is nice to have eventually but I'd rather start the game with a 4x. 
30% seems really high. Do you have a lot of bussers? Because if there's fewer bussers than there are servers, the bussers seem like they could be making more than the servers. 
I really like Aloha. That's what we use now. I don't have any experience with DD that I can say for certain. The first place I worked had a garbage POS software that I don't remember the name of. Aloha has been really smooth for me, but yeah it has to be set up right. 
Depends on the level of the pokemon. 

High level weather boosted pokemon? You're a keeper if you're 70% or higher. 

Shiny? Always a keeper. 

It may be possible to increase IVs in the future but not now. 
Huh TIL. My understanding was that Canadian servers were paid minimum wage. 
Oh god I want a log for how long I’ve had this game open. It would be in the thousands of hours, especially if it counted Apple Watch time. 
I’m still getting the error but that’s good news! 

IMO if a single legit account gets banned in a spoofer ban wave, it isn’t worth it. Banning spoofers is simply not important enough to erase someone’s hard work and time. 

I’ve been playing since week 1 and if I got banned I’d be devastated. 
Were you hit with a shadowban a few weeks ago? The big warning saying your account has been detected of suspicious activity or something like that?

I wonder if this is just affecting everyone who was hit with that shadow ban. 

But if you weren’t, this would be a different thing. 

I was hit with the shadow ban and warning and now with this. Wondering if they’re correlated. 
It’s beautiful!
Look at all the potential dittos!
I’ve streamed on my phone and screen mirrored on my Apple TV before.  That might work 
Sometimes I hear things as I’m about to speak and just blurt them out instead of what I meant to say. I think this is absolutely a thing that can happen 
You really just need Mine-con Q&A clips. 
Managers don’t always see positions as “promotions”. You got hired as a host. They want you as a host. Your ability to be a server isn’t useful to them because they want you as a host. You will have better luck at a new place 
There’s always that one guy who’s playing in the shower with the TV on and a screaming kid in the background while a train is going by and also a police chase outside. 
It’s an old meme sir, but it checks out 
In America 10% is like, the minimum of what’s acceptable in the eyes of a server. We get paid $2.13/hour in 47 states. In Canada servers are paid minimum wage, so I assume 10% is fine. In the US, 10% is basically saying “this really wasn’t a positive experience for us and we don’t think you did a good job.” Or you’re just cheap, of course. 
Oh, they for sure don’t 
https://i.imgur.com/KCIkz7f.jpg
Quickly 
22 years old. Nah. It’s a neat concept. But it just seems like a cheap stocking stuffer to me. Except for the robot. But the game part has to be solid and from what I’ve seen, it’s just uninteresting. 
So you’re confirming that there will be no points awarded. The wording was just a bit confusing. 
I give it half points. He was a player at one point and is now making a fuss because he is no longer going to be a player. 

I don’t know the scoring system but this should earn 50% of the points a full player would earn. So still probably a lot. 
People who kill raccoons 
Do you have a picture of the jawbone? I might be able to identify. 
Hey, at least he doesn’t have syphilis! 
That was your tip
Tell them no, you aren’t open. In fact, they are trespassing and they must leave immediately or else you will call the cops. Be deadpan and make them wonder if you’re joking or not. 

And then pick up the phone and start hitting random buttons while staring them down. 
Larger parties are definitely harder to handle than small ones. 1-4 are pretty straightforward. 5-8 are pretty routine as well but require more attention. 8+ is going to take up a lot of my time just on drinks alone, to the point where I’ll ask another server to cover my next table for me because I won’t have time for both. 

I’d like to think that I never feel *entitled* to a certain amount of tip, but it’s always expected and they know that it’s always expected. They’re paying for my service and time. 

The % rule isn’t perfect but it evens itself out more often than not. 

You getting a cheap meal by yourself and leaving a <$2 tip isn’t significant to the server, but the time you take from them isn’t significant either. And yes, lower end servers make less in tips per table, but they tend to serve more tables at once and turn tables over faster. Better service is also expected at higher end places so that plays a factor too. Less room for error and better service should be rewarded and it is. 

For every person who eats a $7 meal and drinks water, there’s someone who eats a $15 meal, orders a beer or two, and a dessert. Those are both pretty much equally easy for me to handle. So the average of those tips is what’s important to me.

If I can rely on 18% tips on average, it doesn’t matter how much one person tips me. It matters how much I sell per shift. I can look at my sales and see that if I’m at $500 in sales, I’m probably taking home close to $100. So yeah, on slow days I don’t make much, but on busy days I do. 

I’m not exactly sure what your question was after all that, but I think the percentage based tipping works out most of the time for most servers. 
Yeah I’m just not familiar with that. You’re probably right, I just don’t know the logistics. 
You have all the experience you need to be a server. This restaurant just didn’t want to have to find another quality host. It’s *really* hard to find good support staff, because they naturally want to be servers most of the time. Where I work we have one hostess who is great, and a lot who are mediocre/bad. When the good one is hosting, the shift is smooth, I’m never double sat, spacing is good, everyone is happy. When the bad ones are hosting there are times when some servers are dead empty and some who have 5 tables. They just don’t know how to do the job, or don’t care to do it properly. Always on their phones or dismissive to customers. It’s really frustrating to see the biggest complaint on the end of meal surveys being the hosts, because that should never be a problem. 

So a good host is really valuable. And finding a good host is really hard. They do not want you to be a server because then they’ll lose you as a host. This is quite common I’ve seen. 

But you have all the experience needed to serve somewhere else if you want to. Apply as a server and don’t accept a job as anything else. 
Yeah her behavior was very bizarre. Wanting maple syrup is normal, but she seems like an odd person. 
Hmmmm. That doesn’t make sense to tip people who weren’t there. We tip the bartender but only at the end of our shift when we run our checkout. We tip 1% of our overall sales (so a few bucks per server). It goes directly from us to them. No pool. I like that because it lets me over tip if I know I had a lot of drink/milkshake orders that shift. 

I don’t know why your restaurant has a tip out for people who aren’t there. 
To be fair, maple syrup is way better than the fake stuff. 

And in North Carolina I can imagine it’s hard to find places that have that. 
Yeah I figured that much, but the tumbling was what I was talking about. It just looked like the tumbling wasn't natural. 
Hey OP if you ever have any leftovers that you need to get rid of, just hit me up. My commission is competitively priced. 
It's not just too slow, it's too clean. Maybe I'm wrong and they just took a ton of different attempts, but it just doesn't seem right, even in slow motion. 
It looks... strange. Like the flips and stuff are too clean. I imagine it's stop motion for those parts and slow motion for the other parts. And of course a ton of different cuts. This wasn't all done in one go.  
It has nothing to do with the water or tea leaves. Of course half a pot of tea *should* cost the same as a whole pot, but if a server offers only half a pot and doesn't explain that it will still cost the same as a whole pot, that's a misunderstanding that is reasonable. If you bring out a whole pot and she only drinks half, of course she's paying for the whole pot. But if she was offered half a pot and was only given half a pot, it's understandable for her to think that she was given a special price for that, even though the cost to the restaurant is virtually the same as a whole pot. 
Everything /u/iagox86 said is right. Do that. She *followed* you out to the parking lot? Was the note not descriptive enough? lol. 

Call the restaurant, and ask to speak to a manager. They'll have the receipt there (the one you wrote the note on) because they have to keep them for their records. Just ask the manager to look at that and then look at the amount you were charged. 

I don't know what they can actually do for you. They might be able to retroactively charge you back the $5. They'll definitely be able to offer you a gift card. 

If the restaurant isn't far away and you have time, it might even be better to just go in and do it in person, partly because of the possibility of the bartender being there when you go in and realize what's going on. 
"Flush for me, peasant!" 
Laziness is even higher 
You handled that well. Nothing really to do about that kind of person. 10% tip sucks but $12 is $12. I just feel sorry for the rest of his family who has to deal with this guy on a regular basis. 
That is just bizarre. It’s not really funny unless it was some sort of inside joke between them or a prank/dare or something. And if he was really a kidnap victim, why would he be taken out to eat? 

Is it possible that Bob was mentally challenged? I’ve had some mentally challenged customers say really strange things to me. 
The difference is that the server offered half a kettle, and didn’t explain that the cost would be the same. 

Especially when a customer is confused about a menu item, it *never* hurts to explain what they’ll be getting and how much they’ll be charged. Especially when you have alterations. This *could* have been handled better. I’m not saying that they should have charged her half price, but it could have been explained better by OP in the moment and it’s understandable why she would think that she’d only be paying for half a kettle after being offered half a kettle and only drinking half a kettle. 
Oh absolutely. It’s impossible to keep it hot 
Yeah it sounds like they were out kind of late but I don’t think anyone is in the wrong here. They didn’t want takeout. They didn’t insist to be seated and served. They were presented with an option of takeout or leaving and they left. 
Getting Mew requires finding a ditto 
It doesn’t matter what the cost of the tea is. If you offer a half order of something, it’s implied that you’re offering a discount. If you say “oh I couldn’t possibly eat a whole BLT” and your server says “we could just make half of it if you’d like” you’d assume that you’re paying less than full price for this. Maybe not a straight 50%, but less. 

Otherwise, what’s the point? Just get the whole sandwich and take the rest home. 
Yep 
I’m dying trying to find a ditto 
Probably because they wanted to sit down and have a meal, rather than go home and sit on the couch and eat. 

Eating out is an experience more than just the food you’re eating. They probably wanted that experience and went elsewhere to find it. 
Absolutely he can. Especially considering we really didn’t have a WR coach before now. 
This is a thing with Razer or maybe logitech. The mouse pad is a wireless charging pad and the mouse charges while on it. 

Honestly I’m not sure how important that is. A single charge lasts months. The chances that your mouse dies the day you decide to take it with you are pretty slim, and charging is fast so it’s not an inconvenience. It would significantly increase the price of the mouse and most people actually don’t even use mouse pads anymore, unless they’re gaming. 
This gets posted here all the time. 

Let me just summarize the comments every time that happens. 

“Classic Apple. Design over function!”

“Actually it only takes a minute or two to charge enough for a days use so it’s not that inconvenient. Just charge it when you get up to use the bathroom or something.”

“They still could have put the port on the front so you could use it while it’s plugged in.” 

“Yeah but the point is that this isn’t ever really necessary and it wouldn’t look as good if they did that.” 


Why even offer to give her half a pot if there’s no price difference? I would have assumed a half pot would be a discount as well because otherwise, like you said, I might as well just get a whole pot and have the extra just in case.  

This lady didn’t know your restaurant’s system but I don’t think you did a very good job explaining it to her and dealing with her. 
Those are not IVs. Those are its base stats. They are different than IVs. 

Base stats increase as the pokemon increases in level. IVs are always the same. 
While I understand the disappointment, what would you have them do? People work *every* day. There are no days where nobody has work. If this was on Sunday, there'd be someone else saying "Great, Sunday. I'll be at work all day." 

What they really should do is have an 8 hour community day. From 10:00 AM til 6:00 PM. Then it would work with more people's schedules. 
That's exactly what I was thinking too. Charmander is your grandparents on skype 
Is that actually true?
They're never gonna tell us the exact numbers. Even the main series games don't do this. 
Then you made a mistake which is still an option right now
I appreciate these counter opinions. A lot of time this sub gets caught up in the hype for a game but these negative opinions have value for providing alternative views. 
It’s alright. Once I realized how trashy this woman was, I knew I wasn’t getting a tip so I put her on the back burner. 

Another incident with a different woman included a child who wet themselves in the booster seat. At the end of the meal she said “oh sorry about the mess.” And left. It wasn’t my table but I wish the server had said “oh that’s no big deal, let me get you some towels and sanitizer to clean up.” 

Some people are just horrible. 
Based on the rest of her behavior and appearance, she’s not the type of person to care. 
Yeah, we have a changing table. 
A mother changed her baby’s diaper *at the table* and dropped the old one on the floor without wrapping it up properly. I’m still furious at her. 
No shoes no shirt no service? 
Just call them and say you’re no longer interested in the job. 
Yeah I’ve gotten that too. I just say “I’m busy with other things at the moment, but I’ll make sure to send your server over.” And then walk away. They are not the boss. I’m helping them. But you will not steal my time. 

If I’m off the clock I’ll just say that I’m headed out for the evening. Again, walking away before they can say anything and pretending I can’t hear anything they say after that. 
Well, sometimes it’s not something that we can really tell. Like, if your fries are cold or there’s no mayo on your sandwich. We can’t really tell that without touching your food; and I never touch the food. 

In your case, the server probably knew they weren’t cooked quite right but was hoping you’d still be happy with it. Some things don’t look right but can still taste fine. 

It saves everyone a bit of trouble if that’s the case. You get your food on time. The kitchen doesn’t have to remake the food.

If it’s a quick fix, I’ll say “hey can you toss some avocado on the salad?” 

If it’s something like wrong cheese on a burger, I’ll bring it out and let them know that we know it’s the wrong cheese. If they’re okay with that, that’s great. If not, they can keep that burger and we’ll have another one cooking for them. I find that people prefer that to having everyone at the table wait longer for their food because one thing got messed up. 
You are given 1 billion dollars and eternal life, but with a stipulation that a super intelligent immortal snail (as smart as a smart human) is chasing you. If it touches you, you die and it gets all your money. 

How do you avoid the snail? 
It’ll take 2 seconds to say, “oh let me grab your server. They’ll be better equipped to help you.” 

So I do that 
Could always install a butt-flap 
This guy definitely wears a fedora and duster. 
I just need to rant for a minute about Reese’s cups. Were invented 90 years ago and in that time they have *failed* to solve the problem of [chocolate sticking to the wrapper](https://i.imgur.com/lrgVOpO.jpg). 

Reese’s, what gives? Because of this flawed design, countless pounds of chocolate goes *wasted* every year. It’s frankly unacceptable. 

If you can upload a video of you opening a Reese’s (at room temperature), peeling off the paper, and *not* having a little bit of chocolate stick to the wrapper, I’ll rest my case. It can’t happen. As far as I know it has *never* happened. The only way I can get all the chocolate is by freezing the Reese’s cup (which is actually delicious. Highly recommend) but I shouldn’t have to do this! 

Get your shit together, Reese’s! 
Nope 
Eh. Not really. They're mostly useless unless you're in the same house as someone. 90% of my interactions are with people who are about 50 feet away. Good luck killing me with a shotgun. 

I've had bots try to blast me in the back and it does like, 5% damage. 


First it's pokemon, then Dragonball Z, and next thing you know you're buying a full sized body pillow. 

The funny thing is that he *loved* Speed Racer when he was a kid. Didn't put two and two together though. 
It's a raid boss right now, so that should help 
I think you should take him up on his offer for a test run. It's a no-lose proposition. I'd also just be interested to meet this weirdo. Then of course let him know that it will not work out. 
They should just do a game of "I'm thinking of a number between 1 and 20." If the scoring team guesses correctly, they get the ball on their own 45. If not, the other team gets the ball on their own 25. 

Each snap thereafter is decided by a rousing game of rock/paper/scissors between the linemen. 
It doesn't exist. 
Nice! This is what makes the quests great. Ability for people who have never been able to do raids to get legendaries 
No, this is the Pokémon juice that gets separated from the candy when Oak grinds up the Pokémon that you transfer to him. 
2018: ruined by some good boys 
“It’s gonna be hard to find a buyer. They’re gonna sit in the shop for a long time before someone comes in with enough money to buy these. Best I can do is $50. I know you’re hoping for more but really it’s the best I can do.” 

*cuts to the seller outside the shop*

“Well I was hoping to make more money off these, but at the end of the day I’m still walking away with more money than I had when I came in so I’m pretty happy!” 
They tricked you in to being a busser by tempting you with a bartender job that they didn’t need filled. 

You’ve proven that you’re a hard worker but sometimes that’s all the management wants. You’re a great busser/runner/expo/whatever. That’s what they want from you. They don’t need you to be just another server because then they’d need to hire a new busser. 


You should look for employment elsewhere. You can fill any role in the front of house, it sounds like. That’s valuable. You’ve reached the most that you can be in this restaurant 
I like to go prone in the grass at the end but it really limits your mobility and ability to shoot. The grass obscures your vision if you scope in, so you have to fire without the scope. And if you get shot at, you’re pretty much dead because you can’t get to cover quickly. It works sometimes but if I can find good solid cover, I’ll take it. 
Not a book, but a series of podcasts. Wrath of Khans by Dan Carlin. 
Depends on how many people are left and how big the circle is. If it’s one of the early drops, people are so spread out that they usually can’t get there in time. And if it drops close to you, you’ve got a good chance. If it’s later in the game (near the middle) and it drops, I camp out and wait for the smoke to stop coming from it and then go get it if nobody else has. 
In meh’ll you have WiFi but it’s really slow and you’re always on the brink of out of range so sometimes it will cut out randomly. 
There is but you’d be tethered to a wall. 


[I AM HERE TO SCARE YOU STRAIGHT!!!!](https://i.imgur.com/aGMn418.jpg)

You know, yes it is disgusting, but it’s a lot more courteous than just shitting on the seat and walking away. 

Some people squat over the seat because they don’t want their Butt to touch something another butt has touched, and the shit doesn’t always make it in the toilet. 

At least this guy made a nest for it so it can be quickly discarded. I don’t know *why* he did that, but if I had to clean up a bathroom, I’d rather clean this one than one with shit on the seat/floor. 
My dad thought that Pokémon was some sort of gateway drug to weeb-land. It was banned in my house. 
Thanks! 
Oh damn I have to watch that. Top Gear or TGT? 
Yes, when I know something is ending and I don’t want it to I definitely get sad. 

I can tell when a video game is good when I get anxious about it ending. I think I was maybe 30 minutes in to Breath of the Wild when I got that feeling. 
I hold trays away from the table for this purpose. I turn sideways and hold it in the hand away from the table. Especially drink trays. Just wait two goddamn seconds and you’ll get your drink. Do not pick it up off the tray before I hand it to you. 
Hello please visit my restaurant every day 

We constantly have screaming babies. 
He would try to create one named /u/Jim_Harbaugh and since it has already been taken, he'd never make an account and just lurk without logging in. 

His favorite subreddit would be /r/Catholicism and /r/GetMotivated 
It was amazing! Bagan itself wasn’t *really* my favorite part of the country, but exploring the pagodas and going off road on a little electric bike was definitely one of the biggest highlights of the trip. 

And Myanmar really needs to tourism, sadly. People are very hesitant to travel there due to the political scene but it’s a lovely country with amazing people 
I was here over the holidays. 

The best thing I can recommend anyone do is rent an electric bike, pick a direction, and ride. Stay away from the big huge pagodas that have a big crowd. Some of the coolest things you can see are in places with no crowds. 

I was in Myanmar for about 10 days and travelled to multiple different places but the best thing I did was rent a bike and ignore tour guides. 

https://i.imgur.com/i19caTq.jpg
The ones with the side cars are death traps 
Ivan the Terrible and his son who he has just killed. 
It could be a mistake that the server applied the wrong tip to OP. If the server has several receipts with them they could mistakenly enter the wrong tip amount in to the system. 

It’s not an excuse but it’s possible 
*Ivan the Terrible killing his son*
To add on to this, Jabrill Peppers wasn’t the best player on our team in 2016. He wasn’t even the best player on our defense in 2016. It was Jourdan Lewis. 
Don’t worry. He’ll put on 80 pounds of muscle and 5 inches by 2019. 
If Don Brown likes him, that’s enough for me 
Heals all the way to 100% without needing pills or energy drink. It’s pretty good but honestly you can get by with first aid kits 90% of the time and popping pills. 
Okay yes it is 
One game I found literally three 8x scopes. One in a building. One from a guy I killed. And one in a crate. I died whiling driving away from the crate when my bike flipped 
The Ancient Greeks had memes 
 Call in to the restaurant and ask to speak to a manager. Explain what happened. Ask the manager to look at the receipt, which should be filed with the server’s checkout slip. 

There’s no reason why they shouldn’t be able to do all this for you. 

I don’t know how they can make this right to you. Maybe they can retroactively reimburse you. Maybe they can give you a gift card. I don’t know. 

Call during slow hours (like, 3:00) so you don’t have a manager who is already busy and doesn’t want to take the time to help you. 
She just didn’t want to look you in the eye after you crawled around looking for her card when it was in her wallet the whole time and she made a mistake of not seeing it. 
You really gotta rethink your comedy routine 
I mean, he wasn’t really breaking any laws other than maybe loitering? He wasn’t obviously drunk. 
https://i.imgur.com/GzUvDir.jpg
No it doesn’t. Saying “nice woman” does though. 
That’s a terrible idea 
They are only sold to grandmothers. At the checkout at grocery stores the clerk will slide a bag into their cart. 

Special exceptions are made if you are a receptionist. 
Well, he was interested in them, not me. 
Makes sense :)
Because none of the people who see this picture and think “yes! What a strong leader!” Will care to fact check or believe other people’s fact checking. 
Like, you just failed. She’s not into you. But you bend over backwards just to *try* to get her to keep talking to you? It’s not gonna happen. Have some self respect and just take the L. 
Right but for 8 player you need 4 Switches because to go online you can only have 2 players on one Switch. can’t do 4 player online with one Switch 
I thought I was looking at two pictures stitched together 

What an odd living room setup 
If it’s one of those, “we hated it” while pointing to plates that were licked clean, I’ll usually just laugh and agree “ha! Yeah looks like you did pretty well!” 

If it’s a question about our menu, I’ll explain it like I have every other time. Just because I’ve heard it a million times doesn’t mean this person has been in before. 
Oh, sure. For high end buffers that makes sense. I was thinking more of like, Golden Corral or Chinese buffet where the servers really only get your drinks and pick up your plates when you go back for more. 

I’ve just never really worked one of those jobs so I don’t know what they’re doing behind the scenes that I don’t know about 
This is unrelated to your post but how much do you expect to be tipped for buffet style service? I always feel awkward tipping after eating at a buffet 
Sure. Some might not matter. 
Because they’re often cooked together and they’re not going to waste their time picking them out for you
1) nobody is saying you should feed your baby a vegan diet

2) nobody is saying you should feed your kitten a vegan diet. 

3) people die on Everest all the time, including 2 other people who she was with who were not vegans

4) I don't know what "The Tab" but according to [WebMD](https://www.webmd.com/diet/features/is-it-better-to-be-a-vegetarian#1) "vegetarian diet can be nutritionally superior to any other way of eating." 

Nobody is claiming that it's the healthiest no matter what. You can be an unhealthy vegetarian. You can be a healthy omnivore. 

You can admit to being insecure about your eating habits without attacking people. 
Alright let's see what it takes to be a 1 seed. 
You have to be in the top 462,500,000 players. 

You're out if you: 

* are a baby

* have a disability 

* are an old person

* have never played sports in your life 

* can't stand up because you're too fat

* use pie charts instead of bar graphs

* have never handled a basketball in your life 

If you are within the age of 15 and 40, you're close enough to "peak" condition to make the grade. If you have ever played basketball before in your life, you are 1 seed. 

If you're a mom who played P-I-G once with your kids, you're a 2 seed. 

that sounds right
"I don't like even the slightest notion of the idea that my eating habits are anything other than perfect with no ethical, environmental, or health repercussions so I'm going to attack vegans and vegetarians and anyone who defends vegans and vegetarians because I'm too fragile to actually accept that maybe they have some benefits." 
Hard to say, really. Could actually be an advantage. 
Not having 3rd party watch faces is like not being able to use anything other than stock wallpapers on your phone. How we have gone this long without them is absurd. 
Anyone who has handled a basketball should be a 1 or 2 seed. 
Anyone between the ages of 15 and 40 who have watched basketball are a 1 seed 
My room was never cleaner than exam week. 
In 8th grade I had a science project where we had to make a vehicle out of recycled materials and make it move 1 meter using some kind of force other than us just pushing it a meter. 

I was having trouble coming up with a mechanism to get it to move, and then one night at like, 3 am I woke up with an epiphany. I knew I would forget it if I didn't sketch it out right then and there, so I grabbed a journal and wrote down my idea with labels and everything. Took me maybe 10 minutes. Went back to sleep. 

I wake up in the morning excited to see what I had drawn, because I did indeed forget it. 

It was complete gibberish. Nothing was at all was sensical. There was a general sketch of a car and arrows pointing in different directions but my actual words were just scribbles. 

So don't feel too bad. Because half awake you might not be the genius you think you are. 
Yes. It's basically a bun made of leaves of lettuce. It's actually pretty tasty but the idea is to cut down on bread lol 
I just don't think Dave had a firm grasp on human behavior. 
It gave my evening some excitement but I can't say that I didn't fear for my life *just a little bit* when he was talking to me. 
Even less if you buy packs of 8. 


I love places like this. I can't remember if it's Pat's or Geno's in philly who has a similar thing. Maybe it's both. You go up to the window and say "cheesesteak wit" or "cheesesteak witout" (wit or witout referring to with or without peppers and onions). If you cannot follow those instructions, the next person in line is up and you have to try again later. 
A lot of places that had pokestops just lured them all the time because $1 every 30 minutes is worth it for the foot traffic it brought in. 
r
I wish it wasn’t a blatant face mask :/ this should have given them a second chance 
Peppers wasn’t even the best player on our defense 
Our RBs stole the show that night but Hudson was unbelievable 
Some use this as evidence to say that Abraham Lincoln was actually an elephant. Lincoln was actually a Republican too, and the sign of the republican party is an elephant. 


In Africa

Sees elephant charging

*Shit what was that saying? Ears out, need to pout, bout to die*

*Fuck no that wasn't it was it?* 

Gets trampled by elephant
These are chunks of the Moon and Mars 
True. Thank god I’ll be able to know the time when I’m out and about!
These types of comments make me wonder if I’m living in a simulation. 

Had a history teacher who looked exactly like this. Wore dad pants. Was divorced. Had a jar of nuts on his desk at all times. 

Was also the football coach. 

How 
What about $1000 per waffle? 
When do it up like Leslie does with whipped cream? Easily $3. 
Sure but Leslie easily eats more than 1 waffle per visit. 2 waffles every other day or 3 waffles every 3rd day is much more manageable. 
Depends on the situation 
Grenade bounces back and kills you 
It’s a decent rifle. 

I like to have one AR and one rifle. If I find a mini, I pick it up. If I find an SKS, I trade it out. If I find a Kar, I trade out the SKS. Obviously any crate rifle is better though. 


Idea
Thank you, Mo


I understand the principle, but 9 times out of 10, any manager will remove that dish because: 

1) the guest will be happy. 

2) happy guests come back. 

3) happy guests tip well. 

4) happy guests don’t make a scene. 


What do you mean by ambiguous? 
They’re just fantastic games. If you have any means to play them, I recommend you do. 

It’s okay to start with Infinite. It’s the best and you need to play it. But the first two might turn you off because they’re a bit more of a horror game. Infinite isn’t really “scary”. It’s just dark. 
How hard is it to make bacon? It sounds like they’re buying pre-made bacon bits... why? Just make some bacon. You can even pre-make it earlier and keep it warm. 
No, it’s still not the pot calling the kettle black because Assad *is* an animal and using gas is inexcusable. 

?
Yep!
That’s fair. I’ve been suspended on different subs for jokes before. Sucks 
Excuse you, I happen to be very funny. 

Please laugh. 
I could give you my word as a Spaniard? 
The SKS, Mini14, VSS, and Kar98 are the snipers you can find on the ground. In crates are the AWM and M24. I believe OP is using an SKS. 

You probably picked up the VSS from what it sounds like. Probably the worst sniper in the game. Shoots 9mm rounds and just tickles enemies. Not worth it IMO. 


The SKS is fine. But I prefer the higher damage bolt action rifles to the faster firing ones like the mini or the SKS. But yeah the SKS is good.  Honestly I’ll be happy with any rifle I pick up but I’d rather have a Kar/M24/AWM than anything else. 
I’m pretty sure the mini14 can be heard across the entire map 
No. If they’re the same age as you you’re allowed to leave them emotionally devastated. 
The difference is that drones are not WMDs. Gas is indiscriminate killing. A drone strike is targeted, and sometimes we target the wrong people. 

Don’t get me wrong, both are horrible, but using gas breaks the Geneva accords. It’s absolutely worse than drones. 

?
They’re going to get commercials in any way they can no matter what the solution is. 
Could waves explain the shaking? 
Yeah that makes sense if you pay at a register. The hostesses where I work essentially do one thing and that’s bring people to a table. They don’t even have a POS in front of them. Just an iPad. 
It’ll come down to our O-Line and QB. 

Games that were within reach last year: MSU, Wisconsin, OSU. 

Games that were out of reach barring a massive comeback: Penn State 

Penn State will take a step back and play in the big house. That’s a winnable game. 

OSU loses Barrett which is a bigger deal than people are making it out to be. They leaned on him a lot when the going got tough. 

Wisconsin will pretty much still be Wisconsin but we have them in the big house. 

MSU will still be MSU but this was the one game we lost that we threw away. We should be able to beat them. 

We can win all those games. It’ll be tough and unlikely but we can do it if we get things moving even moderately better on offense. I think stability at QB is vital. 
This cat looks like he’s been working a desk job that he hates for more years than he wants to think about, and on his lunch break he sees that his lunch has been stolen and he was really excited to eat it too because it was leftover chili that he made in his croc pot over the weekend but now he has nothing. 
But... how do you guys make a bacon cheeseburger? Where do the bits come from? It just seems odd that a place that has a bacon cheeseburger doesn’t have bacon strips. 
We’ll see. I think you’re being a bit too optimistic here 
You’re losing 3 of your 4 best receivers (including Barkley). 

I think you’re understating the losses. 
Yeah. Pretty obvious that this isn’t a sob story. They want a dog of a good breed and genetics and they were hoping that OP was a dumb dumb. 
They had 4 real QBs play. A few other players made a pass or two, but they had Bort, Hill, Brand, and Pigrome take a noticeable number of snaps. 


The better solution is the Schiano alternative. The team who just scored gets a 4th and 15 play. They can punt or run a play. Punts minimize the high speed impacts and a 4th and 15 attempt is approximately as challenging to complete as an onside kick. 
Australian kickoffs
Turtles aren't that smart. 

They eat bags and stuff because they eat jellyfish and they look the same. 

But the biggest reason why this type of packaging is bad is because the loops can get caught around an animal's neck and strangle it slowly. 

I'm not sure making them edible changes that. 
I appreciate that too. I had a customer last week who was going to pay, pulled out a hundred and hesitated. He asked me, "if I pay with this, am I screwing you over? Or will you have enough change left over after it?" The bill was like, $70 so I was totally fine, but I have had people who pay for a $12 check with a $100 bill and then I have to go to the bartender to make change, and they always give me the *scoff* "you know you're supposed to carry your own bank, *right*?" Bitch of course I know that. I got cleaned out. 
Men: ensure that the seat is raised when you pee, and ensure that it is lowered when you shit. 

Women: ensure that the lid is lowered when you pee or shit. 

It's really not that hard. 
IDK. The only major player they didn't lose on offense is McSorely, and he relied on his TEs and receivers to catch the rainbows he tosses up. If they reload well, they'll be fine, but those are some big shoes to fill. 

As for Maryland, they're a sleeper who are going to ruin someone's season I guarantee it. 

Matt Canada is a fucking huge hire. 

How many QBs did you guys go through last year? 5? That's not going to happen again. You're going to have a good QB and if you can keep him healthy, you'll be fine. 
Oh, I get it now. I understand k-pop. 
But just imagine the look on their faces when you tell them! They'll be in complete shock! They're gonna do *whaaaat???* 
Well it'll be a surprise when they tell them that they're doing an onside kick
In the B1G East, I think Penn State will take a bigger step back than people are expecting. They will be 3rd or 4th in the east. I consider that underachieving based on their expectations. 

Also in the B1G East, I think Maryland will overachieve. They came last in the east in 2017. I think they'll jump up to #5 or #6 overall in the B1G. 

In the West, Nebraska will achieve. I think they'll have a year that isn't great, but is at the very least going in the right direction. They'll have a promising but not earth shattering year. 

Wisconsin will win the West again and it won't be close.
Why don’t we just ask the kicking team if they plan on doing an onside kick.  And if they say no, the ball is placed on the 25. Lets just cut to the point. 
That’s really not acceptable. You should tell them that you’re looking for other jobs because they aren’t taking this seriously. You’re serious. This isn’t okay. And if they’re going to keep ignoring it, you’re gone. They probably won’t act on it but they should know why you’re leaving. 
Yeah California is one of the few states that requires servers be paid minimum wage. 

If I had to choose just minimum wage or just tipping, I’m choosing the tips. But it’d be nice to have both, obviously. 
This is in the US so not at all a misprint or exaggeration. 
You’re a good owner 
Hey man, I’ve had people ask completely seriously if we have any beef burgers or if they’re all ham burgers. 
Exactly. So I don’t see why we have to tip toe around the wording. She was raped. 
Don’t 
The rape isn’t even what’s in question here. It’s whether or not MSU tried to suppress her after it. 
She cussed you out and probably stabbed a voodoo doll a few times. 
But Denard was hardly the problem 
Oh, same. 
That's a game that would be on the Big Ten Network, wouldn't it?


I know it's going to keep happening, but can we not make these games about the head coaches? Michigan v ND is interesting for more reasons than their coaches. It's a historic rivalry. Both teams have big question marks at their QB positions. Can ND reload after their good 2017 year after losing a lot of starters? Can Michigan build on the good that they had in 2017 and add an exciting offense? Will their new coaching hires be a factor?

This is going to be an exciting game and none of that has to do with the head coaches. 
Here's how it's going to go. Both teams will look great at times, and both will look terrible at times. It will be a win of less than 10. Neither team will find much success this season. 
Both our coaches will be perpetually on the hotseat according to non-fans
And if no side can provide evidence, then MSU will be innocent. But as of right now, before any evidence has been made public, I'm not going to just assume that they are. 
Yes, absolutely. I need evidence that she wasn’t persuaded to not take legal action by her counselors/therapists. 

This has nothing to do with MSU for me. If this happened at Stanford or Nebraska I’d still feel the same way. The only thing the name of the university is doing for me is telling me “hey, maybe don’t give these guys the benefit of the doubt when it comes to rape coverups.” 
It is relevant whether or not she was raped, because if the rape is in question, it brings even more doubt to her story. If she *was* raped, it makes her story more credible because part 1 (being raped) happened. Part 2 (being warmed by her counselors not to report the rape) is still in question, but if we can establish that she was in fact raped, that’s one less thing that we have to determine. 

And so far, it doesn’t seem like MSU is disputing that she was raped. So I think assuming that she *was* raped is fine at this point. 
I don’t think that this court case is about whether or not she was raped. It is still okay to be upset that she *was* raped. 
Do you think it’s okay that 3 men on the basketball team raped someone? 
[Cancer can take away all of my physical abilities; it cannot touch my mind, it cannot touch my heart, it cannot touch my soul, and those three things are going to carry on forever.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HuoVM9nm42E) 

-Jimmy Valvano 1993 ESPY speech
He was lingering around. He said he was open to the possibility of returning to Michigan after he said he was going to leave. In my mind that meant that he wants a starting job somewhere. If he could get it at Michigan, that means Patterson can't play. But since he's now left for UCLA, that means he probably doesn't see a future for himself at Michigan. And if he can't win the starting job at Michigan with Harbaugh who he has started for for 2 seasons, that just means that he's positive that Patterson is going to play. 
The difference is that this requires an in person visit. And actually that's not true. Getting prescription pain meds is getting increasingly harder because doctors know that they're being abused. People still do it and often get away with it, but it's getting harder. 


How am I going to watch Illinois vs Iowa now? 


How hard is it to just go into the woods and smoke, and not ever have weed on you except for when you are going out into the woods to smoke?
When it gets in the way of things that you care about. 

A wedding? Shit, I'll look for any excuse to not go to that. 

But like any addiction, it's only bad when you start missing out on the things that make life worthwhile. I'm thoroughly addicted to caffeine, but it doesn't really matter. I just drink a coffee when I wake up and a diet coke or two later in the day. 

If you call in sick for work to watch college football, you have a problem. If you can't hang out with family because you're watching college football, you have a problem. If you stay up til 2 am watching PAC12 after dark, you have a problem (sorry PAC12).  
I think you should ask the GM about the carryout policy. If it's your responsibility, and you don't ask them to do it, you shouldn't have to tip them out. Where I work, whoever is on the expo line will box up the order and bring it over to the bar. The bartenders will hold on to them until the people show up to pick them up. The only time a host is involved in this process is when it's super slow and the host comes back to the line because they're bored.

I don't think you owe the hosts more of a tipout than you already give them, unless you ask them to do this duty for you. 
There's tipping in Australia and are you converting from AUD to USD? 
Hey, server here. 

This is pretty much how I feel. I've had a few customers who have had conversations with me about tipping, and they were honest. They didn't like tipping, and they plainly told me that they weren't planning on tipping me. I'm never the person who will argue with a customer over a tip. I know the deal. Sometimes people won't tip. It happens. But the biggest point I wanted to make clear to those people is that if they don't plan on tipping me, I hope they are doing something to change servers' wages, because if they're not, this isn't helping anyone and it's only hurting me. 

I understand that some people are just against the concept of tipping. I understand. But if you're not calling your representatives or senators or whoever the fuck, what are you *really* doing? Until there's actual legislation in place that guarantees servers a living wage, not tipping is only changing how much the server takes home at night. It isn't changing the culture. It isn't a warning to the restaurant that they should start paying me more. It's just money out of my pocket. 
Because tips are still expected in California, Oregon, and Washington. In fact, customers still tip an average of 18% in those states because it was only recently made so that servers made minimum wage. 

I believe this to be caused by culture not catching up to new laws, and state laws being unique to these states that people may actually not know about. 

If this was suddenly a national thing that we're just going to pay servers minimum wage, it would be more widely known and in a few years tipping would likely decrease. At least that's my suspicion. 

I've personally visited countries that don't tip. Service exists, but it's not as good as you'd find almost anywhere in America. In the UK for example, I routinely received what I would describe as terrible service. Drinks (even water) would sit empty, you'd get 1 visit after your meal came out and then when they had the check. You might not see your server for 10 minutes at a time anywhere on the floor. It's not good. 

Some countries have tipping *and* minimum wage. Canada does that. I think Australia does that. Probably more too. I'm not sure. 

That's something I'm fine with. But ultimately I make a good steady income from serving that I wouldn't make on just minimum wage. I get to work fewer hours, I get to work better hours, but I bust my ass when I'm at work and I believe customers are happier for it. 
If you think they're cute now, you should have seen them a couple of years ago
No, because you're denying the accusation. Their statement didn't prove that they handled it properly, because they included no statements from the counselors, which (from my understanding) are who Jane Doe is saying persuaded her to not seek legal action in fear of retaliation from the press, student body, fanbase, etc.  
Care to link that FAQ? I couldn't find it but if you did I'd like to see it. 

And that's what I was curious about. How much do they care about the survey? If you essentially BS the survey, will they still give you the drugs? Is they survey more of a formality than a medical appointment? 

So yes, if they give me drugs after I filled out the survey in the way that I did, this is a dangerous company. Because then any idiot with a credit card could purchase a prescription drug. If you can fake your age, you can buy boner pills. That's not a good precedent to set. 


You can absolutely release a statement that was better than what they released. It's so easy. 

"we deny the allegations that Jane Doe has stated and we will not be making further statements to the media about this." They didn't need to go through the whole process that she went through. Why do that? You can just make a quick statement saying "This didn't happen as they say it happened. We'll be fighting this in court." and then shut up about it. 
New legs

New spine

New collarbone 

He's more machine than man now
You're not stingy. $7 was an overtip. 
They do not ask for an ID. They ask you to enter your birthday. 

It's like sneaking into a porn site when you're under 18
oh fuck you're right
Yes, they do. So far it has only been women. I think they just want to have a collection in their purses. Or maybe they thought it was theirs already. I don't know. But yes they do. It's okay though. I have probably 15 shitty pens. 
Go in when they open one day with your resume, let the host or bartender know that you'd like to leave it with a manager and if you could, just introduce yourself. They might set you up with an interview for a following day. 
I have a pocket full of shitty pens that I give to customers. I'll find them under the booths or on the ground or sometimes customers will leave them at the tables when they leave. I scoop them up. When I drop off a check, you get a shitty pen. You don't get one of my "nice" pens that I use to take orders. When I say "nice" I mean a clicky pen with a grip that writes smooth and costs $5 for a pack of 3. I made the mistake of giving one to a customer to sign their check. Bitch stole it. No more. You get a shitty pen. You need it for 5 seconds. You'll survive. You can even take it home with you. I won't be upset. But you don't get one of my good pens. 
They didn't fire him because the manager doesn't want to go through the trouble of finding a new busser. 

You can quit if you want but I really don't know why you would. This guy is a dick but the wallet indecent has no effect on you. He didn't steal from you and he was dumb enough to brag about it so it got corrected. You can complain to your manager that you feel like he doesn't work hard enough and it's putting more work on your plate. That's a conversation worth having. But quitting just puts you out of a job and leaves him with an even more stable job (can't fire him and drop down to just 1 busser). 
Spiderman put in the time fuck put in the time motherfucking built shit from his bare hands
I mean, really we should be good. Right? Let's assume that Patterson can play. He's seen success at Ole Miss. He's already been there. He's a poor man's Johnny Manziel. 

Brandon Peters has also had a bit of success. While he was really only challenged by Wisconsin, he held his own. He made some mistakes but Wisconsin is a good team with a good defense. He was asked to do *a lot* vs SCAR. More than any QB had been asked to do this year in any other game. It was a mess. But I don't think it's indicative of how good he can be. 

McCaffrey is a player who has to garner interest. We really don't know much about him, but Harbaigh coached his brother and he turned out great. You have to think that Dylan has a bit of that.

Our biggest QB issues in 2017 were with O'Korn and Speight. Neither of them are with us anymore. I think we're going to turn over a new leaf this season with fresh QBs. 
I’ll be making a post here when I hear back. Probably tomorrow or Saturday they say. 
Here's how it works. 

You make an account. You say how old you are (they do not ask for ID verification of any kind). You place an order. They charge you for the order. You take a questionnaire asking you a few medical questions. Some pertain to the product *you've already bought*, some are just general medical history questions. 

A doctor reviews the questionnaire.

I've went through with this. I just placed an order for sildenafil. I said I only had premature ejaculation, not ED. I said I was older than I am (you must be at least 25 to place an order). When they asked for my blood pressure, I said "it's good." When they asked me what stresses I'm going through, I said "life." Essentially I gave them the bare minimum. We'll see what happens. I'd like to know if I get my money back if they say I'm unfit for the prescription, otherwise I paid $25 just to fill out a questionnaire. 

If they send me these pills, this company is a sham. If they charge me $25, this company is a scam. If they refund me and do not send me pills, that's reasonable. 
Why can’t we assume that she was raped? She’s saying it and the school isn’t denying it. 

But either way, fine. *Allegedly* raped. 
I think you’re understating how hard it can be to come forward with rape allegations even under normal circumstances. And this would have been nationally televised and a massive media presence. And you really can’t understand why she didn’t come forward earlier? She had to withdraw from school due to the mental trauma of being raped, and that’s without being public about it. 


I’m just wondering if you know for certain that MSU handles this correctly. Can you tell me that for a fact? 

And even if you can, even MSU isn’t denying that she was raped by 3 members of the basketball team. 

I’m just not sure what you’re defending or why. 
2 of the people in this picture are dead. 

Feel old yet? 
They said that they have proof that she’s lying? I don’t think they said that. In fact I don’t think anyone is refuting the rape at all. MSUs statement said that she was provided with information on how to take legal steps, but she never pursued them. That’s in line with her statement that she was warned not to pursue legal action by her counselors in private counseling sessions. 

If I’m mistaken, please let me know but that’s what I remembered from their statement. They didn’t say she was lying, they just said that they followed proper procedure and she didn’t pursue legal action. 

Honestly I’m not sure who is right at this point. She could be trying to get a settlement. But Michigan State is not an entity that is worthy of benefit of the doubt at this point in time in relation to rape coverups. So I believe her until I see evidence that shows that she’s not telling the truth about how Michigan State handled the situation. 
He’s god good grades. Smart kid. I’m sure he’ll qualify academically. 
Wait no come back 
I hope so. Speight was hanging around to wait and see if he had a chance at Michigan. Him leaving makes me think Patterson is a go 
He’s got new legs 

Magic legs 
It’s a situation 
Good for him! That’s a great move. Good luck! 
If they wanted a quiet settlement, why would they make a public statement?  
Yeah I can see how there could be a nuanced difference in the wording of what counselors said. Is warning about a big public ordeal different than persuading her not to seek legal action? What is the responsibility of a counselor? How strongly did they stress the publicity that this trial would bring? There’s a fine line and I’m not sure anyone knows enough at this point to have a well informed opinion except for those immediately involved in the case. 
And that’s why statute of limitations exist. But she is within them, so you should not be prejudiced to her case simply because she’s waited. If the evidence is there, it’s there. If it’s not, it’s not. 
I wonder what documentation they have that she feared retaliation. 
I don’t think their stance has been “trust us”. It’s been “we’re going to be laying out the evidence in proper procedure and we will not be conducting this lawsuit through the media.” Which I think makes sense 
Why do you feel that something is taken away from her waiting? The statute of limitations was about to run out, and she was faced with a decision. Speak out or remain silent forever. So she spoke out. I don’t think she has anything more to prove than any other rape victim. She needs to prove that she was raped and she needs to prove that she was persuaded to not seek action by the university. 


Jesus fucking Christ. This is a shitstorm. 

I’m not picking sides, but I don’t think MSU’s statement yesterday claimed she *wasn’t* raped, just that she didn’t do anything about the rape until now, even though she was made aware of her options. 

We’ll see how this goes. I know how hard it must be to come forward with something like this and I don’t blame her for not seeking action earlier. But if she was really warned away from seeking action by those who were “helping” her at the university, that’s terrible. 

What a horrible thing to happen. 
Hey, I'm a few days late but to answer your questions, 

1) We weren't super pleased with Speight. He did well enough for us in 2016 but I don't think he ever really recovered from his injury and he had a problem with overthrowing receivers. I think a lot of us wanted to give O'Korn at least a chance, especially in these early games that we should roll through without issue. We knew that we really needed to have our QB game on lockdown for teams like MSU and PSU and I don't think many of us were confident in Speight. So obviously it was sad when Speight got injured, but I was hopeful that O'Korn's performance in the Purdue game would be indicative of the rest of his season. It was not. 

2) I'm really not equipped to answer this question. Pep wasn't the big issue at least IMO. He had some good game plans but really our biggest issue was the OLine who let two QBs get injured. Drevno was not a good fit for us and I think he was out of his league acting as the OC. 
Yeah it was. We pretty much all knew it was bad immediately. Thankfully he’s seemed to fully recover. But yeah he got knocked out. Pretty much summed up our season pretty well. Couldn’t catch a break 
After watching this I’m even more convinced that we need to conjure a spell to physically keep Don Brown in Ann Arbor for the rest of his life. 
I think that’s sort of what I’ve come to understand about every program.  There’s no monsters. There’s no jerks. The vast majority of teams are just a group of guys having fun, and the color of their jerseys really doesn’t matter. The only reason I hate OSU is because I was born a Michigan fan. They’re not a group of criminal thugs led by Satan himself. 
No not really. He just voiced the cyborg photographer 
False equivalency. 

Making an analogy that doesn’t fit and then saying dhow stupid that analogy is, therefor your argument is bad. 

Pay attention to how many times people use analogies in their arguments and really try to consider if they’re good analogies or not. 
Just a bunch of pans in a field 
What if the real Heisman trophy is the friends they made along the way?
People used to be very short but had very long fingers. Now people are tall but have short fingers 
A gay customer left me their phone number once but they also tipped 
What’s his solution? 

I see him poking holes in a few arguments in favor of tipping but what is his solution? He says it himself, service in America is better than Europe. And “the customer is always right” is a function of tips. I want this group to be happy so they tip me at the end of their meal. I will go above and beyond to make sure they’re happy. 

Here’s what I see happening if the US abandons the tipping culture that we have and offer servers wages instead. 

1) menu prices go up. You know how you don’t want to pay at the end of your meal for a tip? Well you’re paying more up front and it’s non-negotiable. You’re paying this server’s salary one way or another and it’s going to be more than a 15% increase, it’s going to be probably closer to 25% to account for taxes and slow times. 

2) service will be worse. If I’m already being paid $12/hour, what do I care if you’re happy? You’ll get your drinks and your food and a check in but I’m not going to bend over backwards for you

3) good servers will be harder to come by. A good server is going to be taking home a good chunk of money at the end of the day on tips. If a good server and a bad server get paid the same, the good server is going to find a better job where they don’t have to be running around for 6-8 hours a day and dealing with entitled customers. 

So really, what are people so opposed to tipping for? Yes, it’s not really an “option.” You are socially obligated to tip. You can deal with that *or* pay more for your food and get worse service. I just don’t see why people are so against it. 
I think probably drugs are a hell of a drug too 
Yep. That's the only game I was angry after. Penn State I sort of accepted after the first few minutes. Wisconsin I was hopeful for until Peters went out, and then I was just sad. OSU I was in a bit of disbelief that we were even hanging around. But MSU we really should have won. If we don't make 5 or 6 mistakes, we win that game. Even if we take back 2 or 3 of them we still probably win. We had their number all game long. They could barely get anything done on offense but we let them win because we made too many mistakes. It's just frustrating to lose that way.
Imagine all the worst Michigan opinions that you see on Reddit, and now imagine that there are people who have even stupider opinions and that they all congregate in one place. That one place is MGoBlog. 
Why do you say that? Isn't that a pretty common story for college athletes, especially ones that will probably go pro? He's all in on football but he knows that he has to have a backup plan. School doesn't come naturally to him, and he has to work hard to get through it. He's a great subject to focus on for academics because it shows that side of things. 
In the way that a human fears a pair of scissors. "hey this is completely safe and we should be fine if we don't trip and fall face first on them while they happen to be pointed straight in the air." I'm sure Penn State didn't overlook Michigan, but I also think they knew if they played their game, they were going to win. 
TBF that's what we were all saying. I was ready to hop on the Korn train and root for his big redemption drive, but he immediately let us down, and I actually have to thank him for that because otherwise we would have been holding out hope that we could still win only for him to throw a pick in the endzone. So I'm glad he just got that out of the way early. 
Welp. Guess I gotta play again 
I'm not there yet but I'm sure it was. It was a devastating loss. We came in expecting to win. We thought we were the better team and there are key instances where you look and see where the game went wrong. Interceptions. Fumbles. We *had* them. How many first downs did they get in the second half? We shut them down. But we couldn't make it happen on offense. So disappointing. 
Are those bokoblins riding bears? Why have I never seen that? This in Gerudo highlands? 
I'm only in the second episode but I like it a lot more than I thought I would. I like how it focuses a lot on the players and their lives. I'm not excited to see the games we lost, namely the MSU game. I didn't want to watch any part of that game a second time, but I'll get through it. 

Mostly it's just interesting to see how a blue blood program conducts its business. 

Also, I like Harbaugh a lot more. 

It's been really good so far. Amazon did a great job. 
Same. I haven't really felt the need to upgrade to a newer watch because they all look the same as the one I have, and frankly I don't use it for much more than the time and notifications. So the series 0 is fine for me. But I'd upgrade to a watch with a bigger screen with smaller bezels. 
If anyone is curious, I have this game on the 3DS and Switch, and I can tell you confidently that I prefer it on the 3DS with the 3D turned on. Yes, this game is a 2D playformer, but the 3D effect that they implemented is beautiful. It works *really* well. I’m not a big fan of 3D but I always use it for this game. 

The D-Pad is also better but that’s not the main reason for me. 
Man, people keep saying how easy it is to solo Machamp but I only have been able to do it once and that’s including using other legendaries like Mewtwo and Rayquaza. 

You *really* have to be perfect with your dodges. But his attack animation isn’t that obvious and most of his charged moves are multiple bars, so they happen frequently. 
Before TMs were a thing, I evolved 3 machamps and never good fighting moves. I wanted to die 

But now I have 3 good machamps, so I’m happy 
He’s *decent* if you don’t have many dragon or ice type attackers. During the rayquaza raids I’d bring one at the end with dragon tail/stone edge. Aron are pretty common and Aggron won’t faint too quickly so it’s good to use as a tank. But yes, there are certainly better options when you’re including mostly legendaries in the discussion lol 
Were these patrons by any chance younger than 2 years old and teething? 
[Just because you dress like everyone else doesn’t mean you’re competent](https://i.imgur.com/Rrr738M.jpg) 

(Although I’m sure he’s a very good boy) 
This is all true, but if she was really raped by 3 members of the basketball team, that’s absolutely noteworthy. 

MSU isn’t saying she wasn’t raped. They’re saying they took the proper steps to get her help and she didn’t pursue them until now. 
Net necessarily. You don’t put the entire hamburger in a toaster. 
>most 

source? 

The one that I guarantee you and the other guy are talking about is the "spicy" Italian from Subway. And it is by its own admission, a variant on the Italian. 

Pepperoni is typically an *option* for Italians, but it won't be added automatically if you order an Italian hoagie. 
“Bad shot u got lucky” 
His response: “fucking lucky”

Luck you suck diiiiiick
This is acceptable. 
Yeah, you’re telegraphed for a second when you jump. It can work, but it can be better to just serpentine. 
It’s absolutely something that *can* be done, like avocado in a BLT, but if you go to a deli and order an Italian with no modifications, you won’t be getting any pepperoni. 
This has nothing to do with a sports rivalry. A woman was (allegedly) raped, you asshole. 
What, you don’t turn your papers in on the due date? 
Just the bread? Sure. The whole sandwich, even without the greens? Nah. Sometimes a cold sandwich is refreshing when I don’t want something hot. 
I don’t think this refuted what she was saying, does it? Didn’t she say that her counselors essentially told her to let it go because “you don’t want to go through the trouble” of a lawsuit like this with the national attention it would get. 

I think she knew the rights she had. But was urged not to pursue them by the counselors. 


You’re right that this is dumb. But there’s an agreed upon recipe for certain sandwiches. The Italian is one of them. That is all 
GET THIS PUCK SHAPED ATROCITY OUT OF MY FACE 
*You have been banned from /r/CollegeBasketball* 
A traditional Italian does not include pepperoni. If it does, that’s a modification


First of all, Italians don’t have pepperoni on them. 

Second of all, two different animals. 
If the rest of the sandwich is hot, it’ll still get the greens hot. 
Eh. I’m sure it can be good, but the rest of the sandwich is hot and it’s going to make the lettuce all gross. IMO some sandwiches are just made to be eaten cold. Of course people have their preferences though 
Meatball sub? Toast that shit. Italian? Nooooo. If it's got greens in it, leave it cold. 
Could have done that too but I’d need a manager to make a made up price for the system. 

I feel like a lot of the time people try to order these weird things that they know we don’t have in our system. “I’d like a bottle of ketchup as well.” “Can I just have some celery sticks instead of the wings?” “I want fries but can you melt cheese on top of it?” 

I mean, yes we can physically do all those things. But I don’t necessarily have a way to charge you for that. 


Depends on the sandwich
While I appreciate your neutrality, not every professor grades blind. And even if you try to not take that knowledge of the student being disrespectful into effect, it’s still in the back of your mind, and subconsciously it may have an effect on how lenient you are with the grades. Of course if you grade everything blind, that’s not an issue. But not everyone does that. 
It really just takes one person being nice to turn a day around. So thank you. On behalf of that worker and in advance if I ever serve you. It makes all the difference 
Honestly just chalk that table up as a $0.00 when they sit down. Give them the bare minimum and that’s it. 

Nothing you say will get them to tip. They know you want tips. They get it. They know what they’re doing. They’re assholes. 

They’re showing you no respect. Return the favor. They get their drinks when you decide. They get their orders in when you decide. They get their food out when you decide. 
If the restaurant is at capacity and the servers aren’t getting new tables, then yeah it costs the servers money. It is what it is. You shouldn’t feel obligated to compensate the servers for that, but yeah if tables hang around for a while it’s less money per hour. 
You may feel that way, but this is the job. If you’ve got the table space, you’re going to fill it up. 

It sounds like what you really have a problem with is staff on duty. If you had enough servers, you’d be fine. That’s a conversation worth having. 
I’m not a social person. I really like to stick to myself and am quite introverted. But you’re gonna have to learn how to fake it. Fake your confidence. Fake your outgoing personality. Fake your friendliness. Seriously you’re going to have to work at it. It’s not going to happen overnight. 

Sometimes I’ll have a hard time putting that mask on and people will think I’m being rude or I don’t like them. I’m not. I’m just not bullshitting them. A lot of my coworkers are naturally friendly and outgoing. But if you’re not that way, you’re going to have to learn how to fake it. And it does get easier. 

You’ve also gotta make friends with your coworkers. You’re going to help them out, they’re going to help you out. You’re not going to be well off if you’re on your own. You’re going to need someone to pick up a shift from time to time. You’re going to need to lean on another server and ask them for help. So make friends. That helps a lot. 

Also, make friends with the cooks. It’s easy for cooks to resent servers. They’re back there sweating over a stove and you’re out laughing with tables. And you usually take home more money. Take the time to get to know them.  Say please and thank you when you ask them for things. 
It is what it is. I wish we could have a more perfect spotting technology. Like sensors in the ball and under the field. That way we don’t have to rely on imperfect camera angles. 
I swear every time we have the chance to get a first down and put the game away, we don’t and we give the other team just *one* more chance. And it has hurt us at least once. 
Nah. People put way too much on spring games. These coaches *barely* know the new players. Nobody is looking at this and going “you know that Joe Milton kid doesn’t look so hot.” No. They’re just getting their bearings. This is like a first date. It’s really not indicative of anything 
It functions as decoration 
Calling during busy hours? Not a great idea. Find listings online and apply through that listing. 
It’s not an easy job but its absolutely one that you can do with no prior experience. You’ll be trained and you’ll take a bit of time to get a hang of it but serving is plenty of peoples’ first jobs. 
Why do they release recordings of their streams and then edited versions of those recordings a few days later? Do people really watch them twice? 
Sorry Michigan. Gotta make room in the schedule to play against Notre Dame and Washington. 
Eh. Spring games are really useless IMO. I would have watched but you really can’t clean anything from them. 
If you ever want to die, just hop on a motorcycle with a side car. 

100% chance to flip 

https://gfycat.com/EveryTightGlobefish
Also, just get a fucking first down and end the game. 
Why do all our backups only come here to play school? :(
It wasn’t a bad spot. And it wasn’t a bad call. And it wasn’t the wrong decision to not overturn it. 

But all those things would be true if they called him short. There’s really not enough evidence to say that he was definitively short or definitively over the line. 

Doesn’t make me any less salty about it haha
As far as I can tell, the hype for Harbaugh *is* real. After 2 seasons he had us in the playoff conversation. 2017 was a wash because of injuries and an overall young team. Anyone who thinks Harbaugh hasn’t turned this program around already is out of their mind. 
Such luxury! To be able to wipe with a slab of marble. It’s a thing most men can only dream of!
But Nintendo games have beautiful graphics 
Thank you for putting in the time to make this 
Wait. 
It needs to be in a box. This may have been mishandled here, but it should never have been in that envelope. 
It seems like republican whackos have an advantage 
Something about the term “chili juice” makes me want gag 
In the same sense that if everyone is vaccinated, it doesn’t matter if you’re vaccinated. It *will* matter if enough people feel the same way as you. You’re relying on other people to vote like you do just so you can take the day to not participate in the greatest event in our democratic system. 
This is why they do this. Because if you don’t have an option for hamburgers, you can’t buy a cheaper option. And for what it’s worth, 90% of people want cheese on their burgers. Most places don’t even have a separate option for hamburgers on the menu. 
If you can’t inform yourself before the election, you are indeed a dumbass. I only give a pass to young people who just turned 18 who really can’t be bothered to think about politics. If this was your second election or more, there’s no excuse. 
I don’t. But historically republicans benefit from low voter turnout. 
“But I didn’t like it” 

“I’m sorry about that. Would you like to order something else?”

“No.” 

“Okay, is there anything else I can do for you?” 

“I don’t want to pay for this.” 

“I’m sorry that you feel that way.” 

*minutes later* 

“Why is this still on my bill?”

“We’ve been over this” 
Almost half of voting Americans didn’t vote. Period. Not for Hillary, not for Trump, not for anybody. 

And of the ones that did vote, enough are fucking dumb enough to vote for Trump. But the ones that didn’t vote are even dumber. 
I think it’s good for people to have early success though. It makes you not want to quit immediately 
OP I’m in the same boat as you. There’s nothing out right now that makes me want to play my Switch in every free moment. In the past that has been Zelda and Mario, but for the past few months I’ve really only been playing Rocket League and Enter the Gungeon. I think I might go back to stardew valley soon though. 

What I really need is a Pokémon game. 
I always pictured this spot to be the cliff we’re you run to in the opening cutscene. Iirc there’s still a view of dueling peaks from there. 
One lady comes in every now and again for take out. 

I’ve seen her before but this was the first time I had taken her food from the kitchen to the bar (where they pick the food up). When I drop her food off, she asks for a cup of our peach syrup. You know the stuff you put in iced tea that costs $12 a bottle? Yeah, she wanted a whole to-go cup full of it. I told her “I’m sorry ma’am we can’t do that.” She lost her shit. She said that the bartenders had been doing it for as long as she’d been coming here (they had! They didn’t realize the cost of those syrups). She demanded to speak to a manager, which I was glad about because I didn’t want any more to do with this lady. The manager told her what I told her and was shocked that the bartenders had been doing that. I’m sorry lady, you can’t use us as your own personal peach syrup supplier. 
I get a 50% discount so the days I work the evening shift and just go home tired I’ll bring some food home so I don’t have to think about making food. For like, $5 it’s worth it. 
Hsgondud
It was *almost* there. The Wii U us like, 80% what the Switch is. 
Sudowoodo is an elite Pokémon 
I couldn’t care less. It’s a nice gesture but sometimes they’re just teetering there and I have to re-stack them before I can carry them. 

If you want me to take them away while you’re still sitting, it’s a good sign that you’re done. But other than that it doesn’t matter much to me. 
Adidas fucked Michigan too. Not so much in basketball but they completely changed our maize to neon yellow. 

Good luck Washington 
Well that sort of goes without saying. But if you don’t have a decent scope, you really should be using ARs. Better fire rate for close/mid combat. 
This is a great way to handle this! Emulators definitely give people an advantage but I don’t think they should be banned. I’m glad that this is the solution that you guys came to. 

Honestly it’s refreshing to see such a well managed game these days. Of all the games that I thought could be an easy one to mess up, PUBG Mobile is pretty close to the top of the list and you guys are hitting it out of the park. 
What case even? Why do they care if he plays this season or not? I just don’t get why they would fight this 
The VSS is the only sniper that I pass on when I see it. Sure it’s silenced and has a scope, but it just tickles enemies. If I’m using a sniper, I want them down in 1-3 shots. My favorite pickup is the Kar98. Being able to tear through helmets is really useful. Mini14 is good too as well as the SKS but I’ll drop either of them for the Kar. 
 Like most people are saying, the holo is big and clunky and takes up a lot of screen space with its structure. The red dot is much simpler. So when you’re ADS you can see better if you’re not already trained on your target. 
Okay but they’re worth it. That shit is so good 
She didn’t care *who* took the shift, just that it got taken. She asked you to do it and offered you money. You asked the other bartender to close and offered him only the promise of future tips. 

I feel like you don’t necessarily owe the other bartender money, but I’m not super comfortable with what you did either. 
Just do it in an airplane hangar 
10 months in a restaurant is plenty of experience to apply for a server position.  Just knowing how things work is a huge step up, and having experience with guests is great. 

Your managers seems to like you, despite having to let you go. I would take their recommendation and apply at that other restaurant. If possible, apply for both a host and serving position to make your odds better. 

If you like to be busy, you’d probably prefer being a server. 

I’m sure you’ll land somewhere. Restaurants are always looking for servers. 10 months working in a restaurant is great experience and a letter of recommendation is even better. 


You sound terrible and I’m glad those people didn’t tip you 
I believe it is legal. But that sounds terrible. 6 hours per week? Not worth it. Use your other 22 hours to search for a new job. 
Fun fact: since the globe is round, there is no “other side” because there are no sides to a sphere. 

Unless you mean the *in*side in which case yes, they have fantastic pilots beneath the earth’s crust and the greedy mole people won’t share their secrets with us! 
I guess it depends on the place but if o have to serve let’s say 15 people across 3 tables, those drinks are only getting made so fast. If I think it might be a few minutes before I can get to table 3, I’ll just say “hey guys I’ll be right with you” while I’m walking by. 

