A poop knife for each bathroom. 
Can someone tell me the difference between the 55R615 and the 55R617?  I've found exact specs on the 615 but can't seem to find anything on 617.  Is it just the fact that one is sold by BestBuy and the other by Amazon?
Check account and post history, might help explain some of it. He's either got a couple of broken crayons in his box or is a cringey ineffective troll. 
Not exactly. The reason humans would turn to stone is because of the Diviner metal that was in the crystals. When Jiaying was telling Gonzalez about growing them she said they could never quite get all of that out. Radcliffe and the Doctor (Fitz) were able to grow terrigen crystals that weren't contaminated by the Diviner. 
If you're an unchanged inhuman you grow a husk when terrigen hits you. She didn't. Therefore not inhuman. 
Korg. 
I'd think 46 but since these are unstructured it might give you a bit more room and you'd possibly be fine in a 44. I've tried on some Ludlow suits before and 44 was incredibly tight. The 44 I got is way too big, like approaching 2 inches too big. But I haven't been working out in a while so shoulders aren't peak. 
Which ones are which exactly? I've had my eye on these since the Dappered review in March which says they're unstructured cotton-linen. They specifically reviewed the gray one which on JCrew site is listed as stretch cotton. I'd prefer the gray but think I'd rather have cotton-linen over stretch-cotton. 

Also, I've actually got 2 of these, 1 in deep water (the blue that looks a bit gray, and gray). Does anyone find the armholes to be set a bit low? 
Which of you vultures took the last gray 42L? 
God damn
Going to Pentagon City tonight, will check and let you know. 
Yeah, not seeing it. 
Yeah, I could use context too. 
"ritual of burning wood but watching the fuel go up in smoke had come to"

I did take off an "-ing" at the beginning. 

From Tartine Bread if anyone wanted to know. 
Well I know what I'm doing tonight. 
They're pics/video of people leaving a stadium after a soccer match. 
Thanks
As /u/briandfd said, please share here! 
One verse,

One chorus in the bag

Now it's time to talk to the ladies

I'm hoping my Southern charm offsets all these rape-y vibes I'm puttin' out

Whatever Seth Rogan's character's name is from the Interview is trying to get past Raymond Reddington (James Spader from the Blacklist). I think I'm safe. 
Well duh, most of his posts are on /r/td
Why do those look so much shinier than the pics on Nordstrom and most of the sites I see them on?

Ninja edit: says Made in Bulgaria.  The Nordstrom one is Made in United Kingdom
Hey man, still loving the site and been going to way more different types of events.

I do have one request.  Would you consider linking to a non-Facebook link when there is one? It seems, at least for the events I'm interested in and click on, that when it is a Facebook link there is a separate website or Eventbrite linked in the page description. I've always kept Facebook browsing to a separate contained browser and with the current news about them I know a lot of other people are moving towards ways to limit what FB can see or delete their account all together. 
Gonna pm tomorrow morning. 

For those who happen to not join this I'm looking for a roommate for the same Rosslyn-ballston area. 
Yeah, I basically live in DC. My only problem is not knowing whether to go to the White House so he knows people are pissed, or go to Capitol building so Congress knows people are pissed and they need to have impeachment proceedings. 
Much easier. The first time it disappeared on me my phone screen time out made it dim and it worked but not nearly as well as with the dot. 
No, it isn't. Unless you get in on one of the 3 hr holdovers like a day or so ago. 
So what is it like going to an event like this? 
Holy fuck. That's hilarious. 
This is one parks and rec joke I've never seen. Which there was a better video than the one someone's been looking in this thread. 
Still does. When I was there 2012 a kid tried to slip his hand in to my pocket because I'm obviously a foreigner. But being 6'3, decently strong, and noticing what he was doing grabbed his wrist and lift him into the air. He squirmed and I checked I still I had my wallet and phone then dropped him. Meanwhile a cop standing 20m away walks over but the kid is gone by the time she gets there. She asks if I lost anything and since I hadn't says there's nothing that can be done. 

Tldr: gypsy kids still pickpocket a ton. They also still pull the newspaper trick. 
Both actually. I'm a 42L at Suitsupply but the Ludlow is a little tight on me. But they only had that size in the brighter color. Not sure if I'll like it so I ordered the other grayish blue at 42R to check color. I really probably need a 44L so I'll most likely end up returning both of them.

Or...maybe see if I can finagle my way into exchanging at JCrew, but shhhhh, I'm not sure if that would work. 
JCrew unstructured linen cotton suit is available at Nordstrom for $160 total, 40% off. Limited sizes and 2 colors though. The page is being difficult with items going in and out of stock so I called and a rep was able to help place an order for the size that I wanted. Hopefully it fits. Or JCrew won't notice me trying to exchange in store. 
... seriously? The fuck?
As others have mentioned, Big Hunt. They have a free show at 8 on Wednesday and Thursday. Friday and Saturday have paid shows with a free one after. I've only been to one paid show and didn't like it that much, thought the $20 for that specific comedian wasn't worth it, but have heard first hand that other ones have been. 

The free shows all have at least decent talent, the later people will be better. The people that aren't as good are normally newer or still have at least a good joke or 2. Plus it's relatively short sets so if one is bombing they'll be off soon. 
Dude, you're killing it with that site. I'm liking the updates to it's ux and good content still keeps coming. 
DC? 
"turns out the soulstone was actually just sharktales on DVD"

"Remember that time Phil dunphy was in the Incredible Hulk? Neither do I"

Fucking great. 
Also free comedy shows on Wednesday and Thursday at 8, 1 hr after HH, that are normally pretty damn good. 
Be mine - Robyn, specifically an acoustic version she does. 
I might just have to steal this for the back of mine. 
If you haven't found one already BestBuy has the 2017 for $50
https://www.bestbuy.com/site/google-daydream-view-2017-charcoal/6123014.p?skuId=6123014&ref=199&loc=TM20TXf59aU&acampID=1&siteID=TM20TXf59aU-YupUPDN8potwE7mo7Q9S4Q
Thanks. Gonna share that some more. 
Would've been hidden from Flynn. 
Definitely interested in watching the completed product! 
Your shading is impressive. 
Try being from Columbia, the District. We have some dumbass people in this country. 

https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/dr-gridlock/wp/2017/12/22/yes-tsa-is-still-getting-confused-by-district-of-columbia-drivers-licenses/
Holy fuck. IDK how I missed that. 
Thank you, but do you have anything stronger? 
Think enough that he'll accept a 500k offer? 
Honestly, have half a mind to see if I could purchase it. Sweep for bugs then update the hell out of that tacky place. The location is really good for 834k
It still is for Old Town Alexandria. I would've expected from just the location to go for 1.2+
Mr. Brightside - The Killers
I mean, yes, not hiring someone based on skin color is racist. But "culled"... you're a worse racist and a terrible human being. 
Because you're treating (not hiring) someone based on their skin color and gender, aka racism and discrimination. 
Fuck off. Most white people haven't done any of the stuff that some people seem to think they should pay for. Just treat everyone the same. 
Yeah, I have friends who live right down the street that I'm over at their place often, cop is always there. 
I honestly have no recollection of seeing it. I could have but will have to watch after work, aka this 5 hr meeting to end. 
Wait, I've never seen that. 
Ah. I thought that's what you were doing. But wasn't sure if "contour integrals" was make up term. 
Making a math joke about "less fractions = less cumming"
Integrals normally help me too. 
So that if one side of the grill is hotter than the other it makes sure both sides of the meat are getting the same level of heat exposure. 
Everybody goes to Arlington Cemetery and turn our backs on DC. Honor the people who actually sacrificed for this country rather than the one who betrayed it. 

Ninja edit: imagine if as much of AC, the surrounding paths, bridges, and banks of the Potomac were filled with people facing away from the parade. 
That's what my friends and I were saying. "we'd have been dead way quicker than that."
Like so? 

https://youtu.be/FfOY8qpiWVo
[Nordstrom wool (%51) blend bomber](https://shop.nordstrom.com/s/nordstrom-mens-shop-wool-blend-fleece-bomber-jacket/4921386?origin=category-personalizedsort&fashioncolor=GREY%20CHARCOAL&cm_mmc=Linkshare-_-partner-_-10-_-1&siteId=th9ILo5LtqE-OKk8M9MntENw3AjcG6Hhpw) for $71.40
I've made garlic parmesan before. It's absolutely delicious. 
Only a couple of clips in terrible quality, but here http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x3ipgsy
I can't seem to enter home or work address. Any able to? 
Solution, don't call a Pool when you want a car to yourself. Lyft offers the same service with Line as well. It's entitled assholes that try to save a few bucks then bitch when someone else gets in the car. 
Not sure. Personally, if you said it to me like she did in a joking manner, especially after just saving my life, I'd be perfectly fine with it and probably laugh. 

If you're harrassing me because I'm white and how I took people from Africa as slaves, I argue saying I obviously didn't, "well your ancestors did", I'd get a bit mad in the you're making a terribly bad argument type of sense. 
Alternative titles...

"Ooo, I brought friends"

"What are these idiots doing..."

"Ca-can you not?"

"Works like a charm."

"Stop making noise."

"I was just driving the car around."
Have a template? 

Ninja edit: I like this one more. 
Ah, that could be. I'll ask an employee next time I go. 
As /u/chefr98 and others have mentioned Gin Joint, attached to New Heights restaurant in Woodley is a great place for gin (obviously). It's small bar with about 8 seats at the bar and another 2, 2 person tables. 

District Distillery on 14th & U is great as well. Downstairs is normally quiet, different from most of the bars in that area. They have very good gin as well. You can also do a Distillery tour and tasting of their facility. I got to try their 3 gins, a grappa, vodka, and whiskey  The latest tour starts at 8 I believe.

Both Gin Joint and District Distilling have great bartenders who are fun to talk to but don't invite themselves too much. 

Quarter & Glory is right across the intersection as well and pretty good. Though it does get louder on weekend nights. 
Didn't know they had live music during the week. 
Dude, awesome site. Great job curating events and giving relevant info quickly. 

With the volunteer stuff, do you know how does the volunteering and then attending work? Or is it attend solely as a volunteer?
Hmm, I've got it working but it seems it easier to get front facing shots to be clearer. Could be that I'm just being a moron with trying to focus when taking selfies with rear camera. The coloring is also very different between the front/rear. Rear almost seems washed out a bit. 
Hmmm, I've had it installed for some time and the rear camera wouldn't ever take a picture, just flash the viewfinder like it was but never save it. Trying to uninstall then regrab the apk to make sure I'm on current version. 

How do your side by side comparisons look? 
This is still only for the front facing camera, correct? 

I've had this modified apk on my oh Pixel XL and it is amazing but would love to be able to use the rear camera as it's a better camera. 
There's also web wrapper apps that you can use and still access your messages. 

I use hermit and the shortcut on my home screen shows up as Facebook and it works wiite well, still uses the mobile template. 
Be mine - Robyn - https://youtu.be/OCtvP0pdPoA

Gives me chills every time I watch this video. The lost hope in her eyes is heartbreaking and reminds me of the obvious. 
You mean round 3, right?
How much do you typically make after all expenses have been paid? 
Holy fuck. Sometimes I wonder how people who can think like this manage to run a subreddit. 
I did something similar to this last week. 2 of our 4 crashed and glitched out and the closest edge of first circle to us was in gatka, we were in mylta. Myself & other teammate alive took bikes and went suicidal. We were driving in circles around the fields and he started getting shot at 4 a 2 house complex. I turned and drove straight towards it...well I ended up driving straight into a house at full speed and ran a guy over. I can only imagine that their squad was laughing as I came out of the bushes 10m from them honking that bike. 
They killed a new sheep before the one already being harvested was finished. The meat decays and you lose some so it went to waste. 
Thank you, I was having the same issue. 
Both US political parties. 
I like people like you. 
Got a video clip of him saying that? 

Edit: nvm, realized it's a Twitter post, not him literally sayibg it live. 
Omg, my head hurts from the first 3 comments. 
DONT SAY CHIN! That gets people jutting out their jaws. 

You want them to move their entire head towards the camera. Tell them to imagine the point directly between their ears and move that towards the camera. It works for face on shots as well as shots from other angles. 
I literally have no words. 
His dick is tiny.

I followed your no a, e, o, or u.
I recently gritted my teeth and finished season 4 then started through 5. It starts out better than 3 or 4 but then it plummets again. Not worth it. I stopped after like episode 5. 
Fuck that. Wish her the best but don't put yourself through that. I'm all for being nice to people but don't do things that will make you miserable. 
I'm 6'3 and a medium fits me perfectly. They're longer than usual but that's a good thing for taller men. 
Clipping and unclipping is fine if one person. But in most cases there would be dozens if not hundreds working to fill sandbags to stop major flooding. Goes quicker to not have to do that. 

There would also be traffic cones readily available to a major operation that probably has gov assistance. 
Because you'd have to clamp and unclamp each bag. Much easier to just have one person holding a bag under the cone funnel while another shovels into the cone. Way quicker. 
Not well lit. It's downstairs from the street and has no windows, low light, but slightly less crowded than a lot of other places usually. 
Yes. There's also tons of fpp clips on this subject too. I'd guess that more tpp get to /r/all because it's more casual. Competitive is basically all fpp and majority of top streamers play fpp too. 
You can play first person only servers.

 Much more rewarding when you hear someone approaching and time perfectly time your firing to start a moment before they come around the corner so that they come out and your bullet is already there. 
Nope, no collusion here. 
Any hint of when it will be ?

Reverse overhead for chicken dinner? Yes please. 
Wtf, I didn't expect to see Warner on that list. Usually have only called VA senators to thank for their support of a bill but it'll be a different conversation this time. 
I used to live across the street in the Odyssey building. Had floor to ceiling windows like that in my bedroom and could see the entire mall from my bed. Once I put my glasses on at least. 
I used to live right up the hill from that truck. It's seriously good. I'd even see a line of Latinos at it relatively often. 
Thanks for making me snort at the office. 
Bwahahah. 
I was still yelling that she needed to use her powers more because without she still should've gotten wrecked. 

Also, how does Sinara have her powers? 
Nerfed(?) the kree? 

I agree, though as has been pointed out, she'd do better than a normal human even without using her powers. 
Only 2 that I remember are Captain America and Shield. Like all Shield themes, generic one, the kree/temple/weird writing one, Hydra, etc. 
Nice. 
Holy fuck, that seemed to natural for him to not be serious. How does he not realize what he said?! 
Would like pm link of the red dress if you don't mind. 
Nope. Now go find an overpriced bar ticket. 

Or this https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/going-out-guide/wp/2017/12/20/where-to-find-free-new-years-eve-parties-in-the-d-c-area-2/
I agree. I also thought the steak just wasn't very good. 
I've had 2 friends get turned away at the doors for wearing sneakers and we're all white guys. And these were actually ok looking sneakers, not bad looking *insert whatever brand here* ones. 
Everybody's got a gimmick. 
ty
Oh damn, I didn't realize we had to thank the same person for the Mentalist and Gotham. 
Wait...who gave us the Mentalist? 
Yes, it's better when they're smaller. More of the crunchy exterior. Also, toss 1 tsp or so in the boiling water. It let's them become even more crispy/crunchy. Look up Kenji Lopez recipe from serious eats for the best way to do this kind of roast potatoes. 
Smaller specialty cooking stores will have it. Whole foods might as well, maybe Wegmans. 

Ninja edit: or here Rougie Duck Fat, 11.28 oz https://www.amazon.com/dp/B003HKXNWM/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_0OepAbJHN53Y4
Kinda wish you had used the SpongeBob "ah, my leg" audio but still laughed too much at work watching this. 
Oliver Queen in the Arrow seasons 3-6. 
Don't watch more than a second of it then. 

Or at 9:30 am Dec 21, 87k down voted... unfortunately 975k upvotes. 
The mole hill who lifts? 
To edit 2, I never really thought about him but if he does run and beats any progressive in a fair primary I wouldn't be voting for him begrudgingly. 
Election fraud! Not voter fraud. 

Someone illegally votes -> voter fraud. 

Someone illegally tampers with votes or voter records -> election fraud. 
What about Mr fantastic?
Damn. 
Demi-swan
Whatthefuck.gif or 
Thatsnothowanyofthisworks.gif

How could anybody think that this product wasn't a scam? 
Stop, you make it sound so romantic.
I stopped watching 2 seconds before he came up and was going to post that he should've been included. Glad I saw your comment so I went back and watched the entire thing. 

Kinda wished he or another man would've been included on the cover though. 
Wait... What? I haven't seen anything about that. 
Last time I went in the winter it was about 15 years ago when I was a teenager. I thought it was pretty cool and really want to go back now. Might make a date out of it if a nice weekend day comes up sometime soon and I can get someone to go out. 
I totally forgot about that! Loved going there as a kid. 
Happen to have a wider shot of this? 
I think I need to go buy something else from Patagonia now. 
It's literally thicker than her forearm. 
Lol. As others have pointed out, swiping while tired. 

That was supposed to be fly by my face. 
Swiping whole tied. 

^ ^ that was on purpose btw. 
Ouch, yes it was. That's what I get for swiping when tired. 
Literally just happened to me and a friend. Duo on top of the police station in Yasnaya and my buddy killed one, I shot the other a few times then got downed. I crawl to the side of the building so he can't shoot me and my friend starts getting me up because we figure he's got to heal. He stops when we hear footsteps coming then he comes doing of the roof and crashes down. As he does this I think I see something for by my face but friend kills him then starts to res my...boom... Oh, so that was a grenade.  
whatthefuck.gif
Don't know, but I just got a $25 one 2 days ago. 
Oxford Whale Dessert Shots 2
Shield airs Friday, let's just do that. 
Hottest romance, yes. But greatest romance has to go FitzSimmons. 
Wait...what? They're trashing/threatening his wife? 
I'm trying to catch up on Are, Flash, and Supergirl before I watch the crossover. I had stopped At after season 4 because even that was bad. In the first few ~~episodes~~ minutes of season 5 I wanted to slap Felicity. Then she goes on to say that this team, that Oliver could probably beat in a fight with both arms and 1 leg tied together behind his back, is better protection that the SPD and the ACU? Wtf. 

Flash also got pretty bad imo at the end of season 3. Barely managed to make it through the last 3 or 4 episodes and was yelling at my TV the whole time. 

Legends I've consistently watched as I felt like it was always not great writing but still light hearted and fun from the start. Arrow and Flash just started out well then went to shit. 

And Supergirl, I've only watched (most of?) season 1 so need to go back and get on that. 
I'm sorry, you missed including Agent Carter, Shield, Daredevil, Jessica Jones, Shield, Luke Cage, Shield, Daredevil, Shield, Iron fist, The Defenders, the Punisher, Runaways, and (after this Friday) more Shield. Could also have more that come out in the spring. 
Yup, exactly. This past just got me to look at my feed, which I haven't in weeks because it's useless and it's even worse. I have packages from Amazon and monoprice that should have a card for tracking but don't. I literally have 14 stories that half of them barely make me do that little exhale of them mildly amusing me, and the other half I've already read. I also can't even see 2 full cards on my Pixel XL. Then finally I have this tiny weather card after scrolling all the way to the bottom that has barely any info on it. 

I'm turning this nonsense off. Or going to look into how to get the old Google Now back with a separate launcher. 
And why the hell can you not swipe the stupid articles away anymore?! 
Complete coincidence. We noticed "testshroud" in the kill feed. Once they killed us I pulled up his stream. 

I need to go and watch his entire game to figure out exactly how close we were. 
Edit: Because someone asked, I wasn't stream sniping, we noticed the "testshroud" in the kill feed. 

Hell yeah it was. I got killed by Justin towards the end, my squad coming up the hill, 2 friends go to shrouds right and get picked off, I hit either shroud or Justin and almost had a great grenade on them.

Didnt engage them until that point. We were just behind them the entire game. Left rozhok right about when they left school and were seemed to be following by about 200 meters or less for the rest of the game. Good to know our strategy was good, ya know, except for the whole following shroud thing. 
I actually found those like an hour after commenting! But thanks for the info! 
Is there a good place to watch these? 
How did you figure that out? Nvm, I see how simple the pattern is now. I shouldn't try to follow things within 5 min of waking up. 
Ok. I've been wanting some open backs or planars for some time now, ever since listening to a friend's audeze.  So that along with you had the m560 in each category reassures me that they are the better overall choice for me. Which is good because I already ordered them. 

I also already have a desktop mic that I primarily use for gaming & light recording so I'm not worried about the mic. 

Ninja edit: I also watched the video you linked and got sucked into watching 2.5 hours of headphones reviews & further explanations. I love you for that.  
How do those compare to the msr7? Debating now between the m560, msr7, and Sennheiser game zero special edition. Will use them for basically everything, including gaming, but I do notice sound difference between good and really good headphones. 
Love you
Basically. 
Thanks for pointing that out. I realized what the whole thing said but love quotes like this to try to drive it home to people. Thanksgiving should be interesting. 
I've got a $20 pair that last 6.5. 
I'm a weak man. 
Ok, did not know that, fair enough. I'm still leaning more towards it wasn't as bad as she tries to make it seem. 
Seriously? That's it? I saw the one of him "groping" her but he wasn't even touching her. Thought that this kiss would be worse but it literally just looks like a rehearsal for a skit with a kiss in it. 
Just...damn. 
You can't explain that. 
God damnit Barry. 
$103k now. 
Haha, if I don't have an AMOLED screen I'd be mighty tempted.. Still am
You're doing good work. 
Additionally, does anyone know if this is possible to do with Google Home?
Ty, on bacon reader and the formatting guide wasn't super close
I'd stake my ~~life~~ boner on it
So uh, who do I need to boycott? Ya know just so I can be sure I avoid them. 
If I could do gymnastics like them I'd be in such good shape. 
Where's that? 
Good call, easy call. Still appreciated. 
Ty. 
https://m.imgur.com/0mw1I8e?r
I'm hungry and willing to pay. Wild boar is delicious and if we hunt them as a control measure the meat is just a bonus. 
I wish pubg had mines. 
Ty. 
Got through to 11 and loving it. Will be downloading on my Kindle when I get home. 
Only bulbs. It's a battery operated remote with 4 buttons to turn on, brighten, dim, and turn off. 
That's the new one that just opened, right? 
Sorry for only getting back to you now. I won't be going to the air&space party thing. I looked at the music today and it's not really my preference. If there was 1 live band I'd like I'd have gone but it's all dj/dance music. Hope you have fun and I'm willing to go to anything else like this that has almost any type of live band. 
I...I didn't even realize that was him. 
Oh man, this looks like a blast. I'm a maybe, kind of already have plans but looking at moving those now.

Might also have another 1 or 2 join me and you'd be welcome. Or I'd be going by myself and in the same boat as you. 
Time to catch up on it so I know what's going on when he comes in. 
Thank you. The size of it was throwing me off. 
The Burlesque at Blackjack & Tilt sounds interesting for Sat night.  Happen to have any idea if there will be a cover?  And rough idea for drink prices?
The one thing stopping me is that I like ones with a hose on them. 
Thank God. I was terrified there for a moment. 
Wtf, are those tweets by Kelly legitimately him? 
Aw shucks. 
It's adult version of the floor is lava. 
John Constantine or Daisy Johnson. I'd say I'm all set as long as I'm not a demon or android. 
That doesn't fit with why Capt can't normally lift it though, he's a soldier and almost doesn't know what to do with himself when he doesn't have an enemy to fight. 
I used to always ask for a couple of extra paper wine bags from trader Joe's. Makes a perfect single serving of popcorn. 
The microwavable popcorn bowls are like $8 on Amazon. They make enough for me to feel like I'm eating a nice size snack and the lid let's the steam out in the microwave.

 Pop it in for 1-2 min depending on amount of kernels and power of microwave, a little salt, some parmesan, and parsley, and oh man is it snack time. 
Man, I'm just watching Cheers straight through for the first time and am dreading getting to the finale. I've seen episodes here and there so I know generally how things end but still, I feel like it's gonna be a sweet sweet moment. 
Me Before You. 

Only one that tops that for me is About Time but it's already been mentioned. 
It's probably my favorite emotional movie. But I don't think I'll ever watch it again just because of how I watched it and the thoughts it brings up. I still have my dad around and know when he's gone I'll absolutely never watch it. 
Damn do I miss calling like this. 
Thanks. It's 2 am so I'll have to save this for later. However terrible it is I kind of feel the need to see how terrible it was to get more of an understanding of it. 
In response: http://dcist.com/2017/10/a_sermon_for_dc_brunch.php
Ah, a Seventh Day Adventist. 
Well you're not getting on your knees to pray, but it is for something. 
Chromecast audio can fix that right up. 

When I use Google Home with mine or Chromecast TV it even lowers the volume on the Chromecast while the Home is answering. 
As others said, luck. I had the same until Monday at least. Didn't use it yesterday and then just checked after this thread and I have the new one. Most frustrating thing is you can't swipe away the stories you don't want. 
You need the speech bubbles coming out of the other side of the elephant. 
Mind sending me a pm with the false info as well? 
I haven't seen any pictures yet (because I haven't had a chance to look). Did that actually happen? 
Yeah, I'm not here enough to remember exactly either. 

But I figured I'd mention the little I do know since I noticed someone down voted your post. And it looks like someone has down voted my comment as well. They seem to be a little pissy. 
Haha. No worries. I need xl so no go for me. 

And just you're aware I believe there is an occasional thread for buy/sell/trade, you might try posting in there when it comes or if this post gets deleted. 

I'd also advise trying to sell in /r/malefashionadvice as a lot of people there like high quality clothes and would jump on an Outlier linen shirt for $40. 
I wear 33s in both but find the futureworks sizing a little less consistent. The 32s were too tight on thighs so I went with 33. Of the 3 FWs I have the Navy is noticably looser. 
Swam in mine with exofficio boxers on underneath. After getting out I wrapped a towel around my waist and patted some. That got them comfortable to still be wearing while relaxing out. My shorts were dry about 30 min later, and boxer briefs were dry with the butt still being ever slightly damp 10 after that, completely dry 1 hr after getting out of the water. This is also at night with no sun. 
Size? 
I mean, he did decide to put the majority of his body out of the window of a moving vehicle, and it doesn't look like it's going real slow. 
At least in the county in VA I grew up in, school nurses aren't always actual nurses. There is a nurse that is in charge of the department then each school has a clinic room aide. Being a registered nurse helps them get the job but isn't a requirement. They handle meds, basic cuts and scrapes, and calling 911. 

That said most of the clinic room aides are good. 
I used to hate the FAB button when it first came out. But now that I have this messages update on my (new because 6P) Pixel I was so confused as to why I wasn't opening up a new message because muscle memory has me going there and I thought my thumb was just blocking my view of the button. 
Well, you just gave me some hope for my week long SF + full day hike that I'm going on next week with a new synapse 25. I haven't done a trial pack yet and have only tried to figure out how packing will go in my head.

I think I can tell from the pics, but would you mind giving a slightly more detailed packing list? 

I'm wondering how easy it will be to swap boots into bag when I'm wearing my sneakers. Since I'm doing a day hike I won't have anything like the Patagonia jacket or overnight hiking stuff. I'm also not bringing a laptop. 
Can anyone recommend a good pair of inserts for boots? Mine seem to have stretched out a bit too much and for some reason there's one spot that continually pinches the bottom of my foot, can't figure out why. 
I recently got the wooly Henley and like it quite a bit. Compared to outlier ultrafine it's not nearly as soft, but still perfectly fine. The one thing that does bother me is the tag on the outside hem. I just haven't taken a seam ripper to it yet but it looks like it'll come off easily enough. 

It also fite my long arms pretty damn well.  
I do that but backwards. I have kitchen 1, kitchen 2, kitchen 3, living room 1, living room 2, living room bar as the light names. Then I have them all in the downstairs room on the Home app. 
I just miss the speakers 😢
I'm coming to SF end of the month for a week and still trying to find a light jacket to bring. The only one that I have that's light enough would Levi's commuter jacket (long arms so it's the only denim one I've found that fits my body and sleeves. I just bought a couple of bomber jacket from JCrew I like the look of. Could you recommend any other lightweight jackets in the sub $200ish range? In any of those styles you mentioned except blazer which I already have. Going for casual to business casual. 

Also, if I'm packing super light would you say 2 pants and 1 shorts or 2 shorts and 1 pants? 

Also, will I be out of place with wolverine 1Ks on? Thinking I'll be bringing those and a pair of sneakers. 
Going to San Francisco in a couple of weeks. Anyone have good recommendations for a lightweight jacket? I live in DC and the only jacket I have for that 60s/70s and breezy is a denim jacket. Was looking to get something a bit better to dress up as I'll only be bringing the 1. 

Looking to spend less than $200, prefer lower end but don't have a problem paying for style and quality if I'll get the use out of it. 
I don't remember the name of the show, but I think it's a Canadian one that has an 8 minute single shot scene of a school shooting. It's been posted before but it's God damn heart stopping. 
What about Mirage? I heard that game has a player base now. 
Who does run that? 
Plus they're pretty tasty. 
Gin Joint is an easy walk from there. Smaller place with about a dozen seats in the bar area. It's below new heights restaurant. 

In case you can't tell by the name its good to like gin if you go. 
I'm 6'3, 190-195 depending on recent diet, 42/43 chest, 32 in JCrew pants and 33 in outlier. 

I bought L at first and the shoulders were too small for me in the shoulders but fit well otherwise. I ended up buying XL and washing/drying to shrink it some and it fits way better. It does stretch out with wear but I just pop it back in the machine for the next wash. I bought an ultrafine and runweight beginning of May and they're still going strong. 
Exactly. A martini should have gin and saying a vodka martini is one thing, but you need vermouth in there or it's not a martini. 
> “The Ambassador’s Martini” is made straight up, with dry vodka and three olives.

Martini my ass
I wish I had found this earlier in the year. Guess it'll have to make do as a nice send off for the warm months. 
Nope, not quality wise, though now that I think about it I might have dried on low. They shrunk in length and width, I honestly don't remember exactly how much but I can measure sometime soon and let you know so you can compare vs online measurements. 

I actually still do this every now and then because as I wear it the shirt does stretch back out some. I normally hand wash every few wears or after getting sweaty. I got the XLs beginning of May, did the initial machine wash/dry, and have done it 2 maybe 3 times more times since then. Keep in mind when I wear t-shirts it's been these or maybe 3 others, these being the most. So they have gotten a lot of wear. I've worn the runweight for hiking, running, boating, kayaking, and have work both sitting around BBQs and fires. Hand washing has gotten any dirt or sweat stains out of both of them, as well as whatever funky  stuff is in the Potomac river water in DC. 
Have you tried shrinking the M at all in the wash? That's what I did with mine. L was just a bit too tight on my shoulders so I ordered XL and washed then dried on medium heat and it fit me just about perfectly. I'm 42 or 43 chest, 32 in JCrew pants (wear NWS 33 which fit perfectly and futureworks 33 which are a little loose on me but 32s are spandex on thighs and don't leave anything to imagination), 6'3 and 190-195 depending on gym and how far from my last lazy streak I am. Measurements included so you can look at outlier sizing and get an idea of what I mean. 
How does it compare to the 6P for pictures and video? 
Thanks for pointing that out. I was real confused about the level I thought the airport was at and it not having every plane that'd be sitting on it's runway turn into a boat. 
Whatthefuck.gif
Frontier, but their size is very similar, 9x14x18. I figure with the synapse at  9x13.4x20 it's so close they won't even notice. Especially if it's on my large frame and not bulging. Which from everything I've read about this bag it doesn't. 
According to frontier when I booked my ticket I'd have to pay $30 each way for a carry-on. There is a separate description for the size of a personal item as well. This is a budget airline that I got a $116 round flight through so I get why there's the extra fee even though it sucks. 
[who?](https://media.tenor.com/images/0466286ca36748dce582d06bf77e86ca/tenor.gif)
That's what I was seeing. But I also read that I'll drop 20-30° at night and just not 100% sure what to expect. 

Does the material look overly technical in person? I'm planning on using this as an EDC bag when I'm at home and obviously for everything if it's the only bag I bring travelling. So it could end up as a hiking day bag too. 
Ok, gotcha. According to their website the dyneema/halycon is only 6 oz lighter than the ballistic. I'm mostly concerned that the dyneema will get roughed up and holes in it more easily. 
Hmm, interesting. The weight wasn't something I was terribly concerned about as the difference is only 6 oz. 

I have a daypack that I think is similar to halycon that I've used a decent amount and it now has some holes in the bottom of it from scraping on rocks during hikes. 

Is the halycon real similar to hiking packs? Such as the osprey talon 22. 

Someone else responding said it looks like Jansport material, would you say that's pretty accurate? 

I guess I'm just not getting a good idea for how think and sturdy each material is. 
I'll be up in SF proper for the most part. Maybe some down staying closer to the coast in the south, up to Napa at some point, and a slight chance I try to go for a hike somewhere but with the footwear I'm bringing that most likely won't happen. 

I think I've figured out what shirts, pants, and shorts I'm going to bring, the thing I'm trying to figure out is jackets. I have a Patagonia nano puff that I love but I don't know if that is a bit overkill. Or I could bring a lightweight hoodie and a denim jacket. 
Which is the dyneema material? It looks like right now they only have the hacylon and ballistic ones.

I personally like a lot of the colors they have available but am leaning towards black. 
Yeah, if I have time I toss them in the toaster oven for a bit, but sometimes I'm rushing and just don't. 

Though I've mostly cut out carbs so haven't bought them in quite some time. 
Hell yes to the Costco part. So light and buttery. Though I'd like a bit more of a cruncy/crumbly bite to the outside. 
The main thing is you hold them at completely different angles. Cartridge you hold the handle 30°ish from your skin and pull along. With a safety you're around 70-80° because the blade is positioned entirely differently. 

I've been using a safety for 2.5 years, paired with a clipper because I keep some beard. Use the razor on upper cheeks and neck. I cut myself with very minor knicks twice when I was first learning and then one other time a few months ago when I had been drinking and in a little more of a rush than I should have been. 

I bought a standard safety handle, decent boars hair brush, sample pack of 40 different blades, and prorasso shave soap for about $50. Find a blade you like best, different for everyone and sometimes better after an initial shave with it, and buy a 100 pack for $10. You can go years on that. 

The downside is you start buying different scent shaving soaps for different seasons and start to have a problem. Then you buy new handles and brushes, and if you are married it can start overshadowing your wife's side of the vanity. Luckily I'm not married so I have an entire countertop and bathroom space to myself. 

Check out /r/wicked_edge to save money, and then use it all later. 
Do you happen to have an image without the logos on it? And if you do and don't mind, I'd love to use it and make a large print of it. 
Since you seem to know all of the gay places in DC I've got a question or 2 for you...

One of my good friends is gay and when a group of us go out we sometimes go to one of  the places you listed. He also sometimes has 2-3 other gay guys join us. How would you say each place looks at straight guys (and his girl best friend) going there? And I don't go to any of these places *cough* Nellie's *cough*, like some guys seem to, to flirt with or hook up with women, but it sometimes ends up happening. How is that overall received in your view?  Basically I normally just go to dance, have fun with friends, and talk to strangers. 

I've had fun at each of the places I've gone to but am curious about someone else's view and about the places I haven't been. 
Damn, I'm already on planning on going to the last jazz in the gardens or I'd have come. I was on vacation for like the first 4 and haven't been able to go to any yet. 
Series? It's already been done this season. 
Holy hell, I didn't know the were doing a new furniture line too. Which thing you think will be most bought and overplayed over at /malelivingspace?
"My human just started sliding down a hill that's covered in the really cold white stuff that falls from the sky...what?...ok, I'll run and jump and bite at them until I've saved them."

"Me again. My human threw a ball but when I caught it, it disappeared...it's in the white stuff on the ground...where? I don't see it, wait...they have it in their paw again, nevermind"


Holy fuck, he literally sounds like a robot that a competent 8 year old wrote in their first programming class. 
Squeeze half a lemon in with it and rip some fresh basil on top. Makes it even better. 
And just because it's fresh in my head, I'm getting a Euron Greyjoy vibe. 
That's terrifying and incredibly interesting at the same time. 
I like you. 
Lost my iPod for 2 years when I was 16 because my mom put it in my sock drawer, and who the hell ever gets to the bottom of their sock drawer. 
Just stream it from UK sources. That's what I did last time and it's so much nicer not dealing with their nonsense. Plus you actually get to see sports other than swimming and figure skating. 
So it being about adoption wasn't a total lie. 
[Salsa tequila](https://youtu.be/PHCt2uHVe58) - Anders Nilsen

Serious answer is Per te by Josh Groban
Huh, never knew about that. That's pretty cool.  Shame that Apple gets away with doing what others have done before and calls it innovation while removing something so universally used. 
The haptic engine allows it to feel like a button is being pressed anywhere on the screen. How could putting in a button do that? 

I'm not disagreeing that I think it's a stupid idea to remove the headphone jack, just that your logic is slightly off. 
Gives really good feedback and makes it feel like you're pushing an actual button, rather than just the vibration in most phones. 
Yeah, but some people seem to think it's the same building, don't know why. 

As for handsome cock and vivid, I miss handsome. It was my favorite shitty place for shitty beer and cheap gin& tonics. Pair that with Mario kart at the end of the bar and drinking games at the bar and it was so different from every other place. 

Vivid... I've been in there twice and couldn't stay more that 15 minutes either time. Granted I don't like hookah so 🤷‍♂️
Lost society is decent option. However if you're talking about Hawthorne (above codmother), nah. Line is normally stupid long and inside is packed with more obnoxious people that I see at most bars, only consistently topped by Sign of the Whale. 
Oh, gotcha. No, you can't do that in-store. You can online but I'm not sure if you can for any item. 
Nope. Someone with a membership has to buy them for you. Just have them buy 4 $25 cards and use 1+cash when you go. 
DC's WMATA would like to have a word with your example.

Errr, fire, they'd like to have a fire with your example. 
Do what pizza said. I used to do it all the time before I got my own membership. $25 cashcard + debit for whatever I went over. The cashier just has to have a manager come over and key it in. 
I think tts, maybe a hair small. That's if I'm remembering the size I have correctly, I've had them for 1.5 years now, I can check when I get home around 5:30 and get back to you. I have weird feet with an extremely narrow ankle and then a forward arch so could be just me. 
When the hell did those things happen? I have no idea how far behind I am now. I think the last thing I really remember was the "hacking a nuke" thing. Watched maybe an episode or 2 of the next season and stopped because it was shit. 
What type of place do you work at? I know a lot of defense contractors and they don't have that perk at all. 
No pay, no care. 
Good list. But I'm sorry, saying "full suit" and then, only once somebody asks for a list, specifying that you're leaving the jacket at home is misleading. Nothing wrong with not bringing/wearing a full suit to the wedding but you're just wearing dress pants and accessories at this point. 
Brooklyn bagels or something like that in Courthouse Arlington is the best I've found. 
Now that's a story line. 
You, I like you. 
Republicare. Not Trumpcare. Don't let them shift who's doing this. 
Oh man. Wish I was going to be in town. I'm not 30 yet but prefer the types of places and company it seems like will be coming. Only reason I put up with the higher drinking/loudness at others bars is because friends and looking to meet someone (even if there's only a small chance of that at those places). 

Glad that you're not closing these off to those a bit shy of 30, as I'd be up to talk woodworking, diy and home improvement, or cooking/BBQ with the best (or worst) of you. 
Just, how, how do people still believe GOP is pushing for the good of Americans? 
You've got to be fucking kidding me. 
I do that but with flight attendants or any other airline employee. Marry and free flights yo. 
Np. Randomly stumbled upon it myself. Had to order quick to make sure I got it before Friday when I leave for a week. 
Nice, guessing the 3pc? Bought that and another myself. I had bought the half tube slim a little while ago when it was on random sale and have liked it for the 1 flight I used it for. Psyched to have some larger for a week long trip I'm taking this Friday. 
I almost bought those as well, I've got Amazon basics small electronics cases and they're good. Ultimately I decided on these because of the sizing, Amazon's just seemed too big overall. I bought a 3pc +1 other and they ended up being cheaper than 4 Amazon's because of the discount. 
Definitely because the price wasn't increased.

Increasing every item by what wasn't much less than the cost of shipping for (what I would say is) a majority of people sits bad with me. 

What they should do is give $ off when ordering multiple items now. Maybe starting at 3 items. So 3 items is $20 off, 4+ is 25. Still get to say "free" shipping but won't piss people off as much. 
Lol. I had it that way first and it didn't seem to take. I always forget which way it is. 
(https://giphy.com/gifs/upvote-mako-shady-pXNWljzkHdEys?utm_source=media-link&utm_medium=landing&utm_campaign=Media%20Links&utm_term=)[exhale] yeah, autocorrect when I'm in bed falling asleep. 

Ninja fast edit, can't figure out formatting on mobile, you get the point. 
God damn. I'm glad I'm not at work kackaling like an idiot. 
You can, a "souvenir" check. Then your friends cash them and your parents kill you (from a legaladvice thread)
I made some with a fifth of vodka in 1 pack of gummies. The size you buy for a dollar. Think I calculated it out and a shot was like 3 or 4 bears. Those things got huge. 
Now if only the person who created this could link it in response to you linking it. 
God damn that's one nice gif. 
God damn. 
Someone do sword of Truth. 
Wait, a bit more than 5. For some reason I read iron horse. I was way closer to there. How much longer will you all be there? 
Wow. All right. I'll be there in about 5. Back right upstairs? 
Hey, anyone still at hh or planning on grabbing a drink? 
So only tiny part of the reason people don't want to play isn't because of the game itself. 

Good to know gauntlet will shit all over people no matter what melee game he plays. 
Was thinking the same damn thing. I even received it again 30 min later with the same text just quoted. Like...wtf?
Looks like it was just an update through edits. Someone linked the post below if you want to go check it out. 
Haha, not dumb at all, I was confused by it too. 

I'd guess yes, a lace could be added. But there might be some elastic or something to make them no-lace. Though I think the thicker rubber sole could stop them from looking like normal shoes.

You could always buy, try how they look with laces, then return if they aren't great. 
There are also a pair of Allen Edmonds no lace nubuck wingtips to $88.50 in size 8.5, 10, and 11.5 if anyone is interested.

They look interesting but I'm not sure about the no lace part. Made to be worn casually, 1 review said he got them for shorts but that seems weird to me. 
Thanks. Somehow managed to have 10.5 as an option for me at the same price. Hoping they fit my feet. Actually considering buying an 11 too so I have a chance of 1 fitting. 

Reminder: you can also get free 2 day shipping with Shoprunner, which you can also sign up for a free trial and then most people never get charged. I've had my free "trial" for 4 years now. 
Holy hell, I'm quite surprised by that. 
Against someone who doesn't expect it and you can get your new tc built and vils walled in around without them stopping you, pretty effective.  Especially if your TC is blocking their gold/stone/berries.
I'll give you the aoe2 answer, the other one you can look up on your own. 

The full term is the Persian douche. It's when a player runs forward with villagers near the beginning of the match, deletes his starting to, and then builds a new one next to an enemy. Persians will typically win this fight because they have 2x hitpoints on TC. It's not done right at the beginning because the persiab player needs to collect enough wood to build a new TC, this typically gives them enough time to build extra vils and leave some at his original base and go forward with ~10. 

The best way to stop it is to get walls up away from your base so they can't get to you. If you don't have that you either have to already be in feudal for some reason and build a tower and attack with vils. You can also build houses and single palisade tiles around your base so that the Persian player doesn't have enough room to place a new TC. 
REPUBLICARE GOD DAMNIT
They'd be pretty useful because of that. But imo the 4 I listed first are more worth it. It doesn't take that much more effort to house wall and if you feel like there are enough enemies nearby and you aren't walled into a woodline or whatever then your house will still probably go down. Garrisoning in the house might buy you a bit extra time to get more bills or militia over but overall not worth it when compared to other civ's bonuses. 
In no particular order of best (going alphabetical) and mostly ignoring eco bonuses...

Aztec: military produced 15% faster

Berbers: vils move 10% faster

Britons: nothing

Byz: 10% building bonus hp in dark, free town watch

Celt: 15% faster inf

Ethiopians: +3 Outpost los

Goth: +1 inf attack, 20% faster barracks

Huns: no houses, which could hurt being able to quick wall out milita

Indians: chepaer vils

Italians: this is eco but super powerful because no attacking boats in dark, fishing ships are cheaper

Jap: none, inf 25% speed starts in feudal

Khmer: vils can garrison in houses

Korean: +3 los on vils

Malay: this is eco but super powerful because no attacking boats in dark, fishing ship and traps are cheaper* and traps are unlimited

 * this might not exist anymore, thought it was switched to italians but still listed on wiki

Persian: douche

Portuguese: free carto in dark age

Spanish: villagers build 30% faster

Vietnamese: enemy positions revealed at start

I'd say best team game combo would be Goths, Portuguese, Aztecs, and Malay or Italian. Goths and Aztec probably best militia, Portuguese for that sweet sweet team vision, and Malay for unlimited food that can't be touched. Although now I can't even remember if you can build traps in dark, if you can't, Italians for cheaper fish. 

Now I really want to play this. 
Thank you. Added to travel list. 
Looking at doing a camping trip myself and take the Monday off. 
Wow. Absolutely amazing interview. 
Included salary, that's refreshing. 
Hell, even focusing on it and really thinking about what he's saying I can't figure out what I think he's saying 
Checkout /r/breadit sometime. They have basic recipes and instructions that give a good overview of bread making. As well as make your mouth water. 
Possibly. But that bag is just rebranded Chinese manufacturer. Type in "most durable packable lightweight travel hiking backpack daypack" and you'll find the exact same bag with different branding. Specifically HEXIN, even down to the pattern on the front. 

Not saying it's a bad daypack/product. Just rebranded by many. 
Thanks for this. Really helps point me in the right mindset as I work on doing more of my own design rather than programming. 
God damn
God damn. I knew it had been a while since I saw you and was due for another. 
God damn. I knew it had been a while since I saw you and was due for another. 
How about you just put the salary range in your post. 
No pay no care. 
The wool he was talking about is more for clothing, I don't think I've ever seen a wool towel. 

As people said below microfiber towels are quick drying, but for me, after using them for some time they start to develop a mustyness. Linen towels are also recommended because they typically dry as quickly and don't hold smell like microfiber. They are a little bit (to a decent amount) more expensive but still pretty reasonable. They pack down about the same too. 

I personally got an Outlier grid-linen towel a month ago and have loved it. Done weekend trip with it and also used it as a blanket at a wine festival and it worked great. 
Damn that's good. 
Don't even need smartlights. I have Living Room Bar, Living Room Ceiling, Living Room Ceiling, kitchen 1, kitchen 2, and kitchen 3 as names for lights in hue. In Google Home I have them assigned to downstairs. If I say "turn on living room lights" just the 3 with living room in their name turn on. "turn off downstairs lights" turns off both living room and kitchen. I have the same thing setup upstairs as well for bedroom, bathroom, and closet all being grouped in upstairs. 

You can even still have it work for hue switches as well. If you or anyone else wants an explanation on that let me know. 
Chop through 1 tree next to walls by chopping, clicking fish, chopping -> repeat. 

Spam goth MaA. 
Someone care to elaborate?
Ah, you're right. Seems to store some recent ones but not all. 
Join, also allows you to text from your computer. 
I've swam and done hiking/light jog in my new ways and they were great. Swimming was spontaneous and we went to other things were you'd prefer not to be wet after and by the time we stopped swimming, say around for 10-15 min, then walked the 20 min to where we were going my shorts were dry. 

Though due to how slim they are I personally don't want to wear them for an actual run out working out. 
I kind of want to steal this for just Olympics, not even GF. 
I know DC had their pride parade this past Saturday, looks like Manchester has theirs around the same time every year and McKellen has led it before. So could be one of those from this year or a pic from previous year. 
You got me to check, I have quite a few things that I've already watched a couple seasons of in the 90s, and then the angry birds movie is 98%...
It's up double that to 600 now! 
As far as I thought, logs were kept for longer than the actual content. I'm surprised that they said logs aren't kept for that long. 

Based on a quick Google search, article written April 18th of 2017 from forensicfocus Verizon kept logs for about 7 years, AT&T 7 years, TMobile 2ish, and Sprint 1.5. This seems to only be referring to call logs though  Other sources from 2015/16 say 5-7 for AT&T. 
NAL, just tech inclined. 

From what I understand the deputy would have to get a warrant/court order for the other guys carrier. 

You have a better chance of contacting your carrier and asking them for the records, sometimes they will require a court order even if it's you asking for your own texts. I know that the big red one doesn't keep them indefinitely so I would ask quickly. 

For the future, there are multiple different free apps that will back up all text messages indefinitely, as well as sync them with whichever​ cloud service you choose (Google Drive, Dropbox, iCloud, etc).
Contact cell service provider and ask for a record of your texts. And depending on phone you could possibly have those texts saved somewhere you're not aware of, Google your phone and "retrieve deleted texts" to see. 
But it makes holiday dinners with family real interesting. 
The Inuit in me says fuck you. 
Not at all. Watermelon, mint, and feta "salad" or grilled is fucking delicious. 
Trying tossing some mint and feta on it some time instead of the salt, oil, and balsamic. 
Another 6'3 checking in here. I'm 42-43 chest, 36" arm length, wear 34" inseam, and size 32 JCrew pants.

I had bought NWS in 2014 size 33, which are now a little loose on me. I got some new NWL as I just don't feel comfortable with the amount of leg showing in the NWS anymore. The 11" is a little long for me, 10" or maybe 9.5" would​ probably be perfect.

I had also sized down to 32 and could fit them around my waist but after zipping up the were way too tight around my thighs and emphasized certain things. Exchanged for 33 and they fit almost perfectly, maybe could take in just under a half inch.

I also added on some future works which fit the exact same on me as NWL, obviously with a pant leg. Which is also perfect on me giving about a quarter break. 

I can post pics of NWS, NWL, and Futureworks either late tonight or tomorrow evening. 
Would the be called the tail or the penis of Canada?
What're you talking about, that's clearly OP's hand, he's reaching all the way around her dad with arm length Mr. Fantastic would be jealous of. 
It's the cuffs. Extend a little too far and covers too much of his hand. That pls him being a giant makes his fingers look super long. 
Wow, that's more than I would've guessed. 
god damn

Wow. I wish I had this when I was in Italy. 
I'm 6'3, normally stay right around 190 (187-195 depending on eating/drinking/working out), 43 chest, and wear New Ways size 33.  Athletic build but do have a bit of a stomach, I had originally bought size 32 NWL but they were way too tight around my legs/thighs/hips.  

I had bought breezy linen short sleeve in L and it was too small for me.  The shoulder seams were probably an inch short on both.  I exchanged for a linen pivot in XL since I also didn't like the short sleeves and color ended up having some chest hair show through.  The shoulders fit me well, just a tiny bit big, but its linen so flowing and draping is the look I wanted.  The sleeves aren't baggy but not super tight.  The torso is almost perfectly straight.  I find JCrew slim large to fit me pretty well too and think that the Pivot fits better, JCrew is wider but comes in at the waist, Pivot is wider than the narrowest spot on JCrew but since its that the whole way it fits better in my opinion.  Again, that fit is better for this shirt because its linen and you want air flow.  

I wore it and a pair of NWL to wine festival yesterday.  The weather hit about 83 plus the sun and DC humidity, made me real happy I purchased it.
Damnit. I don't know how I didn't notice autocorrect. 
Whatever you're feeling with glad I could be here. If you​need to pm someone feel free.

 And if you want to show appreciation towards me or maybe anyone else on this site, donate towards an organization that will make a difference. My personal one is the EFF. But choose something that's close to you. 
http://i.imgur.com/oKyQc.gif
Yeah, just ask the critters at Redwall
Np. I'm still looking for a travel specific backpack myself. Have one that works well right now for weekend trips but without any of the more travel specific features lots of packs mentioned here have. 

Jansport is a good brand, very nice quality and good customer service/company image. Their bags are the quintisential bookbag through grade school, at least in the US. As far as I know they don't make a travel specific one, but I could be wrong. 
This is fun if you're into that type of thing. I went 2 years ago and there's (obviously) a ton of wine, fun music, and good food trucks, at least the year I went.

I'm going tomorrow as well, looks like it'll be a beautiful day.  I'll be the idiot drinking red wine out of a straw, just started teeth whitening process :( I half want to make a sign so people don't think I'm an idiot. 
Looking at the tag on the bag it's a Jacket bag. On mobile so haven't gone through their options to try to pinpoint. But seems like a pretty generic one. 

Edit: Jansport, not jacket. God damn autocorrect. 
Nice. 
I'm sure there's a key to getting upvotes here. 
Someone is probably going to knock my head into something for starting this. 
I wish I had never opened this up. 
Sorry, I'm saying as many as I can because I just want it shut and done. 
The mods should lock this thread. 
They feel hollow to the core. 
I'm not sure I can handle another one of these threads. 
Haha. I just thought it was on the easier side of intermediate. There were definitely some spots where you had to scramble but there was still a good amount of walking flat through the woods and uphill without too much, if any, scree. 
Went a few weeks ago myself. Overall I'd say beginner side of intermediate. There are a few spots that you have to go careful but for a large portion of it it's easy path through the woods. Does have a great view and because it's part of the AT you can always go further if you want a little extra. 

Does get crowded the further into nice weather we get. Parking for about 6-8 cars at entrance but there's a lot a bit up the highway to park at then a side trail to get to the entrance. 
Should I order the same waist size as what I get for New way longs? 
I think there's one at Thomas Jefferson community center in Arlington. I've looked into using it before but can't find the page now, on mobile. I want to say it was like $20 a session or something. 
Wait, just to make sure I read that correctly, they'll be releasing a new backpack sometime late this summer or early fall?  Which would be something separate from the Outbreaker backpack?
About Time. Just...just...😭
Don't think saying headphones when there's no headphone jack is appropriate. 
That's not a thing anymore. 

Carrier support here is referring to be sold in carrier stores and financed by them. You sign a contract and make monthly payments on the phone that still comes out to the total cost of the phone. 
I'm on season 4 episode 11...I watched season 1 episode 1 12 days ago. 
Liqer eated. 
Ty, knew there was a word for it but for the life of me couldn't remember. 
Nope. They look terrible on phones too. I opened emoji to use one for the first time a day after installing the O beta, clicked out and went "welp, I'm never using those". I'll use text emoji :D or gifs instead of look through those pages of generic gradience. 
Yup. I went to use one for the first time since installing O and was disgusted. They look terrible and not like what they're meant to be at all. I'll be using text emoji or gifs from now on. 
He still grabs and rubs his hand/think like he did when he was recovering. There's a few others that I can't think of or others had mentioned already. 
For those who are interested in this bag, it's currently $55 on Amazon right now. Solo Everyday Max Backpack (ACV732-4) https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01AC3ZXJW/

I bought one myself and am undecided on keeping it as a first bag or getting an osprey Porter 30. I like the large pocket but would like some built in organization in a secondary pocket for small items like any camera, chargers, etc. There's the 2 side pockets that could maybe fit a water bottle if the bag isn't packed full and a pocket on front that could hold a wallet or phone, my Nexus 6P barely fit. 

The shoe compartment on the bottom also takes a ton of room in the main section of the bag. Though I'd guess that's the same for any bag that has that. 

For the size of it I also expected more space. There are some interior pockets in the main section but again, with clothes in the main section you won't be able to fit much. 
Sub pizza for gondolas and I'd find it now appropriate. 
Safety razor. $10 for 100 blades and you don't use a ton of plastic. 
And I love you for that. 
And I love you for that. 
He's not talking about their paywall, he means the subreddit rules. 
[mine](https://media.giphy.com/media/5GoVLqeAOo6PK/giphy.gif)
Holy fuck, never seen the picture from this angle. 
Lol. Thanks for the laugh, it is hard to spell. It's Chitauri. 
Where are you interested in going? Or coming from?  

I'll be going into the city from Pentagon city and doing hh and probably past that. Have gone to 1 or 2 hhs previously. I'd be willing to do drinks somewhere easier than that and meet up with some of my friends later. 
Technically infatuated Fitz, and Ward for that matter, when Lorelei controlled them. 
Lol. Season, guess I messed up swipe when I was falling asleep and didn't notice. 
Overall they were lower. Each Satan just had a higher episode or 2. Could be that it was actually good or just better compared to the rest of the season and people ranked comparitively on the one good episode vs the rest that sucked. 

Way, seriously? 

Cause like Trump isn't exactly along those lines. Except for the thing where he's an idiot. 
Wonderful. 
Haha, yeah, I'd be doing that too but still working. Only have laptop open waiting for futureworks restock. 
Yeah, I'm really only looking for a restock of futureworks in tan. Just checked again and it seems like they did restock some but still not 32 or 33 :(
Linen works best when it's loose as it allows the air to flow through and around. Since it's such a good hot weather fabric most linen garmets are usually made in a looser cut, ie. you won't see skinny linen pants. 

You don't need tons of room around the leg but you could try posting a pic here or in /r/malefashionadvice on one of the fit check threads for advice on whether others would get/recommend tailoring. 
That's what I thought. Thanks! 
Agreed.

Also I'm new/re-active around here, what time is the drop?

I gotta say, I was half tempted to make a post saying "Thursday Drop" text: "what time is it ?"
Never thought feels would come from reading comments in this sub. 
And have different color swooshes so people can collect them all. 
Hell Amazon has some as add-ons for $6. 
Coulson wasn't there to stop Hawkeye from shooting Thor when he came to earth as a mortal therefore Fury had no reason to experiment with the Tessaract to build weapons to fight against threats like Thor from beyond our planet. So Thanos didn't feel it's presence and send Loki who brought th Chitauri. 

Stark is was probably there somewhere but may have been on fence because of all Shield's secret keeping stuff. Can't really see him siding with Hydra though. 
Do somethinggggg!

Agh, the emotion that he's able to show is heart wrenching. 
Arlington syndrome. 

I'll give it to you in song form. 

Basically over commercialized frat nonsense. 
Holy fuck. Mr fantastic levels of mental flexibility over there. 
Normally /r/washingtondc and /r/nova combine and host it out at Quincy Park in Arlington, closest metro is VA Square. Been twice before and relatively normal people and stereotypical Redditors. People also normally go to a bar afterwards too, did O'Sullivan's last year and had to leave for a friend's bday party from there but pretty sure some went out in DC after that. 
Wouldn't Ming-na be at 4?  May, Agent 33, LMayD, and FrameMay.  Could even separate May into flashback/pre-Bahrain May and current/post-Bahrain May.
I'll give you an upvote even if I beat you by an hour! :D
[I linked this above but it makes it more funny to respond to you as well](https://youtu.be/mdK6LVDI3kg?t=60s)
[How everyone in this thread is with what you said](https://youtu.be/mdK6LVDI3kg?t=60s)
I'm going to add another for Ray's the Steaks. 

And offer a different opinion of one that others have said... Medium Rare. I hated it, literally couldn't finish my meal either time I've gone. The first I gave it a pass thinking maybe they just use lesser quality cuts for brunch or just messed up once. But after having dinner there I won't be going back and will steer people away from there if they ask. The steaks were overcooked, fatty, gristly, and their "secret sauce" was just not pleasant to look at or taste. And to make brunch worse their mimosas and bloody Mary's were bland. 

None of the people I were with either time liked their meals either, eggs Benedict was the other item my friends had at brunch and the cubed steak was even worse than the regular. 

The do have good fries though. 
And has more info than the current ones. 

Accuracy, damage dealt, damage taken. 

Was always fun going for 100% accuracy or 5x as much damage taken as damage dealt. 
Switch Gmail and inbox and you've got me on board, as long as anyone who has touched Allo isn't on the messages/hangout team. 
I use the 22 for a day and rarely a 1.5 day hike. It's good for that. But it has absolutely no separation. Just 1 big bag with a tiny mesh pocket. From the pics it looks like the 33 is the same. I'd go with something at least clamshell opening. 
I would've, and had before in a different league. But that tournament and the league I reffed most often had a practice of not giving red cards to anyone but players. Any parents or coaches just got lectured, told to leave, and told they couldn't come to X number of following games. 
I loved doing that when I reffed soccer. Parents or coaches think they can harrass or intimate the 16-18 yr old ref and I throw them out. 

My favorite was when I was reffing a tournament game and the assistant coach said "hit the goalie!" and one of his players almost immediately ran into the goalie. I immediately blow my whistle signifying a penalty then turn to the coaches immediately calling both head and assistant over to me and throw the assistant out of the game. He starts mouthing off and the head coach is trying to tell him to shut up and leave to the parking lot which is literally just up a 10ft hill and 25 yds away from the field so he can even still see the game. I resume play as he's walking away when he decides to come back. I again blow my whistle and this time yell that he's been ejected and to leave the field, so now parents are aware of what happened. He keeps screaming at me from the sideline and I call my assistant refs over and say we're not resuming play until he leaves the field. After 3-5 min he still hasn't left so I call over both teams head coaches and tell them I'm calling the game unless the idiot leaves, which was extra satisfying because the other team was winning. So turns out the game continued because while I was doing that the guy's wife came over and dragged him away. Still was satisfying reporting him to the tournament organizers after the game and him not being able to be there for any of their future games that weekend. 
Nice. I do some programming for a living but an looking to start doing significantly more. This is a great help. 
He didn't shoot buddy. He fired up into the air and you saw the dog run away. 
What a paid for coward. 
Thanks! 

And thanks for the heads up, fortunately it seems like they'll be paying some due to problems with the tooth(teeth)that it's barely any more to do the cosmetic stuff on top of fixing it. 
Thanks. 
Anybody have video that's not hosted on this terrible site? I'm on mobile and the page errors out after 10 seconds. 
And if you want to keep the thrill of terrifying while taking the bus sit in the front seat, the open glass pane and sheer drop gets your heart racing on a bus more than a horny teen playing truth or dare in the back of a band bus. 
Where did you get the barn door hardware from? 
I swear I've seen that dresser with those stuffed animals on it before in this sub. 

Love the entire room. 
How else do you fight the intruder in the middle of the night? 
Any number of them could probably just have sex with your mom. 
Getting that last drop of water out of your ear. 
Translation, flying and shooting fireballs. 
Hmm, I could see how that could be. But weren't there 3d models on maps of the area I described already? 
It's definitely not. The National Mall in DC isn't 3d for me, and surrounding area, Lincoln, Washington monument, Congress, Whitehouse, Union station, etc. But further out in DC neighborhoods is, very surprised by that. 
Lol. I like this account. 
My dad has worked for them for 4 years now I think and likes them, this is after decades of being a govt employee. At least the department he's in seems to work way better than Booze​ or Lockheed who also have personel in the same Agency building. This isn't in Quantico though so could be different there. With all these big defense contractors you get significantly different experiences from site to site and project to project. 
Link? 
Better than with them back and your arms straight to make you go faster. 
He's Captain obvious. 
People want cheaper prices because the quality of flying has gone done but ticket prices have remained the same. 
I've never heard of these. How do you use them in a sink? Just toss them in and they dissolve or whatever soap is in them mixes with the water? 
I feel like most of Reddit is glad it's staying on /r/all
I had ordered them a week and a half ago, UPS had an issue with completely shipping but they should be at my house when I get home today. I can check them out and give you a quick review tonight. I had ordered size 10.5 and 11 in the 2 different suede colors due to my feet being werid, the widest part of my foot is further forward than normal and a slim ankle. I normally wear 10.5-12 so am hoping one fits. 
Mine has them but in 20(I think) packs. I never saw 50. Northern VA. 
Black Friday. Though I think they might do a memorial day sale as well. 
The only thing a ScottEVest is good for. 
I know right? Put that on the tongue too and I'd be asking specifically where to find them. 
Your point about warranty and such was a concern of mine as well. Plus I don't even NEED the tablesaw, but it seems to be better than the one I currently have. It would also just be another chore to sell one of them if I end up with both.

I've emailed him so hopefully will at least have the opportunity to look because if there's a significant amount of lumber it makes it more worth it. 
Cheaters? Gamma Ray Polarized UV400 Classic Style Sunglasses with Mirror Lens, 3 PACK - Tortoise https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00Q7FZN5O/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_1885ybCD6BH8C

Don't know exact lense height but width is 56mm if that helps. I have them and Ray Ban wayfarers I got in 2013 and these are a little smaller. 

$15 for 3 polarized sunglasses. I use these as beaters I don't care about loosing at day drinking events, hiking, beaches, etc. Used to use the Kirkland ones that someone else mentioned and those are definitely nicer, but also $20 for a single pair, so after loosing those I've been using these for 2.5 years. Actually just got my 2nd set of 3, lost 2 of first and a lense of the bright colored ones popped out and I lost it, surprisingly sunglasses are no good with only one lense. 
Edited my post to include that, thanks for pointing it out. 
Damn, screwed up with not including his asking, it's only in title which I didn't grab in screenshot. 

He's asking $1,000 for everything. 
Check out a show called The Mentalist if this sounds interesting. The main character does this throughout the entire show. Used to be a psychic but now helps cops so he can find his wife's killer. It's not a great show but the cold readings and mind stuff he does is hilarious and gives you a very clear idea of how people in real life do it. 
Good fucking god are those people delusional. 
I got a classic core set, lightweight comforter, duvet, and the mid pillow from them, during sale with tiered % off, received free candle too. Everything except comforter arrived a week after ordering in Dec and comforter came last week of Jan (apparently their down stuffing machine broke or something, which they gave people who's orders were delayed $50 gift card). 

I'm quite happy with the sheets though probably won't but another set. Was using a Kirkland brand sheets from Costco before which price/quality is better, the Brooklinen ones are still better.  I wash my sheets once every 2 weeks (sometimes more, sometimes less depending on how sweaty/other sex gets in them) and both the Brooklinen and Costco ones hold up about the same, which means 1 of the Costco sets I have started some slight fraying after a year. I think the Brooklinen ones hold their elastic a little better but I haven't been using them as long and I haven't used the Costco ones in 4 months for more than 2 days. They also have nice patterns without being really loud. 

I'm super satisfied with the comforter as I'm always hot and hated using a standard comforter before as it was always too heavy and I'd wake up sweating. Prior to getting it I was using a cotton blanket and the difference is night and day. I'm hoping that it's light enough that I'll be able to still use it through the spring/summer. 

Pillow is good weight and firmness, I only got to push up to the next sale tier so only paid like $10 extra for it. If I was paying the full price I'm not sure if I'd go for it. 

Candle was the magic hour scent and it's nice, not overpowering but still cuts the smell of a recently vacuumed​ room which I don't care for and helps keep room smelling fresh in between. Though I do use some other candles as well depending on what I'm feeling and time of year. 
They're wireless. 

Apple has switched how the 3.5mm connection jack works. Which is why you see some headphones that say "works with iPhone" and done that say "works with iPhone and Android". 

Expansion:
http://forums.androidcentral.com/samsung-galaxy-s3/189523-final-soultion-why-most-headsets-won-t-work.html?amp
What?! Which one? I never find anything good in the ones around here. 
I haven't watched the show recently enough to remember that without you having said it. But yeah, now I do. 
But it works if you throw on an inch wide piece of fabric across your eyes while leaving your chiseled jaw and beard uncovered. 
No salary... get out. 
GAP has some xClarks. Brown and black leather, navy and gray(cement?) suede for $110. I applied sales towards them and got for $55ish with 40%+10% off. Figure worth the shot in seeing how they fit my style and it's Gap so easy returns. 
So I used to be a picky eater until I was 22. Through highschool I was very similar to your bf and would only eat about 6 things, in college I got a little better. I changed and now eat basically everything. 

I'm at work and don't have the time right this second to type out my entire story but I've commented on a similar post in this sub before. 

Just realize that it's probably an emotional/psychological thing and it's hard for him. Be there to help without forcing anything and he'll appreciate it. Talk to him and just let him know you care. 

Edit: here's my previous comment and the thread it was from which might help...
http://reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/5cvt3l/i_20f_am_an_extremely_picky_eater_and_it_is/da1ge37
Yup.

Source: watched Pirates of the Caribbean
Lady Hand? Can give her a pin and everything. 
I want the Chewbacca coozie. 
Last time I went to Georgetown with friends it cost $14 for an Uber from just far enough away in Dupont that we didn't want to walk. Then the bar we were at said last call at 12:15... yeah, not really interested in going there. 
Final scenes of Serenity. Those spears needed a good Washing. 

Then the crew holding of the Reavers while Mal gets the upload out. 
And next rainy day weekend I have I know what I'm doing. 
If it can be called that. Takes a solid 4 or 5 seconds after me swiping up the screen search for any content to come up. That's both on WiFi and LTE in a metro area. 

Now on Tap was basically instant. 
Quick edit: realized I might have sounded snarky, if so that's unintentional. I replied to your point then went on a mini-rant because Google is stupid. 

Yes, I meant Now on Tap, thank you for pointing that out. So much more useful than this nonsense assistant that has issues doing things. 

They should at least give you the option of having On Tap. If I wanted to use the assistant I'd just say "ok Google", which you can have set to always on.  I've seen some people argue "but what if you're in a noisy space or can't talk?" Well then the assistant from long press home is still useless as I can't type in what I want, I have to use voice. 

Chances are I wanted info on something that was on the screen so just give it to me in the way that already worked incredibly well. For God's sake there was even a search bar that I could type into, as well as a microphone button so I could voice dictate what I wanted. 
I'd gladly trade with you. Google Now is significantly better. 

Edit: Now on Tap
God damn do I love when people source. 
I believe you can get 4. 
Holy fuck am I glad I'm not wherever you live. I buy Russian standard for $19.99. Absolute as well. 
To be fair, he's done the winning thing almost as much as the others. 
Mind sending me a pm too? 
Well would you look at that. It's definitely 2 different benches. Both the top and shelf have different grain in the 7th pic from the rest. It's also on concrete in 7th instead of another board on casters. 
I think I've just figured out why console players don't front, 30 fps isn't high enough for players to even see the front. 
Can I be the cancer? 


(Archer or MaA)
Thanks, I thought that at first too but then doubted when he said solid pine. Thought maybe he had, really perfectly, glued 1x8s together or something. I had asked if he'd be willing to do $100 and he wasn't willing to budge at all. 

For more than 2x the cost of materials (based of your estimate, for an even bigger bench) I'll definitely be passing. 
...What?
/r/breadit will like this. 
Fam. 
But what if you poop at work :(
You goddamn genius. 
Exactly. In /r/malefashionadvice there's accounts that are from brand reps and they interact with the immunity. If they only used this new profile nonsense every member of the community would hate it as it stifles interaction. 
You said it. I'm looking for planer and drill press most to add to my table saw but most secondhand stuff is only $50 (on average) cheaper than full price, goes instantly, or "nearby" in West Virginia or nowhere MD. At least nowhere for me being in NoVa. 
God damn, I knew there was something jarring and disorienting about that​ fight accent and that there were a lot of cuts but I didn't realize how many. 
And now I want a sculpin. 
Now I just need to buy 2 more pi
Well he said it yesterday, so that would make tomorrow today which means the one after tomorrow is a week from today. 

:D
Next happy hour AFTER tomorrow's. 
I haven't gone to a club alone more than twice. Go to a bar first, make friends, then go from there. Even if it's a relatively clubby bar it's less unusual to be there by yourself.

If you end up at a club afterwards you've got an answer, even if your new friends leave super quickly. "oh, my friends decided they were too tired but I still wanted to dance" hold out your hand and start dancing with her. 
Google's being the key word. 
Is there an actual video or transcript of that? I'd love to see it. 
Not surprising. 
I need the original gif. Anyone? 
I'd just take a normal housing and attach it to a wood strip that has a 45° cut going down it. If you have a tablesaw you could buy a 1"x1" (which is actually 3/4") and cut the angle yourself, alternatively a home improvement store near you probably already has it ready for you to buy. 
I say have a GoFundMe to raise money and give it to whoever we collectively agree has had the most positive impact on Chivalry. 
As others have said, the problem is when the app you're in wouldn't allow you to select something. Google Now on Tap would search the screen but you'd be able to click on text after to select something specific. 
Could anyone say how this is compared to the Ridgid r4513? I've been using the Ridgid for a couple months but am not 100% happy with it. The fence seems to not adjust/set super straight, like it wiggles the back because there's nothing securing it while the front is locked down. The miter slots also don't seem straight and square. Are these things I should just accept in any saw around this price or is worth it to try to exchange for this DeWalt? 
Good god. Just like a few others have said I'd be super grateful if anyone would be willing to buy and ship to me.

Or if anyone that has said they'll be there and happens to be driving back up the east coast I live near DC and could meet you to hand off in person to avoid shipping costs. 

Extremely grateful for either though. 
Allen Edmonds for $20. Brand new. 
That spear needed a good Washing. 
Marvin Ericson from HIMYM. That countdown man. 
Donut. Ty Gordon Ramsay. 
Believe,
Also, say I wanted to go on Saturday, what time would I have to get there for the walk up tickets? Right as they open or an hour beforehand?
Expected undertaker
"fiction" Uhuh. 
Now do Android. 
3v3, I was Turks vs Goths and Persians, no idea what teammates or other enemy were now. Megarandom so a ton of gold & stone. I got castle first and went Jan, hold Goths in base. Hit 2 TC imp and get treb + BBT once his castles down. Leapfrog in with more and more BBT, Jan, and throw in light cavalry to counter skirms+onagers. Go through goth and halfway through whoever pocket is. Persians finally start to help with pal but no match for 15-20 BBTs that are always in range. He accidentally sends 1 elephant so I build 8 forward monasteries and get out 20+ monks and upgrades without him knowing I have them. Then the elephants come, his army instantly turns and even more steamroll. 

Made me love Turks which I hated before because I got them 5/7 nomad games I played in a row. 
Redditor for 2 weeks. Copycat. Guy can fuck off with his attempts. 
He's not wishing someone goes and kills them with an axe, he's not hoping they get a flesh eating disease and die in 24 hrs. He's merely pointing out that the change will cause some who used to rely on certain things and voted against them will die because of it and as a result change demographics. 
People die. We all know that. To pretend the GOP's biggest voter block isn't going to is ludicrous. 
But only /u/shittymorph can do it. 
How much light does the birds of paradise require? My apt has essentially no direct natural light and I'm trying to find appropriate plants. Just got a pothos and am looking for peace lilies now. Would prefer a larger plant too though. 
Love me some Taggerung. 
Yes. I have a friend of friend who doesn't work and has a condo in Dupont that was bought by daddy and she didn't pay rent at all. Then she complains about not wanting to go to a wedding in Sweden because that's when she'll be in Spain, again all paid for by parents. She's 28 and she'd probably be my friend too if she wasn't so entitled. 

It's not common place but there are definitely enough people living here that get handouts from their parents that the other comment isn't wrong. 
I don't think it's the same but it's not bad, don't think I'd say great but good. I used to buy the Tropicana 4 pack but it just took up too much space in my fridge. 
But they're the ones who created the shitty feature in the first place. 
When is that from? 
Damn, that was my second choice because I've never seen anything like your apt there and couldn't be sure about Concord. Super surprising and super jealous. Granted I only go up in summers to Winnipesaukee and haven't seen that many apts in the cities. 
Now do it vs Cho ku nu or mangudai. 
Not in all apps though. 
My parents both do this and I have 2 93 yr old grandmothers. I was in my workshop last week and come back to my phone to see 3 missed calls and a text from my dad saying "call me"... he wanted me to walk their dog. This is literally the day that one grandmother had gone in to the hospital and had had tests run for 2 hrs and it was determined to be relatively minor. Like wtf, make me think she's already dead. 
Seriously? Concord? I never would've guessed NH. 
Yeah, I agree. Mostly making a joke, but if it's gonna happen the Persian bonus would be nice. 

I happened to have it happen to a teammate last week in a 3v3. He managed to kill 2 vils after both had gotten their TCs up and the other guy said something and quit. Teammate says he'll be useless for some time in teamchat which meant still basically 2v2. Luckily it all happened quickly enough the other teams teammates couldn't do anything to help. 
The only thing spread wider than your legs is your forehead. 
<3 Persians
Same for the one I shop at. 
Have your players stay on your side of the court and cover as much area as possible, instead of everybody chasing someone in circles, to definitely stop the probable basket. If they score a shot from 40 feet away at the last second there's really not much you can be angry about. Don't have the short guy who's good at dribbling the ball and shooting from outside guard the tall guy who plays down near the basket because he's big. 
Just to make sure I'm getting what was shown, are the only benefits of the lutron switch that you can still control the lights even if the hub is off? And that you can have it go back to whatever dim setting it is by pressing the up dim or full on with on? 

I really want to have my dimmer switches do 3 different 'on' settings. 'On' being full brightness, tap 'up dim' turn to half, and tap 'down dim' turn to 5%. Then when you hold eitber dim button it will change the brightness accordingly. Do you happen to know of a way to do that? 
[Yes?](http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/ssbb/images/c/cd/Toon_Link_Phantom_Hourglass.png/revision/latest?cb=20120827125123&path-prefix=es)
As to your last point, it's DC, I just assume anyone that doesn't have a recognizable Republican politician in a picture is automatically a Democrat. 

Either way, I agree, it's still really annoying. 
I'm guessing they're shouldering the cost of the delivery so restaurants don't care. And that Amazon is getting data of the people that will order from restaurants, how long the delivery takes, and probably more stuff that I can't think of. 
Amazon, the drug dealers of of delivery services. 
You, we like you. 
Lunch and dinner for the next day...or dinner for me myself and I that night. 

I'm more interested in is how late you can order. Anyone know? 
Yeah, noticed that after I commented and checked out the app myself.

But still, order for 2 people and you easily meet that. 
This is one of the few scents from Stirling that I absolutely do not enjoy. I had ordered 6 or 7 samples from them and this one was too strongly scented for me to even open. 

That said, I can see how some people would so if anyone is in the DC area and wants a free sample, let me know. All I ask for in return is for you to tell me 2 of your preferred soap/after-shave combos, 1 for spring/summer and 1 for fall/winter. 
Haven't had a chance to watch games the last few days, which one are you referring to? 
It looks like there's no delivery fee? This is kind of impressive. 
Salt and pepper for a steak like that. 

Sometimes something different if it's not just steak you're having. Like I'll sometimes toss in some lime and other Mexican flavors if I'm making fajitas. 
Yes. 
That is impossible to play on mobile. 
You're correct, there is no straightforward way to do this. Which really sucks because it seems rather common, Alexa actually allows you to do it. But luckily, there's a trick to get around that. 

In the Hue app, set up your individual lights with what room they will be in. For example, I have "Bedroom Lamp", "Bedroom Dresser", and Bedroom Desk". I also have "Bathroom 1", "Bathroom 2", as well as 3 and 4. You can put these in a similarly named group in the Hue app to be able to control them with a dimmer switch or in the app as well. 

In the Google Home app, I have a room called "Upstairs". I've placed all of bedroom and bathroom lights in this room through the Google Home app.

When I tell Google to turn on upstairs lights it sees the group in the Google Home app and turns them all on. When I tell it to turn on bedroom lights it will see all the individually named lights and turn each of them on. 

I've done this for my kitchen and living room as well and have them in a downstairs room in the Google Home app. They are also in a room called "downstairs" in the Hue app, but that's only because I ran out of dimmer switches and needed to control both from the same switch. 
Happen to know timestamp for transport ship hop? 
Huh, wonder what the next generation will have. 
So? After their ending I don't feel like anyone would watch any spin-off, except maybe Barney and his daughter. At least I wouldn't. 
Yup! You missed the too/to and should of/should've. 
The fact I said it at all or what I said after? 

It's wrong in the pic and I decided to be cheeky, stupid me didn't notice it's correct in the title. I'm used to being out of range from these attacks. 
*An archer

If your going too shit post at least do it write. You're mother should of never let you play unsupervised. 

Edit: Damnit, saw it was wrong in pic then decided to be a little shit without noticing it's correct in the title. 
I'm an idiot and didn't look at description closely enough. Was only looking for titles with African Kingdoms showcase...jeeze. 

Thanks!
Have a link to the nC vs Brazil? I can only find game 1 on YouTube. 
Well at least I've still got a semi. 
Idk, seemed she was still mouthing off even after she's been lead back and knows she's going to jail. 
But stickers. 
Stupid amounts of money ÷ 2 is still stupid amounts of money. 
Uhh, must not pull credit card out of pocket. 
Fucking adorable. 
Well that last part is just not true. Doesn't take itself too seriously? And how can you have your views challenged of you can't even discuss your opposing views?
Well God damn. I didn't see the image before. That's awesome. And glad they're adding to their travel space posters. 
When I used it a lot last year you would hook a computer up to your TV and go to the website which would have a code everyone would enter on your phone's to join that session. 

Tried using a Chromecast and the latency was way too much to make playing most of their games possible. I'd say card games or trivia owuld be fine but there are better apps for those to use with Chromecast, cardcast for cards against humanity is the one I use. 
Pretty sure BB cancelled it early due to "higher than expected popularity" aka all the people on /r/buildapcsales
Yeah, but knowing half the people in DC they'll now know exactly where to block people getting off. 
Lol. And on the other side of things, I'll take a car where I don't have my head brushing the ceiling on some of the short spots in front of the doors. 
Tell that to /r/Tinder
No. Buy the game, buy season pass, then they still have microtransactions? No. 

The gameplay itself is dreadful too, speaking for PC. I imagine it'd be ok on a controller. But I still hate how the ocmbat itself works. Granted I like other games that have a more free/fluid combat system like Chivalry Medieval Warfare. And I know somebody will reply to me saying that game is shit so I'll get this out of the way first...yes, the game has its own problems but the core concept of combat seems to be on target, the bugs in it just need to be ironed out. 
About doing anything or just what people think? Because I already don't care what people think, hence why I went out by myself. 
I mean, to give more notice I'd have to have a time machine because my friends decided they didn't want to go out 5 min before I made the post. But enough people have said they'd want more notice so I might post again another day to give people more time. 
Damn, now what I am going to do with all this duct tape? 
I mean, you're both right. 

But it is hipsters to an obnoxious level. 
A serial killer would've been way more persuasive than I was. 
It was kind of impromptu because people bail hard. But I'll definitely send you a message next time. 
I exhaled moderately through my nose. 
I'll share that problem with you this week. Minus the Long island's. 

I like to play a game called gin fist. 
Wow, he's a terrible public speaker. 
How the hell do you do that?
And where would you happen to live? 
You know too much of that game, leave here. 
I did that with my homework in AP history. Worked flawlessly...until the time my printer messed up and I didn't notice until I was at school ready to turn it in. 80% of the lines were illegible but my teacher still accepted it. When he handed it back the next period I had full credit but had circled one of my answers that was "I bet Mr D doesn't even read these so I'm just going to write in nonsense.". He also said "damnit, now I've actually gotta read your hw" as I, along with my friends and eventually he, burst out laughing. 
Wait, how? 
It's clearly because he said "officer" and not "officers". 
I did something similar once but with diving to the ground. Was playing a game of manhunt and started getting chased, ran around the corner of a house and dropped to the ground then rolled under the leaves of a hosta plant. These plants have large leaves that hang over out and over their stems, this leaves a decent amount of space. They covered me completely and the person chasing ran right by. I ended up winning when everyone gave up. 
Holy fuck. Arabia wolf lure...11. 
Criss cross
Use a mod where all buildings lose health over time, literally from the moment they're built, not just on cracked sand. Walling becomes temporary or huge investment of villager time, towers can't stand by themselves forever, etc. Just imagine your imp research almost done and you accidentally let your TC die because you didn't notice it going low. 
That last line...Lol, I couldn't agree more. I've only talked shit about her looks for that. What the hell was she thinking. I have pointed out now that she looks incredibly drawn out and stressed but that's not related to "her", it would be anyone in her situation. 


Fair enough. I agree. 

I was just pointing out that people talk about the looks of women and men in politics. "he looks like a guy I could have a beer with", "tan suit doesn't look professional", "cheetoh", etc. And I could definitely reference worse that has been said.  
So dig on Trump and Spicer for their looks. People already have. 

It's about the image that comes from the White House and it's talking figures. 
This looks like fun. I'm probably going to go if anyone wants to join. Mid+ 20 guy who likes good beer and to talk to strangers if anyone wants to join. 

I might have a friend or two joining as well. 
and mother's day shopping is finished. 
Link not working for me on mobile, mind pming it to me? I haven't seen this pic. 
Wow, you weren't kidding. There's nothing negative in there except downvotes. 
Apparently there are spearing species too

https://youtu.be/jW1Xmhfegf4

Fucking terrifying. 
Unlink your hue bridge and then once you have the new lights assigned in hue app re-add to google home. 
Sale still going? 
Oh goodie. 
Them fadezzz. 
So still no clock? 
I think you're correct. Though if it breaks and you bring it in I'm betting they'd replace it or refund. They don't love doing 90days returns on electronics for no reason anymore is the big thing. 
It does though. You can port the expansion into voobly once you have the HD version. 
Do you use right joystick to control camera? Can't tell from gifs and video. 
Come on, it breathes fire, Marshall. 
Try awsms. Almost the same as Google messenger but more customizable and has a night mode. 
We didn't know you could actually do that save +1080
You smoking some beer right now buddy? 
Hmmm, slightly worrying. 
Phew. 
I'm 6'3 and my head brushes the ceilings. I use my forearm to brace against it instead of having to find something to hold on to, probably much more sanitary. 
You've obviously never been to Christmas at my house. 
Your bio is as lacking as my childhood hopes and dreams. 
CNN had Boston at 250,000. And I'm pretty sure DC was closer to 1 mill
I went and saw them live a few weeks ago. Absolutely phenomenal band and when they played the Funeral as their finale I got goosebumps. Have always associated it with HIMYM and always will. 
Holy fuck. 
Exchange for light strip plus when BBB was selling them for 70 and you end up paying $35 per light strip. :D
Even if they're all on one controller so seen as one light? 
ty ty
Yeah, I've found 2 but 1 is XL tumbleweed for XL green (which really doesn't help) and other is XL green for L green.  I'm in the same boat as you and want to end up with tumbleweed, I don't know why I'm digging it as much as I am.  I could trade my L green for XL green, then XL green for XL tumbleweed but then my roommate and I would be matching, which is just a bit much.
Want to downvote so anyone with an XL sees me first but also don't want to be a dick.  How about we help each other out, if more than 1 person messages or if we run across multiple XLs we let the other know?
Altitude // XL // Tumbleweed (or green)

Willing to purchase or trade (what I already have) a size L in either Tumbleweed or green.
HAVE: Altitude parka // large // tumbleweed (and green)
trade for Altitude // XL // tumbleweed (or green)

Would prefer to end up trading L tumbleweed for XL tumbleweed (which is my top choice), or L green for XL green.  Whichever I don't trade is being bought by my roommate and we'd prefer to not match.

If I somehow manage to just buy an XL I'll be selling one of the L.
I actually have both colors, my roommate is buying whichever I don't find in XL off of me so we don't end up with the same.  Tumbleweed is my first choice but I'd rather have one that fits than preferred color.

Where are you located?
People were getting most of the parks for <$40, some as low as $26 I believe.  You'd probably want to attempt trading if you don't want to sell for something significantly less than you bought it for.
Im interested if you still have it.
I'm interested in trading.  Have Altitude in green and tumbleweed, was hoping to find XL tumbleweed but no one seems to have one for trade/sale.  Im 6'3 and 190 +/- 5 with long arms, its mostly the arms but the jacket feels small for me with anything more than t-shirt and maybe simple button up.
Interested in trading for the Altitude, I have L in green and tumbleweed, was hoping to find XL tumbleweed though.  You still have it?
How did your XL end up fitting?  I got L but its too small for me, long arms.  Willing to trade if you want or outright buy.
You don't happen to want to trade the XL parka do you? I have altitude size L in tumbleweed. 
What price are you selling at? 
You have size large or are looking to get large? 
I have an altitude in large tumbleweed, looking to trade for xl tumbleweed. 

Or outright buy an XL. 
Hot damn. Never been but was planning on going by Suitsupply to size for their outlet sale, might have to go by here too. 
Buy or trade for Alpha Industries Altitude Parka in Tumbleweed, looking for XL, have large. 
Eh, everybody here had issues even remembering how long ago it was, completely understandable to not remember correctly. I just wanted to point it out because I honestly wouldn't be surprised if there's another similar site. 
Minimum was 10x10 so either different site or just remembering pixels wrong. 
Thanks for the article. 
Gotta love that people still try to deny this. 
I'm just starting out and live in that area. Know any good lumberyards? 
I'm just starting out and live in that area. Know any good lumberyards? 
Better odds though. 

Ah, that makes more sense. Thanks. 
Thanks, but how is that helpful? I'm looking for an XL and so is he. 
Anyone order an XL? I think I'm looking to trade mine now. 
Maybe, I'm looking for yellow first. I can pm you in a couple days. 
I'm looking for xl but preferably yellow. Taking a couple days to try to find one but I might be interested in yours if I can't manage to find. 
Anybody order an XL in tumbleweed? I got a large but I think it's too small :( 

I live in DC area if anyone local wants to trade, will still do shipping though or straight buy an XL. 
Holy fuck. I get busy during the week and only check /r/chivalrygame once and this is what I miss. Damn. 
Clearly. 
http://i.imgur.com/46LCZP4.gif
You...I like you. 

Know how bread needs to be made. 
Let the money-shot stay for just a bit longer. 
It bothers me that the steak is cut straight down. Always looks better on the plate when cut on an angle. 
Video? We gots to know. 
This literally happened to me last week. Officer noticed and had me go through again, I scanned and it showed my balance. I get to my destination and gates won't let me out, like I had never checked in. 
Hmmm, I honestly don't know. I've never bought plans for anything before, or even looked at the prices of plans people have for sale. Always just based a design off of someone's creation or used free plans so I wouldn't even know what a fair price would be.  If I had to throw out a number I'd say $10-15 for printed, $20-25 for vector files/3d model that is detailed. Maybe $30 if it's incredibly well put together. 

I haven't done that many big projects, or even many in general, and would still consider myself a beginner. I got my first table saw for Christmas and am about to build my first workbench. But I live in an apartment with no space/garage so it's all living in my parents garage. 

I completely get that about price. It looks gorgeous. Do you have any plans of attaching a headboard? 

And I'm not sure how much I like memory foam. I've got a (as far as I know) standard mattress that my family gifted to me a few years ago when I moved into my first apt so am going to keep that as it's quite nice and I get a good sleep on it. 
I love the bedframe. Do you have any more details on it? Are you using a box spring (if not what type of mattress)? I hate box springs and want to build my own bed and yours is very similar to what I want. Really digging the drawers and shelf underneath. 
I feel like I can speak for a lot of people when I say this...Fuck off. 

But really, yeah, shits crazy. 

And lastly, fuck off. 
And it looks like I found a new band I like. And they have a concert in DC (where I live) Feb 1st. Awesome. 
I keep checking through the account that I created when I placed the first order. Just log in through their website. Both mine say sent for fulfillment, one actually changed last week to that from something else, can't remember now. 
Same here. Actually placed two orders, first day then following day. I got charged for both of them those same days. 

And someone at dinner when I was at my families tonight said "well what did the Democratic party do that was so bad?" In response to me saying I left the party. 
I'm using gen 1 hub with some gen 3 color, white, white ambiance, and lightstrip plus. Works just fine. 
Well that's one way to get people to start wearing them. Free cape. 
Ummm, I missed that thread with holidays and AI, mind linking? 
I ordered the green yesterday due to cost but now I'm kinda regretting that, haha. That yellow seems real nice. 
Same, even though I bought the green yesterday. 
I bought the green L yesterday when it restocked but was enthralled with the yellow. Wish I had waited till today and gotten the yellow L, but I probably would've missed it because it's now out of stock. 
Downvoting people who ask the same question as the dozen people over the last 3 days (more over the past week or 2).

People are either going to house parties, bars/bar crawls, larger events, or staying in.

NYE is a bar/party holiday. There's really nothing more to it than that. Either do it or not. 
PM'd. Not PMS, damn autocorrect. 
The fuck...?

How many strokes did he have while getting that paragraph out?
I'm interested. In DC area, for this price I don't care if I only need to wear it twice,it'll be worth it as I only have a bulky ski jacket. 
I got my gen 1 on eBay for $15 shipped. Working real well with 6 colors, 1 lightstrip, 1 ambiance, 7 white. 
What's that overlay you're using? 
Woot woot. 
Get some 3m Velcro strips if you want to be able to reuse it easily. That's what I'd do if I was mounting to wall.

I'm going to be mounting some soon but basically replace existing switches. I'll be rewiring the circuits to remove the switch so they're always on, mounting a blank face plate to where the switch was, and then just using the magents in the dimmer switch mount to secure it to the blank faceplate. 
I will kill somebody. 
Worked for me twice last week, though 1 store was out of stock and had to order them for me. 
I got some from an order last week then more in store a day later after realizing the br30s were ordered instead of the a19s.

They fixed the online PDF of the catalog but if you go in with a pic which has been posted a ton around here you've got a decent chance. 
Believe it expires 24th. 
Believe it expires 24th. 
That must be it. I had baconreader open. And it actually happened a second time right after I made this post...with baconreader. If it happens again I'll be trying force quitting the app and see if that stops it. 
Definitely not an emergency alert. No notification and no one else's phones got anything. 
I thought it was but figured I'd give a legit response just in case it was a new person. 

Sad to hear another admin has been doing that. We get enough pissed off people trying to troll us for us just enforcing TB rules. Though if it was a vote kick I consider that in the gray area as they put it up to vote and didn't unilaterally decide to kick. I personally don't like votekicking people for that exact reason. 
Hey now, we're only here to prevent flooding.

Sarcasm aside, doesn't look like it was a vote kick. That's someone who had admin privileges on the server kicking them with that message. Probably means private server.  

Official admins only enforce the rules set by TB. There aren't as many around all the time as there used to be but that's not terribly surprising as the player base itself has lowered. Half the time when I'm on there's so few servers populated I end up seeing another admin at least a little. I also try to always jump in the official admin steam group chat that people can come to for help from an admin. 
So when you get vote kicked a reason like that doesn't show up. 

Now the fact that that's the specific reason leads me to believe that you were most likely playing on a private server as no official admin would give that as a kick reason. If one of us did we would probably be removed as an admin.

If it was an official server pm me so I can get more info from you to pass along. Or you can contact TB directly. 

If it wasn't an official server the owners can do whatever they wish. Some people can be dicks, especially when they have even the smallest amounts of power. Sorry it happened. Best bet is to play on a dif server, whether private or official. 
Look for the post in this sub about someone dying their base. It came out looking pretty damn cool "racer red". A couple of others had commented after doing theirs, 1 blue and 1 brown. I'm going to be doing one soon myself. 
Lol. Sure, why not. 

I actually went to the one in Bailey's crossroads today and managed to get them to honor it there to. Grabbed the 8 a19s they had in stock. So once I do some thinking about how many I need overall and if I want to keep any of the br30s for when I get a house that needs them I could maybe sell the extras to you for you to exchange. Someone else messages me a bit before you so I'm giving him the first chance. 

Depending on timing I might be willing to go with you and try to help you or go with you to BB and see if they'll price match my receipt. 
I also realized that the wrong ones were ordered. I ended up with the br30s instead of the a19s. I'll be going back tonight or tomorrow to try to get the right ones. 
Sorry, have been super swamped with work today. 
http://imgur.com/a/kSu5W
Aww man. I was going for the A19 as well and didn't notice. There guy had to look it up a second time and I guess clicked the wrong one. Guess I'll have to figure this out again. 
Tried today. Check my post history if you want info on what I did. Though it's really not that much. Just was nice and personable. 
Have them look up the unit number from the fall catalog. That's what I did. Check my list history for more details. 
If you're literally going to the same site then it was Lami, Yami, or something like that who helped me. And Richard (?) was the manager who he said he had to ask to ok it. Take the pics and slip it into conversation without being super pushy. 
Donno man. But from comments on similar posts you're doing better than at least some others. 8 total is what I ended up with. Try to take a receipt to best buy which is my backup plan if I decide I want more colored after the 24th. 
This is at the Pentagon City BBB in Arlington, VA.

Went right in and tried to find one on shelf to bring to checkout/customer server but they didn't have any.  Asked front desk and they tried to find in their inventory, couldn't so I gave them number from the picture of the fall catalog that someone had posted here (can give links again if anyone needs).  They were able to take that and order me 8 at the $15 price.  Saved $280, might end up returning a couple, though I'll offer them to anyone in the DC area for the price I paid for them.

Basically just go in and be nice and they'll do what they can.  I talked with the guy about what I do for living (software engineer) and he asked me about what IT certifications he should go for.  Being friendly goes miles.
I bet you're real happy with yourself right now. 
I'm guessing because this will allow you to lose as little material as possible by lining up the sacrificial board/fence with the blade. If you're just making a 90° cut it's much harder/near impossible to cut the very edge of the board off. 
I'm going to laugh when this girl tries to go back to this bar after saying she's underage and then bitches about not being let in even though her ID clearly says she's legal and is a real ID. 
Change messaging to other team and tell them he lamed you. Tell them you'll open wall for them to go straight to him for scout/kt rush. 
Op gate

https://youtu.be/t0S06Ha2UE0
https://youtu.be/t0S06Ha2UE0

Another by Slam
Don't worry, he just wanted to use a big word. 
I'd prefer, "oh, I didn't mention that?"
"I have over pegged a coke bottle..."

Thought that was going a different direction for a sec. 
Well that's not shrugging significant to read at all. Could only get through a bit tonight but thanks. 
😯😮😯😐😯😮😯
There's 2 sets of lips. 
Promotion ended. Anyone see what they were? And would I just click on the email sign up to be notified of future deals? 
I was just looking for the link on mobile cause I didn't want to have to search for it on YouTube 
Huh?
Lol. K. 
Damn. 
Does it need root or anything special? 
Let me know how that Port City one is. They make my favorite will priced craft beer, optimal wit. 
Thanks. 
Ugh, I want a pair of Chelsea's. Was totally psyched for a sec but $20 shipping seems a bit much. 

I had 2 pairs of JCrew gyw ones but they were too big and now after this weekend sales they're sold out :(
Which one from home depot is that? 
Seriously, I'm going to end up paying $20ish more and have 2 Homes, all because they won't just price adjust. Whatever, I'm happy. 
Chops*
Hehe, slice(d)
It's more like there is $30 there everytime someone walks past. But each person can only get once. 
It is. I think like 6 months ago gauntlet and I would get on and randomly pop in to DW servers. Everything so easy. Viking spear comboing, pirate pistol+Molotov+fist. 

I've actually been banned from almost every private server for admining the official servers and stopping votes they did for people feinting, being better, and such. 
As someone who mained Archer for competitive thank you. I agree that that's how archers should be, but also Archer vs Archer. What projectiles can currently 1hit other archers and is there a real inventive to use them? 


Holy hell you weren't kidding. The lack of awareness is astounding. 
Hi, I'm Pies. 
Take this with a grain of salt since this is the first pair of Chelsea's that I've bought. And anyone who can say more I'd love if you'd say what you think. 

I just bought the JCrew Kenton leather Chelsea. $248 + tax at full price but I managed to get for $162 including tax. Ordered 2 pairs, 10.5 and 11 since my feet are weird and depending on build of shoe I'm anywhere from 10-11.5 or even 12, and the first one to arrive is way too big. Honestly thinking I might have to go down to 10. But the quality seems plenty good for the price I paid, $250 would definitely be pushing it. I like the fact that soles are rubber without being too thick. Leather seems like it'll wear decently and isn't too thin. 
Totes stick umbrella in stripe? Something a bit more than a solid color but still priced at a point where it won't hurt to lose it. Cause let's face it, almost everyone loses their umbrella. 

totes Auto Open Wooden Stick Umbrella,  Mens Stripe,  One Size https://www.amazon.com/dp/B005FOJAUM/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_.jZmyb2K5MRJX
Do you know what the sizing is like? 
Oh jeeze, I like that. Red is quite loud too but that price. 
Shitting before you shower. 
Gears getting ready to grind some salt. 
Holy fuck. I did not see that can't get him on the damn phone. 
Almost what I did. I bet that Sanders would win primary, my mom said Hillary would. I said ok, but I bet if she wins the primary she won't win the general. This was way back before Trump was clearly going to be the nominee too. 
My thought exactly. But I'm gonna try to get flipped side on 1 screen. 
Talking about your own? 
You have an extra s there. 
I'm 25 years old and here's my story of being a picky eater. Sorry if it bounces around some I'm on mobile and would realize I wanted to include something earlier and would go back and add it. That and I got a touch emotional writing it. I think you'll get it either way. And if you need someone to talk to more just message or something. Also, didn't realize until I hit submit and saw it, it's kinda long, whoops. 

When I was a very young child I wasn't a picky eater. At some point between 3-5 years old I stopped eating most foods. I would only eat peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, bread, a couple of fruits like apples or grapes, pizza (only cheese or pepperoni), spaghetti with butter and parmesan (literally not any other shape or basic tomato sauce), bacon, lemon dannon yogurt, and plain bagels with cream cheese turkey pepperoni and parmesan. Mashed potatoes, Mac and cheese, vegetables, McDonald's and all other things that I used to eat I wouldn't anymore. 

Around 10 years old my parents offered to bring us to Disney if I would eat a hamburger but I just couldn't. My grandfather would make faces and yell when my family would visit them and I would have something different for dinner. My parents tried to get me to eat an incredibly bowl of mashed potatoes and wouldn't let me leave the table until I tried them, I sat at the table for 4 hours before they let up. I tried a baby carrot and ran to the bathroom to spit it out and throw up. And Asian, Arabic, Mexican, or any ethnic food were entirely off the table until I was your age, like literally I didn't like being at the table with some of them even if it was normal and not crazy. 

Around 6th grade my mom also brought me to a therapist to try to get help. Which turned out to be an awful experience of the doctor asking things like "is he suicidal?" with me right there. This led to me uncontrollably crying and my mom getting pissed at him while trying to comfort me, calling him a quack, and storming out. 

This was all through middle school and didn't change going into high school. I was always aware of doing stuff with friends that would put me in a position where I'd have to eat out or at their house. I was "not hungry" so often. I can remember homecoming in 9th grade when I went to a Japanese steakhouse with a group of friends before the dance and got the tiniest, most pitiful looking salad you've ever seen because I wouldn't eat the meat or rice. I didn't even eat much of the salad because it had a ginger sauce on it. Same thing with prom. On family trips or outings I would hate it as well. And holidays were dreadful because I'd only eat the bread and pumpkin pie. 

College didn't really start better either. It was easier at points to hide it and I had expanded to ham and cheese sandwiches with tomato and lettuce, would actually eat pasta that wasn't spaghetti and would have basic marina sauce. Dining halls always had pizza too. I was far from a healthy eater and went up from  180ish at the end of high school to 220 at my heaviest, luckily I'm a 6'3 wide shouldered guy so I didn't look extremely large which I think would've only made it worse for me. Around sophomore year I actually ate mashed potatoes and can still remember my grandfather looking so surprised the first time he saw that and ham go in my mouth. I can remember finally being able to have a bite or w of steak when I was home for break, even if it was well done. I didn't suddenly eat everything but would eat things that were similar to what I already ate, and occasionally new things, Caesar salad with no dressing was a big one. 

All throughout this time I was embarrassed and hated eating anywhere not at home or with a guaranteed food I would eat. I had had one girlfriend in 9th grade, which wasn't a problem because it was 15 yr olds dating for 4 months and we never went out to eat often, and one in college who was a cousin of family friends and a picky eater as well. I wanted to date other people but knew I couldn't. 

I didn't cook, unless you count those weird bagel sandwiches (which btw are actually delicious and I still eat them but throw cucumber and tomato on them), but that wasn't what kept me from eating normally. I still honestly don't fully know why. I think maybe it started as texture and then became a psychological block that I just couldn't work past it no matter how much I tried. 

All of that is to show you that there are others who experience the same thing and feel the same way. There are others who cry over the thought of eating something new and over how it affects their life. But just because you do doesn't mean you always will. 

I finally broke it entirely when I studied abroad in Italy my junior year of college, at 20 and a half years old. I obviously went for the pizza and between that and pasta I was able to try a few new, but basic, things mixed in that I didn't eat already, say red peppers. And after being there for 2 weeks something changed where I was finally able to eat more. I decided that I had finally had enough and would actually try things, at least most things (still couldn't do seafood because of the texture), once before saying I wouldn't eat it. 

And I actually did it. I had wild boar, rabbit, artichokes, and even tripe (which is cow stomach, sorry if that weirds you). I also didn't drink at all, even in college due to my eating habits which I told people was due to age and an internship I had which I could lose if I got caught drinking. So I started trying wine and surprisingly gin. 

I got comfortable with eating and with who I am and it felt so different. There are still some things that I don't eat, mushrooms and most seafood, but I actually could if I had to. 

It took me 18 years and a ton of feeling awkward, embarrassed, discomfort, and nausea but I did it. And it sounds cliché but if the kid who sits crying over a tiny bowl of mashed potatoes can I'm pretty sure anyone can. Start slow and eat things that are as close as possible to what you already eat. Hide basic new things in something you already eat like I did with pasta and pizza. Put a single cherry tomato in a salad, one tiny piece of pepper in an omelet/scrambled eggs, or a slice or 2 of dice onion in a burger (literally in so you can't even see it). Find someone to help give you suggestions and encouragement who won't discuss or broadcast anything any more or less than you want to. 

And if you still can't eat Asian food...just date someone with a peanut allergy. That's what I did, though it was pure coincidence.  
 #2 as of 4:30 on the 14th. 
This isn't just civil protest though. They're committing violence and causing more divide than drawing attention to an issue and getting people talking about it. 
Know it's super late but if you or anyone else at Lucky I'm just getting there and looking for someone to enjoy a beer and the match with. I'm a tall blonde guy in Levi's jacket. 
What photo did you base this off of? 
Better representation when graph starts at 0. http://reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/5c5k4e/i_made_a_chart_showing_the_popular_vote_turnout/d9tyhye
Much better. 
Ah shit. It was Joey from Friends, "how you doin?" 
I really hate that people look at percentages and not raw numbers when thinking about this. It's misleading and disgusting. 
2:45? That election was over after the first 5 southern states were 70% Sanders. 
Can northern Virginia join in as well? 
You won't be disappointed. 
You...I like you. 
Damn. Well I guess since I'm just building out my home automation stuff now I'll wait until its worth it. But with only Home it's definitely more useful to me to have Pay enabled. 
Which requires root, correct? 

I don't know whether assistant or Pay is more useful to me. 
Have you modified your nexus 6p at all to get assistant? I thought the assistant wasn't available on it without tweaks or the neutered version in Allo. 
I only ever do shots of gin one way. My friends and I play a game called gin fist. If you have 5 people you get 1 shot of gin and 4 of water. Mix them up so nobody knows which is which and then everyone takes one and holds it in their mouth. People have to guess who has the gin and you can only swallow once everyone has guessed. Some people are way better at this game than others. Myself and 2 others love gin so it's always fun for us to play and watch other people suffer if they get it or not have a clue it's one of us. 
I only ever do shots of gin one way. My friends and I play a game called gin fist. If you have 5 people you get 1 shot of gin and 4 of water. Mix them up so nobody knows which is which and then everyone takes one and holds it in their mouth. People have to guess who has the gin and you can only swallow once everyone has guessed. Some people are way better at this game than others. Myself and 2 others love gin so it's always fun for us to play and watch other people suffer if they get it or not have a clue it's one of us. 
I only ever do shots of gin one way. My friends and I play a game called gin fist. If you have 5 people you get 1 shot of gin and 4 of water. Mix them up so nobody knows which is which and then everyone takes one and holds it in their mouth. People have to guess who has the gin and you can only swallow once everyone has guessed. Some people are way better at this game than others. Myself and 2 others love gin so it's always fun for us to play and watch other people suffer if they get it or not have a clue it's one of us. 
Holy hell, you weren't kidding. Can't believe someone close to 80 seems to be in such good shape. 
I've got 3 of them. Love em and great for summer. I got large and I'm just over 6'3 and 190 lbs. 
Fair enough. It definitely seemed to good to be true to me at first look. The guy did have some good answers to things but the price and vagueness about tech used in it was the final give away. 

Plus if an individual developed something that clean it would definitely have been bought out or manufactured and put on sale by a big name company by now. 
Except weren't people pretty sure that one is fake? 
Do they still have that deal? I can only find them priced separately for $69. 

Edit: nvm, just found bundle for $109. 
From the recent Tesla announcement. https://youtu.be/4sfwDyiPTdU I don't remember the exact time. 
Edit to answer your main question. You get the paid features of Pushbullet for a 1 time cost. 

You don't feel insulted by the dev because he doesn't remove features from free app just to put them behind the pay wall. Buy once and you can donate if you feel so inclined.  

In my experience join just also works a whole lot better than Pushbullet as well. I was actually using both when Pushbullet started their subscription to see which one I liked more and join was quicker and less obtrusive. 
/U/cmw15 said but the costume store in crystal city shops is pretty good. Not sure overpriced and staff is really helpful. Which is good considering it was packed in there yesterday at 1:30 when I went and jam full of stuff. They've got costumes and props/accessories out the ass. 
No. 
You're there one bringing age into a discussion about the ideology of why a politician is popular. 
Copy and pasted my reply to parent of this comment...just wanted to be sure you saw what seems most fair for a couple + 1...

Sorry, no way does that seem fair. The couple should pay more combined but not 2x the single person. Split the cost of shared spaces between 3 and then the couple pays however the want for 1 bedroom, other person paying the other. So say $1600 total, each bedroom is $500 leaving $600 for common areas comes to $200 each. That means Sam pays $700, OP and bf $900 combined, ideally with bf paying his $200 for common space + whatever they decide as a couple is fair for them. 
Sorry, no way does that seem fair. The couple should pay more combined but not 2x the single person. Split the cost of shared spaces between 3 and then the couple pays however the want for 1 bedroom, other person paying the other. So say $1600 total, each bedroom is $500 leaving $600 for common areas comes to $200 each. That means Sam pays $700, OP and bf $900 combined, ideally with bf paying his $200 for common space + whatever they decide as a couple is fair for them. 
I did this growing up in Nova and its no joke how much money you can make. Do a weekend tournament of 2/3 days could net $500 easily, more if you want. Games are shorter than normal so you can do 6 in a day. 

Reffing a regular kids rec league I could make $45 as sideline. Travel I could make $90 as center. That's damn good pay considering a game takes about 2 hours (between start times)
Holy fuck. That was 5 sentences. 
There was still quite a lot of green but plenty or yellow, orange, and red. Maybe 50-50. Give it another week or maybe even too to get better. But the colors weren't super vibrant, not enough water this summer according to articles I read. 
Just went on Sunday. I got the $40 pass because I hike enough anyways and it'll be worth it for that reason. Can upgrade from Shenandoah to National parks pass at a later date for $40 more so no reason to initially get that. 

Sunday was a beautiful day and honestly wasn't too packed. I didn't have to slow down because of anyone in front of me and was able to go as slowly as I wanted to look at views, I did once slow down and to the side to let some motorcycles pass. 

I went in at Thornton Gap entrance which took about 1:45 min from Pentagon City. 

Went for a hike and then parked car at Stoney Man mountain overlook for a picnic. Was great view and not a lot of people. Though an amateur car show did show up for a bit. It honestly gave us quite a laugh at them trying to line up their cars by color then a car getting there late and want to get in the middle of the line with the other same colors. 

Overall 10/10.  

Though if you're not going to take advantage of the hiking or anything else specific to skyline then the options others have mentioned are good too. 
It does include Google play music. But is only available for new subscribers. 

I'm currently subscribed to Music but am going to cancel and switch to YouTube Red and hope it works. 
I fully agree. Don't play her game now and pretend everything is perfect. Do what's required, let dad know what's going on, and complete NC when it's finally possible. 
Ah, I see what you're saying now. I thought in your previous comment you said OP was already living with mom, not that they could do something stupid like uproot her with so little time left to somewhere she doesn't want to be. 

My bad. And didn't downvote you but did upvote you to try to balance it out some. 
Father has custody and she's at boarding school. Only court order visiting and holidays. So it's not uprooting. 
OBS is literally the 3rd result when you google "free screen recording software". 
Omg, I'm going to have to do this. 
Other people have given great answers so I'm going to cover an even lower option that in my opinion is still needed. 

Cheaters. I bought a 3-pack of wayfarers off Amazon for $16 to wear places I'm worried about bringing my good pairs (beach, bars, concerts, hiking, etc.) And they are great. Polarized lenses with still basic frame, a little lighter weight than I'd prefer but they're like $5 per pair so I'm not complaining. I bought them to replace a pair of Costco Kirkland brand ones ($22) I lost in the ocean and haven't been able to find in store since. 
I thought it was a pencil. 
Daisy Rider. 
It's a little old but it's still solidly built. 
EU? You know. 

Wondering what school you go to. 
http://images.complex.com/complex/images/c_limit,fl_progressive,w_680/f_jpg,pg_1/f_auto,q_auto/uwuavfqq67vkj2bjur83/luke-cage-swear-jar
Does Verizon have contract and contractors though? I'm using 6p right now that I brought over from Sprint where I had bought it outright to use with my family plan there. I convinced my family to buy 5xs, mom has since switched to iPhone 6(s?), but I'm not sure whether getting a new phone on contract would make the price go up. 
Yeah. My 6P has a crack and I was hoping to get reimbursed by insurance and buy Pixel, but that's not happening. And now it seems like I won't even be able to buy a replacement 6p :( 
And the only downside would be that you're locked into a 2yr  Verizon contract and can't unlock bootloader/root? 
Do we know what the subsidized Verizon price is? 

I switched to Verizon with my family because it was barely any extra for me and we have a house now that is in Verizon only area. 
Nice looking site. How many total places do you have? 

And Theodore Roosevelt island marker Seema to be showing up in Crystal City.  And it's a picture of a bar for main pic, is that right? 
Charlottesville definitely won't. Blacksburg and Newport news will also probably not go to Trump. But between those 5 areas that's the majority of the population. 
Because they aren't even doing that right. It seems that if it had a bottom front facing speaker everyone would be chill, even with it looking like an iPhone. 
Went to a book signing at the Air and Space Museum in DC for Chris Hadfield. Brought 2 books, one for me, one for gf at the time and he signed them both. I was super out of it since I had just gotten a call that I should go to the retirement home to see my grandfather who'd not been doing well for a while. He ended up passing about an hour after I had got there. But there was no line so I talked to him for about 10 minutes, was really a great guy and fun to talk to, helped ease my mind for a bit. 
It is. The guy who was hosting it noticed it wasn't being used anymore and didn't want to continue spending the money to keep it up. There was talk of getting a discord server set up but I'm not sure if that's gone anywhere. 
Link? 
I watched through once and didn't even notice that's what he was trying to make. Went back to get hit in the feels again and still didn't notice. Now I feel like an idiot. 
A folding bike? 
Well they did rock. 
In HD? I had moved in July and don't watch cable at all but still have it cause roommates paid for sports and apparently we only get SD. I'll be watching tgevfollowing day unless I can pick up HD signal over air. I live 5 min out from DC in Arlington if you (or anyone else) know anything about that area. 
Gotcha. He was saying that Thor would be looking for Strange to help him in Ragnarok so it couldn't be after the later. 
Won't that be in the 1 month strange comes out? 
Case and point. 
It's at the point where I can't tell whether that's sarcasm or not. 
She's getting dragged into the car. 
You say it like they haven't been doing that since before she announced her campaign. 
Even better
I'd guess mostly because you would have to shift the angle of the ruler and there's no guarantee you'd keep the focal point in the same spot. With this the end is guaranteed to be steady. 
Video of that game? 
I'm getting that page is blocked for me right now. 
Minor text fixes. 
142k as of 8:45 EST
142k now
Well God damn was that thorough. 
I couldn't see actual map on mobile, only 3 city markers. I got San Jose, San Francisco, and one other one right there (name blocked by other 2)...I live just outside DC in northern Virginia and went to a small private school in North Carolina that has a heavy DC and new England lean, after NC. 
Costco has a good chest freezer that's well priced. 
Just curious to watch it, do you have a link? Either YouTube or file. 
Not arguing that they haven't done some good things, but they are still corrupt as hell. 
Ya know , except for the crowd chanting his name thing. 
Holy fuck, how do I not remember that? !
Yeah, too bad for them I'm not a Democrat anymore. All due to their actions. 
I feel like I read out lyrics to a "we didn't start the fire" 2016 election version. 
Time to buy a couple more lucky guinea pigs
I currently have these with a lepai preamp, great sound quality for price. I'm frequently around higher priced setups and for just 2 speakers haven't heard any that I liked more than these before getting to the $150+ range. 
http://imgur.com/8jAk0y5.jpg

http://reddit.com/r/RealGirls/comments/52vorb/skinny_with_average_boobies/

http://imgur.com/8jAk0y5.jpg

http://reddit.com/r/RealGirls/comments/52vorb/skinny_with_average_boobies/

Pretty sure invisible man was on top of her and Superman fucked him in the ass. 
It obviously caused you too much confusion. 

^ their reasoning, not me insulting you. 
Well since Amazon isn't welling the Chromecast I think you'll be waiting a while. 
Agree with everything you said except one part, Better Business Bureau isn't worth shit. 
Holy fuck, thanks for linking both. 
You got a snort from me
When's the cutoff for these? 
Magyars ;) I've done it a couple of times. Send 1 vil out after the other, first one runs past and down the side of enemy base, to wherever you think is best hiding. Then your second one comes and starts building the wall that everyone expects. FC and build 2 stables in their base. Suddenly you have knights raiding their eco and they rarely ever have a barracks up. Works beautifully. 
Sweet, thanks. 
I don't know about iOS but that's definitely possible with Android. Someone would just have to write an app for it  
It looks like you would literally have to climb into the sink to do that. You take baths there often? 
I thought the Barry part was good. I went back and watched it after reading this thread and i can see why Smith was happy with it. 
The one where the tin man comes back. They use iris as bait to catch him while Barry is gone. 
Think the runaway dinosaur. Season 2. Overall episode #44
I would but I've been told I'm not needed for the party. Based on downvotes I'd say other people feel the same. 
I can host one so you can get it when I get home from work today if you haven't found one by then. I should be home between 6-7 est. 
/r/ifyouhadtopickone
Still have it on mine. 
I gitted gud. 

That or admin hacks/desyncs. 
I'm really regretting not recording it. 
Haha. I honestly don't know how I was managing to do it half the time. Who would've thought playing a vanguard like a MaA would be effective? I do think part of it was no one was used to high amounts of smoke pots. 
:D sneaky vanguards. And thanks

 I didn't realized I killed you 11 times though.

The 2 flank/sneak plays I remember best on you are 1) defending 2nd obj, right off the bat threw smokes outside your guys spawn then hid behind doors for 10 seconds until you were engaged with my team, come out swinging cutting you down and I think Jade+1 more. 2) attacking 3rd obj, my team yelling at me for being over extended, I get under B and tell them to pressure you all alone on B, you jump down and I'm pretty sure you didn't even get to hit the ground. 

I got you good a few times when we were attacking on 1st obj too now that I think about it. But you still shot me down plenty before I could swing at you

Surprisingly I was told that someone casting said they seemed like an act of desperation. Which I thought was weird considering we had used them our previous match and for the entire first half of the one vs you. Like all 3 vanguards, not even just me. 

And even though we lost that was the most fun I have had playing competitive in a long time, granted I haven't played comp much on the past year I'd say. 
How could I. I feel like we should start back up for mordhau/mirage with that name. 

Used some awesome smoke pot strats that were super effective vs Kila B. We were working through GWA 2(? could've been1, in the seeded semifinals) and were on track to win before they subbed Waters in. 

I topped team with ez zwei, no wonder you only used it :P  And I think match for a few of games I played. 

Ask Jaderaven about the smoke monster. On first engagement on DF, our 3 vans threw smoke pots, I saw his head and I can imagine him jumping in his chair as the zwei came out of the smoke to pop his head off. I might actually have a recording. 
Technically ia and EQ are same, just had a rename when separating from the multigame clan. Waters just joined after that had happened. 
Guys, 

Unborn was using ez weapon all along.

No wonder he felt special
Daddy?
Wtf man, I though I was staring at a pic of myself for a second. We look freakishly similar, only difference is the beard up on your cheeks comes in better than mine and slightly more red in it. 
I live across the street from the one in Pentagon city, holy shit do I love how cheap and easy it is to get one. 
Factor cost of gas, the fact that it's their car, and their time and renting a car is a fair price. 
Like...? Genuinely curious as I'm in market for new desk chair. 
Happened to me, kicker was I was an RA (yes, we had to share rooms in some of the building). Bigger kicker was he had to leave his last room because he pulled a knife on one of his suitemates...who was his RA. 
That's the joke. 
I wouldn't say tropicalia would be great for what they're looking for. Not a large dance floor and even a group of 12 guys is gonna be a lot. I can normally have fun there because I like to dance and people watch but there are definitely people who should not go if they want to enjoy their night. Plus, there's way better bar/club places around 14th. And the same as you mentioned with 18th, I don't even know if they have bottle service. 

I keep wanting Port City Belgian trippel but they haven't had it in quite some time. 
Oh, is that where he is. I had no idea. 
It's the people with 2000+ hours that you have to worry about now. Some of us vets who have been playing since release have had way too much time. 
I love seeing us so salty to each other somewhere other than /r/chivalrygame. 

--
Shiv
There are still plenty of people who don't do crazy stuff like that. I'm rank 56 and only do it when fighting other rank 50+ people who I know do it as well. And I guess occasionally in 1v4+ fights, though still not a ton because it leaves you vulnerable. 
There are still plenty of people who don't do crazy stuff like that. I'm rank 56 and only do it when fighting other rank 50+ people who I know do it as well. And I guess occasionally in 1v4+ fights, though still not a ton because it leaves you vulnerable. 
In base aoe2 there was no attack move. The HD version on steam has added it in but it is definitely buggy. 
Link? I somehow missed this one. 
Just happened this past week while on vacation at the beach. Went out with family+family friends 4 nights in a row. On night 2 I ended up with a girl at a bar, family friends so confused cause never seen me flirt with women. We ended up staying till closing then sneaking out onto a dock off the bar and fooling around. We were entirely stripped down at one point then decided to go from the bay to the ocean to go swimming. Did that then ended up going back onto dock to fool around more and ended up fucking on a boat out there. Had this girl bent over port side facing out over the bay with a practically full moon shining on her full moon. 

My family thinks I was hanging out with a bunch of people till I got home at 4, 3 hours after closing at the bar. Only reason they knew what time I got home was cause my dad was up to go to the bathroom in the one right next to the door I came in. 

I then did relatively the same the next night except fucked the girl in the middle of a rainstorm on the beach then got blown and fucked some more on a lifeguard stand. It's very relaxing hearing the ocean while fucking. 
I was 5 minutes of the bay bridge when it hit. Instantly down to 20 and no visibility. People were pulled off to the side of the road
Yeah, I was out driving in it, completely insane. I was so glad I had just gotten off the bay bridge instead of the alternative, I'd have been terrified. 
Kinda impressed that they survived being at a thrift store
Fucking onions man. 
We've been over this, let's see what happens when it's not free. 
Bullshit. Ever since the clan I was in dropped out of competitive play and I've been playing mostly pub games, while mercing for teams here and there, I don't spin2win in them. I'll occasionally throw them in if I'm fighting a high skilled player that I know uses them or if I'm in a 1v3+. I normally and up at top of servers. 

This game takes time to master, I have almost 2000 hours and there are a ton of people who have more than me. 

To fight against the ballerinas take your time. Get in a hit or they parry you and back up while they spin. Punish them after their missed swing or stam them out. 
Holy fuck, you weren't kidding. 
Chandler? 
So we should be playing blackout bingo so it doesn't end in 3 days? 
Yeah, I know. I think these were approved by Benson as well. 
There was just a deal for 6 for $20 yesterday on Amazon. Can't remember item name but Android Police had linked it. 
And that sangria sounds way better. 
Thanks for this. I'm struggling being an actual software engineer even though I feel like I know how to write code. I'm very comfortable in Java and a few others but feel stagnated at work because I don't know how to tie all these different things in. Web stuff like ReSt seems to be giving me the most trouble and I don't really know how to progress. 
This really helped me start to get my head in the right place. 

I studied computer science and feel like given a task I can write a program to solve it. But now in my job and in general I'm having issues figuring out more than just the write some code. 

Do you have any advice on what to look at or how to get more practice? 
I've stuck mine in the wash and they've come out a little wrinkly but just fine.  I stuck some newspaper in them afterwards to get the shape back.  Mine were linen/canvas https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00DII1TA6/
Edit: jk, close to the same, mine were linen/canvas https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00DII1TA6/

I got a pair to use as beater shoes 1.5 months from when order time.  Only realized at the event I was at that they were .5-1 size too big :(  Still wore them and use them often for when I'll probably be getting dirty or wet, like at the beach and love them.  Just wish I had gotten the right size.  Mine are light gray though.
But it's buffalo wild wings...
Np. I had picked up a couple of pairs myself about a month ago and I'm loving them. Going to be getting more from the sale. 
Like dress socks? Check out Nordstrom's wool blend dress. Currently on their anniversary sale and decent price and very good price:quality. Can't remember exact sale price though. 
Yup, just bought them in northern VA last week. 
I go hiking in VA with them in summer and its hot as hell and too god damn hunid, they work so well. 
Yeah, even the cucumber muddled and broken up that much would bother me. 

They also had terrible ratio gin: tonic, but maybe that's just me. 
That or he does stuff all the time and kind of expected something since someone had the phone out and filming. 
My ex. 
And because I was watching them all day...https://youtu.be/2p2YvuyxTWM
Live 360 deg coverage of DNC floor: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3I46ANy0jFA&amp;feature=youtu.be

Live coverage of protest outside: https://www.periscope.tv/DoogieLabs/1rmxPDrEXpdxN
Tbf, half of the speeches at DNC were "Trump bad, must have Hillary"
I prefer this one, https://youtu.be/fjc0dfYPvHY, make sure you're watching at 2:00 mark. 
Imagine him doing green lantern, haha. 
Sweet. Thanks for this. 
I really need to start doing more with taker. 
Maybe this will get me to stop being on Reddit so much...nah. 
That's so many to show people. 
Holy fuck, every time she's in public eye she says something wrong. 
He'd hold his hand up in front of the " 'nt"
The fuck is up with the camera
Haha, I've seen a few of these but never knew there was a site for them
Nice job. 
I want a poster with all of these. 
I worked for their US company for almost 2 years and am not surprised in the least. They didn't care about their employees and were only only interested in profit profit profit and didn't really care how good a job they did. And this was not anywhere close to private prisons, it was software/business for a government contract. 
<3
Holy hell, nice. 
Yeah, could you explain the pledged delegates being unbound? 
Persians have bonus of having double hp on TC. You build some villagers normally, then move across the map with them. By the time you get to opponent's base you have a few more back at home. You then delete your TC and build a new one next to his base, preferably next to his gold. TC vs TC you win due to extra health. 

Search it on YouTube, bbqturkman has a couple good videos of it. 
Thanks, going to look into this. 
Great way to think about things and it definitely works. 
Just did ravens rock last weekend, was pretty gorgeous and not overly crowded probably do to 95° weather. 
Really?

You're going to say that? Try to imply that even though he's endorsed her that he's still in the running for the nomination? That he wasn't going to give up until after the delegates vote is what he meant by "going to the convention"? That this isn't disrespectful to the people who voted for him, the people that became delegates and spent their own or fundraisers money to purchase tickets for the convention and it doesn't even matter now? 

It seems like most people would have had less of a problem with him endorsing her if he hadn't said "I'm bringing it all the way to the convention" everytime he was asked by the media or anyone. 

My respect for you has drastically fallen. 
Fuck it, not getting my vote. 
She said it already. It's one thing for a frustrated supporter to say it, another for a politician to. 
He also said he'd go to the convention. 
Now just to root phone and put as boot animation. 
I'm surprised they were able to get up there considering how many white people must've been in the crowd. 
Holy fuck are people dense
Thanks. 

What mount are you using? 
Lucky bar is my top choice for any game. 

Public bar across the street had a large number of Germany fans for their game last Saturday vs Italy. Not my favorite place though. 
Second doing the others with pure black background. Would be greatly appreciated. 
The fun people are out doing stuff more. 
Persephone a nod to firefly as well as Greek myth? 
Good god, I can't even read the article on mobile because of the Android malware ads hijacking my page. N6P. 
There's nothing terribly wrong with his advice. Calling him the Guy Fieri of fashion is more mocking how he acts and his general demeanor, loud and slightly obnoxious. 

I do think he has some tacky advice though. 
The Guy Fieri of men's fashion? 
The Guy Fieri of men's fashion? 
I believe snakepit, it's an African Kingdoms map. 
Z5 Z5 Z5 Z5
Chocolate zucchini bread. 
Throw in some lemon juice and this is my go to quick pasta meal. 
I've been involved in comp a huge amount of time and still only ever went up to 120. The people who play at anything higher are ridiculous and everything I've tried I can't even enjoy. Great for them but I seriously wish there was a hard cap at 120, not just a UI one. 
Holy hell
Think it's a vanilla discussion here. And in vanilla longbow is worthless. Warbow bodkin all day. 

Unless you're still going for shortbow achievement. 
Fucking great. 

EQ comeback was the reason tourney got canceled, people didn't want to lose to undead (not unborn, he's only Dota) clan 
James Spader as Raymond Reddington in the Blacklist pulls them off pretty damn well. 
Try mint instead if prosciutto sometime. 
Not just you. I have that issue on my 6p
Softball. 
As an American, can we get some of them and a bunch of every other countries soccer loving culture? And the drinking in the streets for things like this, that'd be great too. 
I like you. 
2nd Lucky. Here now. With the weather there's a ton of room right now. 
Or...https://youtu.be/w5llLIKM9Yc

So that established Democrats don't have to run against grassroots activists. Straight from the DNC chairs own mouth. And right after she says it she immediately tries to backtrack. 
https://youtu.be/w5llLIKM9Yc

So that established Democrats don't have to run against grassroots activists. Straight from the DNC chairs own mouth. And right after she says it she immediately tries to backtrack. 
Or...https://youtu.be/w5llLIKM9Yc

So that established Democrats don't have to run against grassroots activists. Straight from the DNC chairs own mouth. And right after she says it she immediately tries to backtrack. 
https://youtu.be/w5llLIKM9Yc

So that established Democrats don't have to run against grassroots activists. Straight from the DNC chairs own mouth. And right after she says it she immediately tries to backtrack. 
Just started season 4 myself. Love it. 
You... Lucky... hehe (booo, awful)...son of a bitch. I'll only be there for evening games. Which means Copa for now. I'll be there on Tuesday night, for USA game, if you will let me know and I'll buy you a beer. 
I was at Lucky for USA Copa match and it was packed, also for Colombia afterwards. It'll definitely be packed for Euro too. 
I'm more saying that what one state's legislature looks like doesn't dictate what another does. 
State not national. 
Didn't know you could do that. 
New one today. 
New one today. 
No, lick the liberty bell. 
That's really cool. I knew Texas was a separate nation for a bit and they could've split into more states way back but the fact that there isn't a date on that clause is hilarious. I could imagine in the next 10-20 years the major metropolitan areas wanting to split. 
I figured it'd be something like that but didn't know exactly which states those mountains were in, mostly just playing into your joke and showing that even some Americans wouldn't know. 

I did not know Texas has the authority to split itself though. Have always figured Puerto Rico would be the next. 
Which would be...where? 
http://gfycat.com/TornBogusGardensnake
And I just don't even know where to start. Either you've gotten slapped and called a perv way more than your example happening or literally no one here would be able to tell you without at least semi-bullshitting why that's happening. 

If they don't seem creeped out I'd say whatever. 
http://m.imgur.com/fWIFURi?r
I...you...huh? 
We're coming out of the woodwork for one last tourney. Let me just go get the magic conch shell to call everyone together. 


Aaaauuuugauughhhhh

But really, if enough EQ people respond or msg me let's do it. 
So Chivalry medieval warfare. 
Holy hell, that blue one pulled down. 
Haha, you are on the internet. 

My ex did the same thing, dated 2.5 years broke up in Sept, got back together Feb, she moved across country in August and we lasted till Oct. Now she's trying to be friends...idgaf. 
Man, after my ex reaching out after no contact for 8 months, fuck this thread. 
Hey,
I'm currently on the tail end of looking for a place to move to. I currently live in Courthouse and have 2 friends and will be moving into somewhere by July 1. We've been doing quite a bit of looking and now there's been some back and forth. They've found a place in Pentagon City but I feel the rent for it seems excessive for what it is. I'm still looking at other places for us and have seen some 4bd places. Came across a 4bd, 3.5ba townhome 5 blocks from Courthouse metro for $4300 + utilities. Seems great but only downside is listing says no pets, I think we could possible negotiate that with a pet deposit and because its not a big dog or something.  I'm also willing to look for other 4 bd places but we'd have to find it soon because my friends and I need to move in by July 1.  If we did find something I'd be willing to split your months rent for July with you too.  Interested?  
Hey,

I'm currently on the tail end of looking for a place to move to.  I currently live in Courthouse and have 2 friends and will be moving into somewhere by July 1.  We've been doing quite a bit of looking and now there's been some back and forth.  They've found a place in Pentagon City but I feel thge rent for it seems excessive for what it is.  I'm still looking at other places for us and have seen some 4bd places.  Came across a 4bd, 3.5ba condo 5 blocks from Courthouse metro for $4300 + utilities.  Seems great.  Interested?
My favorite brunch place is Agora in Dupont, they do bottomless brunch, ie everything, mimosas, blodoy Mary's, food, liquor. Turkish style food with classics like Belgium waffles. Never not been satisfied. 

The owner, Ishmael, is great too, first time I went my group of 4 actually sat at the bar because one of the girls screwed up table reservation and he was the bartender. Was very nice and great to talk to. He also kept bringing us out different plates to try and I honestly never saw the bottom of my mimosa glass. We left way too full and way too drunk. 
Lol
Makes it funnier to me that it was Streisand 
To me its not about the fact that Clinton won over Sanders, it's the blatant preference that has been shown. A party is supposed to allow candidates to rub and show no bias towards nay one, whether theres only 2 candidates or 20. There's been blatant changes go the rules and conduct that has shown this tmhasbt been the case this primary. 
DNC and media. You can't begin to tell me with a straight face this has been an unbiased primary. 

And that vote difference doesn't include caucuses which could bring it much closer. 
I thought one he did 2 weeks ago was koth diplomacy but I could be wrong. 

True to it being koth and not full role play diplomacy, I didn't realize that's what OP was asking about and am unfamiliar with Mare nostrum 
Resonance22 does a (weekly?) Friday community stream and plays different game types, has done diplomacy before. Check his twitch for full schedule but there's one today at 1 PDT. 

Past that I've seen 1 here and there. If I don't get in the resonance one today I'm up for doing some diplomacy. 
So that's why the Clinton campaign and media saying it's time to unite behind her? They've fractured the party by having already decided on who they want before a signle vote was cast. 
You're right, they'll stop being bribed and blackmailed to support a criminal. 

And there are definitely not enough independents. 
Even if it's 10% of Sanders supporters that would tip the scales further away from Clinton winning the general than she already is. 
The DNC has power because people vote for them. Alienate almost half that voter base and you're in for a rude awakening. 
Also mouse buttons 4&5 if you have side ones. 
Hope this works with mi 2. 