What in the fuck?
Better comment. 
Bad comment.
Looks like Rincewind went rogue. 
This was a fucking rollercoaster. Well done on your progress!
[Don't shit yourself. ](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/rugby-union/2017/09/16/new-zealand-57-south-africa-0-blacks-hit-springboks-record-thrashing/)
Let's just cuddle tonight. 
I'm certain you didn't buy a 1080Ti without half an idea of what you're expecting.
Less Trump, more Rorschach. 
Codies don't have it, they don't have any, hence generated stages in DiRT 4.
Sony is the reason Pikes Peak isn't in DiRT 4. They secured the deal earlier this year. [Click me](https://www.reddit.com/r/dirtgame/comments/5rnuqk/im_paul_coleman_chief_games_designer_for_dirt_4/dd8pngf/).
Play it loud and on your best speakers, I bet the sound has a lot to do with it!
Dreadful title.
John Lewis (UK upmarket chain) has their Christmas tree up where I live. 
Wow. Seeking attention for a joke about attention seeking vegans.
I feel like nobody is into opera before they go to their first. I spent the entire morning wondering how I'd make it through my first and the entire opera with my jaw on the floor. Go and experience one!
Fuck this spam. 
What the fuck?
Looks like /r/incels is leaking again!

/s
Harry Potter and _Mort_. 
That's an awesome story. Music is integral to getting people through almost anything. Do you mind me asking what your pop was in for? Tell me to take a hike if you do mind!
Good ol' H&S, those were the days. I'll keep an eye out, thanks J&P. 
T-Gel was a life saver for so long but my scalp seems to have gotten used to it. It's not so bad that anyone notices it or I'm snowing in public, it just bothers me. Maybe I suck it up and see a dermatologist. 
What's your best tip for dandruff if someone is trying to take care of it with all sorts of products but it just won't fuck off? Asking for a friend. (My scalp)

Edit: I'm in the hospital with my fiancÃ©e waiting for our son to be born right now, so I can't keep up with the responses but I will reply to every single person who's offered advice when I can. Thank you hair friends.
There's a name I haven't heard in a long time. 
Grandma talking about wanting to be a stingray or having got the wrong tattoo, then appearing as the most beautiful stingray ever. Heck, man.
This is a team whose manager goes out after every loss and talks about mental blocks. They can get away with anything because he'll say it's a confidence knock. He's allowed them to become this team, his words mean nothing.  
SHIT I NEVER GET CAUGHT BY THE CENA MEMES. Now look at me!
I can see it. Maybe some apps playing up. 
Still unable to use these in Single Player once they launch I guess?
Sorry, Mr. Burns
Maybe I'm not you? 
It is trivial; it says a lot that something so trivial could stop someone playing. If you haven't been on a planet where you're surrounded by lots of small creatures whose variables for procedural sounds are all similar to the point where they're all making the same "eueueueue" sound and it's all that you can hear; then it's hard to understand. At the moment it's a matter of leaving planets like those even if they'd be nice to explore, but it's getting to the point where if I hear that same sound on another planet then I can't filter it out. Another commenter said it gives them a headache after too long.
The fucking screeching drives me insane. It will be the only reason I stop playing again and wait for a fauna update. I love the game but I can't deal with not being able to even turn fauna volume down.
It wouldn't bother me so much if the white dot itself wasn't so huge and such low resolution!
Here I am trying to read this nice Metallica joke and there's a **FUCKING** ASP in front of it.
But as long as all the alien races themselves have 2 arms, 2 legs, 2 eyes and 2 sort of ears eh? Or as close as a robot race can come.
Yup. Procedural generation doesn't *have* to mean a wolfcrab that floats through the air with swimming animations and tentacles. 
Shaidak's Generation and Big Things.
Perfect. Thank you!
They're all great, but number 7 is my favourite. The glowing planet in number 19 too; I'd love to come across that.

Keep taking screenies buddy, you're good at it. 
Yep, planning on it if it goes well and he's not strangling himself like your first. Your second sounds amazing though, that must have been really special. My partner's got severe SPD so she'll hopefully be in the pool a lot for pain relief. Swimming shorts are packed and ready to go for that too. 
I haven't played too much of 1.3 in terms of moving around the galaxy. I've been sticking to a couple and spending a lot of time in them. Is there an easy way to find rich systems?
Adorably infuriating.
Thanks man! Great pic.
Yeah, first one so bound to be overdue. Just keen to meet him now!
Thanks /u/f_bastiat! Partner says she feels less like he's coming now than she has for the last week. Hopefully just the calm before the storm. 
My boy is due today. 
Beautiful!
Bingo. The orbs are little a mini foundation update imo, the foundations of MP, character customisation. If they're going to do MP, they don't want thousands of identical, generic characters running around. Hopefully. 
I know what an achievement this limited multiplayer is, and I know that it's going to turn into... but these little orbs make me laugh so much. It's just so silly.
Six different styles or six different variants of the same style ship?

Edit: Found a [post](https://www.reddit.com/r/NoMansSkyTheGame/comments/6toaze/nms_exotic_sclass_30_seeds/) that has examples of 30 seeds of the new exotics. Orb style and... multi-dildo style.


Thanks man. Even more exclusive.
Are there many new exotics? I've seen this style and one other. Is it just those 2 at the moment?
* You will end up in the fifth dimension.
* ***MUUUUURPH! ^^DON'T ^^LET ^^HIM ^^GO ^^MURPH!***
/u/WaterGuy12 would love this bot.
/u/WaterGuy12 make sure you do it fren
Firewatch: Traveller's Rest
That's fucking glorious.
Haha please kill me 
I would. 
Yeah, looking forward to that! I played at release when it was just the 1 farm but I've started replaying on one of the other farms now, they seem interesting.
It's not my kind of game either, same for Slime Rancher. I just got totally addicted to both because they're so harmless and enjoyable. 
Jumping between The Witcher 3 and a replay of New Vegas at the moment. Attempting to play less simulation games but they do suck me in. 
Slime Rancher feels like the logical next step up after playing Stardew Valley to death. Properly relaxing, I love it. 
It took me a long time to come to terms with how vast it truly is. I started playing it in May 2016 and didn't properly pick it up again until May this year. Definitely worth your time though. 
These fuckers are a premium come Christmas and there's one just hanging around a post. 

I'm fuming. 
It's still the same as it was this morning. 
Me too thanks
... and my updouble
ðŸ…±ï¸rðŸš«fanity
Make it so. 
Grain farming.
It's rememberin' time, buddy. Remember to remember whatever it was you wanted to remember. 
Dandelion & Burdock every day of the week.
She's an important stepping stone for your journey to happiness. 
43 2017 Andy Carroll's. 
/r/ATBGE
I got you bro. I'll be back. 
Remindme! 4 days 
Watch the build video - it's linked near the top. The shot of the resin at the end will make your heart flutter. Satisfying af.
They got these over on the You Tube now.
Fuck this shit, Bethesda! 
As someone who's about to have a kid, I love this. And I absolutely adore your username. Long days and pleasant nights.
I, too, watch Graham Norton.
Are you saying it could have been a bug? A bug in a Bethesda game?


Heresy! 
Ooh, I've been looking for someone to take thenthapple's place while he's out of the game.
> http://i.imgur.com/DP1kR0f.jpg
>
> http://i.imgur.com/mcapB0W.jpg 

These are duplicates.

http://i.imgur.com/If7hwTt.jpg 

He also said "...grabbed a little brown paper McDonald's bag that was chilling in my passenger's seat from the night before and yakked my brains out into it while driving down a busy city street. Always keeping it classy."

How often do you puke while driving and not pay attention to the busy city street around you?
This is by far the most irresponsible TIFU I've ever read. You're responsible for not killing other people while you're driving, you fucking idiot.
Wowsers
Hide your face so the world will never find you.
Dodge RAM
Wow. -15. 
I'm loosing my hope for humanity. 
Ahh, nostalgia. I used to do that. :)
My, how the figuarative tables have turned... Now who's the fuckwit?
Good. Well that clears things up. 
You're on /r/gaming, you fuckwit.
Zing! 

*cries*
And yet look at the name of the power armor mod in the trailer at 34 secs. 'Horse Armor'.


Is this just some big fucking joke we're not getting? That's not being self aware, that's pissing in your customers faces. 
Utterly stunning, both of them. 
I don't know what it is about that first griffin fight but it felt like such a slog and put me off playing it. My last save was May 31st last year. Then I picked it up this weekend and have played 9 hours over the weekend while I've been on call for work.
You can't explain that.
Not strictly books I read as a kid, but I love YA fiction. It makes me sick of myself but at the same time I just don't care about the judgment. They're so fun. 
This is how the Event Horizon ship gets built. 
Stunner.
It might seem trivial but it's a triviality that pulls apart their consistency argument. These new emoji are god awful.
I love this sub. 
[PC/EU] WTS 3 pieces of raw jute.
And now you can play it with your boy. Awesome.
I think the YouTube Kids app can use your account and none of the spam carries over to your own homepage. Alas, it's probably too late for your poor homepage now.
I can't add any more value than /u/AdhinJT has, he's spot on. I'm fairly sure both Skyrim and Fallout 4 use it - it's pretty evident in Skyrim when you stop for a break whilst you're trying to climb up the sheer face of a mountain to avoid going up the slightly windy path.
My pleasure.
It's new. From the patch notes;

Inverse Kinematic System

The Inverse Kinematic (IK) System is a new feature in development that helps position your characterâ€™s feet more naturally on the terrain.

 This system can be toggled on or off in the Settings menu, but is defaulted to off.
 It is currently enabled only for player characters and their mounts, and disabled in Cyrodiil, Imperial City, Battlegrounds and Group Dungeons and Trials.

Edit: Ooh, a Gold pot. Thanks to whoever put that there. 

Should be easy enough to sort out if you weren't invited, then. Hopefully ZoS will validate that and reinstate you ASAP.
The pup's been discontinued but should never have been removed from your account (or anyone's account who got it) so ESO Support will give it back I'm sure.
Fake news.
Shut it, Pog boy. 
It'll be stormy in my world all week. RIP little one.
On my PS3, once the ad break is complete the program never re-loads. It's heart breaking, I have to quit to the main menu and go back in to the app then search for the show again. 
Ahh man - Strawberries would've been better! There's a place in the UK called Spalding that's like a hub of shitty fucking hick English people who can't stand "them immigrants coming over and taking our labour jobs" and their main export is farming, a lot of the jobs are out in the fields picking cabbage, lettuce, beets and the like. 
This dude couldn't bench press a Lego brick. 
I think I've seen this on PornHub. Father / son videos aren't typically my thing but I just had to see papa stuff his dick through those ear gauges.
Can that FitBit track how many lettuces you pick in the fields?
Did you use Samsung's beauty filter on this photo? The tip of your chin looks like it wants to be it's own person. 
The cummy white glaze on your teeth really makes them pop.  
Really achieves the the 70's carpet an' curtains look. 
And also we would need suspension.
Ooooooooh
Hey, I've redeemed yours. Don't feel obligated but mine is 27AQI. Happy golfing.
Applesauce. That's brilliant. I'll try this.
Legend.
How is the sound from your speakers there? Much reflection off the desk? Have you considered lifting them? 

Lovely little tube by the record player. 
30 speed quicker than the alternatives. 
Motivation is so hard to pin down. Many people think motivational quotes and pictures are the way to do it. They surround themselves with them. They're a nice reminder and they give you that "go get it, tiger!" feeling all the way up until you think about the practicalities of losing some of your evening to go to the gym or for a run. Then you sit back and think fuck it. What you've found is your key. Everyone has one. Nothing weird about a key, right? Opens a door. 
It's alright guys, I counted three blinks. He's happy.
Says the person calling Ep. 1 OT? Simmer down.
Boy I oughta hwip you redder'n a red guard uniform. 
If you're on PC, look below. If you're on console I'm afraid you can't. 

> To access the Experimental branch right-click on the game from the library page and select "Properties". Among the available tabs will be the "BETAS" tab.
> 
> If you need to put a code in, input: 3xperimental
> 
> Your new branch should be listed in the dropdown menu under "Select the beta you would like to opt into:"
That last line makes me happy. Though if they're patching planetary scan stacking in 2.3 I suppose massacre missions are at risk too. I'm fully ranked with the feds anyway, I'm currently ranking with the imperials because I've nothing better to do. 

Thanks for this post and the info!
Shameful confession time. I've never done massacre missions - are they fairly straight forward? How long do they usually take to complete?
I was thinking about this as a possibility on the way home from work last night, so your comment is really helpful. I only installed EDD earlier this week so I'll use your tips to filter. Thanks! 
That's why crisp packets only have 1/3 the amount of crisps they're meant to have.
My FAS is The Clothes Iron
I didn't think so. Nice to have confirmation though. Thanks /u/bam13302 
Can I find systems or factions I've become allied with if I forgot the station / faction? Obviously your rep with people drops over time but I'm stupid and sometimes forget where I've put work in... 
Pretty happy with this, and it's much needed clarification - nice one /u/EdwardLewis_Frontier 
It's a weekly thing at my workplace so I've turned it into a game for myself. Most recently I turned everyone's argument on it's head and told them all that for me, it's fundamentally about consent. That I love meat, milk, cheese, everything - I just need a consenting party. That I'd eat a human if they signed up for it, I'll drink human milk and eat human cheese if the provider agreed it was okay. When I first said "well I'll eat a human if they consent to it", one of the guys who's go-to is "but bacon" was utterly shell-shocked by the idea of it. 

If you've made your point 100 times before and they're still asking the same questions, take it as far as you can. At the end of the day, the point of veganism is still in there. Animals can't consent to being slaughtered, or being kept pregnant to produce milk... 
Veganism.
Why isn't it on my fucking S7 already?

edit - oh yeah... ^^^^^/s 
That's awesome. Your half-sleeve sounds impressive.
Here ya go: 

https://www.instagram.com/sky_trotter/
Do it brutha. Also, try the experimental branch if you haven't already and you're on PC. I had problems with pathfinder and exp. fixed them. 
Ooh that's interesting. Also explains why they're halfway in the ground sometimes! 
I don't often participate in CG's, /r/EliteCG is my holy grail when I do.
Turned off at Marks verse. Tried to listen again because I didn't want to judge it badly. Turned off at Marks verse again. 

edit: Opinion, not low effort. 
This brought tears to my eyes. 
Oh wow, I absolutely love this. 

/u/frontier_support /u/DavidBraben - you have to see this.
Well you keep coming back...
How's your head? o7 loverboy-or-girl
The Ken M of /r/elitedangerous 
I installed the experimental branch and that seemed to fix it for now. It's a 27mb update so give that a go. 
No good news for you yet but if I fix it I'll let you know how.
PC, fresh install, never modded: Crashes after showing the No Man's Sky titles in the star screen, after selecting game mode. Every game mode. 

W10
My native res is 1440. I can understand the game setting it to default to 1080 due to it being a new install. The 6 extra, non-existent monitors not so much. 

Had to fresh install as it crashed on launch for every game mode on the original installation.

No mods whatsoever.
#notmykwisatzhaderach
The M570 is a beautiful mouse.
Ooh, stunners. 
I bet if he reads this he'll just scree cause you're a cheating faggot retard who took over for a loser bitch.

Well fuck that guy, you're the best. Love reading stuff like this.
One of my best friends met his future wife on Tinder. They met like 4 years ago and get married next year.
I thought Arden was some source I should be following. 
And now we have Orisa.
Grass
10/10
My fiancÃ©e bought me blues and says the sound doesn't bother me but I still feel it's too loud when I'm gaming in the dead of night.
Hey where'd you get this recording of me? You fucking creep.
You know TheLegend27 too?!
I truly couldn't give 2 squirts of piss about Switch or Zelda. 
Ah fuck off, you mong.
Oh, Beef Stew.
Remindme! 4 hours
More of a Trump thing to do.
HERESY!
Without divulging far too much; I was probably too young for the job and he wasn't as involved as he should've been. 

It was an opportunity to work for his company and eventually get into creative direction. I'd be guided through the ins and outs of the business and slowly given more responsibility as I picked stuff up. What happened was I ended up updating spreadsheets and chasing suppliers while he had a mental breakdown and moved abroad. All came to a head at Christmas after he'd been moved into my parents house for a couple of months and made it look like a bomb had hit it. We all clashed and there was no way to vent without it being another micro-drama amongst the hundreds of other micro-dramas. 

I learnt a lot and wouldn't understand how a real business works as much as I do without the experience, so I don't regret it other than losing someone I was very close with up until then.
I haven't spoken to my cousin in 6 years after working together for 9 months.
I simply cannot abide a shared Facebook account. Especially when Michael from school wants to be friends but his bitch wife keeps deleting me cause she doesn't know me. I had to give up on him after the 5th friend request I received. 
Get it re-calibrated and then pop some cement glue on and around the knob. Shut that shit right down. 
I fucking love Bundy's Root Beer. Expensive in the UK though.
And here I was telling my fiancee how positive it is that they'd taken a break from ads to send a positive message. 
I had this happen; except *Elida* was Princess and she was attacking Cap, her brother. Who had killed her mother... His own mother. 

It was cathartic. They're getting back on track slowly.
Yes; it's possible. I have xposed.
There is a dark smoke effect in what I've cropped. Not the clouds in the back of the shot. 

http://imgur.com/a/QHXVX
Mate, this looks superb! 
Nice try, canondeath. I subscribed.
Bingo
Yup. I'm a Brit who's just watching closely, and I see basically the first part of my comment on every Trump thread. He could turn around and say he's wrong about the wall and the comments would be full of praise for the wall, we need the wall. 
I like Tammy now. Fuck you, Trump!

No, I can't do it. Fuck Tammy and fuck you, Trump!
Bless the Welsh.
"You want Brexit on that Chicken?"
Dad-Me-Downs!

Spot on. 
I'm certain you can discuss it with her too but it's been over a year since I had or made up that conversation. 
This is really useful. 

Oh uh, they got the YouTube videos with sound now, huh?
Aw, his lonesome bed above the church. :( 
$5 is like Â£300 these days! 
Jesus fuck. Wisbech on the front page of /r/all. 

Wisbech! Fuck me. 
Something something back to /r/politics 
And how about six times faster? That'd be trippy.
Aren't you meant to be somewhere?
"Uncoucoius"? FFS.
I guess younger kits like this. The simpler the more likely it'll be 1 bagger? There must be a better way to seek them out than my guessing though.
Steve Irwin killing cunts!
Sweet! Glad it's working now. 
No problem. Me too. What are your specs btw?
It's fucking bullshit. I was permanently banned by BattlEye and I hadn't even installed Unturned. I played Unturned for the first time 2 days ago. Please fix this. 

/s
Have a read of the last couple of updates' release notes. It's likely the updates to the trees that's doing it. I'm sure it says something about trees (and perhaps grass?) at High are the equivalent of Ultra now. 

Hold on, I'll find the bit I'm referring to. 

>**Foliage Upgrade:**
>
>All of the official maps have been converted! Check out the shoreline of Russia and the overhangs especially, I'm really happy with how it looks now. For a full rundown of the benefits of these improvements check out the Foliage section of last week's post. 
>
>Note that the old Ultra grass setting is about equivalent to somewhere between the new Medium/High settings, so you might want to tune it down. Enabling the scoped foliage option can also be expensive because it requires loading and drawing 2x as much grass. 
>
>If your GPU doesn't support instancing Unturned will show a warning next to the grass setting to let you know you probably don't want to enable it, although my guess is that if you were in that case you probably didn't have it enabled in the first place.

Hope that helps. 
I had Peugeot ground pepper on my lunch today. It was perfectly ground.
Thank you. Clearly something happened either while he was upgrading or around that time, I'll speak to him next time I see him and try to work it out. 

Happy new year!
Fun, fun, fun, in the sun, sun, sun
Yeah, apparently not been near any water though! 
And Finding Dory is fucking shit.
I love you /u/Boyareen.
It didn't even occur to me until someone mentioned it in another post a while ago. I've got a Funship and fighter and the only thing I've used the fighter for is camerawork. Â¯\\_(ãƒ„)_/Â¯
That's really fucking good. Felt a little like the cuts at the beginning were a smidge too fast for the music (not out of time though) but it still did what a commercial should do; I'm putting a Beluga on my Christmas List!
Yeah, I flew out to 17 D last night and got about 20 missions before the faction closed up shop. They were spawning in a cycle of 1 then 2 then none. I just want to treat myself to a little red Corvette in time for Christmas. 

Plus side, once they dried up I went out to some conflict zones and did some combat for the first time in over 200 hours of play. That was fun! 
Niu Hsing has an outpost but you get the data missions from a neighbouring system and that requires Horizons. It's on the cusp of going into lockdown but usually picks up after a few days to a week. Are charity missions viable at the moment? I can't find anywhere to do them. 
A bunk.
My mother always tells me I was the angel child. Never seen or heard and always well behaved. I would scream myself to sleep actually, but nobody ever heard me because I was in a locked car in the church car park around the corner.
Kevin Smith in bird form. Too fat to fly!
Any time, CMDR.
It wasn't sarcasm against you; I posted this a few minutes before you but put Cobra in the title. You got in there with the correct title before Reddit cooled down and let me post again. :)
This guy can type, upvote his post!
I thoroughly enjoyed that. 
Did you get to the end of that pan, scream "**FUCK!**" when you realised you'd missed the S off "Man's"? Then think fuck it, nobody else on this subreddit has done anything as skillful as this and post it anyway?

Cause I like it.
I'm getting infuriating loading and 0/0 missions. I want to fly my ship into a black hole some nights.
I'm playing a lot of Elite Dangerous at the moment and the first 30 pages or so of Dune have excited me greatly. Your comment broke the camels back, I've been meaning to read it for years.
I truly wish I could dance the commala for the first time again. 
Fuck yeah, enormous bottle of Kahlua!
Special needs shit merchant is a beautiful turn of phrase for a special kind of idiot. Poor guy. His ship must reek.
So this place is just white people in gif format now?
Ha - I always feel like that when I root but as long as you follow a decent tutorial, you'll be fine. Especially with the Shield as there's a community for it and not 4 million ROMs to choose from. Speaking of which; check [this link](http://nvidiashieldzone.com/shield-tablet/shield-tablet-k1/root-shield-tablet-v1-marshmallow-2/) out. Nvidia Shield Zone is my go to. 

So far as installing Windows games to run from the hard drive of the Shield? No, it won't allow that. Is that what you meant? You can get console Emulators and such on the Shield though. 
I had the same issues and couldn't get them resolved to for satisfactory use, and I tried a he'll of a lot. I ended up getting [Sixaxis Controller](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dancingpixelstudios.sixaxiscontroller). I was rooted anyway.
Depends what Meeseeks' order was. He'd presumably fight until he won unless he was fighting 2 strokes of Jerry's game.
I agree with /u/Super_Whack. To add to that, I fucking hated the idea of R&M and didn't watch it for ages because I had people bleeting on at me to watch it and telling me what happens that makes it so cool and it seemed like just another fad cartoon people were jumping on. Rick Potion #9 was probably the first episode I hadn't been told about and the first time I ended up being wowed. I finished the last episode of season 2 last night too. Fucking emotions everywhere. No cartoon has made me feel the way R&M does, except for Futurama. Jurassic Bark, man.  
He can be the police chief of my heart.

Wait.. is that suicide? I mean I respect him! 
IFLS can fuck off.
And what about his wife, American English?

To shreds, you say.
To be fair, VATS used on any target is *cheaty*. It's a device that detects all lifeforms and stops (fo3) or slows down (fo4) time, so you can target and fire on threats.  

Not that I don't use it. Just my 2c.
Because you couldn't stand by your comment. I didn't bitch about anything; just pointed out a fact. 
You're the pussy who deleted your -30 comment. We all saw it, dickhead. 
The entry and queue looks like a Vault from Fallout! 
I would much, much prefer alk3 and AvA tours to matt-182. Matt is better in alk3, Tom is better in AvA now that Mark and Travis don't want to wait to make more music. Which is fine. Call yourselves +44. 
Get FUCKED.

Not you, OP. love you.
I never wanted POSH to be on the front page of /r/all...
Absolutely stunning photo!
I didn't think you guys were talking since it was announced Tom was kicked out of blink?
I haven't updated Immersive Sounds Compendium yet and don't have this issue but make sure you're updated as /u/wuhwuhwolves says; may be that. Otherwise I'd try disabling Reverb and Ambiance Overhaul and test. I had no end of issues with RAO to the extent I had to uninstall it.
Love my Scimitar. Scimibros.
You beauty. My app is up to date according to Play store so perhaps it's regional releases. I've gotten it from apkmirror now. Thank you.
How do I make with the gifs? I tried to send one and it was static, /u/kaiokenx4! Static! I'm a travesty.
Can I have gifs now? My asshole iOS friend is sending me gifs! 
It was entirely expected cause you stole this fucking post from last night.
Bullshit. 
Incredible screenshot. 
I haven't seen a procedurally generated monumental cunt in the game yet.
I'm not seeing that anywhere and I looked for corrections in old Clinton articles - have you got a source? Happy to be corrected.
I mean... more actual people voted for Hillary. and I'm not a Hillary supporter. but if the tables were turned and she'd won by the same margin Donald did, you would be screaming about it being fixed and the shame of your voting system. 
You're referring to this?

> "Hmm.... I cannot say what happened. I was not there to observe. I was in an Outer Realm at the time, and when I came back, my people were gone. I left Red Mountain, wandering Tamriel for years, searching our deserted colonies, looking for a survivor or an explanation. Then, a long, long time ago, I returned to Red Mountain, still looking for answers. Instead, I found corprus disease, and I have been here ever since. I have theories, if you are interested."

Or this, which is just Bagarn's theory?

>Lord Kagrenac, the foremost arcane philosopher and magecrafter of my era, devised tools to shape mythopoeic forces, intending to transcend the limits of Dwemer mortality. However, in reviewing his formulae, some logicians argued that side effects were unpredictable, and errors might be catastrophic. I think Kagrenac might have succeeded in granting our race eternal life, with unforeseen consequences -- such as wholesale displacement to an Outer Realm. Or he may have erred, and utterly destroyed our race."

You make it sound like nobody has paid attention yet Yagrum clears up nothing and it is very much a mystery - a mystery of few theories, but mystery nonetheless. 
I thought the final product looked damp and fucking disgusting until I realised they were all wrapped. These look taaaaaasty!
It's a paradox. The celebrity businessman Donald Trump is telling you vote for presidential candidate Donald Trump. 
I guess cause he's a celebrity businessman. 
         S
         H
     P R I M E 
         T
         P
         O
         S
         T
I played GTA 1, GTA: London mission packs 1 & 2, and GTA 2 all at release. I bought GTA 1 with pocket money from vacuuming for a week. My older brothers friend sold it to me for Â£10 without a case. 
Can this be tagged "NASTY WOMAN"? The ironing is delicious!
I think I've just been sick.
This is beyond meta.
Heard it called the megapatch earlier.

The megapatch! Pfft.
WE RIDE, WE DIE, WE RIDE AGAIN! 
In which case your wording is quite poor. It sounds threatening.

What the fuck? Is this a threat?
To shreds, you say. Very well then.
Can't do it, buddy. I'll be watching you.
Read his comment history
My mother was forced into having me, so now I'm here to show you the light.
Shut the fuck up, you fucking idiot.
His next Horcrux!
Only the fucking British. We love a tribunal.
I can also type long sentences without punctuation detailing that the PS3 was horrible just horrible awful all round not worth the plastic it's printed on if you ask me /s
I could cry. 
Fantastic.
I've been doing this since 2001.

That is a bit wordy. 
I'd definitely say SSDP right now. Quality will come though. In time. Maybe. 



Perhaps. 
It's not a repost if you fuck the order of the images up before posting.
Dude I'm not so sure you learned how to use it. +1 for blink though.
She doesn't have a smartphone, TV or laptop. She has a log burner. It's like the world is against me.
Yeah? Well my neighbour did the same and when I cheerily mentioned I'd take theirs out next week she said she locks her bins behind a gate and not to bother. She then sporadically took the bins out for me whenever she fancied it with no pattern. 
I was so intensely confused when I started reading this. And by the end I couldn't stop laughing. And then I felt sad that this could happen to my fiancee.
If I had Â£1 for every time I read a combination of Dear Sean or Dear HG or Dear Sean and HG on this subreddit, I'd probably have my money back for No Man's Sky.
You're going to fucking hell for ruining the punchline.
+1 for Goper and Al, I'll check out JuiceHead. MxR is an annoyance but I must admit I've found 1 or 2 good mods from his videos. Ultimately it comes down to how much you trawl videos to find decent mods.
Hey I voted for you, you deserve all of those goodies.
I like this one a lot. You perfectly set the scene, I could see the manor! Loved how casual everyone was. 
How the fuck did Caliofrnia get to the front page?
They told me S was an 8 dollar letter, so I told them to shove that letter up their candy S! 
It's like an angry Elias from Clerks 2.
I agree with you. Combat is a facet of Elite; this isn't DCS in space.
Hmm... I'm not really ready to admit that a month has passed me by that quickly. 
Yeah, it hasn't really kicked off. Started floating around last week sometime. You (you) vs the guy she told you not to worry about (the really, really, ridiculously good looking or superior in other ways guy she's bangin'.)
You can do it, it's been on the sub before. A long while ago. No specific interaction though. 
This isn't crappy, you liar! Please try again.
Whilst I adore FFB, I have done races in iRacing without any FFB and performed very well. Forza isn't the kind of game I'd play with a wheel but I'd say FFB is dependent on you. 
That is just lovely.
That's awesome. Well done, Dad! 
Yes! Thank you.
Don't fly what you can't rebuy!
Atleast you're learning ;) and you reworded the main post too. that's brilliant. 
it's **HAVE** not **OF**, btw. your sentence should have read:


*I know it is a surprise to many have you but it might happen.*


please edit
The cost of replacing all those modules...
Amazing.
You paid full price for a quarter of a game and the devs have gone quiet. asking for some sort of feedback is NOT 'entitled bullshit.'
Don't be dogging on /u/rodaphilia 
Hey, your Forza Apex video at the top of the channel is misspelt as 'Froza.'
The money has been made. Doesn't matter who plays the game now. We'll get patches that keep on missing obvious bugs, minimal new content which Sean will say is truly amazing, and then they'll get back to Joe Danger. these are the guys that made Joe Danger after all.
Fdev came through! All good. Support checked the logs.
Nothing is sacred! Except uBlock Origin.
I ended up deleting some of my comments in there because even if you're trying to add to a seemingly chilled conversation, you end up getting downvoted. Mods will remove as soon as you post this anyway; *there must be NO banter between the subreddits!*
Whatever it is, don't call it a worm and DO NOT post it to /r/NoMansSkyTheGame
Yes, I own one. Thanks
I very rarely play kb/m now unless the game requires it, something like Civ. Almost everything has levels of controller support, certainly any game being released on PC and consoles.
You should stop rolling your expensive hardware. It's not good for it.`
Pfft. This would have been better.
You seem *very smart.*
Out of the 2, I'd have to say the Federation one is definitely my favourite. 

^^^^^i ^^^^^don't ^^^^^know ^^^^^the ^^^^^track ^^^^^names, ^^^^^I'm ^^^^^sorry

edit - so if you look at the OST when a capital ship drops in, "Combat & Extras: Combat - High Intensity - Threat - Section 1" plays. If we look at [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=de78Odrw6KE), I'm pretty sure what follows is "Combat - High Intensity - Engagement - Section 2". It could be different combos on other occasions? But in all the videos I watched, it's Threat - Section 1 when they jump in, for both the Farragut Battle Cruiser and Majestic Class Interdictor.
Are you okay?
I like seeing connections to earlier parts. When the brothers were taken in the seemingly on-it's-side Brunhilde earlier, they were confused as to why it seemed completely upright inside. Gyroscope, bitch.
Sell some trading cards?
Laughed out loud. Thank you.
Aw, I need to update my group's icon.
Does thee not have something you've ne'er had before?
Fucking hell-fire! Is this part of Nuka World?

Edit: I scrolled. Yes, yes it is part of Nuka World.
Fight me!
Uhhh? It's Th**ARG**oid's, duh. 

/s, don't hurt me
That's sweet! Thanks. I've been tucking away Engineer materials for a while now but holding off looking into what to do with it all until I'm in a more permanent ship. 
Nope - you said it! YOU CAN'T JUST BREAK PROMISES! /s

I'm working my way up the ranks with the feds at the moment anyway so Sothis/Ceos works on multiple levels for me tbf. Not for the Corvette though - yet. I was being sarcastic but I think I might make it my goal to go from a Hauler to a Corvette...
Awesome. Yeah I've been using eddb quite a lot. I do like that. Thank you Mr. Pool! 
Thanks for that. So I can achieve that with some luck. So basically you're saying in a week I can be in a fully kitted Federal Corvette? I'm holding you to this!
Awesome, thank you. I thought that was the case cause I see people talking about making sure they're waiting for missions that are 500k per TON which was blowing my mind. I don't want that kind of money but I do want to head out there and get involved. 
As a youngster with just 16 tons of space in my trunk but a 26Ly jump range, do you think I can benefit much from Sothis/Ceos? Or is there a suggested bare minimum before you head over and begin hauling?

Edit: You're all so kind and helpful. It makes me wanna puke! 
I feel like that whole video was 10 times more than I asked for. Awesome editing! 
Okay. So in this state is there reliable / constant opportunity for decent money (decent to someone who hasn't broken their first 5 million) making data deliveries between the 2? Obviously not the bulk of the money people speak of as they're long hauls if I understand correctly.

ninj'edit - I'm not correct - I've just seen in another post specifically why it's good having both, it's about the rep as you mentioned and not so much the money.
Thanks /u/Bandwidth_Wasted!
I do!
Weight: 7.5m
Height: 1kg
What the fuck.
o7 
I'm really glad you took that lightheartedly. I knew it was risky probably getting downvotes even with the sarcasm tag! 
Made shit loads. We lost that fantastic voice 8 years ago. 
Will it fuck me in the ass and take my money if I go near it? /s
Ahh. Thank you.
You sick fuck! I love it.
Thanks on behalf of everyone who isn't me! 
Ha! Yeah, right? I mean, like what game is he and what game are you? Obviously I know. 

But for all these other people, like, you should tell them. For context.
Yes, me too! 
This is absolutely brilliant. Thank you! 
Chyeah, I wish! 
Oh I love this thread. I thought it was just me and that I was fucking stupid. I'm not fucking stupid! 
Like this [little chap](http://i.imgur.com/XLpofmI.png) in the left wing of my ship? 

Edit - Right wing, I'm dumb. Left side of the pic! 
Just fyi: I've had several pirates follow me into the atmosphere and had fine battles with them down there. 

This isn't the game we were advertised, so I'm not disagreeing, just wanted to highlight that one detail.

Thanks mate.
I too have a 21:9 monitor. Mine is a standard 1080 panel with cardboard taped to the sides. 
Copy this link and tweet it to Sean and HG. ask for answers. I have. we all should. this is irrefutable evidence of being misled.
That's beautiful.
Didn't notice you'd done anything until you apologised for it and then I went looking. keep at it. hopefully we'll get a feature to remove way points soon! 
You gotta explore. For him.
I play both. Elite is life. NMS is the game I play in my Cobra's bunk, while killing time til a bounty arrives in my system.
Is tan bull, not constant in opal.
I like you. You're reasonable. I'll get you screenshots, /u/kingjibby. 
I think the concern here is that lingering Sony logo, you know? Logically of course it's gonna work, but it's nice to have confirmation.

Replied to the wrong person! Meant to reply to /u/callmelucky 
http://www.no-mans-sky.com/ is still working which nomanssky.com redirects to. 

Sorry, you've approached this wrong. You're meant to present this as a fiasco. 

Here's your pitchfork.

---E

It's a nice one. I got it for you over at the /r/PitchforkEmporium! She's basic but she'll get the job done. 

Please re-post. Thank you. 
I'm going to top myself. 
Nice - that's interesting, thank you. I'm excited to get caught up in these hazards! 
Not to mention the downvote parade if you happen to disagree with a sub-set of people who are disappointed. You get it everywhere but it's a LOT worse since yesterday.
This is the most creative name generator I've come across - and I've been trying them all!

Thank you for sharing! 
Silly question as I've not played yet - how do you know it rains acid? Does the game inform you of that particular weather type / hazard? Is it obvious via other means?


That sounds incredible. 
Come again?
3 is what I always took from his comments on the matter but yet again there was no clarity. I hope for 2 as well.
YOU MEAN I GOTTA MAKE THIS MYSELF?
Do you want them to come to your house with a projector and presentation?
Fuckedy-bye! 
Is this at the end of Salem's Lot?
Is that a bet? 

I'm game.
/u/flyinjahwaiian didn't specify how many times to say it. Is it 3 times, like Beetlejuice? 5 times? You might have to say it 18 quintillion times, by which time NMS should definitely be out. 
Thank you! I'm always mixing my GMGs with my GOGs. I like GMG. 
Unfortunately not. It's only being sold via GMG, Steam, HG direct (I think) and iam8bit for PC. 
No. Sony have put big bucks behind this game and only want 3 days before PC gets it. 
Great, fuck off then.
oh I hate Synapse with a passion.
As do I! 
I radlcrey evrytim
I am actually crying. Oh fuck.
The official source, not the unofficial source.
S O N Â¥
Funny you submit this today; I fell asleep while playing Elite Dangerous last night. I was in supercruise on a long haul to a planet and woke up a short while later... .22Ly away from my destination. I'd been asleep for 2 hours. The ambient, comforting sounds of space is what I'm most excited for. 
bruhh
If it's "not [your] kind of game", you haven't researched it, and you don't know how the engine works, don't fucking tell other people what to do.
Your reference point is Fahrenheit. no reason you should have it any other way. I wouldn't prefer F over C just because I'm not actually "feeling it."
Shit, sorry, I'm an idiot - you SAID model. It looks similar to the SR80SL with some key changes, but Fisher have so many pens it could be based off another or even a hybrid of 2.
Fisher.
muh voxels are too low
EVGA GTX 980 here. 
/r/NoMansSkyMeet - it's for fun.
I've missed this kind of post on the sub. Welcome aboard.
Sometimes you know that you need to experience a game yourself before making a decision and not letting someone else make your mind up for you.
Get out!


/upvotes
Oh you little cunt
This album was posted exactly one year ago and got to the front page then. I'm not complaining.. I'm sure it's been posted 50,000 times since, just odd that it was top then and I saw it top today too.
I fucking love playing on peaceful. 
Welsh are the sheep fuckers. Not up on my Scottish sheep shagging though so maybe Aberdonians do too.
You stole a shit meme from Facebook. Congratulations. http://imgur.com/LW5gaZr
I love you
I'm a PC guy who thought he meant this kind of radiator: https://www.overclockers.co.uk/water-cooling/components/radiators


But the more I thought about it the more it seemed crazy to have spent that much. I was more of a happy sloth (please gimme a fact) when I realised that the other commenter had been duped. We're all in this together.
You don't get it. His radiator broke.



Steam. Radiator. Make sense?
Love you, Nat.
If I had a synth, I'd sell it in a second.
The album isn't even out yet. Let's add new tracks to the set list based off a leak.
Nobody wants to blow their load too early.
Oh boy! Rad-Butt buddies!
Daniel Radcliffe's delicious asshole. 
[What the...](http://i.imgur.com/tBzctB8.gif)
Hagrid is a mighty name for a mighty build.
I live in Peterborough! And I know someone named Alex S... but you're not they. 

What? What is it now, mother?
In your original picture it was dragging a back leg but appears to be using it here - is the dragging leg a side effect of the thirst? As someone else said - spiders use hydraulics to move, so I suppose the back leg wasn't getting enough water?
So... We like EA now? I mean, outside of origin and their customer service?

Thank you for the confirmation! That's what I was looking for. I did some more reading and found that MD is a misuse, and that the actual name is SR like you say. 
Hi guys. First off - I think this is within the be rules! I read the sidebar. So this lens is a Sigma Macro lens and I'm sure it's MD but I'm new to this. The lens itself is very old and it belonged to my fiancees grandfather along with 2 bags full of analog photography goodness. 
He can score??

Bravo.
Good, you're not a baby cow. Or maybe you are. This is the Internet. 
That achievin' feelin'.
He's not Sophie Turner. 
Yeah, no... you're wrong. Edge Case next door has an in house QA department and they're no bigger than Hello Games. HG have in house. Trust me.
You're commenting in the WRONG place! 
I love Alchestbreach and Gopher. This guy knows.
Quelle fucking surprise. Nice one Sony. 
Or a twist; Dick Boi
Beautiful. 
Newcastle will forever be my second team. You absolute fucking beauts
And a Roku controller (I think).
Brilliant. Installing that. 
Nah dude I shoulda /s tagged that. I just wanted to be a dick (not to you) and theorise about Tomark drama. You can obviously still expect something and be totally weirded out when you actually experience it. There's just such a strange vibe and divide on this subreddit at the moment it's odd to know how to handle any post. So I thought I'd join in! 
If it's going to be super weird and you really hope they play some older stuff what the fuck are you expecting? Tom to make an appearance for his vocals and then post on Facebook about how the band are going to make music together when the time is right, for Mark to follow up and say "Tom never played any shows with us. Who is Tom DeWronge?"
Wow!
Fuck off. 
FOCUS!
His brother does this to him. 
No, that's Elliot.
Yup. 
Berdu! Good to see you on the front page. 
Not the weirdest way I've ever initiated a friendship. 
So we're friends now.
I... I don't know how to tell you this...
It's almost as if people have differing opinions on the Internet!
I am not clubbing clubs clue clumsiness to get a decent amount is not rated yet it means that the new zombies attacks and I will be on the way home from work and the future of my career in many ways hinges on the sofa bed. 
My eyes lit up and then I cried.
Go give these funky monkeys a follow and some love at their home on Instagram. [Clover and Daisy](https://www.instagram.com/clover_and_daisy/).
Definitely. I always go for a similar approach. I don't need or want the in-depth detail a wiki provides. At a glance is my jam.
Tubbed it just this last week while the toilet was occupied by my ass.
You could go in all sorts of directions with it, but you've specifically built a solution to something I'd been thinking about for about a week IRL. It's effectively an easy access, quick Wiki. Imagine if you got really ambitious and started doing the caves too. Selling price for artifacts, chance of spawn, levels in which they spawn and so much more. The information is available elsewhere but you've built a wicked tool to get it easily. Open the wiki on your mobile, then open your site on it. I know which I'd rather be using.
I absolutely love you.
Get out!
Dude is so busy that whatever mod you've got on for his avatar really fits how I see him. Poor bastard.
Oh my fuck.
Little helicopters! I used to pick up as many perfect looking ones as I could and throw them all up in the air together to watch them all fall. 
This is all you need. The mouse interferes when it's near the character. Move it away and you're gold. 
That's such a cool idea that I'm sad about mining mine now. I did get a decent haul out of it I suppose. I'd love to see it when you're done!

Nice! How did you make this? I imagine a weeklong timelapse would look amazing.

I don't do it the same way as /u/UtahJarhead but that's a good article I had seen. I downloaded a mod from the Stardew forums that is basically an .exe which scans for the game and takes a full farm screenshot every time you save. It then uploads it to Stardew.Farm (reddit won't accept that as a URL so I can't make it clickable). 

The mod is available [here](http://community.playstarbound.com/threads/stardew-farm-screenshot-sharing-tool-and-site.110774/). 

The only issue I have with it is that it doesn't save the screenshots locally, but it's easy enough to get them full size from the site.
This is amazing. Enjoyable reading. Sorry about your life.
Now is the time. 
Fairy flower? Yeah I got some on my Stardew farm. 
Very true. It's also pretty therapeutic when your only goal for the day is water non-sprinklered crops, cut trees til you're out of willpower, sleep. 
The tool I use to capture these screenshots is stardew.farm (you'll have to go to that url manually, the editor isn't having it) and on the website you can view other peoples farms on the front page - I see so many that have left the trees to get overgrown and insane, so I don't think we're alone! 
Wow! I actually had a meteorite on one of the days included in the screenshots - thankfully it fell right into an open area of grass above the lake that I'd just cleared out the day before. If it had landed in those pine trees on the left I think I'd have given up hope and gone back to working in the Joja Mart payroll offices.
I'm going to later! I'd tried 1 already but it just shook the trees. /u/pimhazeveld has since told me I need to use 3 bombs to take out a section of trees. I've got about 14 sitting in a chest! 
Nice! Thanks for the tip.
I used a big bomb in the middle of a load of trees (you see a path in the trees appears in the gif at one point) and it just shook a load of them. :( 
Yep! Seeds drop from the existing trees (may also pop up randomly, I'm not sure) and more trees grow from them.
Just big mushrooms. They act like trees. You can put tappers on them and they'll give you mushrooms. 
Smoke of the Patriots. 
Pause something you can't see?
And don't forget the mugging if you need to walk home with your little Apple bag!
I feel like TC;DU is, in itself, TC;DU
I experienced fierce disagreement and then moderate to strong agreement with you upon rewatching the gif with Tweener in mind.
Who the hell are you to judge what people put in their safes?
These aren't crappy!
I thought this sounded stupid until I caught up with myself and realised that you mean lighting and not real world timeframe of each hour or 10 minute block. 

(ï¼›ä¸€_ä¸€)
You stood up for yourself.

[I like that.](http://i.imgur.com/ZR0w4IG.jpg) 
At least yer honest.

/takes a swig and slaps MilkPudding about the place
You know when something is real but you want it to be fake? Yeah.
Why the fuck is FragHero on the front page?
It doesn't fucking matter. 
Is all of this lowrider content still exclusively online? Looks like fun.
SHIT HE'S ON TO US 


CHEESE IT
RemindMe! 3 weeks
I'd rage!
It's pretty amazing. 
No. 
Top and bottom post. Impressive. 
What an absolutely fantastic response. Full of excellent info. 
Scummo.
Looks like it's about to be directed by Wes Anderson. 
Absolutely. I think my comment was probably taken out of context. I'm just gonna go back and add an /s now. :)
I don't even have M on my S6 yet!

Edit: Mandatory /s 

Aww leave poor Rambo alone. He scores scarcely enough as it is. 
This made me feel good inside.

Fuuuuck
Please, please do not rest on your laurels and get lazy if seeing this news makes you feel accomplished! I beg of you, as a Brit who loves Bernie and knows that not just America needs Bernie, but the world does. Please keep doing all the good stuff you have been doing up until now! 
I remember going through this. Should be much better at a negative value now. 
Nah dude. You were just focussed on how amazing the world is. You missed a detail. We've all missed many more elsewhere. 
Doesn't look shit to me. Looks amazing!
"Wow, that phone is fucked."

"Ah.. that's why."
You're the lone wolf of the Calla. Sorta. 
Gross. I love it. 
Perfect. 

That's a pretty good logic.. "There's a storm coming, Sole Survivor..." 
I was born in 1989 and I loved her from the first movie. 
Fucking shit show. I'm absolutely furious. 
Already posted down below. 
You and I are one. Fuckem. 
This is what a lot of people don't understand about sim racing. I didn't like Project Cars at all, but changing the default FOV to an accurate one makes a much better driving experience and more fun. 
Millenitron Falcon.
Imagine if she had Deep Heat cream on her fingertips. Just warming up the ol' ball n sockets. 
PC? Console? There's a mod on the nexus if you're on PC. 

Stop Fidgeting: 
http://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/5156/?
It's a rare occasion this happens. 
That wiggle made me puke
That's my name, don't wear it out.

Sure, and then directly follows it with; 

Unlike other factions, Raiders are not an established organization, but rather a collective term for the countless groups of thieves, murderers, junkies, and psychopaths who dwell in the Commonwealth and its ruins. They have no true "society", living simply by the philosophy that might makes right, and killing anyone who gets in their way. Most Raider gangs are small, consisting of up to a couple dozen members, and make a living scavenging the ruins of Boston, as well as through robbery, extortion, and the manufacture/selling ofÂ Chems. 
You mean, you want to be a raider. Raiders aren't a fucking faction. 
You're a horrible cunt.
Wouldn't trust anything from FragHero.
Limo tinted with the gold plates. 
Amen
That ain't fitting in my motherboard. 
So warm under here though. If I don't call it teasing can I keep the cap on? 
That's my name, don't wear it out. 
My Steam says 205 hours so actual play time we're probably on par. How are the people who care for you coping? 
I was so ready to come flying in here pissed off at you for throwing shitty suggestions around for a mode that isn't even out yet. I mean fuck, Bethesda have nothing if not moaning bitches for fans. We love em but by gosh we moan.  

And then I read it. 

The only thing I want for survival. Dynamic fucking beard growth. 


Yes. 
She's right fuckin there. 
That was very enjoyable to scroll through. Nice work! 
Wow, you got severely misunderstood. 
What the fuck does goonie googoo mean, Gus? 
That's the first Dogmeat facelift I've seen and liked. Nice.
Haha. Ah dude. Gotcha didn't it? 
Did you watch the link until the end? 
Expected a Hotline Bling spoof. Got something so, so much better.
Just jizz in his hand.
Heh.
These are excellent.
Setscale 0.3
They're Â£19 now. 
But where is his Bowler?
What phony dog poop? 
Hey and it looks like a font named 'Chiller'. That's cool. 
I imagined Sam Elliott walking around the suit. That was fun.
Week? That's generous! 
I did the very same thing. The synths come in after you and put down the cats and Mr. Handy's, right? [They didn't attack me due to being the leader](/spoiler) and once I found the cats smoldering blue remains I snuck around the entire place and put the synths down.
Yes but in the very next scene he clearly places his left hand on his abdomen as he looks up at Rey. Sorry this is 22 days after you posted.. 
Well done, pet
Awesome, thank you King.
Heh, yeah. Cool. Thank you! I'm gonna check your channel out. I like lists of things I didn't know about things and stuff.
Argh. 
Jade Goody's cancerous remains fair game, eh?
And it's stable? 
Remember I was there for you at the beginning.
Phone brightness too low, I thought they were off! Ignore me. You can't lose the colouring. Screw the frames. 
I saw naked ghouls whilst looking for texture upgrades. 
Awesome. Maybe if you take out the unlit squares it'll help your frames. 
Screw caps. Uhh... 
Fabulous! I've been on a texture binge and this is just brilliant. 
Something about being the real most valuable player. 
I thought that was going to be a purposely alarming one. That one's amazing! It's definitely the lighting. Her cheeks look much better in the vault one. So cool. I might download the vault save file for my female playthrough if I don't get some inspiration for my character soon.
It's just something about the bathroom one. The brown hair one freaks me out too but the images actually outside of the character creation don't freak me out at all. They all look like her - it is awesome work. I can't pinpoint what it is that's creeping me out though. It must be the lighting in those shots. 
I mean... It looks like her... but it's fucking horrifying.

not-so-ninja-edit: looks more natural in the nude ones actually. 
 
You dirty fucking liar. 
This greatly pleases me. I see you cook in the pause menu too. 
What's your save file time? My steam time is higher than my save time because save times only count the time you've played. Less menu time etc. 
Easy enough using a set and Microsoft's Image Composite Editor. Here's some I made earlier: 

http://imgur.com/a/mbdrK
Cool! Thanks. 
Civ is more dangerous than Fallout for me as far as time sinking goes. Enjoy your new found genres! 
If it's what you're into (and it very much is what I'm into) then absolutely I agree. But you'd never deny someone the game if they were dying repeatedly. 
There is a reason games have easy or very easy modes. It doesn't matter if you're out of your element, if you're having fun that's all that matters. 
Very cool. Love acrylic. 
Yeah I'm regularly getting this bug as well recently. 

I love rare photographs on the Internet. 
To shreds, you say? 
The same things that make you cry. 
It's really nice! Very good quality. I got the Fallout 4 loot crate too which came with a Vault 111 messenger bag which by comparison is much less pleasing. 
That's a great idea! I've since acquired a full raider set. I'm workin' on it and will deliver. :) I've kind of lost my way and have just been running around in circles doing settlement stuff recently. Time to get back in to the world. 
If he's nowhere to be found at Red Rocket then go up to Sanctuary and look around all the gardens. Check all dog houses, he'll likely be in one of those. For me he was at the first house on the right as you enter Sanctuary over the bridge, in a dog house out back. I went into build mode and cleared out every dog house, leaving 2 by my office. He's always there now. 

Here he is! http://i.imgur.com/ZBf3GX4.png
For sure. It's really a very good fort. Well done! 
Go and play the game you paid for with your own money, your own way. 
This looks like Yakho Oboo supply outpost.
Haha, I'm not. I probably should've /s'd my comment too. I love you, /u/wyedg.
What's it like having such poor spelling? 

Have you ever tried spelling cringe with an E or have you just decided you won't like it without trying it? 
She keeps rebuffing me at the moment. I've spent far too little time on Charisma. I need to start again. Bring the legend back to life.
Kaz...
Damn, that Travolta gif doesn't even look green screened. 
Mate, this is beautiful. 

*dammit Fleksy
Legendary Infected Bloodbug.

Legendary. 

Infected. 

Bloodbug. 


I got killed four damn times by a fucking mosquito before I perfected the approach. 

*ninjaedit - Infected, not Glowing.
Sure ;)
You in the bathroom with it?
Regular escapes. Flamingo's fucking hate shitty English weather.
I... couldn't tell you, m'Lord. 
It's awesome. 


http://www.flamingoland.co.uk
Max Landis is a jackass, though.
Skill: Boaster
Forefelines. aw.
Completely different. My car isn't a VXR.
Fuck yeah! I'm so excited to have a go on the GT-R-LM.
Never played Skyrim or any other game ever on PC, eh?
What a dream.
For me it's just a cool factor. Power Armor is super cool to look at and to know exists in the world, but I don't often use it. A bit like driving the same car in a racing game with 480 cars in it.
So you put something you bought on your vehicle then took a photo of it to show someone else? This is all very hard to believe. 

Edit: Whoosh. Whoosh to everyone.
24 is not 40. You have plenty of time to get these things.
Whattacunt
This comic is bollocks. You know the guy is sat there with his phone out too. He's on /r/pcmasterrace.
Something about if you click the tag it'll take you to the original post. I dunno I just saw it on another comment the other day. 
:/
~69~
Commala
This is very very kind. 
Humans
Expected a picture of my mum.
No need for thanks, I'm just passing the knowledge on. Someone in /r/simracing showed me the video and it helped me out a lot. Happy racing!
Good luck!
Mate. Watch this. No, I'm not joking. It's as relevant today as it was when it was made and will make you a faster, better driver if you pay attention and learn from it. And be patient. Give yourself time. Practice lots. Drive slower, learn your track and the feel of your car through the controller.

Skip Barber - Going Faster
https://youtu.be/xQRmYMlmdqM
Does Forza 6 have a way to gift cars like GT5 did? I'd give you my Super Sport.
Sounds great. Good luck going forward and have fun!
Not interested but all the best for your new venture. 
Molluck.  
This. Preach it 
1663819 eh
576456 eh
This looks like it's OP's username.
Those are iron men. 
I spent 7 years looking for Rollcage. Systematically every 3 months I would set aside 3 hours of my night and Google, wiki, YouTube my hours away. I found Warzone 2100, I found Street Racer, I found The Unholy War.. About a month ago I found Rollcage. And now this. I'm so happy. But as for the search, it goes on. The unknown future rolls toward me. I face it, for the first time, with a sense of hope. Because if Rollcage can be re-made, maybe others can too. And maybe I can find the rest of my childhood. 
Hey I think I have you on Steam!
Yeah.. Well.. We've got an ASDA with the same method of signage.. So..
Have you got a signature on your comments? 
"Bydget"
Sorry, busy day. I also tried making GTA V and the launcher launch as admin. Checked the GTA folders weren't read only, took ownership of all the folders... It could be a combination of those? 
2500K owner. Played with a 580 originally and it was fine, briefly owned a 770 and it was even better. Now I have a 980. It'll be great with a 670 & 2500K, you'll be able to get a lot of options on high. 
Turn off Game DVR in the Xbox App if you're on Win10. Worked for me. Good luck!
I had this too. I spent half a day trying to fix it and it ended up being the profile in this folder:

\My Documents\Rockstar Games\GTA V\Profiles\

Mine is named '02647CE3'. 

I deleted the entire folder (and lost my saves and settings) but it worked. I then put everything back and deleted every file except the save files and folders. The save files are named SGTA50000 and SGTA50000.bak 

The last digit might be different on your save files depending what number you saved them as or if you have multiples. 

Can't confirm it'll work but good luck!
It has the option, it's malfunctioning. Without TS it'll just run at 1600mhz regardless of load. I came across ThrottleStop on a forum where some people were having the same issue. I need a better excuse to buy another mobo though considering it's stable otherwise. It happily runs my 2500K at a 4.3GHz overclock and will scale the speed according to what I'm doing. 
You're right. Bar the heatsinks. 
I had the same issue and I use ThrottleStop to turn off BDPROCHOT. Using TS means I have 4 profiles too so when I'm not home but might need to RDP on at some point I manually throttle the CPU to like 1.2GHz. 
Funny ridiculous video for funny ridiculous suspension. Looks great. Got plans to release?
So is this fucking comment. 
Would HAVE, not would OF. Dick. (Chin up)
:)
Oh shit! No way does this happen to us. 
Dude once had a micropenis
Ding dong. 
Nope
Thanks so much for posting it. 
David Luiz is a fuckin weirdo.
And you've got it 5 months early! 
Yao Guai the Bear.
His T's are strong.
Beautiful. 
Thanks buddy. It's gonna be hard work but so worth it. We appreciate you guys so much at a time like this.
Gotcha buddy. 
Wow, Africa looks like an experience. I need to get TSM this week. Nice pictures too!
I am not clubbing, I have a banging migraine too. just wish I could be a little fucker.
Dude might have been referring to this - https://youtu.be/SSv8lg-DRjc

S6 is certainly more durable but at the end of the day if you drop it the right way, you are gonna smash the glass. 
You're funny. 
I'll give it a go. This would come in handy for practically every game I play. Thanks.
If you ever alt-tab for the browser, generally you can keep Firefox open with maybe 5 tabs? Or I can at least, i5 2500k, 8gb RAM. Chrome with 1 tab and a few even dormant extensions will do more harm than Firefox even back in the memory leak days. For me, at least.
Cool, thanks! 
My hype and excitement didn't dream up that I was getting 70+ FPS until April 21st and that since then I've been getting 30-40 with considerable drops.
Incredible, Berdu. Do you record gameplay and then take screenshots in the editor?
Whoosh
To quote TB, "call it whatever you want."

Maybe HE was trolling ME by calling the video a port report in spite of knowing that it isn't one. Maybe he has a personal vendetta against me. Maybe I'm just being awkward again because it really doesn't matter.
Don't be so suburban. 
If I can't be awkward on the internet then I may as well not bother. 
It's not a port.
I comment binge a lot and usually come across them a few times a week. Dad-a-chum, dud-a-chee.
I never put any disks in the bitch to get back out. 
And complaints about it like we didn't know that the encrypted files would need to fucking decrypt and that there'd probably be a ~500mb update. 
Give it time dude, it took me a long time but I fucking love it. 
Nice, thanks again. 
Thanks to that guy for asking that before me and thanks to you for making this and answering. Happy trails in L.S.
I'm in the UK too and it's my birthday today. Thanks for taking it off and celebrating my special day. 
You do care about all the important stuff. You just have something to look forward to. Enjoy it.
Cool! Thanks. Do your legs sit pretty naturally? Looking at pics I always think the bottom of the chair is pretty high.
I have a separate 2TB drive with 400gb of personal stuff and my games. C drive is a 180gb Intel SSD for my main games.. Assetto Corsa, GTA V now. I still delete a lot of stuff if I'm not playing it. I've got 50mb/s and V downloaded in 2 hours through Steam. Its not a hassle if you have the bandwidth. A lot of people just don't so storing is the only option. 
I know a Rockstarred  employee who let me preload from his 16gb staff USB stick 6 months ago. 
Don't think people got your sarcasm there. 
Yes! Me too. I think we can manually map controls on V so hopefully it will recognise the G27 off the bat. Then it'll just need some tweaking in profiler I suppose. Arma III worked alright. It's not exactly gonna be Assetto Corsa, but with all that land to explore.... I need a wheel. 

How do you find your chair works? You have the one I'm thinking of getting. 
hangthedj
Thank you. 
[Social Club](http://socialclub.rockstargames.com/member/astheniabrdgs) - AstheniaBRDGS

[Steam](http://steamcommunity.com/id/astheniarocks) - AstheniaRocks

Happy to have some like-minded people to play with. Never really had many friends on Steam.
YOU'RE GRAMMAR ARE BAD. 
I took an AWS Essentials course and it would be perfect for day one anything. It scales to what you need for only as long as you need it. 
A man can dream of 20gb's of compression. 
Compression. The game is 65gb. 
I use the same button. I find I can hold it for long enough to get the drift going and then control it with throttle. 
If he's not going back either then I hope they all get one last punt around Dunsfold Air field. If not with the Beeb's permission then with McLaren's. 
I really wish AC had an iRacing-esque points / reputation system. You don't have to pay for iRacing to race with people on your level, the system just needs some TLC. Bad racers can play Nurburgring Destruction Derby while I race with people as bad as me with good intentions, while class A racers race with the other decent guys. Everyone's happy.
Nope. May said that and lists himself as unemployed. Hammond said they were all stupid in their own ways but it's been an incredible ride together, calling it the end of an era. He's still listed as doing "this car show."

Not that I think he'll continue without the other 2. 

Edit: I no can speel.
New shit has come to light! 
You know, a segway would look look great near the main doors.
I lost a 3 year old cat to a speeding car. Hug'm tight, keep'm safe. 
That thread's incredibly helpful. I was getting all wheels spinning while stationary before I made extra drivetrain additions noted in there. 

Nice find, cheers. 
Check out beingy  and IGamePlayOnly on YouTube. MalagoliGarage on WordPress. Not at home ATM so I can't remember another good WordPress modder but if you Google "Seat Leon 2015" for AC you should find it. The Sim Review. Uuhhhh...
Complete with mini shard! Then I could bulldoze my head office on the daily.
Looks great! 
Just what I was looking for. Thank you! 
How's it looking ATM? I'm excited. 
You made this? ... 



I made this. 
I'm moist.
I love Steam Workshop. So easy to weed out a faulty mod too - which happened a lot in Skyrim and a few times in Civ for me.

Oh, so much poop!
Can't wait - fantastic work
I'm fairly sure you can go to prison for this.
Look at the road leading up to it. I feel dizzy. And sick. I need a hot water bottle and a sleep.
Prrrrrrrrrrrrrrrick.
Thanks man. I spent a while trying to get some air and I was gonna do a 'thanks!' flying gif but I couldn't get anything very high off the ground.. so just thanks. ha
FFB clipping is the devil. I'm not OP but I spent a long time getting my settings right, try these (and then change them to your liking):

**Force Feedback**

Gain: 70%

Filter: 75-90% depending on the time of day

Damping: 0% after lots and lots of playing around

Min Force: 0%

Kerb, Road and Slip Effects: 0%
I find these just add pointless resistance to the wheel and I can't "feel" the road when they're on.
            
**Steering Settings**

Gamma: 1.0

Filter: 0.0

Speed Sensitivity: 0.0
    
**Pedal Settings**

Brake Gamma: 2.10


I know the filter is high, but it only removes the peaks (and with them most of the clunky, gear jamming / knocking noises). I need my G27 to be very quiet due to where I play. Usually my partner is in bed in the room next to me if it's late. 
What? This still happens? Who is your ISP? Also, nice times. I feel like I could actually be quick on this Nord. It feels so alive and I feel more responsive to it.
Seen a lot of cars flying here. What turn is it coming off? I'm not too sure.
Damn. I learned a lot from that. It's really stunning work when you look at it without context, and only gets better when you realise how much work actually goes in to it. I agree re: Spa. It is ridiculous. I cannot stop driving it. For all the flack the game gets from people who aren't happy about the speed that it's growing (I won't even look at career mode for example), the desire to consistently improve the game notably with each update is super impressive. 

Thanks for the response! 
And by one person, apparently? Source is Marco's FB page.
Off Shore
Midgegoose. 
Where you at bredrun? Got a stream up, 0-0
Maybe the book should release a fucking statement saying Travis has left the book and Hayley Williams is gonna take over. 
Holy crap I don't know why it didn't occur to me that sites like that exist. There's loads on there! And you're right, without the credit or source, people are just going to use it. 
Yeah it really is, drives really well and seems to fit with the quality of AC. 
Why? Why would you put the water tank THERE?
Yep yep yep. Agree.
If you like it, be sure to give Reiza Studios some love. This is sadly an illegal rip from Formula Truck, one of their games. 

The mod even has FTruck in the name so maybe the creator didn't realise it's illegal and was giving credit. 
Me too, brother or sister.
How are you getting on 13 days later? I bought a G27 yesterday and I'm absolutely dying at work today cause I'm so tired. The quietness compared to the DFGT alone was worth the price. Getting used to the brake was weird but good. Might Nixim mod it or just save and upgrade to CSR Elite's with the inversion kit. 
I've only used an Oculus once at a games convention and the game was terrible. The immersion in the sense of moving around was grear but low resolution sticks out as the biggest concern for me. How do you find it with the Sims you play? Is resolution a problem?
Yet somehow van drivers are all wankers who drive like twats? Errrr... 
Mr. Fancy-pants-socks is turning his nose up at a bin lid! This is why Bane is so angry. 
Oh wow, you're cake daying much better than I am. 
Yup. I've heard this exact story before on a forum. Corvette n'all. 
Went through this in 2011 and still feel the pain. Hate driving down residential streets but damn have I got a great eye for spotting other people's cats wandering around the street. It's one of the worst ways to lose your friend. 
Oh fuck
You're not very serious, but serious enough to buy some decent kit and come here for help, which makes you serious enough to watch Going Faster. This video helped me not just drive better, but have more fun. If you're playing for fun and spinning out at every corner, it's hard to justify your purchases. 

Happy watching and happy driving!
Holy shit. Just scroll through these comments and look at how many changes you made based off a few comments. You're the best kind of OP.
Reckon you could dirty it up a little. 
Love you, FrownUpsideDownBot
:(
Hey, my neighbour has the same printer! Are we all neighbours?!? 
Snooch to tha mutha fuckin' noooooch
That says fuck! You can't swear here, you know. 
Seems a little... Too clear. 
Who sprayed laughing juice in my eyes?
SkÃ¶ldpadda!
They say they are British when you ask them if they're British because they sound like they're from ... LANDAN
Free piss* FTFY
And shall I just "Fuck Ast!" myself? Jeez...
Is there a specific planning thread? You got anything going on this Saturday?
You had brain cancer and your friends still destroy your sailboat?! 
Fuck I need to come meet up with you guys. It's been too long. So many IV memories. 
We Rub, You Tug. 
Beautiful. 
Congratulations. You are now aware of photography. 
Look after your plant. 
As a rookie, it upsets me that Class D is just as bad. :( 
Why would you notice it with that monitor waiting to be plugged in!
The seas parting really was a miracle!
You fucking idiot, Jeremy! You total fucking idiot! That was YOUR job, you fucking moron! You cretin! YOU'RE A FUCKHEAD! THAT'S WHAT YOU ARE! A FUCKING SHITHEAD!
I'll PM you.
I don't have this issue but I do have a DFGT and am aware of this so I've bookmarked that for later. Thanks man! 
This is really helpful as cornering has been concerning me. I think a lot of the bad habits come from playing console racing games for so long. The way I can blast through Spa in Gran Turismo is a whole different world to how I drive it on PC. Up until the practice session of this race I would crash every. single. time. on the first corner but in GT I can hug it tight on the inside and make it through fast. And no matter what the car, I could go flat out through Eau Rouge without it having any adverse affect. I'll definitely check out the Skip Barber training video. Lengthy is no issue, I spend a lot of time watching other racers on YT to learn from them. Thanks for commenting. 
Forgot to mention - playing rFactor 2. Though it's in the YT description anyway.
Oh sweet, thank you. sorry for the 20 hour late reply - re-rommed my phone and only just logged back in to Reddit. 
Excellent, thank you!
Don't suppose you worked out how did you? Aha
You should be proud of this. Really great. 
Have a peruse: http://westeroscraft.com/downloads
Up until last night I'd been playing with my 360 controller because my wheel was at my little brothers'. The T125 was absolutely unusable as you'd expect. Until yesterday morning when I booted the game up and was putting in laps nearly as fast as I've been putting in with the wheel. Out of nowhere it was just drivable. There are so many factors that influence how we perform. I get up at 6 most days and if I happen to be racing late at night I'm usually a pile of shit. 
He looks so happy!
And now just post to Tumblr and reap the reblogs.
They're just chocolate coins. 
His Mac pro is right there, staring back at us. 
Ah yeah I see the wires and the sub now. That must be pretty sweet with the door locked.
Have you considered getting some 5.1 speakers? Mount the rears on the wall just behind your seat. Perfect distance away. Same height for the front satellites. Oh man. I wish my computer was under the stairs!!
Oh shit I did not think that was ever going to be seen! I'm used to commenting on the internet for my own sake. x) <3
You can't change everything. Internal organs. Eyes. Bones. Things that are the same whether you are female or male. Yet, look at your eyes before and after. They are worlds apart. As a "femboy" gay man your eyes are darker and broken. As a woman, they show the real you. You're going to get a lot more attention than usual because you're beautiful, but it's always the eyes I notice when I look at new women or new men. 

Don't let dysmorphia affect you any longer (so easy for me to say). You're the person you've always wanted to be, successful, and supported by those you love. 

I'm so happy that you're happy. 
The picture this dim witted fuck bought had the details of Xbox one on it. He also said he was buying it for his 4 year old son.
He's a smug twat.
Ha! I got 18.007 and thought the same.
No imgur album has ever made me this happy. 
Bingo. 
Gotta. You ain't gotta like it. 
Hey, Bunny. 
Are you knocking my white wheeled, hot pink and lime green Sultan? The Torino Red pearlescent tint really adds something. 
Not the asker, but thank you. 
You are such an awesome human being, Arnold. 

Thank you. 
They're usable online over level 60. 
Pay attention to this person. By now, the issue is most probably your side. Not Rockstar's. 
I can't wait for an apartment. I'm still sleeping in my Sabre up in the hills. 
That's only online. 
They're part of the burgundy suit he's wearing. You can get it from the back left corner in a Discount / Binco store. 
WHY?
With a good fucking answer. It doesn't have a turbo option. 
I like my safe zone a little larger than that. 
Ruiner. 
Land of the free. NO SKYLINES. 
I think in January, maybe Feb, he posted on Twitter saying he was going to be a DJ in V and have his own station. Then the post disappeared and nothing ever came of it. 


From the sounds of some of the cuts above, R* are pretty cutthroat if you confirm something without their say so. 
Only Kavinsky to blame for getting cut. Sucks. 
I'm sorry. I shouldn't have contacted you with this. 
Owh, now I feel bad...
If you get an account you can upload up to 5mb on imgur now. 
What is this? The day of 2 posts per topic to maximise Karma?  
Maybe the kid just died. 
I usually find it's time to get a new one once they start tasting weird. Kinda metallic taste?
At least the last couple, hopefully. 
Looks like Alex Murphy post-shooting. Dead or alive, you're comin' with me. 
Did the same. Mine is back. 
Yah just about every cunt breathing is.
Hilariously hilarious. 
I'm a little confused about that, Amanda and Tracey's are off centre in game and most other people's private places seem to be too.  But mine, "LBRDGS" is dead centre. Not complaining of course. Just strange. Maybe it's a bug. 
Kicking the car in a localised spot does the same. 
Yeah I didn't realise until today when I was sat in a BF Injection at Sandy Shores refuelling station with a cop rolling up behind me. Switched them off for "roleplaying" knowing full well they'd see me somehow - nope... Rolled on by. Dispatch, we've lost the suspect. Stars be gone. 
Awesome. Where'd you do it? I'ma go up Chiliad, see what I can see. 
Definitely one available for the back. Just checked. Go forth and get your spare. 
Yessir
Except all of Reddit. 
If you want to have some fun on dirt tracks, get yourself a Fathom FQ2. Some light engine modding, offroad wheels. Lots of havoc. 

http://gta.wikia.com/FQ2
Just the one from what I can see. 
Grand Theft Aut-Oh. Sorry, Officer. 
GTA IV in-game browser, go to: littlelacysurprisepageant.com

This is the warning: http://images2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20100217151335/gtawiki/images/c/cf/LCPD_Website_Warning.jpg
I've just tried again here and they're still down. It's 6am where I am in the UK. It's gonna be like this for a few days I guess. 
I've seen ~10 around Michael's house. Rockford Hills is the place to be for flash cars. 
And then pull the trigger. 
Do it behind a car as well. Some people get out and kick your car or pull you out of it for a fight. 
Thanks /u/BakeAked.
You'll be your own streamer soon. Stay strong. 
I never thought I'd speak to someone who agrees that IV was good for what it was. 
No problem. I just cancelled my preorder there because I want to go to midnight release, so they've at least got my copy. ;) 
ShopTo.net, brutha
My old PS3 got stolen so I had to reinstall Gran Turismo 5 recently. 


Guess how big the install is? Yup.. 8gb. I timed it and it took 35 minutes nearly to the second. 


I'm using a super slim PS3. 
I totally agree. The biggest part is your first point; we aren't controlling the game. Once that changes from person to person, it becomes a million different games. 
Nothing to say thanks for. I might be entirely wrong. Just stay strong and keep yourself at the forefront of your mind. You're the most important part of the movie of your life. I'm just some extra. 
Everything will be okay. Life has a way of fucking you at the most inopportune time. It also has a way of bringing good things at even more inopportune times. Like just after your install of GTA V has finished, you'll receive a text or phone call wanting to speak.

It is. 
Yes!
It's only going to get worse. Leave now. 
Yes, in another leak the cars avoid you on the freeway etc. I used to HATE that when I stopped at a red in IV.
It's there for sure. 
One to fly. 
This is fantastic! Have you got more?
Cool, man...
Oh man, that is awesome! The line between immersion and blindness must be pretty blurred though. 
The game has got some pretty nice plains too. 
That's my favourite part of the gameplay trailer. Rockstar know how to put their games to music. 
And one the other end of the spectrum, one of my (non-casual, pretty intense gamer) friends called it size for the sake of size... "like Game of Thrones."


WHAT?!
It forces the resolution up to 1080p. It doesn't add anything but a number. If you play the game in both 720 and 1080 you won't notice any difference (well, not much. it's negligible.) as natively, both games run at 720p and Rockstar develops in 720p. Microsoft force upscale to 1080p for whatever reasons they do, and Sony does not. You can however upscale on the PS3 too. 
I am interested to see this. Please do!
Tanks are confirmed yeah but how they work isn't. Hopefully crushing cars like this is possible. With the monster trucks in SR:IV you can crush vehicles but it's unsatisfying, like most things in Saints Row. R* would do it better.
Hey isn't that the new Dr. Who theme tune?! 


Oh, tumblr... 
Why am I not surrounded by more people like you?
Mafia Sentinel. 
The Bel Air is in the GTAO trailer. 
"Aw, this guy couldn't afford next day. I bet he's been waiting for years for this game. Send it next day!"
I'm one of the long term GTA forum guys. Not GTAF though. Conversation is too diluted and messy there, the only thing of worth is their threads like Mapping Los Santos. I joined a forum looking for GTA VC information in 2002. Then migrated to gta-sanandreas.com forums a few years later and have been with those guys across various site name and forum changes over the years. Now at iGTA5. And here of course. Feels good to be so close to a GTA release again. 
Awesome.
If my memory is correct they were pretty distinguished. Although I haven't played a 6 star GTA properly in >5 years. 

Removed cause I had Vice City on the brain. 3 is choppers and roadblocks, aggressive chasing. 4 is SWAT, 5 is FIB, 6 is war. 

Anyone confirm that?
REMEMBER! Civilians who "live actual lives" were in IV.. Not so much. 
My SO's birthday is 28th Nov. Neglect until then! 
Bah, I feel nothing for you if you're actually 17!
Don't worry doc, I heard it rarely rains in Los Santos. 
Rhino. 
9 years here. I feel your pain brother. 
If she's a nice girl she'll wait 3 years for you to finish with GTA V. 
Also: http://gamespot.com/features/why-grand-theft-auto-online-is-crazy-enough-to-work-6412714/?edition=desktop
NP!
They are there. Everything you can do in Single Player can be done with your crew in Multiplayer. 

http://www.computerandvideogames.com/424731/blog/gta-5-oclock-massive-gta-online-preview-special/
Gas is such an easy problem to get around too. Put it in the game but make it a choice. Pause, untick 'Cars Have Gas' option, keep playing. Then for people like you and I who would die for the situation you just described, it's all good! As long as you don't cheat to get away and switch gas back on....
Oh fuck yeah. 
Listened to WL on the way home after hearing the news. Sooo excited. 
Are you on a mobile app?
That's subjective. A lot of people will find anything a spoiler. If it spoils the surprise when they first see the use of [the taser](/spoiler), then it is a spoiler. They're not just limited to aspects of the story.
Bad timing, pretty face. I'll be in Los Santos. 
I was thinking the same thing earlier today. Even if the uniform, I'd still just enjoy being able to wear it and role play in a cop car doing missions. 
You'll be the last after he's the last. 
You're the man, jeb. 
Argh fucking hell that sounds like heaven. Some weekends I even love being at work when my friends aren't there cause its so quiet. 
Have you ever seen him live? It's not just shock rock for the sake of it, he puts on a show. He's a performer. 
http://www.deke.com/content/dekes-techniques-022-removing-people-with-image-stacks
I hope IGN are reading this.
What a guy.
This explains much.
How'd you gets to killeroo?
That's awesome.
Is your dad Trevor Phillips?
Thank you for this, Genny. I learnt a lot about you. Keep it up and I'll keep watching.

- a 24 year old kid.
Did you see effects that held you back when going daily? I want to work out ALL THE TIME for that feeling best described by Arnie, but I worry I won't be letting my body rest enough. 

700 in what time and distance?
Nice.
I wish I still had a beater. Don't feel bad about it. I'm always aware of how far away I am on each side from the people around me. I'll find another spot if one car is far enough over that me fitting in would fuck someone else over. People are dicks.
Hey Louis. No questions but I'm a Limey scumbag who laughs at your jokes and its my birthday on Saturday. Gimme some love / abuse? 
People ask me why I'm leaving the room as if I don't want them to hear.. No, no. Just gotta pace.
Funny story...
Kris sounds like a cunt.
Smokey McPot, ofcourse.
Sometimes you have to scroll up to see if you're reading The Onion.
That's clearly Darko. Niko's more built than that.
And that u/ posted this. How else are you gonna promote your new sub reddit?
It's so weak and dodgy because that guy refused to help. He didn't care what they were building.
M. Bison.
Or books!
I love you. Thank you for everything, Sir.

"Tech support" - Joel McHale on Community Season 4... In one word.  
You just made a powerless friend in me, buddy.
And I bet they eat the shit out of those brownies after having a good ol chuckle. Motherfuckers!
You can't shake hands with the left hand!
Innovation. How's Windows 2000 treating you? 
The Sixaxis' & DS3's will work with the PS4, bud. It's all rumour til the 20th and I don't remember where I saw it, but it seems reasonable.
DS3 will work with the PS4.
Of course. NICE GOIN', SHAGGY!
Beautiful.
I got the reference. Wasn't it 100 though?
Copied from CosmicConcoction above: 

The newspaper in the background says "The Boston Phoenix: The Nerd Issue. ROFLCON! NYAN CAT ICE CREAM! NERDIST'S CHRIS HARDWICK! INDIE GAME'S EDMUN McMILLEN! EATING GAME OF THRONES!"

Ours is 65% and these clowns still can't hit it. 4500 userbase.
"Shirts that fit my neck? But then the body never fits!!"

You're shirt shopping in the wrong place, asshole.
"Full drive SSD" - I meant full size.
I find a lot of inspiration in good posts. Whether its photography or quotes or just watching people write their views and getting another perspective of life. There's a lot of very humble, kind people on Tumblr too.
# #heres a half pointed sentence in the tag area #with no full stops or commas #because each new tag is a sentence in itself #STOP
SCREAMING
I just, I can't even right now omg
Woah. Careful you don't affect their feels there, bud. 

I've been on Tumblr about 2 years now and it's the best and worst website I could wish to be part of. The "fandoms" make me wanna tear my hair out. So precious and uppity if you don't appreciate every small aspect of their favourite TV show. If your reasoning for not liking something is "well, it's cool that you like it, but I'm not fussed by it", you're still a fucking idiot and you should just GTFO. Somehow it's impossible to avoid them too.. I follow people I like and the shit still gets on my dash.
I'd check you can do it first. The 8GB SSD is probably just for basic OS objects and the boot disk (that's why it boots up so fast). It could very well be a flash memory SSD and not a 2.5 inch full drive SSD. 
Half half whole!
FLOTUS1
This is absolutely beautiful. The Earth looks amazing.. btw any blink-182 fans, the NASA recording you hear at the beginning of 'Asthenia' is from this mission. 
Pfft. Play Oblivion if you want truly impressive voice acting... 
Cool. Thank you. :) I've got standard sized hands but I like oversized mice. 
How's the weight and size customisation? I'm looking to get a 5. Look awesome and being able to play with the weight is a big plus for me.
First thing I thought. Thank you for beating me by 18 hrs. Merry Christmas.
We have ASDA, which is Wal*Mart owned. Ain't never seen a fight like this though.. 
I read that as "photobombed".. 
Hiyoooo!
Fuckin' hate slimes. 
but Slurpees and Milkshakes are both delicious products!
ITT: We all died one of 5 ways. Except for that guy who pissed off a Hagraven. 
[I can do it though.](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyrim/comments/tt91v/check_and_mate_flutterby/)
Correct! Not even that frequently either.
This is very sweet.
Why would I want to go to Heaven with cunts like her? If that's the requirement to get in then I'll be chilling in hell with the rest of the world and probably 90% of other Christians that don't meet the bill. 
I swear people do it on purpose cause it's so cute.
Yeah there's a few other students in this comments. Apparently there's a smoke me bag with oregano hanging around. 
Finish your sentences!
Are they 2311x's? Model name might be off, I'm not at home. Lovely screens, just wish they were a but more moveable.

Nice setup btw!
Couch #2 was just a dirty, filthy bridge to where he wanted to be. #3.
Oh, Klaus. :(
Seriously? Sam Elliot's voice? I'll remember this forever. 
For sure. I could get cancer tomorrow And it'd all be gone even sooner.. Health is something you can't fight an anti-smoker on, I just feel that money's a stupid argument. 
Credentials?
EXACTLY! I don't smoke.. Guess what? I've got no fucking money! I just have material belongings that don't end up as burnt paper and ash.. But they'll be nothing one day. It's all fucking temporary. 
The male looks very similar, I think you've got it! :) Thankyou. 
I found my cat trying to eat this spider on my ceiling. I can't tell at all what it is. It's tiny and this is the most detail I could get. We're in the UK and the detailing on the back is golden / yellow. Really cool looking. Any ideas?
To do with the look of the cartoon, and the whole "it's another project, it can't be similar" vibe that artists have when they do something new. 
Alien Blue has a preview of those tiny links that you can click on. Depending on your phone. 
Haha, no problem. Have a nice day.

Yah, that's what makes it weirder.. 4 years ago wasn't long ago but I was an entirely different person then. Dead end job, no career on the horizon. Now I work IT for one of the biggest companies in the world.. 
Dude, your post was already an hour ago. Time flies...
/r/Spa.. NO!!
You lost it to Dear God? Fuck, I'm getting old. 
I see your dot.
I'm admittedly a huge R* fanboy, but the last time I laughed at promotional material for a game was VC.. A decade ago. This looks hilarious.
Nope! Did you see the 9F (white Audi R8) plate says "SA EXEMPT"? 

Edit 1: Wait, was it the white one? Let me check..

Edit 2: yeah, it is! Top of the plate.
Just, ignore the bodies!
White trash... Flood?
Yeah! Someone else who knows Chop's name!
Yes yes yes!
Blaine County. You're right. 
There's "an ecosystem buzzing with wildlife". Think RDR.
That dog belongs to Franklin, his name is Chop.
Yay, active GTA V Reddit!
The dog belongs to Franklin, the black character. His name is Chop. It's in a few articles. :)
And he's AfraidOfTheInternet!
Very clever won't stand for your stupid questions. 
Closer to a novella but y'know.
Sublime. Skynet is for closers only. 
How do you find it? How close to "actually holding the model in your hand" is it?
Genuine account. Nice.