Yes.
mvp

Yep. I can't say it's entirely Google's fault but at the same time YouTube has become a truly shitty place for original creators. 
Civil war
Very well-said. Just replace the bear with sociopathic psychopaths. 

If it affects me emotionally now, but not today, then again the day after, what am I?
These guys aren't ready, but their kids are gonna love this.
This is the correct command to debloat with!
Amen to that, but Samsung are far from the only ones doing this. Actually, the brands that DON'T do this are only a handful. 

We definitely need a bit more outrage in the mobile market. We are being treated like pieces of sh*t. We are given almost no real control. But we still have it better than iOS. 
This is not true. Should be lower as a comment. 

All you need to do is use ADB shell commands to completely UNINSTALL the app. It will remain as a dormant .apk file buried in the system folder, which does absolutely nothing unless you install it again.

This is effectively a complete removal, until you factory reset again or re-install the apk manually. 

That's possible, I haven't had the chance to test them but they do sound interesting (and potentially problematic, like what happens if you apply a layer over the front speaker's mesh?). 
Well, they might be worth to someone. I'm personally using nothing on the screen and I like it that way. Thought about the problem with wearing off, but what doesn't wear off in this life? How is re-application a problem if you enjoy the product while it lasts? 
> You just said you still scratched your screen even tho you using protection. 

Wut?

Read again:

> I'm using my screen naked, though.
> 
But it's true - nobody forces you to use the internet. Nobody forces you to like the downvote system.

It's like you are just refusing to understand. If you complain about downvotes you WILL get downvoted even further. That's not how reddit works, that's how PEOPLE work. It's a human trait to kick those who are on the ground and start complaining rather than trying to get up again. 

So what you need to do is to get up and not lay on the floor crying. I hope you can get that, it's really not that complex and it will be of use to you during all kinds of human interactions, not just on the internet. Do not be annoyed by petty things in general. 
Yeah, but nobody enforces you to be here, not even life. You normally need to work in order to earn money for a living. While you do not need to argue with people on reddit and avoid receiving downvotes in order to live your live fully. 
"The times" is a stupid excuse and I will not buy into it. Why? Because these times still generated non-racist people. So, it is possible. There were always people who refuse to buy into the stupidity of a given society, and these are the people deserving of my respect, regardless of it being worth something or not. After all, this is just my opinion. 


Where have I promoted individualism, though? I promote non-idiotic, non-toxic and non-shitty traditions and also loving your children unconditionally. That's exactly what I am promoting. And it seemed to me this mother is doing the opposite of these things. 

I'm sure she has love for her kids, but that's no excuse to be a shitty person towards them or to dictate their lives however she pleases. The father seemed reasonable to me and what someone said really resonated with me. In these lines:

"...the father most probably thought about how much his life could have been BETTER if he had chosen a wife like the girl in this clip instead of his korean wife..."

Yeah, man, in that position I would be really happy for my son, but stuck with a bitch that can't let go, who is my wife. Hard not to think about the mistake of getting into such traditions in the first place. That's much better than living in complete denial as the mother does, though. 

Again, just my opinion, I don't even check vote count, couldn't care less if it's a controversial opinion or not. It's just an opinion I decided to express. I've had personal interactions with traditional people from my own family line (grandparents) and that shit never flew with me. 
Yeah, and you don't even get paid to be here. I guess you can quit reddit much easier than a job. There you go.
It was an asshole, if anything... the manners on that fish
The vibevote means nothing and most everyone uses it carelessly. This is how reddit works. In your own words: "...learn to live with it"
Do what you WANT to do, not what society dictates you should be doing. If an obsolete generation deems some job as lowly, that doesn't even remotely mean this job is, in actuality, lowly. No job is low, no work is shameful. The only shameful thing is the mentality of these limited imbeciles, who judge in such ways. To be convinced that the position of a teacher, who teaches children, is in any way low, is simply saddening. 

People with such mindsets, who judge others based on anything other than what kind of people they really are, to the extend where they would do anything to interfere in another's life, can go fuck themselves. Their opinion means nothing. The only situation where it makes sense is exactly the one at hand, where a person simply respects their SO too much to not at least make an effort at breaking such bigoted walls. 

I have only respect for this couple, as they obviously have amazing resolve and nerves. But I have zero respect for the guy's mother. She did not display any quality that warrants respect. I just don't get how these cultures are not interpreted as extremely selfish. The parents are afraid for their social status, rather than the happiness of their children. How is that... respectable, or honorable in any way whatsoever? It seems as if they would "break their backs to move their children 2cm forward", only to have the inherent respect as an end result. I just can't bring myself to sugar-coat this and am very glad to have been born in a relatively normal family that actually cares for my well-being and happiness. 

But hey, this is not as bad as it could be. Certain cultures are much, much more backward and dangerous. As I am sure the world is aware by now.
downvoted. cause it felt good to downvote you
It for sure does not restore the original coating - the only way to do that is to apply a new layer. But it has such qualities, so it might be just as good as the original layer.

For scratches - it will cover them, yes, at least according to other user accounts and according to my best guess. I am yet to buy this, actually planned to order it a few months ago and forgot. 

The silicone layer is advertised as such:

> Nano-hydrophobic coating offers full coverage with oil/scratch resistance

...so, I imagine it acts as its own layer of oleophobic coating, just cannot say with what amount of effectiveness. 

Might be wort to check a review, or two:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D0wbaRIRTSU

For sure, that's exactly what I am trying to do. 
I never said anybody owes me anything. It's exactly the OPPOSITE that I said. Nobody will do this for me, so why would I have the logic of expecting somebody to do something for me? I have no idea how you came to that conclusion, but oh well. 

The second paragraph is basically an argument in defense of what I said. 

The evil part references what our effect is, globally. It's destructive and diminishes all other life forms. 
I don't think every human deserves this, but as a collective we have been catastrophically parasitic to this planet. We are parasitic to our own kind as well. 

I know an individual can be good, caring, loving. But we have to look at it globally, and globally... we bring destruction and are driven by greed. 
https://www.spigen.com/products/screen-protector-glas-tr-nano-liquid
This will not change until sociopathy is abolished from people in power. I just can't bring myself to see this happening soon. I used to dream for it as a kid, and now as an adult I have mostly learned that you are on your own and nobody will ever give two shits about you. This is how humans allowed this world to be built. 

The hilarious part is that such evil comes from an extremely minor portion of the people on this planet. What does that say? It says only one thing - that people deserve exactly this. Otherwise, rise up and change it. Yeah, thought so. 
Try liquid screen protectors. You swipe them over the screen and it creates a tiny layer of silicone. 

I'm using my screen naked, though. For about 1 year I've made two scratches that are not noticeable unless you really look for them under specific angles.

People said this option will come to Oreo. Well, wtf is it? I can't find it anywhere. 
I must be out of the loop. Using an Ezra deck and I used to win most games. Now i seem to lose all battles to pretty much only kylo decks. I think there is an OP sith deck, or some specific cards in particular. Extremely powerful units in comparison to mine. They wreck all i send. IDK, i have been playing since launch and never had this experience before. Took a break and now it feels like balance has truly went to the shitter.
The game became truly shitty after reaching tier 10. All I get is OP kylo ren decks. He is obviously overpowered. I used to reallly enjoy this game but it feels like crap now.
Idd, it wasn't exactly at the very same time, but it was his ticket back to fame and glory and I'm glad he was ready for 
the opportunity. :)
AFAIK Iron Man was his way to retribution and the role that literally saved his career by giving it a fresh kickstart. At the time this probably also contributed to saving his life as I don't know what other role could have done this for him. Without knowing the details, I can imagine the work on Iron Man was also a good source of motivation for him to stay clean, but not more than his own wife (I read somewhere she basically said 'choose me or the drugs'). He had a choice between a wife, a good career and a clean life VS staying hooked on shit. 
No, no, don't worry, we agreed on armored tigers in a previous comment. They'll be ok.
I can't comment on that, source it if you can. A battery is meant to be used however it is designed to be used. You might want to explain this to Apple, for example, as they have used lipos that go beyond 4.2v with a nominal votage of beyond 3.80V (iphone X is 3.81 V nominal voltage). 

This is why batteries undergo rigorous testing, to find out if they are safe to use, or not. If you can push the cell to a certain limit over and over again, then you know they can be pushed to a certain extend and you know what that extend is.

Also, battery tech is not innovative at the moment, but it is getting refined constantly.

This is why the OP5T is now the fastest-charging device on the market, without producing too much heat with their new Dash Charge tech. I am willing to bet that OP5Ts battery also has a maximal voltage of 4.4 volts. 

EDIT: BTW, I'm quite sure that our S8 devices also have a battery with max. voltage of 4.3V or 4.4V. Samsung created a limitation in their ROM, that charges up to 90% of the total capacity. This is how the cell 'retains more than 95% capacity over 2 years'. No other way to do that, right now, with this technology.
Go check it, certain models have a max. charge of more than 4.2V, namely 4.3 and 4.4V. Their nominal charge is higher than 3.7v. Not every lipo is made equal.
Yes you can. 

Some phones have batteries with a maximum voltage of 4.4V or 4.3V. 
This is getting ridiculous and I am starting to consider saying goodbye to Knox and just rooting my S8. 

The very same thing happened to me (package disabler was working fine WITH service disabling functionality before I did a factory reset).

After the reset, I can no longer activate BK properly, and even if I do - there is no longer an option to stop specific services.

Not only that, but I couldn't even get this to work by downloading older versions of BK Disabler Pro and BK Plugin 2, which worked perfectly fine in Nougat. 

This bullshit is getting really tiresome as they keep trying to stop us from using the devices as we want, time after time, update after update. 

If a new OS comes out, I will gladly switch out, because Android and iOS are becoming more anti-consumer with every following update. 

The bs about better battery life is, of course, BS. In Nougat I could get down to 0.5% drain per hour, while in Oreo I am yet to ever see that. 

If this situation doesn't get resolved I might as well root the S8 and just wipe out every single crappy app and service that drains my battery without my explicit permission and need. 

Also, it's questionable whether I will even buy from Samsung again, given that this is the direction they are going for (less freedom, more forced stuff).
Oh, that's sweet, thanks!
This game has become a pile of sh*t. Downvote away. I decided to give it a go during the last month, or so, and finally today I broke and uninstalled the game. What made me do it was a game vs a Shaman in ranked play, where he played a card that re-played ALL battlecries that were played that game. From one 6/6 card, he ended up having a full deck of 6/6 cards, then by the end of this EXACT same turn, he had three 6/6 cards with divine shields and had brought me down to 2 hp down from 25, or so, all due to one battlecry that does 3 dmg to me and heals him 3 hp. He also had 2 cards remaining and NO other cards in his deck. After this single turn, he had almost a full hand with 8 or 9 cards. Needless to say, this single turn took the time of about two complete turns and a bit more. 

How the hell is this fair in any way whatsoever is beyond me. With this broken mechanic he extended his turn almost three-fold and completely wrecked me with a single card in a situation where this shouldn't be possible. This took no skill, he just played this and the rest was auto-done, taking a huge-ass chunk of time. F this game, I am out forever. Whoever can still enjoy it - hats off to you.
just pull out and then insert again and repeat, you are actually on the right path this time
Where have I said he 'really cared' about him? That's your own comment, or you are quoting someone else.

Negan respects Carl but that doesn't mean he wouldn't kill him in that specific situation. It was pretty much knife to the bone at that point and only a deus ex machina could save both of them (as it did).
Negan is not all that bad, as conveyed in the show more than a few times. In fact, I hope he lives and plays a better role than just to live in a cage as a social statement of some sort. 

Carl had huge balls and Negan saw that immediately. This was the first such moment we had with this character and was acted in a very good way. Definitely a crazy episode - so much going on... I loved it, the last two eps have been great. 
should have*
The amount of specialists and omnipotent, all-knowing people on reddit amuses me most of all. It really is gloriously entertaining!
Well, I never really showed any signs that it "bothers me so damn much"... That's entirely your own claim. 

To presume that such advice will 'save' a marriage is ridiculous, though. People that do not think ahead at all will surely find other ways to screw it up. Adding a kid to the equation is just for drama value, the situation in reality could be absolutely anything.

To me, reading how quick some redditors are to come and type in relationship advice is just funny, it entertains me. Some take it way too seriously and it's just kind of funny. 

Those who seek advice usually find it. OP most definitely did NOT seek any advice, at least I haven't noticed if they did.

People just come in and start pushing various agendas... Assuming OP didn't discuss this with their SO, conjuring up imaginary stories about destroyed marriages and lives of imaginary kids.

It's completely hilarious ;)
The point is that if people aren't smart enough to think such an act through, they probably *should* do it. Practical experience is much better than online advice from strangers.

In fact, the advice could be sound, and in this case it absolutely IS sound. But seriously, listening to other people about relationship advice can be bad even if it's good advice. People should learn to think - that is much useful than memorizing how to act in specific scenarios. 

This here, is a very specific scenario and you have the reddit love gurus instantly chiming in with some advisory paragraphs about how and in what order should things be done.

Nah, if someone wants to outright do such a thing w/o any prior discussion - let them do it. That will be the most valuable lesson of all as it would probably teach them to think ahead in other situations as well. If they just listen to this advice, they might do it this time, but fuck up the next thing terribly. It's much better to start off with forgiving mistakes, at least. I'm not saying you should get shot in the head to know guns can be deadly. But I am saying that too much specific advice can be detrimental.
I think the whole ordeal with lack of updates has been mostly occurring due to corporations being cheap and lazy. They didn't even consider this to be important (some still don't) for a very long time. 

An easier-to-explain thought is that obsolescence has been achieved by using lower-quality components and creating specifically-designed-to-fail mechanisms. 

With Apple, I have actually felt throttling for a very long time - ever since I had a job @ mobile gaming company and was tasked with testing on iOS devices daily. Literally all Apple devices went through my hands, up until the 7 series. I later had the chance to test all further models except the X @ my next job.

My observation has always been the same - major update made older models sluggish and a bit more unstable than before. I was fazed by people who claimed iPhones had no UI lag, because every single device I used could lag occasionally. Older models lagged consistently. 

With my Android devices, I have felt worsening in the battery department, not so much performance-wise. On the contrary, my S8 feels faster now, on Oreo, than it was on Nougat. And it was already pretty smooth everywhere on Nougat, at least my unit was. But I felt a drop in battery and this led me to a factory reset, which I did last night. Now comes another week of testing for any results.

Overall, I hope planned obsolescence becomes fully replaced by the sheer improvement of design and performance with newer models alone. This should be enough to motivate people to buy newer devices. Most already change phones every couple of years, more or less.


Oh, sorry then. 

BTW I do believe planned obsolescence is an ongoing thing around the world, just don't think Samsung have crippled the S8 line in any way, at least not on purpose. 
Well my dude, that's exactly the point I made (with sarcastic remark at the end but I'll be damned before I have to announce the type of jokes I make with tags). Unless you are just confirming it, I already agree with this and am not arguing against it.
~~> Obligatory PSA: Have the conversation about marriage, AND the conversation about kids BEFORE you give this propose to your SO.~~

Just do what you want.
They actually also want to continue selling the still-excellent S8s. I know, it's a mind-blowing idea...
Idd, I actually worsened my previous phone (Z5C) with non-root Greenify. I would never use this app on the S8.
Same here - no issue with the edges at all, I love them. My hands are also not huge, though. 

A case is still a good idea to prevent damage, dropping the S8 naked will likely be catastrophic (for the phone :)).
Not only that, dear friend, but I'll have you know ^ur ^^mum ^^^gay
I don't think it's intentional. For example, my S8 *used* to have this issue about half an year ago. Now, around the S9 launch, I've used BT daily and never noticed the wakelock again, except for the time it was actually used. 

Previously, in better battery stats, I'd see the wakelock without using it at all and it would last quite a while for no reason.

Android is just a messy OS, although I am not saying companies wouldn't do what you suggest. I bet all of them do it in some ways, or even only for specific regions.


They did not just pick it up - they fired it.
It's understandable, I don't think we should have to do any of this at all. Maybe try disabling and enabling it just once to see if it makes a difference. Also try wiping dalvik cache (google for steps if necessary).
You can disable BT services with a package disabler.

Let me tell you a crazy story - BT used to drain battery for me as a wakelock WITHOUT me using it EVER. It was always turned off. I just stopped the services and the wakelock was gone.

Fast forward a few months later, I bought BT headphones and enabled the services on the very same OS install. Wakelock never appeared again. Battery drain from BT is normal after using it for 2-3 hours daily, at least.

I tell you, Android is based on its own feelings and emotions. There is no real code there, only energies and vibes. Still love it and my S8, tho.
That's some excellent SoT there, depending on your usage during that time. 
lmao these are heart-wrenching 
You lose COMPLETE control over substratum after EVERY reboot. Keep in mind these problems are with my Samsung device - I cannot speak for other brands. 

This means that if you receive a system update and want to install it, but rebooted your phone and have no access to the Andromeda PC script - you are fckd. You will not be able to disable any overlays. You are locked like this until you activate the Andromeda script again from a PC with a usb cable. This has to be done on every single restart if you want to be able to use substratum AT ALL. 

Me, as well as various other users you can find complaining on XDA, have also noticed that most overlays stop functioning after restart. 

I also have huge problems with enabling overlays to begin with - they never show up completely in the manager list! I have to reboot at least once, or multiple times, then enable-disable visible overlays multiple times before I can see ALL installed ones in the manager tab. It's frustrating to say the least.

The best and most stable things I have managed to do with substratum is navbars, statusbar, tile icons, clock modifications. These remain after reboots and seem to function well. That is, IF you can install them and make them all appear in your manager, which is not always the case.

All in all, Substratum feels like pre-pre-Alpha in Oreo to me. When in Nougat it felt like a polished experience with only a few caveats that I did not mind at all. 
Exactly - that option is useless for the 3D button. And people were praising that we could turn it off when screen is off in Oreo. Well, I can't. That was the biggest feature for me, to be honest, but oh well. 
Well, they do sell an ad blocker for 25$ or so, so it is likely free blockers are in the way of their profits.
Mine doesn't drain anything at all when not used.
Substratum functionality is deeply fckd-up. And this was one of my top favorite things to do in Nougat, theme my phone completely and as I want it exactly.

Now Substratum requires a new plugin - Andromeda - which is VERY buggy (dev in xda claims it works perfectly, a myriad of comments suggests otherwise, including mine).

Other than that, battery life has been similar to before, going up or down some days. Can't say there is a real improvement. It still depends on how I use it. Standby drain with good network signal is very low, though. Active drain is just as before.

20-30 minutes of PUBG mobile at HD settings will drop 20-30%+ battery easily.
whoa :o
Can't even find the function that stops 3D home button from activating in my pocket. In fact, I have no such option and wonder why people talked about it at all...
Rip Carl, I guess
I think she simply didn't want to actually kill Negan. She wanted to want it, though.
I can't really say as my notifications are mostly switched off for basically all apps. I find them annoying and just check my phone and apps if I expect something. 

Regardless, I have tried to activate them for one app and they are very unpredictable and don't work at all sometimes. Can't say why that is.

Imho the best way to get all notifications is to start with a fresh factory reset and then make sure no apps are ever sleeping. That will, of course, eat a ton of battery and seems like a very bad idea to me - hence the turned off notifications in general. 
For me, battery life went back to the same as Nougat, or a bit better, without a reset. I just wiped cache twice between a few days and waited about 2 weeks. 

Now it's doing like before and I don't expect a reset to do any kind of magic. I already did everything possible on Nougat to get the best life I could in my location and for my daily usage.

Already, the ram management of Oreo is better and the phone feels slightly faster. I can't complain.
It took a few days for mine to settle. At first it was worse than before. Now it's pretty much the same, but if I don't get any real improvement I might do a reset in the future. 
https://imgur.com/a/pGuYV

No factory reset, but I have cleared Dalvik cache.

This is idling, but 0.5-0.6% idling with wifi and network signal on is not bad. This is on S8.
TBH it was "proven" that he survived after people watched the aftermath from different angles in another thread. Not sure if it was conclusive but the idea was that he was actually extremely lucky 
You are not alone

Can't wait for a playable version
I recently released my **two latest albums**, both on different sides of the spectrum. 

* The lighter one with some mellow IDM tunes, which I think is some of my best work:

https://soundcloud.com/bfnk/sets/kind_lfo

* The heavier one with some hardcore/cybercore/breakcore tunes:

https://soundcloud.com/bfnk/sets/serenity

I've been producing and honing my skills slowly for the last 6-7 years and it's been a very fun ride so far. Hopefully someone will enjoy my work. :) Feel free to check out the rest of my SC if you like what you hear, as there is variety in it.

Thanks!
Yes, they could have just thrown the dog out on the streets, like many others do. Props for that, because there is nothing lower than a piece of shit who abandons their dog at a random place and moves on with their life.
Oh, yeah, I agree. I misunderstood the previous comment, sorry.

It's a shame, but we did let it happen, one way or another. He couldn't have done this without our voluntary help. 
He wasn't even a teenager. By 20 you are considered a grown man with a solid idea of what is morally corrupt. 
Do you think in the time from his 20s 'till now he has become a better human being somehow? That's insane, by the looks of it he has become n-fold more evil and is in bed with RU's oligarchy. And we are all his little bitches, technically. 
Eyyyyyyyyyy!!
ty!
> Why say stuff if you have no idea if it's true?

You basically dismissed 90% of human speech. I getcha, though. It doesn't make much sense but that's how most humans function. For some reason...
That's exactly what they set their minds to, and humans are quite capable of achieving anything with the right mindset. It's just a shame. Not impressive, just sad.
It should only be re-installed after a factory reset and that's only because it is baked into the stock ROM as a system app.

If you upgrade from android 7 > 8, it won't re-appear. But if you do a factory reset after updating to 8 (which is a good idea), then it will likely come back. At that point you should be able to remove it again with the ADB commands. 
Absolutely not. This doesn't even require root, it only requires developer options (to turn on usb debugging) and a usb cable to connect with a pc. The rest is done with ADB commands.
This is awesome, actually. 
Wow, someone actually charged $375 for that o_o 

Drug abuse takes the shame away for sure
That's how you know their taste truly is shitty and there were no mistakes 
Don't listen to these uninitiated users here. Of course you can delete them, and you can delete them 99% fully (they will only come back after a FACTORY RESET, or if you manually re-install them yourself).

How?

Easy:

https://forum.xda-developers.com/galaxy-s8/how-to/how-to-remove-oem-bloatware-s8-s8-t3654687

I've tested this and it works perfectly. There are no traces of the FB packages on my phone at all. You will also need the proper ADB drivers and command line app. Download Fastboot with ADB from google if you have any problems, or PM me for additional help if you need any.
https://www.instagram.com/designdain/?hl=en
https://youtu.be/VLiOvGESqIE
Still liking your laptop? I just bought it (the 60hz version, sadly) and it was crazy hot. Undervolting the CPU and GPU and lifting the laptop up a bit truly turned it into a new computer. The temps are much lower now and went down from 90-93C to about 70-80C on the CPU and from ~80C and a bit above down to about 65-70C on the GPU. 

Going to buy a cooling pad, which might help even a bit more. The only thing I couldn't find was a working profile for this laptop and the Notebook Fan Control app.
Can you elaborate a bit more? Update to what? You could never remove services in any easy way before either. I could barely disable them with BK disabler 2 and still am not sure how and why it worked.
Full physical recovery: 6 weeks

Fully psychological recovery... 6 months
Laptops with PASCAL gpus apparently cannot use Optimus. They work differently from the older M models and the igpu cannot be mixed with it, it seems. 
happy reddit cake day
Amazing stuff
You're welcome! Keep up the good work ^^
That sounds wonderful. Happy for you - cherish what you have if you can, always. :)

Don't be sorry
For me it was the other way around - I was amazed at how crisp and nice the max. resolution looks like, and I could never switch back away from it. I used to be on the stock resolution and have not noticed any kind of battery life loss. Other things have had significantly more pronounced effects on the battery so resolution is not really something worth sacrificing with such a phone. 

I even went further than that and increased the DPI from dev options to 460, IIRC. Such a splendid experience like this.

With my normal usage patterns, I can easily go for 2 days with the phone without charging (presuming i reach 5-10% on the second evening) or at least 4-5 days in standby with very light usage (like check for notifications here and there or have a short call or short gaming session every once in a while). With max battery saving modes it can reach about 200 hours and full standby, but that mode reduces dpi back to stock again (changing any battery mode resets dpi settings, sadly).

examples of battery estimations:

https://drive.google.com/open?id=0Bwg-0GLG0gP9QTd0ZUZKWklKNGs

https://drive.google.com/open?id=0Bwg-0GLG0gP9NDJQd2NYSkZ3V0U

With the 720p mode the only potential gain you will have is from games and maybe if you watch videos a LOT, but in all fairness that's like buying a top-of-the-line gaming pc and playing on low settings so that your fans never go above 10% speed. Pointless, I think.
impressive list :o
Controversial advice. I'd say this is down to personal preference and not an option I personally would choose to tone down on a device like the S8. It can create the illusion of speed on slower devices but S8 should be snappy enough with 1x. At least mine has been so far.
Then the kick would be perfectly appropriate. But it's a dangerous game - getting into "what if".
Wow, so edgy!
Yes, and it definitely works - I could take a cold shower easily as opposed to it being horrific otherwise. 
https://youtu.be/bLj9s7xQk4I

This pretty much shows it. It's not complicated - you induce controlled hyperventilation and introduce a lot of oxygen into the body. After that, taking a cold shower can become much easier and it's a shame as I don't do this often at all, while I could be doing it daily.
...shiet
what happened next?
Yes, removing the account could delete some data from the device, but it shouldn't be hard to restore when you log back in.
I think currently the GPSs are messed up for many people, for who knows what reasons... 

Previously I would get 30mAh drain from them daily and then once it gets messed up, there is no stopping it. Today it almost reached 200mAh again.

I try doing all kinds of things but am really getting tired with this crap from google. On every single phone I have this drain has come back. It's like they wait a few months on a new device and then just activate the drain for you and it can't be stopped.

Last time I even rolled back to the non-beta GPS and this didn't fix the issue. Now I plan to go back on beta, but on a previous update and see if that helps at all. 

Disabling some of the ~370 google play services is probably going to introduce even more drain into my system but I will give it a shot. 

Eventually I might just do a factory reset... again. But I was hoping to postpone that until Oreo official comes out. It could be sooner if this drain doesn't stop. Then if the drain comes back I'm back to scratch with a wiped out system too.
That's only one potential reason.

For me, getting off WiFi doesn't solve the drain at all. Today I was on LTE for most of the day and the drain was still there.

In my case (on S8), the usual drain has been about 30-70mAh per day from GPServices, while on bad days it can go as high as 300mAh. 

I see users which have it reach 1000mah per day, and that is completely insane. In those cases I think the problem is worse and related to something else. 

Generally, the drain should be always below 100mah per day with moderate usage of the device, but I don't change my usage habits and get very different results.

I am so tired of this crap... almost makes me want to switch to iPhone next year, but at the same time I know iOS has much worse problems that I can't get over, so Android will continue to be my OS. 

Regardless, these drain issues are atrocious and it's obvious that Google either don't give a crap about that, or actually want it to be like that and are forcing the drain by conducting who-knows-what kind of datamining with our devices free of charge, at the cost of our battery on our end. 
This problem is the worst thing about Android and I have been struggling to fix it for a very long time now. At this point I am considering getting adjusted to a rom which does not use play services at all. What gets to me is that it appears the drain is related to location and comes and goes as it decides. It seems it is coded to behave in such a way. I dont think google will fix it, I think they made it like this on purpose.
Btw I managed to turn off Play services from the main package somehow (it did not let me do that before) and am doing some testing to see if I can remove the play services drain completely without breaking anything. Will update if it works
damn, son
free.techno-link.org REPRESENT

suckaaz too young to know where it all began 
RIP 
Well, that kind of applies for all life, but yeah.
Talk about unit measurement consistency to the USA, good one. It is actually [consistent for them to completely mess it up](http://weknowmemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/united-states-vs-the-rest-of-the-world.jpg), so technically it's done properly. 
I understand, I do play SW:Force Arena occasionally as I have never spent a dime on it and the gameplay is quite good, and I have mosty wins in my match history at the same time. It does not feel p2w to me, but I am not in the high leagues yet as I play rarely.

In any case, I am 100% convinced that a truly good and fully non-p2w competitive game can exist on android and also be very lucrative for the developers. Just look at examples like Vainglory. 
PIXEL DUNGEON DOESN'T!!! :P

No, seriously, quite a few of them don't. I am more than willing to spend 10$, 20$ or even more IF the game is made like a real game and has no pay2win bullshit in it.

Sadly, the market has proven that microtransactions are way more profitable than a high, single buying price.

Regardless, we still get decent games every now and then and all hope is not lost.

This doesn't change the fact that the ONLY POSSIBLE WAY to defeat this model is to ignore it. Simply do not play such games, especially do not ever purchase their little transactions. 


For me, it usually happens when I move around, location-wise. I have no idea why it occurs, but it almost feels like GPS itself is forcing it when it decides to, because nothing in particular changes otherwise on the device. 

Today, for example, I have had 0.3% drain per hour and no GPS drain whatsoever. Last night I just force-closed the play services and charged my device (the gps services all re-start themselves right after closing them). Over 9 hours it has drained 3% with Wi-Fi on in my room.

I am really annoyed by how random it seems to be and that I have to do things to keep it in check so often.

Without the GPS drain, the battery behaves very well and lasts very long. I also always have my location turned off, btw.
the real mvp
I mean, I hope that's considered cheating by them and they ban such accounts.
Thanks for the reply. I imagined the same as such support is usually mentioned at least somewhere in the desc or the game itself.

I can get used to the touch controls with some effort but gamepad would definitely bring it a bit further ahead.
Not a single better response than this one.

EA,

It's in your ass.
Screw all games with RNG lootbox systems. Just ignore them, there is no better way to treat this issue.
Pretty sick game! I expected less but for a clone it's actually very promising and fun to play. 

My only grime is the touch controls but that goes for every touch-based shooter.

Does it have controller support?
the /s tag was invented for people like yourself ;) 
For quite a while as it showed up on top of my wakelock lists in BBS.

I don't use it for anything so it was never actually enabled from settings. Disabling it was not a problem for me, because I do not use it at all. When I buy BT headphones, tho, I will re-enable it from the BK plugin.

Really, the only reason I disabled it completely was this inexplicable wakelock. Go figure why it came up in the first place.

Recently, my biggest problem has been google play services. I am so tired of clearing cache and force stopping the sub-services, but at least that solves it for the charge. 

At this point I have to do it every other day and I'm starting to wonder if I should install another version of it, or unroll from beta. This is definitely the WORST battery problem I have had with ALL of my android phones during the last few years and I completely hate it.

Play services should be sitting at about 1% drain per day and some days it goes to first place above the screen, or second place below the screen. It's completely ridiculous and a total shame that Google have not fixed it completely by now and that I have do a myriad of things to try and fix it myself between normal days. 
BT created a wakelock for no reason almost daily. I always had it off. Disabling solved the wakelock. Android is weird.
The boost was added years after wow orignally got made. New players benefit the most from it vs ppl who have leveled dozens of chars over the years. Also, boost are given with new expansions to every customer. That all adds up to a fairer model across the board.
Fuck off, EA, you made gaming evil. Really hope to see you and your model go and never come back.
Bluetooth, Bluetooth Test, Finance, Samsung Dex Home, Sound detectors, Weather.

Beyond that, I've disabled specific services in many apps. Most are "AppMeasurementService/Job", "Firebase...anything", "analytics...anything".

I've also used pm uninstall commands to remove all facebook-related packages, and disable anything related to facebook in app services.
It's the same crap with battery life questions. 
https://www.reddit.com/r/GalaxyS8/comments/78idcg/bfnks_guide_for_hunting_down_basic_wakelocks_on/

Try this.

Definitely do not follow that XDA guide because it's a complete overkill that does not show any proof and any real data at all. 

I actually did follow the XDA guide 2 months ago and my Android OS/system usage went UP, not down. It's like throwing a grenade to kill 5 ants in a room.

You need sniper work to disable properly, not an explosion. 
It's not even normal unless he is averaging an impressive SoT, like 6-7-8 hours throughout 15 hours of total time. But of course no SoT info/proof is provided in these posts as far as I see.

(edit) He claims 5h of SoT, which is really not that impressive. I'm pretty happy that I did a factory reset after following that XDA guide, things are much better with specific things disabled that you know are going to help.

Disabling bixby, knox, a ton of other system packages, is completely unnecessary. 
15 hours? What does that mean? 15 hours in total? That's absurdly low... How much of screen time does that involve and at what brightness / with what kind of activity and quality of network connections?

I get 50 hours of "overall" usage with very specific services disabled and only a few whole packages turned off. The idle standby goes beyond 4 days. 

The guide you followed disables a shitton of things that you don't really need to disable at all, and provides ZERO articulation and proof, not even a few screenshots with battery stats. It just claims things but it's so vague that it's almost useless. It even disables Knox which is just outright stupid. 

If you used to get 10 hours of total usage with less than 7-8 hours of screen time, your phone sounds defective to me. 

Here's some proof with 1 hour of screen time when the shot was taken:

https://drive.google.com/open?id=0Bwg-0GLG0gP9QTd0ZUZKWklKNGs


0.3% per hour drain:

https://drive.google.com/open?id=0Bwg-0GLG0gP9NDJQd2NYSkZ3V0U

You can't recommend anyone to disable hundreds of packages when you have no idea what you have done. I can recommend only what I've found through actual testing and gathering of data.
0.3-0.7% per hour is "normal" with WiFi on.
That's not possible for the actual GPS package, and it WILL help for 3rd party apps, actually.

GPS is completely f*cked in a way that it can start draining your battery for no apparent reason whatsoever.

To investigate you should use something like Better Battery Stats + ADB BATTERY_STATS permission granted, and a package disabler.

In many cases, the wakelocks won't even show anything abnormal and you might still get the GPS drain out of nowhere, which happened to me again a few days ago.

Things I do when it happens:

- Delete system cache from storage settings

- Delete Dalvik cache from recovery settings 

- Open GPS in the running processes (from Dev options) and manually force close all of their sub-processes

- Reboot again

This usually stops the drain.

Other things you can do:

- Re-install GPS updates (will require taking away the admin privilege from Find My Device service), or update GPS to beta, or another version taken from apkmirror

- Log off GPS accounts, delete caches again, specifically go to GPS and Play Store in the app list and delete cache from them, then log back into the accounts

- Reboot again

Then the Package disabler helps additionally by letting you stop gps services or other analytic services from specific apps (except the core GPS service list). 

You can look in every single app and try to understand what each of its sub-services do. Often they have "analytics" in the name - that's always good to turn off.

Stop all "AppMeasurement"-related and "Firebase"-related services. You will find LOTS of apps that have them.

I think it's atrocious that Google have NOT fixed this issue for **a number of years** now.

One could say... they prefer it this way?!
Damn, the Play Store sucks so bad. Still a horrid platform after all these years. 
What would be fair is for Google to send out the refunds, taking nothing from the devs. But we all know how fair Google is.
Erm, excuse me, I think you mean "healthily, fabulously plus-sized".
There are too many possibilities. You can investigate but it's going to take some reading. Look for "guide" posts in this sub and you will find at least 2 useful ones.

Factory resetting will probably solve it too, but that's a last resort. You can do a number of things that can have a practical effect and restore battery life, but it's a process of removing or changing things that caused it in the first place.

Sometimes it's also inexplicable.

Like today, google play services ended up at the top of my list. It's usually draining 30mAh per day, and some days it has reached 100+, or even 300mAh per day after the previous OS update I did with a security update.

Generally, nobody can help you AT ALL unless they know what the cause of the drain is. That's not going to happen easily and your best bet is to learn how to investigate it and fix it yourself by reading on the topic.
In this thread, mostly you are dumb.
Absolutely. What a piece of crap app and a bunch of services.

I used the pm uninstall commands to get rid of all fb-related shit.
Try the tips from the GPS section in [this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/GalaxyS8/comments/78idcg/bfnks_guide_for_hunting_down_basic_wakelocks_on/).
I'm right there with you man. Queue 'you haven't read it, have you??' comments below. As if reading it will change a fact. 

A completely bs book aimed at helping those with no substance feign some to gain favor. I'm amazed at how many people have bought into it as if it's a positive read. 

Goes to show you how many are fine with that kind of a guide without even realizing what it is.
It's a bullshit book about manipulation aimed at helping people feign character and swaying others your way. I thought that the was funniest part of this starter pack. 

If you wan't a good book in your starter pack, try something like The Power of Now. It's a pretty simple read, but on point. Less about faking shit and more about trying to understand what you really are. (Pro tip: not a bland, superficial, fearful manipulator by nature)
It'd be pretty awesome to have at least 3 very responsive, pressure-sensitive nav buttons under the screen and just go with that + keep the optional on-screen nav bar if you want that too.
OVERBAKED MASTER RACE!!
No, it's not reasonable for anyone that expects clean results and that has been true for both Android and Windows for YEARS. 

Even upgrading from Windows 7 to 10 will leave you with a dirty install which is unstable. I did actually try that and what do you know, it wasn't a good install.

Also, nobody should care about "what most people do". What you should care about is "what's the correct thing to do". And the correct thing is to wipe your phone after major OS upgrades, as well as installing a clean windows after formatting your drives.

But hey, if you prefer to be stubborn with a shitty battery life - that's your decision and it's fine by me. And I'm not even saying a reset will 100% solve your problem. It's just a valid approach when nothing else has helped. This is a beta, I wouldn't risk installing it w/o being prepared to do multiple wipes if necessary.
Thanks for pointing that out.
It might also work to just restart nova from the advanced settings in Nova settings container.
Well then it's pretty normal.

I had the exact same issue after updating to AQI7, which was a minor update.

I also had this issue after fidding with a package disabler too much on my first install of the phone. I did a factory reset then and it went away.

Any kind of battery-related feedback is not useful if it was done after a dirty install. 

This is why I prefer to wait for the official release, after which I will almost 100% surely do a factory wipe. 
Use the force of the search, the topic has been discussed numerous times in and out of reddit. We get identical threads like this a few times a week here and it's getting ridiculous. 

edit: don't you dare suggest anyone gets on their ass and searches for something, lfmao. People have written guides and huge comments, do you expect that they should be re-written for every single question like this just because you are too lazy to write some keywords and press Enter?  

Gives one SoT screenshot and expects an expert assessment of the situation with professional tips. Story of most android subs.
Factory reset or not?
If the dog was you, it would not give a shit about his "life situation" and just do its best to keep doing what it wants to do. That's why dogs are sometimes way fucking cooler than humans. 
underrated dank
Better performance overall, faster execution of system-wide commands, better 3rd partty app contextual support.
The edgiest kid around the block!!!
That makes no sense for a gaming phone. You want space to hold it in landscape. That's precisely why the bezels on this phone work and SHOULD be there. It obviously has barely any bezel on the sides, which make sense again, and some kind of a grippy material used on the top and bottom, so it feels good when you hold it. 

They did the design **exactly** as they should have. Your opinion is fine, but what' I'm saying is objectively true.
Seems like the thread is number 1 right now. Not saying it wasn't buried before, but it has definitely risen up at the moment.
Haha, that's too true. 

I think this time around they went with the "fingers crossed" Quality Assurance method. 
I've got 5 cases so far, and to be fair only use and prefer two of them.

The first one is **[Elago Origin](http://www.elagostore.eu/case/samsung/galaxy-s8/i_963_origin-case-for-galaxy-s8-black)**. It's basically a skin case, and honestly is the best-looking one. Super minimal and adds virtually no bulk at all (0.3mm thickness). Sadly, it provides no protection for the device other than against scratching the back. Ironically, if you put the device in the case with dust particles on the back, it can actually scratch more than w/o a case. Also, it has a cutout for the finger scanner and that's something I can really appreciate.

The other one I use is for protection - **[Spigen Slim Armor](https://www.spigen.com/products/galaxy-s8-case-slim-armor?variant=30615558017)**. I think it doesn't matter much if you choose tough/slim armor, because they are almost identical and should provide exactly the same amount of protection.

On some rare, brave days, I use the Elago case and just thoroughly enjoy my device. The case does not extend the sides and the bezel-less edges are just a joy to feel and see. 

On most days, I use the Slim Armor case and feel much more secure with it. I know that it should withstand any kind of random drop (fingers crossed - I have not dropped the s8 even once yet and don't want to) and that makes me feel OK, but it definitely takes away the real beauty of the device. Any real protection will do that to it. It has to, otherwise there would be no protection.

So, the choices seem like two to me - A super-slim case, or a thicker, armored case. It doesn't matter TOO much which ones you choose, but there is little sense in going towards the middle ground, where there is a bit of thickness but not a lot of protection.

The third exception is those LED cover cases, which are a gimmick in their own right and could be preferred by some people. 

Just beware to **NEVER** use a case with credit card holder, which is inside the cover and facing the display. The credit cards will eventually scratch your screen and that would be the dumbest way to scratch it possible.

I use no screen protector whatsoever and have the device in my pocket very often - not a single scratch for 3 months, or at least I can't find any when I clean it fully. 
I guess it's funny because Apple fanboys are so oblivious and incapable of recognizing the new models of their own fav brand, that they deserve to be smacked for it. Yeah, it is funny, to be fair :D
Please no bendable oled! Maybe for some kind of a watch, but not my phone ;(
+1 for this

I love the 'Roboto Light (For S8)...' version of the status bar icons, it's a million times better, ESPECIALLY if you changed your dpi beyond 400 (using 460 here and never going back ^^). The default status bar looks horrid with my dpi settings - it's displayed almost like in low resolution.


:/ 

If Disablers don't work and Substratum has no stable support, I might as well not update to 8.0 when it comes out, to be honest. 

ESPECIALLY if there is no significant battery life improvement. 

Then, what exactly do we get, I do not know. "Under-the-hood" changes, but my 7.0 is already pretty stable, snappy and well-optimized. I get quite decent battery life and I am able to disable specific services to fight wakelocks. 

It might be a good idea to wait a bit after the official release, just to see exactly what we are getting into.

It's not worth risking a whole bunch of quality-of-life improvements that you can apply in Nougat by yourself for a more streamlined Oreo experience that takes away valuable tools. 

It's just too early to say.
https://www.reddit.com/r/GalaxyS8/comments/70wiza/it_has_started/

Way too few differences between these posts.
Yes have the same issue and I think it's software-related in some way. Phone has not been damaged in any way and the home button generally works fine, but definitely glitches-out sometimes.
s8 case hoarders REPRESENT
If you have any package disablers - do they still work?
yes
Hm, weird. I had no such problems on mine, but actually use a Samsung theme for the System UI and then use substratum for stuff like status bar icons / tiles, and individual apps. It seems to work great.
BTW, the disablers can be useful and I went into a little bit of detail over here:

https://forum.xda-developers.com/galaxy-s8/help/guide-hunting-wakelocks-battery-drain-t3697324#post74372275

I could actually get rid of certain wakelocks in this way. Now my idle drain when the phone is not moving at all is 0.3-0.4% per hour and it's very stable. 

Disabling specific services used for usage statistic mining helped a lot and I no longer see wakelocks that used to appear regularly. 
Fleksy.
Thanks for sharing this with us, really cool opinion!
Try this:

https://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2588979

or this:

http://adbdriver.com/downloads/

you also need samsung drivers but that might be included in these packs, I can't say since I installed my adb a long time ago and then installed samsung drivers much later on.

After that you should find adb executable somewhere in your system and you can run it from there. You need to enable USB debugging on your phone, connect it, and then do the rest.
BTW, I did try the uninstall commands a few minutes ago and they worked like a charm. Completely removed 1 carrier app that wasn't actually removable otherwise, and all facebook-related packages. They can no longer be found on the device. But you have to repeat this procedure on each factory reset, of course. 
Well that's not necessarily abnormal. It really depends on what you do. I've taken as many steps as I can to preserve my battery life while others might want to use the phone to its full extend all day long, it just depends on how you use it. 

In some cases there are some things that drain it in abnormal ways and that's where you can investigate if you think smth's wrong.

Check out my guide if you want:

https://www.reddit.com/r/GalaxyS8/comments/78idcg/bfnks_guide_for_hunting_down_basic_wakelocks_on/

And at the end of that post you will find a link to another guide from /u/neomancr which is also pretty good for battery life tips in general. 
It looks like [this](https://da2lh5cs8ikqj.cloudfront.net/cart-products/cOfAPJLSfP41G2PM.medium).

Haha, sorry, I had to.

Well, it completely depends on what kind of heavy usage. My personal heavy-usage days are more like 3h-4h at most per a single day and the battery would still be in the 40-50% range. I just don't get to use the device for too long because there is almost aways a PC around me. Also, I do my best to charge the phone at about 50% or 40% minimum and simply do not go below that number more than once in a few months (with any phone).

By my calculations according to my usage, I should be able to get at least 10h of SoT if I JUST watch videos all day long, and more like 5h-6h if I use it for all kinds of things and don't focus on one thing for too much. 

I am curious though, because given the stable idle drain, I should get pretty good results. Maybe I'll give it a shot next weekend and watch some tv show on it for a day, then play force arena as much as I can on the next day and compare light heavy usage vs truly heavy heavy usage.

edit: Oh, and you use the device at max or close to max brightness, do not expect much from the battery over a whole day no matter what you do.
Yes, I think it's well worth it as GSam didn't work when I tried to give it permission after uninstalling and re-installing it again. 
https://drive.google.com/open?id=0Bwg-0GLG0gP9VHBvZHBJUjBBRjA

Here is a video as well, taken with my old Z5C but it should be visible if you d/l or wait for the quality to get better ;) 
HECK YEA. F THE HATERS.
Well I said it's mostly idling... have not used any apps that have amounted to enough for the drain list.

Here is the SAME charge cycle, right now:

https://drive.google.com/open?id=0Bwg-0GLG0gP9QTd0ZUZKWklKNGs

That's pretty normal if you idle for 2-3 days. Would look different I had used it heavily. 
Good ol' regular S8 :)
Not so bad then, thankfully you are missing the only thing out of the box that can be downloaded :D
That's weird... AFAIK in EU, retailers are bound by law to include a user manual for any tech they sell officially. Maybe it's different in the USA, though, I have no idea.

Did you at least get the AKG headphones and all accessories? 

http://gadgetguideonline.com/s8/package-contents-in-galaxy-s8-box/

You can check there for what's expected to be in the box.

Gladly, even though I purchased the phone from a network operator, it came with no bloatware from them, except their general info app which is useful and can be uninstalled at any time. I hear that some US carriers slap a lot more than that into the devices and if I had that on my phone, I would definitely do anything I can to completely remove it.

If you don't want to use ADB commands, you can always use a package disabler, which still works fine with the galaxy models, s8 included. They do not uninstall packages but effectively freeze them and put them out of use. I would just not go crazy and be careful with what I disable.
No worries. 

You can read more here: https://forum.xda-developers.com/galaxy-s8

... but don't trust XDA completely, take everything with a grain of salt. Some guides are quite good, others are incomplete or plain wrong. 
It's best to avoid trying to root if you are new to Android in general, as there are never precise guides and you are more often than not on your own. You can brick the device easily, and also rooting will trip the whole Knox security system of the S8. 

Plus, I'm not sure if the SD835 s8 version can be rooted yet. I know that Exynos can, but I wouldn't try it anytime soon, if at all. Not really a huge need to root anyways. 
Given that you know the exact package names of the bloatware, you should be ok with these guides, yeah. Just don't remove anything else :P

I haven't personally tried the uninstall commands on my S8 but it should work. On some devices these commands would not work at all without root. 
No problem
Yeah. Not a stupid question, no worries.
Not a single link...

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.microsoft.launcher&hl=en
But how do you know that post wasn't full of shit and completely made-up? Why do you think someone with that kind of mentality would come to reddit and "confess"?
I used GSam a long time ago but basically you can order the battery usage by type (like CPU %, Network %, etc) and then for example press on Android System and look for more details inside. Kernel wakelocks could be a problem as well as individual apps and you should be able to find these stats if the permission worked. For me, last time I used it the permission would not work at all for some reason after trying to give it multiple times, which is why I switched to BBS.

If it's really hard to see anything abnormal with the battery tool, the problem could be harder to find and might take a while to pin point.

An even deeper way to look for problems is to export a device system log and dig into that, but this could be hard to read without a lot of googling and some understanding of the system. 


Good luck! Hopefully it's just a software problem and can be resolved by a reset or removing/updating some app or service. 

https://imgur.com/a/TSyn7

That's mine with about 1h of SoT and a lot of idling during the weekend.

Bear in mind the projected battery life is always based on your usage patterns, so if you barely use the device and have decent idle drain, the hours will go quite high. If you use it heavily day-to-day, it will probably project much less.

But to project less than 24h with a usual SoT of less than 6-7 hours would be a bit off. In your case it's really off and if even a reset doesn't help you should try for a replacement due to a faulty battery. But really, any android device can show such stats if something is stuck draining the battery in the background and in your case it's somewhere from the Android OS. That's why battery stats apps can help, as they can break down Android OS/System drain into wakelocks and services so that you get a better idea. It could also be related to all the connectivity you have turned on, combined with bad signal and very high brightness, so it's not necessarily broken. It's really dependent on the conditions and the way you have used it. Having low idle drain just helps, while active drain can be really flexible or unpredictable at times.
I would try to completely uninstall carrier-based bloatware using ADB commands and uninstall commands. Then the only way for it to return is after a factory reset.
Try using Better battery stats or another tool for a few days to collect information in more detail. Give the app battery_Stats permission and observe idle drain after sleep, etc. 

What you are showing is not normal and it seems that the battery is getting destroyed by the software, or worse - is hardware-related. 
Absolutely... I had a similar experience in a couple of bigger reddits that I was an active participant in, always trying to be helpful and rarely asking any questions. One power-tripping moderator and his pussy-anus other mod friends is all it takes. Doesn't matter if the moderator is wrong, his buddies will always support him, even if the user is a good contributor. 

Fuck most people on reddit anyways, shitty subs are the VERY best ;)
It's not very accurate. 
But it is kinda true isn't it ;[
I'm with you, man. There is no explanation why so many people are hyped over this, other than sheer fanboism. It's not even 10% as funny as the original Vape Naysh video. You hit the mark with "phoned in". 

To me, this video was a forced Jigsaw commercial for $$. Really disappointed. I expected 90% more of this video and it was just depressingly unfunny. 

> Maybe you're growing tired of h3's comedy

No, this is just not the original level of h3's comedy. Everyone's entitled to their own opinion, of course.
That's pretty crazy. Can you view partial wakelocks as well, from specific apps, or see a breakdown of android system? Also, what do Android battery stats show from the system settings?

It seems the system drains too much but there is a lot of packages in it and it's hard to say just by these shots. Kernel wakelocks look pretty normal otherwise. 2-3 charges per day sounds very bad, though.
Your comment said "that's sound bullshit", while it was not sound bullshit at all. What you thought he was saying is something else. What he said was completely true. He never said that doing anything else DOESN'T complete a cycle, ever. He said 0-100 completes 1 cycle and that's true. Charging 60-100 does not complete a cycle per 1 such charge. It completes cycles much slower and thus extends the overall battery life. 

Charging between 50 and 90% is best for overall usage if you want to preserve. The last 10% are the hardest on any lion battery.
If you actually get 5 hours of standby, you completely and utterly wrecked your phone somehow, or have had a defective unit from the get-go. That is absolutely absurd degradation level for ANY lion battery, unless it was drained from 100-0% a few times a day and was kept hot all the time. 

Jesus, the lion battery misinformation is too strong around mobile users. 

/u/Tyler1492 is right and you are the one who's talking BS. 

http://batteryuniversity.com/learn/article/how_to_prolong_lithium_based_batteries

If you charge from 60% up you get ~1,500 / 3,000 cycles. If you charge from 0-100% you get ~300 / 600 cycles. Does that sound identical to you?

> Cycling in mid-state-of-charge would have best longevity.

Just... go read some proper information and then talk about it.
Well I just got used to not using AOD at all, it did not serve any purpose that is too important. It's basically a live clock. Not anything revolutionary. It sure looks good, though.
To be fair, it doesn't seem like you have any particular Partial Wakelocks that really hold your device awake, though it seems your device was not in deep sleep for 32mins and that could be due to the AOD, or some Kernel wakelock. Your partial wakelocks are all quite short, and only the first one seems kind of weird to me and comes from some app that is not known to me. I, personally, don't use the AOD as it seems almost no purpose whatsoever as I can always just power the phone when I need to check the time and otherwise it simply draws power from the display. 

Is your android system/os abnormally high in the battery graph? And how often did you power the screen? Deep sleep enters after some time and if you constantly checked your device on and off it could be just normal statistics on an active day. I'd say this would be abnormal if you left the device for 7 hours without touching it and it had 70% deep sleep, but when you are very active it would be normal.
Which apps exactly? If you do not have any problems with battery, then it might be best to just ignore the guide. 

If you do have problems with it, read more carefully about the used tools, their alternatives and what they do, and how to use them.
The question here is not if you watch a lot of Youtube. The right questions are:

1. At what brightness do you watch youtube usually?
2. How long is a single youtube run for you without shutting the screen off, and how many such runs per 1 day?
> MyAndroidTools

Requires root. This is a root-less guide and I will not be rooting my device any time soon, personally.
No, none of the obvious options are activated.
Yeah, just do not disable the two I mentioned that should not be on the list. I contacted BK to see if they know why they come on the list.
No problem :)
Find my device is the one you need to disable, just for the reinstall
Btw remember to make Device manager admin again after updating gps
Android device manager is the admin for GPS
I'll have to try this some day but still don't have a proper phone holder for my car to use with the S8. At some point I'll get one and give it a shot with location tracking and parking tracking, although that still shouldn't really destroy battery. It definitely will have an effect, though, location services are always a drain source. It's good to have them disabled whenever you are not using them.
You can probably force it into "Always sleeeping Apps" and also optimize it from the Battery settings menu @ battery usage screen. But it might stop receiving notifications on time. 

I would personally try to get my friends on Telegram but that rarely works when people have already chosen something else. Still, Snapchat is notorious as a battery hog and I am not sure why people are so attached to it... 

One more thing you might want to watch out for is to not open the snapchat camera mode and then minimize the app. I don't know if it's the same with Instagram, but if you do that on Instagram the camera will be kept active while it's minimized and will drain battery and make the phone hot... These apps are SO BADLY coded and yet so famous. It's sad, really. But it is what it is and some people still have a need to use them, so I understand.
https://drive.google.com/open?id=0Bwg-0GLG0gP9el9vR3VzbVN4d00

Here, but this XML export will not show individual services that were disabled. If you follow the guide you should end up something pretty close anyways. Just disable the measurement and firebase services 1 by 1 on any app that might have them. 

BTW: I'm not sure why com.sec.android.emergencylauncher and dlp.service appear in that list. I haven't got these packages disabled when I filter them out and look at the list inside BK. Dlp service is even shown as running, while the emergency launcher is not even visible when I search. Weird.
GSam, which I linked in the post, is free, while for package disablers the only free alternative is to use ADB command prompt and actually send uninstall commands. You can see how to do this in this gude:

https://www.xda-developers.com/uninstall-carrier-oem-bloatware-without-root-access/

Sadly, I don't know a way to do this for individual services only without removing/hiding a whole package. Package disablers tend to make that part easier, although it doesn't work for system apps even with them.
Wakelock is a service or app that keeps your device awake, unable to enter deep sleep. Most of them are supposed to be extremely short in time length and do not have any effect on performance, while others can keep your device awake for no good reason for too long, or even slow down the phone if something is very wrong.
Indeed, I hope it's still useful in the long run, though. I've definitely had enough of the GPS drain, it's something that I see as a problem on many devices and had it as a problem on my previous 3 ones. 

Some people actually don't even know it's supposed to sit at 1-3% usage at most during their day and have come to see it as normal when it's at the top of the list... Android still has a long way to go with battery and I hope Oreo fixes at least some if it.
It was announced in March, but released in April, that's true.

But again, that's not really an excuse. They should be focusing more on the flagship devices and leave the cheaper models for later, but of course that is not happening. 

I won't be surprised at all if Oreo comes for the S8s officially in the first *few* months of next year. By that time we would probably be behind with security updates again. 

What's the point of having the most expensive device if you lag with security while cheaper ones don't?
Samsung Galaxy S8 

2017, March

What's the excuse here, I don't follow?

I think you removed the whole post :(
This is not how to link images through google, they cannot be opened.
That sounds good for someone with overactive bladder. I don't really get up at night but do feel the urge too often sometimes during the day. I must basically start keto soon to try it out for myself and will report about any improvement in the future if I see one. The only problem is figuring out a balanced choice of food that suits my taste and to satisfy all needs of the body properly, especially during the first weeks. I'll try to figure it out correctly and just start and see what happens. 
Thanks for noting that, I might as well start tracking it.
https://cdn.zmescience.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/imperial_vs__metric_by_nekit1234007-d5p0ou5.png
I have for a very short while but did not sense any particular effect. Is there a reason why it would have any effect? I generally eat baked cashews and almonds which contain it (though I rarely eat them fresh) so I shouldn't be lacking it too much, though I might be wrong. 
Thank you!
It can be crippling when it gets worse due to some infection, for example. But I am determined to find a way to solve it without surgical interventions or heavier meds. There must be a way to generally improve it, as it feels "generally worsened" at the moment. Not impossible, pretty doable in the right circumstances. But if I generally improve it it might become possible to start going out without fear again, etc.

Some people are permanently catheterized for example and that's a no-go for me, but I definitely feel their pain. I am not at that point and still before my 30s so there must be some hope.
I did for a while but it didn't seem to work out. My current method is to meditate before bed whenever I don't feel too tired to do that, and maybe become more physically active which is really becoming a problem after the last few years. I *should* be able to stabilize the issue but it really takes a lot of effort some days and often it feels like there is no end to it.
Definitely. Currently, I'm probably drinking about 2l a day or less, though I am not keeping track of it. And I still get urges often. The problem would be if I get even more frequent urges but continue to have issues with releasing my bladder. Hopefully the diet itself can improve my general state and allow me to regain some of that lost control. I wouldn't mind going to the bathroom even every 20-30 minutes if I **can** urinate normally each time. But with the shy bladder + nerve damage this can be devastating and I don't wish this problem on anyone - it's hell some days. 
I'm not saying it's a serious concern for everyone, just that it's technically a compromise. The S8 could have had double front-facing speakers - even my older Sony Z5c has those. It has lower max volume, but the sound is much fuller and spacious due to it being stereo. 

For me, the drawback is that if the speaker is obstructed on the S8, sound almost completely disappears. Very annoying if you play games while holding the phone sideways. Otherwise the volume of the speaker is impressive, but just sounds thin in comparison to stereo phones.

Of course, you can use headphones and I love that it has a 3.5mm connector. Quite frankly, the design of the S8 also looks much nicer with no speaker openings at the front. But I must note that putting your finger over the iPhone's speaker does not completely mute it, so that is obviously possible in some way, while both phones have water resistance. 
Thanks for the heads up. Some days I feel like going to the bathroom every 30 minutes, but I am most used to it being between 1h. I guess I can do "bladder retraining" but at the same time the sensation can get pretty distracting if I wait longer and it might end up messing up with my work. On some rare days or at home the need comes much rare and it's not uncommon to reach 3 hours. All this variety makes it hard for me to know what to expect, though. I guess I won't fear frequency that much on keto. 
Thank you for your input, it's great to hear positive feedback about this issue. I'm hoping someone with similar problems saw an improvement but it's also scary reading about how people have to pee all the time - that might be devastating for me if I can't release it at the same time.
Absolutely, I am the toddler who couldn't sit for 5 minutes and watch a video (that someone made in their free time without asking for anything in return), then had to complain about how long it was and how nobody would return his 4 1/2 minutes. Lmao. Thank **you** for this, project some more please. 
My comment was a reply to "Locked bootloader means you can't root", so technically you didn't say it, but I also didn't write that to you originally.
Go out and make a shorter video. No, wait, better to rant about it for 5 more minutes on reddit.
Then don't watch it. Why do you think I give a shit about what you do with your time? I really don't. Feel free to move on with your life.
Come and make me, little monkey
The guy went through the trouble of showing examples of proper and wrong ways to adjust, and also showed the adjustment in action while still and while on the road.

You are all just impatient little fucks that HAVE to find something to complain about. I bet you wish school was 1 minute per subject a day too. I bet it kind of was for people like you.

Why don't you go out and make the 1 minute video instead of fucking crying on reddit about it? Oh yes, you don't have time for that. You're too special.
Everything you said =/= "cannot be rooted"
God forbid you spent 5 minutes watching a video that teaches you safety which can potentially save lives. My deepest condolences for the loss of your 4 1/2 minutes!!
Indeed, that would have been the best way, design-wise. A shame it didn't happen.

Another thing is that the pressure-sensitive button is really buggy for many people. I know how to use it and usually can do it, but very often it bugs out and "stacks" commands, like sometimes I would just touch it and it would vibrate twice as if I hard-pressed it. Sometimes it would hard-press many times before allowing me to go back as I want to, etc. It seems buggy software-wise. 
Cool it, guys
It should be illegal... how is it not is beyond me.
And yet the S8/+ can be rooted.
As an S8 user, the speaker is definitely a compromise. Otherwise I love the phone, although I fear sometimes it might be failing to deliver calls to me which is the main purpose of a phone. There are some such issues that can worry you sometimes but generally I feel it's still the best choice around.
But the problem is that I need to use the services and I don't want to break them completely. I want control over the drain with native OS tools w/o any extra apps that I need or rooting. 
It's the other way around, sideloading apps leads to LESS security unless you trust each and every app to be completely safe. Absolutely any sideloaded app from 3rd party sources can have any amount of extra code added to it without you having a way to find out. Even apkmirror is not 100% safe and nobody can give you any guarantee. 

Also, sideloading apps will not break the play store connection completely, it is always there unless you fully remove all google code from the OS, which is impossible because Android is built by google. At best, you can isolate individual apps but the whole GPS system is embedded into the phone and your accounts will not be functional without it. 

There are some roms that have made an effort to remove all google things that they could, but of course, they cannot use any of google's services, which I do use and rely upon for work and other things. 


You cannot severe that link completely unless you use an OS that is completely stripped from google accounts in general and each and every app that is related to them. I have no plans of rooting my s8 so that's off the list in general. 
It's definitely not Hypochondria when you have precise stats before you, telling you exactly how well the battery is faring and when you see a drop where there wasn't one yesterday.

When you get absurd drain for no apparent reason you must really don't give a damn about your device to not care. Most of us do not buy flagship Android models in order to not give a damn about how well they perform. 


No idea about Snapdragon. It's probably possible but I could not find a tutorial anywhere.
No. You need the correct adb drivers for S8 and the adb command shell itself, USB debugging enabled on the phone via Dev Settings, then run "adb devices" to see if it detects your device.
https://i.imgur.com/dFLz7iw.jpg

Updated to Google Play Services BETA, disabled the following services on ANY app that has them via disabler:

* AppMeasurementService

* AppMeasurementJobService

* Firebase... anything with Firebase


Must go through each app's services to find these.


Np, enjoy your decent mid-range binning, it's pretty good considering how many people are on the low end :D
These are pretty good, I've got 3/3/6 (big/small cpus and the gpu). The maximum is 15/15/15 but I think an extremely low % of devices have those. That's like winning the lottery to be fair, and I definitely drew a short stick on this one.

The binning refers to the quality of the chips and more precisely how much voltage they need to achieve the same performance. 

I.e. lower binning and higher binning will have the same performance, but lower will use MORE power to achieve the same, higher will use LESS power to achieve the same.


I think that's the expected SoT time if you watch videos for most of the time with reasonable or low brightness, great connection and little to no moving around. 

If you use it outdoors and mostly keep it idle, it'd last 50 hours with about 3-4h of SoT, or something in those lines.

Also, you might have really, really good binning ratings on the chipset. 
Did you restore this setup from a backup? I have experienced the same thing over and over again and it really gets on my nerves. Reported it to Nova and they said they cannot reproduce it.

I'll try reporting it again using this thread as a newer example and hopefully they can start investigating it.

An incredibly troublesome issue if your icons are buried DEEP in some packs, a huge pain to find them over and over again.

On my old device the icons actually got worse and worse after each restart.

Please provide more info on how you did your setup and if you restored from backup at any point.

edit: don't downvote me, PROVIDE MORE INFO INSTEAD YOU SLACKERS
I upgraded to GPS Beta and charged it... look how it is now:

https://drive.google.com/open?id=0Bwg-0GLG0gP9NDJQd2NYSkZ3V0U

This is with both LTE and WiFi activated :D 

Lost about 2% during the whole night.
Good luck with 1 frog helping you in that case... :(
Well **HE** roped *ME* into this!
Good bot!
Bad bot!
BTW After I got the latest update (AQI7), my Google Play services went up through the roof... it's sitting at second place under the screen and has almost 300mah used, about 10 times as much as I would get before after a work day (it used to be at 1-3% at most).

Now I'm considering factory resetting again... Android can be such a fcking pain in the ass sometimes. We shouldn't have to deal with such problems. Battery drain for no good reason. 

I saw that *net_scheduler* was giving me about 2000 wakelocks per 1.3 hours, listed as google services. 

Yeah, iPhones are ahead in that because I haven't heard of them having such absurd drain out of nowhere after each system update. 


That applies for iOS devices who are actually hardware-optimized for the versions they ship with. This is not true for Android and in many cases the next versions CAN be much faster and more efficient if the manufacturer actually invest some effort into them.
How is iOS any different, they should still be on 7.x or 8.x if you are looking for DRASTIC changes, yet they are on 11 now.
I haven't had an Android phone that doesn't last a full day, though. In fact, the ones I've used have had the tendency to last for 2 days, but I just charge them at around 50% and thus get one day out of them without an issue with half a charge, usually. I really gotta struggle to get less than a day and can't remember when that has happened to me. Probably when I was using HTC Magic, but even that phone wasn't bad with the battery.

Something has to be wrong with the device for it go below a day. The "normal usage" prediction for my phone is [about 50 hours](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0Bwg-0GLG0gP9RWM3d21wVmVEN0U). Max battery saving mode with mobile connection is 154 hours. S8+ beats that as well and I suppose it should be able to go to almost 200 hours in max saving mode.
iPhone drain is more stable and predictable but in my experience just as terrible on the smaller models. The Plus models are better, of course, but they cannot beat S8+ by a long shot. You can see active drain tests online for yourself. There is also the Moto Z with expandable battery, etc.

In Android the drain is much more dependent on how you use and configure the device. In the right hands the drain can be pretty stable. And here is what happens when you leave an android device  idle without a SIM card:

https://drive.google.com/open?id=0Bwg-0GLG0gP9OWRMVHp2SkR5T1E
around 5-6 hours with my daily usage if I go down to below 10%, but I usually charge at 50-60% and thus usually get 2.5-3h. 
The only thing I want it be is bug-free, as much as possible. 


Good bot!
Don't be sad, I posted almost the exact thread like you a month ago, only with a complete list of disabled things (https://drive.google.com/open?id=0Bwg-0GLG0gP9Ulg3aGNLWWRxYTQ) and got completely flamed to oblivion. 

I don't really care for that because even then people on the other side were speaking based on what they heard and not what they know.

It's good to test things for yourself, but to "prove" anything you would have to present a ton of information that actually takes time and effort to accumulate.

It's just that as others pointed as well, if you straight-up disable/enable things, the results will not be regular and it will take time for the system to adapt, and it is unclear if the system can even recover after re-enabling everything. 

In my experience, re-enabling some things through BK didn't even work, they seemed to be kind of "broken" in a while after many tests and changes. 

You can also go through your Android device log - export it through ADB or the dev settings.

Finally, use a Battery stat app like GSam or Better Battery Stats to actually see what keeps your device awake.

The real problem is idle drain, not active drain. Active drain should be pretty identical across all users with identical chipset binning. Binning is the rating of efficiency and sadly, many devices have those MUCH lower than others. I am one of the people with ratings closer to 3-6/15. The difference between the lowest and highest rating is said to be about 15-20% in power consumption, which is not small by a long shot. This information is VERY hard to confirm though as you need multiple devices with known binnings and also hundreds of hours of testing. People generally agree that binning does not matter as much as it seems to, but you should take that with a grain of salt.  If you are on Exynos, see this thread for more info: https://forum.xda-developers.com/galaxy-s8/how-to/exynos-chip-binning-t3596434

Idle drain is where the phone loses the most as it *should* be very low, but gets high depending on what the issues are. To investigate idle drain you have to be patient and use the battery stat tools to your advantage. Then, with a package disabler you might be able to make a difference without disabling almost anything other than the obvious bloatware.
Yes, on Exynos unlocked international, but I received the Q7 update and even though it says August on the security patch, I checked for the BlueBorne vulnerability and the test said I am no longer vulnerable. 

Received the update today.
Threads like this are more useless than not, mainly because users don't really have an idea on how to conduct such testing in the first place. 

First of all, SoT in numbers means absolutely nothing. If I let my phone play VLC videos on low brightness I will most likely have a screenshot of 10 hours of SoT. Does that mean that I normally get 10h of SoT? Fuck no. That's ridiculous. It completely depends on how you use the device, which of course nobody bothers to log and explain in full detail, because they don't even have the exact statistics written down properly anywhere. 

Then, of course, we have no specific information provided whatsoever (except that adhell was used).

In order to test this properly you need to do each method after a factory reset and then use the phone for a few days AT LEAST, then check how it behaves once the behavioral patterns are settled. 

I've tested this and the disabler did not provide any battery gains, in one case with hundreds of packages and services disabled.

Currently I use no disabler whatsoever and my prognosis looks like this: https://drive.google.com/open?id=0Bwg-0GLG0gP9RWM3d21wVmVEN0U

Depending on how I use the device I could get 2h of SoT over 3 days or closer to 10h of SoT over half a day.

The "real" way to gain battery beyond what is normally available is to root the device and use custom ROMs that are well-made, with direct control over each package and each service. You'd have to use a pretty damn good kernel and governor as well to control power consumption beyond the standard profile. 

Basically, this is just another thread that is based on no real information.
I can definitely confirm that meditation before bed does indeed increase vividness of dreams (as well as cutting weed completely for the last 3-4 months), as well as recall, but I haven't had much success with actual LDs so far. The problem is, I presume, the frequency of my meditation habit, which is far too wide as I do it once or twice a week. But I'll start changing that to daily as the benefits are far too valuable, not just dream-wise.
UPDATE: After contacting Evolv they decided to send me the part and pretty much saved the day for me and this mod. 

Amazing support! While LostVape didn't even respond, Evolv blew me away with this. 

Thanks to them and anyone who participated with suggestions :)
UPDATE: I contacted Evolv and they decided to just send me the part out of sheer good will. These guys are absolutely amazing! 

Thanks Evolv, and to the guys that had suggestions in the thread. :)
Amoled themes are really great but there is no reason to not use auto-brightness alongside them.
Thanks! I might just do that. Last thing I did was contact Evolv and they asked for my address. I am not sure why, but if they end up sending me the part it would be absolutely great. I've heard really good things about their support and generosity, so it's not out of the question. I gave them the address and asked what they have in mind but didn't get a reply, so we'll see. If nothing happens I'll be sure to contact the user you suggested. Cheers :)
Could have killed that pig in an instant 
A similar thing is going on for me at the moment as well and it's a pain in the ass to find out the exact culprit. What might help is getting Better Battery Stats, or GSam Battery Stats, and giving them BATTERY_STATS permissions through adb command line and a PC connection.

I am using BBS and it shows partial and kernel wakelocks properly. 

Recently, the biggest wakelocks have come from either:

 1) wifi connection - looking for signal (mmc0_detect, wlan_rx_wake) 

2) bbd_wake_lock - something related to Broadcomm Bridge Driver, some russian sites suggest it's related to the sensors but I have no idea why it goes high at random times during IDLE mode 

3)...com.google.android.gms/.measurement.PackageMeasurementService - which is some app trying to measure usage statistics and it doesn't say which app
RIP HB
Well, it turns out what they sell IS cheap, just overpriced.
Thanks for the links, though I am pretty sure it would cost me less to buy a new Therion vs shipping this one to USA. 

"nucular" - this guy is and always has been a complete retard, please avoid his videos. 
Already did but so far I have no response whatsoever. I don't know if that support account is real at all to be fair.
I bought it from FT and they quite literally suggested I should find a "local repair shop" and have it fixed there, saying they will refund me the repair cost afterwards. The other option is to send them the mod back which I haven't done so far and will likely take months. The repair might not even be worth the wait as they might end up sending it back to LostVape, of which I have heard some horror stories involving repairs. 
Has anyone tested this out on the S8/+ ? 
The beauty of this phone originates from its curved edges and how seamlessly they melt into the sides of the phone, as well as how thin it is. A bumper case will inevitably introduce a bezel-like look into the phone, no matter how some people try to sugarcoat that.

I'm in no way saying this rhinoshield frame is bad, I'm just saying it absolutely does take away from the "naked" look and there is no denying that. 

A case that doesn't take away from it is something like Elago Origin, or a d-brand skin. Bigger cases or frames will liquidate the edge beauty or they wouldn't offer any kind of protection in the first place.

I'm not one to judge on who's using what case - I already own 4 and have been using neo hybrid, while waiting for the 5th one - spigen slim armor - to arrive. I'm just saying, nothing compares to the naked look except 0.3mm slim cases that can barely be noticed, or actual sticker skins. 
That makes no sense, OP is talking about how beautiful the phone is without a case and this bumper shield is identical to all bulky cases, only without a back panel. So you even still get the extreme fingerprinting on the back of the phone.

If you go for such a bumper, might as well go for a full-fledged case. If you want to go naked, this bumper ruins that like any other case, only makes it look and feel much weirder.
Wasn't there an actual debate or plan to start branding loot boxes in all games as gambling? Even if it has not technically happened and made illegal for underage games, it SHOULD be, because it IS gambling. 

Piracy is not unethical by a long shot. A huge amount of people pirate a game to see how it works and plays first, as demos are no longer a popular thing (I wonder why, could it be related to the fact that so many of these games end up being shit?), and then buy the game. Heck, that's exactly what I did with Divinity 2 - pirated it, loved it, then bought it from steam on the very next day. 

The same goes for movies where people might pirate a movie, but then see it at the cinema, or buy a digital copy. Same goes for series, where you might pirate a GoT episode to see it on your PC easily, all while having paid for HBO Go and technically have the episode paid for and waiting for you at your TV.

Calling piracy unethical can be reasonable in rare cases but generally people who frown upon it are morons who do not understand how much it has helped the industry and what kind of growth it has brought where otherwise there would have been little to none due to lack of access to content or popularity among users.
This is not nitpicking, but rather a huge difference that should be known to anyone. It's tiring to hear "greedy devs" as if that is the norm in such cases. It's not, it's exactly the publishers that are the greedy fucks who do not give a single crap about the game itself and only think about maximizing profits no matter what the consequences are. 
Where is this setting, btw? 
The embodiment of what some modern bitch kids love to watch all day long.
Sometimes the GSam app bugs out and does not seem to receive the permission for stats properly. 

First time I installed it and gave it permission it worked great. Then I removed it.

Second time I installed it on the very same OS, seemingly I gave it permissions but there was no effect from this in the app, even after phone restarts. I couldn't understand why as the process I went through was exactly the same as before, so I gave up. Something is wrong with the app when you give it permission after a second install for some reason and I could not find a solution to this anywhere. It could also be related to a different reason I am not aware of...

But when the stats permission does work, it's really useful as it gives more details and also information on wakelocks. 
I haven't noticed such an impact, but I don't use the android system and settings theming from it, just 3rd party apps and nav/status bars.
No worries, hope you get to enjoy your phone properly :)
Oh, and some good steps you can take after a reset, after finishing with installing your main apps, is to place all non-active ones in the "always sleeping" category in battery settings, then optimize everything in battery optimization except the apps that should not go to sleep all the time (like messaging, home launcher, important IM apps, etc).

This will help with deep sleep and reduce standby drain. Also turn off wi-fi scanning and don't have location turned on when you don't use it, basic stuff like that. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/GalaxyS8/comments/71imyw/neomancrs_general_battery_and_performance_tuning/

That thread is also quite useful, by /u/neomancr 
It's worth it if you are facing such issues, plus an hour is not that much ;) 

Just be sure to have your phone charged to 100% before you start and give it time to do its thing. 
Good luck :) 

I already did one factory reset after messing up the fluidity of the system with some package disabling, and after the reset I started over (samsung automatically imported my settings though) and avoided using a disabler, just disabled the bloat I could from the app settings, installed my apps and substratum, and everything has been going well - the standby drain is great and the usage drain is what I would expect. I just use a system theme from samsung themes, and overlays for 3rd party apps, nav buttons and status bar from substratum. Rather avoid using system themes from there while samsung offers pretty good official ones. 
Get GSam battery stats, connect with ADB and give it battery_stats permission. You should be able to locate the issue.

If nothing helps, do a factory reset and start over but do not import backups and be wary of what apps you install.

It sounds like you have a serious wakelock problem or something else that got royally bugged. Such drain is absurdly high even if it was under bad networking signal with max brightness for 20 minutes. 
Who exactly claimed substratum is a "huge battery killer"? That makes no sense as substratum installs .apks over apps and does not load anything in the background. The issue is definitely something else.
It's not a trick, it's called customization and our phones are one of the BEST on the market for this, because to get full AMOLED theming on most other brands you need to root the devices. Now that would be more into the tricking zone.

Samsung black themes are also part of "Samsung Themes", an app that is pre-installed on your phone when you buy it... It's like you are invited to do this right when your phone is brand new, lmao.

There are other things you can do as well, like put almost all apps into the "always sleeping" category and optimize all of your apps from the battery optimization settings. But do not optimize or sleep apps that are supposed to stay awake, like your home launcher, or messaging app, or apps you want to receive notifications from.
Yes, bad network signal will definitely drain more battery due to the phone struggling to find better signal. The same goes for bad LTE/Wifi signal, and it's usually caused by the building, or by the fact that you are surrounded by a cluster of people with phones that are connected to the same network as you are. 

If your signal is better at your home you should notice slower standby drain, as I always get longer standby times during weekends. 

Still, there could be other issues such as wakelocks that keep the Android system awake for too long. Also, disabling packages with package disabler can have a bad effect if you disable the wrong things.

Something you can do to extend your life is use amoled black (100% black) theme for the device, as well as Substratum with specific black themes for most of your main apps. Every main app I use is in full black - Google apps, social media apps, etc. 

I use Substratum with Swift Black for 3rd party apps, and Samsung Themes with High Contrast theme (love the orange accent) for the system. Even Play Store is in black. 

This will save battery as full black on our screens = turned off pixels. 
Nah, that's not the case. It's not normal by a long shot, unless you:

- have a bad network signal all day long
- use very high brightness settings all the time
- have apps that constantly do background data transfer 
- many other potential issues with usage or the android system

My S8 usually projects about 80-90 hours of standby with LTE/Wifi on. If you turn off those it will go much higher.

Realistically, with low usage I can go for two days and the battery will be at ~30%. 

With hardcore usage, the screen time of my S8 should reach about 5-7 hours, depending on what I do. If I only watch VLC player videos offline with low brightness (35% or less), it should in theory go for beyond 10 hours of SoT.

With absolutely normal usage, my normal screen time is about 4-5h from 0-100%, but I hardly ever let my device go below 40%, so in reality I get 3h a day with the normal usage and most of that is due to the idle drain and me having bad network reception at my office. During that time I usually use Hangouts a LOT, as it's related to work chats, use Viber and Telegram, browse using Chrome and sometimes play some games while on the WC or during some break. Some days I'd also watch about 30 mins of videos while eating lunch, but that's rare.

edit: my brightness is set on auto-brightness and I've already taught it a bit so that it's always perfect depending on what room I am at home, or at my office. Outside, it's usually at 90 or 100% for short bursts of time.

https://imgur.com/a/Adcg5

Here is the normal case after my waking up, going to work and coming back. Still has 32h left with this rate of usage, and I am at 1h 10m SoT right now. 

It really depends on how you use the device. It's normal to get low SoT over 40 hours if you do not use the device much, and it's normal to get really high SoT if you do some really have usage of watching videos, browsing and so on with low brightness and good network signal, but very short overall time length of the charge, like 10-15 hours in total.

It's also normal to get about 150 hours of standby time if you do not use the device at all.

If you remove the SIM and do not use the phone at all, you will get about 30 DAYS of standby. That's just for statistics. 
a lot*
Place it in never sleeping apps and it might help.
No, it's non-branded and unlocked international model. I had 0 messages for the last two weeks and y-day I restarted my phone and it randomly received a bunch at the same time. I usually restart it every few days, though, so I have no idea wtf is going on and am pretty pissed off about this problem.
So what do you do if no such option exists in the default messaging app?
imbalanced*

https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/imbalance kids these days are so dumb
What a butthurt bitch...
The vast majority of Note 7s did not explode, yet they all got called back and refurbished. Just a reality check.

EDIT: There it is, Apple have confirmed the issue.
We are so fucked up as a generation...

I had about three dreams like this that I can recall right now, where my phone would get COMPLETELY wrecked and I would be able to take pieces away from it like taking away from a leaf of bread.
Yeah, I can report almost the same stutter. It's **definitely** not smooth 60fps. Quite a shame, I hadn't recorded 4K so far and thought this flagship would be capable in that regard but it appears it's not. 
Thanks for sharing some details.

Your experience doesn't meet the "standard" s8 experience that most users report and could be related to various reasons. That is the nature of Android, it allows for more freedom and can be messed up in multiple ways. 

And yes, you could have had a faulty device, which is a potential problem with any brand. 

Stock android will be open to the same problems and if you don't "micromanage" it at least on occasion, it will slow down or start misbehaving in the same ways. There isn't any magical difference between stock android and the rest. It's true that stock is the lightest, but the actual android system is still an android system with every android phone.

I've used my s8 for a month now and I managed to slow it down in the first weeks by using package disablers too aggressively to the point where some sections of the system opened slowly and the bixby button lost all functionality.

I reset the device and it was like brand new, then only disabled things through the app settings and it has been like new until now without any slowdown. Every app opens instantly, or almost instantly, and there is no perceivable lag. 

You say that you need to own an android device as a developer - that might suggest that you usually side-load a lot of apps into the devices and you might have installed something that would cause slowdowns. I really can't say, just throwing the possibility out there. In my work I'm on the other end and test what devs make, often on mobile devices and have found both android and apple to have all kinds of potential issues. It's just that iphones and ipads generally make things WAY harder for me to do my job, but they can become slow in similar ways.

Ultimately, what you should have done or should do, is to install an app like accubattery/gsam stats and track down what is slowing the device, it's as simple as that.

If there is no clear indication then there really might be something wrong with the device itself, but given that you say things could get improved and then got slowed down progressively each time, it sounds like some app/process was the culprit, and that could really happen to ANY kind of android phone, depending on what gets installed on it and how it is tweaked by the user.

There is also a very easy way to get a log out of the device and track the issue - as a developer that shouldn't be a problem for you to do. 

I get your point that you don't want any hassle with such a device, but most s8 users never had such problems and never had the need to track down any problems. 
As I said, completely useless comment without supplying information about the way it was used, how many and what kind of apps were on it, how it was maintained and so on. 

It's like saying "I just bought this Porsche and it sucks, completely regret it" while in reality you didn't know how to drive and take care of the thing.
I know, it's quite intentional. I dislike people who throw dirt without any solid arguments, they aren't just useless, but also hurtful towards the community.
Completely useless comment without sharing details on usage. I'm quite sure that you would have made your pixel and one plus 5 just as slow because you don't know how to keep the system in good condition. 

Going back to the iPhone 7 was probably the best decision for you.
I have the full right to vote good/bad bot. Imguralbumbot is one of the worst there are. Completely useless.
Sure thing. I was on the fence about it as well but grew to love the thing. 
Factory reset should fix it, although this is not a problem I've heard of so far... It's really strange and you might want to retrace your steps and try to avoid it in future. Most of us use launchers and icon packs as well (myself included), but to change the nav button graphically most people actually have to root, or own specific phone models that allow that.

Thankfully, Samsung's Android 7 is one such model that allows for deep theming of the phone, system-wide, which is really great.

To take advantage of that you would first need [Substratum theme engine](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=projekt.substratum&hl=en) and then the [Samsung integration key](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=projekt.sungstratum&hl=en), which is paid but well worth it for some folks.

Once you have both installed in that order, you can make use of overlay packs or theme packs in other words, all controlled through the substratum app. 

A lot of themes provide "[System UI Navigation](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0Bwg-0GLG0gP9Mm95WmZsZHp0Ulk)" overlays, which change the nav keys visually. You can also change the system, status bar, and individual apps. 

The best benefit of this is using AMOLED black themes, which will reduce the screen's power usage by turning off pixels completely. It's a feature of any amoled screen on smartphones and on our S8s it's even better because we can theme so much of the phone without too much hassle. 

Here is an [example of my own nav bar keys](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0Bwg-0GLG0gP9YXFLb2tSdzFrMFk), themed, alongside the status bar as you will see the icons and font there differ from the stock samsung ones (which I find terrible and was glad to be able to change).

A few things to note about substratum:

- You don't have to theme the system - you can use samsung themes for that and apply an official black theme, it will be safer for your system that way
- You have to reboot the phone after applying most overlays over things like the status bar, nav keys, or system. Usually with 3rd party apps you don't have to, but I do it then as well
- When you update an app that you themed over the Play Store, you will have to re-apply the overlay by removing it and re-installing it. If you get an error that means you will have to wait for an overlay update as well, which will appear in the play store too, under the install name of the theme pack you downloaded. Substratum itself also gets updated often

- Whenever you do Android System updates, it's best to uninstall ALL overlays and then re-apply them only after the update is fully complete, otherwise you might risk issues or even bootloops

The way substratum works is that it literally installs these color changes to the system as new .apk files, so there is no side-loading or anything that will slow down the phone. It's like launching any other app. The apps themselves will keep all of the information and everything as you left it even if you apply and remove overlays all the time. Only the colors/themes change.

I've themed a lot of apps like all Google apps, Instagram, VLC player, Discord, Firefox, Nova Launcher settings, and others, and have not ran into any issues other than having to update and re-apply overlays from time to time.

It's just really nice to have almost ALL of your phone in amoled black :)

Edit: rofl at the negative comment rating, someone's feelings got really hurt in this thread
You can use substratum with the samsung plugin and some overlay packs to change navbar keys, just not sure if they actually have the stock samsung s8 ones as an option...

But it's very weird if this change happened on its own, sounds fishy to say the least. The best I can think of is that the key graphic files got messed up in some way and now you have placeholders, or something like that. 
bad bot!
Deep, intimate love? That sounds like the dream sex life, and with a sentient robot too... 
Maybe do your research before you set yourself up for butthurt ranting in the future.
I made the music and cut and edited this video as a tribute to the movie "Your Name."

https://vid.me/Gym6b (video)

https://soundcloud.com/b-fnk/your-name (just audio)
> trickle charge.

Oh crap, good catch, I get it now
Yeah, it's funny as hell but still completely and totally happens when your phone reaches maximum charge and you leave it plugged it. 
"errrrm" - dude, get fckd
The angst! So much teenage anger... feed the lil snake lil guy, it will help.
Must have taken you a while to censor all that, commendable!
You're d*mb. 
You must be a very sad little man in real life. But it's OK, I understand some people have issues. I haven't changed anything, but I'm sure that's how you operate in reddit given that you are the one who suggested this "tactic". 

Again, I'm not your buddy, guy. You are nothing to me but a speck on the screen. Now, given that your useless comments haven't stopped coming, I'll have to RES ignore you to avoid opening my mailbox and being greeted with worthless crap. 

Pro tip: you can see a little "edit" tag next to edited comments. Unfortunately you lack the mental prowess to know and check this for yourself. Once again, you are not prepared to even remotely defend your points. Now, away with you.
First of all, I'm not your buddy, and definitely not angry. I am rather bored by your idiotic remarks, but you do entertain. I like how you said "stopped reading after (my first sentence)", but then continued to reply. That makes you weak, as you don't even follow your own bullshit agenda.

Now, to the point, everything I said is completely true. I said the chemistry hasn't changed much, and then I PRECISELY said this:

> based on inventions from the 70s.

(and not "were commercialized in the 70s", you little child)

Which is again, **completely true**. Now go away, because you really are wasting my time as I take the time to read what people write to me. Yours is just annoying, a guy who came here to argue and not to contribute to the topic with anything useful whatsoever. In other words, a useless guy. So go on then, move on with your arguments, just choose someone else's time to waste.
Yeah, trial and error is basically the best approach we have right now.

BTW I followed that XDA guide for the debloat and did not really receive any benefit. In fact, it even started looking as if Android system is using more power than it used to, before the debloat. I almost copied that list of disabled stuff that was uploaded.

Ultimately I messed up Bixby button so bad, that it no longer did anything, including the re-mapped function... I did a factory reset, disabled stuff I could from the apps menu and did not install a disabler and my idle time is up to 60-70 hours, while screen time is not much different than the usual. Depending on what you do it can go high, or low. The system is not drawing too much power and everything seems fine. Plus, I'm using bixby occasionally. 
I tried what you said and it worked for me, though the first two times it heard "happy new". Third time worked correctly.

https://drive.google.com/open?id=0Bwg-0GLG0gP9T0dCZEJFbktLd0E

I am doing it as fast as I can after pressing the button and can't sense a functional delay
> Now Bixby voice doesn't begin listening for about 1.5 to 2 seconds after you press and hold it like a standard android key. That delay was added so that with I by cards disabled nothing would happen at all when it's quick pressed whereas before something always happened no matter how quick the press was.

BTW, I tried this and you are right, but not completely - the bubble does not appear immediately, but the button starts listening immediately. I press and hold the button and instantly start talking, then everything I have said is recorded in the command bubble. So no issue for the button-activation, at least for me.

On voice activation, I'm gonna trust you - I don't plan on using that function anytime soon so if it bothers you just report it to samsung and maybe it can get some attention. 
1973 Adam Heller Proposes the lithium thionyl chloride battery, still used in implanted medical devices and in defense systems where greater than a 20-year shelf life, high energy density, or extreme operating temperatures are encountered.

1985  Akira Yoshino assembled a prototype cell using carbonaceous material into which lithium ions could be inserted as one electrode, and lithium cobalt oxide (LiCoO 2)
, which is stable in air, as the other. By using materials without metallic lithium, safety was dramatically improved. LiCoO
2 enabled industrial-scale production and represents the birth of the current lithium-ion battery.

Lithium chemistry was invented in the 70s, modern li-ion batteries were invented in the 80s.

I don't care what you read, don't waste my time.
I'll link this article as it has the most useful information you will find in this thread, then summarize it a bit below:

http://batteryuniversity.com/learn/article/how_to_prolong_lithium_based_batteries

This applies for all Li-Ion batteries and is how they generally operate in all devices. While there are differences in chemistry, there are underlying rules that will always apply, and some of them are:

- Life of these cells is measured in cycles and roughly speaking, 1 full cycle is a discharge from 0-100%, although these numbers are never exact and there is not a completely precise estimation of what a cycle is for every battery.

- The cycle life of most such cells is usually rated between 300-500 cycles. Technically speaking, if you drain your phone to about 1% and charge it to 100% daily, the battery should be quite exhausted after 300-500 days and would have lost about 30% of its original capacity potential, although modern smartphone batteries are designed to last longer with multiple minor improvements across the board. Li-ion tech is 40-50 years old but continues to evolve even today.

- The voltage of these batteries goes usually up to 4.2 volts, but there are smartphones that use li-po batteries which go up to 4.4 volts. 

- In some cases, a manufacturer might advertise the phone with a battery capacity of 3000mAh, while in reality it goes a bit higher than that. Then they would limit the capacity recharge so that you never actually charge it fully to 100%. This will also extend battery life as it keeps the upper limit in the recommended zone is probably a thing that Samsung did with the S8 models. (You will also find XDA topics that discuss a root mod, allowing to "charge the phone to 100%", suggesting that such limit exists in these phones and there is a way to remove the limitation) Such a limitation will also help with preventing overheating, something I am sure Samsung are quite wary of, after what happened with Note 7 (although that problem was related to the shape of the battery and not overheating; the battery could become punctured and short-circuit).

So, let's say that your battery has 600 cycles left in it. If you discharge to 0% and charge to 100% every time, that's 600 cycles. If you discharge to 60%, you'd have 3,000 cycles. If you discharge to 90%, you'd have 15,000 cycles. 

Of course, it makes no sense to use only 10% of your battery at a time, but there is always a fine balance. I would say 40-50% and upwards is still good enough to really prolong battery life.

For example, if you actually manage to drain your S8 almost fully by the end of the day, a good thing to do is to bring your charger with you at work/school/wherever you go, and charge it to ~80-90% when you reach ~50%. Li-Ion batteries have absolutely no problem with being charged at random times, for random amounts of time, as long as you do not complete a full cycle at a single time.

It's also true, as others have said here, that if you plan to use the phone for 1-2 years you should not worry about it so much. The capacity loss should not be substantial in that time.

So, if you want the best of your battery you can find the guides in the linked article above. If you don't plan to use the phone for more than a couple of years, you can avoid worrying about it. 


Oh crap, is that with the voice activation only? I don't use that at all and maybe that's why I didn't notice it... But if the update introduced that maybe you should report it to samsung as a bug and hopefully they can get it fixed.
For a 50% improvement there was definitely something wrong with your Android system, which wasn't in line with the ordinary performance. 
How exactly did it make harder for those who use it?

 I use it and I haven't felt a single issue with the button since the last update.

Rofl, battery chemistry is ancient and has barely changed since the 1970s. 

And yeah, I definitely understand more about Li-Ion batteries than you, given the comment you wrote. Anyone who has a basic idea of these batteries can speculate pretty accurately what manufacturers do to extend life. There is no hidden science, no hidden magic (which is what I presume you think??).

The improvements that companies like samsung do to the chemistry are very minor and not a single ground-breaking battery technology has been implemented into smartphones so far. They are all using batteries, based on inventions from the 70s. 

Sorry to break your little bubble, but you don't have to be a battery engineer and designer to understand this. You don't need to be a university professor to know that ALL of these cells suffer stress when discharged to a very low voltage, when charged to 100% and when they heat up too much.

So, who would have known that limiting max charge to 10% below the full capacity and charging your phone from 50% upwards will reduce stress and heat? Gosh, I wish there was an engineer around here to explain shit to me. Oh, wait, no I don't, I can google all of this for myself. 
It should keep charging indefinitely after the 100% charge, and that's called "t**r**ickle charging".
I think the capacity calculator is full of shit and just estimates based on statistics that do not apply for EVERY phone, but in specific conditions.

For example, I'm pretty sure the S8 battery has a bit more than 3000mAh and has a software-based charging cut-off to about 90% of the actual capacity. There would be no other realistic way to guarantee that you will lose only 5% capacity over 2 years, as they advertise. And it's a good strategy as the last 10% of charge are very stressful for the cell. 

Charging upwards from 50% will also increase battery life by decreasing the frequency of cycles.

If you manage to go through the day with about 40-50% left, then you should have a pretty decent rate of capacity loss. I usually am able to achieve that with 2.5-3h of SoT by the end of the day, given that I do not use the device like crazy. 

I'm not 100% sure about the capacity cut-off, but there were also some threads in XDA about a "100% charge unlock mod" with root, which suggests there is such a limitation and some people already made a mod to get past it.
good bot!

bad bot!
Not even that new, has been around for a while now. :)
I agree, at best there is no noticeable difference, at worst you will run into issues.

Not only that but I noticed the BK disabler often trying to run "su" in the device log, which seemed fishy to me. 

[Idle life in normal mode with Wi-FI is also not bad at all...
](https://imgur.com/a/qTDNV)    
I guess it's understandable if these people are deeply flawed in their own perception of themselves and figure out they should embellish their personas in any way possible to look good, etc. 
Bitch's got issues...
Not if it can be saved for almost free or a single percent of that sum in another country. Then it's just robbery and abuse, how is that hard to see for you is beyond me.

It's like offering a glass of water to someone, who is dying from dehydration in a desert for 1 million dollars. Is that how you view the healthcare system in the US? That's simply fucked as hell. 
> and take a couple of seconds before I can click the away!

That suggests another story, different from "hands free", but sure, have a nice day as well and be careful when you ride in traffic.
* http://www.businessinsider.com/best-healthcare-systems-in-the-world-2012-6/#36-costa-rica-1

* https://www.theguardian.com/society/2016/feb/09/which-country-has-worlds-best-healthcare-system-this-is-the-nhs

* https://medicalxpress.com/news/2017-05-countries-healthcare.html

* http://edition.cnn.com/2017/03/17/health/health-care-global-uk-national-health-system-eprise/index.html

* http://uk.businessinsider.com/healthiest-countries-in-the-world-2017-1/#16-canada-canadas-1984-health-act-entrenches-in-law-the-countrys-system-of-free-at-the-point-of-access-healthcare-known-as-medicare-canadas-system-is-not-perfect-however-and-in-recent-years-the-number-of-canadians-going-south-for-private-care-in-the-usa-has-grown-1

* https://www.numbeo.com/health-care/rankings_by_country.jsp

Yeah, sorry, but I'm gonna have to give you a "no".

I can't find a single article or study that ranks the US #1, anywhere. In fact, it's rated around the 30th spots in most sources I found. Maybe it has high survival rates for cancer patients. That does NOT make it the best healtcare system in the world, judging that is much more complex than just the single factor you pointed out. 

What happens if you are extremely poor and have cancer in USA? You suck the D. 


If you are saying that healthcare should be a right and completely free (except taxes), then I fully agree. The same should go for education, yet we have people that still have student debt on their heads (myself included).
The way I understand it you are suggesting the price is so high because it's best healthcare in the world. Have you got any proof to back that claim up in some way? 

It sounds just as plausible as the reason you also have the most expensive internet is because it's the best in the world, which is of course, completely untrue. 
I guess that goes for your internet as well? Would you say that I should only pay ~20$ a month for an optical fiber 10 MB/sec connection with a digital TV package only if I wish to not get the best internet in the world?
Thanks for the source!
Don't use your f* cking phone while in traffic, for f*ck's sake. You complain as if there were no ads it would be safe to do that? What's wrong with people these days?
Yeah, sure, I'm buying tickets to the USA tomorrow and coming to fix your problems. 
I guess that sounds plausible, but where did you hear about it from? Any legitimate source? 

For sure, though, chances of getting a PC version for the RDR2 are much higher, knowing how it went down for GTAV.
That's the right attitude. Such a shame that Rockstar refuse to make these series for the PC. As if the pc release of GTAV wasn't a huge success. 
Thanks for that link, I'll give it a read.

To be fair, I never used to be such a pessimist and always used to have firm belief in humanity... It's just the last few years that have kind of been a downer and perhaps it's related to the mass media and its ability to spread darkness and distress like the plague. We just get bombarded with negativity. In my own country, the corruption is also widespread, despite the affordable heathcare. We often pay doctors under the table for their care, but the amounts we pay are puny, like (in usd) 150$ here, or 200$ there, etc. 

The police is the most corrupted and they constantly simulate activity by going after young weed smokers and covering it all up like they did something good, while murderers get bailed out without any problem and endless real cases of crime remain unsolved forever. The government is constantly taking away and not giving anything back. This particular nation has just depressed me a bit and the optimism I used to have is borderline gone. 

Of course, we should never give up, but when I see how angry most people are at everything here, them becoming united sounds  close to impossible, realistically. If you gather enough fresh people behind a good cause it might be possible, but what if nobody is really fresh except for those in their student years? Protests have done nothing around here, for example...

Civil war is the closest I can come up with as a solution but it will turn full circle after a while and new corrupted officials will come to power. 

Look at Venezuela, or Turkey, it seems one dictator-like person can turn years of progress behind or completely wipe them out. That's just insane. 
Damn... Do you think there is any particular reason for her behavior, or was she really just acting like this with most everyone? 

Good story, though, I like happy endings, although you might want to get a lawyer at some point and sue her if she continues to try to ruin you like this even beyond being fired.
You don't think this system was designed with corruption in mind? Isn't it funny how easily corruptible it is? Nobody takes any responsibility at the end, and only the people suffer. That sounds like a corrupt system to me, though I'm not trying to start some political argument about capitalism.

I think corruption is an inherent trait to anyone who gets power-drunk and not many people can resist it due to their nature. It's a problem of humanity and almost all systems look kind of fucked to me, overall. There is a desperate need of radical change towards the better but I just don't see it happening with so many huge and powerful obstacles along the way. 
I don't think these people need ANY kind of excuse. At this point we are talking about the core essence of this problem - corruption. Nothing new under the tree. 

My whole point is the opposite - that they can't use any excuse to justify this to the public realistically, because the only agenda is to keep people sick and keep them spending all of their money on healthcare at certain points in their lives. 

This is not just a problem of the US but the prices I see there are really... out of this world.
I don't mean that you support the motive, but just that it's not actually an excuse, more like an agenda. When will you hear any healthcare minister say "the reason for these prices is that we want profits"? They wouldn't use that an excuse (although I might be wrong, after all Trump is president, and everything, no matter how stupid, is possible).
That's not an excuse, just the end result. In the same way you could say "the excuse is taking care of your health". In no way does that justify artificial inflation of prices, or the malicious intent to profit from the illnesses and desperation of a nation. 
Oh yeah, if we make up arguments then there are infinite arguments, I agree. 
"Highest standard in USA" bla bla bla, not really. In my country the costs are not anywhere near that high and we still get pretty good healthcare. 

Example: my father had bowel cancer and got successfully treated and cured. The amounts of money spent were in the 10ths of thousands at the end, not even remotely close to a million, or even hundreds of thousands. Ethan's mother didn't even have to go through chemotherapy.

Also, your comment stinks of shit, maybe use arguments that actually counter what was said, rather than just post to sound like a cunt, at which you succeeded. 
Plot twist: you don't now own the helicopter after paying for that
Close to 1 million dollars... that's absolutely insane, the whole health"care" system in the US is atrocious. There is just no argument that could excuse such pricing for medical work. In some much poorer countries you get taken care of for about 1-5% of that amount at worst. 
You shouldn't make presumptions like that, it makes you look quite stupid. You don't know anything about strangers you talk to on reddit, keep that in mind. You are projecting your own issues onto others, it seems. 

Considering what you have written, I'd say **you** are the one who lost too much time or money, given you hate for the game. 

I had actual fun and that's why I played it. Not only that, but I explained that when it got boring for me I stopped playing. I haven't lost any amount of money in the game because I was actually good enough to win more games than I lose and to collect a considerable collection of legendaries and decks by just playing. 

The fact that someone else could spend 1000$ and get a huge amount of cards never bothered me, because I could STILL beat such people with a single well-made deck that was doing good in the then-current meta. 

Again, you do not understand what p2w is and you sound butthurt af. 

The only thing I can agree on is that Android itself is swamped by endless piles of shitty p2w games, but I would never place Blizzard in that category and would never expect any of their games to be constructed in such a way. Hence, my original reply to your original comment. 
Again, you DO NOT understand what p2w means. Let me try to explain it, although it will most likely be a futile attempt.

P2W means that you cannot progress or obtain certain items or portions of a game without having to pay real life money for it, or without being locked behind a close-to-impossible to overcome paywall in order to continue your progress. 

In HS you can obtain every card with gold, and every expansion section with gold as well. All you have to do is collect your gold. That's exactly what I did when I was active in HS, before it became boring for me and I stopped playing. I conserved my gold and was able to purchase the expansions as they come. Never had to pay for them, unless I really wanted to. Whether you understand what p2w means, or not, doesn't change its definition.
Yes, you were talking about Blizzard because if they are making this particular game and you say "another p2w crap that will attract millions", you are obviously referring to them. Otherwise, if you thought Blizz does not make such titles, you wouldn't have written that comment. 

If you can obtain all the content with only playing, then the game IS NOT p2w, a notion that obviously you cannot understand. 
That reviewer is obnoxious...
None of the Blizzard games are p2w... apparently you do not understand what the term "p2w" means. Hearthstone is the closest you can get and even that game does not require you to play, except for expansions. Last time I checked expansions could also be purchased with in-game currency. 
Especially considering O&C series are WoW/gw2 rip-offs. If gameloft, a company that solely rips-off other titles to make their own profit, can make it, then Blizzard can sure as hell completely take over the mobile MMO market and even introduce a subscription fee if they wanted to. If the game is good enough, people will pay and play it, as long as it's not a greedy cash cow as 99% of free Android games are.
Impossible, you simply can't get that UI to function in the same way on mobile as it does on PC. Even the classic WoW, which had the least amount of spells for each class, would not be able to fit on a mobile screen AND make it easy for the user to play and be competitive or even averagely able. 

A complete re-make would be required and I think the best chance would be to somehow mix the graphical/physical engine and mechanics of Heroes of the storm into an open world with questing, dungeons, raids, char creation and customization, etc. And that is still a ton of work, but would probably work at the end of the day and become the biggest mobile MMO that ever existed. 
I would absolutely pay a substantial initial price or a small initial price and a monthly sub if Blizzard make a true mobile MMO, addictive as the WoW series have been over the last decade. If the game is good, among a f*cking OCEAN of truly crappy, pay2win piles of feces, I wouldn't even think about it and instantly buy it.

That's the one thing mobile gaming still hasn't got. Actually good MMOs with actual depth, progression and addictive gameplay, who do not scream "THIS WAS MADE ONLY TO TAKE YOUR CASH" from miles away. 

Really, I'm tired of seeing posts about new mmos coming to android, only to find out they are the same cash-grabbing robbery with poor gameplay and poor amounts of effort put into them. Even if I did get hooked on any of those, I would be inside a community of spoiled kids taught that game progression is based on your daddy's wallet. Disgusting... 
you lil shit
Hell, it's about time
thx
> RuneScape 

But it's not out for Android yet, right? It definitely looks interesting... I keep looking for a mobile game that's worth a time investment and can keep you playing for longer and this could have potential. 

When will it be out?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aj2U11FYv3U
She has the support of all her fans, though
Turn off voice activation... You can also control the volume of bixby's voice or turn it off completely.
No regrets and no guilt. 
Shiiiiiiiied... That's why I only give my S8 to other people in very specific and controlled conditions. 

RIP buddy :(
Generally, the best method is to go with the official charger that comes for your device and not swap with ones from other brands. It will work, but sticking with the stock one is the ideal scenario. 
What are you talking about? I have never bought/used/installed this protector. Just giving you a slight tip towards understanding that physics exist, something you obviously didn't understand when you wrote:

> Don't think a screen protector can crack without any impact

Sorry, but facts are not up for debate. It doesn't remotely matter if you agree with how physics work, or not. Install this protector with the glue being uneven in some places and WHAT do you reckon will happen? Magic? No, the glass will be bent and it will shatter. Who would have known? Not you, apparently. 
If you are willing to switch home launchers, Nova Prime has the ability to pull an icon for any setting or activity that it can find on your phone and even link it to a gesture (like swipe up from the homescreen to open settings). 
Of course it can when it has rounded edges. Just one tiny misplacement of the glass, or displacement of the glue when installing it, will create an imbalance and surely make it crack when a tiny force of pressure is applied to it, like your pants and leg squeezing it. 

That's exactly what happens in each and every case of a "self-cracked" whitedome protector. That, or the protectors themselves are slightly imperfect and create this imbalance no matter how precisely you install them.
A flat screen would break in the same way if it hits uneven, rocky surfaces with its face when it lands. Ain't nothing gonna protect you from that, likely not even a glass protector if your luck is bad enough.
Excellent shows aren't meant for everyone. Some people just have shitty taste and can't really understand what makes a show good, while others haven't reached the point where they can appreciate more serious content. My bet is that you are way too young to get what this show is about. Not even trying to sound condescending, it's just a little obvious. You have poor grammar and write/think like a teenager, and everything so far in the first four episodes has flown past your head. Also, your statement about the Matrix is hilarious, given that the Matrix rips off Plato's Allegory of the Cave, the Bible and a shitload of other works. 
It's kind of like asking "does it matter what PC I get at this point"? 

Yes, it matters and it completely depends on your needs. Do you need to have high-end specs? Then get a high-end phone. If not, get a lower-range phone, etc. 
Yeah, you are **definitely** talking about another case.

The Neo Hybrid is [flexible](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/617QtUWNzlL._SL1000_.jpg), with two-part body of which one is TPU and the other is hard PC to cover the edges. It has protrusion for the display and "air cushions" in each angle.

It's not so slippery at all due to the rubberized back which also had a texture to it. Among other cases I own, this is one a mid-slip level at worst.
First of all, because there is no point in doing that for them. They already have what is required to produce tech and they buy whatever they can't make from others, who can (like from Samsung).

Secondly, Samsung beat apple in Q1 2017 market share by 10%. 

Thirdly, even this year, Google's Android dominates markets with a WHOPPING 87% worldwide vs Apple's 12%.

I guess you are wondering why doesn't apple buy Google? Well, why don't you ask them yourselves? I'm sure it's an idea that never came up in their upper management so far.

And forth and final, the answer to these questions is: because they can't. 

edit: Oh, and I forgot: antitrust laws. They can't do it legally. 
I see. In that case you can open FB from a browser, share from there and then you will have the "Documents" setting, which will in turn allow you to select photos from anywhere and all apps that have photos, including storage.

Sadly, the completely shitty Facebook site is made in such a way that it will hardly ever allow you to open messages through the browser. It constantly enforces the f*cking Messenger app onto you in a much more brutal way. For example, I just logged from Chrome on my S8 and simply could NOT reach messages and that's that. It shows the ad for Messenger, then I press the "x" button and it shows a blank page under the bottom FB navbar. 

That's all done on purpose and I find it much more shittier than the Samsung case, where nothing is really that much enforced, not to mention you can delete everything with ADB commands, or disable it with a package disabler. Actually, I'm not sure what will happen in this case if you disable/delete the gallery app and tried to share something with a FB app. Maybe someone who tried that can share their experience.
What exactly are you trying to achieve that you can't? 

> if I want to add a photo I MUST use the Samsung gallery app
> 

Explain what that means, please. Add a photo? Add it where? In the gallery? You can still browse ALL of your images and photos in any other gallery app like Google Photos. You can still use 3rd party camera apps like Open Camera.

So what it is that you are complaining about is beyond me... Please enlighten me. 
Well who would have known, they are a business and do whatever is most cost-effective.

While fanboys fight over apple vs samsung, these two companies trade and create stuff for each other, sue each other and make profits.

So yeah, fighting over brands is definitely important, just not AT ALL important to those making and selling them to you.
That's just plain wrong. You can do everything you said you couldn't. I'm on my S8 and I definitely can. What you should be saying is that you *don't know how* to do it, rather than spreading misinformation.

You can install a completely stock ROM on the device if that's your fetish, with not a single trace of any samsung app. As for a different OS on an iPhone, that's quite a different story. Some would say... it's not possible.
He didn't express himself properly. What he meant to say is that Apple gives you the *control* they would presume is respectable for a 5 year old.

Edit: lol at the fanboy downvotes. Can't handle the truth, as any other fanboy, really.
And yet they still buy DRAM and screens from Samsung. How come they don't out-engineer those parts as well? 

The simple truth is that it's all business. It doesn't even remotely matter which phone has the fastest w/e, Apple and Samsung are on the top and just want to sell you phones. And that, they do.

*Sent from my S8.*

I was more about referencing the "little protection" comment and the fact that you seemingly rated neo hybrid last in its own category, placing even the clear spigen case ahead of it... Not sure what you base these ratings on, maybe just on the looks? And that is, of course, completely subjective. The hybrid offers more than enough protection and has nothing to do with thin cases.
Feels like it's completely intentional, they knew what they were doing and wanted all that **anus attention** from the viewer.
That makes little sense, construction wise there seems to be little to no difference between the Neo Hybrid and the Otterbox you linked. How could you rate the Otterbox as best and say the NH has "little protection" and is "as good as a thin case"? I own the hybrid and Elago Origin. The elago case is *actually* a thin case and it truly offers no protection, while both cases being miles apart in construction and buffer size.
Wait, it costs 20$ on purchase and then 5$ a month? That's ridiculous. I have ublock on my PC for absolutely free.
Another user pointed out Spigen Crystal case, it seems to be transparent and flexible with the spigen quality, so might be worth checking. 
Fingerprint scanner for the win, can unlock it from the pocket as you take the device out.
But the cool part is that it learns if you correct 2-3 times for the same thing. That's why it can be made to work pretty flawlessly with your own voice if you teach it.

For example, last night I asked it about the weather tomorrow in my town and it mistook it for a person's name. I did that 3 times and the 4th time it started hearing the city name instead. That's pretty cool, otherwise you are stuck with the person's name if it couldn't learn in such a way.
Gotcha - I'm not trying to make it sound as if Bixby is perfect either. I, personally, use it through the button holding functionality and don't really use my voice to activate it, though I've considered trying it out.

Something about having the device listen for sound at all times feels uncanny to me... And maybe Bx's voice activation isn't that good either - I can't really say as I have not tried that part myself.

Just wanted to point out that so far the system control seems to be a good thing for me and I'll probably be coming up with new quick commands in the future as I like them quite a lot.

But, objectively speaking, it takes a bit of time for the device to go through all of these commands. I understand your point in terms of wanting to have everything execute in the background.

If Samsung implement such a functionality and speed everything up - that would be great, but I feel like it's too early for that. If they just make it work and execute commands faster I would be thankful, to say the least. 
To be fair any case "takes away" and clear cases actually seem to take away more than some others, but this is highly subjective, of course. 

I enjoyed using the official samsung clear case as it was low-profile and didn't completely cover the sides.

Now I'm using the Neo Hybrid and believe the back side looks multiple times better, but mainly it's the added protection that I like. Clear cases will usually be made of hard plastic and I don't believe that can protect as well as something with flexibility. 


Could be, could be, but the general idea of /r/iamverysmart is based mainly on such examples of people who seem to be trying to present themselves as... well, as too smart for the rest. Usually by posting such comments on social media. 
I think the whole difference is that many of us would feel that way, but not so many would post it on social media with the claim that they are "too witty for that situation". Nah dude, your ego is too butthurt and in desperate need of attention is more like it.
But explain to me how is that different if you are already on the google assistant screen? You do realize that's still an app, right?

I can control bixby from any point of the OS, without the bixby app being opened. 

So, your case with GA is like this:

1. Open GA.
2. Command Wi-Fi Off and it's turned off 
3. Potentially "Leave GA app" as well if you want to do something else after.

My case with bixby is:

1. Command Bixby directly from bixby button "Wi-Fi Off".
2. Bixby opens settings and turns it off, then RETURNS to homescreen on its own.

Technically, I am 1 step ahead of you like this, no?
Exactly, not only GA isn't capable of anything bixby can do with system-wide settings, but Bixby is also growing contextual capabilities WITHIN some apps that lets you control third party apps like you can control the Android OS. 

This guy above has no idea what he is saying, or is just confused. GA basically does the exact same thing when it opens apps, only it has completely incapable of doing anything other than opening them. Actually, that's not completely true because GA can control your "notification shade" stuff, like actually turn off and on wifi and bluetooth, that's the best it can do.

It can set reminders, do searches, set alarms, answer questions, etc - all things that bixby can do as well, only bixby can dig deeper. 

I'm not a fan of any assistant but I'm starting to like bx more and more. 

edit: ridiculous typos
I don't get what you are saying. So if I say "Open Drive" and it opens Google Drive, you hate that it has to open the Drive app? That makes no sense whatsoever. GA can do the same thing with 3rd party apps. It can open any 3rd party if you command it and of course, it will have to open that app so that it, you know, appears on your screen.

But google CANNOT control system-wide settings like directly turning wifi on on demand, it cannot do jack shit when it comes to the deep device settings, all of which are accessible to bixby. (EDIT: small correction, it can actually control a few settings from notification shade on top, like wifi and bluetooth. I guess that's the one and only thing it can do with settings - control a small number of things from the notification shade - wifi, BT, airplane, brightness)

I have never heard of Google Assistant being capable of turning off any setting with any voice commands, you are either talking about something else not related to commands, or you are straight-up lying.  What you wrote actually doesn't make any sense at all. "Turn off messaging". So you mean, turn off your sim card? It makes zero sense to say "turn off your messaging". 
I support that idea as well!
I find zero use for Google Assistant. I get that some people are annoyed by the Bixby button but how exactly is Google Assistant better in any useful way is beyond me. 

Bx is actually very useful and now I find myself controlling the system and settings with that button more often than not. 
Actually I'm extremely happy with Fleksy so nothing of value was lost to me. Except the square boarders of Google Keyboard. RIP that beauty, now it looks like shit.
Not gonna use this glorious keyboard until they bring back the square boarders. The change to the rounded one was atrocious and completely unneeded. Who asked for that?? 

#bringbackthesquare
Not for now... that was my first complaint as well but I got used to it.

And quite frankly, I now think it's easier to swipe right and prefer it that way, heh.
https://www.xda-developers.com/uninstall-carrier-oem-bloatware-without-root-access/

Yeah, using the pm uninstall -k --user 0 ... command it can do it, but Android could always do that. It's just that most devices disabled this with Android 7, some even before that. Samsung devices have some loophole that still allows them to do it.

Same goes for disabling - that's why disablers are pretty much for Samsung. Previously, in Android 6, you could use Debloater on any devices but that changed in Nougat. I used it on android 6 with my sony z5c, but once I upgraded to 7.0 it stopped working and the developer couldn't work around it last I checked.

As for the workarounds, I can't really say... I guess it's because the app has to execute some adb commands and that can't be done without admin privileges, but why PDP was pulled and is changed now, I don't know. Might research this a bit more tomorrow.

Really, we should all be able to remove absolutely anything we want, we paid shitloads for these devices and are owed complete control, but that's not how Google sees things. 
It's risky to say the least and has been like so for a while... BK Disabler also required a secondary app called "BK Plugin" and it's the same thing. That's the current workaround for disablers but they are not the only types of apps that do this (for example you can give admin rights to Nova as well). The difference is that BK is still on the play store, though, so maybe something else is going on with PDP. PDP has been around for quite a long time, though, so I'd be surprised if there is truly a malicious intent behind it. Regardless, everyone should weigh in this risk for themselves before using it.

I didn't install BK this time around and don't plan on doing it in the future. It's still possible to debloat with ADB commands on current samsung models, so a disabler is not needed if a person knows how to use adb commands through the PC. Actually, adb can uninstall the packages completely with no option to enable them unless you do a reset.

After that factory reset I have no complaints so far and don't feel a need to disable anything other than some stuff through the app settings.
I doubt this feature is locked to Exynos phones only, or at least I haven't heard of anyone with SD complaining about it. Try swiping right exactly when the vibration comes in, almost simultaneously with it. If nothing happens at all it could be that your devices is bugged like that.

edit: though generally, I've seen some threads about the 3d button being very inconsistent or not working at all.
Ok that's a good sign, so it supposedly works then and you should just keep trying... It's not the easiest thing but it's possible :P 

Maybe try to learn the home press first as that was at least the first thing I learned to use and am still not perfect with it. I learned about the back/recents swipes later on.
Is it not working at all, like no vibration and no effect whatsoever? Or you are just having trouble getting the timing? 
Technically it'd be phtwo
I don't mind the graphics at all and liked them, nothing wrong with old-school. But the way characters sound and move is just CHEAP. Cheap =/= old school. 

No way I would pay a monthly sub for a "non-pay2win" game that plays and sounds like shit. 

We've already seen games that are miles ahead in design.

Take Wayward souls / Mage Gauntlet for example. Just compare them to this and you will know what I mean. 

Imagine if Wayward souls graphics and mechanics were put into an MMOrpg variant. That... I would sub to immediately.
My god the sounds in this game, and the walking speed/animations... Attacking is an infite "whaa, whaa, whaa, whaa, whaa, whaa". Who thought this would be a good idea...? >_<

If the game wasn't such a generic cash grab and actually had better mechanics I'd be willing to pay a monthly fee. But with our phones today, I'd expect Vanilla Wow Quality, not this. 

Actually, it's about time Blizzard made the right choice and ported Vanilla for mobile (or realistically, made a somewhat simplified, very similar game to the original wow for mobile, as porting it straight away won't work well at all). Everyone wanted the legacy realms and this would actually open them up to a whole new genre in the market, after releasing Hearthstone for it.
Sigh, these childish styles are just terrible. I wish someone would make a serious mobile MMO anytime soon. 

I'm on European version with Exynos. It should work regardless, though.

Search "Navi" in settings and enter Navigation Bar Options. At the bottom you will see a "Home Button Sensitivity" bar. Put it on the leftmost side, for max. sensitivity. 

[Here is a video](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0Bwg-0GLG0gP9Wm90V0pRYUhuaFU) I made of roughly showing the speed at which I am doing it after pressing on the home button zone, but it's really hard to show like this as you can't even hear the vibration. 

Throughout the video I am using the "back" feature, and at the very end I use it with a press and release to get to the home screen.

It took me a while to get used to it because it works in a very strange way. It's timing-based because that's the only realistic way it can perform 3 functions (left, centre, right). So, once you press on that zone and feel the vibration, you need to wait a few milliseconds before releasing it to get to home screen. If you want to go back, AS SOON as you feel a vibration you have to swipe right and release, w/o waiting. 

After using it for two weeks, I still make mistakes and fail to do the home screen press properly from time to time, or swipe and bring the nav bar, or just press something accidentally when I do the home press... Once I was in instagram and pressed the "add photo" button as soon as I did the home screen press, and it had opened the camera in the background - drained my battery 20% in 20 mins, or so, and phone was hot. Instagram is really badly written in some regards, lol, it will keep using your camera even in the background while in recent apps. Learned that the hard way, haha.
You need to get the timing right. It's tricky but it works well once you get used to it.
Tell bixby "turn off fast charging", fastest way
Yeah that's exactly how it works, a well-timed tap on the sensor unlocks it directly. My sensor seems to work very well even with smudges on it and I generally only have issues when I position the finger in a weird way, which rarely happens the more I use it.

Adding a fingerprint shouldn't be hard as long as you leave your finger on for a couple of seconds each time you want to register it. If that doesn't work well it might be best to return it.
Yeah those are fair points, though going bottom to top, I try to aim for about 10mAh of system use per hour with moderate usage of Android OS drain, and now it's been so since I finished the reset and re-build yesterday. Today, it's been 2h 50m off the charger with 27mAh system drain, which is excellent and I've already used bixby a little bit and watched a bit of youtube. But really, I haven't put the device to real use as today and weekend I will barely use it, so it will mostly be idle drain.

As for Wifi Direct, I did have that disabled in some moments and it didn't break settings, but it could have very well slowed down the opening of settings.

No plans on rotting the S8 btw, that's exactly why I bought it. I wanted to have package disabling capabilities (limited almost only to samsung devices since Android 7) and a phone that actually behaves very well without the need to root it. Now I'm gonna let the system do its thing and see how it goes, because honestly, I am too tired of tweaking over the years. The true unix-based system should behave as stable as on day one if optimized well and perhaps the new galaxies are best left to do that on their own for the most part.

I like setting up Linux distros on my old tiny-screen laptop and I like how they keep behaving the same no matter how much I use them and that's what I want in a phone as well. The only way to mess up a stable linux is to introduce new packages into it or mess with the settings, which is not hard to do tbh.

And yes, I am seeing what you're talking about, so far there is no noticeable system lag or any significant battery drain that cannot be explained.

Otherwise I agree that it could be possible to create a safe way of disabling things by studying their effects one-by-one and observing logs, etc, but honestly, this is work that should be paid for, lol. I already have a job haha.

I'll keep you updated and tell you how things are and SoT time after a few days, man. I also used the thread you made as a general guideline not to forget something when I reset the phone.

Actually, I almost forgot to ask you - have you tried "smart network switch" from the WiFi settings? On your screenshots you have that disabled and I was pondering if it has any real effect. I might start using it at work where I go between floors and wifi is lost sometimes but I wonder if it's well-made. In any case, I'll probably test it for myself but just wondered if you tried it out and had any thoughts.
hahaha, that's the best site ever
Know that you should uninstall all system overlays before doing a SYSTEM update on the device, if one appears. Otherwise you could get into a bootloop. I don't think this applies for other, non-systep apps like google apps, etc. Just make sure to disable the system overlays when updating Android OS. 
Hm, alright, in that case you can try wiping internal storage cache as well and rebooting.

Overall, I don't think Bixby is perfect yet, it's far from it. I've also gotten some issues out of nowhere, but at least no random activation, or at least I haven't noticed it. 

There are definitely some bugs with it and I hope they continue to update it and make it better, more stable and more dependable. 
Daymn, he lost some weight
If you used a package disabler to enable/disable bixby services many times in a row, this can happen. 

In my case, eventually Bixby stopped working completely and the button went dead. Single, double, long press - no difference, even when I had re-activated everything.

Now I did a factory reset and will see how it behaves with no interference. BTW I don't use voice activation and don't plan on using it, just holding the button is what I do when I command it.
Oh and btw thanks for that quick command list! 

Two things I would ask you are:

1. How do you use Airplane commands? When airplane mode is turned on, my bixby voice doesn't even launch. So there is no way I could say "turn airplane off" if it's on, literally now way for me to do that. I tried it again after the reset and it's the same. The voice simply doesn't launch.

2. Another quick command I saw somewhere else was about going to system and clearing app cache, but when I tried this with bixby it wouldn't do anything and when it let me pick from the command list - there was no such command to be found... That guy either lied about his commands or am I missing some of them, somehow.

Thanks for the long response. Yeah, I basically agree on all points, including the standby (I get about 3% drain with wifi and 3g on overnight now, which is actually not so bad. With airplane mode it will be back to 1%, I'm sure).

In fact, while setting up my fresh android last night I sensed a lower "active" drain as opposed to when I was tweaking my phone before. So, it could be that you are trading standby drain for active drain in some cases and I'd rather have less active drain.

About Sam/Gapps - I do actually use some of them. Exactly Contacts, Messages and Gallery. No reason to change these. The Calendar - I tried, but my high contrast theme doesn't change the Calendar completely and I really like the Amber accent so I don't want to switch to other dark themes. Black and orange was always my favorite combo. So, I use Google Calendar with an amoled overlay, and I'm just really used to to this app anyhow after using it for work over 2 years now. Another app I wanted to use is Samsung Internet, but I just can't start over and switch away from Chrome. It has everything backed up for me and all I need to do is install it, then it instantly syncs my account with history and all. I would use Samsung internet but there is no option to transfer accounts from Chrome, and I'm also not very eager to spread my personal information over TOO many apps when it's not really required for me to do it.

This time I haven't disabled anything I cannot disable from the system settings. I'll give this clean method a go and it might turn out to be better. There's another thing that I noticed, as I also tend to check logs and find out what's happening:

*09-20 23:02:13.635 12655 12655 W System.err: java.io.IOException: Cannot run program "su": error=13, Permission denied* 

I noticed my package disabler was trying to gain superuser each time I was using it for no good reason. It's, after all, advertised as no root required. Could be something else, but it just semeed fishy to me and I won't be installing the BK Disabler at all this time mainly due to this conscern and the fact that disabling and enabling seems to leave a trace in the system performance. And what would exactly happen if I DID have root?

Full error:
    
    09-20 23:02:13.635 12655 12655 W System.err: java.io.IOException: Cannot run program "su": error=13, Permission denied
    09-20 23:02:13.636 12655 12655 W System.err: 	at java.lang.ProcessBuilder.start(ProcessBuilder.java:983)
    09-20 23:02:13.636 12655 12655 W System.err: 	at java.lang.Runtime.exec(Runtime.java:691)
    09-20 23:02:13.636 12655 12655 W System.err: 	at java.lang.Runtime.exec(Runtime.java:524)
    09-20 23:02:13.636 12655 12655 W System.err: 	at java.lang.Runtime.exec(Runtime.java:421)
    09-20 23:02:13.636 12655 12655 W System.err: 	at com.b.a.b.b.<init>(SourceFile:144)
    09-20 23:02:13.636 12655 12655 W System.err: 	at com.b.a.b.b.a(SourceFile:848)
    09-20 23:02:13.636 12655 12655 W System.err: 	at com.b.a.b.b.a(SourceFile:834)
    09-20 23:02:13.636 12655 12655 W System.err: 	at com.b.a.b.b.h(SourceFile:826)
    09-20 23:02:13.636 12655 12655 W System.err: 	at com.b.a.a.a(SourceFile:372)
    09-20 23:02:13.636 12655 12655 W System.err: 	at com.b.b.a.a(SourceFile:616)
    09-20 23:02:13.636 12655 12655 W System.err: 	at com.mobizsystems.mdm.activity.StartupActivity.onCreate(SourceFile:170)
    09-20 23:02:13.636 12655 12655 W System.err: 	at android.app.Activity.performCreate(Activity.java:6955)
    09-20 23:02:13.636 12655 12655 W System.err: 	at android.app.Instrumentation.callActivityOnCreate(Instrumentation.java:1126)
    09-20 23:02:13.636 12655 12655 W System.err: 	at android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivity(ActivityThread.java:2927)
    09-20 23:02:13.636 12655 12655 W System.err: 	at android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivity(ActivityThread.java:3045)
    09-20 23:02:13.636 12655 12655 W System.err: 	at android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap14(ActivityThread.java)
    09-20 23:02:13.636 12655 12655 W System.err: 	at android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage(ActivityThread.java:1642)
    09-20 23:02:13.636 12655 12655 W System.err: 	at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage(Handler.java:102)
    09-20 23:02:13.636 12655 12655 W System.err: 	at android.os.Looper.loop(Looper.java:154)
    09-20 23:02:13.636 12655 12655 W System.err: 	at android.app.ActivityThread.main(ActivityThread.java:6776)
    09-20 23:02:13.636 12655 12655 W System.err: 	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
    09-20 23:02:13.636 12655 12655 W System.err: 	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(ZygoteInit.java:1520)
    09-20 23:02:13.636 12655 12655 W System.err: 	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1410)
    09-20 23:02:13.636 12655 12655 W System.err: Caused by: java.io.IOException: error=13, Permission denied
    09-20 23:02:13.636 12655 12655 W System.err: 	at java.lang.UNIXProcess.forkAndExec(Native Method)
    09-20 23:02:13.636 12655 12655 W System.err: 	at java.lang.UNIXProcess.<init>(UNIXProcess.java:133)
    09-20 23:02:13.636 12655 12655 W System.err: 	at java.lang.ProcessImpl.start(ProcessImpl.java:128)
    09-20 23:02:13.637 12655 12655 W System.err: 	at java.lang.ProcessBuilder.start(ProcessBuilder.java:964)
    09-20 23:02:13.637 12655 12655 W System.err: 	... 22 more

Moving on, I did actually notice a slowdown and it was when I opened my Battery Stats at first, and sometimes when I opened general settings. I have Nova Prime gestures set to "open battery usage" directly when I swipe up the home screen from the middle. It started taking almost 2 seconds to load every time I close the battery app from recents, but there wasn't any system lag. Now, after the factory reset, most of the times it takes up to 1 second to load, or instant in some cases. Not sure what determines this speed, but I could reduce it back to 1 system on the previous OS variant as well by re-enabling some packages, just couldn't figure out which one exactly caused it and did not feel like going back and forth again. If you leave the battery options in recents it will, of course, open up instantly with absolutely no delay. 

So, I'd say that if someone plans to use a package disabler, they should probably disable things once and for all, and not disable/enable many times in a row as I did when testing things out. Also, do not delete BX actions and re-install it later on with the bixby services disabled, because this left my Bixby button absolutely dysfunctional and there wasn't even a way to re-map it. I guess some people dream of this, but I found it unsettling and I actually enjoy Bixby and am close to level 9. I'm just a battery/performance freak, but your proof was solid and I'll give the clean method + bixby a new try.

BTW, the Substratum overlays are basically generated .apk files that replace parts of the UI, so it doesn't really load anything when you open up changed apps, it just loads the new .apk and it's no different than opening any other app. There isn't something loaded when you launch them, or anything like that which could slow you down, at least I haven't noticed any slowdowns. Perhaps this could occur if you install a system-wide overlay, which I prefer not to do. Samsung themes are good enough and cover MANY system apps already. Even my alarm is themed, and ALL settings are themed as well, properly.

Another thing I do is always sit on the max resolution and use 460dp minimum width with some additional text size options (3rd option for text size, no zoom). It feels like an even spacier screen like this and allows for more content to be displayed in web pages and the system itself.


Thanks for the info. In fact, I was JUST looking at that very case earlier today wondering if I want to buy it. Yet, actually, I decided to go back to my Neo Hybrid case and started enjoying it again. It's really good protection and it is not as bad, honestly. I realized I have a better grip with it after using all 4 cases I own for a while, individually. 

BTW, today I tried re-enabling Bixby and realized I completely destroyed it - it was impossible to re-enable it. I think I did it by mixing up some of the steps for BX actions after un- and re-installing it a few times. I'm gonna try using Bixby occasionally just for some system control, nothing too much and that's why I wanted a start-over. Being unable to turn it on was definitely a result of my multiple tweaks going back and forth.

The phone was just too messy and I went for a full factory reset. This time I'm going to try the S8 experience without installing a disabler at all - just using the App settings from the system.

The only bigger modification I am doing is using Substratum overlays for some apps, the status bar and the nav bars, just to have that AMOLED + AOSP feel/experience throughout as many places in the system as possible. The system itself is using a native samsung theme (high contrast). What do you think about that, do you use overlays for individual apps? I really love having GApps, Instagram and a few others in amoled mode.

Battery drain will become apparent in the next few days, so I'll report again in a while. With my "disabled" setup I think the approximate SoT I could get with normal usage was 5-6h SoT. If I reach 7h SoT with the same usage now I will be really surprised.




Building up brown adipose tissue, which will provide increased level of natural cold resistance. You shouldn't straight-up do it, though. 

The easiest way to do it is through wim hof breathing method just before you enter the shower, which I've tested and  it actually makes it much easier to handle to cold.
We do have tiles: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.lx.launcher8&hl=en

Android for the win
Love the splash screen! I think the only way to improve it is to add an amoled black background option :)
Oh no there is no way I would get mad over some else's work, I know what it's like to put effort into stuff you post online and get flamed, etc. I'll go through your new thread a bit later on but it looks good. 

Technically speaking, it's much better for newer users to not fiddle with disablers rather than start disabling packages left and right.

I'm still checking my idle drain with internet on and it's going good, the prediction is 20 hours in, 20 hours left with the normal usage, screen is on top with 10%, device idle second and android system 3rd with 5%. Google services is sitting at a sexy 1% at the bottom.  

Tomorrow I might check out how it handles a lot of gaming hours. 

Really, the biggest issue I've had so far with this phone is that I refuse to use my fat cases and keep going back to Elago slim fit, which is almost like a skin with zero protection. If I drop this phone I'll die inside instantly, I know it. But I can't bring myself to use Neo Hybrid because it takes so much away from its beauty. Q_Q 1st world problems
Thanks man, I appreciate it and keep up the good work in the community :)
Yeah I definitely see your point and I generally agree to it. In the same way, though, I wanna test things out for myself and see where it takes me.

It takes a while to see a difference that can be trusted, that's a fact with Android. It's a lot of trial and error and it has always been like that for me with my previous phones. Maybe S8 is different but to be fair in less than a month I've seen the same stuff happen on it, EXCEPT the play services drain. If I see that again I'm gonna get maaaad. But so far - so good. Play services tend to stay at the very bottom no matter what I do with the phone and I'm glad for that.

Android System is another story and I'll see how it goes in the next weeks.
That's why I'm not encouraging anyone to disable stuff, but simply am sharing my experiences. 

I made the original comment to say that straight-up going 100% against disablers could also be wrong. It depends on how people use them.
Well, first of all the Android system in S7, afaik, is different and I never owned one. I've got a friend who has it, though, and is getting similar results (3-4h sot) and has no complaints. 

I wouldn't trust AccuBattery ratings for that, though, it just makes some calculations and gives estimations, should not be taken for face value. AccuBattery has predicted 80h of standby for me and 8h of SoT in some days, worse in others. And as you can see Gsam predicts 11h of SoT for me today based on my previous usage.

Overall, real-life results vary too much for many people and I'm just trying to get better results for my personal case. In time I'll probably do the reset and try out a fully stock experience for a few days to see how it goes. 
Yeah but to be fair some people write threads with extremely bad battery life WITHOUT any disablers used at all. So, correlation does not always imply causation. 
Those are fair points and I'm not arguing against them. This is why I'll be testing for a few more days with only specific packages disabled. 

If things go really well there would be no reason to be afraid of the disabled stuff. If not, I'll factory reset and start over. I'll factory reset when the next update comes up anyways.
No, why shoot a video? As I said, there is nothing wrong with my phone so I offered to shoot a video to prove that.

In my case disabled services do not appear in that list at all, though.
Remind me in 4-5 days and I will report my system usage. There could be no difference, I'm not betting everything that there will be. Currently, there is, but this might change.

I dislike this ever-changing nature of Android performance and after many years of using it since Android 2, I think it's time for us to have a lot more control. Not a fan of "self-optimization" if it takes days to kick in, and if it changes at random times. I want to see more stats and to have more control, that's it.

On my previous Z5C, people were struggling to get 2-3h of SoT. Rooted people with custom kernels, kernel governors and ROMs could squeeze out 9-10h of SoT solely because in such a way they could gain full control and reduce CPU usage, remove or neuter all wakelocks and have the phone actually enter deep sleep immediately after turning off the screen. 

Everyone expects different things from their phones. I, personally, don't require notifications to reach me at the exact moments they are sent, so I would be OK with having a completely asleep phone until I turn on the screen, when it can collect and send background data at once or at rare intervals. 

Android is currently supposed to do that on its own, but if it truly did it - we'd be getting 5 days of normal usage, trust me. 

On my Z1 with KitKat - 5 days of moderate usage with STAMINA on.

Same phone on Android 5.0.2 - 2-3 days of usage, change was noticeable right after the upgrade. 

Same phone with Android 5.1.1 - 1-2 days of usage.

Things have been getting worse, not better. To expect a couple of days with the S8 is nothing great. For a phone with such a battery I'd like to see 5 days with light usage and 1-2 days with really heavy usage. 

The only reason we are getting such poor life is the extreme amount of telemetrics and background communication modern Androids have. KitKat with Sony STAMINA was probably the last time there was decency in the battery life compartment, and that was a flagship phone (xperia z1) that could and still can run any decent game and do anything you want it to with snappy speed.
You are right. Bixby is not a background service. It's about **60** background services, and I'm not exaggerating:

https://drive.google.com/open?id=0Bwg-0GLG0gP9bFpOTUVQLW9tRXc

It is if my phone is absolutely nowhere near "comatose". That's what I don't get... People telling me to "buy a 3310" - that's simply retarded.

Ask me what to record and we will compare and determine exactly what makes my phone comatose. My guess is - absolutely nothing.

I already tried Bixby and did not see a good use for it in my daily usage. Does that make my phone useless? I don't see that, sorry...

The rest is stuff I have replaced with other apps I've already used for years (like gapps vs samsung apps) and I still use everything else. These comments are just stupid and serve no purpose. I even use Galaxy apps and stuff like Soundcamp to make music.

If I ever saw that famous system lag, I'll be sure to record it and warn people with some proof.

Until then, if you want proof that it's lightning fast just make a list and I will record with my other phone, showing you exactly how slow or fast the phone is. 
Let me give you an example of how android looks with no internet connectivity.

https://imgur.com/a/uvj6Z

This is over 8 days, with 4 days projected left, lol.

Can you see the Android drain? This is what "real" idle drain should be like if Android was REALLY optimized with the background communication.

This same phone from the pictures would give me 2 days of normal usage and as time passed it went down to 1 day of normal usage with me charging it like the samsung, at about 40-50% left when I go to sleep.

It's all in the crazy background communication and that's what I want to control and reduce if I can. 
I can't say, this is why I am experimenting. The Android system includes almost everything from the system side and it will display these items below it if you select it, even if they are disabled, with no additional stats.

From Gsam, you can look at "samsung dex home" - this is actually a mistake in the app and actually represents Android System.

Currently, it shows up to 9 wakelocks and the ones I see happen for 0.1-0.2(s) for example. Nothing drastic, which suggests there aren't any glitches or loops keeping the device awake and that's what I'm trying to catch, if it happens.

Yesterday I was very heavy on the bixby usage and the System was almost as high as the screen percentage. Even if optimization shuts it down on its own, you should still conserve a significant portion of battery by not using it. 

Note that Bixby voice will not even function if you have no internet connectivity. Try speaking to it with no net and see what happens. It communicates like crazy in the background and that's to be expected. People telling me they see no drain from Bixby seem wrong to me. I just prefer having it completely disabled if I can.

The other stuff like Samsung Health, Word, Excel, bla bla and bla, I haven't noticed any issues due to that.
With the way you use it, that battery life is completely normal to me. Basically, a ton of youtube and browsing. 

As I said, I can give you about 12h of SoT with just the VLC player and watching movies. I watched an hour last night and got 7% drain. This is on maximal resolution, watching a 2GB mkv 720p Blueray rip video. So that would make my battery life twice as good as yours in that case?

I also use two google accounts and constantly use hangouts and switch between wi-fi and 4g at my work, due to having my work account on my phone. If I didn't do that, the phone would last me two days with normal usage if I use it till 20% or a bit less, but I like to charge my phone at 40-50% so I charge every night, usually with 35-40% remaining after active days. 

Again, I'll continue my testing and report my results if I see a significant difference. The best I can say now is that for me, having Bixby off definitely makes a huge difference. Also, the Bixby Drain is located in 'Android System'. You will never see a "bixby" item in the general list. And, of course, your android system is number 2 in that list.
I trust you that some devices have experienced huge system lag due to disabling certain packages, but at the same time I haven't experienced that myself... I just tried again and everything is impressively smooth. Everything opens up almost instantly, when it wasn't loaded in ram previously, except some video games that have always taken a while to load on the phone anyways.

The video example you showed me - I have never experienced such lag on the phone so far... That seems extreme. But if I do, I will let you know and explain where and how it happened.
And btw, my disabled list is much bigger than yours, but it's honestly 95% pre-loaded stuff that I will never use, like weather, some samsung apps (some of their apps I do use, others I don't), and services which are almost all related to Bixby and cloud stuff. 

Yeah, I do agree that optimization kicks in but at the same time I don't see a reason to have almost everything enabled - a lot of these things just use up cached RAM and do seem to communicate in the background.

I think the biggest change is having bixby completely off with all related to it, including the photo stuff. I have not noticed any slowdown when taking pictures, for example, so I am not worried about any kind of glitch with say, bixby vision and vision cloud disabled. 

Another thing I might be testing out soon is having device maintenance completely off. 

I feel like this tool is great for people who just want to buy a phone and use it as it is, but I have never been such a person in my life. I'd buy an iPhone if I wanted that so much. 

See, a 3000mah battery with NO internet/network communication should last about 30 days in full standby. I've tested this with phones with no sim cards and no wifi. They sit turned on and last for about 15 days with no battery saving, and with battery saving they last for 30 days easily. I can provide proof if needed.

The background communication of services is tremendous and a complete battery destroyer. Some of these services I want to completely silence, if possible.
I think battery drain is related to a lot more than what packages are disabled, or not. 

1st of all, everyone uses the phone differently. 2nd, everyone has different quality of their network, wifi and 3/4g signal - a HUGE-ass factor. 3rdly, some people do find use for the pre-installed stuff, others do not. 

I'm not saying people SHOULD be disabling stuff. I'm saying that I, personally, so far have not seen any "holes" or drawbacks due to having stuff disabled. 

More time will be needed for me to tell a bigger story. So far I am just testing things out and I do plan to do a complete factory reset soon and start testing again with absolutely no disabling, then compare with my current stats and come up with a final decision.

But telling people who disable off just because you read something is not going to help (this is not aimed at you, but a bunch of other people I see writing around in such threads - your contributions are very good and substantial). I'm testing things for myself and seeing where it takes me.

EDIT: Btw, clearing cache TOO often WILL increase android system drain, not reduce it. Caching is done for a reason. It should be done occasionally but not too often.
The best I can say is that there is no difference in battery gain, BUT with everything enabled you might get additional drain from the additional services like Bixby and the 50 or so other related to it. 

My drain is 1% per night as well and has been like so with airplane mode no matter what I do with the disabler.
During the last 13-14 hours, it has been down to 2% (64mah), with screen time for this period at 6% (1h10m 178mah).

I'm still not sure what "holes" you are referring to. Can you be more specific? 

And quite frankly, I gave bixby a good chance and used it for a few days but gained little to nothing out of it (I can control my system on my own but I see that if you want to control the phone while driving - Bixby is priceless), so I turned it off. I think services and communication related to it was a big culprit in battery life. I think bixby-related services activate themselves even when you open a photo in the gallery and I am not sure how is that of any help to me, so I disabled the vision cloud as well, for example.
That's when I started having battery issues, after using it a few days in a row "normally". The phone was pretty good at the very start but the "normal" Android system seems to get worse with time for me. 

Right now my projected SoT is [11h 10m](https://i.imgur.com/3enK4M7.png). (And the general projected idle time is about 70-80h with the disabled stuff... Not sure how it worsens anything)




I actually went out and tried this "method" of not disabling any system packages and almost nothing other than pre-installed apps I wouldn't use.

Android system usage went up like crazy, second to the screen with only a few % behind. This is with Bixby enabled as well. I would get significant drain by just having the screen turned on and browsing some IMs or settings around the phone. I've never experienced such drain on my previous Android devices unless something was wrong with them.

I'd get 2-3h SoT with 20% remaining, somewhere around that.

With a lot of system packages (and bixby) disabled, my drain is much more stable and android system is back much lower in the list of items. GSam battery monitor does not appear to catch any kind of wakelocks from the android system. And I'm projecting about 6h of SoT with the S8. Technically, if I am to just watch VLC videos with about 35% brigtness, I'd get about 12h of SoT. (Knox is still enabled btw)

I appreciate all the information you are writing in this sub, but really don't know why some of you guys keep raving about how bad package disablers are. They really AREN'T that bad. Only bad if used without caution. Stock android experience is not something that slows down the phone or makes it go crazy, that's just plain wrong. It's the other way around. With everything enabled the phone will drain a lot more than with a ton of things disabled that simply run in the background at all times otherwise. 

Users just have to be careful what exactly they disable and make sure to fully disable a chain of services related to things they don't plan to use.

I feel like talking how package disablers should be avoided like the plague is simple misinformation. They should be avoided by users who have no idea what they are doing, maybe, but those who know very well what exactly they will or won't be using should definitely try them out.
Dream as well. Man, my version (EU) didn't receive a single software update... but it was a cool phone, until the ball tracker stopped working, of course. Regardless, I continued using it for a while after that.
Good bot!!
No, it's not an ignorant statement at all. My people have also been enslaved for 500 years, so I guess that makes me privileged? That's all just a pile of shit. What happened in the past is in the past. If you keep bringing it into the now - that's exactly how you keep prolonging it, but such way of thinking is far too advanced for some people. 
suck mah dickh
THIS IS NOT ABOUT COLOR. THIS IS ABOUT OUTRAGE
I'm calling Ethan
VTC6 is the current best high-amp 18650 battery on the market. If that site is legitimate, you are better off with the VTC6, as they will potentially will be produced closer to today than the 30Qs.

If you ordered already - don't worry, as the 30Q is also not a bad battery, but it's closer to 15A rating in reality, while fully usable at 20A, but will lose capacity a bit faster at that rate.

I own two 30Qs and six VTC6, and the Samsungs really seemed to lose capacity a bit quicker when I used them closer to 20A. Now until there is a VTC7 some day, I'm sticking to the VTC6 all the way. Excellent cells and my first couple is still performing very well :) 
Basically, if you are Ethan's friend, depending on your subscriber count he will either join you in saying "n*ggerf*ggot" aloud a few times on his podcast, explaining how nice of a ring it has to it, or condemn you for saying "n*gger" accidentally during a random stream and explain how bad it is for an hour.
He ranted about this for 40 minutes. If he didn't think he was a racist, he would talk about it once and not go round, and round, and round for ages, explaining how disappointed he is and how easy it is for PDP to use this word, given that Ethan has said it himself alongside iDubbbz like it was absolutely nothing (and it is nothing, I'd like to think, but it's good to keep one opinion rather than jump between the two as it pleases you if you will be ranting in front of millions of people). You can't dance around this opinion deciding it's totally fine to use it once and then nagging on your other friend for an hour in your podcast, explaining what a bad move it was. Where was Ethan's highly moral ranting towards iDubbbz?? That's correct - nowhere. In fact, it had a "nice ring to it" back then. Now it seems to have a "bad rating if I defend this" ring, I guess, but ironically, the internet is not made just out of morons and many people are not blind to this hypocrisy. 

It's ridiculous and anyone defending him on this one is basically wearing their pink fanboy glasses. I don't care if PDP used this word as long as I know he has no ill intentions (which is obvious) and it was a stupid podcast to watch. The like/dislike ratio speaks for itself as there was never such a disliked h3 video until this one came out. Be a complete hypocrite and get more downvotes than upovotes, who would have known. 

PS. I've been a huge h3h3 fan for years now, but I can't just ignore that this was a dick move on Ethan's side. And that "call a black guy" segment was just... moronic. At least call a smarter black guy who can understand that words should not hold such huge power and that racism continues to exist exactly because people won't let it go by choice. I'm not talking about the Texas rednecks and generally stupid people, but even those who should know better and not get outraged at the first thing they get a chance to. It's just idiotic drama with no value, no worth to it. Anyone should be able to express themselves freely without extreme consequences and today you can get called out by half the globe for using a certain word, or straight-up get sentenced and murdered for the same thing if you are at the wrong side of the globe. 
Play around with shutter speed and ISO
Rofl. Google and a toggle. That's a good joke. How can they compete with Apple if they let us have so much control over the UI??
Nah, Ethan was a dick in this case. "Comfortable using that word".

So fucking what? That doesn't make him a racist, but it definitely makes Ethan a dick to PDP in this case for no good reason other than looking for some higher moral ground during a "scandal", a scandal which is ridiculous and completely outrage-culture-fueled. 
Big if true 
These outraged people are ridiculous. We throw the "nigga" word around here like candy and nobody gives a crap because it's not the words you choose to use that determine who you are and what your views are. 

It's basic common sense that words should NOT hold extreme power. That black guy Ethan interviewed was so full of shit that it hurt my brain. The fact that anyone wants to get offended will not be changed by your word choice. Use whatever words you want to use. Those who get easily offended by people who don't actually mean bad and have no ill intentions should go to hell. 

Edgy? Yeah. Reasonable? Yeah. 
a lot*
Thanks for the reply! Might as well try Swipe then :)
Hey, thanks for this huge update. I've been a Friendly user and I was wondering if Swipe has full AMOLED support in the theming options?
It was enlightening to see how much of a "grown up" person you are, though, I had a lot of fun laughing at your miserable posts. 
Dude why even buy an S8 if you're gonna root it and customize it? Get a 3310 and save yourself a few hundred bucks.
But not Notifications themselves. They are still white :[
Unfortunately I can't find any specifics on the matter... Perhaps the SD835 have much less variation in quality on the S8 models, I can't say. But I've seen people with SD835 units that complain about bad battery life. The issue is so vague that it can't be determined just by reading internet comments and would probably require a bunch of devices to test in completely identical conditions to get a light understanding of the differences. 

I'm not complaining about my case, I've gotten some days with 6hrs of SoT with pretty heavy usage and others with 3-4 hours, etc. I'd probably get 10 hours with no automatic brightness and a lot of reading/browsing reddit, but that's not what I usually do with the device anyhow. It always gets me through the day with anywhere between 30-50% remaining and I am not compromising with my usage. Auto-brightness has been on since I bought the device and that alone drains a lot as it goes to the max often and is usually at 50-60% in normal lighting conditions. 

It's nothing we should really be worried about, to be honest, just a few facts about the production and that there ARE some differences for the Exynos models. I can't speak for SD835, though, but in some comparisons the Exynos seems better. In fact, most articles claim that the Exynos provides about 10% more battery life than the SD835. What binning was used on the Exynos in these tests is unknown to me.

example: https://www.phonearena.com/news/Galaxy-S8-battery-life-test-Snapdragon-vs-Exynos-edition-a-familiar-tale_id93175
No, every processor can be qualified in such a way. It basically signifies the quality of the specific production process it went through. All chips are then rated and there is a margin, which is considered usable. Some people just draw the short end of the stick (like in my case).

SD chips are no exception but it's harder to read the binning on them. I, personally, have no idea how to do that.
I think in that case it's possible to achieve 9-10hrs of SoT. It's really dependent on your usage and that's very hard to summarize as usage can vary day-to-day.

Another thing I've learned is chip binning. It turns out my S8 unit has a very crappy binning rating on the chips. 

You can check more about this here: https://forum.xda-developers.com/galaxy-s8/how-to/exynos-chip-binning-t3596434

BTW, to leave this Download Mode, you have to hold Vol Down and Power button for a few seconds. My score was 3 / 6 / 3, which is pretty much on the lower end. Higher binning score pretty much leads to better power consumption efficiency, as the better chips run at lower voltage. I was pretty bummed out to find out about this, but the differences are not extremely dramatic. AFAIK the difference between a rating of 1 and 15 can be a gap of 20%. That's actually significant, but I can't really give precise details as these things are ridiculously hard to test properly. 

I've debloated quite a lot of services with BK disabler and also installed AccuBattery to gain more statistics of my discharge cycles. 

Overall, it sucks that there are such gaps in quality of the exact same device model, and that none of this is explained anywhere unless you dig into technical forums like XDA or androtech.
If you use the phone fully at full brightness, max resolution and many apps with background connectivity it would be more realistic to expect about 3h of SoT. 

At lowest brightness and watching some vids/reading some books or casual browsing and only wi-fi you might expect 10h, yeah, but that's a rare case for me. I usually do all kinds of things during the day, including using the camera and some video games and usually end up with about 3h SoT.

Edit: https://imgur.com/a/yjsfM As you can see, the app list is almost the same at the top, but this is the case with 4G, max brightness, 4 IMs used throughout the day, some browsing, camera usage and other apps used. 
Wrong subreddit. 
I wouldn't bother with it to be fair... All you need to know is the payroll is one of the weakest in the industry and the general philosophy is to push out games ASAP and make as much money as possible from "whales" (single individuals that spend OBSCENE amounts of money on IAP purchases). I quit a while a go and never looked back. I had a lot of fun with my team but all of us knew the upper management is full of dicks and people who aren't really loving gamers at all, more like bland businessmen. The QA and dev teams often included actual gamers and people who cared, but most anything above them was just shit and these guys and girls, ultimately, are abused for their passion. So, most people just go through it to get some basic experience and then move on to real companies that actually do give a crap about their employees. 
Thanks for the answer, it makes sense and I guessed that much over the years (though I never used this thing when I was testing on iPhones, they never had SIM cards and it wasn't really needed for our needs). But it shouldn't be that hard to switch over only due to a single messaging app. I like the native-ness of it, that's for sure, but I didn't really feel my IM clients are draining much battery. 

For example, I am using Skype, Viber, Telegram and Hangouts on my phone, with two accounts for Hangouts. The drain of these is usually either not listed, or in the 1-2% range. Sometimes Google Play services go higher for unexplained reasons, but usually that also stays pretty low in the list, at maybe 1-6% throughout the day. They all check if msgs are delivered and so on, so I wouldn't say it's that much of a big deal, especially considering iPhone users  also have it bad with battery life in general - in some cases much worse than some Android phones. 
I'm that same person and I said she "might" be a bitch, not that she is. I don't know her, lol, was just making a point that it's ridiculous to paint a perfect picture of someone you don't know, even if they look nice in costumes and a ton of make-up.
Yeah, I guessed that much but I thought there is really something very special about it. The only other thing I could think of was the native integration of the app with the iOS, but honestly, a client like the stock Telegram is something I would definitely recommend to everyone, including iPhone users. :P
Well, it might be worth a try, but it will take a while to adapt. The beauty of Android is that you can customize it well beyond what any Apple phone has ever offered. You can really make it "your own", so to speak. The S8 adds to that by having their own app for Themes/Wallpapers, and the Themes can really re-color everything pretty dramatically. There is also another app available for Android that allows you to change the UI even further, including the navigational buttons.

The S8 also has a "hidden" pressure sensitive area on the screen, which can be used to trigger the nav buttons while they are hidden. I've grown addicted to this feature and use my phone in complete fullscreen any chance I get. I like the heptic feedback from this pressure-sensitive zone and that you can adjust sensitivity for it as well.

The Edge panel feature is also something I've grown to love from the get-go. I love that you can re-size the Edge panel itself that you swipe from, re-position it up/down, or change if it sits on the left/right sides of the screen. You can also make it fully visible, or invisible - it has a transparency slider. There are also a bunch of Edge Panel modules that you can download or have already when you get the device. Really, this feature alone allows for supreme control of the device with a single swipe. This is my First Samsung phone and I know that I'll probably miss these features if I ever changed brands in the future, so it's pretty likely that I'll go for an S9/S10 in the future, when the S8 gets old. 

I love almost everything about the phone, save for some minor inconveniences, of which almost all can be remedied with extra software, without the need to root or taking any unnecessary risks.

The speed of the device is great, having a WQHD+ resolution is awesome and does not seem to slow down anything for me, or drain more battery (unless I really commit to playing games). There is the occasional micro-stutter every now and then, but I don't notice it and it's pretty much expected of any Android device. Overall, I'd say the S8 is really fluid and feels like premium device, not less than a new iPhone. To me, it definitely seems like a clear choice between this or an iPhone X, but I've been with Android for ages. Regardless, my two jobs from the last 3 years have always included testing on Apple devices, of which the first one was pretty much dedicated to them. I've went through everything from the 3G to the 6 and 7, including the iPods and iPads, and can surely say that I would never be happy with the blandness of the experience, as you described it yourself. There is just something about having a completely limited OS that decides many things for you that puts me off and will probably put me off forever. The same goes for MacOS vs Linux/Windows, in my view. I've also worked on Macs for work and it usually straight-up drives me crazy. 

With Android you can choose a lot for yourself, and if you really desire absolute control you can risk it and root your device, then use customized ROMs (OS variations) and apps that otherwise cannot be used on a non-rooted phone. Even jailbreaking the iPhones does not provide so much freedom and there isn't really another option other than the stock iOS, save it being modified. 

I can run Linux on my phone as well if I really wanted to, but that's just a fun fact, not that much practical.

Still, it doesn't have to be complex at all. I feel the stock variant of Galaxy S8, as it comes from the box, works extremely well, looks really beautiful, feels snappy and wouldn't really be hard to get used to. For example, there is a search function in the settings, but you also get "close" suggestions at the bottom of each category, which has helped me get to where I want very quickly, even though I am an experienced Android user. The device is just well-made and well-thought through. 

Perhaps it's true that after the Note 7 fiasco, Samsung knew they can't fail with the S8 models and literally had to make them as good as possible. 

The only real downside is that the device appears to be fragile due to the glass panels. I wouldn't want to drop it, and despite having a case it's still my biggest fear. That can be solved with bulkier cases, though. 
Is iMessage really that good? I hear this mentioned many times by Apple users and they all seem to be pretty attached to it. What does it offer that you cannot get with another IM client, like Telegram? 
Damn, I keep thinking "...alright, this time I know all the tricks", and then you guys come in with a brand new thing I can do that I never knew I could do. 

Thanks : )
If you don't care about personality why the f do you respond to my comment? Double standards are strong with you, sheesh. 
I'm a real MADLAD
> She has a nice everything

---


>  you are the one making things up in your head.

OK
Maybe she's a bitch irl? Nah, let's pretend she is perfect in every possible way.
Do you think Google offer all of this for free? You pay with your data and that's fully known to anyone who can put 2 and 2 together. To say that asking for a tiny backup of a few KB to be stored in your personal storage indefinitely is asking too much is a weak argument at best. The fact that OP paid for more storage just adds to the insult. 

Yeah, it absolutely IS bullshit that they don't store it longer. They should be storing it indefinitely and that's completely reasonable to ask. Not only that, but people explained they would be glad to at least have some form of notification for it, which is not the case in reality. 

Absolutely everyone who uses Google pays for it in various ways, just not always with money. 
Disable all types of internet while asleep, then from the performance menus you can put all active apps to sleep.

I'm pretty sure Bixby can actually do that with a single command if you set it up and want to use it.
Obviously something has went wrong with the weather app/widget. I'd start by wiping cache (you could even go to recovery and wipe cache partition from there), and rebooting. If it doesn't help you can "re-install" google play services from the app list and it will be reset to the first version, then update itself.   If that doesn't help you should probably disable the Weather app/widgets completely. I don't see much use in them anyways, how often do you need to know what the weather is? A simple google search shows it immediately and the widget seems more like a vanity item to me than really useful and needed. 

If nothing helps, maybe backup and do a factory reset.
That's a great tip - thanks. Just tried it out and it indeed looks much more spacier and I just had to increase font size 1 up. 

EDIT: Just tried 460 and it feels better. Check out the Device Performance menu on 480. It seems to be squished down a bit. On 460 it scales perfectly. For some reason that really bugged me, haha.
So how is that relevant to this topic and OP, who has paid for it?? You just came to say something irrelevant, I guess. 
Mods, can we get the "Shitpost" flair already? 
That's exactly what I did to check if it runs (it runs) and I still won't play it if I have to download install files from 3rd party websites. Actually, I explained that in my first comment above. 
Thanks for the heads up. I'm not gonna feel bad for not having support for my device knowing it's a rip-off. 
That's funny, so they allowed it for the S8+, but not for the S8, which can run it without any problems. Weak move as usual. 
Well, I think Jobs could specifically predict what people would want before they saw it. He had that kind of talent, or hunch, or whatever it is. 

Apple today is trying so freaking hard to continue that tradition but there seems to be noone there who has the a) balls, and b) vision to achieve it. So they are basically like a rip-off of their own past self. Of course they will not listen, because that would mean they no longer "know what we want before we even know we want it". 

And these prime examples prove it - we didn't want the 3.5mm jack removed before we saw it happen, we don't want it removed yet. The same goes for the button/scanner. The same goes for having the EXACT same looking phone between iPhone 6 and 8, with all their iterations. The same goes for the retarded bezel on top which covers and ruins every video, image and game. 

It's just a sad story. And that's why it's awesome to have all those Android phones around which actually do stuff properly. (not that android is without its faults - it can be improved drastically, but Google is just using the "1 step forwards, 2 step backwards" technique too heavily sometimes)
Thanks for letting us know, I didn't know about this at all. Wouldn't use Drive to store a Google backup at all after knowing this. I could have gotten burned some time in the future. 
Agreed. To be fair, the 3D touch Home Button can probably be integrated easily on the current X model with a simple software update. It's fully capable of having that. And it will probably work better than the S8's one, which works in a weird way based on timing so that it can support hold + swipe right/left for Recents/Back functionality while the navbar is hidden. It sometimes doesn't work properly and you definitely have to get used to the timing for it to work all the time. Apple will probably do that in a better way and it could be done with a simple iOS update. 

Perhaps they are actually planning to do that for the X in the future and already thought about it. 
OP clearly states he is using a 100GB storage and that's a paid service, or comes as a "bonus" with other paid services or bought products, which makes them paid however you look at it. 

This is just another shade of Google's dark side, striving to improve their products while not really giving a shit about what matters to the users. Like important backups. 

Indeed, there is no reason not to save this backup in the 15GB storage forever, a storage you technically CAN use forever with any other type of file, usually much bigger ones too. It's a bit of a backstab from their side.
The game doesn't show to be compatible with my S8 from the play store, which is very strange, or maybe intentional now, but not for the future. 

The game can be found through other ways and I was able to run it, but deleted it and prefer to wait for an official release. If it's never supported for the S8, shame. 
It wasn't even fun testing these games while working for GL. All of their games are kind of soulless. 
The original Kingdom Rush is free and the other two are cheaper, though. 

I don't have a problem with paying for this one but after looking at some gameplay vids I thought I might not enjoy it that much - the visual design is a bit overwhelming. It might be worth a try, still.
> 1. ""Microphone"" allows players to utilize voice chat features. 

It also says it's an optional permission.

A bit disappointing that they are charging a decent price for it and included pay-with-cash-only content as well in the game... Can't it be one or the other? 
Fair answers to the points, but honestly - the fingerprint scanner has literally **none** of these issues. There no "well then you'd do X/Y/Z" scenarios. It just works. Even with dirty fingers and dirt on the scanner, many of these scanners work perfectly fine, especially the iPhone's one. 

It's not really an argument against having the FaceID - I also think it's potentially quite cool. I think it would be very cool to link this tech to some online games that allow you to model your own face in an easy way, then customize it more, for example. The argument was that having more options and features is nice and they just seem to take core ones away, like they took away the 3.5mm port, just in the sake of being different, or chasing some vision that isn't even that nice when imagined. 

To me, personally, the lack of the home button seems the worst, even if we exclude the scanner on it, because you seem to be swiping around for everything with the X. As far I as understood it, you even have to swipe up after your FaceID has recognized you? Why have that extra step? The feedback from the home button of the previous iPhone was something I could appreciate and it's just straight-up removed now. I get it, they want to make a phone with 0 ports and full screen estate, but is that really something we want? I'm not quite sure at all. It's something they are slowly, but surely forcing on us. I'd rather have my phone allow for more variety, for all kinds of connectivity and for it to have some kind of cool physical feedback and nice-feeling buttons. At least they kept the pressure-sensitive screen, which felt really nice on the previous iPhone models I've tested and will probably work nice on this one as well.

The fingerprint scanner may not be the safest thing but it was definitely a relatively secure feature that worked pretty much instantly, as it does on my S8 with rare exceptions where I miss-position my finger (the device is still fairly new to me and I will probably get better in another week, then it will be responsive each time). Having to hold your phone in any kind of specific angle is just another layer of requirements. Making that the only way to unlock it, save for entering a pin code, feels forced and once again fits the Apple model of "*we decide what you want for you*". Seriously, the Apple phones don't even have the pattern-drawing unlock feature that Android has had since the old ages, so at this point the X is just multiple ways behind in the unlock section.
What if you grow a beard? What if someone punches you hard in the face? What if you are wearing make-up, or shades? What if you don't want any extra "dot" light on your face at night, giving a signal that you own the X to anyone that might want to rob you who sees it? Indeed, the "twin" argument is the weakest. There are so many other, betters ones, all in support of how much the fingerprint scanner will be missed. 
It's true that the iPhone is getting a lot of attention in this sub (including other subs that are not related to Apple, like /r/Android), but I absolutely guarantee you nobody needs to defend their S8. We already know it's an excellent device and have 0 regrets.

The thing is, iPhones are just getting worse and worse and the decision-making behind them seems to get stupider with each iteration. We are bashing it because of that, not because we are insecure. That should be obvious. 

Your comment might be more valid with the V30 vs S8+ debate, though. 
Come on, the S8 looks absolutely beautiful... don't compare it with the iPhone 1S!
Lmao, that's golden
https://drive.google.com/open?id=0Bwg-0GLG0gP9WmVabl9zR2tpUWM

I tried to take a few photos of mine with my old phone. It's not that visible but maybe it can be of some help. The protrusion is almost unnoticeable. 
I understand you, man, but maybe you should have waited for the S8 Active and use it just as it is. I'd probably be all over that phone if it was available anytime sooner, and in my country as well. 

The S8 seems to be a fragile beast, and the case-less feel/look is so nice, that I feel like I'm doing something wrong if I place it in a huge armor casing. Again, I understand the huge disappointment of breaking the device, but as years passed I kind of started feeling that these are daily tools we use and we should be able to enjoy them without so much fear. After all, new devices arrive on the market every few months, of which some are often significantly nicer than the older ones. 

On the flipside, keeping your S8 encased will not only protect it, but also maintain the fresh look that can then help you sell it for a higher price, then buy something newer... like the S9, heh. 

If you can't overcome the fear of smashing it, it's best you keep it encased, but at the same time you shouldn't subject yourself to such fears if they diminish the enjoyment you get from your device. It's a really weird situation and I think manufacturers ought to start making some way harder to break products. Hence, the Active variants of S models, for which I am grateful to Samsung. I'll probably never own an S8 Active, but it's nice to know they keep making these out-of-the-box armored versions of their flagships. Plus, The active will have a flat screen and glass protectors work perfectly there.

There is perhaps an extremely slight protrusion, nowhere near as pronounced on the Hybrid case. I wouldn't fully bet on it, but it's an extremely snug fit once the device gets in the case. I wouldn't want to try dropping it and for the most "protected", yet elegant look I'd go with the Neo Hybrid if the extra size doesn't bother you. It's really not that much bigger, but it can definitely be a lot for those who find the naked dimensions of the S8 to be as big as they want it to be. 
> I've seen people who are overweight but can still perform as well as a fit person.
> 

I commented on that pretty specifically. 

> that if you're a little overweight as a person you shouldn't be a cop

And this is where I explained that "reddit's" argument has nothing to do with that, but that this guy is an asshole because of what HE DID. Him being overweight is a completely different story that simply adds to the faults of his fat ass, which was also commented on pretty specifically. I also like how you sugarcoated it with "a little overweight". Some of these cops won't be able to catch a criminal if he was slowly walking away from them before the cops themselves fell down to the ground, exhausted. It's pretty normal to claim such a person is completely unfit to be an officer, no? Yeah, it is. A "little overweight" is usually fine, but also does in no way fit the picture of a true police officer. Physical training is part of their routine, so they are obviously failing at simple parts of their jobs. If I am failing at simple parts of my job I would be fired.

I don't know what your problem is and what else you expect. Tell me, by all means.
No, my dude, if you are a piece of shit who pepper sprays peaceful kids, who are standing on the ground in quiet protest, right over their faces, and you actually do two fucking runs from one end to another, THEN you shouldn't be a cop. Is that so hard to grasp? And yeah, he is also a fat piece of shit, why do I have to repeat myself? The police force should be made of physically sound officers and that's another story that I stand by firmly. 
Haha, impressive! I've grown to love this feature, it works very well on the S8 and now I feel like I wouldn't want a phone without it in the future...
Thanks man, I appreciate you're being cool about it.
Oh. In that case I'm sorry I aimed that at you. 
As I said, I've already been overweight myself and then I fixed that for myself, by myself. The amount of preaching I'm seeing here is something else, though. Classic generic redditors. 
Yeah, imagine that, someone having an opinion that doesn't go along with your social justice narrative. Amazing! Quick, downvote. That will surely teach me to agree that being overweight is just as good as being in top physical shape. It in no way does worsen your life or introduce the risk of a number of diseases and heart problems. Keep preaching that it's fine, you are doing everyone a huge favor and are morally sound! 

Lol. F that. That cop is a piece of shit. It just so happens that he's also fat. Ponder on that. 
Why the f*ck does it have to, though? I simply said he is a fat piece of shit. I don't care what you think of weight and even if I did, it wouldn't change my opinion at all. I see a fat piece of shit and that will always be what I see in this scenario. 
Yeah, take that argument somewhere else. That "healthy at all sizes" bullshit is just that - apologist bullshit. I've been overweight myself and then I've been in good shape. You'd have to find someone who's less aware of reality to push this argument. 

A cop in good physical shape will always be a better cop than the same person, but overweight. How is that even up for debate is beyond me. 

As we can all see, this guy in particular is EXTREMELY good at performing pepper spraying over non-moving, non-dangerous people. He can do that just as well as a fit person!
A police officer has to be in good shape in order to serve and protect. It's an offense towards the whole idea of being a cop. A fat fuck spraying peaceful kids with pepper spray. Don't act as if that's not an absurdity. 
That would unfortunately interfere with the app that's currently active on the screen, although it's probably possible. I just don't see much sense in having it work in such a way.

We have something much better. The Edge panels ;) You can simply put your favorite apps there and there you have it - it works from any app and anywhere around the OS. 
What a disgusting, fat piece of shit. 
Fair point, it's more advanced if it uses 3D imaging (I missed that part of the presentation), but then as someone else said - if you have a twin all that security flies out of the window. Twins don't have identical fingerprints, though, they might be similar but not fully identical.
It's in the Gestures section, and available for Nova Prime. It's not exactly a home button replacement, though, it will just bring the App Drawer up instead of having to press the Apps button. 

It's probably possible to configure a home button replacement via gesture too, but I haven't delved into that. Maybe there is an activity for it, and then you just have to assign the gesture to the activity. 
When he made that chicken sound alongside the animoji my body was definitely not ready for the cringe that ensued. 
Yeah, but I think it's good for it to stick ever so slightly, simply to avoid scratching of the lens when you place it down. Yet, that wouldn't really make the phone wobble in a ridiculous way when you push down on it while it's lying down. The iPhones actually look amazing from the inside and use excellent hardware in the package they come in, but damn, some of these design decisions are beyond me and I guess only Apple fans understand them.
Agreed, I believe he would have been disappointed with the latest iPhone models since the iPhone 6, perhaps. Especially ever since they started bumping the back camera drastically outside of the frame... that alone would drive me crazy as a direct imperfection of the overall shape. 
Yep, that helped and was good design for the back panel overall. I'm not arguing it was done in an another way.

For example, the Mi phone with ceramic that JRE did a drop test on, previously, had chipped parts of it from the edges fly around, as it was not held by any kind of frame in those sections, it was just rounded ceramic. 
We have to wait and see the actual device in real life. A simple announcement will always strive to show the product in the best possible light, so we don't really know yet.

What we do know, though, I am not a huge fan of. 

- The sensor spot on the top DOES look awkward and I do believe this will apply for any device, unless if this panel was also present on the bottom, but to be frank I think that will make it worse, usability-wise
- The removal of the home button is another ridiculous, "we want to be cool" decision. I actually always liked pressing the home button on the iPhones I've used to test apps at work (never owned one, never plan to) and did enjoy the weird, but satisfying feedback of the iPhone 7's one in particular. Now, ALL they have done is introduced a function of the Nova Launcher (Swipe up for App drawer), which is simply enforced onto everyone, while on Android we get to choose it, while also keeping a home button if we want to (or if the phone has physical nav buttons)
- The "FaceID" thing baffles me a bit. Do they really claim it's some kind of a new technology? What's new about it? The best thing I can come up with is that it has a better front-facing sensor and can pick up more detail and be more accurate, but how does that beat the uniqueness of a fingerprint?

For sure, there will be no day when I would regret picking the S8 over waiting for an iPhone 8/X (not that I had any plans to do that). It's a no-brainer for me, but I'm sure there are others who will be making this consideration in the near future.

I think the shattered front glass was more of a dumb luck situation. He dropped it on the backside a few more times, of which some were almost flat on the back, or corner-first impacts. Nothing really damaged the back at all, while the front basically got destroyed completely until the screen went nuts.
Quite the cringy presentation at times, I must admit they excel at that. 

The iPhone X looks really bad with the incomplete display... It doesn't matter if there is more screen estate if it's not symmetrical, I wonder how it wouldn't be annoying for people, it definitely seems annoying to me...

The s8 has been and continues to be a better-looking device in my eyes. Objectively, the X has some interesting features and will, without a doubt, be a technical excellence, but to call it "innovative" is Apple's oldest card in the book, which has been void ever since SJ passed away. That man was no technical genius but he knew how to push people. The first iPhone WAS a technical breakthrough in the consumer's world, but the last few models have been so slightly innovating over each other that they are pretty much the same phone, just updated to fit the rate of new technology, which is already found in other devices.
Apple fanboys probably eat this story up without a second question... 
No, what are you talking about, it's because Steve Jobs said so! 

/s, Yeah, it's definitely because this type of battery chemistry has to be stored at around 50% to last the longest and avoid any kind of wear while the devices are being held in storage. 
Not really. G6 has little to do with s8, while V30 goes for rounded edges all around the design, and it instantly reminds you of an S8+. The G6 doesn't really remind me of an s8/s8+. And I'm not saying who came up with this generic design first, I'm saying that if VG V30 is the "best" looking device for someone, that someone didn't really pay attention to the S8/s8+ design, which is, hands down, actually the best, and has no side bezels, which the V30 has. Of course, taste is subjective, so this is just my opinion. 
> LG V30

Ironically, the LG V30 mimics the S8+ design, generally speaking. Not saying they are the same, but it's clear where the idea comes from.

http://www.lgnewsroom.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/LG-V30-Cloud-Silver.jpg

https://www.androidcentral.com/sites/androidcentral.com/files/styles/xlarge_wm_brw/public/article_images/2017/03/galaxy-s8-gold-black-2.jpg?itok=TN39w3zP
Great realization you had there! Hope it motivates more people to keep up with their streaks. I'm going on my third month now (despite some people assuring me it's just a fluke and I'd be back on it). 

Believe me or not, the biggest reason that I am still hanging is that I had this realization on the day I stopped. It was just enough. Every evening/night after work I'd get stoned and play games mindlessly, games that I can't really touch anymore. I'd get high just to "feel good", while in reality the paranoia in my thoughts was getting worse and worse by the day. My emotional stability was wrecked beyond oblivion and anyone could sense that even when I was sober during the day. 

You have to realize that and then the sober part becomes much easier, your cravings are light and easy to overcome, and your mind starts piecing itself back together. 

I would never tell anyone to quit weed, but I'd tell anyone to not do it on a daily basis... People with self-control don't really reach such low points, and people without self-control can definitely become better. All they need to do is remember what you actually GAIN and what you actually LOSE from abusing anything in life.
I feel you, man. Maybe I will try to make such a game at some point. It just takes immense amount of effort and time and could take years. Plus, I am a complete novice at java and coding. But I cannot just sit and complain about it either, haha.
Nah, no it won't. 
Rofl, you deduced that I am selfish? Some redditors are so full of shit that it hurts my brain. Get off your high horse, dammit, this is ridiculous. You don't know jack shit about me and your comment is pathetic. Don't project your own bullshit onto others, especially strangers you don't know the first thing about. (ps, don't bother replying, I'm gonna ignore you, there is truly no need to listen to anything else you might say - it would be worthless)


That's usually done in large ban waves, in order to hit as many people as possible and then have a good ol' buy wave from them.
If it makes them money it won't be stopped. Absolutely any business works like that. To think game devs are an exception to this rule is misguided. Unless this afk botting starts making them lose money, there is no point in taking action against it. Simple as that. 
Sorry! This content is not available in your country yet.
Sigh
It's worth nothing 
I'm from my country but I'm not national treasure anywhere. :/
It's bad advice for inexperienced people. If you are 100% certain that you will not be using those, ofc you can disable them. But to suggest this to people who don't know what to disable and who might not even have another browser or launcher is just bad advice.

Furthermore, I'm just saying that these two packages are not bloatware by a long shot. Might be useless to some, but are definitely not under the definition of bloat. 
No root required for this. (been using it since android 5)
Oh yeah if it drops from 20 to 0 in a few minutes - something's wrong with it for sure. It shouldn't do that. I was just saying that it should be charged between 80 and 40% for the longest battery life in the long run, to delay wearing out of the cell. But what's described in the OP is definitely not normal for a relatively new battery. It would be normal if you constantly fast charge it, though.


I think that function should be treated as an "emergency" function only. One of the first things I did was to disable it as I always charge during sleep time. It's basically a function that will wear out the battery much faster than normal.

What the others advised is true - doing a full cycle can re-calibrate the battery (draining it until 0% and then charging it to full). Leaving it plugged after 100% is completely useless, though. 
In fact, if possible it's best to sit between 40 and 80% for the most longevity of the battery. Of course, this becomes a problem for people who just want to charge more rarely, and no one has to be that anal about their battery life. Just saying, going down to 20 is beyond the 'safest possible' range for a long battery lifespan over years of usage. 

This also goes for 18650 batteries. 
Sigh
Subscribed
Glad to help :) (I'm not the OP btw)

I think you made an excellent choice, especially coming from the 6p. Never liked the Nexus 6 models, they feel and act cheap. I've got a 6p at work that's already bursting out of its plastic frame on its own. Testing devices are great to judge wearing from, since different people use them on a daily basis in different ways and you can always tell which ones are the hardest ones.

Note 3, (much older than 6p) for example, is another test device I've used at work which still looks and performs as new :)

Though, I must say the S8/+ design does indeed feel a bit "fragile" so I wouldn't treat these babies badly.

edit: btw, better avoid disabling the default launcher and browser. The list in this thread is not really "essential". It removes stuff that are definitely NOT bloatware. I'd check every single package before disabling it, trying to find out what it does exactly. 
Yeah, of course. It's a method that works across the board for all android devices that are using the same android version. Older versions sometimes have different commands, but the same thing also works there, especially for Samsung devices.

Sadly, android 7 made package disabling impossible without root for all other android devices, even with the adb commands. 

Samsung are ahead in that sense, because it's still possible on their android 7.
Thanks! I'll be trying this app out :)

Edit: It works! But it has an animation, which basically changes the color from white to whichever color you chose anytime the navbar shows. I wish it was instant, without any downtime for the color to change, but I guess it's still better than before :P
And my axe.
Glad you liked it :) 

[Check this out as well](https://groups.google.com/forum/m/#!topic/viphone/UpeSzFkASus)

And [this](https://groups.google.com/d/msg/viphone/VKAHQ6zPzO8/QJ7pvGdrAgAJ)
BTW, you can try Fleksy and see if it feels better. I think it goes higher, especially with the spacebar visible and the top extension row visible as well:

https://drive.google.com/open?id=0Bwg-0GLG0gP9RmZWN3pUM1JCN0k
You can use "Swipe Up" gesture to pull the app drawer from anywhere on the homescreen, then just swipe up from the middle and it will work flawlessly w/o interfering with the navbar gesture. 
There are some APKs that can allow you to do that, but I'm not sure which one are the "safest". Some articles link to files, uploaded in sites like mediafire and I wouldn't trust them too much. 

I guess I'm one of the guys who loves the s8's nav buttons style.
Fleksy and Gboard are the best, all-round. The first one excels at "pecker" typing style, meaning you tap on each letter. It's made to work very fast like that and once you get used to the "swipe left>right for spacebar and right>left for delete" gestures it becomes awesome to use.

Gboard is better for swipe typing, if you are into that kind of thing, but is way less customize-able, especially visually. 

I was giving Gboard another shot with the S8 but the lack of square boarders (the rounded one look terrible) and the lack of visual customization made me go back to Fleksy again. 
Also, using Nova Prime launcher can give you the ability to map gestures like:

- Two fingers up
- Two fingers down
- Pinch in
- Pinch out
- Double tap
- Double tap + swipe up/down
- Rotate fingers CW/CCW

...to any function/app you want. 
Yeah, I tried this as well and it runned (seemingly) normally, but the lack of complete fullscreen is a bit of a letdown. 
> then have navbar apps set to recognize keyboard (but not enabled otherwise)

Can you elaborate a bit on that part? I'd gladly keep the navbar on some apps if it was black. :P
I don't think so. You can try other keyboards. At best, you can activate the number's row but that's an artificial difference as the letters won't be any higher.
There should be some kind of customer protection law/policy in your country and some gov-related organization that upkeeps it. Try contacting them, providing any proof needed and asking for assistance. 
Classic google - 1 step forward, 2 steps backwards. 
Oh dang, 'alot' and 'would of' in a single post. That's just too much!!!

Here's The Alot of Times anyhow:

https://static2.fjcdn.com/comments/5025882+_fff5ab1d9cad77f97ced41e9c40d99c1.jpg

edit: Good guy OP fixed it. Respect!


Under the keyboard would be really awesome... I'd even be happy if they made that one black/transparent, it would be good enough. Why it has to be white at random places is beyond me... Completely ruins the dark themes and gouges out eyes at night.
Not only that, but this shit has also found its way into the Battle.Net app. 
Wrong understanding. An "ayyyyy lmao".
I thought I might be the only one... those stone fences, especially, look MUCH better in the original. Sadly, I think the original water also looks better in some of the examples.

It's just... too early to "rework" the Witcher 3. 

* Will there be toilets on mars????? 
* Can I be your vice-CEO or at least on the board of directors??  
Yeah, shame for the 1st actor, that guy was aaight
Every other review on their own site references self-cracking protectors, glue spilled into speakers and openings of the phone, or not spreading everywhere, and insanely hard application...

I'd rather go nude.
Vainglory is tap to move, not Vjoy.
Unfortunately, this plague almost always spreads. Things you could try doing is to re-install the Google Play Services, reset all settings or do a hard factory reset. If you recently applied a major update - this could also be the reason.

Sometimes I get paranoid and think that Google might be doing this on purpose, activating some backdoor stuff that drain a ton of battery, remotely. Really, at times there is no other explanation. 

Things you can do on the lighter side is use more wi-fi and less 3/4G, turn off all location services, turn off location history and sharing, and turn off most auto-sync google functions.
[Homescreen](http://i.imgur.com/UCAeMhe.png) 

So sexy... The icon packs I use and combine are mostly Moonrise, Atomic and Boekt.

Launcher: Nova Prime, what else is there?
Bixby seems much better at controlling your phone, hands down. OK Google is more like a voice search in general. For the record, I'm not really a fan of any assistant, but BX seems cool when you look at it as a controller AI.
This is really awesome! Yet another subtle feature I did not know about since having the phone.

One little note - this seems to work in the "original" order, no matter if you swapped the nav keys around. 

So, even while my Recents button is on the right, I have to swipe to the left to trigger the Recent apps with this way. 

I'd really love for this feature to be parallel to the way you ordered your nav keys, but it's really awesome regardless. :)
Vainglory, hands down. It seems like a more "mature" game to me.

An absolute winner in terms of graphics and visual style (unless you are into "clash of clans" kind of graphics).

And, in my view, a winner in terms of quality across the board.

Arena of valor will be enjoyed more by people who like using the virtual D-pad for movement, though.
I have to disagree, in my experience (on an S8), Vainglory runs infinitely better, performance wise. It's buttery, silky smooth and really an enjoyable experience, technically speaking. Vainglory also seems more "serious", while Arena of Valor seems aimed towards a younger audience. 
Judging by your post history... you have a talent!! I'd try these, YOLO SWAG.

edit: too many closet gays got scared 
Go through every option and read what it does, then slowly configure everything to your linking. It's really awesome. 
There is lag at places where you would find lag with ANY other Android phone. That includes the Pixel. For example, when scrolling through Play Store lists of apps, or where you have just entered your personal app list in your settings, there would be lag before everything loads. Once it does, it's butter smooth. I've never seen a phone that has no lag in such scenarios from the Android side. Can't speak for new iPhones, as I would never use such a crappy operating system as iOS. The older ones (6 and below) all lag at certain places as well and I know this because I've tested all of them on my previous QA job. 

Have never seen any phone without any lag whatsoever, and that's all down to the software stuttering every now and then, not the hardware. S8's hardware is pretty damn great and you can tell this while playing games. For example, Vainglory is butter smooth at all times and it's a real pleasure to play it. I can tell it's on maximal detail as well. SW Arena, at the same time, is very badly optimized and can occasionally stutter. It did so even on my PC through an emulator and other devices I've tested on and I know it's down to the software. 
Glad to help :)
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.monarchdesigns.moonriseiconpack

I also enjoy this one for a more google-like but fresh experience:

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=nexbit.icons.moonshine&hl=en
Well, it wouldn't be a lie if the advertising didn't gradually change from "by AKG" to "tuned by AGK". There must be a reason for them to change the tone...
It's much worse at the private server scene where most are playing the older expansions. I recently had a TBC run and was amazed at how many terrible people are there. At one point I made a food table for a ru kid who asked for food and he literally started offending me in russian because I didn't have meat for his pet. He then proceeded to spam "SHIT" in whispers towards me. I met so many similar people that just quit the realm and decided to take a break from wow again. For some reason this game is full of dicks... I don't think retail is nearly that bad, though. And some games like ESO/GW2 have much better communities. I can't say the whole gaming community is bad, because it's definitely not. Some games (or even specific expansions) attract the worst, and others don't. 
https://drive.google.com/open?id=0Bwg-0GLG0gP9cVFkODR4U2VsMDg

Here's a mini-collection I made for my z5c. You'll find this one there too. 
I don't think they are worth that much either, but damn do they fit nicely in my ears. The shape is really nice and the threaded cable is also nice. 

EDIT: Btw, the headphones aren't actually made by AKG. Samsung kind of lied on that one too. They are "tuned" by AKG, while actually being Samsung headphones. In any case, they don't sound bad. The low end is not the best, but it's there, and the mid-range is quite pronounced. I'd say they are decent if you haven't got much better ones, but aren't a pair I would go out and buy separately. On the other hand, now I know this shape is really good for me and might look for similarly-shaped, high quality buds.

You can re-size widgets with Nova and that sometimes applies for the font as well, which is pretty neat. 
Shuttle+ Music Player

It's actually not like that from the player alone. I use Nova's widget resizing capabilities and remove the metadata from being visible, leaving only the control buttons like that. I usually start with the bigger 5x5 widget and then resize until I find a point it looks clean. You can also invert colors, otherwise the buttons are white. 
Does this game have real-time multiplayer yet?
That can be said for a ton of f2p games, it's not really an excuse and will never be one for gamers that are looking for skill-based, rather than wallet-based online experiences.
Nova is the best... I really can't see myself using any android phone without it and keep going back to it no matter what brand I own. 

Here's a couple of examples:
[
\[1\]](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0Bwg-0GLG0gP9d1E3dk9MbW5lczg) [\[2\]](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0Bwg-0GLG0gP9aUdxV3hqcDRsenM)

The first one is my S8 at the moment, second is my Z5C's old setup. I'll probably come up with something nicer for the S8 but it works for the time being.
Is there even a single similar game that is not complete crap? After getting my S8 I'm having a real hard time finding any good multiplayer games with serious content other than Vainglory. Sadly I'm not as much into the MOBA genre as I used to and can't see myself playing it too often. 

I wish there was some kind of multiplayer strategy, or MMO, even with simpler graphics that is addictive to play in the good old ways, not based on IAP and shady mechanics. 
Why are so many shitty kids interested in WoW these days... It's an interesting phenomenon. 
Virtually all glass screen protectors for curved edge displays seem to be cracking on their own in people's pockets, most likely due to a very minuscule differences of angle when placing the glass, which creates pressure that inevitably breaks the protector, unlike a 100% flat glass piece. 

I'm really eager to have a glass protector but imho it might be best to just use a good case (some Spigen one, I ordered the neo hybrid), and hope for the best w/o a screen protector. I am not too hyped for plastic protectors either, they take away from the experience. 
He basically looks the child of Matt Damon and Mark Wahlberg. 

I was just watching episode 1 again today, good timing.
I'm interested as well... Glass protector for the edged screen sounds good but tricky. Does it leave any traces under the protector? Is it easy to apply on your own?
I actually ordered it as a corporate client from a local operator. They pretty much delivered the phone in about 4 days after it was ordered.

Unfortunately I can't tell you how it will go if you order straight from Samsung. I wanted to make use of the corporate client discounts from my operator, as I did with my last phone and have been pretty happy with the quality - no defective units or any shady business. 
That's a fair point! Almost forgot about that. :) I'll probably figure out the best solution along the way. Changed to DND mode now. 
Thanks for this post, it's very informative. I might actually give it a shot at some point. 

My idea would be to have it turn off/on features as you have done and that indeed sounds useful, like having Root + Tasker, but without having to deal with rooting in the first place.

Perhaps Bixby was really widely misunderstood, as some reviewer comparisons just seem to ask it questions that would be searched online, and generic things like "hall tall is the president"? I really don't care for that, but having macros and tasking capabilities is another thing that has gotten my attention. 
Yeah, I think it's absolutely worth it. I just bought mine a few days ago and received it y-day - it's been great and I hope to be with it for a long time. 
You made a very good point about giving things a chance. But really, I'd like one of these assistants to speak more native languages. I live in a non-english speaking country and it just feels weird to talk to my phone in English. Not that I can't, I speak it every single day during work with clients, but it would just be that much greater if I could speak in my native language and it could understand me well. Unfortunately, I feel all assistants are very far away from that, not to mention that obscure languages might never get support in the near, or even far future. 

Another thing is that bixby seems to ship with so many features I don't really want/need. If it was literally a pure tasker that can manage my phone in a very optimized manner, w/o using battery for anything else I don't need, I'd probably be using it. 
Thanks to you and others that suggested this. Today I installed BX package disabler, BX plugin, bxActions, and got it all to work pretty nicely.

Disabled a few bloatware packages, disabled the Bixby stuff (except voice) and set my button to open the camera. It seems to work pretty well and the disabler also works perfectly. Haven't noticed any performance drops, although it might come with time depending on Samsung's Android. So far, it definitely seems better than the one of my old Sony phone, which had very minimal system information to offer the user when checking battery life. It didn't even show services when you tap on the graph.

I also bought a plastic generic case to use the S8 with while I am waiting for my Spigen Neo Hybrid to arrive. :) 
Thanks, will definitely try that. So far I noticed that keeping always on display drains quite a lot so I stopped using that. I hope I don't enter the same battery fighting battles I did with my previous sony phones... 
Thank you, I'll look for the apk and try it out.
> Adhell 

I read that it's pretty hard to activate it and keep it working though, that samsung disable it in some ways?
Thanks for the reply, (bat)man.
Cheers :)
Absolutely, sounds really good, especially the BG play. I usually achieve that with the Firefox browser specifically, usually all else fails w/o rooting and etc. 

I saw a thread about adhell2 while lurking here a few days ago, maybe that's exactly what I need to do.
Cheers, I am pretty confident about only using the case and might give gboard a bit more of a chance. Will just have to use it without boarders, it's a solid typer otherwise. 
TY, I think I'll probably buy the package disabler pro and play around until the phone is much cleaner. 

If you do happen to stumble upon that remapper hit me up, would be great to do that, as long as it doesn't slow/drain the phone or something like that.

Thanks for the theme suggestion too, will be trying this out now :)
Thanks - I'm using it already, other modes seem to do strange things to the coloring but I bet everyone has different preferences. 
Thanks - I think the Adaptive mode was set by default and I didn't change it. The other modes actually seemed worse to me. The red only appears when I look at the screen from a tilted angle - otherwise  looking it straight is completely normal and looks great. :)

Good idea about the scanner, I think it works perfectly fine without looking at it.
Thanks for this comment, this is the exact case I ordered. Of course, my phone arrives today but the case will probably take a while to come, so I better watch out in that period of time, heh. 
It should be fully possible with the normal S8 as well. :) I'm waiting for mine to arrive, probably gonna try such streaming as well, with the wireless 360 controller it would be really nice.
This is not new, just saying. The "new" stuff is a sense of artificial increase of space, bolded and uglier text, and worsened layout. 
Thanks!
I guess both factions are full of assholes on this realm. As a horde, I was ganked in pretty much every zone by at least a couple of allies. Some of them would try to corpse camp as well. 

I hope I meet better players in the future, just hit 70 with my mage y-day and so far the community makes me feel both good and bad. It's super toxic, yet I also meet some decent players. 
I mean, a plate class with a staff looks ridiculous anyhow. Might as well remove it from the game.
Did you just quest, or did some kind of powerleveling? 
Illiterate people complaining to illiterate devs about bad grammar. Hilarious...
Who's game?
In this case the game is designed by the players so we can hate both
The clash of reason
tl;dr if you are a piece of shit in-game, you are likely an even worse piece of shit irl. There, there, just don't hate yourself (you do, though)
Come meet me and find out
You sound like the reason why so many servers have shit leveling experience. People who steal quest mobs with long respawn rate from a group of other people, for example, can go fck themselves with a carrot and some mayo up their arse. 

Basically, you are the pussy. More like the anus, actually. 
WELL THEN, APOLOGY RETRACTED, OP.
Rofl, what a piece of sh*t. He lied to you to trick you into buying from him. End up in court? That's a gem.

No, at worst you might have to deal with customs and pay some extra fees to take your package, due to VAT or w/e it is called in your country. Then, if it's something even worse, it will be confiscated and that's it.

Your VENDOR can end up in court if HE sells regulated products that are not allowed. Not you, never you. You have to attempt **selling** outlawed items to get in court. They can't do anything if you just bought them.

Unless, of course, you are trying to buy some drugs or weapons, etc. Even then, you have to be caught receiving and taking ownership of these items. Otherwise, people can buy illegal sh*t for your name and get you in prison without you even knowing who did it. All they need is your name and address. How fked up would that be? 
Yesh
Precise answer: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3r5byXcQMGg
Agreed. I still blocked it and did not read the article, just wanted to make a point. :3
Haven't played in a while. Do you mean that the first gallery is fan-made (not included in the game)? Because almost all of them look awesome to me. I guess the second one is what's in the game? 


Yeah, f that site and it's shitty adblocker pop-up. 

P.S. You can BLOCK their anti-block pop-up completely using Ublock origin. Simply right click after the white screen appears, select "block element" and create a rule for it. It will magically disappear. 
A small update - I mixed two 30ml bottles at the exact same time, exact same percentage (measured with syringe), using the 1st bottle I got and the 2nd one.

The newer bottle with the stronger nail polish remover smell basically has almost no taste of the flavor I was meant to purchase. I am struggling to sense **anything**. The previous batch smells OK (the mixed liquid) and the juice can be tasted.

Really disappointed. Don't say I did not give it a chance.

My next purchase will be from the TCF shop, which I am certain will be of the expected quality. 

Vapable should be ashamed of themselves. This juice has 100% been cut, or somehow handled in an extremely careless way. Probably going to throw the new bottle away. 100ml wasted, as well as the cash for it. 

I wonder if I should contact some UK agency and report this, but I am just not sure what exactly will be achieved by doing that, to be fair. Just beware. 
Poor guy... Reddit always has to explain shit to you, don't you know? Even when you know, they will try to explain that you don't know. Gotta love this place : 3
"We just couldn't think of a way to implement GvG mode into Guild Wars 2, sorry."
at least make it an x-post
It's definitely a very short post btw :p
Events like this usually happen after a lot of build-up towards the moment, it's not like some normal dude randomly decides to beat the shit out of his girlfriend because of some insignificant reason. Obviously, the guy is generally unstable. Regardless, he should go suck some prison dick for a very long time. 
You can almost spell
Technically, his account is more useful than his neck alone...
It's great to see someone thinking about those of us with less time, who still love Vanilla content and mechanics. 

I am not personally a "purists" that believes leveling for months is any kind of fun after you've done it so many times in the past only to start all over again. 

Rates like x3 everything sound perfect in my opinion, including (at least) gold drop rate and kill XP rate. Quest XP can at ~x2, for example. 

Also, Rebirth wow did something very interesting where they gave players a command to choose their own XP rate for quests, I think it was between x1 - x3. That was pretty nice and "purists" could just level in the normal way, while those who are eager to get to lv60 and begin working on endgame content and pvp as soon as possible could choose the highest rate. People seemed OK with it and to be fair the community was really great. It was my previous "home" server and I was very sad to see it shut doors. 

Good luck with your realm, I will definitely be checking it out. Elysium looks very good to me but I just can't really spend months before I even get to the endgame. Leveling is just not that fun once you do it so many times. 

Really sad to see such cunts making themselves leaders of private projects and then tricking people into believing in the server. The same story over and over again...
Awesome shot you made there, love it!
That was my point, yeah. I also played it quite a lot but it isn't really the GW game we wanted.
We all did, but then GW2 came out...
lmao, unexpected 
Even the example shows a considerable difference between the actual scenery behind the people and what came after. The stairs are completely different. So, what's the point, exactly? At this point is this a memory in the form of a photo, or collage art? 
Is there a dickbutt version of this yet??
> Don't criticize, condemn, or complain. Human nature does not like to admit fault. When people are criticized or humiliated, they rarely respond well and will often become defensive and resent their critic. To handle people well, we must never criticize, condemn or complain because it will never result in the behavior we desire.

Bullshit remark #1. Constructive criticism is absolutely essential, both towards yourself and towards the environment that surrounds you. To literally say "never criticize" is utter bullshit. 

> Give honest and sincere appreciation. Appreciation is one of the most powerful tools in the world. People will rarely work at their maximum potential under criticism, but honest appreciation brings out their best. Appreciation, though, is not simple flattery, it must be sincere, meaningful and with love.

I cannot argue with this - fair point. You should appreciate everything you have, if you can, on daily basis. Life is a gift, not a right.

> Arouse in the other person an eager want. To get what we want from another person, we must forget our own perspective and begin to see things from the point of view of others. When we can combine our desires with their wants, they become eager to work with us and we can mutually achieve our objectives.

One of MANY points about subtle manipulation. Whoever cannot see past this should probably not argue at all on this matter. Any kind of attempt to adjust yourself in accordance with the wants/needs of others, or attempt to adjust their way of thinking to meet your needs and desires IS absolutely a type of manipulation. If you believe otherwise you are fooling yourself. I'm not saying it's a horrible thing to do, but it's definitely being manipulative.

> Become genuinely interested in other people. "You can make more friends in two months by being interested in them, than in two years by making them interested in you."[4] The only way to make quality, lasting friendships is to learn to be genuinely interested in them and their interests
> 

This applies only for people who are actually interesting to you. Anything beyond that, once again, is a lie that you create to manipulate others. Some people are not interesting and it's simple as that.

> Smile. Happiness does not depend on outside circumstances, but rather on inward attitudes. Smiles are free to give and have an amazing ability to make others feel wonderful. Smile in everything that you do.

This is not necessarily bad advice. But smiling in everything you do is NOT natural and fucking creepy. I would instantly become suspicious of someone that does that. I've met PMs at my job that do that. I know they are not genuinely smiling all the time and I don't imagine myself ever being real friends with them. They smile to get what they want. If you can genuinely smile all the time - hats off to you, kind sir.

> Remember that a person's name is, to that person, the sweetest and most important sound in any language. 
> 

Another play on other people's egos. It's also a bullshit statement. If your own name is the sweetest thing you can hear - get over yourself, god dammit. That definitely does not apply to all people. 

> Be a good listener. Encourage others to talk about themselves. 
> 

Good advice. Except if the person is talking bullshit all the time. Then you can tell them to shut up, or just stop being in their company. Regardless, you should always listen carefully to the people you care about.

> Talk in terms of the other person's interest. The royal road to a person's heart is to talk about the things he or she treasures most. If we talk to people about what they are interested in, they will feel valued and value us in return.
> 

Yet another method of manipulation. No need for further comment, it's too obvious. This is how a car dealer will approach you, not your friends.

> Make the other person feel important  and do it sincerely. 
> 

This will surely make others feel good, but it will also deceive them in a terrible fashion. You are NOT important anymore than anyone else. Making people believe they are will only play a bad joke on them in the long run. Do not do this for everyone, do not this all the time. Such behavior should be expressed only if the situation is right, not given out like candy. It's much better to treat people FAIRLY, and not as if they are the most important. You cannot do this in a "sincere" way for anyone, that's absurd. Everyone is special in a unique way, but nobody is the most important. 

> The only way to get the best of an argument is to avoid it.

Yeah, thanks, but no thanks. That's wimp talk manifest.

> Show respect for the other person's opinions. Never say "You're wrong."

This in itself makes zero sense. If you think the person you are talking to is really wrong and you keep that from them, you are fucking lying to them. This is DISrespectful, rather than respectful. If you see things in another way, you are simply wrong. There, I said it. 

>If you're wrong, admit it quickly and emphatically. 

Good advice.

> Start with questions to which the other person will answer yes.

Another method of subtle manipulation. You are just starting out and you are already planning your strategy on how to influence the person without their knowing. Ridiculous. 

> **Let the other person feel the idea is his or hers.** 

One of the MAJOR bullshit statements in this book, one which is absolutely, utterly, undeniably showing the spirit of the presented material, which is **MANIPULATION**. If you cannot see past this, you are blindsided and there is no going around it. I cannot believe I was flamed in this thread for rejecting this book. Completely ridiculous. What a load of crap.

> Try honestly to see things from the other person's point of view. 

This is the third piece of good advice so far in the book. 

> Appeal to the nobler motives.

Manipulation.

> Dramatize your ideas. 

Exaggeration and another way of subtle manipulation based on misrepresentation in order to influence someone. 

>Begin with praise and honest appreciation.

Yeah, sure, if you can honestly praise everyone go ahead and see where that takes you. It's impossible to do because it is impossible to honestly praise and appreciate everyone, not even everyone from the people in your own social circle. That's to be expected, unless you are a pretender that reads books like this and applies every method like a robot. Then you are forgiven - you just don't know any better.

> Call attention to people's mistakes indirectly. 

This, I suppose, can be useful, as long as you are not stretching volumes just to avoid a negative reaction. This coin has two very different sides. One side is you doing this to avoid a negative reaction (which you believe will reduce your standing with the person in front of you), the other side is you doing this to spare the person's feelings, IF they take criticism in a bad way. The second way is fine by my books, the first way is the way of the wimp.

> Talk about your own mistakes before criticizing the other person.

Eh... this seems like a general way to soften a punch. The same remark applies from the previous quote, imho.

> Give the other person a fine reputation to live up to. 

Yet another way of manipulating someone by pushing positive feedback to them, which they simply do not cover, in the hopes of them covering it in the future. This is the person's job, not yours. They are the one that should decide who they want to be, not you. Regardless of whether you think it's a positive, or negative direction.

> Make the other person happy about doing what you suggest. People will most often respond well when they desire to do the behavior put forth. If we want to influence people and become effective leaders, we must learn to frame our desires in terms of others' desires.

The final shitty quote I will present, which is once again UTTER manipulation, without any kind of possibility to deny this. I don't care who has a different opinion on this subject, because facts are not based on opinion. 

This is all I have to say about this book. Anyone who continues to urge me to read it fully can shove it somewhere. I guess you can imagine where you should shove it, given my criticism above.

Books like this are designed to give ready methods for people who have no character, in the hopes of giving them a means of simulating character. 

Now feel free to stop bothering me, unless you actually have something valuable to preach about, unlike this crappy, obsolete, completely ego-based book about the teachings of manipulation. 

Have a good evening. 
The most important step is to not listen to other wimps, who see themselves as something more. So, step out of reddit and be brave for yourself, then see what happens. Some of the comments here are pathetic. Never try to be something you are not just to gain the favor of others. Never believe anyone who claims manipulation exists in all human relationships. These people are so terribly wrong, that it's borderline dangerous to take any advice from them. You can do much better than that, trust me. 
That's truly the first positive story I heard of. But did you actually contact Sony Mobile? What location was it? Or was it done through the retailer that sold you the phone? 
This little article is cute and all, but very far from the truth. Sony have been going downhill in terms of quality for a long time. 

You won't say Sony is "the best"? Are you crazy - NOBODY would say that. Their quality control is close to non-existent, support is terrible, and new devices get worse and worse in terms of performance when compared with other models.

They probably have the WORST cameras, or one of the ones at the bottom of the list. They refuse to give us RAW image format simply because they want to keep their phone cameras at a worse quality than their pro cameras. What other reason could there be after more than 5 years of asking for this feature?? 

I've also never heard a single good story from Sony's mobile support team. Not a single story where they autonomously decide to refund someone for having a bugged touchscreen, or a self-cracking screen. It's always radio silence or denial.

Z5C is the best-looking smartphone I've had, but damn, I don't want to buy any of their phones again in the future. Of course, we should go with Samsung. When their devices are n-fold better and quality control exists with them, why wouldn't we?
> It's better to stick with a good design than change it just for the sake of change.

That's **exactly** how the X line got visually worsened. They changed the look, rounded the edges, went for more plastic... I'm not sure what they were thinking about, except change for the sake of change. Compare the looks of Z5C and XC. It went from "low profile and sexy" to "plastic for kids" kind of look. 
Oooh yeah. 
They have an actual "biscuit and tea" flavor that, once steeped for about a week, becomes glorious. I usually steer away from such flavors because they have a bad chemical taste, but this one was pretty awesome. 
Search youtube for the Scottish Roll wick method and you should get 20-30 hits when wanting to enjoy the juice vs 4-10. Then again, god help you when you want to switch flavors with these wicks...
Hopefully, you will have the capacity to notice how you "feel the need to persist in taking that tone" - exactly what you said to me previously - while simultaneously seeing yourself in a completely different light. But hey, at least your ego is... better? Yeah, let's go with that. 

Rest assured, I know it's fine. It's always been fine. 
I'm not sorry at all. But A+ for your efforts into *attempting*  to be objective. Good luck to you as well. 
Right, so did you go out of your way to scold the others involved as well? Any remarks on their offensive comments towards me? Yeah, I thought so. 

It's very entertaining to me how people react and how easy it is for them to directly start offending someone, then act as if they were the only ones offended. Thankfully, I couldn't care less that some stranger on the internet calls me a dick for expressing my opinion, then another comes and starts lecturing me on how their opinions are just as valid as mine. 

And really, read whatever you want to read, it's your own business and I don't care what you do. Anyone is free to read any comment and take away whatever they feel like taking away from it. It doesn't concern me. Nor does it stop me from replying back. Understanding that seems to be a huge stretch for some people.
Didn't really get into a fight, not sure why it looks that way. It's my way of humoring them for a while. I don't really care about their criticism, which should apply generally when browsing online communities. 

And I definitely don't think there is any kind of a book out there, which is a single "cure for all ailments". The ones I've referenced are more about... a cure for the unchecked ego, I suppose. They are basic guidelines to get someone started on these topics. The four agreements are a good and very simple way of keeping a decent balance in your personal behavior, while the Power Of Now is basically an intro to enlightenment. If anyone seeks "progress" in these fields, reading a single book is absolutely and utterly not enough. It takes years of practice, not just reading. The reading part is only the beginning, something to set the mind into the right direction (which should ultimately lead to freedom from the mind and ego).

Regardless, the more pragmatic books that deal only on the level of the mind are of no interest to me. They simply miss the point, or do not reach the actual endgame that is possible for a human. If someone just wants to be socially acceptable... well, that's a weak goal in my opinion. Acceptance should come from inside. Validation from others shouldn't be required at all. 

(edit: I didn't read that book from the previous comments, but I did read the review of it and that's how I drew some conclusions. But really, it doesn't sound interesting enough to be worth reading, so I don't have much more to say about it)
No, and I have no plans of reading it. When it comes to "self-help", I'd much rather read something like this:

http://www.baytallaah.com/bookspdf/51.pdf

or this:

https://experiencelife.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/28-the-four-agreements.pdf

That's more than enough to get anyone started on a path of self-realization and truth-seeking.
Hey, thanks for this link! It's great to see a community hub still exists. Last time I checked it was guildwarsguru, but that seems to be kind of dead for the legacy games. 

No need to delete it, let it sit for posterity :)
Amazing work! Really grabs the eye and the style is just fantastic. Thanks for sharing :)
I was insulted as well. Yet, it really fits your agenda to say I wasn't. The usual reddit mentality. :) 

Bye, all. 
You are taking me way back. No worries lil dude, I've got my CPE.

EDIT: For any smart-ass kiddo: http://lmgtfy.com/?q=CPE 

This thread is just full of smart-asses, isn't it? :)
Are you 16? I am convinced you are still a teen. Really taking (me*) back with your highschool attitude, thanks for that
If you didn't care you wouldn't be writing such novels to me. I don't care and did not read past that first sentence of yours. Now stop spamming my inbox and move on kiddo
is only a game
"Evil sounding"? Rofl, what a load of crap. You guys are on another level of oblivious, I give you that. Keep reading what you desperately want to read, that's the way to go. It's all funny and entertaining to me, watching how convinced you are in complete illusions. I don't give a crap how I sound as long as I know what I am. I rather **sound** like a dick than be a scared little guy who is afraid others will think he sounds like a dick. Keep adjusting yourself and keep manipulating yourself and others into believing you are good, you will go far. 
Just another arrogant prick that honestly believes he figured out a person by reading a comment online. Such a fucking cliche that my head hurts.

 Looks like I struck more than a few nerves, judging by the comments. I guess I'm lucky that I don't derive my feeling of self-worth from self-absorbed online strangers that truly believe they can "figure someone out". Reddit in a nutshell, basically. The most hilarious part of this is that you are the one who is feeling he has to defend his manipulations to feel good. I simply challenged that idea and you shat your pants, because deep inside you know everything I said it's true. I just put your illusion in danger and that's what you call "triggering" someone. 


No response whatsoever.

**AVOID** this shop. :) 

I might even actually send this bottle to capella to check for quality inconsistencies and see what they say about it, but it's a long shot. 

Generally, avoid this Vapable shop - they censored my criticism and never bothered to reply to my email after 3 working days. Obviously they are not willing to take any responsibility and customers should know that. 
There is no respect in faking a smile. That's the opposite of respect. 
Wow, the reddit specialist team arrived! So enlightening. 

Why don't you worry about your own self and leave my stuff to me, eh? You don't need anyone to be happy, and then we have the people who live in fear of being alone, thus constantly trying to manipulate others and adjust their behavior so that they are never left alone. 

How the fuck do you figure people resent me? Even if that was true in some little imaginary world of yours, why the hell do you think I would care? Cause I am like you? But that's not really true, is it? Thanks for the entertainment, yoda. 
No, they are not. That's an apologist's opinion. 

It's not ok to me and never will be. That's exactly what I'm working on changing, or have been trying to do so for a few years now. There can be absolute freedom and control of the ego. If you think there couldn't, then that's just how far you've gone up to this point. I wish you more than what you suggested. Good luck.
Damn, great job!!! 
All these books speak to me is "how to be a professional liar and manipulator". If that's what people strive for, fuck if I want such people in my life. Better to be alone.

If someone is an asshole, speaking positive about them is nothing more than being a hypocrite. If you speak positively to gain favor for the future, you are nothing but a manipulator.

/u/saulwwe90, the best you can do is stay true to what you believe is true. If you want to gain confidence, taking that advice to "fake" confidence is not a bad thing at all, but you MUST start doing things that will bring self-respect from you, to you. Start working out, or reading, or generally start developing new skills. 

But do not fall into the trap of lying to yourself about what others are. A ton of people really ARE fucking not worth your time. Do not cater to them. Cater to yourself and pick the people you choose to be next to you carefully. You are most likely already a much nicer guy than most idiots out there. Remember that and appreciate yourself. 
That's a really cool thing, that they restored the account. :) 

Too bad for your FoW set and the rest... but you can easily regain these things. ;)
I'm getting 300ms in general and it's killing me :(

Is there really a problem with all EU servers? I really hope they get fixed. Someone told me Germany has like 30ms ping, which is great, but 300 is another thing.

Yeah, enemies jump around, animations get stuck and bugged, etc. 

Please, Anet, fix it if you can ;(
What's true for you and your friends doesn't necessarily make it true for others, did you think of that? 

The games I loved 10 years ago are games that I still love today. Of course they cannot match the technical level of modern games, but that does in no way make them "rubbish", or bad. That's just your own point of view, which is sad if true, to be fair. Even Halo CE, which is an old and ugly game, is amazing fun when I play it today. That's because it's a great game, not because my views are skewed. 

"I know its hard to believe but not everything is about you." - Funny, coming from the guy imposing his point of view as if it applies to everyone else. 

And that last line - no comment. You are obviously some kid, a bit past your teenage years perhaps. Way too young to talk to me like that, I can tell you that. Get another 10 years of experience and then come and explain crap to me. Also, I will be a cunt, who's gonna stop me, you? Disrespectful kids like you are way worse than some older cunt can be. At least I know what the hell I am talking about. ;) 
I really don't need anyone to explain these things to me, especially after more than 15 years of gaming. Who are you to say the games I am fond of are rubbish, exactly? That's condescending bullsht to say the least. All it speaks to me is that you have absolutely no idea what you are talking about (nor what kind of a person you are talking to). Freelancer and GW1 are legendary games and there ain't no kiddo that will change that fact with his unenlightened opinion. Maybe if I said all the music you listen to is "rubbish", it would make you feel nice? It probably is rubbish, but who am I to say that you? I don't really care enough about your taste anyhow. But I do know mine well enough to not need some random guy to explain sh*t to me.

With your kind of point of view there is no need for you to say anything else. 

Also, yeah, those are exactly ship packs. They are named "Game Packages" for a reason. "The Completionist" pack costs about that much. There is also a completely different channel for donations, subscription-based, and there is also the fact that anyone who donates can just go ahead and do that. 

https://robertsspaceindustries.com/pledge/Combos/The-Completionist-Digital

Also, note this: 

> Please note that this package does not include the Javelin Destroyer, however it unlocks the ability to purchase one through the store. 

It's a joke and you must be a hardcore Chris Roberts fanboy to believe they are not greedy as f*ck. The completionist pack isn't even complete. 

Maybe after a while you will actually have a proper understanding of what makes a game rubbish, but for now you definitely don't. 
I know, I bought that game since the time it was only a Hangar and nothing else.

But it has nothing to do with Freelancer, which was a simple, yet expansive arcade game with seemingly rudimentary mechanics that, when looked closely, are the treats of a true classical shooter.

SC still has a long way to go and is simply a completely different game.

Another thing. They've got some "ship packs" that cost 18k dollars.  That kind of greed was never a part of the original Freelancer. SC, to me, is a ship shop thus far. It will be years before the game is truly complete and I am tired of waiting. All many of us wanted was a true Freelancer 2. Same type of mechanics, same type of "warmth" and life to the world, maybe a bit more realistic scale and the same type of fun. Not really a simulator. 

In all fairness, Elite Dangerous feels much better to me as I own both games, but nothing resembles Freelancer enough. 

With GW2 it is very much the same situation. They went with "modern" mechanics but forgot what made the original game so unique and great. In that game, there was something special that I still cherish, even without the ability to jump. The atmosphere and combat had their own charm. GW2 is, to me, the best current mmo, but unable to match the charm of GW1. 
They just go further and further away from the magic of GW1.

I miss that game so much... still log in and play sometimes, but it doesn't help that it's desolate and hosted on a couple of dev's personal machines, as far as I know (300 ping is normal there).

Trying out this BETA was kind of fun at first, but I just don't see it, or feel it. I don't feel the old game at all in this one anymore. The decisions they make don't seem to be at all related to what used to make GW1 unique and unmatched in its mechanics. 

Nobody made an actual GW2 and nobody made an actual Freelancer 2. The two games I truly loved will remain in the past for now. 
I seriously doubt that. After 3 years of vaping and trying endless brands and juice types... Nothing has ever had such a smell, unless it was of low quality, or past the date of expiration. Good flavors smell... good. And taste good. Simple as that.

If they class it as "has no idea", then it's funny that half of the reviews on that page claim the same thing. That the concentrate does not feel like the "real" thing, and one other comment claiming that it smelled like Ethyl Maltol. Mine just got deleted, but I am obviously far from alone on this. Could be that all of these customers have no idea... But once again, I seriously doubt that's the case. Customers are not complete idiots. 

edit: Include the fact that the juice is bought from capella, which has already sat on shelve for a while for sure, then re-bottled and shelved for even longer. Even worse if they open the large bottles and then sip out of them batch-by-batch, rather than re-bottle everything at once. The juice will, of course, go bad when you leave it in an half-empty tube. Additionally, the last bottle I ordered seemed to be one of the last ones from the batch - it clearly said "2 remaining". The "too fresh" theory is just not something I can believe in this case. 

It's a shame, because once I tried the original 12ml, sealed and everything, I knew this would be my new top choice just by smelling it. And the bottles I got from vapable... If I had received this for the 1st time w/o knowing the original taste, I'd probably throw it away. I gave it a chance because it did resemble what I remembered quite a lot, but this acetone smell is dominant. Not so noticeable when you vape it, but it can be felt. 
BTW, I just decided to actually contact them and see what their response will be. I let them know that I am not happy with the quality of the product and them rejecting my review has resulted in this thread, just to be clear on the matter. 

I don't wanna make a bad name for someone just because of one product but censorship definitely makes me feel a bit funky about the way a certain business is being conducted. 

I'll let you know if they respond. Cheers.
I haven't contacted any customer service because I do not expect any kind of refund, or anything like that. I purchased the liquid knowing that it has been re-bottled, as it is very hard to find larger capella bottles in EU, not to mention authentic sealed bottles. 

I presume they buy by the gallon and then re-bottle, as Capella International do sell such quantities for a few hundred dollars each. 

My guess would be that either the juice was cut with something to artificially increase quantities, or it was simply left to sit in bad conditions and/or the "best use by" date was surpassed. There is no way of knowing that. I just know that the sealed bottle I used from this flavor was truly mind-blowing and what these guys sell simply seems to lack that quality and smell much more sharply, not in a good way. Nail polish remover (Acetone) is literally the best thing I can compare it to, smell-wise.

Regardless, I vaped the first bottle of flavor and it is not bad but I can definitely feel a significant difference. I've cooked a few ml from the last bottle I received and will probably be trying it out soon, but I know it's not as good as the 'real' stuff. 

Contacting them would be a waste of time, no vendor will ever admit to any of the accusations I just made and they refusing to make my review public speaks enough in itself. 

Could be that most of their products are not bad/faulty, and that I just had bad luck picking this flavor from them in particular.

I've already discussed something with Molinshop and believe they will be able to order authentic 120ml bottles for me, then send them to me at a certain price. I'm willing to do that as long as I KNOW what I am vaping exactly... or that it has at least passed a certain level of quality control. 
Sad to hear you were treated like that, but it seems common with vape shops for some reason. Our most popular local B&M shop is a similar ordeal, having a great owner (who has personally tended to many customers and has always treated me with respect), but a number of idiots below him who actually act in the opposite way and live by the 'I am right and the customer is an idiot' motto. 

I'm not sure why such cool owners end up selecting such scumbag staff members for their shops, but it's a shame. 

It's 10 times better to straight-up offer a new replacement and earn potential reputation, rather than to make a fool of someone and earn almost guaranteed negative feedback. I, personally, praised that store for a while and was a loyal customer for long, but once I received such a disrespectful attitude that they lost me forever. Not only that, but I got my colleagues and some friends into Fasttech and the shop lost others, not just me. We are very happy with Fasttech these days and the prices are 2-3 times lower and the quality of the products we receive is identical to the one in local shops. All we have to do is wait for the packages to arrive and hope customs don't seize anything. 
I don't think I'm in the "never again" mode. I'm in the "I've had fucking enough" one, though. After ~7 years. After close to 4kg smoked. I am OK with not doing it anymore, because it now simply makes me into a worse person and no longer gives me any "boost" in life. Not even creative boost, which was my main thing - to smoke and make music. 

Returning to it doesn't make sense for me anymore, because it no longer makes me feel good, or much more creative than usually. My last months were filled with self-hate and paranoia. There is no good reason for me to go back to it, and my mind actually has negative flashbacks from it, rather than cravings. 

It's just like when I quit smoking. 90 days? I'm 3 years cig-free and all it took was for me to understand that I've had enough. It just feels similar with the weed now. Once again, I'm not promising anything to anyone, just following my gut feeling. With the cigarettes, I promised so many times to myself and even others and failed each time. When I quit, there was nothing to promise. Just a desire to end it for good. 

P.S. What you mentioned above is very familiar to me, for sure. Not denying it has happened to me multiple times. But at this point I drowned myself in weed before I stopped just to realize how shitty it makes me feel and it worked. I had a similar approach with cigs, when I felt the need to stop. I smoked a lot and paid attention to how terrible it makes me feel, how nasty it is for me in reality and just finally understood it is not worth doing it at all anymore. 

I think it's more about "let it build it up 'till you make it, but keep building it up even if you don't feel jack sh*t".

I've considered antidepressants as well, but that will just f me up even further, not to mention the potential detrimental effects on libido. 

You just gotta believe it will all add up, and that each slip really does set you back. I think learning to appreciate sober life and the possible gains from it is truly a skill. Doesn't just come around naturally as when we were kids... We have to work for it now. I feel like even putting some genuine work towards any kind of progressive goal can make you feel much better. Learning to thank, in your mind, for everything you have when you wake up, or before you fall asleep will also increase the brain activity related with making you feel good. Physical activity is also tightly related to making you feel good on a chemical level. There are many options, but the most important thing is to be determined and to understand very well why you made your choices and why you won't break them in the future. 

(p.s. I'm about 30 days clean from the grass now - biggest achievement from my recent years. Funny thing is it feels like there is no way I would go back to it... Don't wanna say big words, but it just happened and kept feeling like that. Now, it's as if I need to start moving in another direction, or I am done. I really want progress and it will happen eventually.)
keep digging
Yeah. Absolutely. In my case, a lot more than weed was in the bucket a few years ago, and only weed for the last 3-4 years. 

Not sure if this will pass on its own. I feel like we should be doing things to change it. Physical activity and the correct nutrients should really help out. I'm planning on trying out a keto diet soon, and will probably combine it with some kind of daily exercising. 

It is what it is. Such daily boredom is unbearable and so we must take matters into our own hands. 
This is some good shit right there. Hope there's more to come with this type of flow from him
What a useless LPT. Now EVERYONE at meeting will want to go first. Thanks, OP.
Reality is a "controlled hallucination". Here's a TED talk on this very subject: 

https://www.ted.com/talks/anil_seth_how_your_brain_hallucinates_your_conscious_reality/footnotes?share=193b28c13e

So, to say that you know reality is a huge lie that you say to yourself. It's completely unknown. We create "our own" plane of it, so to speak, and everyone's plane can be completely different. 

I am more inclined to believe that the truth lies in enlightenment, i.e. realizing that the self is not separate from anything, and the idea of the self is an illusion. The universe is one whole, seemingly divided, but whole and infinite. We are just pockets of experience, in a way. So, I'd say that dreams are real as well. There is no argument/data/proof that can support the idea of a waking life being anything more, or less real than a dream. "Experience" is the only thing we can say really exists.
He saw a different user make a similar argument and then did it to you :(

Cause, you know, humans always invent whatever they do and it's always a completely new and original idea, never learned by watching others or reading others.
You are an idiot. A Strawman = refuting an argument that was never advanced by the opponent. Solely based on that action of yours, I can say you are a simple idiot. You do not understand logic well enough to be fit for any kind of argument. Get the hell out of my comment chain. Beware I will RES ignore you so don't bother replying to me. Ever again. 
A great summary of your character, thanks. 
Strawman
It's a long-lasting trend - minuscule numbers of people in power ruining fascinating countries and completely destroying the people. Their morals, their hopes, their dreams, all goes to shit so that a tiny number of fucked beings can have their ego trips perpetuated for as long as possible. Then the next worm takes over and the cycle closes.

Yet, we can see that some countries have much more dignity and integrity in their governments, so it is possible. Sadly, for a country like Venezuela there are no miracles and nothing short of a civil war which literally goes to arms against the whole government won't be able to save them. Even if that happens and ends up in favor of the people, as you said it, a long rebuilding process will still be in front of them. 

It's really depressing to see that the whole planet is basically letting this happen out of localized fear from their own governments and the fear of their lives being destroyed because there is nobody to support them. Not even other people. 
Generally, DO NOT TALK TO ANYONE, IT'S ANNOYING AS FUCK.
Thanks, man, you are the MVP. 

That's a sad turn of events. I hope the guy doesn't get incarcerated, and who knows what kind of "proof" they have. If it was really just some logins into the tools to better-understand them, or reverse engineer them, then of course that makes complete sense given what his job is. 

You can't really do such a job well w/o getting your hands dirty... Ironically, the same goes for the police force. 
> To read our stories, you'll need to
> turn off your ad-blocker 

Piss off, article.
That was one of the hardest things I've ever watched. An absolute masterpiece, just extremely heavy on the mind and soul. That's what makes it so good, but beware. Bring napkins. 
Agreed. I don't know him but we do hear very positive things about him, and he has even scolded his own group more than once, I believe.
Aww, poor guy wants to feel better by dragging others down with him. Understandable, I do understand plebbies
All the kool kids use it when drinking the kool aid. 
> That's not really true. The character can be copied from one server to the other fairly easily, it's just a matter of database information. As for the client, it's not at all unreasonable to ask the player to use the TBC client when he decides he's ready to move on to the TBC server so I think you're inventing the problem of "merging" the different expansion clients.

How so? It IS difficult if you want to make it a "Blizzard experience". The code has lived through drastic changes over the year, it is completely impossible to just "copy" a character because you need some form of scripting to transform the data from an older database to a new one. That's not as easy as it sounds. But there is something I didn't think of at the time. Blizzard have already done all this scripting at the time of each expansion. Technically, this job is already done, if the coding is preserved. 

But you introduced a better problem - the gold rate, the whole economy. It's just not as easy as it sounds, no matter how easy some people make it sound. I don't think it's worth their time. It's time that can and will be invested into another expansion, or a whole new IP. 

And yeah, it is unreasonable to ask the player to use the TBC client, because this is a huge step BACK for them, from the Blizzard App which houses every single title. Do you think they will just add every single expansion of WoW there as a separate game? How do you think this will be explained to brand new players? How professional would that look? How much traffic and server time will be needed to store EVERY client separately, as opposed to just one that holds the latest changes and everything in one client?

Cmon, it's not easy at all to even imagine how this would work on the professional level that Blizzard operate on just as presentation and user friendliness, not to mention implementing it all.

Yeah, to some hardcore older players like us anything sounds good if it's playable as we like it, but trust me, nobody in Blizzard gives two shits about our opinion of presentation and quality. They have a strict, solid code of operation and they will continue following that and improving on that.

The only reasonable thing I can see would be to create a strongly Vanilla-like next expansion, or them letting go of vanilla and making it open-source as they did with Sc1. Mind you, Sc1 was released in 1998, and Wow in 2004. So, AT LEAST another 6 years until that seems viable to them, if at all. 


https://goo.gl/8BFp97
Yeah but that doesn't have to be the case today. If what was learned is used now, but without the concept of making it casual for greater profits, then it would be pretty damn good.
yes
Absolutely the worst part of my gaming history, comparable to GW2.

Freelancer and GW1 (Prophecies) just had this unique, amazing atmosphere and gameplay to them, which I cannot seem to find in new games anymore. They weren't extremely popular at the time and the FL community is actually still active (mostly in the Discovery Server).

I will never get over the fact that GW2 was not a real continuation of GW1 and that Freelancer never really got an honorable successor. Both are just stuck in time, and are still good but with a puny playerbase. 

https://soundcloud.com/nop-x/discover-the-freelancer

Here is a mix I made out of the sound files in the game folder :)
That was my first thought, haha, and I was just watching some Office US clips a few minutes ago... 
I think the general idea is the greed here, not that anyone is forcing them. They are greedier than I ever imagined. 
Rofl, that's fucking absurd... I was OK with it at first but what kind of game is worth even a tiny portion of $18.5k?? And it's not even the game, it's content within the game.

Chris on some serious drugs. And really, my patience of the game has ran out, I don't even feel like playing games anymore. I can't believe how many years we waited.

If only someone had the balls to make Freelancer 2, just make it a little better than the original Freelancer all around and a bit bigger in scale, but no. Nobody did that. 
Do you know what's even moire funny? My family pays for the whole HBO package in HD, we get it on the plasma TV and my mother watches it. But if decided, in theory, to download the episode from a torrent side because I want to watch it in my room in about 3 minutes w/o any additional effort, I would be a "pirate".

A problem which is so deeply misunderstood that it's just a shame. 
They still get the full amount of money from us, but I would also be deemed a criminal if I did that. Funny, eh.
It would seem that way, but each client is ultimately a unique "group" of code, which flows in a specific way. I can't imagine that the older expansion code remains purely the same, they more likely integrate it with the new things they add through the latest expansions.

Literally, Blizzard have said that the Vanilla source code has been "lost". Those are two severely different games with little no nothing in common, in technical terms. Each following expansion is closer to the brand new branch of code, but the further back you go, the more different it is. TBC is also likely quite far away from Legion's code and we've seen drastic changes in the engine, skills, mechanics and so on.

So, in order for this idea to work they need to go back and isolate the latest available code for each specific expansion, then split them up so that the mechanics of each expansion do not interfere with the mechanics of the next one. It's a hell of a lot harder than to just upgrade the latest state of the game to a new one, integrate what needs to be integrated once, and then maintain that.

If they make such "progression" servers, true to the mechanics of each expand, it will be like isolated games. Then even the transfer from one expansion to the next will need a special kind of script, or whatever, that takes what you have from the previous expand and adapts it to the new mechanics of the next one, and so on.

To make that possible from classic Vanilla up to Legion actually sounds like another 10 years of work, given that we know how Blizzard function. They NEVER release a game "just like that". They spend insane amount of manhours to make one specific title as goo as it can be for their business needs and our gaming needs (although the latter has changed a lot during the past few years).


It sounds good as an idea but I 100% believe Blizzard would never do such a thing. For them, this is taking a huge step back, and one that will require abysmal amounts of work to even be functional properly. 


Right now you can always go back to old zones and so on, but you can in no way whatsoever return to the old mechanics, unless you downgrade your client and find a private server on a specific version. (edit: And after all, that's what people miss and want - those who are fans of the legacy idea - the old mechanics. Not just the old assets, which we have and which have been changed with new textures and so on. Myself included, people want something that is just gone and came from a different time, so I do think private servers with custom improvements and dedicated teams is the best way to go for us. It's just a problem of legality, which is a shame. Vanilla should have been made open-source by now and let go by Blizzard. They just want to have the cake, and eat it too. We've paid them enough money over the years to deserve this, but I don't think they give two shits about that)
I dropped my sony z5c twice on hard surface from 1 m and it has NO damage on it whatsoever. The worst was a few pieces of my glass screen protector chipped away from the top right edge. It was quite impressive and I don't use a back cover of any kind, just front glass.

But yeah, it's not a greatly-built device, obviously, just not as shit as you described it. If the phone falls at the wrong angle it will easily break. This is why a face glass protector makes the weight direct the hit towards the glass and not the edges of the phone. 
The complexity of making that happen could be even worse than just adding pure Vanilla servers. What you are suggesting involves adding  the content of all previous expansions, including the "lost" vanilla code into a single client. This is a preposterous amount of work that will NEVER be done for any fan by Blizzard, be sure. Even I wouldn't do it in their shoes, it's just a terrible idea in terms of technical complexity and the amount of dev/QA work required to make that happen in present day.

Our single best option has always been, and still remains, private servers. The best bet is to think of a way to maintain a private server without the danger of it getting taken down by their legal department. That's it. Nothing better will be at your table any time soon, I guarantee it.

That whole 'we're gonna add legacy' servers thing was a bluff, meant to extinguish an ongoing and growing flame from the fan community. And obviously, it worked.

Now if you want to play 'real' vanilla you just gotta find a safe private server, if that thing can even exist at the moment. 

I am personally done after the closing of Rebirth WoW, which was quite bug-free all around and was a great place to be. I had a lot of fun. But just like endless others, it closed down. I can't just re-start everything over and over again with new people, it's too much effort unless you are still in your teenage years and like this game. 
Michael is the best in many ways... he was also very mean in other ways  in some eps, but tends to be the best, generally.
Good advice. Especially if you dry-burn SS316L, which is my main wire, ALWAYS wash it, rinse it very well. The final fire should be in temp control, no glowing. 

Hex Chrome can and will form once a glow has been reached, and that is water-dissoluble. 
Yeah :/ The deer was friendly
:) keep doing what you do
aww thanks how did you even know I needed one <3
Brilliant work. 
DAYMN
Cmon he wasn't bad at all :( So much hate
These are the important questions
These days, I am absolutely horrified by the police and would never trust them for anything. Overall, the older I get, the more I realize these people are enemies and potential murderers, led by a government who is infinitely more evil, but would never want to get its physical hands dirty in any way. A cop who is out there to help me, to understand me, sounds like a complete piece-of-shit fairy tale to me, or least something that happens depressingly rarely. I feel like they are out to kill in some places, out to rob and blackmail in others. 
nah, I think he's good
Yeah, what an asshole... 
It was one of the most hilarious moments ever. 'women, the system...' lmao
It's here btw 

https://www.fasttech.com/p/8067701
Haters are always gonna hate. 
Well-done!
This is the fucking best, thank you so much for making it :))
So it's like a triple 69 sandwich 
Yeah, absolutely, that random guy's bullshit, completely untrue and completely unproven statement is SO MUCH more reliable, source-filled and factual than a wikipedia article with, you know, actual sources and actual information. 

Stop wasting my time. 
We don't actually know the origin. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Origin_of_the_domestic_dog
Using tasers instead? Having some actual close quarters combat training that doesn't end with death? 
Yeah, especially when you know precisely how mentally unstable the person of interest is and knowingly enter their home with force without the preparation you absolutely must have in such a situation. Yeah, definitely completely no other way around murdering the mentally-ill person. I totally hear you.
We domesticated them.
No, I jokingly linked to another reddit comment. Please, I am not guilty of any seriousness whatsoever, don't threaten my family or anythin like that
Reddit comments :/

Edit: it seems my reddit degree has paid off fully, as this comment describes exactly why what CNN did IS illegal:

https://www.reddit.com/r/television/comments/6lbh08/cnn_discovers_identity_of_reddit_user_behind/djspyxz/
How is this not a crime? On CNN's end, I mean. Public threatening and blackmail?!?! What the fuck?!
Naaaa you are doing OK, man. More likely it is me who is failing im general haha

edit: I just realized that it seemed I'm saying you are failing, but it was meant for OP - he failed in the meme by placing non-expansions twice and adding WC3 games, which do not count as WoW expansions.
That's called "extremely lazy memeing" with obligatory "imadoingthisrightguyse?"

No, you've failed on at least 3 occasions in a single meme
You have a really weird thing going on with the word *their* over there... Or should I say over their? 
That part was on the verge of being hilarious. Instead, it was just cringy for me, lmao. He seemed so proud of himself for actually bedding a not-so-hot girl, as if that remarks a gentleman.

Don't be too hard on the guy, though, he will probably learn and eventually mature for real. He's showing some signs of progress already. 
If that worked and had any effect whatsoever we would have curbed corruption completely by now.

The right question is how and why have people across the planet allowed the 1% of worst scum to control them and manipulate them however they want to for thousands of years. And it keeps happening. The only logical answers is that humans deserve this and this is what they are getting. 
I was thinking the same. Even though it is not unheard of for a battery to go bad after 1.5 years of usage, I think it should still have some juice and the software state of the device is probably the problem. I still haven't done a factory reset after the 7 update (to keep my debloat intact) but I might do it soon because the battery life has turned worse for me as well. A factory reset, then a few days of waiting for the phone to adapt might have some good results.

The best possible result will come out of getting a rooted kernel and removing ALL bloatware completely, then limiting wakelocks. 
No use... you can't defeat fanboism. I own the G502, and as a lover of Logitech for so many years can safely say it sucks. 

There is an issue with the tracker that basically makes you die in any game that requires precision when it happens. To call this the best mouse is an overstatement at best, but more likely a complete lie.

Furthermore, the positioning of the side buttons can be terrible for some hands. 

My middle scroll wheel almost always clicks to the LEFT when I try to do a simple middle click. 

No spare plastic legs were included in my kit and the ones you get collect dust like crazy and might fall off.

Overall, the fact that my tracker is buggy is enough to make this mouse a terrible choice on its own. You think this issue could have been a one-time thing - [it's not](https://www.google.bg/search?q=g502+sensor+issue&oq=g502+sensor+issue&aqs=chrome..69i57j0.5598j0j7&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8). I researched it for a while and found numerous other complaints about the same thing.

I am very disappointed with my G502 purchase and am now considering getting a mouse that has actual quality - perhaps a ZOWIE model. 

Now let the downvotes flow. All these reports of the issue can't be true, right? Cause G502 is the best mouse ever, right? And when I die in FPS games because it glitches so often - I am imagining it. It's the best mouse, after all.
I am sorry for the loss of anyone who knew him. It sounds like he was a truly great guy and an amazing friend to anyone. 

I know it doesn't mean much but it is inspirational to read about how positive and generous this person was. Hopefully we can take example. 
Best comment around
Well... the watermark IS kind of distracting. Maybe the other OP was onto something when he/she removed them. 
god dammit
I am sorry about your loss and fully support the idea behind your wish. I hope FD help you out with this. 

Hang in there o7
Yeah, that's what I liked as well. I was curious, didn't just want to jump on the hate train, and then saw him conduct himself in a somewhat arrogant, but a pretty stable and reasonable way. He did offer explanations to anyone who seemed to be asking seriously. 

Also, some of the people that he debated were actually pretty shallow and, in fact, couldn't really understand what was being explained, but insisted on maintaining their positions regardless.
Damn, son. Good stuff.
The drawings kinda look like two huge dickheads coming out of the text. Checks out.
It's weird for me, I've just started trying out this technique.

I wake up ~5 hours after falling asleep and go to the toilet, then go back to bed and just tend to fall asleep almost instantly with no lucid dreaming of any sort. It feels like staying up for a long time (like 15-30 mins or even more) will put me in a state where I don't feel like sleeping again, but I guess I'll have to experiment a lot more, like it is with all others. 


Yep, RES dark mode is not working well on most custom sub styles, sadly. :/ 

Gladly, AndroidGaming has its own custom DARK MODE, which is great. But if you turn on the Global Res night mode, it ends up badly in many subs.


I really like asymmetric armor, it's splendid. To each his own, I suppose.
Native English speakers usually have better pronunciation but not better grammar skills. That's a terrible excuse. Just accept that for better or for worse, bad grammar will always be punished in reddit. 
Dongerino haters* :(
A lot of people don't remember that GW1 existed and that it had fully customizeable UI. You could re-position and re-size any part of the UI, including skill bar, health/mana bars, map, options buttons, target health bar, etc.

But to suggest that GW2 should have the same thing, being GW1's successor?? MADNESS!! CONTROVERSIAL!!!
It was modern at the time, makes sense.
Oh yeah, I just read about it. I understand now, thanks for pointing that out. Apartheid was an institutionalized, racist organization. 
I see. I thought cops actually need to have, you know, an actual reason to administer any kind of drug/alcohol testing. 

They don't seem to, which seems absurd. 

Nah, you didn't ruin anything. It was more than obvious that the soundtrack was added on top of the original video.

I was disappointed as soon as I watched it due to that fact. It's not your fault. :(

And it's also disappointing to see so many people grab onto the bait w/o questioning it.
That doesn't apply in Africa, my friend. The whites would be judged based on colour there.
No way, at that point the other police officers would have to arrest him.
Yeah, I wrote some general stuff on that topic over here:

https://www.reddit.com/r/SonyXperia/comments/4wlwda/improving_performance_as_soon_as_you_get_your/

It would help if you are still on Android 6, because Debloater and adb shell commands no longer work in Android 7.

EDIT: And if you are on Android 6, I **100%** recommend using Debloater and getting rid of some apps. First you do a Factory Reset on 6.x, then debloat your brand new OS as much as possible, and only then update to Android 7.  

In the case of Android 7, drastic improvement can be achieved in manners, which are so convoluted that I would not really recommend them to a new Android user. Unless you are very familiar with linux kernel, of course.

On stock, I would first try to remove/disable any app that I do not use, or do not plan to use in the future. I'd make sure to correct all settings, such as:

* turning wi-fi scanning off
* turning location off when not needed
* using lower brightness levels when possible and controlling it manually (auto off)
* using wifi over 3g when possible
* choosing 3g in general over LTE
* flushing cache every now and then
* never installing apps on the SD card
* turning most notifications to silent mode
* stopping game notifications completely - these can be super spammy
* using a lightweight Home Launcher (like [this](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ohi.andre.consolelauncher&hl=en), although I personally use Nova Prime)
* doing a factory reset after each major update - IF you do not plan to root

If you are still on Android 6, I strongly suggest researching rooting methods and abusing the exploits that are possible on that OS, but only IF you feel comfortable with the complex process. If not - avoid trying to root. Once on 7.x, rooting becomes a huge pain in the ass. Think about whether you want to do it. A very good starting point to get an idea of the process is [THIS THREAD](https://forum.xda-developers.com/z5-compact/general/guide-how-to-root-z5c-painful-using-t3549388).

Benefits of rooting and modifying your phone are that you can get a battery drain close to 0.03% per hour. In Ultra Stamina mode, in full standby mode without usage, your phone in that scenario should last about 25 days, less or even more, if all modifications are done correctly. The way I see it, if you also want to retain good graphics performance for gaming, it will be less, but still a LOT more than what you get on stock. 
Agreed on that. But rarely does a newbie vaper start off with the very best stuff. For OPs second mod, I vote for DNA chips :)
That still sounds completely absurd to me. They should NOT be able to confiscate a mod. A mod is a battery holder that produces electricity from the batteries. 

If they confiscate mine I would, for example, make a case that I use this device for battery testing purposes. A DNA device has all those graphs and research modes in the software. How exactly can that be confiscated legally, even after the new regulations?
Any mod can break and not many actually do. 
I wouldn't say it's normal. I will say Sony/Google are trying to make it seem normal.

It's actually messed up. A rooted, debloated device should be draining less than 0.1% battery per hour. All devices should be like that out of the box... But they cripple them with battery-draining services and wakelocks, even if you turn off location. 
"This is normal and accepted by the indstry!" 

Rofl, next to a few images that show how Apple and Samsung cameras have NO such issues, or the distortion there is negligible.

Classic Sony. I am actually surprised they even responded at all.
Any info about Z5/Z5c?
damn, son! good work
I think not just the mods, but a lot of other people support this idea. Only it will likely not be on Reddit. Reddit still has to follow the laws in order to protect itself as a whole.

But... I imagine there are other things, like third party online forums, chat rooms, etc., where you would be able to get some info. Just avoid the official ECR telegram group, it's full of donkeys. 
Yeah, but Jimmy sure knows Chuck's last words towards him.
I understand you might be in a bad financial spot right now, but do consider getting into RBA (rebuildable atomizers) and wrapping your own coils. This is, in absolute fact, the cheaper alternative. The price of one pack of 5 pre-made coils is almost equal to the price of 15 meters, or more, of normal wire you can order from sites like Fasttech. 15m will last you many years of normal vaping if you swap coils every week or 2 weeks. 


I've never cleaned a pre-made coil but it might be worth to follow the advice and let it soak in purified water, although I cannot foresee this working well. In fact, it will probably mess up the coil and give you a horrific experience during the first few drags, but it might break down again after that and become better.

All in all, it's best to have a reliable atomizer you can build on yourself, which will give you full control and reduce your expenses. The only downside is the learning curve, but I believe it's not that hard at all and quite worth your while. 


Amazing work :)
Thanks for linking my thread :P Appreciated

On Nougat - no, sadly all working debloat methods have been sanitized by Google. :( 

The best thing you can do now if you want Nougat is to use Debloater on 
a freshly factory reset 6.0.1 or earlier, and then, only then upgrade to Nougat. Afterwards, the only way to debloat things like What's New or small apps is to have root privileges. 

Funnily enough, I still haven't factory reset my phone even once since upgrading to 7.0 because I don't want to root it now, or to have all my bloatware active again w/o an option to hide or disable. 

edit: BTW, Small Apps on Nougat was done in much better way. You have two text-only buttons at the top of Recent apps - Small Apps and Clear All. They made this so much better vs Android 5 and 6, where the clear all button is at the bottom right, getting in your way, and small apps took a WHOLE lane on the bottom. In 7 that's really cleaned up and much more like the stock android experience, which I really liked.

[Like this. ](http://i.imgur.com/1pkU363.png)
Sony's apps are actually not bad at all. Their keyboard also has one of those "classic" looks, which seem to be going away now. 

But I must say that What's New kills the deal for me. I don't like anything being forced to me as an Android user so I won't use any of their apps at all. 

Google Apps are all you need and they are already made to work pretty well on any Android device. 
Couldn't even say if it's the money in particular, but you are right about her ignoring what matters and literally going on some quest to destroy the views that her fans hold of her. It sure worked for me. I have no interest in her anymore, and it actually made me more interested in PDP because he simply feels genuine to me. I wouldn't disagree that he might be the most, or one of the most self-aware content creators right now. 

I don't enjoy every single vid he makes, but I appreciate his effort and feel like I can actually understand what he's trying to say. It's been something many of us have known ever since entering early teenage years - that the world is pretty hypocritical, or MOSTLY so. Actually, humans in particular are the most hypocritical thing that has ever existed on this planet, I think. He's just playing on that card, pointing this fact in hilarious ways. 
It's real and she had at some point admitted to finding it "arousing", or something in those lines. 

edit: Which is absolutely OK, by the way. I also find Nazi attire to be very attractive and could absolutely understand why it might be a fetish for someone to dress-up like that. Only By HER OWN logic, she is an actual neo-nazi supporter for doing this. :) The irony is so strong, it tingles my butthole.

Ultimately, I wouldn't ever judge anyone over such factors, but we can all see (with good proof) that she would and she does. Not only that, but she also riles up her own fanbase in accordance with her own narrative (sadly, not harry potter this time). Fan away, fans. 


I was away for ~3 months... what did I miss? :O
It really depends how you perceive his content. I don't know about years ago, but to me, it seems that his satire is spot on right now. He's ridiculing the current state of the media in his own way and if you watch a handful of clips surrounding the Nazi drama you'll see that he's just trying to make a point, but at the same time does not take himself seriously at all, which is a huge factor. If you start taking him too seriously, you will probably be disappointed.

But I watch him casually and usually end up laughing a lot because I can sympathise with his situation. In his shoes, I would have probably given in to the media at some point, specifically if I was getting such cosmic amounts of hatred and lies coming my way on a daily basis... Yet, he manages to be self-ironic, to ridicule himself most of all and to point out how petty these media outlets are in reality. I feel like he accomplished that to some extend, or at least in my books he managed to do that. 

They hit him pretty hard. Imagine your favourite childhood author talking such shit about you in front of all her fans... It would probably affect me really badly as I have always been a fan of the HP books and films, and because I know I am capable of making the exact same jokes, or even worse, but that does not make me a bad person in any way. I would extend my hand to anyone who asks if I am capable at the time and that does in no way exclude the possibility to make extremely offensive jokes.

That is why context matters. Anyone's words can sound horribly, terribly bad when taken out of context by manipulative people.
I beg to differ. CONTEXT does actually matter. Context is everything when it comes to communication. JKR ignored the context completely.
Yeah, pretty much, and how she proclaimed him as a neo-nazi leader, more or less.

A person who is so incapable of detecting satire and so quick to send her fan's wrath towards an innocent person is not good, not intelligent or anything that deserves praise.

Imagine what might happen if some of her fans took this more seriously and started venturing on personal vendetta quests against PDP in real life.

This has already happened before! Even DaddyO'Five's piece of shit channel has a FOLLOWING of fans, and someone infiltrated their closed group and found videos of Do5 fans, dressed almost like ISIS, in masks, claiming they are coming for Phillip DeFranco.

People must realize how dangerous is to rile up your fanbase against other, potentially innocent people. And JKR is a dangerous idiot for not even taking this into consideration. She has millions, or billions of fans that will take her word at face value, as stupid and uninformed as it may be.
Yeah, him. Actually, I was never an original PDP fan ever since he arose as an online persona and never particularly liked him.

But recently I started watching him and his new style speaks to me. The whole "pewdiepie is a nazi supporter" thing was witnessed by me as it occurred - in fact, the "death to all jews" video was one of the funniest things I've ever seen... I completely sympathise with the holocaust victims and find nothing funny about the topic (I usually tear up pretty badly when reading the details about those times), but the fact that those guys actually made the video with the sign, the fact that PDP did not believe even for a second they would do it... it was just a funny joke, be it in very bad taste.

JKR, though, she wouldn't have any of it and basically publicly shamed PDP as being a nazi supporter (ironically, given that photo with her fetish uniform). He soon after got "fired" from Disney, which was his next big thing. Not that I think it matters much.

The point is that such a person (JKR) cannot be deemed as a "good" or even as an intelligent person and it was a very shitty experience seeing her act in such stupid ways. I used to really respect her but now I have none for her. And a LOT of respect for Pewdiepie and how he handled the whole thing without breaking down.

edit: sources - 

https://twitter.com/jk_rowling/status/831514821174648833?lang=en

https://www.dailystormer.com/j-k-rowling-believes-pewdiepie-is-conducting-esoteric-hitlerist-magic-for-some-reason/
https://i.ytimg.com/vi/wzGz0C-jQYg/maxresdefault.jpg

You're getting downvoted but her own photos speak otherwise

It's funny how reddit forgot what kind of an insane bitch that woman as and is back to praising her again. She tried to ruin an honest man's career over absolutely wrong accusations.

Fuck JK Rowling and fuck anyone who still supports her as a human being. I like Harry Potter as it's hard not to, but at this point I want nothing to do with her in particular, or her dangerous world views. 


Oh yeah, and the work she did against PewDiePie's Nazi Political Party was amazing! She really changes lives and is a very intelligent person with absolutely legitimate ways of understanding what she is talking about!! 

edit: A huge thanks to all those downvoters. Proved my point exactly as I expected you to and I thank you for that. Fans do not see reality as it is. It does not fit their narrative. The reality of JKR being a complete b*tch to people who did not deserve it is lost on most of you, but it still IS a reality.  
This sub is great and has the best moderation and discussions that are protected by said moderators *cough* send help *cough*
I knew about them doing this to innocent players ever since that ban fiasco from a couple of years ago occurred. They would ban innocent people only because they were in the same lobby with a cheater.

Fuck that company, I will never give them a single dime. They think they can milk us forever. We were young, poor gamers years ago. Now we are employed, we make decent money and we can afford to buy their games w/o a second thought. But we won't. Because they are pieces of shit.

My biggest advice for anyone wanting to play gta5?? Ah, if only we knew how magnets worked! ;)

A company willing to fuck off such a large number of their fair players, their own fanbase that loves their games... FUCK THAT COMPANY.
It really depends, but I wouldn't trade my premium Z5c for a mid-range XC, even if the XC is about 1 year younger. 

Z5C just has that 'expensive' feel in your hand, the frosted glass on the back is simply spectacular to look at and touch. The plastic frame is actually a plus - I dropped the phones 3 times and it is not damaged at all. A metal frame could shatter the glass panels with one simple drop just like that, because it has no flexibility, or much less than the plastic has.

IT is also fully waterproof as you said, has FASTER ram, be it 1 GB less, it is still FASTER, and that matters.

The cpu can produce a lot of heat (esp in some bugged models - this is not normal for all z5c units!! mine does NOT overheat for no reason, ever) but it still FASTER than XCs cpu.

Overall, Z5C is the actually good-looking, fast-performing Z-line device, while XC has a cheap feeling when you use it. I've used both and that was my impression.

Ultimately, as I said before, I believe Galaxy S8 (smaller model) blows all sony devices out of the water with one swing. 
It shows their true colors, the wankers...
No worries -thank you for being a very reasonable person :)
That second comment is not mine at all. Check yoself :p
If you advocate XC is bad in this forum, you will get flamed by the fanboys. Been there, done that.

People still think XC is flagship. It never was -_-

XC is a MIDRANGE device and somehow people got convinced it should be performing as a Z5.

I also recommend Z5c over XC any day, any time. XC would be good if 100$ cheaper. 

Z5C is old by now. Mine is acting in an impressively stable way. Battery life has declined, but this baby is the best small phone I could find at the time, better than XC, but less efficient due to the SD 810 SoC.

In any case, I would never buy a XC right now, nor Z5c. I would wait for the next compact phone, probably coming in September. It will have 3gb or 4gb of ram and SD 835. In the same size of a body.

That grabbed my interest, anything else from Sony at this point is a bad purchase.

You are much better off buying Galaxy S8.

Trust me. Buy an S8 and you will have about the SAME width of the phone, it fits PERFECTLY in the hand, I was at awe when I held one. Just like my Z5c, but thinner and taller, and an actual BEAST of a device. Only downside is the hefty price tag.

I cannot afford it. If I could, it's bye bye Sony w/o even a second thought. Samsung got the dimensions perfectly right this time when it comes to holding the phone in your hand. Only their finger scanner is a bit weirdly positioned. 
I am saying you are mad to allow a minority of assholes ruin your fun. I understand your frustration but you are better off being able to enjoy yourself despite of such issues.
You are being way too reasonable for these fake justice warriors.. It pains me to see how brainwashed modern kids are, to defend these companies right now in such a manner. I pay, therefore my voice will be respected by the company I am paying. A hard idea to grasp for these kiddos. And yes, if I buy a game I should own ALL OF IT.
If that "ruined your game" you might consider growing up and coming up with safer ways to have fun
Yeah, it is overpriced but not expensive. 

I've also got a 250 pack of Puff... This bag will last me forever, and a bit more, lmao.

The bacon I've been using wasn't even purchased by me - a colleague gifted me some amount to try it. I also ordered "Kendo black gold", but I am quite sure this is the exact same medical cotton stuff. Will see when it arrives.

All in all, the biggest point here is that anyone can test these things without much effort, and gain actual results, actual answers. :)
Well, cotton buds have existed for a very, very long time.

Of course, I agree and am not saying the organic japanese sheets are not usable. I love them and have used them for 3 years now, so I cannot disrespect them in any way.

The medical cotton, though, just seems to wick better and to break in much faster, that's it. It's actually harder to work with.

I was just saying that some people are so quick to judge, that it has become ridiculous.

I actually thank you for backing me up, because it's just strange to see disagreement on something that is a fact.

Bacon is overpriced, fact as well. Just buy medicinal cotton, it shoul be virtually the same thing.

If the cotton is white - it was 100% chemically treated. Don't make mistake there. So even medical cotton is not pure. 
Every modern internettor, basically. Full of shit which he cannot explain. The point for these kids is not to explain, it is to be full of shit.
The difference is not only the break in time, but also the wicking properties.

This type of cotton lasts twice as much longer before getting deeply colored by gunk and juice, and actually wicks faster. 

This has been tested by me and others already and has been proven. The wicking properties can be tested if you level a sheet of paper over a liquid container, then pull down 4 strains of cotton through holes in the paper. See which hole does the liquid climb to the fastest (the answer is bacon v2). 

And I personally confirmed for myself that my wicks with the exact same liquid and build now last 1.5 - twice as long before they become gunky as hell. I can basically go 10 days with one wick now, as opposed to ~6 days before with this particular kind of juice. 

But hey, I'm sure the ECR reddit community is ready to call me a retarded idiot and ban me, as they usually do when someone speaks a truth they do not like. Not referring to you at all btw, but the previous guy that commented on my posts and made miserable attempts to offend me due to this opinion. Hilarious stuff, meanwhile I am sitting here, vaping my superior wick. 
I rather be goofy than a backwards fuck like yourself
my life is a lie :(
C'mon, you KNOW everyone is going to murder everyone, but not before everyone else commits suicide, or dies of internal bleeding first!
Early celebration is always a bad sign :( 

And, after all, he somehow needs to get involved with Gus.
You mean his 2003 PC?
They knew how those scenes would affect us, as most of us likely imagined it was our own grandmothers in her shoes, which felt even more terrible... Overall, an incredibly strong performance and a great moment to call a turning point.
Maybe he meant crutch, but a [clutch](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clutch) would also work in the same context, wouldn't it?
Implying there is no control whatsoever in any of life, only the illusion of it. Stupid? Keep on keeping on. To each his own way of understanding how things work. 
New rooms are great, agreed. Definitely added more character to the level design and more "realism" if you will. 

There was only one time where I was 100% unable to find a key for a locked door and there wasn't a jump room on the previous floor, so there could be bugs with it, still, but the updates are so often that it might already be a non-issue. 
Thanks for lettings us know.

I started enjoying the YAPD mechanics recently. They feel grittier and a bit more "realistic", if it is possible to use that word, haha. In my view, your best coarse of action is to continue on this path, making it a bit more complex and interesting, adding very different, but well-thought mechanics. 

I will likely throw in some support soon, thanks for your work so far and keep it up if you can :)
Nah he just wanted to say that you are not in control of his life! He is in full control, or at least likes to upkeep the illusion of such control. 

Meanwhile people will continue to spend money w/o a second thought, so no worries there.
You are not worth my time. You repeated the same crap again, crap I already mentioned myself. You are an actual idiot. Please do not respond to me ever again, but no worries I will RES block you. Thank god I did not have to rely on phony little users like you to understand vaping.
Sure thing, I am the idiot by the default because I don't agree with your theorised bs. After 3 years of actually trying out things for myself and actually finding the right answers, I understood one thing very well - online vaping communities tend to be good for new vapers if they want to learn the basics somewhat, but terrible for people who actually know their salt. Because situations like this always occur and theory-loving users come in and start throwing their dicks around, ultimately offending people (like you just called me an idiot - me, a person who obviously understand this matter more than you do). That's your game, and hopefully you have the potential to grasp what I just said. You expose your theoretical knowledge, then you call people idiots when they ultimately disagree, being people who TESTED things on their own, who got actual practical results and don't rely on what they were told by others, or only what they read online.

Thanks for enlightening me, but I'll have to pass and stick with what I know. I've met **more than enough** "old timer" users who don't know jack shit and simply reach the low levels of offending and threatening other users who **do** know more, because they believe vaping for 6+ years magically makes them knowledgeable. 

Don't "sorry, bro" me, because you didn't even take the time to read what I said. Had you done so, you would have read the part where I agree this price is a rip-off... But you didn't, apparently. 

It really doesn't matter how much time you spent vaping. What matters is what kind of testing you did and how did you come to your conclusions. I came to my conclusions after trying stuff for quite a number of times, in different variations, until I knew what's what and what's not. 

I also already mentioned that Cotton Bacon is highly likely simple medicinal cotton, but thanks for repeating that as well. 

And if you recommend rayon to someone who likes organic cotton, it just goes on to show how much you know what you are talking about. 
Difference between us is that I actually try the things I suggest. I have wicked with sanitarised latex gloves already and still got that abundant cotton taste from japanese organic pads. I always wash my hands as well. 

Your advice just doesn't solve the issue. Only different types of cotton do.
It really doesn't matter which one we have, as long as they are not both... But they had to clone the system, come up with another made -up currency. All of that is greed-based work, that should have went in the direction of actually making the game better. 

Instead, they just stretch it out as much as possible... I can't feel any progress even at the lower levels while only playing with light fighters. Even after being in the top 3, it feels like a very long run.

I would have kept the original system and just added more items to the game for players to buy and reach, including planes. Then we could have players deeply unlock much more than just one, or two nations. I'd still leave a lot of grind for the jets in particular, as they should feel like endgame rewards, but anything much lower shouldn't feel like a tedious chore. 

I think gameplay should be rewarded with even more gameplay, and not limitations. That kind of system would, in fact, welcome me to spend money on it, as I would know I am not getting ripped off at each step and not being forced into the decision of paying for something extra. And that's why I spend a considerable amount of money on a game like GW2 (bought the game, the expac, and several items from the store), but never spent a dime on War Thunder. The gw2 system simply made life much easier around its edges, while not giving any particular gameplay advantage in pvp, or in general. 

Ultimately it seems this forceful p2w model is working but I truly wish this started changing towards a more win-win model that benefits both the players and the devs. 
The Research system did not use to exist at all. It was added a couple of years ago, or more, to only be an additional paywall. In the past, you had to buy the planes to unlock the next ones, that was it. Overall, there was a window of time with this game a few years ago where progression was perfectly balanced. You could FEEL getting closer to the next plane each day as opposed to now, where you feel it will take weeks. Not everyone wants to play with bombers at all to grind for lions, and that shouldn't be necessary. 

All in all, Gaijin know that this is the best MP plane-fighting game around and they also knew this dramatic increase in grind and progression times would simply be accepted. Of course, there was a community outrage but eventually people forgot about it. 
At this point WT is always in the high tier of most played games on Steam. I don't think Gaijin give any kind of crap whatsoever about how you, me, or anyone else feels about balance changes that were introduced a few years ago. At some point they simply multiplied the grind on everything extensively, more than x2 than before, and we just had to go for it.

There is only one thing you can do, and that thing is to never spend money on the game. Enjoy it as a free product and that's it. Do not give into buying GE or anything like that. 

If Gaijin had a drop of actual love for their fanbase, they would have changed this hellspawn system a long time ago, or never introduce it in the first place (especially the shitty, solely grind-based research system that had no place in this game to begin with and was added exclusively to f*ck with us and force us into p2w waters).
This was a person who acted in terrible, dangerous ways ever since being a KID. One of his caretakers claimed he was only capable of feeling anger (unlikely but it was definitely a good sign). 

And ultimately this person was sent to live with his biological father who taught him to use guns and make bombs. 

What kind of a retarded story is this?? I don't know but it sure wouldn't happen if this person was actually sent to a mental institution when the time was right and was left there until any actual improvement was shown, or just locked there.

Should we feel any pity for this guy knowing he straight up murdered so many innocent people who had "smart mouths". I wish him some kind of retribution, somehow, but nothing will return these people back to life. The only thing that could have been done was not done at all and it is completely blamable on the USA law/rehabilitation services. 
That would be extremely lucky... My guess would be potential significant damage to the backbone and potential fractures, internal bleeding, and/or concussion from the last faceplant to the ground. 
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/video/news/video-1391647/Sheep-attack-shepherd-frightened-car-Germany.html

Full video can be found here.

He/She does actually get up again after that "kill shot", but it is unclear what the consequences are. 
It's hard to measure in days and easier to measure in amount of coils made. I started feeling comfortable with rebuilding after my 2nd and 3rd coils. 

The only real, true challenge was making my very first coil on a Russian 91% clone. After making a couple more it all started feeling more natural and not so scary. Today, after 2-3 years, I can still attribute my coil-making success to those first handful of attempts. 

The biggest part of it was the decision to stay CALM and not take this as some kind of a chore, but more like an experience that relaxes me, almost like meditation. Might sound ridiculous, but I had bloodies my hands on the 1st attempt and had to re-install the older coil that my buddy made for me - I completely failed and got very nervous and shaky during the whole process because I was afraid of failing as I did not want to touch a cigarette again. But then, the next tries were such a relaxing process only because I decided to be relaxed about it and to not rush in any case, to just take my time and enjoy myself.

At that point it was clear I would never go after a coil jig because wrapping and installing coils simply became almost completely pleasurable and relaxing. 
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DBeNRoRWAAE25NG.jpg

ROFL. From the twitter comments
That's true. I really used the wrong word here. 

Suppose there is truly no evil, or good in this world - let's agree that these two are human-made concepts. Still, we can divide things generally into a side of pleasure, and a side of pain. I suppose we should be uniting against individuals who incite pain and suffering on a grand scale. Everyone does it on a personal scale in their personal lives, but not everyone does it to the whole fucking planet. 

Unite against pain-producers and make a world of mostly pleasure. That's what I personally want to see. Of course, it is bound to be an opinion of just some guy, it can't be anything more than that by design, and this applies to all of us. At best, you can meet people that "speak to you" in a deeper way, but ultimately they are also just other humans, not the final word.

I guess this is the reason we came up with these systems and "democracies", yet human nature is tough to crack. You can't change a person's past and that's *usually* the most major reason as to why someone would do extremely painful things to others, or the planet as a whole. BUT, we can start taking action to make sure that the past of future humans is not shite af. Basically, we should be doing the opposite of what is being done now (which is destruction of the environment and morale on a planetary scale).
Exactly. The most atrocious wrongdoers are usually not the masses, but those above them, who will be mostly protected and taken care of no matter what happens to their countries. 

It's time for people to wake up and stop hating on each other. And actually start hating and taking down corrupt governments that show no sign of improvement. But I bet you people will instead hate each other between their respective communities and not unite against evil all over the world any time soon, if EVER. 
Getting rich. And yeah, as many others mentioned - most of these fucks are hypocrites, they are made out of hypocritical atoms and molecules. It's hilarious. 
Thank you, that's a splendid diagram 
We forgive you, though, no worries
He's not, it's actually a terrible excuse. People tend to be better at their secondary languages. You just didn't study the basics properly if you believe a combination like '...a the...' can be used in any sentence. :P
The SC app is atrocious and made with malicious intent. The idea is to force you into using the app by ALL MEANS POSSIBLE.

This includes:
- Removing the option to repeat - you have to manually open the app and replay the track on your own
- Removing the option to download a tune - you will always have to go to the app and listen from there rather than d/loading the file onto your phone
- Removing the ability to open soundcloud URLS normally on mobile browsers - they tend to FORCE you w/o any option to decline into the play store with a download link for the SC app, or links directly open into the SC app if you have it installed. 

Shit like this is why I use 3 browsers on my phone, to be able to get around artificial limitations by changing the browser if possible.

Honestly, fuck Souncloud for doing this. I have been a creator there for 6 years and I am saying this with a heavy heart, but I am saying it nevertheless.

Soundcloud, you seem to hate us, users and creators, and you seem to REALLY, really want us to move away. As I am going to do. Uninstalled the app for good today and have no plans to return there.

Thanks for letting me host some audio files publicly, soundcloud, but other than that you are no longer relevant, logical or useful. 
It was definitely interesting and I feel it can be applied in almost all other professions. The decision-making process can be so tailored towards a specific situation that it might seem completely outrageous to an outside. At the same time, it could follow perfect logic. 

It's really all just a huge point towards what kind of a nuisance Trump is and how difficult it must be to really work with him at this stage of his life. Maybe he was a cool dude at some point, but now it feels like he needs help. At least some therapy, or something.
That's a fair point and I don't believe 100% of all lawyers will act in the same way. That was a very broad generalization that I did previously. 



I trust you, it's just fun for these users to advance their agenda and re-assure their same exact thought patterns as any other day. In this case they project stuff onto the lawyers, who really do just want to get paid. Anyone who thinks a lawyer will blow off the opportunity to work for a rich AF president that pays is wrong.
> Please don't start arguments, we're not in kindergarden anymore.

What the f*ck are you talking about? Are you suggesting that starting arguments is something only kids do? I honestly can't comment anything else on this, it's really one of the most nonsensical things I've ever read on reddit.

That "wet taste" you are talking about - I mean wetting your cotton with e-liquid, then vaping it straight after, which everyone tends to do - it's called wicking and priming. Your research has no value if you honestly believe I am the first one to talk about cotton taste with organic japanese cotton sheets. I don't know what you did, but it wasn't research to say the least. 

Everyone, literally everyone who has any sense of smell will taste the cotton taste. After going through hundreds of cotton pads by Muji, KGD and Puff (probably not in the actual hundreds for each type but I already went through 50ish KGD, 50+ Muji and now I am on a roll with Puff, which seems to be the worst in terms of initial cotton taste and break in time), I can absolutely confirm that each and every one of those pads have initial cotton taste and a relatively long break-in period. Two issues, that are NOT PRESENT in the cotton bacon v2. Which I never said was NOT overpriced. It is overpriced, lmao, how else are they going to make money out of novelty vaping products?? 

What bacon cotton v2 is, is a medical-grade cotton, nothing more complex than that. But it also has NO cotton taste when you start vaping it, right after wetting the cotton and re-building your atomizer. 

Don't tell me to not start arguments, I will start arguments whenever, however, and wherever I want to in the case where I believe I am right about something and someone else is wrong about something else, as it is in this case. Do better research, then come back and talk back like you did. Until you do that, I have the high ground, Anakin. After all, I have tested all of these cotton types myself, multiple times with multiple atomizers and flavors. Maybe it will sound arrogant (what doesn't sound arrogant to redditors these days?) but it is a fact. You can and you SHOULD test this for yourself. There is no "research" you can pull out that will change what I have already found out to be a fact.
True nobility is a made-up concept, it has nothing to do with reality, just a thing people choose to do/believe in, for you are as noble as the pig in your back yard.
She was obviously a complete bitch, not worth Blink 182's time at all
Don't use it as an excuse
finally, someone who understands the advice properly 
Oh my, this one looks like the one I am looking for. I really can't wait to see it released. We've been put on hold for any kind of FTL-like game for Android for too long now. Hopefully this one saves the day. I bought their previous Battlevoid game and did not regret it.
But then you have context. That hidden feature of any body of text.
Me too thanks. I also love curating misleading information
Tobeco, SXK, sjmy, all of these clone types are far better options than the original. No atomizer is really worth 100 euro + and I know this after being the owner of more than 15 atomizers, of which almost all authentic. 30-35$ is the highest price you should be willing to spend on an atomizer. At that price range, your atty should be flawless. Basically, check Steam Crave atomizers and their prices/quality/parts given in the kits. Absolutely no comparison with the cheap little KF5 box that has almost nothing but a metal atty with a piece of glass. 

So, have 0 regrets and buy the clone. The tobeco clone is the best possible one you can get, but is not that easy to come by. Fasttech offers SXK and sjmy. Tobeco's worth like 30$ anyhow and it does not fall behind the original in any way whatsoever. In fact, I will venture as far as to say that it it surpasses the original, which supposedly has issues with fluctuating resistance - an issue I have never had with my KF5 tobeco clone. ;)


Sure thing but this is misleading. This is by no means the cotton lord savior. Puff has the MOST lingering "cotton taste" of all three popular brands - KGD, Muji, Puff.

You basically recommended the worst of the 3.

Cotton Bacon v2 has NO cotton taste when you wet it and first vape it and that's that.

I'm not saying it is somehow better or superior, I'm just saying it doesn't have the shitty chemical cotton taste and that already automatically makes it a better choice for me.


not everything... :(
I never said anything about google backing up data of every app, just said that I use the google account sync. It states what it saves explicitly in the sync options where anyone can check what gets backed up. 
https://forum.xda-developers.com/z5-compact/general/guide-how-to-root-z5c-painful-using-t3549388
I never got that joke, can anyone explain? :|
Z5C has been a very interesting experience for me. I expected the worst, but got something quite decent.

There was no stutter AT ALL in 6.0.1. Then, in Nougat the performance was even better... Then I tried non-root hibernation apps (Greenify), gave it some permissions and ever since my phone got a bit slower, started draining battery faster and started waking up with a delay. 

So the phone is not faulty. I even dropped it 3 times on marble/concrete and it did not break. o_o I was shocked. Falls on the front panel each time due to the heavier glass protector and on the 3d time the protector broke a tiny bit around two corners. Phone still works well...

My plan to make it faster than stock is to soon roll back to android 6, backup DRM keys, then flash a custom 7.x rom with custom recovery and DRM restore. Root it, debloat EVERYTHING, then tweak cpu governor with some kernel auditor and tweak it until happy.

Custom rom is not even required, but a downgrade is a must if you want to backup DRM keys.

I believe once that process is done correctly, the phone will be extremely fast with a battery life that lasts a month in standby, days with normal usage and at last a couple of days with heavier usage.
Check your OS options again, it really shouldn't hibernate unless you told it to.

If it's a laptop, check your performance profiles. You may think you are using one profile while another is active in reality. If you plugged the cable in, you must configure all (while plugged in) options, etc.

Once you are sure the PC does not enter any kind of hibernation, try the process again.

If that fails, you might want to try backing up directly through the phone into your SD card if you have one. 

And my method is a bit different - I simply use my google account and also backup the profile of Nova launcher. That's all I really need to be honest. Backing up txt messages and call logs is not huge, but if you REALLY need those, maybe you can backup JUST them, and leave all else to the google syncing technology, then manually backup your media (pics, vids, etc) by copy/pasting.

you've got much to learn about the internets
This would be so awesome! I just ordered two 5ml atties this month from FT and am eager to see what happens. Hopefully, everything will go as usual. 
This is called being extremely misleading ;)
Let the man verbally attack in any way he wants. Chill the hell out with your higher moral ground. Yeah, trump is fucking ugly. Today is not the day I'm gonna be ashamed of stating a blunt opinion. I can and will continue to do that. Fuck his chin. Are you gonna stop me from saying that? I can't see that happening. 
RIP that monitor ;(
Can you guarantee the essential phone will not have such problems? Being a new kid, I expect it to fail quite epicly

edit: no, you cannot, you could only downvote. That summarises your ability to defend this phone. Basic fanboism. 
He had such a bright future, dammit
reddit, the land of the all-knowing idiots
A kid MUST find all material interesting, even if it is mediated in the most dry, boring and disengaging way possible. 
Any kid that doesn't automatically love and absorb the content taught to them is a little piece of shit. A teacher is NEVER supposed to make the material interesting, that is 100% down to the kid.
Fucking get rid of this piece of shit already.
it really gets us hard, like the slow rick and morty ramp
AUTO BAN for a few hours/days on each TK. Yes, mistakes will hurt. But mostly assholes will be hurt. ;) I want to have TK in, but people who do it for fun must be singled out and removed from the community in any possible way. I only do this kind of thing for revenge. Once someone does it to me. Because there is nothing else to punish them. A few lost silver lions, oh my.

Second, even BETTER way:

As soon as you TK, you get "marked". After you get marked, ANY team player can kill you without any consequences for them in the current game, or without them getting marked. I fucking like the sound of that. 
Trump is not the problem, not even AT ALL. And he is winning automatically when you believe that he is the actual problem.


No, the actual fucking problem is that it is possible to do this type of damage as a single man with a lot of connections. The real problems are all those hundreds, thousands of people who stand behind Trump and enable him. If you think getting rid of him will fix anything, that's cute. 

No, you have to eradicate corruption from the whole planet in order to fix this problem. 
AFAIK you have a whole religion that has concentration/prison camps for people who refuse to abide to Scientology, who were somehow dragged into it in the first place. And that has been completely washed off by your gov and the people running it are living happy lives. 
Send people to take their oil 
Henryk*
If specs was the only thing that defined value, then yes. But that's not how the real world works. 
Agreed, this can work if the coils are actually two and if each wire has two separate wrapped zones that act as individual coils, but are part of the same wire.
crazy how these things work! I saw it instantly... on other occasions I also look for years
I completely understand you. Same shit over here. It's not so much that you cannot clean up a few sections of your life, but more about not having an actual reason to do it. An actual reason to take care of yourself, to treat yourself like you love yourself. It's very hard to come up with such reasons for some people, for some reason. Others tend to find meaning for their lives faster and then they look at us in dismay, not knowing what to say, or why what they say changes nothing.

There isn't any good advice I can give you, other than to maybe consider the fact that sometimes you have to do things without any reward at all. So that in a few months, a few years, when you "meet your life" for real, so that you are ready then. 
[REMOVED]
This just shows they are more direct and careless about showing you how calculated their planned obsolescence is. They know exactly at what point the devices will break down and want to make sure you cannot go around this limitation. 
So... can someone explain to me what the differences are between the "Swastika type of incident" and the "Anti-Semitic type of incident" described in the article?
Just to note, they didn't actually decrypt any files as the virus wasn't so sophisticated to be able to do that on its own
thank you, this is brilliantly hilarious 
And people bitch about pretty much anything, so whoever cares can be my guest
No worries man, I automatically read the title as "Three" w/o even knowing what's on the image, and then had to wonder what the top comment meant for a while.
Come on, it super-works 
That's fucking hilarious, thanks for sharing the story 
I am sure it can perform well. But my eyes are on Azeroth now. Triple coil postless deck is bound to be a complete flavor machine! But it will require more wattage than i am used to and it might be time to get a dual battery dna device. Dna75 will be on the verge with 3 coils...
Nah, I proved my point and then you even helped some
exactly
Maybe I am, maybe I'm not, but I am definitely nothing even remotely close to you (**thankfully**)
Don't tell me what I did and didn't say, nor should you tell me what to the best at. You pretentious little ~~fucker~~ hypocrite.

You just told me what to do, whereas I never told you anything, you bla bla bla hurr durr dewpty dew
Yeah, hands down, George is one of my top fav guys and I don't even know the guy personally in any way. I just really, really like the way he conducts himself and the videos he makes, the variety of it all, and the fact that it's been progressing to a much better quality and will likely continue to do so.

Then, one day, FilthyFrank will be the next Conan show and we will have to look for other street heroes. ;(  
Nah, our justice-comments tipped the scales, -5 now 
Indeed, but look at the other names involved. They took his joke raps and re-mixed them to be full-fledged, proper EDM tunes. I don't even like brostep but Getter's style is something I kind of enjoy. All of these guys combined just results in extremely good music (in my opinion, of course). 
Thank you, I needed to hear others saying this line so that I know I'm not crazy. 

Android O emojis are so bad, that whoever designed them and pushed them should really be given a different project to work at. Something less related to google products, I hope... 

The blobs are unique and great, they needed no change. Add new ones, don't take the blobs away. But no, they have to add the new, over-designed, GIMP-made-looking emojis and take away the old ones. 

In fact, even the "Flattened" version of these A O emojis that someone posted were a million times better than what google showed us. :(
It's alright as it is. 
Indeed. Users automatically upvoted this wiki snippet as if it is the complete truth, but I bet you none of them read through even the second line, otherwise they would have known it's a different syndrome, considering different cases. 
You forgot passive-aggressiveness. The OP of this comment chain showed us how it's done. Healthy relationships are based on passive-aggressive people who love to make snarky remarks. TIL
http://downloadmoreram.com/
Mine uses 15mb right now with a max of 160mb. No web app should ever be using 700mb or anything close to that. You have some kind of a problem there
;( If only I had this piece of info 7 years ago, damn. 
I can't say I am the exact same way, but DnB was definitely my most influential genre, and I seem to continue end up making it when I try to create a new tune. It just naturally comes and overtakes. 

There is a type of energy related to dnb that no other genre can quite deliver in the same way and I doubt that will change anytime soon. Or, at least, it will remain as a true part of history. 

I guess what's ironic is that as time went by, I became more and more repulsed by dnb parties, but never really stopped playing dnb at home or when I commute to work, etc. I guess it will always have relevance, just not in the same way as before. And that's something I can appreciate. 
And another butchered title ;(
Relevant AF 
No, in this case you could have absolutely, utterly and completely expected this. Trump is not a surprise by a loooooooooong shot. Only electing him was surprising. 
To be fair, the best kind of dnb forces you to come up with a new way of dancing on the go, that's one of the things I love about it. Just don't fuck up your feet like I did it :S
Cheers. I had a feeling it's not Tesla as I never heard of this before (while reading about other, also interesting cases, but not this one). 

I'll go through the article in more detail after work, thanks.
so what *IS* the reference then?
That is probably one of the most major and primary jobs of most cops around USA and some European countries. Can't say much about the others, but hey, it's enough to hear about Asian countries where you get a death penalty for it.

So don't you worry, MORE THAN ENOUGH time and resources are spent on fighting the most important fight of all fights on this planet - the fight against kids smoking weed. That's exactly the best and most reasonable way to spend our tax money and is definitely making the world a better place by funding corruption so profoundly. 
Blobs were the best. Google is just doing their thing, which is for them to take a step into a terrible, ugly direction every once in a while. The Android O emoji are a piece of shit and I proudly stand by what I said.

Long live the blobs and whoever designed them. 
I can sometimes throw a 500ml bottle of water in the air and balance it on my foot as it falls down. It works at least once in ~30 tries.
That is just fucked up...
Fuck that health agency. We get the TPD in power from later on tonight but I plan to try to order atomizers from FT regardless. I just can't imagine how these fuckers here are even going to know what they are looking at, not to mention to figure out if an atomizer is 2ml or more.
That would really suck... Many atties are defective in a similar way and it wouldn't surprise me if this one is also problematic. It also really sucks that you cannot order from FT now. Is it the same for other sites too? Gearbest, aliexpress, 3fvape?
Ouch. Maybe he wanted to get rid of a defective atty...

Which is exactly why I would order from Fasttech every single time instead of buying from private individuals. Even if they have an issue, FT will offer replacements and refunds. It just takes time sometimes.

EDIT: BTW, I forgot to ask - did you check ALL of the o-rings around the deck and the bottom of the atty? Smth missing can cause leaking, or if any of the rings are the wrong size.
Send your atty back for a replacement after contacting your retailer.

Generally, no atty should be leaking from the bottom for no reason other than bad wicking. If your wicking is well-done and you know it, I would ask for a refund or replacement.

The same thing happened with my Merlin Mini RTA. It started leaking from under the edges, where the AFC ring is. If I leave it for one day, the liquid almost reaches the central pin and the 510 nest on the mod, which is bad. 

I contacted Fasttech, showed them photos and ultimately got a 11$ refund w/o having to send the tank back. I ordered another one for half price, which I thought was fair considering I am keeping the defective one for spare parts or some insane situations where I have nothing else (unlikely).

This thread kind of makes me question ordering Kylin, though. And in all fairness, I've got the Troll RTA now and it seems to be the best killer around right now. I love this thing and the flavor it produces. So far there is no leaking whatsoever when I wick it correctly. 
All of this suffering has taken a toll on me and I am afraid I might become evil as the people that are inflicting this pain so easily and so recklessly. I still imagine bad things happening to people I care about (including an ex gf that has forgotten about me since 3-4 years, the thought of this happening to her still makes me feel completely helpless) and it destroys me. It then fills me with anger and rage towards these evil beings that bring so much death and suffering. 

I understand that the only "good" way to deal with this is to forgive, to be kind and to be able to move on and continue trying to deal with things via a positive approach. But my patience is so low. Some days I like all of these fucked people to die instantly, together, and leave only those who do not kill others to live on this planet. I know it's unfair but at the same time it's hard for me to say I would not press the button if there was such a button. 
You can ask that question about so many of these "leaders". It's hard to understand for me too
I had no idea and I'll probably look into it, thanks for sharing. :)
Shit from /r/politics
Yet another crappy piece of news that will not change anything about Trump's position of power. Ridiculous, fun to watch, depressing if you take life seriously.
Lmao, premium... Yeah, they can get you that premium *look*, and I really do like their visual designs. Z5C is my favorite phone, looks-wise, and I enjoy using it very much. I've also dropped it on a hard surface twice and the glass never broke.

But the internals are cheap and you can just feel that after a short while of using their devices.

While Samsung phones feel good and fast years after you bought them. I just cannot afford an S8, and I actually wanted an S7/S8 Mini which they are not making. Won't buy Samsung until they cater to the compact phone market.
Never expect quality from Sony. This is the reality we have right now, and it has been like so for quite a while.

The whole Z line is made of cheap hardware and other parts, and it is a miracle that some of them actually work well w/o any serious issues. 

If you want quality, Samsung is a x100 better option, with any model between S6 and S7. 

I only went for sony due to their compact line, but that has always been an adventure of terrible issues.

I am inclined to believe Sony do not spend any real money on quality control and do not, have not, nor ever will care about quality as long as they can make sales.
What the hell is going on with google... First they completely wrecked the Gboard design. These new key boarders are atrocious, I utterly hate them.

Now they destroyed the blobs, which were so cute and, in a way, unique to android, giving it some character.

And they turned them into fat-framed circles that look like emojis from Viber? Damn. 

RIP good design once again and welcome these ugly, over-designed and over-done generic emojis. Google, always one step ahead then two steps behinds.
Hey man, I tried using zipsigner to export an apk, manually changed the output file name to apk, but after installing the kb enters a crash loop until uninstalled. Any ideas? Otherwise the app gets repacked as a zip file. I then managed to export it properly as apk with test key and it kept crashing :(
Still ahead in the game in comparison to you 
No conspiracy whatsoever, it is how things work and it is happening before our eyes all the time.

They want people to be as sick and stupid as possible. This is, technically, extremely profitable and always will be while the system is designed as it is. 

I don't understand why anyone would write this off as a conspiracy, some techniques are so damn effective that you would have to be stupid to not apply them in order to gain more power and control. And guess what, people in power are not stupid. They might be evil, but not stupid.
People get what they allow to be given to them
You could not only argue it, but you should. If someone suggest two identical hardware specs are also identical when put into a small and large body, then they have no idea what's going on under that hood.

It's not only thermal capacity. A bigger screen renders more pixels, anyone remember that? :O 

Overall, this video is not something you should use as a guide. Find properly made tests. 
Well, they have to leave out stuff for the next Androids, no? If they make sharing super cool now, then it cannot be a marketing feature for the next Androids. I'm not saying it's a conspiracy either, they must have thought this out and planned out their work accordingly for the next releases of Android. Sharing interface will 100% become improved in 8 or 9 and it will likely be advertised as such as well. 
What an oblivious article and writer. To miss the very best reddit app available you must really invest some effort into not having any idea what you are doing. 
Seriously, the Trump-related titles in this sub are hilarious and are just like following some kind of a conversation story about a couple of kids, narrated by a third kid.

"Trump admits to breaking the robot toy. Jake says he will call his mommy."

"Trump no longer wants to admit about breaking Jake's toy after Jake's mother arrived."

"Jake is considering no longer being friends with Trump."


While not particularly mellow and melodic, drumcorps delivers an unmatched level of technical awareness and sound positioning, as well as design. I can always appreciate such tracks, hope you can as well!
Damn. You looked way, way too much into my original comment. You are obviously looking for a much deeper level of conversation than whatever that comment offered. And the comment was designed to sound exactly like it did, but you are replying to me as if I wrote a dissertation on it (which I did not).

Any generalisation is erroneous/fallacious by design and my first comment is exactly a huge generalisation. I am seriously supposed to explain this?

Furthermore, I actually never said this:

> you stated in effect that market distribution of goods and the profit motive made humanity and unworthy species

I never said anything about market distribution of goods. The term "profit" does not automatically imply what you wrote, nor did I write that myself.

I believe that any strive for personal gain can be categorised as a life, dominated by the idea of a profit. It doesn't matter if the profit is related to distributed goods, or the death of millions. 

But honestly, I have no energy to discuss why the world is "fucked". In actuality it is not fucked in any way. Humans perceive it as fucked once they start thinking about it and analysing it too much. At the end of the day, the world is perfect, it always was so and always will be. It is only the human who can see it as fucked, which doesn't exclude me. But I also understand this is only my OWN opinion, my own taste and views. I never, ever said that there is an arbitrary factor of goodness, which can be used to define anything as inherently good, or bad. I actually believe none of these exist, they are concept.

My unit of measurement is pleasure and discomfort. If you are bringing immense amounts of pleasure to those around you I would prefer for you to be a part of my world, and if you bring only suffering and discomfort, I'd like you to get the fuck out of here. But at the end of the day this has nothing to do with good or bad, only with my opinion as an egoic mind. 

Have you ever considered the fact that the same applies in exactly the same way about you? 

You commented on my comment, so you are obviously looking for something. And my comment is nowhere near as melodramatic as you described it. Ironically, you used the same shit on me, but it's just not going to work. I like trolling people. If you don't, then don't dig for trolls or conflict. ;)


Thanks for the free medical examination, man! I can now start working on my real redditor problems. Strangers are always the best specialists 
Thank you for the kind words but I already buy it illegally like a sick criminal that must be caged and paid for with your money
Nothing new can be said here. Criminalization of cannabis worldwide should be a criminal offense in itself. 

A fucked up-world, driven solely by profits. Either we change that or we die as a truly unworthy species. One not even for the books. 
No (but in some cases I have gotten issues like losing a key to a locked door forever or a quest, etc. Items seem to stay where you dropped them).
Thanks for listening and the comment :)
Agreed, I am so happy that this tune came up in youtube a while back. Really well-done, both the audio and video compliment each other throughout the whole thing.
For sure, any tune can always get "better" in the mind of someone, but at the end it's really up to you to decide what's good. :) 

Some years ago I couldn't really tell how shit my tunes were but as time progressed I learned to be critical. In time, I also learned that the only thing that matters is that you feel like enough effort has been put in your current project. That's all. 

As long as you feel OK with this and confident to move onto another thing, there is progress and you are going to get better.

And it's easy to listen as an audience, harder to listen critically and understand what's going on, why a great dnb track is great, or generic. 

For example, this kind of production really grabs me by the ballz: 

https://youtu.be/s6tRwdVMIx4?t=69

Love the amount of detail put into it by mr Billain, who is known to keep a ton of variants for each track, fledged-out and thought out to the end. I really like his style and I understand your feeling of being so far away from your idols and favorite artists. :) 

It's not always going to be like that if you are dedicated, though. If you start working on theory there might be huge progress for sure. Combine that with tech knowledge of DAWs and VSTs and great things will happen.

It's always been a hobby for me and that makes it quite chill, so I've never been into theory, but it could have been very useful for sure, even if I had put 10-15 mins a day trying to get it. So yeah, do invest even small bits of time, it's worth it. 
Forgot to put the name in the title, sorry. BFNK - Sunder
On the right track, I think. Just keep on making tunes and finishing them.

I like the the effects you have used here and there, but you can also go for more variety, especially as every next drop progresses. 

Your drumwork is not bad and you should keep going in that direction.

Your style could grow to something like this:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9qJKxaWb0_A

Learn from such guys and keep on working
Battery performance on Sony phones is definitely a new form of voodoo magic with no way to predict anything about it at all. 
Damn, this is such an inspirational read. Thank you! 
Youtube Red can go die in a fire...
There is no reason for you to express absolutely anything w/o the implication that it might eventually get some attention. That is the point of any kind of expression. You don't express yourself *to yourself* (unless mentally ill, or unless you just like doing that). You do it to others.

What's funny to me is not that people require attention. That's absolutely normal and natural. It makes good sense. What's funny is people who are both attention-seekers and judge others who seek attention. 
There is actually a way to keep everything. Once you know you will die, throw ALL of your stuff on the ground, then die. Voila. Everything will be right where you left it upon your revival. But this doesn't work well if you start doing it @ 1hp left.
Is there a PSBattle on this?
And we have the final answer right here. Even by typing a comment in a reddit thread you are demanding attention. People are so funny with their little judgements sometimes. :)
Demanding it doesn't seem to work, though. It's like an asshole that just took away one of your items. You can ask him to give it back a million times, but he is an asshole. Do you think he will ever give it back? No, not until you   **take it back**.
I thought /u/WahooD89 was the original OP of this comment


I like you
My point exactly, thank you. 
I can't say, never really researched this topic in any serious depth, nor do I have a significant desire to do so. It's just overly depressing, while it is also not dependable to read information about events which took place so far in the past.


But... here is a random interesting comment I found in reddit:

> The "bonefields" as you put them, in the Volgograd region was actually an exception, rather than a rule. The large piling of bodies was really typically an exception, the Mongols saw this as a waste of good resources. Mongols in general believed that everything could have a purpose in their great Empire, and the bodies of their enemies was no different.
> The Mongol's in the other regions typically let the bodies decay then use the leftover bones as pavement for their vast stretches of roads. Once beaten down with their horses, the bones would crumble and form a great pavement for their mighty armies to cross upon. The reason why there exists bonefields in the lower portion of Russia is because of the cold weather, which would freeze the bones and create a nasty mix of frozen bone debris, water, snow, and ice, which was not good for the horses. Therefore, in a rare instance, the Mongols simply left the bodies to rot and decompose, without using the bones.

So yeah, such an empire can easily leave no remains to waste.
I imagine it is Lostvape Therion DNA166
Interesting and depressing. Humans now thrive on technology and even comfort, but remain the same potential sociopathic villans.
So that their product gets sold and has any demand. The company itself could be releasing malware. Welcome to the world of business. 
It's because we have paintings instead of photos. If you could see a city of more than a million fully massacred in photos, even black and white, you would probably have a huge problem with romanticizing any of it. 

This is* one of the ways a generic human mind works. Investing a lot into imagery and the visual, and what is right in front of you, or affecting you personally. 

Insanely evil, mass massacres of the far past were perhaps much, much more gruesome than what we can see today (keep in mind most of these were done with bladed or blunt weapons, no guns, no bombs, no quick death). But we will never really see those times in HD, or in any type of realistic way. All we have is stories and paintings. It's easy to distance yourself from reality due to these factors. 

Absolutely! I wouldn't mind playing on a console in any case, just don't really buy them anymore. 

All is in the name of good gaming and that's why I dislike what modern console gaming studios are doing, both with Microsoft and Sony holding them tight around the necks. It's a huge money-making machine and a lot of advantage is being taken of gamers, which is a shame for us and a win for them. And it shouldn't even be "us vs them", but that is how most businesses go. 

Not to say PC game makers don't do the same. But it doesn't hurt to try a modern PC, give it another shot. :P 

I mean, a LOT has changed during the last 15 years. At that point a console was THE best choice for general gaming, no questions asked. Today, the PC has an insane variety of games and everything else. It can be a huge hassle, but that's exactly why you have subs like /r/buildapcforme and /r/buildapc :)


Well you have to start somewhere, you can't just jump into it. I was lucky to have a pc from a young age (and it had riva tnt 2 gpu, 32mb ram and some 500mhz celeron, I think) and to be able to fiddle with Windows 95 and the early games you could play on it. Parallel to that, my cousin had the original PS and we spent our summers playing on it. 

A PC today will not be necessarily more expensive than a console and I'm not saying consoles are cheaper, or useless. It's a deep rabbit hole and you should get into it if you want to be on the edge of your gaming, and in control of it much more than you are used to it. This can be a bad thing and an expensive thing.

A cheap gaming PC will probably run the latest titles quite well, though (usually surpassing the console performance you can have at the time), and that's almost always the case when you compare the actual prices. Consoles including your TV cost, your hdmi cable cost, your extra controllers and accessories cost, your console cost, your monthly/yearly sub cost, and your game cost. PCs including the whole case with all vital parts of it, a monitor, a mouse and a keyboard. Games of course, but you have indefinitely more *actually* free titles on the pc platform. Sound is optional but I bet you will want to include it for any of these two platforms, be it speakers or headphones. 

Ultimately, you pay quite a lot for both platforms. At this stage of my life I completely prefer my PC and I play GTA 5 with a wireless 360 controller, got a joystick, two monitors and another gamepad. It can be a two-man mortal kombat session easily, for example. I don't miss anything consoles can offer me, except a small handful of exclusive titles I truly wish to play, such as Red Dead Redemption and The Last of us. And the game from OP. And a potential new Crash Bandicoot some day, which I'm sure will be PS exclusive.

In your case it could be different, of course. 