Bet your parents are just waiting at the doorstep for their flag
*iPhones
You just can't beat that efficiency! 
I don't see this coming out later than 2019
That's because you don't have any African Americans
Imo dumbbells are actually better. It forces you to control the entire movement (helping to work stabilizer muscles) and creates more likely even development between muscles. Sometimes barbells can be unevenly lifted, causing uneven development. 
You forgot "This is out of bounds" 
The idea is that you buy a new phone...
The difference in price between battery sizes is already established and well known. What isn't public (or even among employees) is the base cost of a battery of any size. That's what we would all like to know. 
Tesla employee here! I'll do my best to answer.

At the moment, I have no idea what it costs to replace a battery. Every Model S and X owner is still under warranty, so nobody has yet to pay for one.

Here is what I can tell you. Our battery tech is advancing at an incredible pace. Whatever the cost is to replace a battery today; it will be much lower in 15 years (our approximate expected lifetime of the battery). This advance in tech and production is also the reason we have been able to bring down the price of our vehicles over time. 

On top of that, the Model S battery is comprised of 7000 individual cells. If there are just a few cells that go bad, we can replace just those cells. No need to replace the entire battery.

Hope this helps! 
>I stand corrected. 

...said the man in the orthopedic shoes

After driving a Tesla Model S, every other vehicle feels like trash. Get your pathetic Mercedes out of my face. 
HEðŸ‘LOSTðŸ‘HISðŸ‘SHOEðŸ‘!! ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ðŸ”¥ðŸ”¥ðŸ”¥ðŸ’€ðŸ’€ðŸ’€
First things first... 
I'm glad they used the REAL Aunt Viv
I think everyone's different. I'm an all or nothing kind of person. When I first started my fitness journey, I put together an aggressive bodybuilding routine and nutrition plan. The hard discipline has kept me engaged at it for nearly two years now. Lost 80lbs in my first year 
I never knew I wanted new coasters 
Good lord! I wish I could pare an avocado at even 20% her speed! 
Anything that says something about you or your personality in an interesting way. Are you a funny person? Say something funny in your bio. Are you smart and introspective? Say something that reflects that in a creative way. Be original and be yourself 
For God's sake, change your bio
Didn't read your whole bio, but I stopped at word vomit. Don't say vomit. 
Ham can definitely help tone it down and steer the dish toward balance, but it's still not nearly enough to offset the tartness of a pineapple 
While your logic is sound, I think what your missing is that plain cheese pizza, as itself, is already a balanced combination of flavors. The biggest flavor aspects of a pizza are the sweetness from the sauce and the saltiness of the cheese. Adding a sharply sweet and tangy item like pineapple on something that already has a balanced flavor profile is like putting ketchup on a perfectly prepared and seasoned steak. You can do it, but it really takes away from what the steak is supposed to be. In a diced form, pineapple would far overpower everything that a pizza is supposed to be. There is nothing subtle about pineapple. 

If I were forced to use pineapple as an ingredient in a pizza challenge, I would work pineapple juice into the actual sauce to make it a bit sweeter and tangy. I would never dream of using slices of actual pineapple as a topping. 
Good elements of a complex food dish don't counter each other, they complement each other. Pineapple does not belong on pizza (a dish that already blends several flavors and textures to create a full bodied flavor profile). The only appropriate add-ons to a pizza should be savory toppings, which would complement the variables of the dish brought by the sauce and cheese.

Source: went to culinary school 
I don't think I've ever worked that hard for four forkfulls of food. 
I haven't read a ton in my life, but The Odyssey definitely stuck with me 
I think so too
Open relationship apparently Â¯\_(ãƒ„)_/Â¯
r/meow_irl
GIRL ðŸ‘
To anyone reading this, please understand that this is very likely an isolated incident. I've been working for Tesla in the US, and my management team is outstanding and it's the best work culture I've ever been a part of. I love my job and my team and they practically have to kick me out to go home at the end of the day. I believe any company can make mistakes, but don't let it ruin your entire perspective of who we are. I hurts me to see that some people in the comments are saying that they are no longer interested in doing business with us after reading this post. In my opinion, that's a completely overblown reaction to reading about OP's unfortunate, and very unique circumstances. 
Probably diet and exercise 
That'll be great for them! kW are more expensive there than anywhere else in the country. 
OP is wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy more patient than she should be
Damn. Well done... 
He sounds like a neckbeard to me. But in fair warning, some of your interests definitely make you beardbait. Absolutely don't change who you are, but learning how to better avoid these types of people will put you in a better position moving forward. 
If I'm not mistaken, couldn't a poise casting Miracle build take this out? 
Looks like your cat bed is giving birth ðŸ™ˆ
You'll get through the game in no time! Learning the ropes is the hardest part. Once you understand how the game "works", then it's just a matter of sharpening your skills. 
How? It's something you do once and then never have to worry about again. 
Yep! Can confirm 
Oh hi Bazel
So much more attractive that your mirror uncracked itself! Great job
Just got hired and I start my first day tomorrow! I couldn't be more excited 
Good review overall, but I have to disagree a little bit with how harsh you were about the UI. When in the world would someone want to adjust mirrors while driving? That should be something you do before you start driving at all. 

The glove box thing during your Bluetooth link? Just do one thing at a time. Seems to me like you were almost trying to find reasons to complain about something.

My personal review of the UI is 5/10. Definitely plenty of room for improvement, but definitely better that what you give it credit for. 
It sounds to me like the answer is right in front of you. You like structure? Build a structured training plan that keeps you disciplined and allows you to hit specific goals.

Don't like the feeling of working out alone? Get some headphones/ear buds and put together a Playlist or use Spotify to fuel your motivation.

Good music can put you in the zone, and I would take that over working out with partners any day of the week!

Good luck, OP! 
His lack of self awareness is artistically delectable. 
Amazing job!

Would totally swipe right 
WHAT!? You look like an entirely different person!
I don't have anything to contribute other that to reiterate what you're already saying. It's looks fantastic, but as you mentioned, slightly more rare would be ideal. Hope you enjoyed it! 
Same reason these people go on mission trips to Africa
Nice work! Even 10lbs makes a difference! 
Amazing work! Hard to believe that you're even 245 now. You carry it well. Just by looking at the pic on the right I would've guessed closer to 210
I ordered a 10lb bag of whey protein. Safe to say, I'll have gains for life ðŸ˜Ž
I don't think you're ugly, just average. You could benefit from better pictures if those are what you're using for online dating though. 
Pinhead Larry? 
Black folk always screaming in theaters though... 
DISCUSTING
Isn't it though? 
Your skin looks 10+ years younger! Great job! 
Outstanding! I can't believe I've never seen that before 
PTY and BX. With a sizeable investment, you can retire on these stocks and use the dividends as paychecks. 
To this day, I still can't comprehend his legs. 
The Manchineel Tree. If you don't know what this is, pray that you never have reason to. 
I've never heard it put into words so well. Bravo
I can't believe this is real life
Don't be a fool, wrap your tool! 
Dying Light is wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy better
There's gotta be a video recording somewhere, right? 
I like this
Yes, but keep in mind that if you let your subscription expire, you will lose access until you activate it again (as with all games free via ps+). 
This is just natural selection, OP. A stronger, more attractive male will date her instead. 
What in the fuck!? 
I'll take "Things That Never Happened" for $1000, Alex. 
Lookin more like a tennis ball fade 
Deep down, I know you're right, I just hate that it's going to take a while to recover. 
I never should've bought MCD â˜¹ï¸
Lol, what was the point of putting that pan over a grill? ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚
ðŸ‘ GIRL! 
This is the exact story I was thinking about while reading this thread ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚
Bruh, I've probably had beards older than you
No penny stocks. Just don't. 
MHW character creation screen vs in-game model 
Yo, I don't even skate but I want that 
My sentiment is not to get caught up in earnings plays. ER for tech stocks over the past 2 years or so have often been irrational. We may see great news, and the stock will still fall anyways. If you're long, stay long. If you're looking to get in right before ER, understand you're taking a bit of a gamble. 
I pay $80 for TurboTax software. It links my entire Schwab history for the year in about 2/3rds of a second. TurboTax will get my business every year. 
Jealoussssss
I would expect a multiple choice test. 
Especially when he's got that flamethrower! 
> we really don't deserve them

Speak for yourself. I totally deserve dogs. 
I have a lot of free time at work and spend most of it trading or doing research. I make a lot more money trading than with my actual job...so kinda? 
This bill is dead on arrival. Clearly the type of legislation some politician comes up with just to get some attention and appeal to their constituency without actually doing anything. 
F
Hang tight. You can always get your money back with smart fundamentals and patience. 
He's African
What a perfectly crafted response to end the conversation! I hope he feels bad
My squad has been calling him Bagel Jews
.... Did it work? 
Hah, I love how restoring some of what nature used to be before we destroyed it is a "radical solution". 
Tbh, the church leaders are the actual villains. 
OP, I can't tell if you're being serious. Of course inflation outpacing wage growth is an issue. "Troubling sign" is putting it very very lightly. 
I dunno. My MCD, JNJ, and TXN still look pretty f***ed
Reminds me of those wholesome Cheerios commercials. 
Not confirmed, but doesn't pretty much everyone do that these days? 
Awesome! I'll wait til they release the complete edition and buy that
*ahem*  
*your

*tipping intensifies*
How's that working out for ya? 
The guy in the pic doesn't exactly look all that attractive. Looks like he eats rocks for breakfast. 
r/meirl
Well...it's my Birthday, so I guess I have that. 
Made even better by the promotion of literally killing democratic politicians 
AND never buy jarred salsa from the chips aisle. Go to the produce section and get the fresh stuff that's refrigerated. 
I don't think anyone actually hopes that Trump fails. They're just displeased with the inevitable failure. 
I love how they moved the guy with my physique out of frame
So you're saying I should invest in a laboratory? ðŸ¤”
AND SNAPCHAT STILL SUCKS TOO! 
I'd call it recession-resistant 
God bless you, sir. 
Propane salesman 
Yes, when GTA6 releases. 
Absolutely. With a thicker cut, you can still get a great sear without cooking "through" the steak. 
Absolutely not bad for a first try! I'd get the pan hotter and sear for a little less time next time. That will help preserve the pink center while still getting a nice bark on the outside. 
It might be a small factor in inflation, however businesses still need to compete. Ex: If McDonald's suddenly increased the price of all the items on their menu, they would instantly lose a lot of business to their competitors. It wouldn't be economicallly viable for businesses to increase prices in most goods. 
I actually bought my mattress from a large chain and they were able to beat price on something I saw at Macy's that had basically the same specs, even though the model was made for them. 
I think everyone kind of has their own path that will work best for them. For me, it meant putting together a consistent training plan that I never took days off from (I did this by studying the fitness programs that pro bodybuilders do). Also, rather than just hopping on a fad diet, I took the time to learn the science of nutrition and how to craft my own diet based off of what my body needs. Getting started is the hardest part, but once you start seeing results, you start getting addicted to success, and that locked in the discipline for me. 
ME MILLIONTH DOLLAR! 
Congratulations on that! I too lost 80+lbs in 12 months, so I know exactly how much work you put in. You should be proud! 
I BTD right at 142. My one-month PT is 155.
Sounds like a young Laurence Fishburne
Get on Tinder and start swiping
I don't see anything wrong with getting started. Just make sure you monitor and coach them during their training and probably put together a sub-pro level routine with reasonable weight for them. 
I wish I only lost $3k ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜­
Forgive me master, but I must go all out...just this once
Using large amounts of money in penny stocks... 
Keep it up. That's a solid spread for someone who doesn't want to watch their investments every single day.

My only criticism would be that you should figure out what to do with all of the extra cash. Even putting it into VOO while you figure out what you want to do with it is better than letting it sit. 
Quick maths! 
I'm still optimistic. Even if the game is not perfect, I'm getting a much better vibe from the dev team here than the washed up guys over at Bugie. I feel like the Bioware team cares more about the game being successful as a game, rather than just a moneymaker. 
I think I've got some uneaten Tide Pods in my laundry room
The saddest thing is that if I ever have the pleasure to meet Kanye in real life, I'll never be able to put into words how much we relate without coming across as a psychopath. 
I'm just here to be a part of history. 
Can you link that post? I died laughing when I first saw it, but haven't been able to find it since. 
This is outstanding! I hope you're proud of this one, OP. 
Thank you
Thanks for the reply. I definitely think you're onto something. You're absolutely right about how any other politician would get buried by these scandals because it conflicts with the brand they promote.

It would be interesting to see what scandal actually breaks his brand. He has, indeed, been very protective of those tax returns. 
I wish I had that kind of stage presence and confidence 
What liberal journalists fail to understand is that Trump's shitty support base DOES NOT CARE. It does not matter what he does or has done. It's not like one day his supporters are going to be like "Hey, this guy might not be the nicest dude or the best choice as our country's leader." They LIKE that he's off the handle. You can't appeal a poor character case to people who don't care about poor character.

I'm sure over the next year, dozens more scandals surrounding him will rise to the top of news outlets, and still nothing will change. 
Diageo (DEO) . Buy and hold forever. 
It is mentioned in the article. The video didn't cover everything. 
Bro, it was a joke. Look it up on Google. We're both 24
Shit, you got me wondering. I can't find her on FB. 
When she wrote this, I immediately thought of this sub. What do I do? 
Not only old, but zero versatility. 
You're going to find a fair bit of bias here, but yeah. It's a good idea. 
Is it just me, or does it seem like his chest and arms are way over-developed in comparison to his core? 
See... Universal Basic Income works
Possibly unrelated, but I'm going to start taking up boxing in about a month or so. Can anybody recommend some good 16oz boxing gloves to me? Trying to keep it under $100.
Wow! Such.... detail
Keep bulking for now. No need to worry about fat really until you start cutting
Call child protective services on her! When she finally opens the door, lay waste to her with your entire arsenal of urine and fecal-based weaponry. Teach that bitch a lesson she won't forget!

You'll have fresh tendies in no time, extra sauce too. 
So what, were just gonna pretend that second "a" isn't there? No such thing as a silent a. 
The average idiot doesn't have the discipline to do what he does. It's not rocket science, but too many people get caught up in emotional short term trades and fail because of it. Patience is the most important thing I've learned over my very short 12-year experience working with investments. 
Valid point! 
This is why we have antitrust laws in place. Competition still exists, and good businesses know they can't get away with screwing their customers...unless you're in a specific industry where exploitation is the status quo, such as cable/internet.

So while you are right, it shouldn't be prevalent in every industry, just in the ones that already suck. 
someBODY ONCE TOLD ME
Monkey needs a hug! 
Hold up... I need to see how the rest of this conversation went ðŸ˜‚
Or dense... 
Amazing job! Makes me wish there was a DS card game. 
Exquisite 
>you have to be profit centric if you want stock prices to soar.



You do realize that we're talking about a $300+ stock here, right? 
That'll get pushed back for sure. I'm expecting a Q4 release for the Holiday season. 
Oh, I see what you're saying. Yeah, you could be right about that. 
Actually no. As long as you stay true to the art style, it will look appropriate on any color. Imo, saturated colors work best though. 
Thanks, friend! 
How is this a shitpost? We rarely get sound DD in this sub. 
You don't, but it sure makes for an exciting headline. 
Correct. Market was closed today for New Years - as far as I know, it should be back open tomorrow. 
First off, there is nothing wrong with Merrill Edge. Many people like to talk about RobinHood, but the only real benefit is free trades.

Real brokerages offer actual customer service and have a lot less restrictions on what you are able to do as an investor/trader. In my mind, those trade fees are well worth it (and inconsequential if you are working with any substantial amount of capital). 

Second, you can't snatch those trades because you don't have access to After hours or premarket trading. If you set limit orders before regular trading hours, they'll likely get blown out when the market opens. Talk to your brokerage and you may be able to gain access to those market hours or have the opportunity to open a separate account that grants you access. 
Let the tendies hit the floor... 
You don't even need money if you're a subsistence farmer
Reasonably priced for something that's guaranteed to get you laid ðŸ˜‰
More valuable than a guy who won't. Supply and demand, homie. 
If it helps at all, I remember the gambling function being a simple click on a button, and then it would spit out a result of whether I lost or gained bitcoin. The site wasn't very fancy looking, seemed like a basic html design. White background if I remember correctly.

Edit: Also worth noting, I am in the US. 
Watching Rick and Morty these days? 
Agreed. Pullbacks are natural and healthy for the market. I was a novice investor back then, but in hindsight, I still probably wouldn't have done anything differently. 
I graduated a few years ago. It was dead during the weekends. Not sure if that's changed. 
Nothing, because I didn't sell. 
Not only is it not a meme, but it is also the pinnacle of normie content. 
Yes! WM is my sleeper that nobody ever talks about. Amazing long-term stock! 
Glad you gave it a shot! Part of the fun in learning about dark chocolate is finding what you do and don't like about certain brands and degrees of concentration. I'm glad you liked the Green & Black's - it's pretty much a staple among dark chocolate fans. Maybe the Lindt 70% might be the better choice next time if the 85% was a bit too bitter. Cheers! 
Having watched Master of None, I'd have to say play a game where you each write down the percentage chance that you think your relationship will work out. 
This is actually one of the easiest ways to undermine illegal trade and cut into the profits of the cartels. 
Some of the easy-to-find brands I've been enjoying lately are Ghirardelli, Lindt (get 85% cocoa or less to avoid "dutched" chocolate), Green & Black's, Godiva, and (somewhat surprisingly) Trader Joe's brand.

Right now my go-to is Lindt 85%. It's pretty dark, but there's a very distinct combination of flavors to it that I appreciate. The texture is high quality and flavor profile is robust. 

Everyone has their own preferences, much like wine, but each brand does offer something different. As per brands to avoid, you pretty much named the brands I wouldn't include. It's not that they're particularly bad, but they may not be made with as many organic or quality ingredients, and I'd be willing to bet most of those are not fair trade.

Hope this helps! 
I have a friend that works for GE. He is head of the automation department in Atlanta. He's been pretty successful in finding ways to cut jobs and transition to automating things that used to need people. I don't know if that answers your question or not. 
Every rep is number 8
Honestly, all of the same kind of things you get from Morningstar or Schwab analysis. They just fail to organize it in a way that's easy to navigate and make changes to. There are many investments analysis tools out there that all get the basics down, but none of them have that "perfect" UI that would make me loyal to the app. 
This may be broad, but it would be really nice to have an easy to use tool that gives comprehensive analyses of complete portfolios. Everything from performance metrics to risk assessment to simply percentage breakdowns of industry exposure. I've seen bits of these things from other tools, but never all put together in one user friendly app that allows for on-the-fly adjustments. 
Both securities are in my mock mutual fund. I have a higher stake in AMZN, but I feel that any rate at which Amazon grows will not proportionately inverse WMT's success. Both will continue to grow for now, but if Amazon ends up taking over, WMT won't suddenly crash. It would be a slow bleed with plenty of time to hop out or speculate. By holding both, you should still come out very much in the green over 10 years. 
Stranger Things. Everyone raves about it like it's the best thing that ever happened to TV. I give it an 8.5/10.
Thanks for doing this! 
NEPHEW!! 
Excessive vacations. I know too many people my age that travel at every opportunity they get and then always complain that they're broke. I'm 24 and I have a huge jumpstart to my retirement instead. 
I understand the 3600 x 24 x 365, but I don't think it be perfectly calculated without more data because births per day aren't the same all the way across the year. Also, age range wise, I would probably only date someone who is within 3 years or my age (so a range of 6). That's probably also a relevant factor. 
Just started dating a new girl. I pretty much never date. We have the same birthday, birthyear, and (save for timezone differences) time of birth. I couldn't figure out how to calculate those odds. 
They're for everyone else's safety. 
No more than every 15 seconds
You'll have to forgive him. He clearly hasn't finished the latest season of Rick and Morty yet. 
The winds of winter
I could've sworn I was browsing wallstreetbets 
WUZ
Nothing is ever truly recession proof, but I'd go out on a limb to say that MCD and WMT are recession-resistant. 
Every time a new trailer for this game drops, I'm like, "Oh yeah, this is where it's all gonna come together and make sense!" 

Nope. 
It's not discrete if you go around telling everyone about it! 
REEEEEEEEEEEEEE THOSE ARE SHIT-TIER TENDIES AND NO HONEY MUSTIEEEEEEEEEE
20:1 maybe
Both. No reason not to diversify unless you're just swing trading. 
Believe me. They'll never turn down your money. 
"Researchers" 
Yes, this is actually how some Army trainers recommend getting pushup numbers up. 
I love how the side chick is just chillin there still enjoying the date like nothing's happening. 
That is mega badass! Wallpaper-worthy if there was no HUD.
Looking absolutely sautÃ©ed 
What about incandescent guys? 
VERY different games, but the Dark Souls series is by far one of my favorite RPGs of all time. There's a reason it has the cult following it does. 
You're gonna feel sooooo dumb when you pass up an opportunity with a real Nigerian prince. 
There's a reason sidequests aren't main quests. They're supposed to be optional. 
Yes, the Roadster was just the beginning...in 2008
Just buy both 
You have my goal body! Excellent work
Wow! Your husband is a lucky man! 
Nice job on the new hair! 
Congrats man! I also lost nearly that much weight in a year, so I know how much work you put into that. I'm also getting into my bulk now. Best luck moving forward! 
Dr. Komatsu looks like the Japanese Elon Musk
Hold me closer Bernie Sanders
If the treasury were to default, who would actually pay me? The institution I purchased the swaps from? 
You should start working out then
*sigh*.... Subbed
It's called Legacy Key. There's one private bathroom attached to the master bedroom and there's another bathroom down the hall.

If you're actually interested, let me know and I'll split the referral bonus with you. 
I'm in a 2 BR apartment in Sandy Springs for 1140/mo.

Been here nearly a year and a half and still never seen a roach.

The fitness center is pretty well-equipped for an apartment, if you're into that kinda thing. 
I've never used a protector on my Gear S2 and it's still flawless....but I've also never smashed it against something. So, up to you. 
Nice
This is what I imagine Community College is like. 
Wtf, I feel like this came out 2 years ago
I let out a relaxing sigh when I sit down. I could just not do it if I wanted to, but it just feels right, now. 
His poise was working as intended 
I have a feeling Thursday is just gonna come tomorrow instead. 
Yeah Imma need those pants 
In my opinion, it's way to soon to hop on board. Im all about getting the best price too, but the company doesn't yet show any clear signs of turning around. Until the restructuring actually takes place and the price starts to trend up, I won't even consider buying in.

There are plenty of other good dividend options out there right now that are actually trending upward in the meantime. 
This is a starter pack, not an intermediate's guide. 
Thanks! Subbed
Niceeeee
Vagene is love. Vagene is life. 
I'm in at 98. Gonna try to ride it out until 110+
Quite possibly! And you may even be able to receive a tax credit for your expense if you are using it for the sake of income generation. 
I work for a company that does a lot of business with Synchrony. I'm not personally invested in them, but that's because I'm mostly into Yolo plays these days. Synchrony seems like a well managed organization with a great free cash flow. They seem to be expanding their business all of the time, too. 
Wrong sub. You're looking for r/wallstreetbets
I mean...tomorrow is Thursday after all
Makes me wonder what kind of effects this has on the body over time. 
Wait...boobs are genitals now? 
But I thought EA was the Jews? 
Have a fun 15 seconds at the strip club
Classic Venkatesh
I'm always in rest mode aside from when I'm using it. No issues thus far and I've owned it since launch. 
Way to usher in a new era, OP. 
Yo y is a picture making me cry
Maybe I'm just an old man now, but I'm really having a hard time understanding the popular music these days. 
And they say romance is dead... 
Oh, so that's what a bull market is!
Plenty viable. The main change is that you can no longer do crazy bleed buildup with a hollow weapon. You now need to choose between having high bleed stat (with a blood weapon) or having high hollow base damage, rather than being able to have both. As someone with a bleed build, I'm sad it's not OP anymore, but definitely still good. 
Don't get too excited. You forgot about 4/20/69 that we have to look forward to. 
Hell yeah! Looks like the dude was at least 4th prestige 
Fuck my phone just caught fire
Nah, seems healthy to me. 
Just keep following rules number 1 and 2
I survived 9/11. Does that count? 
How do we know that this just isn't a deeper level of the meme though? How do we even know what's real anymore?
I wish we could see this discussion in any other sub other than futurology. It needs to spread beyond the think tank we have going here. 
*knows
I can only hope. Please and thank you! 
Hah, you're all gonna feel dumb once he smites you. 
Ho. LEE. Shit. I can't believe she even stayed after the 40 second mark. 
Needs fresh bacon bits
>but you have a 1/10,000 chance of being shot. 

Not bad

-American
Living with your parents at 19 is definitely no death sentence. Not being able to drive is questionable though. Lose the weight and gain the license, and you should be alright. 
I love $RACE. It's made me a ton of money just from growth this year and it even offers a little dividend as a cherry on top. A+ stock
The fall was much more intense than the punch 
He's still a kid
I'm holding. In at 98.
Yep
Why is that? Shouldn't I expect a pullback due to institutional profit-taking? 
I expect nothing less from a member of Team Beastmode
It's not a scam, just overpriced for what you're getting. That being said, I've known more than a few people that enjoy their Casper. 
I work in the bedding industry. Buy a real mattress from a brand with a lot of history. Simmons Beautyrest is one of my favorite and most reliable brands. Find a mattress store that offers good deals or one that you can strike a deal with. Simmons beds have a huge range in price, but even the cheaper ones are very dependable. 
Please! Teach me your ways so I can short everything you buy! 
Eat more food
I'll take six! 
Feed and water her every day! 
Wake up Mr. West
I bought...uhh...more than I should have. 
Got into ICLD when it was cheap. Now it's....cheaper
Fractured, but whole. 
Hard to say. I was acquainted with Robert, but I never asked him about his opinion on his parents. 
Nothing interesting in particular. I knew them many years ago when I was in a Boy Scout troop with their son, Robert. 
That's the irony of the episode. We are meant to think it's about the imagination of SpongeBob and Patrick, but in reality, Squidward's repression of playtime and joy has actually caused him to develop the most vivid imagination among any of them. This is reinforced when he is alone in the box and convinces himself he's a racecar driver. Typical logic would remove him from the situation and allow him realize what was happening, but his imagination was so powerful that his immersion was never broken. 
They were never making the noises. It was Squidward's imagination the whole time. 
I know the Price family, personally. Everyone's opinion of them is pretty spot on. 
I went to the bathroom daily and saw my penis every time
NANI!? 
A close friend of mine works for GE. I don't know exactly what it means for the long term value of the company, but they are working VERY aggressively toward automation software that will help them cut jobs out and save money. He works specifically as a manager of the local team that develops cost reduction projects. 
Nah
Bob Saget's a celebrity, right? I shared a meal with him and some of my friends at the Ritz Carlton in Atlanta a couple of years ago. Apparently he's a relative of one of my best friends, and he invited some family and friends to meet him at his hotel to hang out for a bit and get seats for the presentation he was doing to promote his book at the time. 
She's probably a god-tier troll
Don't think "skin" is the appropriate word. Tissue maybe? 
I'd do anything to relive the glory days of Second Story
Get an advisor. If you're working with any substantial amount of funds, it's worth it if you're a newbie. Nobody can teach you 10+ years of trading experience in a reddit thread. 
I would recommend Till the end of Time. It's closer to tri-ace's roots. 
Easiest short of my career 
That is a very risky back tattoo
Did it work? 
To be fair, a Goldfish is an actual sea creature. 
Too late, almost. 
Stick to sativas and hybrids. A strong indica can put you on your ass any time of day. 
You have any idea how much real Ice Cube costs!? 
I don't think you can. Don't think about satisfying the craving. Think about how you're going to get rid of it. If someone told me they needed to have pizza every now and then, and that nothing else can replace it, there is no advice to give other than just learn to live without it. I lost 80lbs this year to get healthy for the first time in my life, and it required giving up a lot of the foods I used to love. I don't even think about those foods any more. Maintaining good health requires a degree of discipline and making changes.    
When it dips
Hey Elon,

Can you speak at all on behalf of what capacity you anticipate utilizing 3D printed components for spacecraft like the Raptor in the near future?

I would love to hear anything about that and what predictions you may have for practical 3D printing applications in the near future in regard to industrial manufacturing.

Thanks for your time.      
So you're saying the President happens to be an isolated incident in the test group?  
Means it's gonna waste a small portion of its processing power to deliver a unique version of the Android UI, just like Samsung does. 
I'm an absolute nazi. I've been lifting for over a year without any issues like this until now. Maybe it's just a pulled muscle? 
My lower back has been bothering me since last week (feels like something I could stretch or rotate to fix, but just won't fix) and now it's back day again ðŸ˜‘
As someone on a low carb diet, this really is food porn to me. 
That's so fucking cool it's stupid 
Bet he takes Venmo
Anyone with real abilities like that would not sell themselves out for $1M. It's far more valuable than that. 
Can't remember, but it's coming up soon. 
Football 
I'm in at $98. Hoping to run a small profit this upcoming week and then get out before earnings. I'm not confident enough to hold through. 
There was a time when I was doing 6 to 8 miles per day. You have nothing to worry about. 
Well that's fucked
Society sabotages itself regularly with divisive politics and social media hivemind. The end result is that we've regressed to a culture where nearly no one thinks for themselves, and if they do, they are condemned for it.   
I would love for there to be PUGs for Trials. Then I might actually have a shot at going flawless ðŸ˜‚
Dawg, you can't go around telling people about this place! 
Why not President Zoidberg? 
This owl is basically my cat
What's wrong with red? 
Idiot should've just uninstalled the app and then reinstalled to reset the balance. 
Never go all in on anything 
Don't overlook $V
You still have much gud to git. 
Is mayonnaise an instrument? 
Wow, and here I thought Irish people didn't tan well!
If I could upvote this 1000 times, I would. 
Those are completely different stocks. I don't know what kind of answer you're looking for. 
Guy could actually take a break from leg day. Imo, they're outpacing the rest of his body by a little bit. 
Don't expect good financial advice for large investments without paying for it. 
That chorus line sounds like something from a Jamiroquai song 
Beat the raid noob
Don't get too impressed, guys. He upgraded the torch to +10
Democratic Socialism
MATI gives me a nice little boost to focus and energy. 
Yo, Ye is just cultivating mass. 
My mom routinely buys me a tacky t-shirt that's too big on me, every time she takes a trip somewhere. I love her spirit, but I'd much prefer a lunch or something. 
Nailed it! 
You're better off just cooking the pasta al dente in a separate saucepan and then adding them together when both are ready. 
Hey, thanks for applying! Please send me a friend request and I'll add you to the list of prospects. As soon as I'm available, I'll send you a private chat and we can see if you're a good fit. Until then, please upvote the thread for visibility. Thanks! 
Hey, thanks for applying! Please send me a friend request and I'll add you to the list of prospects. As soon as I'm available, I'll send you a private chat and we can see if you're a good fit. Until then, please upvote the thread for visibility. Thanks! 
Sometime around late 2016o
It's 2017. Anything goes these days. 
Wow! Who would get a Carrot Top tattoo these days? 
Hey, thanks for applying! Please send me a friend request and I'll add you to the list of prospects. As soon as we're both online at the same time, I'll send you a private chat and we can see if you're a good fit. Until then, please upvote the thread for visibility. Thanks! 


Hey, thanks for applying! Please send me a friend request and I'll add you to the list of prospects. As soon as we're both online at the same time, I'll send you a private chat and we can see if you're a good fit. Until then, please upvote the thread for visibility. Thanks! 
Hey, thanks for applying! Please send me a friend request and I'll add you to the list of prospects. As soon as we're both online at the same time, I'll send you a private chat and we can see if you're a good fit. Until then, please upvote the thread for visibility. Thanks! 
Hey, thanks for applying! I'll add you to the list of prospects. As soon as we're both online at the same time, I'll send you a private chat and we can see if you're a good fit. Until then, please upvote this thread for visibility. Thanks! 
Hey, thanks for applying! I'll add you to the list of prospects. As soon as we're both online at the same time, I'll send you a private chat and we can see if you're a good fit. Until then, please upvote this thread for visibility. Thanks! 
Hey, thanks for applying! Please send me a friend request and I'll add you to the list of prospects. As soon as we're both online at the same time, I'll send you a private chat and we can see if you're a good fit. Until then, please upvote the thread for visibility. Thanks! 


Hey, thanks for applying! Please send me a friend request and I'll add you to the list of prospects. As soon as we're both online at the same time, I'll send you a private chat and we can see if you're a good fit. Until then, please upvote this thread for visibility. Thanks! 

Hey, thanks for applying! Please send me a friend request and I'll add you to the list of prospects. As soon as we're both online at the same time, I'll send you a private chat and we can see if you're a good fit. Until then, please upvote this thread for visibility. Thanks! 


Hey, thanks for applying! Please send me a friend request and I'll add you to the list of prospects. As soon as we're both online at the same time, I'll send you a private chat and we can see if you're a good fit. Until then, please upvote this thread for visibility. Thanks! 


Hey, thanks for applying! Please send me a friend request and I'll add you to the list of prospects. As soon as we're both online at the same time, I'll send you a private chat and we can see if you're a good fit. Until then, please upvote this thread for visibility. Thanks! 
Cool, I received your request. The soonest opportunity when we're both online, I'll send you a chat invite and we'll see if you're a good fit! In the meantime, I would appreciate an upvote for the post to maximize visibility. Thanks! 
Thanks for reaching out! I'll party chat you as soon as we're both online at the same time to see if we're a good fit. In the meantime, please upvote the post for extra visibility if you haven't already. 


Thanks for reaching out. I'll party chat you as soon as we're both online at the same time and see if we're a good fit. In the meantime, please upvote the post for extra visibility if you haven't already.  
Cool! Send me a friend request on psn and upvote this post for visibility. I'll be online later tonight. If you're available at the time, let's chat and see if you're a good fit. 
Sounds good. What's your psn ID so I know what to look out for? 
Very cool! I'll likely be online in a few hours. Send me a friend request and hopefully we can chat soon. 

Also, if you could upvote this post for more visibility, that would be much appreciated! 
You should be given $4, that way you are also faced with the despair of knowing you were so close to being able to chose anything else. 
Awesome! Request received. I'll be online at some point later tonight and we can chat. 
Moon Door 
Looks like Dragon Con
Pathetic amount of salt and pepper. Needs twice that.  
I've got some news for you
I'd rather spend m'good boy points on some quality tendies. 
Sorry, I don't date gingers. 
HO. LEE. SHIT. 
Great format and execution, but very limited in applicable content. I'm not touching this one. 
Include me in the screencap
Hope he gets well soon. Still so much to do, so much to see. 
Wow, it's almost as if the first iteration of a game series wasn't fine tuned to perfection. 
It would become far more effective and less expensive if UBI provisions were offered by degree of income, where the poorest citizens receive the full $1k/month and middle class maybe only receive $500/month and wealthy receive no aid. This would be determined by income by tax bracket. 
*accustomed 
Nothing wrong with push-ups, but you're going to seriously limit your gains vs doing a bench press with appropriate weight. 
If people in the '80s saw this, they'd shit their pants. 
Buy protein powder and a gym membership 
Meh, he'll learn his lesson in time. He's hardly using any money, so his risk doesn't really matter. 
Snorted preworkout? That's when I stopped watching. 
Child of Light was already a ps+ free title, no? 
It's not just social anxiety. People like me just like to do things ourselves, and I feel like I can do it quickly and efficiently. Nobody likes waiting in line. 
Easy, just ask him how he spells his name. 
It would be karma poetic if her newborn is a dwarf
Because it is literally a professional boxing match
Not a bad move. If you're willing to accept a little bit of risk, putting it into an index fund could be a good idea. It wouldn't be unreasonable to gain 10% or more in that period of time. Definitely beats letting it sit in the bank imo 
It's a good pick, but consider that even Bill Gates, himself, limits it as 19% of his portfolio. I guess what I'm saying is buy it, but don't go all in. 
That was an anemic attempt at a pun
I would literally travel to eat this. Where is it? 
Will people judge? Of course. But they're opinion is not your concern. If anyone actually says anything out loud, they're just an asshole who probably has low self esteem about themself. If you make friends at the gym, they will probably respect you for putting in work when you explain your condition. 
THE EVER ELUSIVE TRI-BLEP! 
If anyone asks, just tell them that this is one of the final stages of of your ninja training; then bow and carry on.  
Don't sweat. Ksu will ALWAYS find a way to take your money. You may be charged a late fee or something. 
In all fairness, I've never actually seen Africa in person. As far as I'm concerned, I could've just been lied to my whole life. 
Does ksu have a boxing program? 
Vegana*
They're both important in their own ways (obviously), but for me, it's all about the cycle of motivation. I work really hard in the gym because I eat healthy and want to get the most out of what I just ate. Then I continue to eat healthy because I'd feel bad if I were to forsake all of the hard work I just put in the gym.    
Prepare to get hella frustrated on Demon Prince and Midir
Dude's gonna wake up in the year 3056
Love the ticker. I bought a nice bundle back when it was in the low 80s. No ragrets
New one looks like Tywin
$RACE Live fast, or die trying. 
Protip: don't ever ask that question on a first date 
I told my brother this game is easy. Damned scrub 
I'll sell you a picture of a yacht for that amount. Git gud and invest that to make some real money. 
Because it's a meme. I won't judge though, I've made a pretty penny shorting this nonsense. If people just want to hand over their money to me, I won't say no. 
Not a fan of delicious, but this is sirloin! 
So...you just leave that vanilla bean in there?
and the tendies floweth 
Saw it on Facebook 2 days ago. It can only go downhill from here
Trust nothing. Meet with your advisor 
Use $5500 of that to open up a Roth IRA. Spend it on a large ETF like SPY and set dividends to reinvest. Never look back until you're ready to retire. If possible, contribute another $5500 every year. 

With the remaining $1500, use that to balance your portfolio by investing in something other than tech.    
Is this like a new tactic to boost shareholder value?  
For the sake of safety and long term gains, I'd never recommend going much more than 15Â° past parallel. 
Why does everyone on the internet think that 3+ days means holding long? 
I think that's part of why it's so great. You can tell he's definitely no rookie ðŸ˜‚
It's definitely a different style, but it's by far the closest thing you'll find to a Souls game that isn't an actual Souls game. 
It has an overwhelming amount of similarities to Soulsborne games. I literally thought they might have legal issues from how close it was. 
I live right near a Brazilian Steakhouse buffet and my friends and I go at least twice a month. Picanha is the house special and everyone is all about it. It's SO good! 
If you actually feel bad, then go back and tip her. 
Yeesh, that is not a good looking kid 
Get through Bloodborne and then play Nioh. It's not a From Software game, but it basically is. 
*300 minutes 
I prefer to remember him on his Birthday, July 24th, to honor his life. 
Y Finnick face look like she been workin at the DMV for 25 years? 
Well since you're dad said that, I'm gonna go ahead and liquidate my entire portfolio now and short everything.  
When Dark Souls starts leaking into real life...
I assumed you grilled it on a literal house chimney until I got to the last pic. I need to get some sleep. 
How? Going for a swim seems nicer than having your legs broken
h
Looking better than me for sure
Any kind of Cheerios that aren't the classic Cheerios. Honey Nut Cheerios have a bunch of sugar. Even the 'healthy' Multigrain Cheerios have a ton of sugar! Read nutrition labels. 
Cool, but I wouldn't. 
Excellent ( Í¡Â° ÍœÊ– Í¡Â°) 
I'm still long on $ROPE
Wow, levels above what I was expecting. 
Don't eat until you're full. Eat until you're not hungry anymore. 
Fair point
Looking absolutely cajun-roasted 
It's practically the official slogan of public transit
Clearly you haven't been keeping up with the Browns. 
That's two letters, brah. 
OP said high dividends
Jesus Christ, did you just join this sub after watching the Wolf of Wall Street? Shorting is the opposite of buying a stock. You sell shares that you don't actually own, with the intention of buying them out later in order to cancel out. If they're cheaper when you buy out, then you made a profit.    
That's totally up to you. I don't know how much money you're working with (and I don't need to) but if you do the math, you'll see whether or not it is worth it to you. 
"Cynthia? I haven't heard that name in years..." *puffs meth-laced cigarette*
It's definitely a step up from just letting your money sit in the bank, but if you're not trying to invest too much money right now, I think an Index fund is still a better choice for the time being. Dividend funds can be very powerful tools, but even the best ones reap pathetic gains unless you pour a lot of money into them. For example, if you were to purchase $50k worth of PTY today, your aggregate annual dividend payout on it would only be something like $4750...and that's before tax. But as you can see, still better than letting it sit in the bank, collecting a fraction of a percent. 
Ahh, glad to see my baby PTY getting some of the limelight. I'm not sure what you mean by small scale, but understand that your dividend yield is directly correlated with the size of investment you're willing to make. Like the second article said, you absolutely can retire on 300k, but taking advantage of these types of funds is pretty much the only way to do it. A strategy I've learned from the mega rich (and it'll take us both a while before we have the funds to do this effectively) is to put your bulk wealth into a fund like SPY, so that you are always slowly growing your wealth (this will be your family legacy) and then have the rest of your money (at least a few hundred thousand) in PTY and treat those dividends like paychecks. You may never live a wild and fancy life, but you will always have money if you spend appropriately. 
I bro split though, so I only hit a particular muscle group each day. Each of my muscle groups always technically get 7 days to recover. Should be sustainable. 
I literally don't know what a week off feels like, and I'm not gonna test it. 
Christ, just find some middle ground. 
The dividends will come once you've already amassed a nice share of wealth that you can invest all into a high-yield dividend trust (PTY being one of my favorites). Don't expect it to be able to pay the bills though unless you've got a good 500k+ to put down. In my opinion, it's the absolute best way to supplement income or assist in retirement. 

In regard to growth stocks that offer high yields...this is where things get risky. If it seems to be too good to be true, I can almost guarantee that it is. When you're an investor (not a gambler) there is no such thing as quick easy money. Yes, you can potentially multiply your money quickly in certain stocks, but you can just as quickly lose it all. If everyone knew how to safely multiply their wealth, they'd do it. I'm not even going to recommend anything in that realm to you, at least not yet. 

Patience will take you a long way. I've been trading for 11 years now and I can tell you with my experience that all of my safer slow growing investments have ALWAYS paid off better than the more short term riskier things I've invested in. 

The riskiest investments in my portfolio right now are big tech stocks like GOOGL and AMZN, and it's only because I'm so confident in their long-term growth. Blue chip stocks and index funds will be your best friend as you start out. Get your feet wet and do a ton of research first before you decide to start moving away from that stock market "safe space". 
It's all good, I'm glad to help. Securities are one of the few things I'm a pro at, so I love talking about it and educating others. I'm considering writing a book. 
You go outside? REEEEEEEEEE GET OUT NORMIE
By limitations, I mean they can sometimes take long to transfer funds (I've heard anecdotes of some errors occurring before but were eventually fixed), they don't have any proprietary trading software, I think they have limits on how many trades you can make per day, and I'm pretty sure you can only buy, sell, and short stocks. I don't think you'll have access to options and derivatives trading at all...but that's not really necessary for a rookie anyway. Also, I'm pretty sure their customer service is non-existent. But as long as you just want to trade stocks at a basic level, it should be fine. 
Yes, if you trade through RobinHood, all trades are free. Just know that it has limitations because of that. It's a good tool for a rookie investor.  

And yes, VOOG is the Vanguard growth index. It's also a great choice
No, I hear securities is where the real money is at. 
Yeah, that's correct. If you wanted to split it up that way, you could only purchase two shares of each, and the remaining cash would just sit there. 

Now you can certainly do whatever you like, but since you're only starting with 1k, I would advise puting it all into four shares of one or the other. Any time you purchase or sell a stock, there is a ~$5 trade fee. While $5 isn't much, it does add up if you trade often, and I believe on cutting cost wherever possible. 
Fair point. Thanks for the reply
Been looking at Baba for a while but I still haven't committed. Knowing the price today, would you buy it if you didn't already own it? 
No problem, I'm happy to help. Those index funds I mentioned are indeed stocks, so you're actually on the right track. These are stocks that essentially track portions of the market, and they're accessible to anyone! 
*when split into groups*

"Gold team rules!" 
That blows. He's gonna miss the new season of Game of Thrones 
Hey, that kinda money could feed a family for a week back in his day! 
r/wallstreetbets obviously 
If that's "novice" then I'm just fucked. 
No you're exactly right. With fundrise, you would have experts putting your portfolio together. It's just that these experts absolutely do not work for free and charge management fees wherever they can. It's okay if you want to be totally hands-off, but even a little bit of research will let you make a few small investments without paying pros to do it for you. 

As I mentioned earlier, index funds are incredibly safe. I wouldn't even call it a gamble. They won't grow super fast, but you could expect around 8% annual growth on it - which is far better than any interest you would get from just letting your money sit in the bank.    
Just did some quick research on it. It seems like an okay option, but they have a lot of hidden fees that will ultimately minimize your gains. REITs are not a bad investment in general, but I wouldn't recommend it for a rookie, because picking the right one is a bit of a chore. Don't be afraid to make an account with a big brokerage. Schwab has amazing customer service and they'll always help you if you're in need of help or advice. In fact, they might still be running the promo where they'll give you $100 to get started. Accounts are totally free and the only fees you'll pay are trade commissions (approx $5 per trade) which is well worth it in my opinion. They also have a very intuitive mobile app that I use as my primary method of trading. 
Fundraise.com looks like a website for making donations. I have no idea what that is. If you want to invest, start an account with a reputable brokerage that is FDIC insured. I use Charles Schwab, but I hear ETrade, TD Ameritrade, and Merrill Lynch are also all good options. 
To keep it mega safe and boring, stick with index funds like SPY or VOO until you learn how to invest better. These funds follow entire markets, so as long as the economy is doing well, so will these stocks. They're also very liquid, so you could comfortably put a ton of money into them and then easily pull out whenever you want to. 
Open a brokerage account and make some safe boring investments. You'll be glad you did once you start reeling in decent dividend checks for life. 
Just started a fresh playthrough with a Sorcerer (my 7th character). Anyone have any tips for a glass cannon pure sorcery build for PvE? Is it even possible without investing in faith/miracles?

Btw, yes, I do understand that I will need a melee weapon to get through certain parts. Any recommendations on that would be great too.  

Also, would it be worth it to keep my equip load under 30% on this guy? 

Thanks in advance!   
Not only do you need a healthy investment in the luck stat (30+), but you also need a blood infusion on your weapon for it to be viable. Also, leveling up the weapon will increase bleed. 
Irithyll Dungeon is cancer. Love everything else. 
Like you said, going deprived will take away the chance to min/max. However, if your goal is to try many builds on one character, it is the best choice. Also, skill will always take you further in PvP than stats will anyways... 
Nigga that's just real life + magic
r/anthemthegame
I share the same thoughts as you, but I still feel too nervous to buy in just due to how long the negative trend has been running. I wouldn't consider buying in until the reverse trend actually starts. 
The one you just lost. 
This is so true. If you're putting in your best effort every time, the only difference between you and the guy with the 100lb dumbbells is how long he's been doing it. 
Hiding your stash inside a bomb. Brilliant. 
Looking completely marinaded 
How can she hate when it looks like she got the 2 for $20 deal with her tattoos
I just want loot! 
Absolute madman! 
Microsoft, Google, Amazon, and Facebook each possess incredible working capital, top executive leadership, and an inherent need to continually innovate to stay relevant and expand their businesses. Not to mention, all of these companies have still yet to realize their potential in international markets as well as the opportunity to build more value and services for the consumers they already provide for. I'm especially confident in Google and Amazon for those reasons. 
All of his tech picks are good long though. Short term might be bumpy, but he can literally ignore his portfolio for a year and login one day and see some serious gains. 
Written by Chad? REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Different studio. Do your homework. 
Oh that's cool. I didn't even know there was a friend feature. 
You got it! 

Any time man, I love talking about this stuff. It's all I know haha
Yeah, a 9.6% dividend is pretty high, but like I said, don't expect much of an increase in valuation on your principle. The dividend payout should be your only expectation of that investment. While the value of PTY has fluctuated a lot over the years, it always tends to magnetize itself to a "home price" of about $17 per share. 

That being said, yes you could set dividends to reinvest, but it wouldn't really be worth it since we don't expect the valuation to increase over time. You're better off just taking those dividends as paychecks. 
I think the upward trend is right around the corner. Tech got hit hard this past week, but I don't see that continuing beyond this week. 
Yeah, Ferrari is actually a bit of an anomaly to me. It's financials and leadership seem super solid, but I can't understand why it's grown as fast as it has (perhaps it's due for a correction?) . Yes, they've been around for a while, but they only became publicly traded in the US about a year and a half ago. To me, that dividend is unnecessarily generous, so it was an easy buy for me. 

Regarding the dividend trusts: no, you don't need a lot of money to buy in, but you do need a lot money to make it worth your while. One of my favorites is PTY. They currently offer something like a 9.6% dividend, which is great, but understand that the value of the actual security will (for the most part) stagnate because of how much money they pay out in dividends (so don't expect your principal to grow much). 

A common (and almost always successful) strategy of the mega wealthy retired is to put the majority of their money into an index like SPY or VOO in order to safely and slowly grow their wealth, and then put the rest into PTY and treat the dividends like paychecks. 

And you are right on the money about the put option against the indexes. Insurance on your money is one of the best ways to explain it. It can definitely be expensive, but in my opinion worth it, if you have a lot of money at stake. 
Well, I tend to change things up every now and then, but my strategy is based on my current goal for growth. For my Roth IRA, I have the entire amount invested in index funds. I can let those sit for years and not worry about them - they'll grow. 

For my regular trading account I tend to have 50% sitting in blue chip tech or finance companies, 35% in fast growing companies that offer dividends (like $RACE), and the remaining 15% or so I consider playing money, so I might use that for penny stocks or other interesting opportunities. These percentages change every now and then based on what I'm in the mood for. 

I will tell you though, my strategy will change significantly once I'm in retirement mode. At that point I'll want most of my portfolio sitting in high-yield dividend trusts and maybe 20% in whatever seems to be growing at the time. Just to cover my ass in case of a market failure, I'll probably buy some put options against an index fund; that way I can walk away with minimal losses in the event of a recession or something.  
yeah... 
That's a tough question to answer. I imagine there is no legal consequences on their behalf since making a trade is wholeheartedly my decision to make. 

I've never literally asked for advice on a stock pick, but I imagine I would get different opinions from different types of investors (which is why it may be pointless to ask). I have, however, picked their brains to get some ideas of general strategies on mitigating risk and maximizing returns by placing focuses on certain types of securities in my portfolio. 
Yes, this only works if you liquidate the stocks and take the loss. Keep this in mind though, just because you have a $1000 loss doesn't mean you're getting 1000 dollars back, but (for example) if you're into he 25% tax bracket, you may be able to recover $250 in credit.  

In regard to technical questions, I've had a few account-specific things I've needed to review regarding my beneficiary account, and few questions about the exchange of some new international securities. 

Not quite sure what you're asking about a broker's fiduciary responsibility.     
If you had a net loss of $1000, you can definitely file for a tax credit. It's not a total write-off, but it essentially would lower you taxable income by exactly $1000.

Btw, Schwab definitely still knows how to get their money. It's $5 per trade and I imagine that adds up quick for them. On the plus side, Schwab has some of the best customer service I've ever seen. Brokers will be happy to give free advice and answer any questions you have. They are very knowledgeable. I've only managed to ever stump them with a few really technical questions I've had...and even then, they were quick to find answers for me. 
Can't you make the exact same argument about the US? 
We're all immortal until the day we die
BUT IT WASSS
Actually it's still very worth it even for very modest gains. Although I get charged monthly for the interest rate, I believe it accrues internally on a day by day basis. So if I were to borrow for only one day, I would only pay the approx 1/30th of that 1/12th at the end of the month. 

And yes, to answer your question earlier. If you have 50k in your account (whether it's in cash or securities), you can borrow 50k. 

Oh, and to answer your other question, tax for short term gains is always taxed as regular income (regardless if it was on margin or not). Although I have yet to determine whether or not I can get any tax credit for the interest I pay on those loans. 
You're pretty much spot on. Schwab let's me borrow as much money as I want, equal to the amount of liquid assets I have in my account. The interest rate is actually pretty generous (something like 5% APR), where 1/12th of that rate is charged every month. However, if I buy a stock on margin and sell it for a profit within a week or so, it's like I hardly accrued any interest at all. 
I hear ya man. I bought 20 more shares of GOOGL on margin this week at 971. It might be a minute before I can turn a profit on it. 
If you're looking for a discount, be sure not to miss your opportunity. It may already be here. I really don't see GOOGL going under $910 and I don't see AMZN going under $960
I think there will definitely be carrot chasing for the sake character advancement, however, as far as I can tell, there is no PvP. I do see the possibility of having "preferred" gear or weapons for particularly difficult end-game content, but honestly, it's all too far out right now to even speculate on that.  

If you're worried that not committing enough time will make you irrelevant, I'd say that's a reasonable concern, but I don't think it will be nearly the kind of disparity that you'll find between Destiny players. 
The fact that they're open to input just reaffirms to me that this game will be great and the community will be great. 
I don't think it'll ever crash. I think it will just continue to inflate, and then get hit with a minor correction every now and then. Much like a boiling pot that needs to let out some steam. 
That's a bit strange. I've had my S7 edge since launch and the power/volume buttons are still new-looking. Perhaps the international version I bought has a slightly different manufacturing process? 
I use the S7 edge. I usually upgrade phones every two years, but I can see myself using it longer than that, as long as I manage not to break it. 
No idea what you're talking about
I believe the word is "microblep" 
Looking pan-seared
But what if Squarepants is literally just his last name and has nothing to do with the dimensions of his clothing. 
Maybe it's time I finally invest in AAPL? 
I'm not your guy, fwiend. 
Short sell of the century
daddy
The Division actually was a good game...they just kinda forgot all about the end-game. I think Bioware will be able to do a good job preventing the same kinds of issues. 
I thought it was alright. Not bad, but not great either. 
Yeah, just gonna have to hang tight for a bit. It's dropping lower than I thought, but it will always rebound eventually. 
It's a placeholder. Not even the dev team would be able to honestly give you a date this far out
WOW GOOD THING I BOUGHT A TON OF SHARES YESTERDAY
Whoa dude, you just went too far. 
Why is it that every time a buy a stock, it immediately goes down? 
Even if this game doesn't meet my expectations, it will still be great. 
These new consoles are stronger than ever. I don't see why much downgrading would need to happen. If the Pro and the One X didn't exist, I could understand, but that's not the case. 
It's not really on his hip, as much as it is on his side stomach extension. 
We need to hook that dude up with Aunt Jemima
Tbh, 95% of my money is always invested. I only keep a few grand in the bank just to have access to money for purchases. Of the money I have invested, 80% stays in long term safe investments, 20% I use for day trades and swing trades. Once you realize the gains you can get from investing in safe companies, you'll never hold money in your savings account again. 
It depends on your strategy and how well it plays out. Personally, my account isn't even worth 6 figures, but I still manage to pay my bills, live comfortably, and save for retirement. 
Relax. It's small portion of my portfolio. I allow for a bit of playing money on penny stocks every now and then. 
Not a dumb question at all. After hours (4pm to 8pm) and pre market (4am to 9:30 am) trading are extensions of the usual trading hours. Most individuals don't have access to these market hours (although you can gain access if you really wanted to) . They are usually controlled by institutional investors that make large single trades. What happens in after hours and pre market will determine what price a stock opens up at on the following trading day when regular hours begin.  
Wow, somebody is bitter about their stocks
I trade professionally as my source of income, so I put down a bit more, but I prefer not to talk about the size of the trades I deal in. 
It could warrant an acquisition from a big Pharma company
I'm in today at $0.32. Let's see what happens. 
And have them ruin your collectable PokÃ©mon bedspread? I think not
Palindrome turns me into 100% NaCl
Exactly this. When you have some players that have access to certain weapons and gear, it becomes unfair and really just a battle of who ends up walking into a match with the best setup. Any Destiny player will tell you that they continuously see the same handful of weapons used in the crucible over and over and over again....in a game with hundreds of weapons to be collected. 
I'd bet all my money on no. This game isn't going to be tailored to hard-core gamers who expect tactical play and sweaty precision 24/7. The dev team themselves have made statements on how this is a game they want to be able to play with their kids. This game is marketed to the same audience as Destiny - which is all ages/all platforms/easy to learn, but hard to master. Just for the sake of being accessible to casual players, friendly fire is absolutely a no-go.
I think it's wayyyy to early to even be discussing this. We don't even know what the regular content is. 
I don't suppose you'll be sharing those hi res wallpapers, will you? 
I'm still long on amzn, I only sold my short term shares that I bought on the dip. No ragrets
Just bought another 10 at $950. I'm hopeful of something in the near future 
Kids are too coddled these days. Back in my day, the concussions you got from this ride were just part of the charm. 
I wanna poke his bellybutton 
What in the holy hell is Gyazo? 
.....such a delight 
Why not just ask for a picture so you could get a much better shot? 
You know I could use the XP
Knowing nothing else about this guy, I somehow get the feeling he is over 300 lbs
Finally, someone asking the real questions. 
I like being able to switch between the two based on the situation
If they're competent, a private beta should suffice. But that being said, I would like a public beta just so I could get my hands on it. 
5/10. It's a shared world shooter where loot drops seem to be the focus. That being said, the big differences that appear to me just from the demo are the detailed open world, freedom in exploration, personalized customization, and that it looks like you only need one character. These games have some similarities (and thus, largely attract the same audience) but I believe the overall experience will be unique. I'm certainly willing to give it a shot. 

What I'm most excited about (and where Anthem really appears to stand out) is that it looks like they've created a lush, dense, organic-feeling world full of life. So many games have made that claim before, but none have ever actually delivered on it. Anthem has a big opportunity in that department. 
Ramadan is rough, bro.
That's a big reason why I love Borderlands. Everything pretty much looks "as it should". 
Congrats on getting started! I started investing at age 13 as well, and now (eleven years later) I'm already preparing for an early retirement. My advice is to do a lot of reading and learn as much as you can about business and why successful investors are successful. When the time came, I decided to go to business school to get my bachelor's in management. I can say it was certainly a helpful education to have under my belt. 

...also, stay away from r/wallstreetbets   
Definitely won't dethrone Rocket League, but it may definitely be a contender for best ps+ free game of 2017.
I've got good feelings on SHOP and SQ. Both are fast growing tech companies that have only just scraped the surface of their potential consumer base.
I get the feeling it might lose steam soon, but in the grand scheme of things, it won't matter. I see a ton of growth in AMZN if you're planning on holding long.
Put all of your money into index funds until you actually learn how you want to invest.
Can't argue with that
>if you would of just bought 100 little shares

Like I would ever spend $33,000 on a unsupported, grammatically incorrect tip from one of my faggot friends on Facebook 
What are you gonna do with the remaining 23 hours and 45 minutes?
This headline has been relevant for nearly a decade now
Nice! I've started calling my right hand my "girlfriend" too
Me hoy minoy!
Nothing crazy about this idea
I've already got my divorce papers ready! 
You didn't need to mention that you use Robinhood for me to know that you use Robinhood.
Honestly, not soon enough.
I'd recommend getting in before the split for two reasons.

1. Fresh splits often attract new investors - which tends to give the new price a quick surge upward.

2. If it, for example, is a 1 to 2 split, you now own twice as many shares (at half the price) but this also means that your total investment is now twice as sensitive to changes in the stock price - which is a great thing in a bullish market.   
Ohh God, you looked like a 40 yr old school bus driver
It likely will split once it reaches a desired milestone
Some people are professional traders and literally look at stock prices all day. Stop orders are extremely useful to me. 
Spend that money on your education
My favorite part is how she thinks that's what a 5-star meal looks like
Chef Ramsay says "wooster" sauce, so that's how I say it now.   
Buy RACE instead. Almost no volatility. Consistently improving financials. Nearly 100% price increase over the past year. They even offer a dividend.
A dollar spent, is a dollar less invested.
Sweet mother of squat racks!
No reason not to be! Can't beat that low tax rate
It isn't meant to have any light leak
I play survival of the fittest in my portfolio. If there's a great buy opportunity available, that means I should sell something that's underperforming and put it into this new opportunity. It keeps the portfolio lean and mitigates waste. It doesn't happen often, but if you really do your DD, it's beneficial 95% of the time.
He said he was new to trading. Unless he's going to be trading it like an experienced day trader, I can almost guarantee he'll be making more money with a blue chip investment. AUPH is still a penny stock and highly volatile. There are much better long term holds out there. This sub is way too obsessed with making quick money on penny stocks.
Get rid of AUPH and put that 6% cash to work
So you would think the new gen could handle that no problem, right?
Looks like the kid from MAD
Yeah, could've sworn 30fps at 1080p was supposed to be the standard for last gen.
A real ruff negotiator. He's got pupper management written all over him.
I'm aight
This is brilliant since you automatically start with 1 upvote
Your opinion stated as fact sure is valuable to this conversation. 
If they could actually just remake AC1 with modern graphics/engines, that could be fantastic. Altair's story is still my favorite.
This...this is no game for kids
Is that seriously his name?
They're basically mutual funds that trade like stocks. I like em
Yeah, everyone in this thread is being a whiny cunt. This movie looks awesome and I'm definitely going to go see it.
Don't skip leg day
I don't even know what to say. That is a gorgeous piece and the hands are very well done!
It's the best domestic beer that isn't craft.
Megan...
I live with my cat and I still want one. Please let me know if you find an answer!
This is how we get around in Atlanta now.
Your mom looks like Shrek and Eric Andre had a baby
weeks*
Still is edgy
Dawg, he's been saying that for like 2 years now.
It's hard to point you in the right direction, but at the very least, I'll keep you away from the wrong direction. Stay away from r/wallstreetbets
At least 16!
Leideleideleidleeee
Macbook pros aren't a good gauge of laptop era performance. They tend to be some the lowest performing in their price range.
How's your skill with a bow?
That is one clean circumcision!
I think there's something to be said about people who don't use pictures of themselves for their own profile pic.
Raw financial analysis is my strategy. It's not exciting, but it works. Enterprise Value and PEG ratios are nice tools, but I like reading detailed reports. 
Plenty of upside left in Amazon
So...extension? I can't find anything on Google about what's going on right now.
I have Google Fiber and my down speeds are still awful on my Ps4 (wonderful on everything else). There's gotta be something going on. 
That feeds two in the US
Pretty solid lineup. Considering the current state of affairs, it wouldn't be a bad idea to add BA or GD as well.
Being broke. It passes for cute when you're 20. Not cool when you're 30. At all. Take care of yourself financially.
I'm hoping all 24 tips are Git Gud
It's definitely not a dead skin and bug sponge if you just buy the waterproof mattress protector with it!

Source: I sell beds
Must be nice having a home gym
Oh, that's great to hear! I must've been mistaken.
It does fall within. But you can only buy the $3000 autopilot package after buying the $8000 assisted driving.
Holy shit, If we wore Moon Shoes with our Socker Boppers, we could rule all of Asia. 
The Model S upgrade package
From what I understand, $8000 actually only gets you assisted (largely autonomous) driving. Full autonomy is an extra $3k or so on top of that.
Tea room? Where do you work, IT support at a monastery?
I think "Millennial" is more of culture than just a defined age group. Some 30-year-olds fit; some don't. 
Everybody wants to rule the world.
I definitely wouldn't say AMZN is at a stable bottom, but I would argue that there so much upside, that it doesnt really matter. I rate it a Buy.
It's easy when your arms weigh 50lbs each.
It is, if you're continually getting better at it or establishing some kind of collection or record.
Would've REEEEEE'd until I choked up blood 
I WAS WAITING FOR THE DAB WHERE'S THE DAB?
Or reveal them, but actually make them do something exotic!
I don't doubt Mr. Musk in the least bit, but you should know that a lot of TSLAs valutation is based on hope and speculation, not just numbers. If you look at their history, there is a lot of fluctuation in pricing over the past few years. I was fortunate enough to buy TSLA at $185 and then sell it for $279. I hold a reservation for a Model 3, so I really hope they do well. I just wouldn't feel safe putting a large investment into them at this present moment. Long-term, it should be an outstanding stock though.
Risky as hell, but enjoy the ride up!
For a company that has yielded around 350% growth just over the past 5 years, I have no reservations.
My vote is yes. Amazon is the largest part of my portfolio right now. I actually bought it at a higher price than it's at right now, but I still stand firmly behind my decision.
I actually prefer the first picture, but looks great regardless!
Yeah, because she probably couldn't save up for a retirement.
My vice is red meat. Can I still make it?
Ohh lord, my pants can only hold back so much force!
I'm holding Amazon long
What about an online retail giant like Amazon? As far as I can tell, they are only growing.
Very good point! I hadn't even considered how I would have to fight against that current to turn a profit. Sounds like just staying away is the smart choice. 
So, would you have any reservations about shorting them?
Very good points! Thanks for the input
Would you encourage short selling on it, or just stay away altogether?
Get it. More than worth full price
That peanut that fell out of the pan bothered me more than it should have.
Yep. I'm a holder.
Haha, I still wouldn't recommend it. Just saying it's possible. There are much better places to put your money.
Considering target price is usually a 18-month destination, that's actually not unrealistic.
I've been holding a 100 shares since it was $60. I don't want to let it go until I can break even.
Really?....This is where we draw the line? This is what raises "ethical concerns"?   
Promotion? This guy is lucky enough not to have already been swept away by the winds of evolution.
I should just learn to always come to the comments section first.
420 blzit
The phrase "I could care less" when they mean the opposite.
There will never be a better soundtrack than Castlevania: Symphony of the Night
Generally speaking, diversification is exactly what you want when you're trying to secure a retirement or a safe fund - but that's exactly what it is: safe. Safe investments rarely churn out much growth in short periods of time because they carry little risk. If you're trying to speed up your returns, you need to take a higher-risk approach with less diversification. I assume quicker growth is what you're looking for with only a $10k investment because obviously nobody is trying to retire on $10k.
I'm 24 and I consider a working-knowledge of Spongebob quotes as a minimum requirement to joining my friend group.   
Considering you're only working with $10k, I would actually recommend consolidating your portfolio significantly into one or two high-yield investments or at least a blue chip stock that's market-resistant.
>85%+ of reddit is white people

85%+ of reddit is /u/GallowBoob
I want the collector's edition
P/E ratios are very good, but you need to tailor your maximum based on the industry and the size of the business. There is technically no such thing as a good or bad P/E, it only becomes good or bad when you compare it to another competing business in the same industry.
Wow, guess I'm the only guy who liked Eight Crazy Nights
2 things can happen based on how the merger plays out. Either they pay you cash for all of your shares, or they get converted into shares of the new parent company. 
I'm holding til April 10th minimum
I've been investing for 10 years and it seems to me you've already learned the extremely valuable lesson of utilizing stop trades. This will always prevent you from bleeding out if your gains start to trail too much. It takes a little practice and personal touch, but I always adjust my stops as the gains increase. It doesnt have to be exactly 5%, but that's actually objectively a decent range to maintain.
I'd stand by this as well. It's a tremendous company growing at a great pace, and it even has a fair p/e ratio. It might not be the fastest grower, but in my mind it's one of the fastest growing long term holds that actually feels safe. I only wish it offered a dividend.
I may be old school, but I still place a decent amount of reliance on PEG ratios to determine valuation. I'm not quite savvy enough to calculate how well a business is doing across industry standards or within a particular economic climate, but I have yet to be stumped on this method. I only ever trade within my sphere of knowledge and it's panned out well 95% of the time. It's not the most exciting, but Buffett-style value investing works. Sure, we can make inferences about outdated manufacturing or operations practices, but if the oil industry has taught us anything, some of these businesses can be quite stubborn about maintaining the status quo and keeping their valuation up higher than it really should be.
Look carefully and you'll see Barack Obama on the saxophone!
Obviously you hold it by the blade
I'm not sure what you mean by manipulation. If you can be more specific, I'm happy to answer as best as I can.
Dude, I'm like 50 hrs into Nioh and I'm only about 70% through the main game on normal mode. This is a title that you could easily pour 200+ hrs into
I'd recommend anything that has the highest cacao percentage without having gone through the dutching process. That usually tends to be around 70% with most brands that offer it.
Definitely not too late to buy. In fact, you'll be getting in at a better price than I did.
As far as I can tell, the merger will be going through. I just bought in a few days ago, so I'm holding. The long-term projections are just too good to pass up with this company that's done so well for itself in the past year. 
Oh wow, that's actually a pretty solid idea. I never thought of balacing my portfolio like that. Thanks for the tip!
Can you tell me more about PTY? That dividend is very attractive
JNJ has me nervous with their recent volatility in value. Would you mind sharing some info or speculation on why it's a good bet for the future? 
What tools are you looking for? I've been trading with Schwab for over a decade now and I've never felt limited in functionality.
I was hoping a Navy SEAL would pop out and scare it
There is no wrong season to start watching
How reliable is this info? It gives both of these vehicles an MPG
Are you Klaus from American Dad?
I still don't lol
He literally became a pimp
Haha, never said anything about it being in proportion.
As a fan, I'm going into the game with an open mind. The only similarities I'm expecting are the general story, music, and the world FF7 took place in. This will be a controversial game because of all of the soon-to-be squashed expectations that people have for it. That being said, I hope it turns out great and I plan on buying the biggest fattest edition they offer. 
I dont drink because beer doesn't fit in my diet and good liquor is expensive.
Those quads are INSANE
This is exactly what I thought of when I read the title
I'm not sure how much it will go back up, but I would hold for now if I were you.
Yeah, at least crack cocaine is a tangible asset!
In the context of day trading, it's essentially impossible to compete at the level that robots trade at. Regardless, that doesnt mean you can't make money from it. On the other hand, swing trading and long-term investing will always be relevant as far as I can tell.
I actually haven't checked to see whether or not I could short. I trade with Schwab, so I'll look into it. If it gives me the option to short, I'll get back to you about it.
I'm scared to buy in because this stock has been yoyoing for nearly 2 years now. I don't know whether to buy or short, so I'll stay clear of it for now. I do agree that it is currently undervalued at the moment though, especially after today's drop. It may very well be a good buy, but it would be hard to estimate when you might see a  return.
While GILD may be undervalued, it has done nothing but sink since last June. I wouldn't feel confident buying in until I saw some signs that the trend is changing. Last thing I want to do is hop on board a sinking ship.
This is the only true answer
It makes me think of Whitey from 8 Crazy Nights
NKE is definitely undervalued. Unfortunately, I bought it back when it was $60/share. It's making it's way back up, but I won't sell when I reach my breakeven. I'm confident that it could make it's way to $70/share in the coming months
You are a hero! I will, thanks!
Ughh, you have the exact setup I want, but I'm only level 51 going through my first playthrough
Open ur cloth 
That dog looks like Kenny Loggins
It's probably not worth addressing. I wouldn't be surprised if they just rework the gym battle system in a future update.
He only works out with a boner
Other responses are good here, but also include standing oblique crunches. That's really going to help tone the sides to build more strength and get a chiseled aesthetic. 
Start with low weight. Even just the bar if neccesary. Having good technique is key to doing this without injury. It's not rocket science, but it's definitely something you want to practice and feel comfortable with before working with heavy weight.
The poor man's Tesla
Keep practicing
For most of these instances, regular students are becoming dealers just so they can pay their way. It's not so much about someone who has always dealt and wants to turn their life around.
Somebody gave birth to that.
Has anyone told him we've actually been to space already?
This is what you look like after 50+ Bassnectar shows
Show me the Carfax
Depends how often you take em running
Yeah dude, you just gotta put yourself out there and start meeting some new people. Eventually you're bound to find the right girl. Keep your head up.
That won't help because they require connectivity to access.
I believe you'll just be locked out. That would be ludicrous if they could actually remove content from your hard drive.
I mean, bodybuilders are weaker than powerlifters, but that's a dumb comparison. Bodybuilders will always still be way above the average strength of the average dude.
It'll last as long as you never wear em
Don't run. Just lift weights faster. Boom, cardio.
I can't wait until they make an updated model. I'd be sold.
Classic Jinbar.
I want whatever toothpaste he uses
Loved Destiny Year 1. It wasn't perfect but it was a lot of fun. Maybe it's just me, but it seems like as they added more dlc, the game got better, but the community got worse. Idk. 
That is one spicy meme
His parents must be so proud.
It's a good fighting game in it's own right. It's a must-have if you're a DBZ fan.
Sauron
Conan's earlier work was clearly his best.
Seriously though. If I were you, I'd set your goal to be an even 200lbs and then reassess once you get there. 180 might be more slim than necessary.
It's okay. They're with Jenova now. 
Nah, Team Barret
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE WHAT KIND OF TENDIES ARE THESE!?
The mitochondria meme isnt even a meme. People have been saying that since '80s science textbooks started saying it.
Please, my pants can only hold back so much pressure!
Some girls just can't be read!
*Sea
...said the single mom with the Snapchat Flower filter
Every politician that had a shot at changing things for the better.
Report back when you fall over from getting startled and ruin your living room forever.
Honestly, it's just a variation of nachos. Her mistake was taking a picture in the  dark with flash on, making it look like some kind of bile vomit.
Hah, sounds like we're two of a kind! I still play too many video games though
Y'know he's not really a superhero since he doesn't have any powers, unless you consider white privilege a superpower.
You'd think we'd have crustless bread by now
Once you overcome the hate, you will realize a kind of love that you've never experienced.
Wow, very pretty too! Top-notch transformation
He could just be really woke and be talking about the unending struggle of modern-day slavery faced by the lower class across the world. 
1. Everybody has a unique body with unique needs for improvement - both nutritionally and physically.

2. Every personal trainer and gym bro out there likes to think they know everything. Since they think they do, they are the vocal majority on the internet and they will very confidently give advice that may or may not be supported by significant evidence.

3. The nature of the internet. Relating quite a bit to point #2, misinformation is rampant online - even outside of the fitness world. It only gets worse as people try to invent new fitness and diet plans that offer "shortcuts" over the already well-established and throroughly tested plans that bodybuilders have been using since the dawn of gains. 

4. Crossfit.

   
Hate to see how he deals with blacks and Jews 
I hope so. I'd be very interested in the next Google Pixel if they could trim down the bezel significantly (along with waterproofing and a few other things I'd like).
I think it was once decided that Culver's is pretty top-tier. Gotta spend those GBP wisely
That is horror-movie tier. Great FU, OP!
Just needs a dragon. Then it's a Skyrim piece.
Lol, is that Mel Gibson?
I'm not sure if he's being sarcastic, but either way, that comment is hilarious.
how do you know my name
Awesome work! How tall are you?
I'd like to cast him as a summon
Can you make the game where you have the choice of fighting a horse-sized duck, or a bunch if duck-sized horses?
You must be really handsome
Off brand Doritos and diet soda!!?? I would've REEEEEEd until mummy's ears bled.
Is this the new FIFA?
You pretty much just sealed the deal on me going with Midnight Silver on my 3 when the time comes.
 #justiceforasif
I really wasn't expecting either until Q3 or Q4 this year
How the hell does this only have a 7.9 out of 10?
Bread on!
You have a lot of produce
Any relation to Jerome Shostak, author of the vocabulary books? 
I really hope she isn't kidding and you actually get dicked down
I'd say when the S8 drops.
Not enough BBQ sauce REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!! 
I see, this is for hard orders versus just a reservation commitment.
I assume Model 3 reservation holders don't qualify?
There's no way I would've had the patience to eat that the following day! Looks perfect!
"Hello darkness, my old friend...."
Wow dude! You don't even look like the same person
Is your girlfriend single?
It would've been raining piss jugs if I received that wretched filth REEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!
Literally Andy Samberg with a sepia filter. 
The Krusty Krab theme is based off of this shanty. You'll find it in a lot of the classic episodes.
Why do people think Obama is a dictator an has the ability to change everything on a whim. Believe me, if a president could just sign a pice of paper and make the economy better, he would.
The biggest reasons Crossfitters are mocked are: 
1. It is unreasonably expensive
2. The basic requirements to become a trainer at a Crossfit gym are laughably easy. You very well may come across trainers who are really just rookies, themselves.
3. Most importantly, much of what is done is unnecessarily dangerous. Safety needs to be a priority in the gym at all times, and a number of Crossfit techniques can actually kill (yes, not just injure) KILL you if not performed exactly right...and you'll look dumb the whole time you're dying.

If you're biggest goal right now is to lose some weight and tone up, there are plenty of simple things you can do - even without a gym at all. First and foremost, you need to adjust your diet. Your body is a direct reflection of what you eat. Most of your weight loss will come from a diet adjustment. If you're bold and disciplined enough, feel free to make dramatic changes, but stick to them religiously. I wasn't as disciplined at the beginning of my journey, so I made incremental changes over time that I wouldn't cheat on. I started by eliminating sugary drinks. If you drink soda, sweet tea, or fruit juices at all, this transition can provide huge benefits to your health almost immediately.

Regarding your exercise routine, make your first real week a test week. This is the best time to assess where you currently stand with your physical ability. If you have a gym available, find out how much weight you can comfortably lift in the 10-12 rep range on all of the key exercises you plan on incorporating. Spend that first week targeting different muscle groups on different days. Do NOT try and do one of everything on day 1. You don't have to do it this way, but I target Chest/Biceps on Monday, Legs on Tuesday, Back on Wednesday, Shoulders/Triceps on Thursday, and a bit of total body on Saturday, with a focus on Abs.

Once you're comfortable with the techniques required for the exercises (YouTube is an excellent tool for that) you can start working you way up with higher amounts of weight as you move forward. ALWAYS start with low weight when you are trying a new exercise for the first time.

At this point, I imagine you might be wondering "Well, that sounds good for building muscle, but my main goal right now is to lose weight". Well, actually working all of these muscle groups will help a great deal in your weight-loss journey. In order to speed up your weight loss progress, you will also want to incorporate cardio into your regimen. Read up a bit on High-intensity Interval Training (HIIT) to maximize your progress. It's a system that incorporates bursts of high energy followed by rest cycles. Tailor your cardio plan to your own body's limitations. I do cardio twice a week (on my two rest days from lifting), but that may be a bit too much for someone just getting started. Everything I'm saying, really, you should tailor to your own body's limits.

Before any lifting session, I recommend doing some light cardio work just to get your heart rate up and turn your body into work mode. Most importantly, have fun, stay safe, and find a routine that you can be consistent with. If you're miserable with your workout or diet plan, I can almost guarantee that you won't stick to it. Best of luck, and feel free to reach out with any questions.     
As someone who takes working out very seriously, Crossfit is not what you want to do....even if you had the extra cash for it. If you want to get fit, look up real bodybuilding routines and just use them at a regular gym. You'll thank me later when the fitness community doesn't make fun of you.
Yo that dog got like 8 dicks
Right. Neckbearding.
That's only like 3 tendies! REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!
He's gonna need his Kanye Rest if he's going to be able to put his skills to the Kanye Test. 
Bro, I grew up with overhand. I didn't even discover underhand until I was already a man.
Relax guys, he was just adjusting his insulin pump.
Gotta watch the throne
Missed the opportunity for m'body
Oh it's all good. I have an old ICE that I would use for it. I'm a bit of a neat freak, so I hardly even want to share a Tesla with other humans.
In all fairness, Witcher sales are like 20% of Poland's GDP. 
I would never let a dog in my Tesla. Just saying.
In space, nobody can hear you steam.
Giving it a shot. This would be game changing for me
Sounds like we're in the same boat. I'm down 50 lbs also and I just have about 15 more to go. Then the focus will be bulking from then on out. I've never been happier with my health and strength and it's become my new obsession. Keep working brother!
Best gym/life advice I ever got was that you never need to compare yourself to the people around you. Everyone is at a different stage in life and personal development. If you just compare yourself to the man you were yesterday, you will always be improving. That's how champions are made.
How'd you guys do?
Hard to say, you just look kind of familiar. If it was you, it was a a good while ago. I live in Atlanta if that helps
Literally just bought it 3 hours ago -_-
I think you served me at a restaurant once lol
Rumors say they have an alternate currency called GGP. Makes me want to REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE just thinking about it! 
I was born with glass bones and paper skin. Every morning I break my legs, and every afternoon I break my arms. At night, I lie awake in agony until my heart attacks put me to sleep.
Do I need fresh eggs, or will the eggs I already have have the potential to hatch these new Pokemon?
Regardless, these good jobs will be taken by robots before you know it!
I was on a public elevator at Uni with other people and some idiot turned around and said "You're probably wondering why I gathered you all here".
Try reading it again in Forrest Gump's voice
Even if you don't pass a required class for whatever reason, you will still be allowed to participate in graduation. As you would expect though, you will have to complete the course in a following semester for the university to approve and recognize your degree. 
Can you make me one that says "smoke weed everyday"?
Where's that hydraulic press guy when you need him?
I want this corgi so badly
It's the fat one
Let's Fighting Love!
Holy shit! That's a lot of times listened to Livin' on a Prayer! 
A titty bit nipply while these winds are abreast.
My issue is that I don't trust other people to have guns. Growing up in the south, you see a whole lot of drunken idiots doing unbelievably stupid things with firearms. If they could just be responsible, I'd have no problem....but literally anyone can get a gun here.
I'm absolutely in the same boat. I have an 03' Mustang, yet it fortunately only has 137k miles on it. However, I just spent nearly $1200 getting the oil drip pan and oil gasket replaced last week (along a with a few oher minor things). I hate having to put money into something that I plan on scrapping in just 2 years, but I absolutely need it to hold up until then. The only thing keeping me going is knowing that I'll never have oil problems again when I get my Model 3.
Well yeah, the second you finish your cigarette, you've quit....right until you've lit up the next.
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!
Nice try, Deej.
Also, never smoking will kill you.
You look like the next Khal!
Not sure if it's what you're looking for, but I've recently taken an interest in obstacle races, such as the Spartan Run or the Tough Mudder. They're not so much about speeding through as they are overcoming challenges...although some people shoot for the best time possible. It seems like a great way to test your "functional fitness" and it also just looks like fun.   
I really want to the the rest of this conversation
Went to get tendies and didnt even bring piss and shit jugs.

REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!
Maybe that's just how it feels to chew 5 Gum. 
And even then, it only looks good on the right guy.
Is that Lionel Messi?
That looks like a white guy who just finished his first week of sushi training made this.
Depends...how well do you know Mandarin?
That's the problem. Literally nothing is being done to address the issue right now and it's approaching faster than most people think.
That's because Hillary isn't liberal. She's pretty centrist in the grand scheme of things.
I typed in 'Kingsglaive stream' on Google and the first result was good
Clearly, you've never been to Gary, Indiana.
I'm not even impaired, but I would buy that.
Somebody probably assumed someone else's gender and it started a fight.
I'd be alright with that
Hey, I'm just happy I'm allowed to be black now. 
Is this not a documentary?
Weed. My hobby is weed.
This is like those Vex timegates from Destiny.
Wow, can't say I've ever known anyone to lose their virginity at 8!
He doesn't swear at all. It's a part of his principle. 
What if I'm recording it?
Silly OP, just buy 4 bottles of great $25 wine!
Sounds like you've got plenty of petty for Microsoft
Oooo member Peter Dinklage?
"Whoa, nice Apple watch!" ðŸ˜
Sooooo much better than the old post
Classic Beej
Thank you! This was the type of response I was looking for!
I'm not sold on this game, but I really dont know what it's about. Can someone explain?
Dapper
As long as I make it through this and the FF7 remake trilogy, I can die happy.
If you have literally nothing to do all day long, you could probably finish it. You can probably blast through in about 40 hrs of gameplay
First TIFU in a while where someone actually fucked up, instead of just being an idiot.
He looks like he moisturizes with corndogs
Well it sounds like everything is up to date, but you just need to download the app. Scroll through the apps on your gear and eventually you'll hit the end where you can download more apps. You should be able to find S Pay there somewhere
Tldr git gud scrub
That's weird. Samsung Pay came stock with my s2. It just needed an update
A fedora really would've fixed everything
Looks like his first time outside
Very cool concept! I'd get it myself, but I don't wanna be a tattoo stealer!
Any 11 people out there wanna split this with me? Lol
Could she really not just chill tf out and  sleep it off?
That would suck getting bullied at home-school
Any sons of Stark are brothers of mine
Don't forget about Chillhop!
Why wouldn't it work? It works on the Gear S2.
Relax guys, he's just trying to make KSU great again
Christ! How can anyone be that socially retarded!?
But there are 18,446,744,073,709,551,616 planets to explore!
Where's the left lung?
Looks like beef to me
It wont make you fit, but it will keep you skinny.
Thanks alot George Bush
For sure
Yes
That song gave me autism
Long story short, Pokemon with better IVs will have a higher max potential for CP. If you were to power them both up all the way, Jiggly on the right will be a bit stronger.
Very cool, but the instrumentation makes no sense to me. This would be perfect if the game was about a Frenchman vacationing in Cairo.
I love the word "motorcade"
I always kinda assumed that everyone attending a Slipknot concert was an angsty 16 year old
This is absolutely disgusting and unacceptable in 2016. We need to get the word out that vertical video is barbaric and outdated. Things need to change!
Bush lookin pretty suspect over there
Meh, I don't think I'll be using it much anyways.
Your boobs will take you far
Skyrim belongs to the Nords!
Found the dude in OP's post
7) Safety features!
Everyone is thinking of this in terms of extra distance, and that's why you're disappointed. I think of it in terms of covering my AC useage and powering my display.
Good, that aughta help them get this wall paid for.
Which is what you are about to become.
Oh...
What the hell is a buffalo woman?
Nothing important ever does.
Attack on Titan. Finally started watching it last week.
Not gonna lie, that line actually made me laugh out loud.
Sounds like he's just hitting puberty
They're like 5 months too late for this
Don't do meth, kids.
Thanks friend!
Thank you Mr. Gates!
It's only the second remaster I've ever re-bought. Still worth it.
Is that tissue paper?
Not really blunder, just '90s af
Literally none of the games you just listed are as timeless and epic as Skyrim.
I hate to say it, but there's not much you can do. Either pay for the repair or get a new phone
At the very least it's a placebo. It works for me, and for those that want to try it, it certainly doesn't hurt.
I learned this in a psychology class back in high school. The moment you wake up, crack a big cheesey smile and hold it for at least 10 seconds. It activates the endorphins that are normally associated with happiness/laughter and actually gives you a better start to the day. The longer you hold the smile, the better. You dont even have to have your eyes open while doing it.
Better kill my parents and up the ante then
Amber Alerts. I mean seriously, you think I'm gonna get out of bed at 3am to keep an eye out for a suspicious white sedan that "may" be within 20 miles of my location. I am not Batman.
Tax. Only a bit more than in the US.
I kind of did...just not in a good way
Americans make more money becaude they need to in order to survive. In Europe, public services are vast and much more generous, such as free healthcare. They don't need as much money to have the same quality of life.
It's cool though
He'd be an even better guy if he donated more money than only what he would get tax credit for.
I'm not much of a gun buff, but I certainly see the value in keeping a hot dog ready with you at all times.
Consider how much muscle you have. 200lbs can potentially be a healthy weight for someone who is 6'2
"Well, alright, I guess I'll just move on now."

You can not move on from what you have never begun.
Ran out of time for what? This is a new flagship line for them. They should've taken the time to fully flesh out every idea that they wanted in it.
Quit this soul-sucking job of mine
The problem was her sloppy footwork
$1000 a month might work. Enough to cover basic living expenses, but definitely not enough to have any exceptional quality of life. That would force most people to want to keep their jobs, while simultaneously eliminating the worst kind of poverty overnight.

We would even be able to consolidate our government and save money by being able to shut down certain social programs like food stamps and unemployment benefits. I think that is something even conservatives could get behind.
I dont mean to ruin your day, but Make-a-Wish is pretty exclusive to kids who are most likely not going to make it through their illness.
Get a new wife and eat the old one for protein.
Nothing beats a good coq!
Dawg that looks like a fried egg in a piece of bread
She just wanted to do hoodrat stuff with her friends
But that's exactly the thing. Social media is not "conversations with friends". It's public domain that the whole world can see. 
Isn't this exactly what they're working on fixing with Autopilot 2.0 though?
We get it. You vape.
HEY THAT'S MY REPOST!!!
The fingerless gloves actually confirm it.
Ahh ok, then go smoke weed or something. That's a lot safer and healthier than drinking alcohol. It should help you kick your habit in no time
Tried water?
Please pick me!
Post-glitch hop maybe?
Even if this was a great product, I'd feel embarrassed buying it.
Dawg, this is why you try a phone before you buy it. I love my edge
"At least my bomb has a headphone jack"
WHAT ARE THOOOOSE!?
Seriously consider going bald. Your hairline is not doing you any favors, but I wouldn't call you ugly. Many guys look really good with no hair on top.
He died for our stems
I switched to T Mobile a few months ago and the service is very bad in a number of specific locations. Thank god it works in my new apartment. Back at my old house, I couldnt make or recieve calls (or even know that someone was trying to call).
Wow, there's alot going on in that title OP
Jeans and tennis shoes? Everyone's goong to look like Jerry Seinfeld.
Content rewritten into a selfpost is just a repost
Solid moveset brah
No, now your life begins.
It's finally time for Crabpeople to return!!
Seems like XV was to be his last big project. I imagine he regards the game very highly and I think I'll definitely appreciate it as a work of art.
Is this not a Gotye concert?
It hides the photo from the thumbnail
As a guy who sells beds and accessories, buy one. It's the least expensive thing you can buy to save youself a very expensive headache. Good one's aren't mega cheap, but still very much worth it. It's like buying a case for your brand new phone. Just do it.

Btw, if you're in the US, I can probably hook you up with a quality one on the cheap if you'd like one.
That's hillarious