The person you were speaking with does not hold a very nuanced perspective. It's unfortunate, because the media breeds these mentalities of absolute certainty and passionate fervor.
You can use that same metaphor to justify all sorts of discrimination and racism. 
I buy em every once in awhile. Fun little way to pass the time.
If it was real it be mega fucking infected
I don't agree with any of it, but is it really that stupid if it works?
I saw dickbutt.
recently the trend here switched from loving conejitos to hating it for being over-rated. I'm still a big fan, it's super cheap and I've always enjoyed the food there.

sometimes it's nice to just go to a familiar hole in the wall place that isn't serving 4 dollar tacos like every other taco restaurant downtown.
beating the inflation rate there by a whopping .8%

maybe if you didn't drink so many avocado toast lattes you would be putting that interest to use.
agreed. this is some serious untapped potential
>In his address at the AAMC's most recent annual meeting, Kirch said he "refuse[s] to live in a post-truth world" and insisted that doctors cannot "let bias influence patient care."

hmm. 

Great article, very troubling. The MCAT needs to test knowledge, and that should be it.
nhl2k for me.

I hold the sound. good memories.
Even though the aim of the article was directed towards the deeply troubling nature of current research and information dissemination, I think to some extent the actual neurogenisis aspects may be overblown. We do not yet understand the machinations of our brain to the point in which we can deduce that a lack of neuron growth has troubling implications for our existence, life, personal growth and consciousness. He alludes to this towards the end, but I still think it is worth restating because articles like this can have a profound effect on readers who may alter their behavior subconsciously under the belief that they cannot change. A similar effect has been studied in regards to behavioral changes upon hearing arguments against free will.

As for the main point of the article, I think that the main issue here is two-sided. The first side is the fact that human interests have been entertwined with the search for truth. I think this is inevitable because, well obviously, we are human, and unfortunately we do not live in a utopian vacuum where researchers can ignore financial implications for themselves and their studies. The other aspect of this is that research needs funding, and the funding is almost always going to come from a source that is looking for a particular result. The other side is that it is not the responsibility of a sole researcher to independently decide the validity of any of the numerous assumptions that have been made in the field that have led to their experiment. The solution then, would be to hold a healthy skepticism within the community itself before widely accepting a theorum.

Philosophically, I'm personally not sure we can ever find objective truths, but if we can, the road will always be winding and the process messy.
yeah but unequiping takes time for the animation and you need to think for a moment which slot you are using and make sure not to hit the mode switch. it's not only a longer animation for equipping versus a simple safety switch but also cumbersome. a dedicated safety button would be much better.
ah, so basically just like real life.
One of the least transparent and most duplicitous CEOs in the world is waxing poetic about integrity.

I'd laugh if his vision for the world wasn't completely terrifying and closer to reality than I'd ever imagine.


well, I happen to agree with you. its great that he is happy, and also that people like it. he clearly has some talent in the technical aspects of painting and he does his style well. I hope he continues.

That being said, my first thought was why is this on the front page of reddit. You are right about reddit having odd taste, reddit as a whole (and I believe this is because of the way the voting system works in addition to the demographics here) does not appreciate abstraction or art that doesn't have an obvious message or poster-like  quality. It reminds me of the front page of the music subreddit being largely dominated by classics.
also Anthony fantano
thank you!
of course!
as for permission, absolutely! as far as how though, I couldn't tell you because I am not sure the exact process to go about changing an individual app's icon. I think you need to use a launcher like nova on android. on iOS I don't think it's possible unfortunately 
ðŸ˜¢
don't make me say it
it's absurd, and it's an obscene amount of force that didn't fit the crime. that being said, if you take property that isn't yours, you invite unknown consequences upon yourself. 
the quotation marks would fit even better around another word
i need someone to edit in a portal as she speeds up until she spins into it and disappears. the interstellar track is already perfect for this.
also the next time you are at a department store, make friends with the person at the fragrance counter and ask if you could have some samples. They will usually give you some, especially if you buy cologne from them either then or at another time when they are working.
yes exactly, fragrances smell different on different people. the smell transforms after the cologne or perfume has been absorbed into the skin. 
two spritz on one wrist, rub together, then rub both wrists on neck behind ears. this lets the fragrance absorb into the skin 
adg is super popular, it's one of the few scents I can instantly recognize when out. still love it for summer though
it's like they were being intentionally shortsighted. that's hardly any time at all until we need to upgrade it all again.
kinky bdsm
I could not wrap my mind around this statement. What does it mean?
and then Albert Einstein knocked on the door and gave him 100 dollars.
just goes to show you where the priorities really are.
thank you for this. I read it again and it still sounds correct, so I didn't change it.
cgi is gonna be indistinguishable soon, and no one is gonna be able to tell what is real. there are a lot of implications for our society if videos cannot be trusted.
I miss the original Mercenaries game. I used to spend hours special ordering vehicles and weapons and trying to pull off stunts.
Does eating them all in one sitting count? Because if so, I'm guilty. The orange ones are really addicting.
/r/teefies
someday these memes are going to be about fictional cartoon characters that I am not familiar with from my childhood. and that is going to be a very weird day.
yep, that's his knee cap.
The man does not rationally view the potential consequences of his actions, his immediate emotions drive his behavior and actions.
No one does, we all just like watching trainwrecks and don't really care if the consequence is that a terrible person makes a lot of money because of our voyeurism.
Ultimately, it's just sad for the child at this point. I hope she has caring individuals around her.
I led a really complex and multi-faceted life when I was four years old. In fact, when my mom would take a 'break' from parenting, it often left me time to work on my stock exchange formulae, spend time with my fiance and practice sous vide cooking. Some space is healthy for a four year old, really.
bumpy = no see good

tape + bumpy = smooth

smooth = see lot, very good


the diet coke negated any calories consumed. they actually lost weight at the end of that meal.
the tiny cone reminds me of [plank](https://78.media.tumblr.com/30fb13aea9a4326dc70939dc4b338462/tumblr_mvvx06miuP1smm380o1_500.png)
nicely done
The internet is the key here. Ideas have a ridiculous capacity to spread now, regardless of their usefulness, truthfulness, or (subjective) morality. Massive populations can be innoculated with an idea and polarized to action within hours.
Funny how formally worshipping those things is seen as fringe and socially unacceptable. I believe our perceptions around religion (and everything else) is almost completely and totally influenced by the contemporary culture, current major religion and societies' common beliefs. In a turn of fate, worshipping anything but the sun, the moon or the earth would be taboo.
Heretics and agnosticism be damned, consider me a true believer in His soft papery and cleansing embrace.
>error - system is not responding
they might be irritated but curlers are a friendly bunch so I doubt they'd show it. half of the sport is about the drinking and socializing after games
they can have it back when I'm done
I got goosebumps after I finished reading the last sentence of that article, especially knowing he died soon after.
The movie theatre missed out on great free publicity for the sake of upholding policy and ten dollars. Very silly.

Also, the kids bought the costume as well as went through the effort of actually going through with the plan. That alone is worth the cost of a ticket.


Facebook auto-play has some great content though depending what video you start it off with. 
we wanted him to win, he wanted to go out on his terms.

he was the true winner that day.
right. it doesn't matter how complex a system is if its output is the result of the inputs given, it is deterministic, regardless of however we choose to rationalize our actions.
skyfather say no kil or no go nice place

no bow skyfather? grug smash

His last year he should wear something completely different.
It's not the future till those drones turn red and start massacring the crowd after the ceremony.
I live my life in the unit of time spanned between the big bang and the heat death of the universe
hnngg
hello, this is Jason from Henderson
perhaps they attacked on opposite day
I tried to decipher this before looking at the image and could not wrap my mind around what you meant. Then I looked at the image and it all clicked immedietly.
right? they lost me when he's back at the same job he hates. I thought he was going to leave his job for good. Very corporate message.
Even the richest there are probably somewhat segregated by old money and new money.
thank you for this reference, I was looking for it.
very dwight-esque, however dwight would never give a concession against his own argument.
for real. Vikings fans have been consistently the most toxic fans online I've encountered. in every game thread for the packers they will be there shit talking below the belt wishing for injuries or just taking it beyond the spirit of the game. even bears fans are more reasonable most of the time.
I suppose now is the time I should tell you all that I am actually the embodiment of all the humans that are living, have lived and will ever live.
or making a flying tackle
if I'm right, the right tooth at a right angle is the right tooth for the job, right? then the left tooth is the only tooth left.
Your life and job sound very interesting!
those professions are already incredibly oversaturated and only a micro-percentage make a livable wage through them much less become successful.
the airport can afford a little wear and tear considering they purposefully put armrests across all the benches so you cannot rest comfortably. they dont give a fuck if you have a bad back or just had a parent die and havent slept for 30 hours or anything. part of owning a building is the expectation that the building will depreciate over time.

Now if this was really annoying fellow passengers, I'd take it down because their needs are as important as mine.

Ultimately, there are the interests of the airports and the interests of myself and my fellow human beings in proximity, ill let you guess which I'd pick. 


call me a menace to society, because I'd do it anyway despite all those perfectly logical and ethical reasons. 
They were both good characters because they acted as good foils to the insanity when Jim was gone. They were likable and aware for the most part.
The DS adaptation really brought to light a lot of nuance and character development that was just not possible on television as a storytelling medium.
Well yeah, obviously he isn't going to say anything different publicly, especially when he has a wife.
Anthony probably would like a clone of himself.
Actually, it made his torso very long and his legs very short. He wears his pants high to conceal his embarrassment but it only highlights his insecurities
 
/r/absolutelynotmeirl 
True, the jobs are more fun, but there's plenty of fun to be had without turning everything else up to 11 and a half and moving the game into a goofy caricature of itself. The power creep has totally ruined the game for anyone who wants to play in public lobbies and doesn't have a shit ton of time or money to pour into the game. 

is it really a good deed if you got any pleasure or happiness from it whatsoever?

Whenever I donate I make sure to stick some pins in my hand so I can make sure I'm doing it properly. 
easy satan
deadass
what in the actual fuck. how is this legal?
I sure hope they don't end their relationship with Last.fm. Spotify is very good at removing features that are useful but underutilized. They would not do a good job in comparison, even if Last.fm can be slightly lackluster as it stands today.
that's my fetish
how to breed lifelong trust issues
"ok tommy, you can have more coca cola if you can recite three detailed and cited ways how quantum computing will disrupt the crypto-currency industry"
first step is learning to recognize how you are feeling. this can be confusing because often we feel a certain way and have no idea why until we consciously ask ourselves 'how do I feel', and then, 'why am I feeling this way'.

then acknowledge that you are feeling (angry/sad/upset/anxious/nervous/etc) and just let yourself feel that way for a bit. You can't ignore your feelings, but if you acknowledge them, and just be for a bit, you'll find you can center yourself and let go of what was bothering you.

If you want to learn more about this, look up the book Feeling Good by Dr. David Burns. He goes into depth on techniques on how to manage your emotions and remove negative cognitive distortions from your daily thoughts.

Keep in mind, this process is something you will work at and see improvements with and the more you do it, the more automatic the process will become (like a muscle). Since reading the book and practicing, it takes a lot more to really get me upset compared to how I used to react.
I think it's time to embrace your new heritage.
Unfortunately,  the same thing can happen at Netflix.
they found common ground in your stomach
that's a trade I'm willing to make. sorry spiderbros.
in North Korea, the street *is* the food.
Can you tell me which of these neighborhoods you lived in?

https://www.thetrace.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/78922949.png
> I sort of feel like your chances of survival are pretty good at Niagara

hmm

> dozens have gone over and lived

okay that's not so bad
> However, an estimated 5000 bodies were recovered between 1850-2011

>


>>chances of survival are pretty good

Buying my ticket tomorrow.

Probably even more of a dick now. It tends to get worse as they struggle to accept their fade to irrelevancy just like everybody else.
that is profound as fuck my friend. thank you
Your punishment for this sin is that in your next life you will be a juggalo child. 

May god have mercy on your soul.
Any time in the last 6000 years at least, including today if you've got enough.
Being crushed under 60 tons of rock is pretty distracting.
ctrl+f 'ex m' 

Thought the same exact thing. That movie had such a gorgeous set.
The woman in OP's video seemed to be shorter than the woman in your first video, which may have made such a solution possible.
I think relying on the guy who just hikacked your car to make a moral decision while coursing with adrenaline, may not be the best bet to put your life on.

it's like going to the casino and offering to let them kill you in exchange for a chance to walk away alive with 30 some thousand dollars if you win. and the odds change every time.
Maybe there was something in the fridge or van. The way they reacted was extremely aggressive and clearly they were not simply posturing with the way he jumped on the hood. I think if the doors wouldn't have been locked, that lady might have been immediately assaulted.
Not a huge fan of the font. I'd go with something sans-serif personally. Also, if you can make the roof on the NWM building slanted at the top it might look more recognizable. 

Beyond that, looks great, love the concept.
Go to the doctor, I doubt it's an emergency at this point though so I'd go to a general care physician at this point instead of spending a shit ton of money (I am not a doctor though, so don't take this as medical advice).

Parasites can usually be treated. Plus with the low amount of cases per year of trichinosis, you should be good.
To hunt a bear in Wisconsin legally, you need to enter and win a state-wide drawing in order to purchase a permit in the first place. Some 100,000 people enter and only 10,000 or so are chosen. Each year you don't win, you get points to make it more likely to win the next year. If you choose not to purchase a permit one year, you can still enter the drawing for preference points. If you win, you gotta buy the permit, and if you don't get a bear or don't hunt, you still get reset to 0 points.

Bait pits are legal, but truthfully they are kind of a copout since you can only really hunt bear once ever 6-10 years here. I would think you'd want to experience to be more than simply shooting fish in a barrel.


bee movie trailer but everytime the word 'bee' is said, the trailer continues on as normal
My favorite hobby is informing tall people for the first time that they are in fact, tall.

My observation catches them off guard every time, sometimes I think I'm the only person in the world who can tell just how tall people really are. It's a public service, honestly. People deserve to know.
Just wait till NN gets repealed, our ComcastWarnerT&TNBCNN overlords will make sure loading such content will only take a few hours.
Just who do you think you are to say who's a bot and who isn't.

They are caricatures, but they keep their humanity. That's what makes the Office so great, hilarious situational comedy mixed with off-the-wall characters you can still invest in and relate to. 
This video makes for a nice screensaver
/u/opfeels /u/bamboo-coffee
look into the web app 'sort your music'
start scribbling to last.fm and you can have that data any time you want :)
South Korea is going to take care of him especially well. This is one of the most publicized defectors from north Korea in the history of the conflict. 

They want news to be released of him back to health and being successful in the future, it will heavily incentivize future defectors that hear of his good fortune upon leaving and hurt the image of the north Korean regime.
Imagine all the reactions that go into the human body and all of the systems functioning in harmony that allow us to live and think. Somehow this all came to be from simple and lifeless elements that were spit out of a star.
Tigers have amazing hearing, he most likely knew he was behind him the whole time and was playing along. That's why he waited and cocked his ears back before the surprise attack.
Why do you think they had the devs do the AMA in the first place?
Let's keep it relevant to real life parallels that shine loot boxes in a positive light, please.
Q3 EA Company Stockowners Meeting
>In other news, our post explaining our pricing model got 46 premium gold 'likes' on the popular site 'reddit'!
Love splendor, let me know if you get a group together.
akon and young jeeeeeezay, tryin to take it eazay
Restaurants are not great business ventures to begin with, especially if you are running your own. It is extremely time consuming work for little return in comparison. 

Of course, if cooking or owning a bar/restaurant is your passion, then it is worth it. If you are looking to make an easy living or a large return on your time and money investment, owning and running a restaurant is not worth it.
Wow, a harmless situation handled with a sense of humor for once.
The Dells are a shitshow. Mount Olympus is scummy as fuck, Kalahari has bedbugs, every motel hasn't had the decor changed since the 1970's (and probably have bedbugs) and if it's worth going to, it's gonna be expensive as fuck.

edit: the nature itself is great, speaking more about the tourist traps. I will say noah's ark is worth a visit though.
gross.
I forgot how much I needed this video in my life.
Got through the first song and checked the time left expecting seconds, not 4 more minutes. 
It is ironic, you're right.
what is wrong with you people
solid base to a marriage if I've ever heard one
/r/thisismylifenow
Reddit has ruined my expectation of people actually being on topic in a thread, so thank you relevant link guy for restoring a little bit of that trust.
The only reason I win/make it to the top ten as often as I do is the fact that so many people drop school, Pochinki, Rozhok, Military, and whatever is under the plane. Usually by the time I reach the circle, there are only 20 left thanks to the bloodshed in the high population areas.

low-pop looting 4 lyfe
All I see is a blank wikipedia page, comrade.
Tetanus shots required
If he didn't caption it that way, the comments would be full of the joke regardless. It goes with the territory with this character.
https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/usage/diffuse-or-defuse

>However, diffuse is also widely used, and can make sense when used to describe the lessening of danger (much in the same way defuse is used in this sense), for example:

>>Only peaceful dialogue between the two countries could diffuse tension.
you should probably sell it at some point, unless you would have spent how ever many hundreds of dollars on it in the first place.
Time to host a gender reveal party for two.
Right, diffuse would work here if they said "diffuse tensions" as opposed to "defuse the situation." in which "the situation" is akin to a powder keg and not something to be dispersed.
Source on this? wouldn't surprise me
I was chasing a vagrant dresser just last week. I was hot on it's tail until I chased it into a bedroom where it inconspicuously disappeared behind a dresser that looked just like it. They are getting craftier every day.
He is, you gotta take a boat out 5 squares south and 2 squares east from the starter island and dive straight down. There's a 3-section bunker that has an underwater entrance. 
*most importantly
As a Packers fan, join us in the kiddie pool of mediocrity, the water's fine.

I'm not convinced they aren't the same person
Don't skip the first season. It has it's moments and once you've seen the whole thing through it really stands out when you go back and watch the series again.
I think it's pretty fair to assume pretty much anything you do on modern technology can be recorded at this point. 
He's going to stir the pot and go to war. I'm concerned for the future of our country.
I do not like this.
My guess is either he was misanthropic based on information we are unaware about, he was involved in the government or some other sort of conspiracy (such as the gun running one floating around), or he had a brain tumor.

Highly unusual to carry out such a crime with no public intention.
It's pretty simple.

Killer carries out attack in name of cause: that cause gets scrutinized. Most mass attacks carried out by muslim perpetrators were carried out explicitly in the name of the religion (be it extremist sect or not), or related religious groups. This is not discriminatory to say, it is a simple fact. 

This killer did not (as far as we know yet with the information we have been given) carry out his attack in the name of a cause.

If it turns out this individual carried out his horrific deed in the name of Christianity, or right-wing values, or any other belief, then those beliefs deserve public scrutiny just like any other.

edit:
I see you have edited your post with the following addendum
>Edit: you guys truly don't understand your own hypocrisy. This is why this country is in such dire straights. spelling out to you over and over why you are wrong is exhausting.

At this time only two people (one being myself) have responded to you. I don't believe my point is hypocritical, nor unreasonable, so I'm not quite understanding what is so exhausting about a conversation.

Here's the thing...
Would it truly matter either way?
Imagine if she would have passed in the mean time. Absolutely despicable. I'm glad the court ruled in favor of justice this time around.
As long as the media keeps fetishizing these attacks, they will keep happening (and probably get more depraved). Unfortunately I don't see that stopping any time soon as I'm sure they generate lots of revenue through ratings.  
Might be the most annoying commercial I've ever seen, and that's really saying a lot. Pretty fucked up in contrast to the serious injury that happened only seconds before the break.
It sure makes the rest of the game seem inconsequential.
There are different forms of paralysis, some only affect the legs. Also, decerebrate posturing (where the arms move up stiffly) can happen in any severity paralysis injury, even death.
He might be legitimately paralyzed. Jesus.
It's like the easy AI on madden.
Right, totally forgot about Riverwest! Company Brewing, Bremen, Fuel, High Dive and occasionally Mad Planet (as well as others I'm sure I'm forgetting) feature a lot of live local music. Also the 88.9 station in Walker's Point has shows every once in awhile.

Riverwest is great for the local music scene.
If you listen to spotify, check out swarm.fm. It's a website that will link to your spotify account and show you all the shows that are going on in any city you choose (milwaukee, madison and chicago are the cities I put in). There's over 15 shows going on in the next three months for bands I listen to.

Some info about the venues:

Miramar - Usually hosts EDM/dubstep acts, has hosted various indie bands throughout the years (recently saw Lemaitre, Rufus du Sol and Hayden James there). Smallish venue, decent drink prices, younger (more ravey) crowd. Recently updated. Located on the east side near UWM.

Pabst/Riverside - Beautiful venue, hosts bigger acts, lots of indie (and other) bands play here. Drinks are more expensive. Mixed crowds. Tickets are more expensive. Features two floors worth of seats and a standing area in front. Located downtown.

Turner Hall - similar to the pabst/riverside in all ways except featuring a large standing area in the middle instead of lots of seating.

The Rave - Bigger venue, hosts more popular artists travelling to Milwaukee (pretty much every genre), extremely over-priced drinks (5 dollar cups of water), varying crowds depending on the show, expect a lot of weird people and highschool kids, located in a seedy area. Bigger indie bands will opt to play here because it's a much larger venue than any of the others. Usually expensive tickets.

Colectivo back room - Cheap, usually hosts good indie artists, sometimes some really cool acts. Located on Prospect Ave in the back of the Colectivo cafe. Would recommend.

Site 1A - hosts lots of electronic (trance, dnb, house) artists, sometimes hosts some really great artists. More club than a venue, but you will have people there just for the music if the artist is popular enough. Dress well here. Located in the Third Ward.

Cactus Club/Shank Hall - never been, I do see they host indie bands occasionally though

BMO Harris - Where all the mega-stars come to play. never been for a concert, but it's probably your average stadium-level concert. Expect high prices and a very unintimate experience.

Summerfest - a 13(?) day festival with cheap admission and lots of great (and not so great) acts. You missed it this year but it's a Milwaukee staple.
Might be the increase in traffic stops that started with the new Sheriff. 
my friends are going to get real sick of my stoner impression
Playing pubg on the lost island would be amazing. Start off with the plane disintegrating in air, throw in the smoke monster, polar bears, the hatch, jungle theme, radio towers, the whole nine yards.
The world's super powers (besides Russia maybe) would all risk losing Seoul or even Tokyo over letting NK gain more power after a move like that. Letting North Korea develop a full nuclear arsenal would throw a wrench into the status quo big time.
Perhaps get on board with the 21st century global community? The world would be happy to provide plenty of aid if they gave up their nuclear technology and opened their borders. The North Korean civilian population has suffered for decades because of an authoritarian rule that places their regime over the lives of civilians. 
Taking action against North Korea is a very tricky process, the first move needs to be extremely calculated to minimize loss from NK retaliation. Once the first shot is fired (metaphorically), a massive domino effect will happen almost immediately after.
Not sure what the end game is here for North Korea. Obviously, they want to be respected in terms of their nuclear prowess so they can keep their country via MAD, but I'm not sure consistent escalation in such a short time frame is the best idea. 
/r/masochism
You can tell he's still thinking about work.
I'm a fan.

Rain reduces audio information, while fog reduces visual information.
Nades are invaluable in the final 5.

Also, anyone else been noticing that nades have been defaulting to throw underhand first after the update?
I do not like this.
Lucy is the dog, that woman is the trip hazard.

TH: "what if we don't actually exist and therefore are already dead, everyone around you dislikes you and your breathing is rapidly increasing until your heart explodes, also you are probably going to develop severe mental illness from this trip, haha"


Cermak and Fresh Thyme have got some killer weekly deals. Also, Cermak's produce quality is really good compared to most grocery stores.
About a week ago, I saw two cops on College Ave. shooting radar on the bridge and over 13 cars pulled over by separate police cars over the next mile headed northbound. 
500 years from now, this will be a religious ritualistic ceremony, and no one involved will have any idea what they are talking about besides the relevance to the holy and glorious Jobs.
Totally electronic voting would be great if we lived in an ideal world. Unfortunately, there is really no such thing as a completely secure system, especially with so many human elements. With so much influence and power on the line, the system would also be very vulnerable to biases and backdoors from the developers themselves as well as the normal government and foreign interests.The system would also be incredibly vulnerable to every sort of outside attack you could imagine.



These are some very edgy town names.
False alarm 
infinite hurricanes on infinite typewriters

That's a pretty myopic perspective if you aren't trolling. It's not about avoiding all strangers forever, it's about recognizing what situations are inherently risky and learning how to be vigilant. 

It's incredibly naive to think that your goodwill towards strangers is going to stop a malicious person from taking advantage of your kindness.

If you want to help the homeless, donate your time or money to your local shelters, they certainly need it.


Spoken like someone who has never been assaulted by a stranger. 
you can operate for the benefit of your country without unlawfully invading and occupying foreign land. That goes for every government.
wow, that man is strong
Don't bother trying to reason with these people, they are contrarian and obstinate for the sake of it. The flag looks good, way better than the microsoft office clip art vomit we have as a flag now. If the situation was reversed and the new flag was the old one, people wouldn't even take our old flag as a serious entry.  
You do know there are different parts of the city that are safer or more dangerous right? 

The financial district and downtown are obviously largely safe and well policed, while other parts of Detroit the police recommend you don't stop at red lights and police response can take hours.
we need the narrator from the stanley parable
Everybody panic.
He did not.
>this joke

>funny


Pick one.
You're taking the avalanche of rude and critical comments quite well. Good job on the costume.
not exclusive to the bay. 
Catch 22
Good ole' Leeroy 
*hurt's
I'm replying on my Internet word sender. 
Which only reminds him of the *best resort* in the history of resorts, maybe ever, Mar-A-Lago
There's a bearded woman that rides the 30 every so often. 
Once you experience this for yourself with a subject you are very knowledgeable in, a very disturbing realization sets in that people know this little about pretty much everything you read about on here, but you take it much more seriously because you don't know the difference.
Depends what kind of show and what kind of concert-goer you are. I'm the type of person to like to dance and get up close so the VIP tickets are a waste of money. If you are looking to sit or watch from a distance in a calmer setting, VIP tickets are worth it for sure.


Really depends on your mindset on change. No quote is going to singlehandedly change your life, but if you surround yourself with such ideas and tidbits while working on your life in the meantime you can slowly change your perspective and mindset as a whole. 

Shooting down these ideas immediately as empty platitudes is really just a reflection of one's biases against ideas that may be beneficial to oneself and a way of protecting one's self-image (as someone who dislikes motivational quotes and as someone who believes they will never help).

Depression and mental illness are another ballgame entirely, but I do believe that one has some agency in removing toxic distortion a la CBT and therapy.
for you
Aduck Hitler is not amused
>God I hate it when people run on the sidewalk. Its called a side*walk* for a reason imbeciles
please leave
Those are two brands I never thought I would see next to one another.
Wendy's twitter is too lit fam.

Also, have you heard about the four for four deal they have running? Four for $4 meal includes Double Stack or Junior Bacon Cheeseburger or Crispy Chicken BLT plus 4-piece nugget, small fries and drink. At participating Wendyâ€™s for a limited time.
shitty quality is now a meme in itself
Here's the formal [proof](http://i.imgur.com/uWoHj7s.gif).
I love the schaumburg store, but I need at least half a day set aside to go. 

I hope this location has a cafeteria!
I'd like this image on a mug as well
be the change you want to see in the world
Not the [high dog](http://i.imgur.com/annBL.jpg) I was expecting either...
I can't believe you've done this.
I want to buy a ticket: destination FlavorTown
What a silly reason.
That's fair, I don't like Culver's fries and I don't eat raw onions on my burgers.  I usually get the cheese curds as a side.
Custard: Kopp's > Culver's

Burgers: Culver's > Kopp's

Culver's custard is good but Kopp's is on another level. Kopp's custard tastes great and has many very unique flavors that aren't just a topping + vanilla/chocolate custard like Culver's usually are.

Kopp's burgers are too greasy and soggy for my taste and Culver's is almost always on point with fresh ingredients and toppings ratio.
Usually this happens when I am playing (on shuffle) from my phone to my computer or vice versa. I fix it by re-pressing the shuffle button on the device I'm playing from.
hwhaat in propane's name
I'd like to thank you for using the word ziggurat in casual conversation.
As proven by Upton Sinclair.
It's fair if people don't like it, but I think that a lot of people here are just being stubborn, contrarian and resistant to change. The old flag is not aesthetically pleasing in the slightest (you can argue that's only an opinion, just like you can argue you think a mud hut is better looking than the calatrava), and this design is definitely a step up. 

In my time living in Milwaukee, I've never seen it's official flag in any private establishment, be it bars, homes, on cars or anywhere else. It's an eyesore and doesn't represent Milwaukee, and it's lack of adoption is a testament to that.
No, an eye for an eye turns the world blind. That being said, people who do nothing wrong end up with life-altering injuries or dead and the people responsible often have nothing to show for it. Sometimes those people have a fairly lenient sentence, and that doesn't feel right to me.
Drunk drivers always escape with minor to no injuries, it's such bullshit.
De-friending your own father seems like a bit much.
Won't someone think of the kenmore.
Interesting, if you're the last person on earth, you better travel where you want to live within 2 years or you aren't going anywhere.
Listen to the Soul Wax remix at some point, it's an interesting take on the song.
And I can tell by your face, no one's ever been rude to you
Guilty pleasure
In my experience, Milwaukee is a lot friendlier than Chicago. I like to chat with strangers occasionally and almost never run into anyone rude here, but when I'm visiting Chicago, its pretty common to get stares or rude replies. It used to bother me more, but I figure it's the atmosphere of the city that makes people like that.

I do know that I value the friendliness of a city highly though, so wherever I decide to settle down for good is going to have to be a city with a good vibe.
I think this mindset is not healthy because you are always comparing yourself to others, and judging them negatively reflects on you.

If you appreciate the good in other people, you will gain a true appreciation for yourself (self-esteem).
Holy hell, that guy doesn't even look real.
What happened to this website, why did it go down?? It was so useful!
Oh-oh-oh-o'reillleyyyyy
Depends on the type of auto-belay system. Newer (magnetic) ones work as you describe. Older ones provide more force upwards at all times. It'a why kids have an easier time climbing on the older auto-belays, they get a significant chunk of their weight reduced.
Yeah, this was hardly a year to be disappointed about, especially with the way it could have gone. 
Pretty much the whole team collectively shit the bed.
Because 2 minutes of pride is not worth the rare chance he gets permanently injured
Lots of salt in this thread from faded flairs, everyone wants a piece of the pie their team could never give them.

[Keep it coming :)](http://s2.quickmeme.com/img/a7/a79587336732556e8041bad6fda7016d972315375b2a0c735d3f97946d949daa.jpg)




This is part of the game of football and part of being a fan. There are quite a few factors working against the Packers, and even then we were not even supposed to beat Dallas.

If we lose (which is looking more likely as this game progresses, but is not a guarantee), I'm still happy as we had a great end of the season and beat some really talented teams. The Falcons are also very worthwhile opponents and not a team I'd be embarrassed to lose to.

That being said, we still have another half to go, and I've seen bigger deficits overcome. This is not the time to start lamenting the loss, it's the time to support our team even more.

Let's go pack!
 no
[Stop, stop!](http://imgur.com/a/4GDNU)
ouch :)
they're on tilt
blue cheese
Probably because 19 white cows and one black cow is a lot more interesting than 20 white cows.

Here's an excerpt and some odd images from the artist's website. Apparently he moved the black one from Chicago via pushing a cart for 6 days.

>People wonder why one is black, sometimes thinking of race. It was actually to acknowledge the grief the Mayor gave us getting a permit. Thanks to Karl for persevering.

Photos:
[1](http://www.billtonnesen.com/images/art/cows_001.jpg)
[2](http://www.billtonnesen.com/images/art/cows_002.jpg)
[3](http://www.billtonnesen.com/images/art/cows_004.jpg)

Citations:
http://www.billtonnesen.com/art/cows.html
Looks like he's got [faulty programming](http://i.imgur.com/T82mmPB.gifv).
A few years ago, I tried to explain to my 60 year old co-worker (who was a very pleasant and level-headed woman) that Mother Theresa was not the greatest person based on her past, and my god, you would think I was trying to advocate killing puppies. She would not have a single word of it and the conversation itself made her visibly angry because she said there was no way that Mother Theresa was anything but a saint and model person.

Needless to say, I dropped the conversation after a few minutes, but I'll never forget how much it can affect someone to hear differently about the people they hold in respect.
Not going to lie, when I saw that article earlier this year, the first thing to pop into my mind was 'that guy even looks like a redditor'.
Your grandma sounds like she's got a good sense of humor.
If you're past 16 years old you have the knowledge and intelligence to look up healthy eating on google and figure it out in ten minutes. Applying it to your diet is a lot harder, but knowing what to eat isn't rocket science.
>You'll be with her again ..soon..

Hahaha, what the hell.
/r/peoplefuckingdying
I'm not sure what you expected, individual team subreddits for pretty much any sport always have threads like this after a win. 
over 1 year
> I can't belive my grand mothers making me take Out the garbage I'm rich fuck this I'm going home I don't need this shit

-- 50
You were my skype picture for over a year in 2009, you will be missed.

[Rest In Peace.](https://gfycat.com/BrilliantNecessaryBlackwidowspider)
Yeah, I was thinking the same thing. He seriously slowed himself down there. Better than broken legs or neck though.
Criticism and cynicism is the law of the land here.
this attitude is is why I love entrepreneurship and the community around it. 
No one else uses it though. I've added a bunch of people with similar taste and only gotten one follow in return.
wrong, the green apple is disgusting, the lime was great.
I have, the original flavors all worked well with one another in any combination, but the apple doesn't fit. It also has a vaguely chemical taste that I'm not a fan of.
I have all my music saved to a playlist, once that reaches it's cap I can just make another correct?
Welcome to American politics, where the news stories are made up and the facts don't matter.
when it's 90 degrees out and you remember you left the kids in the car
Teddy looks a bit special.
start scrobbling to last.fm, theres tons of apps to analyze your music through it.
I miss the feature that told me how many artists I've discovered before they were big. 

(I have a fragile ego so I like to know how hip I am compared to the unwashed masses)
I've gotten more tickets than I can count, and a decent portion were not fair.

1.) Cited for parking in the bus lane (I was not even a little past the 'No Parking' sign) and the bus stop is 50 feet ahead.

2.) Changed cars so I went to the city police station to get a new permit, paid 15 dollars, was told I was set and then received 4 tickets within 2 days. Learned that I had to call a number to change it officially and the permit was just for show.

3.) Later got cited for the permit not being visible (a portion of it was under the shaded part of the windshield) even though they clearly check a system and knew I had the correct permit.
I really need to stop reading theories on this sub.
Shit, how did I miss that? Hopefully he'll come out again. The Miramar is definitely not the most pristine venue but it's got it's own charm, and I definitely prefer it over the Rave.
Hey Mr. Carmack,

I'm a big fan of your music and had a few questions.

1.) What artists do you listen to regularly and what places do you find your new music/inspiration?

2.) What direction do you see trap music moving in, in the next few years?

3.) Will you ever come out to Milwaukee?

Thanks!
It's still there for me
people should fill this out, it's important to speak up if we ever want better speeds here in Milwaukee
also it's way faster I've noticed
Did the 70's/80's/early 90's kids in media have their own accent? The kid that says 'these are the most amazing rides in the world, I love it here' sounds like how the kids spoke in lots of 80's movies. It's definitely an east coast accent, but I don't really hear people talk like that today. 
If it makes you feel any better, I doubt you were going to change her mind to begin with. People move in different directions all of the time, it's best to be grateful for the time you did spend together and move forward.
I was hoping someone would post this.
Mine's still got 20, I'd definitely like more.

In the meantime, I use swarm.fm to keep up with new releases throughout the week.
Thanks! I love listening to new music, I'm always trying to find new songs and put together playlists that people can vibe to. 
Hey thanks! If you'd be interested, I can shoot you a PM with my spotify info. I make lots of playlists, usually in the genres of indie/electronica/rock/pop, r&b, hip-hop, deep/future house, and future bass, among others. 
Honestly, they're probably mine too. Saw them live last month, they were great!
Here's some of my top plays in the last few months via Last.Fm:

1. Saint Motel - Move
1. Miike Snow - Genghis Khan
1. Glass Animals - Youth
1. Frank Ocean - Lost
1. Stalking Gia - Second Nature
1. Kendrick Lamar - Money Trees
1. Kaytranada - Got It Good
1. Lewis Del Mar - 14 Faces
1. Max Frost - Adderall
1. Glass Animals - Agnes

 
There is going to be a number of Trump supporters who are too embarrassed to vote for him in polls but will vote for him in the election. The same thing happened with Brexit and the 'leave' voters. If this number is 5% or greater, I think we will have a president Trump.

The polls are exceptionally close right now. 3/5 are calling it for Hillary with a 3-4 point lead and 2/5 for trump with a 3-4 point lead.

It is very important to vote, especially in this election as it isn't going to be a freebie for anyone.

One more big headline could totally sway the election given how short the attention span of the country is right now thanks to the media. It's gonna be an interesting 4 days.
Who else think there is going to be some serious rioting if Trump wins? I'm a little afraid to be living in the city right now.
you can buy a handle of kirkland brand vodka for 13 bucks at costco.
That's pretty racist to assume men of color commit crimes because of the emasculation they feel. The only one perpetuating any sort of emasculation is this woman and her rhetoric. People are complex as are the motives for their actions, to generalize such a thing isnt doing anyone any favors. Well, besides her and her twisted view of society that is.
[Aw look how cute](http://imgur.com/a/zUD7Z)
~~If you've got unpaid parking tickets, don't fuck with~~ [the police](http://imgur.com/NW202bU) ~~on purpose.~~
I heard their pay is bananas.
marketing(tm)
That'd be bad for their ratings because the groom doesn't even want to stop her speech for fear of looking bad to the crowd. I think if the protagonist would have been clean and given a genuine speech, she could have walked away from it without completely ruining her rating.

The whole thing was disingenuous though, she didn't actually like naomi, so she couldn't really give a heartfelt speech and have it be sincere.

I think the biggest thing to take away from this episode is the importance of authenticity. 
Can't say I'm surprised at that reaction, she probably didn't think you'd actually hook up with anyone else and just wanted to have her cake and eat it too. Good on you for breaking it off and learning from your situation.

Also, unrelated, but I really enjoyed your use of the word 'precipitate.'
It's outlandish, kid.
Everyone's got a clean house/apartment in these videos and well, to be honest, it's making me feel a little bit bad about myself. 
It looks a lot easier to catch than it would actually be. It's moving pretty damn fast, and those huge wheels would fuck your day up if you mistimed it. I think it'd be best to just try to warn other people to stay away.
Kids are easier to influence, which is part of the reason the age rule exists.

However, 16 year olds have a pretty good grasp on what's right and what's wrong.
Viewing the world through the lens of "who's smarter than me" or "who am I smarter than" is a very toxic way to live your life and view others. That also goes for many other human attributes such as character (I'm a better person than them),  success, attractiveness, etc.

Nothing is black and white, and to think you can accurately evaluate someone's objective intelligence is presumptous. People are intelligent in different areas, including emotional intelligence, street smarts, spatial thinking, creativity, etc. It's very rare that anyone is completely devoid of any sort of intelligence. 

It is our strengths and weaknesses that make us unique individuals, try to appreciate what you can in the people around you and in yourself. You'll find yourself a while lot happier.

Edit: by the way, this wasn't directed at you, just as a general statement
Animals are great and I would ideally like to drop their collective suffering to zero, but in the mean time I'm not gonna give up meat. If that makes me an unethical person, so be it.
Comedies are super subjective.

When you watch a movie with the purpose of judging and critiquing it, the humor can suddenly fall flat fairly easily.
If it's one thing most movie critics hate, it's definitely horror flicks.  
Great, another one of these threads..
You sound like a terrifying version of 'Bop-it'.
Hmm, perhaps it's random then.
I've gotten one for the last 4-5 months. I listen to a lot of new music/a lot of music in general, so perhaps it's based on activity.
I appreciate you, crash team racing was a big part of my childhood and I rarely see it mentioned.
It's great for when I need to throw on something quick and I want to hear lots of music I listen to a lot. Whatever their algorithm is is pretty great, very interesting to see how they group my music into genres.


As far as music discovery, it's good but not a significant source of new music for me as it's slow and highly specific. 


Problems so far have been that the 6 mixes I have haven't changed since Wednesday, and the play lists start playing duplicates after about 25 songs or so. Also, it doesn't really get at my less played tracks.
It's how it should be for all personal information databases, at least for the ones the government owns/contracts.
Exactly. A more intelligent police officer would likely use more discretion, not less because they would have the capacity to more fully understand a situation and the protocol surrounding it.
Great taste, you and I are pretty identical in our favorites and order.
> "Just following orders"  What a terrible argument.

No need to be hostile, I'd be happy to have a discussion with you. The picture you linked is a powerful reminder that certain people in history have committed atrocious crimes when they follow the overall mission of their organization. Nazis mission was to exterminate all jews, police mission is to serve and protect. Therefore, your analogy doesn't really make sense in the context of my argument, because I never said police officers were just following orders. My argument is that most police officers are trying to prevent and stop crime in their community because it is their job to do so. Most of the time, they will never have to use their weapon and I would argue that most hope they never do.

> Oh, is that why the Charleston police is refusing to release all of the footage from the shooting. Chalk another one up to "half-transparency". The police will always lie to save their asses if they can.

Police need to be held accountable, you and I both agree on this. 
For better or worse, our country allows guns which escalates more confrontations between police and citizens to a fatal level. A police officer will respond with deadly force if he fears his life is in danger because a suspect with a gun can just as easily kill him.

Unless guns are totally abolished (probably not going to happen), fatalities from police will be an unfortunate side-effect of an armed society.

If you co-operate with the police, you probably (99.99% of the time) aren't going to be killed. It's shitty, and you can be abused, but it beats being dead and you can always fight it in court after. When you're on the street, you are never going to win an argument with a cop, you're just gonna put yourself in deeper shit.

Cops need to be held accountable for the actions, and some people need to realize most cops are just trying to do their jobs. A deeper level of understanding and dialogue between the two is what's going to help police-community interactions/relations.
Actually it's .098% featuring the c-side tracks, followed by .00001% which is the D-sides. If you keep going then there's room for, well, infinite more tracks.
Oh my.
Won't ever forget the corny-ass video they made where they tried to make it seem like they were saving the world by offering music at full quality (indistinguishable) and "giving more to the artists." Having some of the wealthiest artists in the world try to cry about how they aren't making enough money doesn't make me want to support their business.

Besides that, their introduction has led to the fracturing of artists (through exclusives) across different platforms, which is definitely bad for the consumer. 

Support artists you like by buying their merchandise or donating.
Melanin 9, Milo, illfightyou, Jazz Cartier, Pell, Chuuwee, Michael Christmas 
I didn't either.
For me, it's all worth it. I love living in the middle of the city, where there are always people around, things to do, events going on, places to walk/bike to. The suburbs or rural areas are great for certain people, but I like the sense of community that comes with living downtown.
As someone who has been the victim of an armed robbery and lost teeth in the process, I'm always vigilant now. Until you have been put in a similar position, such caution seems intense and unnecessary but I can assure you it is worth it.  These are some rules I tend to follow and they have served me well in the city.

1.) Pay attention to your surroundings, be aware of the people around you

2.) Keep valuables (phone, wallet, keys, etc) hidden in pockets/purses/backpacks

3.) If you have a bag with you, keep it under your chair, preferably with a strap underneath a leg of the chair.

4.) Don't take more than you need, that goes for keys, electronics and money. If you don't need your car keys/laptop/200 hundred dollars cash that day, don't take them with you.

5.) If you are physically threatened or mugged, just give them what you have.

6.) Do not make prolonged eye contact or conversation with anyone shady, especially homeless people (the aggressive kind), especially if you are alone. If they ask you for money or anything, tell them you don't have any and briskly move on. If you are really inclined to give money, prepare it beforehand or buy them a sandwich. Speaking to them shows a lot about who you are (and chances are that is someone who isn't gonna fight back) and gives them a chance to build up the balls to actually mug you. When I was mugged, I talked to them because I felt obligated and I didn't want to seem rude and then they pulled the gun after a few minutes of tense conversation. Now I am dismissive and almost everyone who accosts me on the street gets the hint immediately that it isn't happening and they go away.

7.) Carry yourself with a good posture, look like you know where you are and where you're going. You want to transmit a message that you are confident and comfortable in this environment but also vigilant and alert. Keep interactions brief and keep moving to your destination.

8.) Avoid groups of men, especially if you are alone, it's late or you aren't in a busy area. Same goes for anyone shady, even if they are alone. If they are loitering, muttering to themselves, loud or aggressive looking, stay away. If that means walking the other way or crossing the street, do it. Don't be afraid to run.

9.) A car stopping near you and rolling down the window is probably bad news. Lots of armed robberies are happening this way now. Don't stop unless you can truly tell it's harmless. Don't be afraid to run.

10.) Don't walk alone at night unless you have to. It's taking a gamble every time. I do it occassionally, but I try to minimize the risk by taking the bus where possible and sticking to the main and well-lit roads.

11.) **Trust your gut.** Giving people the benefit of the doubt is great and all, but at the end of the day, it is your life and it can be literally taken from you. It's better to err on the side of caution and be safe than trust strangers for the sake of being nice or wanting to feel comfortable.
your story is super inspirational, thank you for sharing it
/r/Getdownmrpresident 
Everything in his videos is very aesthetically pleasing. I wish more video makers would put as much time as he does into design because his videos are so satisfying to watch.
The humor from this joke comes from the expectation that the original poster is going to describe the ill effects of porn on a young mind (a widely discussed and controversial topic in academia today), but instead describing the unrealistic response times of servicemen shown in pornography.

Servicemen often have unrealistic response times in pornography due to their presence in the film being a simple plot device in order to add context to the sexual relations depicted. Therefore, the plumber(s) shown are not actually travelling from their place of employment, but instead show up from a place off-screen in order to perform their duties. Often, the on-screen actor/actress will place a false phone call to the plumber, opting to fabricate a conversation in which viewers will perceive as real in order to cement the plotline. This inaccurate, and deceitful act has untold implications upon the young and impressionable minds of today's youth.

A young person, who has no real concept of usual response times in the service industry, will grow up with mismatched expectations about how long it will take for Jim from the landlord complex to show up and fix your fucking toilet after asking every other day for three god damn weeks. 
Yeah, I seriously doubt that Ke$ha brought them a trip hop song.
>I want the gold, where the gold at?

>Must be a crackheeeeaaaad

The original video was a goldmine for the friend group back in the day.
He ha.
Jerry, George, Elaine and Kramer
please make it stop
[Reminded me of this spongebob scene.](http://youtu.be/N-v51CQXx2Q)
She doesn't even look human anymore. I'll never understand the obsession with plastic surgery.

Unless it's a minor adjustment, 9 times out of 10 people would look better without it.
Nothing sparks my motivation like manual labor.
I've worked out a few times after having a few, and they always go super quickly and painlessly.

I attribute it to the drunk walk time dilation effect.


The political climate is becoming more polarized everywhere thanks to the internet. Milwaukee has it's problems with racial tension and segregation, but there is also a diverse community here that rises above. 

As for your personal experience here, it all depends on what kind of people you surround yourself with. There are problems that need to be solved, and the best way that's going to happen will be through dialogue and community.
Can't say I'm surprised.
I believe one in the middle was Take California - Propellerheads
It artificially creates a deep dialogue through a carefully crafted list of questions. Will it create a deeper connection immediately? Yes, probably. Is it healthy or long-lasting? Debatable.




Don't listen to the haters, they want to bring you down. We'll make our own Olympics with the new logo.

I suggest sports like coin flipping, screwing in a light bulb or dropping a towel on the ground quick.
Interesting how the creators of the subreddit chose r/notinteresting over r/uninteresting.

Great content, thanks.
I'd place your comment in the Nu Wave Meta Funk genre, personally.
That's where I recognized it from, thanks.
What you are describing are people who are naive, short-sighted or stupid *and* optimistic. It is possible to recognize the potential problems, address them accordingly while remaining optimistic about the outcome. 

You describe being optimistic as some sort of deficit, when I would argue it is simply another perspective. A diligent optimist is going to consider all the options and certainly isn't going to let adversity get in his way. A naive optimist is going to fall into the same traps as a naive pessimist would, just through different thought processes.
That driveway one was the exact one I had in mind when I opened this thread. So happy to see a resolution here.
Everyone is talking shit to the OP and his wife isn't even alive anymore. 

Sorry for your loss as well /u/UberStone,  you got some serious confidence to post this, I respect that.
Nice change of pace for the hosts to be calm, down-to-earth and normal, more shows need to take this approach. I feel like TV is exhausting with the amount of energy, music and fake enthusiasm.
Tell them to knock it off, I like that song for nostalgia's sake.
for real, the current line-up is insane. If I lived out on the west coast I would probably buy tickets without even knowing the phase 2 line-up.
yep, it's been on repeat since may
It isn't a long one either
Not surprising, those with the largest stakes in political outcomes vote the most while those in the sciences are less concerned since their work is largely independent of any politics.
I hope its okay, that was a big hit
36% is being generous for the in-laws
They leave the garbage and hard to move stuff, so they'd just be stuck with all of the expensive clean-up and hard work.
The solution is right there, the question is are you morally bankrupt enough to see it.
Just wait till it chomps on your computer cables, then it's being is pretty good for giving amazon another sale.
Are you making up stories at the museum again?
It's more of a Thriller delivery
I'd do well in the Decathalon.

1.) Always being right

2.) Cynicism

3.) Name-calling

4.) Hype

5.) Anti-hype

6.) Hyperbole

7.) Shitposting

8.) Trolling

9.) One-ups-manship

10.) Anger
the third iteration of that
this is a very bad omen
Look how fucking calm he is, not a care in the world because he knows exactly what he's doing.
That feel when you're a dog and your best canine mates are having an orgy and your just sitting out as an awkward fourth wheel
Base jumping is pretty dangerous as is, you need hundreds of regular sky diving jumps before they let you BASE jump, so employees would have to be extensively trained.

Even more important, the minimum safe height to BASE jump is around 500 feet, and the average turbine tower is only 200-250 feet tall.

As for hot air balloons, I think it's generally safer to stay in the basket unless you are at a height that you could open your parachute normally. I'm not sure what the leading cause of accident is in a hot air balloon, but I think most accidents are caused when landing, meaning you wouldn't know a crash is about to happen until it's too late to jump.
My local store has almost a 25% mark-up. I've bought most of my games there but it gets hard to justify when I could buy the same thing on Prime and save at least 10 dollars usually.
you should see the secret menu, animal style is where it's at
I'm a huge metal fan and my favorite song is Through the Fire and the Flames
*moves the camera away when the action happens
If there wasn't any people on that, I think it would be appropriate to overlay an ever increasing "fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck." 
reminds me of the internet in the early 2000's
Call of Juarez: Bound in Blood
Nate is right, political corruption, bias and manipulation happens all the time, why bother to have anyone shine light on it, it's normal and not worth our time to examine. /s

If anything, everyone knows shady shit happens in the government, but to use his analogy, no one knows how much the dealers are changing the odds in the back of the house. 
are you a wizard

Checking them out now, I am liking what I'm hearing so far. Thanks for the suggestion!

p.s. for those wondering, they are on spotify
too real
Well, spit it out!
but will it save me from being engulfed by the torrential force that is the meaninglessness of modern life?
The real Ken M is on reddit already though.
Also, the choice they picked for deep house is a good song but it isn't deep house.
My room mate and I didn't think it was worth it to shell out for a window AC unit when there are 9 months of winter.

It should be a fun couple of days for us, please send your prayers.
More issues with option 1:

- Where do you send them? Easy to say 'not our problem,' but it is because you can't just push them to a bordering state or any state for that matter, you need an agreement first. And almost every country is not going to view the mass deportation of a religious population as legal or ethical.

- How do you determine who leaves? What's the cut-off, first-generation, second-generation, third-generation? How about citizens who were born in Syria but moved to Germany and now are atheists? How do you prove that they are practicing muslims? What's stopping every muslim from claiming atheism and practicing their religion secretly after. Will every citizen require an extensive background report, because that is expensive and may not even be conclusive.

- How will the country deal with the aftermath diplomatically of essentially doing exactly what Hitler did before he committed to killing everyone instead? How about the new very real war that will occur with radical islam who now have a very real and obvious target?

Beyond these questions, mass deportation is unethical and many honest people will be harmed in the process. 
This is gonna keep happening, there is no clear cut solution. Here is an extremely simplified version to help understand the options that Europe has in dealing with extremist violence.

Let's say we are in the early days of human civilization, and there are two rival factions, red and blue. Red faction is in the city of Roja and Blue faction in the city of Jora, which are a hundred miles away from each other and there are a few hundred people in each.

The city of Roja has denounced violence and has accepted citizens of Jora into it's city. Some of these new citizens still believe in the religion of Jora, and have a tough time fitting into the society of Roja. Most of the new citizens stick with other Jorans and many try to live their new life as fluidly as possible, after all they did come to Roja for opportunity.

After a few years, Jora falls into a state of constant conflict and fighting which leads to more Jorans to seek refuge in Roja. This influx of people strains the city of Roja as the Rojans feel that there are less jobs and their home is being slowly replaced with the culture of the Jorans.

To make matters worse, a new and bolder version of the Joran religion has been wreaking havoc in Jora and has spread to the city of Roja after some time. Some Jorans do not agree with the new rules, but some Jorans have, and those that do attack Rojans.

The Rojans, who have put up with the strain of the increased population, grow quickly intolerant of the acts of violence perpetrated by the radical Joran citizens.

**They now have 5 obvious options, and all of them have their flaws:**

**1.)** They remove the entire Joran population from Roja by exile, imprisonment or death

**2.)** They can ignore the attacks and chose to let the peaceful Jorans stay, knowing that more attacks will inevitably come.

**3.)** They can denounce the Joran religion and make it illegal

**4.)** They can attack the city of Jora

**5.)** They can ban all weapons within the city perimeter


None of these options will completely work because the city of Roja is in contention with an *idea* not a physical enemy. The city of Roja can only influence it's own laws meaningfully, the only way to affect Jora is through force.

**Here are the flaws with each option:**

**1.)** How can Rojans tell who is Joran and who isn't? Let's say recordkeeping is excellent in Roja, in that case, would it be unethical to exile every Joran, even the honest and hardworking ones? If we want to exile only the extreme and criminal Jorans, how can we tell them apart? Imprisonment would be costly and death would be atrocious. This option has the best chance of stemming attacks, but at a high cost that many conscientious Rojan citizens are not willing to pay.

**2.)** Ignoring the attacks sounds easy and like the most ethical towards the Jorans, but how long can the population stand idly when their fellow community members and family are being killed? If the government of Roja stands idle, it's citizens will soon take matters into their own hands if they feel justice is not being served. This option could lead to a powder keg and violent, ugly and blind mob justice.

**3.)** This option is relatively unethical and if history bears repeating, not a great sign for the state of Roja as a whole. There are also issues in how to enforce such a law, as most will continue to practice the extreme religion in secret. 

**4.)** Attacking the city of Jora will accomplish nothing as Jora does not have an army to fight. In fact, attacking Jora will only cause more citizens to want to flee to Roja to escape the danger in the city and more Joran citizens to turn to violence themselves.

**5.)** Weapons are already limited within the city of Roja, and the assailants will simply chose a household item to attack with or make their own weapons within the confines of the city. 

Therefore, the only solution lies in nuance. This is a battle of hearts and minds and ideology, but there is only so much a foreign government can do to prevent such attacks from happening. In fact, such attacks can not even be prevented from the state they originated from, as such religious sects operate from within the country, not the government. It is purely cultural, and stopping an idea is not an easy task. Especially not when the citizens who commit such heinous acts are often highly disconnected to the society they live in, which makes any efforts to educate them through society or a media a gamble at best.

TL;DR: Don't expect an easy solution to this
It irritates me when things like trucks and busses are in the left lane. There is no reason a vehicle that large and slow should be in the passing lane.
Half the time my duvet cover is on my duvet, the other half of the time it is still in the basket. It's actual work to get that thing on there alone.
Yes, we have noticed a smell in our water recently as well. Also there have been particles in it.
Unfortunately, that's only effective for about 2 seconds before he starts crying.
o shit waddup
If pallets to rage, then when and why will they be angry?
You don't have to take any substances to enjoy his music.
now imagine both at once
Woodman's doesn't have imported beer from Asian countries the last time I checked, though I may have just missed it. They have plenty of imported beer from Europe though.
Lots of people at Enron participated in fraud, but since everyone was doing it there so that makes it okay. We shouldn't hold the executives and accountants responsible because they were just following the rules of a broken system that allowed them to get away with it.

Give me a break.
It's a television persona. I don't mind it, it's not great, but I'm used to it.

What I don't like is the intense music and dramatic cuts. Give me a BBC style documentary any day.
Through my years, I've found that I have a pretty rare order of favorites.

Red > Yellow > Orange >>>>> Pink
I feel like getting hit in the head is usually accompanied by a headache.

That being said, if you get hit hard in the head, you should probably go to a doctor no matter what, especially if you have any other symptoms (blurred/double vision, trouble concentrating, confusion, headache,etc). Concussions are no joke.
I am impressed by your responses. You seem very respectful, calm, caring and patient. Keep being you, we need more people like you in the world.

that, and good will and publicity.
I've also heard stories of pieces of straw being impaled into tree trunks.

edit: according to another post in this comment tree, this cannot actually happen. The More You Know (tm)
Sounds like he thought of the punchline first and then thought of a scenario that would work.
I like the rising sun one a lot, I hope they pick it. 
I'm thinking it's gotta be some artistic thing because that sign always has lights out.
you are in the milwaukee subreddit, friend.
I think that guy just wants people to get poop on their hand.
Mcgillacuddy's, though it's on water so expect a different atmosphere than the east side or bay view.
>the main point of that (a fuckin Wikipedia article) was most variants don't include ice tea and none of the top hits for making one aka recipes for mixing, didn't even mention it
so what the fuck are you even trying to say? 

You misinterpreted my original comment, which was in agreement with the poster I responded to and was directed towards the two people who claimed that long island iced tea contained tea (which it doesn't). Therefore it would seem that you are actually in agreement with me. 

As a side note, I don't understand why you are so hostile. If you keep this up, you're gonna need to go on beta-blockers by the time you are 30 my dude.
> A Long Island Iced Tea is a type of alcoholic mixed drink typically made with tequila, vodka, light rum, triple sec, gin, and a splash of **cola,** which gives the drink the same amber hue as its namesake.[1] 

>**Close variants** often replace the sour mix with lemon juice, replace the cola with diet cola or actual iced tea, or add white crÃ¨me de menthe; **however, most variants do not include any tea**. Some restaurants substitute brandy for the tequila. 

That's from your own link, by the way (the one that isn't a subjective recipe). 

I've never seen a long island made with actual tea, I thought it was common knowledge that the drink name is misleading.
can't say I'm surprised to see people on this website correcting someone when they have no clue what they are talking about.
Must. resist. obvious. reference...
The world needs more randomly placed slides.
The BBC may be independently funded but they are hardly impartial.
That is great to read. Talk to your wife and be a team together. The past is the past (especially since it was a break), but by sticking by her side now in the present, you are proving your loyalty and allegiance to your wife. 

Good luck!
Seriously, that is a horrible idea. 

OP just tell your wife the truth, it was 15 years ago. You guys need to be a team now, and that means she is in the loop about how this crazy woman is trying to intervene in your marriage. 


398k in wages?! Holy fuck. If you are running a start-up, wages should be a small percentage unless you have multiple engineers or other highly skilled employees. They shouldn't be paying themselves at all unless they literally can't afford to live without a stipend.

I think this was all planned from the start.
He probably didn't go to the police because he was complicit in the crime. If he really was blindsided by this, he would have immediately gone to the police and began proceedings to sue his partner to regain the funds back to keep running the business. His video would not have had his partner in it either.



considering it's a suicide prevention post, that kind of formatting could be considered criminal negligence.


well in that case,

if I was a mod, I would sticky other people's memes too.
what we need is a laissez-faire meme market.
if i was a mod, I would sticky my memes too
He wanted you to gift you some karma.

Truly selfless.
More than one hype drop in a video and it loses it's effectiveness to me.
How does faster travel invalidate the benefits of individual state rights?
Yes I do.
I'd like to see this in one of those supercut videos. The one where he accidentally hits the microphone with his hand is classic.
If this is true then her caption for that picture is disengenious.
And it is the direct result of OP's actions (obviously not rationally, as it was his own doing), which makes it even worse. I could see him taking this out on him without him even being involved, but now that his girlfriend left him because OP talked to her, he is really going to hate him.

Be careful out there OP, I think all of this is gonna send this guy over the edge.

Exactly, so let's focus on the real issue here and figure out how to make sure OP's girlfriend can get enough attention from OP.
Like everything else this world, nothing is black and white.

Especially with this recent update, I'm sure the teacher's aide had some very legitimate reasons to be angry with this teen, and at the same time had no right to lay his hands on him. The student should never have been assaulted by a teacher at school, and at the same time most likely provoked the entire thing (at least that's what it sounds like from the information given in the original story).

There's no winners here unfortunately.


Interesting how the cat seems to take time to think.
Very very very unlikely. The tech will be there but there a few main issues.

1.) Doing this would require strategic timing that is unwieldy. Nukes can be deployed at any time, asteroids would have a specific date and time they can impact.

2.) At some point, it will be physically impossible to deflect an asteroid that is careening towards earth after it has followed it's earth-bound trajectory for too long.

3.) Asteroids are fucking devestating, 
Rest in pepsi.
Have you ever seen an old or half peeled sticker? They look like garbage. And it's not any rock, it's a gravestone, and it's one of a key person in American history. 



I don't think the rain will remove the stickers that are flat on the surface. I doubt those are high quality stickers, so they will probably need to be removed via a power washer or something or they'll leave residue.
>I'm covered in crackhead

That guy took that situation like a champ.
ayy
That's an exaggeration. The article is fairly neutral for an opinion piece in the first place. The author's perspective is that maybe there is a movement towards victimization in present-day American culture.


At no point does the author claim American culture is being destroyed or will be much worse off, nor is it implied. If anything, the author is extremely careful as to not step on toes.

Its a bit ironic that you completely disregard the whole article because you think it's an over-reaction.
What else could KP stand for other than the unforgettable Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
Yeah, I know. Doesn't change that I still hope she recovers even if the chances are slim to none.
Meh, yeah it's sad and I hope she recovers, but what's the point of having a poll if you aren't going to use the name people voted for.
I wonder if the rims are capable of handling that sort of torque? 
So, how do the brakes work? Something tells me that you wouldn't be able to stop very quickly going as fast as they were on the road towards the end of the clip.
Not too late to leave your relationship now if you don't think you'd do it over again if you could go back. It's sounds like you don't trust your husband and rightfully so, he never took ownership of his problems and tried to manipulate you. Don't think that because you've put 2 more years in that now you have to stay.
His fans will unfortunately not see the justice or humor in it, so I would probably not make a video just to avoid provoking a bunch of immature kids into harassing this poor girl. 
It's not here yet, but I think the tide will turn fairly quickly once it kicks in for real. It's pretty surprising the channel has been popular on reddit for this long with the high post rate.

Only thing I don't like about the videos is that the man and his wife both sound like they are fake-laughing every time. I think the first few times the wife laughed it was legitimate, but then they heard so much support for it that they tried to include it in every video.

Either way, I watch them each time they are posted so it's good content to me, I'm just not sure how long their hype train is gonna last.
Gary is great if you don't mind getting murdered
Yaks N Things is an amazing business name.
sooo pitted
Tasty
Tasty?
You also have to apply, and they don't accept many applicants.
If they cost more than they save, why would the government enact them to save the state money? Wouldn't that strengthen the idea that for the government it is purely a legal/ethical policy to refuse assistance to citizens that break the law?

I personally think our drug laws here in the states are draconian, but assigning motives to policies that may or may not be true is a slippery slope.
Those are unrelated. The idea to drug test welfare recipients does not have anything to do with the percentage of welfare recipients that consume drugs, and subsequently is unrelated to that number compared to the percentage of wealthy non-recipients that consume drugs.

As far as the policy is concerned, the crux of the issue comes down to whether or not people consuming illegal drugs should be given assistance by the government.

The only time the percent matters is if drug testing eliminates a large portion of the eligible applicant pool, in which case drug testing may be defeating the purpose of welfare in the first place, since many people in need are denied assistance.

As a side note, I am neutral on this issue.

Went in with very low expectations and was pleasantly surprised.
You didn't choose your height, man. Live your life.
Its nice you care about the enjoyment of others, but I think you should give less of a fuck and go wherever you want to so you can enjoy the show.
Gorgeous bird, how does he behave? I've heard birds are tough to take care of.
Good survival instincts.
I agree with your breakfast food rankings. How do you feel about Starburst flavors?
Definitely a classic. I'm glad to see you listen to hip-hop, I listen to a lot as well. Don't have time right now but after class I'll go and post some suggestions.
What games have you been playing lately?
I recently moved to a city and I feel the same way. Especially since my car recently died, I've been appreciating the bus immensely.
Congratulations, you are our second moderator! It should be fairly low maintenance, I appreciate your time and effort going in to this.
Different than I am used to, but I can dig it.
Agreed, Ill be back on tomorrow. Good night!
It's getting worse.
I say no. There are too many unknowns.
I'm glad you made an alt so you can participate! Do you like going to school in Toronto?
yes, it got crazy real quick lol. Too many memes for this memester.
Hi Russ. I'm gonna look for some more guitar songs in my library and see what I can find that you might like.
This would never work on a Latvian, they would sense the presence of more than one potato and suspect trickery immediately.

as the old Latvian proverb goes:

>Latvian who find pile of potato soon find himself planted like potato. Such is life.
Would you rather be in a submarine that is waterproof or a submarine that is non-waterproof. 

Point set match.
It's a pseudoscience so it shouldn't be remotely a consideration but people are gonna complain anyway.
Is 500,000 going to be enough to fix the domes?
People who believe in astrology and horoscopes are gonna have a problem. 

> According to a new survey by the National Science Foundation, nearly half of all Americans say astrology, the study of celestial bodies' purported influence on human behavior and worldly events, is either "very scientific" or "sort of scientific."

http://www.nsf.gov/statistics/seind14/index.cfm/chapter-7/c7h.htm
His completely unenthusiastic responses had me laughing. 
Christ Phyllis, get your shit together.
I wonder how many times the effects of penicillin has been accidently discovered and subsequently forgotten in history before it was officially discovered. 


I've gotten that feeling from almost all the media I've read this election cycle.
the question is: is it spicy?
It's encoded in us to desire to continue our survival as a species. Truthfully, it wont matter to anyone on earth today if humanity is wiped out in 200 years or 200 million years. Chances are we aren't gonna make it long-term, there's too many variables and humans have shown time and time again that they will ignore the problems plaguing their society until it's too late. 


When I saw this post I was thinking "wow, it's beautiful but I bet the hotel sticks out like a sore thumb there" but that architecture truly makes the building fit in the environment well.
Well, I for one did appreciate it.
He actually fell pretty well. It looks like his arms and body hit the ground before his head, so he probably didn't die. He did hit his face on the ground though, so that probably didn't feel too good.
What a bizarre world we live in. A religious man who is part of a religion that is under fire for being intolerant, promotes tolerance between religions and is killed by an intolerant man of the same religion (supposedly). And all this does is make everyone more intolerant.

I keep thinking about how to make people more tolerant, accepting and respectful of one another but there seems to be no easy solution when radicalism can make things worse so quickly.


Bit disappointed Ethan got as wrapped up as he did in the whole business. Part of me understands the desire to defend himself, and he's done a great job at it, but another part of me feels like he could have just stayed above the whole thing.

Either way, I still support Ethan and Hila.
That's a really good point, if a reporter were to report something off the rcord, it could have some serious repercussions for them. Namely, no one would want to work with them again, especially the original source.
Why watch when you live it every day.
It's not just him, I also felt the video was quite profound.

You have two species of animals ready to kill one another but cannot due to forces outside their own comprehension. Then the camera zooms out and you see another group of animals who's species are responsible for the entire thing, calmly watching in amusement as the two groups in front of them lose their minds. Humans are on a completely different level thanks to our consciousness, but realistically we are just as much an animal as the baboons and chimpanzees. This video was a strong reminder of that.

The fact that the humans are laughing is a bit disturbing as well, it isn't really funny to see animals provoked like that by the shirt design of the enclosure. As least separate them so they cannot interact.
I feel like the comic is meant to be morbidly funny for that reason, yet no one talks about it when the comic gets posted.


That's shitty. 100 years of living with a fucking spear embedded in you. 
I can guarantee you someone would try on the basis of thinking it would lengthen their life.
He's said recently that he's voting for Bernie Sanders.
I really like that quote, thanks for sharing Steve.
So we are just all acting like 'policy wonk' is a thing, huh?
Actually, I pay for plenty of premium content, dont pirate music or software and don't use an ad blocker, but nice assumption.
With billions of possible content providers on the internet, the supply is simply too high to expect any sort of price on content. People are happy to even have their content read at all.

That's not to say people shouldn't be compensated for their very high quality content, but it's gonna continue to be harder to earn money as more talented producers of content compete online.
That attitude you speak of is exactly what I'm talking about. Girls think boys their age are much less mature and they are on the level of older men. But if you have ever seen a relationship between an older man and a younger woman, you'd know that unless the man is developmentally behind, there is an enormous difference in maturity. That's because girls only think they are leaps and bounds ahead of boys their age, but really maturity is mostly tied to age, not gender.


This confidence in their own maturity is a huge blindspot, and ironically is the source of a lot of immaturity in girls that manifests itself in different ways than boys.
I'm not sure they see it so much as they think it. Boys and girls are equally immature, just in different ways.
but
Probably only took 4 months to render too.
A fence-post
It's something he himself is doing in that very post.
attending, don't think there will be many indieheads there but it would be awesome to meet up
Tentative.
disagree, it is better in ways but certainly not miles ahead (full disclosure I'm also a huge fan of both albums). They are different albums, but the quality is all there on the second album that was present on the first. There are a few duds on Supermodel, namely, Goats in Trees and The Truth, but you have some really great tracks on the rest of the album that are unique and catchy.

Torches is more consistent in quality (every song is good), but I prefer Supermodel even if a few songs do miss the mark.

Unfortunately, I think Supermodel is mostly slept on besides the few singles the radio played for a short while after it was released.
Being released to DVD is hardly indicative of anything. It still hasn't been shown on TV and I doubt there are a lot of people who bought a 'Best of Saturday TV Funhouse TV' DVD in the first place. 

In fact, the reason it was cut was that it "wasn't funny," which I and others would disagree with and seems like a cop-out excuse. Cutting out a costly animation for a showing of the backstreet boys is not a normal decision unless there are other factors at play beyond being 'unfunny' (given half of the sketches on SNL aren't funny in the first place). 

I have to say that that article is fairly weak for Snopes.
Which is a shame too, I like that album a lot.
Misleading people after they ask a genuine question is poor form. Be a little more considerate next time.
I was expecting [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQCU36pkH7c).
Seinfeld.
Everyone was anticipating him winning the oscar and wanted to hear him speak and he earned the extra time.
Awesome, thanks for the super fast reply!
Hey, I'm curious, how did you make this? I am digging the effect, it looks computer generated. 

Thanks!
Now this guy knows how to film things falling.
Words cannot explain my disappointment as it fell and the camera stayed fixed on the wall. Not even a single shot of the aftermath. What are you looking at the wall for, guy? Do you have a phobia of filming things falling to the ground? Did you think more was going to fall? I bet if it did, you wouldn't film that either.

Not impressed.

What a kind and welcoming community. 

As an aside, Milwaukee has its ups and downs, but most people here are overall nice people and there is a great up and coming atmosphere in the city. Not too familiar with the twin cities, but as long as you are on the east side or bayview, I can vouch that Milwaukee is a worthwhile place to live.
Damn, that would bug me, of course you would want what you originally ordered (and most likely paid more for)
Agreed on all points, it's just a shame that eliminating wasteful spending is much easier said than done.
Whole article is written on the basis that the lunch program is a rough proxy for poverty. I don't know one way or another because I don't know what the criteria are, but basing an argument off of a correlation is going to be inherently less concrete.
As long as people have a roof over their heads, food in their stomach and distraction (sports, tv, movies, social media, iphones, music, games, politics etc), they will be content with the status quo. 
Business as usual. 
I know plenty of millenials who are going to vote for HRC. I am not one of them but claiming that she is unelectable is not realistic.
Everyone talks about each rise and dip in polls as if it's gonna totally define the election moving forward. It's obviously going to have an effect, but it's early enough that literally anything can happen. That's why it bugs me when people are already calling the race and labeling candidates 'unelectable'. It's all hearsay and the media loves it.
Most likely it is from a collection that was passed on to someone else who doesn't value them as a collection and doesn't want to go through the hassle of selling them. Or maybe an old person finally wanted to get rid of their old stamps that have been sitting in their junk drawer for a few decades.
You seem like a very reasonable and nice person and I enjoyed our exchange. Have a nice day!
Definitely a similar format, I feel like Bourdain is more outspoken and bold though, this guy is much more reserved (which I like, it's calming to watch).
Just my personal opinion, but I don't think they are too similar beyond both hosting travel shows.
Sorry dude, you wouldn't get it.
OP, I would also like a grilled chicken sandwich, light on the mayo.
The blind leading the blind.




As a side note, I also have no idea what I'm doing.
Also a fan of Birds of Flim
I love that entire album.
As much as I think she should be prosecuted, I seriously doubt a pardon would tank Obama's good will. Most people don't understand the gravity of the crimes, nor do they care.
>RiRi
Jesus, that must have been an insane couple of days for that child.
Telling him how deeply she's in love with him right before telling him the big reveal is very manipulative.
There's deer and present danger.
This picture is taken the same day that [two people are hit by blow darts while walking across the golden gate bridge](http://www.foxnews.com/us/2016/02/14/two-people-walking-across-golden-gate-bridge-hit-by-blow-darts.html).

Coincidence? I think not.
"The political climate at that time and the context surrounding the bill dictated the circumstances of that particular outcome"

Obtuse, diffuses responsibility, and sounds competent. Of course a follow up question could prove difficult if he actually doesn't want to fund that program, but then he shouldn't be saying that pro-education rhetoric anyway, he should be talking about anti-tax rhetoric.
    ,
Let it blow, let it bloowwwwww
There's no way that guy lived.
A true pepe artisan
>hooves of fate

Too soon.
I skipped to the existential quandary part, realized that nothing mattered objectively and started to define life by my own terms since it's all arbritary anyway. My main focus is on self-improvement, and caring for others, everything else should hopefully follow. It has been fulfilling so far at least.


To be fair, they definitely showed up tonight too.
palms are sweaty
What the fuck
Rodgers the 2-minute drill god has entered his domain
that rustled my jimmies.
Rodgers in the 2 (3) minute gauntlet yet again. This is where he does best, I am still confident we are in this game
yoooooooooo
So many weird situations this game
anyone else hear the 'god-damnit' after the punt?
bit of both
that Arby's commercial...
Bruce has got the thousand yard stare
I like when commercials have screaming in them
Rodger's face was so sad there :(
Song they just played during the QB stats was Gone are the days - HONNE
[Wat](http://i.imgur.com/AxtzziK.gif)
If you want it done well, you gotta do it yourself
^"kooooooooooonnnnn"
The pack has gotta try hard and play good if they want to win
Thats the kind of punt I used to get excited about in Madden
The sooner the pack can gain some traction and start gaining some yards the better. If momentum keeps picking up for the cards it's gonna be a rough game
oh christ, this nationwide commercial again
London has fallen looks like a very generic action movie
red hot sex
I feel that way about commercials in general at this point
Denel swartklip were some of my first words as a child. Amazing someone can mess that up.
Nice playlist! Very 80's.
Get up, come on get down with this statement?
That doesn't look like marker to me.
The fairweather fans are just more vocal I guess.
I feel like human beings are not acclimated to living underground so it will probably always remain a last resort.
Stick to your guns OP, when you feel lonely in the future you are going to want to talk to her but you know that she has influence over you so don't put yourself in that position by talking to her.

It's really important you stick to no-contact (beyond the absolute necessities for divorce). If you have to talk to her for something beyond your control, keep it calm, cool, and professional. Don't speak about how you are feeling or ask her how she is feeling. Don't talk about anything beyond what you have to for the divorce.

Good luck OP!
I have to disagree that him texting her is somehow inevitable. Some people have the self-discipline to avoid contact even when their emotions are 100% telling them otherwise. The key is understanding that no matter how you feel right now, no contact is the right thing to do to lead to a happier future sooner.

OP seems like he has a good head on his shoulders, I think he will handle this well.
That sound has stayed with me for a long time.
what kind of thing does he say?
fucking typical john
Gotta keep it Carlton.
Is that tuco?
Actually, reddit is a single person who has wildly inconsistent opinions and an uncanny ability to post hundreds of replies per second.
This sort of tone is really common on reddit and the Internet in general. It's kind of a shame because it discourages healthy discussion.
Turtles are pretty slow, except when they are not.


(To unsubscribe please respond within 2 minutes or face additional charges)
He had a penchant for offbrand cognac and hard candy. Tough to miss.
I imagine no one would want to eat out anymore.
If your parents had a gun to their head and in order to save them you would have to cheat on your boyfriend. Is it fair for your boyfriend to think you are a cheater because in an extremely extremely unlikely situation, you wouldn't behave the same as you normally would?

This guy would probably do everything in his power to save your life beyond giving up his own life, which is not unreasonable.

There's nothing to gain from asking such silly questions.
Very enjoyable movie.
It's funny, these gifs are pretty mundane if you have actually played the game because moments like these happen so often. The devs did an amazing job at making you feel like you are in an action movie nearly the entire time you play.
Go to counseling.

Or don't. It doesn't seem to matter to you either way.

If you don't love your wife then what are you doing with your life in the mean time.

The cavalier way you write about your wife makes me sad. You really don't give a single fuck about her. She is gonna be devestated with the news and you are posting online about your wife you don't like or love anymore and asking us if you should put in a few pity sessions of CC whilst bemoaning your existence as if you were born out of a Hemingway novel.

Fucking divorce her so she can face the reality of the situation and treat her well through everything. She has not done a single thing to deserve anything but the most professional and kindest divorce.

Gah, what a dark post

To be fair, his wife didn't tell him about the nap time and graham crackers.
He said the bit to you about telling a potential gf to take a hike if you didn't like her because he wants you to do the same for him. He totally sounds infatuated with you and perhaps you should talk with your boyfriend since the last you guys talked about it you said you didn't think he had any feelings for you. 

Part of the agreement in your bf trusting you after being initially dismayed is that if you did feel like there was something, he is trusting you would tell him.

I know you don't want to hurt your ex's feelings but his behavior is over the line and you gotta think about which relationship you care about more.
There's no way to recover your pride after you've dove on the ground for a bill.
That's not how personality disorders work. The person afflicted has the disorder from deficiencies or abuse in their childhood. Their brain is wired a certain way because their parents wouldn't respond in a way that normal parents would.

Are they culpable for their actions? Absolutely.

Are they completely aware and choosing to do it anyway? Probably not.

They act out of emotional instinct that is impossible for us to empathize with because our brains don't work the same way.
It is scary to me that you think it's a good idea to hop back in this relationship. You **know** what is going to happen. Things will be good for a month as your ex is on his best behavior and then he's going to treat you horribly again.

Do not fall for his manipulation! 

P.s. you shouldn't be in a relationship if you feel that strongly towards your ex, it isn't fair to your current partner. The only exception is if you absolutely cut contact with your ex and try your best to move on.
He wants to get in your pants and you want commitment. Anything he says is just the minimum to keep you hooked and give him the best chance at getting with you. I recommend you break things off with him as he seriously isn't going to change anything and his behavior is dishonest and sketchy as fuck.
Keep the fond memories but realize if this truly was your soul mate/dream girl/etc that she wouldn't have broken it off with you. You are stuck on an idealized memory of your ex that doesn't exist in reality. You don't need to forget her to accept you two were not right for one another. Don't contact her and keep living your life to its fullest by engaging yourself with your career, hobbies, your health, dating, reading, etc. Oh yeah, and don't talk to her or check in on her any more. 

Eventually doing this you will stop caring about her so much and find someone else when you are content with yourself. You are young and doing well for yourself, I wouldn't worry in the slightest about your future.
It seems to me like OP is doing some serious mental gymnastics to get around some hang-ups he has about his relationship. I personally think he would probably benefit from seeing a professional about this, since people online aren't going to have a whole lot to say that is going to change his mind.
I would hope any girlfriend of mine would have the courtesy to call and tell me a co-worker is crashing on her couch that night. That's besides the whole lying thing. I think you should trust your gut here.
Of course she is going to have a reason if you meekly confront her. Dude, that is not acceptable.
Holy shit.

>It went ok until for some reason Jane decided it would be fun to make me the butt of every joke. I can take a joke, I'm OK with giving and getting a little crap, but this went on for a better part of the night, to the point that her husband even made a comment about how it was going too far and I would never want to come back. I laughed it off at first and then as it kept going I just shut up and didn't respond either way. I am in a new state surrounded by a group of people I don't know, who are all long time friends, in an uncomfortable scenario, and I am not going to cause a scene or make waves. My boyfriend was laughing it up like she was the funniest person in the world which I'm sure just egged her on. When we left I told him that he should have stuck up for me, just before bursting into tears from being hurt and humiliated, far from home at the holidays, and he didn't care at all. His response was not to acknowledge that I was put in a shitty situation, but to immediately defend Jane. She was just joking. Stop being so sensitive. You could have spoken up. This ultimately led to our first fight, about how she does something shitty, I'm hurt, and he defends her.

This was your cue to break up with this guy. I skipped to the end after I read this and hoped that your tl;dr would be that you broke up with this disgraceful and disrespectful dweeb.

He doesn't respect you at all. You deserve so much more than someone that will constantly disregard your feelings and then DEFEND the person who is belittling you. He's extremely jealous, controlling, and totally sketchy. If anyone has absurd double standards, it's him.

Please, please reconsider your relationship with this guy, it sounds very abusive and I hate to see anyone in this sort of situation.
It's up to you what you want to do. Your perspective on this type of thing will probably change when you are in a relationship and can see the other side of the equation more clearly. Personally, I think the right thing to do here would be to stop current advances until she does something about her boyfriend. 

You can't really go wrong by standing by until she officially ends her relationship, but do know that she is definitely not the type to date given her behavior with you whilst in her current relationship. 
That's a big favor to ask and I doubt the friend would be keen to send explicit photos of herself to someone she if she wasn't attracted at least on some level.
This is what makes all those hours spent on reddit worth it.


Holy shit.
Having the virtual walls is a brilliant solution to prevent people from running into their environment. It was very interesting to see this guy get better over time.
Lifesavers mini golf and the secret passage ways would entertain me and my elementary school friends for hours. 
Well, it might be tough for you to be around him on this trip, particularly because you are both single and neither of you are going to enjoy seeing the other with someone else. It's shitty because a lot of your friends are going so it would suck to miss it, but I personally wouldn't go on a vacation with my ex so soon after the break up.

I think the best thing for you is to give yourself some distance to heal. If you go on the trip, just keep to yourself and certainly don't let him sway you back into getting back together (which I predict is going to happen on this trip at some point).

It's not easy to stop caring about an someone or their opinion but it will get easier when you have some time apart and see him for what he really is.
1.) Your ex does not sound like a good friend, I'd advise you stop caring about him or his opinion
2.) Ignore him and have fun.
You made a serious error in judgement in letting your father's priorities become your own, and axing the relationship for this reason was hurtful and unfortunately a big mistake. Lying about sending nude pictures was also hurtful and deceitful. 

That being said, You'd think you killed someone based on the way people are treating you in this thread. You don't deserve that kind of abuse because everyone makes mistakes and you clearly are regretful for your actions.

My only advice for you is to truly let her go if that's what she wants, it isn't fair to her for you to continually contact her and keep her from moving on. There's a chance she will give you another chance, so you might as well pour your heart out and be 100% truthful and go from there.
You are not a terrible person despite what the other posters say, you've made some mistakes. Your actions may have doomed this relationship, and you just have to come to terms with that. Tell her how you honestly feel and the whole truth and then it is in her hands. And then you respect her decision and work at things or leave her alone depending on what she wants. Good luck.
If they are out in the ocean swimming all day it's probably way more comfortable to be topless.
I love vintage clips like this that transport you to another time and place on Earth. It blows my mind how much goes on around the world today and even with the media and Internet you only see a fraction of a percent of it. 

As a side note, this video seems satirical.
God, I don't watch much youtube but I love Ethan and Hila. I hope this gets sorted out for them, they deserve every penny.
 '..deud' has slipped into my daily vocabulary.

Papa bless.
At 2:44 one of the groupies totally disrespects him and he isn't having any of it. 
Sounds like a lot for dog food, but it's not too bad considering this is a pretty serious international event. 
He sounds like Bill Murray in What about Bob?
[Don't hit it forty times, Daniel..](https://youtu.be/iYcXcCpD0qA?t=3m23s)
/r/cringe 
'And here we see the viral video in it's natural habitat'

...

'When feeling threatened, the video will duplicate into two identical copies of itself and disperse into it's natural habitat'
Agreed. I know you have no idea what to do at this point but just take a deep breath and realize no matter what happens you are going to be alright. There is no need to make a decision this second, just accept you are in a position of uncertainty right now and move forward cautiously. You will know what to do when the time comes, so getting worried about it won't help you. I know that's meaningless coming from someone else, but you truly are going to be okay no matter what happens.
Here's the thing. My main tie-up was that I couldn't get actual proof that my ex was cheating. I had lots of these types of situations occur, but without proof I felt like I was throwing a good thing away over nothing substantial. But looking back, the situations themselves are just as valid and legitimate as reasons to break up as tangible evidence of physical or emotional cheating. She knowingly hurt you and then tried to play it off like it was nothing at first (which I would personally fall for time and time again). That shows a part of her that is all you really need to know in order to see she isn't good for you. If you try to press it out of her, it isn't going to work, ever. She's just gonna double down, except now she knows what you know so she can cover her tracks better.

You don't need proof in this case, the proof of something just as relevant is right in front of you.



The number one reason I left my relationship with a woman who did things like this was because it was exceptionally draining, both mentally and emotionally. These games never go away because unless something changes drastically, because she won't think about you first so there will always be situations that cross your boundaries. Worse yet is the ever-present anxiety that looms around when you don't trust your SO (and why would you, she doesn't think about you in the times it matters the most). It adds up until you cumulatively feel uneasy and borderline anxious all of the time. My relationship was full of this stuff so it's probably not as intense for you, but when I was done it felt like a 10 ton weight being lifted off my shoulders and I've been much happier even with the loneliness.

If this sort of thing is a one off deal, then maybe it's worth it to try. But your body and mind will thank you in the future for relieving you from the stress that is associated with these anxiety-filled semi-traumatic events. You don't need the person closest to you to bring you off center, the world already tries to do that enough anyway yknow?
First of all, closure is a myth anyway because it just re-opens wounds and gets you more invested in the person, and she could have closed that door through email, self-reflection, or a phone call even. I guarantee you she is more invested having left that 5 hour meeting than she was going in.

Some things don't add up here.

What exactly happened during the 5 hours? Did she tell you what they talked about/where they went/what they did? You shouldn't just let this go, this is your time to ask because she legitimately broke your trust so you deserve to know.

The only way this is gonna work is if she isn't contacting him anymore. Like at all. That would prove she was doing it to tie up loose ends and gain closure, because if she actually did that she wouldn't have much reason to talk to him anymore. 

She should have been honest from the get-go like you said. Also, her behavior doesn't line up well with her past behavior of seeking attention and lacking empathy for you.

>She listened, cried, told me she hates hurting me and that she never wanted/wants to.

If this was true, she would have never handled things the way she did by brushing off your feelings and taking it to the extreme by talking for 5 hours at a bar without talking to you at all. Her needs come first, you are an afterthought. Her emotions at that time are genuine but that's because she is facing the consequences of her actions directly.

>she knew that she needed that closure before jumping in with both feet.

Sounds eerily familiar to what people say when they want to see other people first before committing (which never works)

Could this all be a mistake? Yes, absolutely. But still keep your eyes open. The emotional appeal is extremely fucking effective and can make you forget all about how hurt you were and turn the tables so you have to care for her. Lots of people do these things unintentionally, they grew up around these tactics so it is subconsciously ingrained in them to behave a certain way to receive a certain result.

I hope the best for you in the days moving forward.
Wow Ethan great moves
Yeah, I totally understand that. Fuck this situation in general, I've been through very similar situations and it is damned if you do and damned if you don't. There was so much anxiety for me around these situations and then my ex would make me feel guilty for caring or getting upset in the first place.

No matter what your girlfriend is probably going to make it seem like it wasn't a big deal, so you gotta decide how you want to approach it. If you leave the apartment, you are making a big statement that you are done with the relationship or she royally fucked up. But you need to be actually confident with that decision or you will second-guess your reaction and end up apologizing to her and then she will always have the upper-hand in every interaction she has with this guy that bothers you. Stand your ground with your boundaries.

My relationship could have been completely different but looking back on it there was tons of shit like this where my ex did whatever she wanted and then revised history to make me look like the villain and constantly second-guess myself. If I was in your shoes I would be very cautious because I brushed off behavior like that for way too long because I took her projections of me to heart (and genuinely believed I was being controlling). In the end, she was emotionally cheating with two men and slept with one of them (or both I only know about one thank god) 2 weeks after I got fed up with being manipulated and triangulated and left the relationship.
Geez, what time is it by you and how long has she been out to dinner? In my opinion, you should give her a call if it'a been more than 2 hours. Just call to check in and see how her day has been going, you should be able to tell if something's weird.
I think you're approaching it very well, I also wouldn't bring it up yet. It's much better to be aware and take note than to stir the pot at this point. You let her know your boundaries, which is great, now if she crosses them she can't claim she was unaware.  Its important not to disregard your feelings, you have just as much a right to feel the way you do as she does. Let us know how it goes, and take care of yourself in the mean time. Maybe go watch a movie, drop by a friend's or buy a new game to treat yourself tonight and take your mind off things for a little while.
The reason this is so shitty for you is because now you're in a really awkward and uncomfortable position where you feel like you're on the outside of your own relationship and need to compete with this guy for your girlfriends attention. You guys should feel like a team.

By disregarding your comfort, she has put her own needs above yours and is okay with you feeling left out and jealous. It looks like she has made no attempt to make this situation any better for you. Whether or not things escalate from this point, the trust is already a little damaged. And for what? 

The fact of the matter is, once she wanted to meet you were already in a lose lose situation. Either she respects your feelings and doesn't go and possibly feels resentful towards you or she goes anyway and completely disregards your feelings and you feel like the odd one out and totally suspicious. It's like this because your girlfriend truly wants to see him, and that's on her. If she didnt, she wouldn't have cared and would have been open to postponing or bring you along or calling instead or anything for that matter.

The other option would be if you truly didn't care, and let her do whatever she wanted despite your boundaries. Many people are like this, and despite common belief, it doesn't make your girlfriend trustworthy, it is only okay after you have a trustworthy girlfriend (and she proves it by being honest and authentic and you'll know). Plenty of guys are completely ignorant of their SO's activities under the impression of being progressive and get screwed for it. Likewise, many trust worthy girls out there earn the trust and it's not a problem.

Ultimately, you didn't do anything wrong so don't feel bad in the slightest, just keep your eyes open. Sorry that you're in this situation at all man.
Look up 'Borderline Personality Disorder' and see how many of the symptoms you relate to. 

From your post history I see a few signs but not enough to be sure. Be honest with yourself when you read it, it may really help you out to recognize why you feel the way you do if this is the case.

People with bpd feel a very unstable sense of self, need to feel wanted and needed, often go to others for connections while in a relationship, idolize their partners, seek chaos (you mentioned this in another thread), don't feel they relate well to others, don't understand why they feel the things they do or why they do what they do, and feel emotions very strongly. These are the signs I could see in your posts but there wasn't much to go off of so I could be totally wrong.
I'll go against the grain in this thread and say you have good reason to feel a bit sketched out by this. 

In general, reddit tends to go for 'take a step back and trust your partner' in these types of threads. However, they do a 180 and say you should have seen the signs if it goes awry from here.

Meeting with an ex (in person and alone) shouldn't be a top priority, and your partners comfort should be the more important of the two options. Why can't they talk on the phone or send an email like most people?

Trust your gut, but realize that you can't control anything but your own actions. If she goes anyway despite your discomfort, take note. Look especially vigilantly at her actions after that point. Actions always speak louder than words, she may tell you one thing but mean another with her behavior. Set boundaries and if she crosses them, leave the relationship.

You gotta look out for you friend, it could be nothing but it could also be the start of something bad. If you are vigilant and respect yourself, you will know what to do. And if it all turns out okay, great, no harm done.
Did you even read my reply? Also, your tone is totally hostile, man. I said it is not actually his fault but to *him* it would seem like it, and therefore to repeat the behavior after such an outcome is strange. If I kill my friends cat and my friend kills himself because that cat meant a lot to him, it wouldn't technically be my fault because I didn't make him kill himself. But I contributed to his death by worsening circumstances and therefore his mental condition.

To take no blame in this situation is unrealistic because killing a cat (i.e. sleeping with a good friends ex) is socially unacceptable and it did have a very real affect on the person. To continue killing friends cats after a friend consequently committed suicide shows a character deficit (in a world where killing cats doesn't already show such a thing anyways).

If you forgot to answer a phone call and the person killed themselves, you may feel guilty but you had no actual hand  technically or otherwise in their suicide because you acted socially acceptably and willfully caused them no mental or physical distress. It is in these situations in which your message of "no one can rightfully take any responsibility for another's suicide" is appropriate.

Tl;Dr: there can be responsibility in suicide even if the person didn't technically pull the trigger.
This is true, it is not actually his fault. But to him, his actions did have a direct consequence, and that was the death of a friend. To do that same behavior after such a horrific outcome speaks very poorly about his character.
Drove someone to suicide and did the same thing again. This guy sounds like a real winner. 

OP, you should tell your mutual friends about this and forget about this guy because he isn't your friend.
Try doing bombing/strafing runs with either of the jets, it's so much fun.

First you take out the SAM, then it's free reign.
I just assumed I wouldn't be able to tether his helicopter so I didn't even try. Oops.
Is it possible? Absolutely.

I feel it is more the exception than the rule however.

True m/f friendship doesn't cross these boundaries because there is no reason to. Those who are committed or uninterested will not spend copious amounts of time with someone they aren't interested in because it sends the wrong message to the other person and their significant other. 

Intimate activities aren't a cause for concern if the friendship has been around a long time and the activities are sporadic and rare. It's a cause for concern when the intimacy is at the level of or greater than the relationship with the significant other. 

That all being said, OPs bf has an unhealthy friendship because he ignores OPs feelings and crosses her boundaries after telling her he'd respect them. The girl has made no effort to reach out to OP, which a true friend would because a true friend has nothing to lose by helping their friends relationship. It's completely fishy.

P
And only a couple hundred hours to come even a little bit close to OP!
What are some good GMod maps you'd recommend?
Holy shit, that was the best fireworks show I've ever seen. I wonder how new those shells are that change color 2-4 times are, or how much they cost.
I liked the annotation with an actual fact.
That's a pretty bold assumption to make.
Haaaa....
What the fuck is wrong with that child's hands. 
Diabetes.
That old man had no problem with walking right in front of all the runners. He even looked over at the incoming runners before he started walking anyway. The only thing important to him was walking across the street and fuck everything else.

That's old people, no fucks left to give.
Thanks.
I'm thinking hearing the same joke every time you bring up your hobby would get pretty annoying.
I'm not sure this will be something that will be allowed in the future. Something tells me Golf event organizers aren't the biggest proponents of this sort of thing.
Arizona Tea Tree.
It's ironic that you're calling *him* melodramatic.
Massive solar storm
Recommending Octodad is cruel. 
He suggested that yes, but his wife is being polite by declining. It is his role at that point to insist and go. The replies in this thread are overwhelmingly in favor of 'standing with your wife and going to her family's' yet OP has ignored that idea completely so far in his replies. If it was truly an option to go to the wife's family's for Thanksgiving, he would have realized it by now and agreed or not posted this thread in the first place.
sleeping in your house =/= having thanksgiving dinner in your house
OP seems to be avoiding the idea of going with his wife. I feel like he really wants us to tell him it's okay to go alone.
Damn, I miss cartoons.
She's not gonna abort regardless if he takes the deal or not. That being said, you two probably aren't right for one another anyway.
That's one way, but a less confrontational way is to avoid holding eye contact for too long. This will send the message that you are flirtatious and fun but you aren't actually interested. Certainly don't reciprocate any overt advances or comments, and never talk about your significant other in a negative light. If a boundary is crossed, let them know through body language that it wasn't acceptable to you, and if they don't get the message than tell them verbally.

Edit: I am curious why it isn't an option to drop your significant others existence into a conversation. That is not a good sign if you are worried about telling someone about your boyfriend.
Time to have a talk about boundaries and possibly see a counselor.

It is worrying that your husband makes excuses for her and won't listen to you at the same time. Many men are flirtatious but the mature ones know how to enforce boundaries so that their playfulness never comes across as genuine interest. Your husband disregards your feelings and continues to speak (outside of necessary interactions at work at least) with this woman after she has disrespected you. The nick name thing would also annoy me a lot.


Making fun of children's appearances, nice past time guy. This child looks normal to me, clearly a bit awkward but most teens are.
It's the double standards that make this twice as sketchy to me. She flips out to the point of breaking up over a voice mail with a female voice but she's allowed to hang out one on one with her male friends? Meanwhile OP has no female friends which tells me she doesn't like him being around any other women and he alienated them to please her.

Either she is insanely fragile and unstable, or she is projecting massively from her own actions (whatever they may be).
You kind of already did though.
I don't know what your talking about, that sounds exactly like Eddie Murphy. 
I saved your post for when I decide to get a dog in 5-10 years. Those eyes are beautiful.
Yes please. God this would be amazing with like 10 teams of three people and monthly season of 16 Bo3 Games
That's perfect.
Disc*

Also in addition to littering and obnoxious drinking don't forget:

- Taking discs when the thrower is out of sight
- Being loud as fuck
- Breaking the park bench (happened twice at our course in the past two years)
- Writing in sharpie on the signposts, baskets and benches.
- Smoking weed in front of kids (away is fine imo)
- Hitting on girls who are just trying to play

Lol, I like Cuban a lot but in this gif he looks like a kid who got sent to his room.
Is this tongue-in-cheek? Why is this noteworthy? How did Ellen 'go there?'


What are the other two if you don't mind me asking?
I was hoping he'd put a crepe on top
The vaccine issue is fucking scary to me because it highlights the fact that it takes very little misinformation to mislead even an educated group of people. Vaccines are soundly scientifically proven safe and important, yet there's a huge resistance to them thanks to the work of one man.

If people will believe that, then other (possibly extremely important) issues are going to face a much higher degree of confusion when the answer is not so clear cut.
Perhaps mention of a higher power than yourself. That's how I've had non religious aa explained to me.
I thought these were all correct, including the arrow skyrim shit. 

I don't know what's real anymore.
That ad with the attempt at social media lingo was so cringeworthy.
One call, that's all

Fun ball, too small

Run tall, don't fall

Nun hall, thank Paul
I'm really glad my post resonated with you, please don't hesitate to send me a pm any time if you want to talk about it more. I'm going through the same thing and it's nice to know there are others out there who are in our position. 
I'm in the same situation. Just remember you do not owe her anything. I felt bad about it too until I realized that my own needs come first and she is putting her own needs above yours (yet again). 

Also, why wouldn't she just thank you in the text instead of telling you to talk to her so she can tell you?

This is very clearly an attempt to suck you back in. Listen to your gut and how good you've felt this week. That feeling will continue to grow over time, and you will realize feeling guilty about this is just another way she intentionally or unintentionally was manipulative.
I recently ordered a drink from the bar at a restaurant and told both the bartender I was sitting at a table and the server that I had an unpaid drink from the bar. Our server ended up waiving the price of the drink, which I thanked him profusely for because I've never gotten a drink on the house out of nowhere like that.

There definitely are honest people out there.
He may have saved his son dozens of times by incidental actions that changed the course of his sons life. There's no way of knowing how waking your son up early would lead to his death, and the probability is just the same if he woke him up late or early another day.

I hope he finds peace.
God level being Seinfeld?
The performance already suffers on ps4, no way would this game run well on a ps3.
dominus is love, dominus is life
Are you talking about that disturbing claymation TV show with the morphing masked man and his existential monologue?
I've seen a lot too and vomit is always the worst.
Beanie baby bubble burst.
The drunk mind speaks a sober heart.

People are focusing on the alcohol here, but alcohol doesn't make you say you want to fuck other guys out of nowhere. It lowers your inhibitions, and makes it so that expressing your lack of respect for your partner is acceptable whereas it would not be if you were sober. 

I think she is bad news personally, either she stops drinking entirely or OP gets out while he still can imo.
A good interviewer knows when to step in and when to let the interviewee continue to speak.

Another good example of interviewing that I recently saw was the interview between a league of legends host/caster and Dyrus (a famous player). He was going into retirement and was very emotional about letting his fans down. She managed to build him up and ask the right questions while he was crying, knew when to speak and when to let him speak, and when to end it gracefully. Considering how awkward it could have been, it was an amazing feat of professionalism for Sjokz. She was truly empathetic and brought out the best in that interview.
Usually children this young are repeating what they hear from their parents/teachers/surroundings. They understand the basic premise of what they are saying but not the more complex concepts.

For example, this child probably believes that the flowers and candles literally stop the violence through some means. That's why he is so happy to hear his father say that they protect him, because he thinks there will not be violence as long as the flowers are there.

Once he is older he can begin to grasp the deeper meaning.
Most things in this world aren't black and white, I wish more people would realize that.
People were seriously saying that when she was undefeated. 
Floyd makes his money during fights, so unless hes got some insane investment banking going on, no probably not.

Also, who cares, at the end of the day he's still Floyd Mayweather, I wouldn't want that for all the money in the world.
God, imagining how much force and power a crankshaft like that has going at 120 rpm blows my mind.
Damn, how did it wipe off with water, that's crazy. 

Your wife did a very good job fixing it.
Hope this works out in one way or another
You can be together without telling him just yet. There is nothing wrong with telling him, but he will not be able to help you process your emotions as well as a therapist can. It also might be too much for him to handle if you two are not at that point yet in your relationship.

My advice is to move ahead as normal, just write down your feelings every night and if you have a good friend or confidant, talk to them about it. If you truly feel it is right to tell Mike and he is ready for that conversation, then do it, but I would still recommend waiting until you can speak with a therapist first.
Those 8 students they surrounded left the building that night and pledged their lives to the BLM movement, undoubtedly deeply touched by the protest.
You should consider seeing a therapist, they can help you heal and you can open up to them without the fear of being judged (which you shouldn't have to worry about in the first place!)
like rhyme about hand guns
You won't believe how this comment is the perfect response about what we all know about Buzzfeed
Try not to filter yourself when you speak with your therapist. If something has been bothering you, tell them exactly what it is and don't be afraid to be vulnerable to them. 

Also treat yourself with compassion, there's a good chance you wouldn't speak to a good friend the way you do to yourself in your inner monologue, so why treat yourself that way? 

You will get out of this rut, trust me.

Please message me if you wanna talk or need more advice with therapy!
Numa numa
No, no it's not.
No, no it's not.
Right. Hearth Arena wouldn't be even close to what it is today without that ''80%' of unused code'.
True, although I actually do feel a bit bad for him to be honest. I explain why in another post in this thread.
I did not know that, how come they didn't use electronic systems earlier?
Because he's human and probably acting out of some deep insecurities and issues that surely aren't going to get any better with the scrutiny of an entire nation. I think his behavior was unacceptable and he deserves some backlash, but it always seems to get out of hand when you introduce the mob mentality/public shaming. 

He's just a clearly troubled person who is in for some intense days. That being said, he was warned multiple times and that guy and his girlfriend didn't nothing to warrant any of that abuse. He fully brought this upon himself, and now he's got to face the consequences of his actions. I feel bad that people like him exist because it's sad how they came to be that way and it's sad that they will most likely never change.
Christ, what an idiot. I'd feel bad for the social crucifixion he's about to receive, but holy fuck he was even warned multiple times. What a sad and empty person to act out and antagonize others like that.
Who carries 300 dollars with them these days anyway, debit/credit cards make carrying that much physical money a needless liability.
Lmao, I love how utilitarian your viewpoint is. Gotta have that efficiency.
Hmm, that might cover a couple of days of lunch.
That's a major thing I look for in a serious partner. Not being able to take constructive criticism is a huge problem that manifests itself in many places within a relationship. How can you communicate about serious relationship issues if you're offended the moment they are brought up?

My last girlfriend wasn't the best writer, and writing happens to be a strong suit of mine. Every time I'd attempt to help her correct a few errors she would blow me off or tell me to get off my high horse. She said that I thought I knew everything about writing and was getting off on being better than her at something. It got to the point where I just stopped bothering to help her.
"OhhhHHHhhHhhhhhhhhHhhh wahhhHhHhHhhhHhhh"
I've been on the other end of a BPD relationship. I've also been burned badly and have some issues thanks to it. I would not wish your ailment on anyone and I have a lot of respect for you for being aware and cognizant of it. However those who go untreated have a very good chance of being abusive to their partner, and whether or not they have the illness, that is not okay.
That or borderline. Definitely b-cluster.
I should have changed that uffking lock.
Great work. I do hope you were compensated well for your time and effort though. Taking a year off school to help your friend (even if you gain experience and material for your portfolio) should not be taken lightly.
Don't give them ideas 
Did you learn your wildlife conservation techniques from Super Mario Bros.?
Sounds like someones been playing the new fallout.
His roommate has no reason to lie though.
I just saw this one for the first time today looking through someone's old Facebook profile pics. That's such an odd coincidence.
Haha, you succeeded in making people angry with your replies. It was pretty convincing too, good job.
He's allowed to say whatever he wants, just like I'm allowed a rebuttal. 
I've got an exam to study for, I wish I hadn't seen this!
They offend my sensibility, I wish them to be banned.
Great explanation.
The insane part is that I'm sure this guy is so principled and virtuous that he would stop anyone trying to shut her up while she was verbally assaulting him to protect her freedom of speech. I hope she looks back on this video in a few decades and is ashamed of her behavior.
Thank you, it's an important distinction to make. Calling this behavior mental illness blurs the line of real mental illness with insufferable behavior. It does it a disservice to those with mental health problems.
Labron Jims
..jumanji
Wow, that was an obscure reference unless it got mentioned recently.

For the uninformed:

http://www.mnn.com/lifestyle/eco-tourism/stories/the-mystery-of-devils-kettle-falls
Putting it back in. You can't see for sure but the way she is picking up the money and moving her arm over suggests shes putting it back in the basket.
What did she say in her response to you?
I dont understand Valve's marketing strategy at all.
Technology.

The future.
Looks uneventful from our perspective, but they had to evacuate their homes and survive by perilously perching on the dead bodies of the ants underneath all while drops of water the size of houses fall on them. Metal as fuck.
Well, don't leave us hanging
Do you know that they are starving? You know that not every single human being in Africa is poor or starving right?
Claiming it was fake hurts her career way more.
ðŸŒ½
I'd be interested in dropping by occasionally. 
No shit this happened to me with a full blown fucking Charlie horse and it hurt so bad that I literally fucking groaned in pain and writhed around for 5 minutes straight. My girlfriend at the time thought it was hilarious and laughed the whole time while I suffered.  My calf was actually sore the next day.
It is, but there are a lot of people out there, and a lot of different kinds of people. You could meet your partner literally anywhere. The well trodden paths of online dating are going to bring specific kinds of girls that may be completely different from the type that you meet discussing a book at a coffeeshop. Just focus on yourself, your mind, your body, your passions, your career, your hobbies, and be kind to yourself and it will all fall into place.
Don't sell yourself short man.
Shits tough when it's so innocent between the two of you until she wants to sow her wild oats. Very very hard to come to terms with, and it kind of kills me inside
Damn, sounds like it was good you left when you did. 
Go no contact and start your healing journey. Do it tonight, right now. If you have to tell her something, tell her your blocking her so you can begin to heal. If she is a actually a good friend, she will understand and give you your space. If she is selfish about it at all, just forget about her. You aren't together so why accept that negative energy in your life? Block her for at least 3-5 months. The point is to move on.


It's time to move on now. There is no moving backwards, your relationship is sunk and obliterated so don't view it as a potential option because it is long gone and if you were to go back you would be emotionally crushed. Go do random fun shit you never would think of doing before. Meetup.com is a good resource for finding groups of people to do stuff with. Once you start making new experiences, you won't remember her as much and you'll stop caring so much about your memories or who's she's with.

If you wanna talk pm me, I'm going through the same shit right now
You dodged a bullet.
I don't play the game at all and I've already told several people never to buy a Payday game because of this. Therefore they are losing both my future business and my friends as well. You can ignore the community all you want but this is reaching outside the community and lots of people like myself care enough about the industry to stand against shit like this.
How did you make it?
What if this bug happened to be sentient and was overjoyed at the coincidence of being in a screen with a built in S.O.S so he carefully maneuvered his way over with the last of his energy and you just left him there to die.



How would that make you feel?
I think I like the original better.
A good alternative is triple crown or stubb's. Both avoid hfcs and have natural ingredients. They are also kind of expensive, but worth it in my opinion.
Telepathic communication is imbalanced.
It is going to do more than try.
Jerry, jerry, jerry!
5 minutes of pure helpless vertigo-inducing fun
lots of colorful lights and falling snow. I wanna feel cozy
my body is ready
That was uncalled for.
I love the color!
That's fascinating. It's amazing how the human mind develops from basic awareness to it's fully developed state capable of logical reasoning, empathy, deduction, subterfuge, imagination and formation of complex/abstract ideas. 

*Restrictions apply
There are also lots of great cities in America with lots of talent that aren't as big as NY/LA/SF but still have a great culture and business climate.
It's really well done, I'm just not a fan of that aesthetic.
It looks like a piece of framed decoration art you buy at Walmart for 5 dollars or the type of chain mail image that gets shared amongst nurses who smoke cigarettes.
Sorry aboot that.
Me too, after 5 years with a shitty laptop that took literally 15 minutes to boot and would shut down randomly if moved, I am so happy with my new rig.
There are cool adults of every race.
Fuck that, that's just gonna lead to the first half of the gif being an ad.
This movie is depressing to me for that very reason. Many, many Americans watch it and wish they were in the shoes of Jordan Belfort.
This video was great because all of these strangers from different walks of life and completely different perspectives all thought it was appropriate to verbally stand up for this poor woman when usually the bystander effect would leave everyone minding their own business.
Perfect example is that video where the Adobe CEO completely dodges the question about price differences in AUS vs the rest of the world by repeatedly bringing up creative cloud.
I logically knew Rick and Morty was based on back to the future but it's really apparent after watching this clip.
Your important message is obscured by your choice of vocabulary and length. Communicate based on your audience, not yourself. I appreciate the effort you put into this, and people need to know. Thanks for taking the time to write it.
You cannot build a pile of garbage like in the video in hours or even days.
Our God truly is a loving god.
You're a bit of a dick.
Christ, is there any integrity in this world anymore?
Normally I think trigger warnings are over-used but I think a trigger warning would absolutely be appropriate here.
Maybe they search a generic American name and go from there.
You are a poet.
She might be throwing it at her for the transaction, not as a tip, in which case that would really suck.
For every jilted coworker that opted out when their office won, there are millions out there that have opted out and not missed out on a god damn thing.
Who cares, it's the sentiment that counts.
It's official, I can no longer trust my eyes.
Just because you think it's funny doesn't mean it's going to make someone who wants to kill themselves feel better. Sure, some might find it funny but it could push others over the edge.
Is that a thing? 
Until there won't be.
No doubt. I think this doctor should be suspended for awhile and go through some anger-management training, but shouldn't lose his job. This patient was clearly a nuisance and  very aggravating to be around.
Reminds me of when I got pulled over and the police officer would not believe that I hadn't had anything to drink. My girlfriend and I had been arguing so I was already frazzled when he stopped us and then called for back-up (one of my headlights literally just blew). He was so smug about it too, as if he was catching me in some grand lie and he was gonna bust me when he breathalyzed me. I had not had a single drop to drink, but he breathalyzed me once, got a fucking .01 for a second then dropped to zero, so he literally said "I saw it come up .01, let me do it again." Once again it came up .00, and then he proceeded to assure me he smells alcohol, breathlyzes my girlfriend, accuses me of being on narcotics and asks if I have any liquor in the car. Meanwhile it's cold as fuck and I'm in my shorts and t-shirt outside shivering, and have to stand outside for 20 minutes while he interrogates me. They let us go, but right before leaving this asshole has the nerve to tell me to buy an air freshener for my car.

Some cops are just fucking awful.


It's doctor pepper isn't it.


Actually, some cities in the U.S. sell their treated sewage to farmers. So it may be people shit after all.
Sean Hannity is the polar opposite.
That hoodie is dope, I'd buy it
I was a voracious reader as a child and stopped during my teenage years. It's only now that I've started again, and there is so much valuable knowledge and ideas to be gleaned from reading. It's amazing.
I was hoping for a chain reaction.
It.

^^^sorryihadto
God, I hope Jeb isn't going to get the nomination.
I wonder if they will be under the sole leadership and discretion of the UN. If they still receive commands from China, I could see politics getting involved as to where they are stationed.
Good thought, sadly it's been posted before.
That's you from an alternate universe.
As an only child, it would have been pretty cool to have a sibling even with all the bullshit.
America's political landscape is evolving, and it's fascinating to watch.
My favorite insult is removing said person from my life so their toxicity doesn't affect me.
This situation is a powder keg, hopefully Europe as a whole can find ways to alleviate the pressure so everyone is happy.
As a side note, watching John Oliver's piece on the matter was very aggravating.
How about Death grips?
rip corporate sponsors 
Christ, your dog has better sitting posture than I do...
Your question is kind of ambiguous, but I'd say the scariest thing is the fact that we only have a set amount of time to experience everything life has to offer. Once it's over, that's it, no more chances, no more new experiences, your lifetime experience has been locked in and you go back to the unconcscious void. 
My cat's favorite past time is knocking as many fucking glasses of water over as she can get her little filthy paws on.  How that cat still lives with me, I don't know.
Netflix and chill... for one
Hm, I can't seem to figure out what he would gain from doing such a thing.
it was ilerminaty
That looks absolutely surreal.
Fascinating that she hasn't mentioned his name until now (if that's correct). It's an interesting strategy to avoid acknowledging an opponent as to not give them credibility. I think it's great that an underdog candidate has risen in popularity so greatly as to force a political elite to finally recognize them.
"Even the Republicans were praising me"

What the hell, is she nine years old?
It's nice to nice content creators get some compensation! (That isn't paid mods, haha)
iBoned.
Crossing my fingers our justice system prevails, but I'm not holding my breath.
Also more people listen to him since he's famous, so there's that.
I don't usually watch TV but I loved that show.
He looks damn civilized for being naked on the subway.
Nothing beats the great outdoors.
TIL tacitus was re-incarnated into Bob Ross.
Well, it was also interesting seeing a cast member from Black Mirror in something other than the show itself. This actor player Jonah on the third episode of the first season (the one with the memory implant.)
You can do that right now, just build a miniature room in a shoebox and live in it as long as you like.
What a buzz kill.

Just like when Eric Clapton found out his son died.
Maybe you should listen to your mother and repent for your ungodly sins before the holy rapture descends upon Earth.

Maybe it's Maybelline.
The second comment that restates the joke always gets the credit.
Might give you a headache.
It's hard to come to terms with, but some people may have a good grasp on who you are and still not like you. I struggle with the idea that someone may not like who I fundamentally am, but plenty of people do so it's alright in the end. I don't have to sell myself to people because the people who do like and respect me are people that I also like and respect. If they don't like me then why would I like them, we are clearly unfit to be friends.
I know it's a joke, but I swear reddit always comes up with the worst case scenario. If you lived your life assuming things like that, you'd lead a very paranoid and depressing existence.
Is there vehicle damage?
Wow. Well you fooled me.
Your average person, sure. These are some of the most powerful people on the planet, with many people around them ensuring they don't break the government's own rules.
You cannot be a secretary of state without being briefed on how to use technology safely. It is in the interest of the government to have technology proficient politicians as to protect information breaches and leaks. Either way, she's very intelligent and I'm sure she already knows on her own.
You are going to tell me with a straight face that you think Hillary Clinton doesn't know how to use email? She is in a position with access to some of the most sensitive information in the world, the government invented the internet, she got her grad degree from Yale, she's visited more countries than any other secretary of state, and has been in politics for 20 years, since social media and technology has revolutionized American culture. She knows the difference between private email and government email.
While I enjoy his show and agree with him on many issues, his smug demeanor and holier-than-thou attitude often rubs me the wrong way.  
This song would play every morning at the same time when I was a child and used a radio alarm to wake up. 
Thought the guy was crying and this was some sick form of execution. Was very glad to see that it wasn't.
Put bad news between two pieces of good news. This will lessen the impact and end the conversation on a positive note.

Try not to be critical, judgemental, or negative around people you don't know well (or at all). It makes you uninviting and sets a poor impression.

Judge people by the intentions as opposed to what they are literally saying. If they are barely hinting at ending the conversation, end it gracefully, if they want to continue they will stop you and continue.

If a group of people are facing each other and you join the conversation, watch their eye contact and body language. If they aren't interested, they won't look at you in the eye or they won't open the circle up for a third. At this point, you should leave.

Take social cues and pay heed to them quickly, people will notice and you'll be viewed as approachable and in-tune.





Wow, it's been at least five years since I've seen this. Reminds me of another [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gDsj5UZ_1bA) I thought was funny at the time.


[Here](http://imgur.com/a/kXjG9) is an album filled with the same pictures that are on the Voyager.
"mmm, let's settle down now, oh, now don't say that, alright easy now, oh my..."
The older gentleman shouldn't be driving with that sort of condition, and that woman shouldn't be living with that sort of attitude.
Amen to that. I fucking love watching strange social encounters. 
"Trust Fall" - youtube comment

Right? I was not expecting to side with the feminists, but he was so obnoxious and filmed these people with the sole purpose of ridiculing them. That woman answered his questions for 15 minutes before he started to cause a scene. Also the editing and movie clips were annoying and over-used.
It's interesting, but after hearing all the community ideas over the past few weeks, it seems pretty tame in comparison.
This might be the best accidental shot I've ever seen on this subreddit.
rebecca
Not cynical in the slightest, in fact I find the idea comforting because it reveals a lot about human nature.
Something I've come to learn on this earth is that there is always an agenda and there is no such thing as a free lunch.
Such a badass name. I love that movie.
I'd make a full legendary deck and feel like Santa. Sounds like a fun mode!
Those girls knew something was afoot.
it might fetch quite a few coins on the meme marketplace
it only got old because of repeats, which is sad because it was what was keeping me coming back every week and the mode had so much potential.
Nice detective work. The second face looks like Gilbert Godfried
"Everyone is miserable"

Speak for yourself.
Life is indeed silly. In my quest for meaning in my meaningless life I've found that it's worthwhile to view yourself as someone who is worth being choosy.

If someone doesn't like me, oh well, I don't like them either because they aren't the type of person that would get along with me. 

Dwelling on rejection and playing into other's power struggles is a waste of time.

Surround yourself with kind, honest and sincere people because you deserve to live a life free of toxicity and negativity.
Not to mention a bit of "I'm arrogant" and "I think I'm smarter than everybody else". I can't believe the irony of including those, it makes it read like satire.
Sure, he coined the term toxicity in the context of league of legends, but the idea has existed before in other contexts and under different names (negativity, hostility, unfriendliness, etc). No one is brainwashed by Lyte, and myself and many others don't miss people shit talking and being disrespectful and rude. There is no downside to banning people who aren't friendly and constructive players or at least neutral. The quality of the community has raised immensely since LoL took a stand against shitty players. Good riddance.
That's bullshit. Competitive league will be just fine without toxic players, the lcs isnt going away because some 15 year olds are mad they cant tell their team mates to get cancer. There's a difference between sportsman like banter and telling someone you wish they would get gunned down in the street. The only people bitching about League cracking down on toxicity are immature brats who are mad they can't talk shit anymore. 
There was a video posted recently of a dog attacking a horse relentlessly as the horse stomped the fucked out of it and threw it around. The dog fought to the death for no reason whatsoever. 
Refugees being turned away is a bit optimistic. I think there will be violence unfortunately.
I think it had a worm transfered from a human that got infected by a conman looking to steal someone's entire estate that found the larvae on a blue orchid that turned blue after being exposed to dead infected pigs thrown in the stream.
Reminds me of the movie Upstream Color.
15 million merits and the third episode with the memory implant were by far my favorites. I watch them every few months.
Spicy food. There's a machismo around it that I don't understand at all. It makes the food unpleasant and uncomfortable to eat and doesn't add anything to the flavor for me.
Fuck celery. That abomination of a vegetable ruins everything it's in.
You answered my internal question of what's a 'gummy' real fuckin' fast.
I would go as far as to say only Kolento can be considered Kolento.
Not sure they love it, it's just the only place to have enough people to buy cheap tickets to their shows consistently.
Toileteering intensifies
Sylvanas..
A terrible way to start and end their life most likely, unfortunately.
I am extremely jelly of that golden varian.
hey man I haven't gotten that far yet
Let the games (or lackthereof) begin!
Let the 1-2 legendary disappointment begin!
Actually, I think it is more likely that the cat was making a noise similar to 'no more' coincidentally and the handler just recognized the resemblance.
That was a pretty awesome video. Is there a particular reason they take care not to intentionally touch the animal? It would make sense that there would be a rule prohibiting touching the wildlife, but I'm not sure of the reasoning why.
The only people who love widgets more are economists.
"Yeah we are looking for something between 'spirit of communism' red and 'spilled defector blood' maroon."
You sure seem to know a thing about Vietnam.
I'm glad we have consumers like you around to advocate for stingier business practices.
I have met plenty of people who are very politically correct. The type of people who would defriend you on Facebook for having an opposing viewpoint. The type who will not allow non-PoC to partake in discussion, and will call anyone who tries a racist. I often bite my tongue around these people because they are quick to vilify others and aren't interested in actually talking about the issues. I choose not to go into it with some of these people because they are my friends and I value our friendship more than trying to voice an opinion.

In regards to your comment about comedians getting away with way more today, that is absolutely not true. Comedy has totally moved towards more PC friendly content (which is fine with me, seeing that I think racist jokes are rather tasteless and unoriginal). You just don't see the more racist stuff because it hasn't aged very well as our society progresses
Then your win rate from level 5 to legend would be 100%. 
If you are an honest person and legitimately only need a little money for gas to get home, almost everyone will be able to pick up on your sincerity and lend you a hand. Just offer to give your cellphone number so you can pay them back when you grab your wallet, though I'm sure most people will not accept payment.
What, is anub'arak not good enough for you?!
Nuff said
Ex Machina
I believe so.
Is that a thing? I definitely have noticed that the rare appears there most often.
They are completely different characters. Dr. Hannibal Lecter was a psychiatrist, so it's understandable he would be more verbose and grandoise.
Hey man, sorry this is all happening to you, you definitely do not deserve to have family members that are so vile and selfish. You seem like a good guy, and smart as well to take heed of others advice here.

That being said, I wanted to address something I've noticed throughout your post history. Why are you repeatedly replying to people who are clearly jealous of your wealth and success? I'm sure something about their vitriol is hitting a sore spot with you, so you feel the need to defend yourself, but you should know that you owe them no explanation. You are free to do with your money as you please, you earned it. I'm not wealthy myself, but I recognize that being envious and disliking others for what they have is petty and self-defeating.

Just my two cents, good luck and take care.
What a burgundy oxblood.
Hold-up or pick pocket?
I thought he looked like Tony Stoneham from UK Skins.
It's funny because I remember my friends all thinking treyarch was the worse developer of the two after CoD5 released following CoD4. 
IKEA has taught me all about lingonberries.
I had it at a restaurant recently for the first time. It was actually very good. 
It may actually be that.
Might see play in some face hunter decks as a last resort.
Do I get an achievement or trophy for reading the article?
Well, thanks for doing your job and try your best to ignore the strangers who are too weak to control their own emotions. They do not know any better.
What if you called in past the deadline and then forgot again?
I never thought I'd get to speak to the animators of Arthur, it's an honor to meet you. How has the last episode been coming along?
Goldshire footman is secretly Doodlebob.
Are you buzzfeed?
Because the state is situated next to one of the largest fresh water lakes in the world?
Yeah its a bit obnoxious and self-righteous to talk down to a person on a video like this. That being said, he was nicer than a lot of people who do this (who are a lot more dehumanizing and rude) and she fully deserved it if she's trying to be in a position where she is going to try to save lives.
I'm with you, I'm amazed someone who took their job that seriously would be fired.
DAE like to look down on others for talking about societal topics because they are too mainstream 
I'm excited for more cardbacks that are themed around classes so I can have a separate themed cardback for each deck.
Could this be a cardback that's meant for October/November? It has fall colors and the straw reminds me of hay rides and thanksgiving.
I'll be honest, I pretty much solely based on aesthetics.
Finally, that combo has fucked up the whole meta for months.
Makes me wonder how much of an impact positive interactions have on the infant's childhood, adolescence and adulthood. 
Well if he is a prophet, I know I will sure be disappointed.
Trahere for life!
You'd need to get a hold of blizzards AI mechanism so you can skip all the animations and such.
Culver's has pretty good ice cream/custard, although they are a little pricy.
Did you take a picture?
Fat boy slim is timeless, their tracks always put me in a good mood.
This video made me inexplicably angry. Why is he making so much noise.
Holy shit, he was also in Jurassic World and Law and Order. In my mind those were all separate actors.
I've heard it has to do with women not wishing to ruin their appearance in death. I'm sure that doesn't ring true for everyone, but I imagine it could be a factor.
Nowadays they probably sell selfie sticks.
God, I hope so.
Weak, I'm pretty sure I could heat the oceans myself if it only takes that much energy. 
I thought his set was a bit tough to watch at first, but he genuinely had me laughing after.
Defeats the original problem though.
As an Apache attack helicopter, I really enjoy th-brrRRRRTTTTTTT soisoisoisoisoisoisoisoi BRRRRTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
Did you come to 73% after deciding 74% was unreasonably high?
I don't know, I feel it is unhealthy to view yourself as a servant to those around you. You can strive to help people in anyway that you can, but not at the expense of your dignity.
Did you lose feeling? 
Hi.
Eh, what's the harm in being a bit pointed when you've been cheated on. She didn't take his feelings into account and inflicted 1000 times as much grief into his heart as he would by mentioning it, she can take a little reminder that her actions had consequences. That's just my 2 cents.
If you think the only basis to judge a rapper on is his lyricism, you clearly don't listen to very much hip-hop.

A rap artist can be judged on his production, ability to sit on a beat, how well he flows, his cadence, (sometimes) singing, beats, mixing, rhyme and word play, and yes, lyrical content.

There is a lot more to the world of hip-hop beyond Hopsin, Rick Ross, and Drake. I can recommend some artists if you, or anybody else, is interested in exploring the genre.
This is a good testament to the fact that communication fixes many issues that others (in this subreddit in particular) will deem relationship ending. 

I am extremely surprised how much awareness 'Kat' showed in her response. I expected the boyfriend to come around, but the whole family is totally unexpected. The OP handled the situation exceptionally well, and I was impressed that she continued to make such an effort even after being personally attacked.
This guy is a nut and shouldn't be killing himself and possibly others over this.

That being said, I do feel sorry for him, he didn't do his homework and now he is being exploited by people who have the backing of the entire government behind them. It's a fucked up situation, and the involved parties in the police should not be able to work anything near this case.
One word and he chose GoPro. That company receives endless promotion because their brand is pasted everywhere.
Hot air isn't very filling.
Ishygddt
Looking for music that has an emphasis on tight flows, good beats and lyricism. My current favorites are ILLFIGHTYOU, Mobb Deep, and Melanin 9. Any suggestions would be much appreciated!
There's plenty of money to be made in respecting your franchises and keeping them self-contained solid releases. Micro transactions makes more in the short term but sullies the franchise.
All the hours with the simulator paid off.
Victoria, so hot right now.
This ends here.
At least you're an honest whore.
Apparently he didn't have a title at reddit before this point, although he is technically a co-founder.
Commence the thinly veiled gold begging.
>The uproar didnâ€™t spur the move, which was a â€œmutual decision over a number of weeks,â€ Sam Altman, a Reddit board member, said in an interview.


*Riiiighhttt.*
I doubt the corporate culture will change with a new CEO, after all the co-founder thought the whole fiasco was a joke at first. It's interesting to see an Internet movement gain concrete results though.
Welcome to the modern age of information, where the truth is just as hard to find as it used to be.
Holy shit, it actually happened. Those useless online petitions apparently have some use after all.
Don't stay in their hotels. We went a few weeks ago and paid 300 dollars to stay in a dirty motel room. They bought out over 30 of the old motels on the dell's strip and painted them blue and white. The inside was nothing like the website, the TV was a cathode ray and didn't work, the headrest on the beds were just a printed image on the wallpaper, our legs itched in the morning but thankfully we didn't bring back bed bugs. There's more, but overall it was the worst experience I've ever had staying at a hotel and I regret spending the cash.
The workers are all foreign, they hardly know english.
I think bungie jumping is probably safer honestly.
Ironically he chides others for dodging the question, while managing to avoid answering the question himself. I'd like to think that his passion for an active community got the best of him.
What about those of us who have adhd and rely upon stimulants to function?
It looks like a subreddit that is solely inhabited by bots that scrape their respective subreddits for phrases and sentences from old submissions and content and post the amalgamation.

E.g. foodporn_ss posts a new submission that cannibalizes from several different titles in the foodporn subreddit. "First time trying" + "baking a cake" + "Nailed it!" And links to a random submission. Then the subreddit bots post replies that scrape from their respective subreddits. 

The result is a pretty damn funny parody of reddit and individual subreddit communities.
Are you doing any better these days? You seem like a good person.
It's getting too easy to bypass the mandatory parental skills test.
Have any insights about majoring in ITM for a current undergrad?
Well shit, my family doesn't have a history of Alzheimers and now I'm scared too.
Rummage sale!
>What is this? An image for ants!?

[bert is not pleased](http://imgur.com/jem2Kjh)
6 ft 8 weighs a fucking ton
Third times a charm.
This journalist should not have his job. Don't be a sports writer if you can't treat your subject matter (no matter what sport it is) with respect.
He should have kept it, it's way more interesting as is.
Same here! I'm really digging the idea of a structured book subreddit, especially revolving around betterment since that's what I'm interested in these days. I think the structure will be great in holding myself accountable and the discussion will ensure I make the most of the text. It's a commitment, but one I am really looking forward to.
I think it'll still look pretty good even as an amorphous prismatic blob.
Obviously he would have to be sincere about it, and if he was, it wouldn't be called insincere. Truth is, he won't approach it because he is doing just fine already and he probably doesn't feel bad about it. I'll keep avoiding Marky mark flicks, he will keep making them and the world will keep spinning.
Do you know how PR works? A statement like that will massively help his public image, even if it informs some people who didn't know before. No one is gonna think "oh what a racist asshole" they are gonna think "wow, what a good guy, he realizes he fucked up and wants to make things right". 

Instead he chooses to ignore it and in turn it makes myself and others think he is dishonest and shady. I personally haven't seen any of his movies since learning of this fact.