Yuuko looks like she has an extra chromosome
I'm such a sucker for that series. I think it's time for a rewatch of it.  
Me too. I have no desire to have children so being a vampire sounds perfect
Oh! Sorry I just assumed. 
Looks like he's been type casted 
Is this a tumbleweed home?
It looks like he is going to be type casted now though. 
How do we get these? I'm assuming they aren't in the play store
Wow so clever /s
Should I watch the original first?
No you
Wait! There's a movie?!?
As someone who just finished that I was deviated to find out there isn't any sign of a season 2
They have books 1-4 out right now and I've read them. Personally I like them alot more than the originals 
Yup! That's the same place!
That's the boulevard diner in Dundalk. I posted the same board and made it to the front page 
I think the actress that played Caroline got pregnant in real life so they had to find a way to write in a pregnant vampire. I still think it was really strange how they chose to do it and it made for a cringy relationship between Caroline and Alaric 
No they are a salty D6
The electrical contractor couldn't get it back out of the building so they cut it in half
Really? When I bought mine they had a crate of them and they were $130 USD each
Fangs are very cute x11 
Only because it's Emelia though
Welcome aboard!
What was the "incident"? I feel like I missed something
I kinda came from the other direction. KS first then DDLC
Yes
Wow you're actually pretty talented
I'm already a filthy casual when it comes to Anime
Ok thank you I'll check these out.

Alright guys, I first played through Katawa and now I finished DDLC. What's next? 
I could watch this all day
Did Kesha invent it?
Why are you getting downvoted? It's copper pipe not a cable 
I agree. Something that bothered me a little bit was they talked about how rare vervain was in the first season but that shit was everywhere in the series
Awesome! I'm going to order them now
I don't see girls tour on Crunchyroll but they have "is it wrong to pick up girls in a dungeon" which was a lot of fun
Because it makes a good story? It doesn't make sense to me either.  If I were a vampire I would compell someone to never take vervain I guess
I recently finished the show and haven't read the LN's yet. By any chance will they give me additional content?
What helps me move on from a sad ending like this is to watch a different style of love story. Usually I recommend Toradora because it's cute and fun. 
r/iamverysmart 
I guess I'm on board 
The front sight block was cut off the image
At least here you can select categories and my news feed isn't non stop "I'm a strong independent woman" quotes and baby pictures
Well Reddit is entirely different. Here I can actually see interesting things
I did over a two years ago and I don't miss it one bit
You should read the progressive light novels! It retells the story in more detail from floor to floor. 
Maybe an entirely different type of love story like Toradora 
Where do I get this?!?
Oh man I hope they are! That would make me so happy 
Bear with me because I honestly dont know, but why won't 4LeafStudios ever get back together and make a sequel or additional content?
Good bot
Arc’s 1 and 4 are ok I guess 
Forever
Has she read the novels? They are very very different from the show 
I would be afraid I was in it and accidentally hit the fold back up button...
I watched Madoka on Crunchyroll so I know it’s at least there
Yes it does
White Marsh By chance?
Reading is important
I watched it twice. Once subbed by myself and once dubbed with the wife. Cried like a baby both times 
Considering those boots she has on doesn't have a tread on them like the prints
I don't remember anything from the late 80's 
Shoes came off. Confirmed dead 
I have a new life goal to hear that in person now 
Account suicide? 
Well you can update your list because I'm a male from the United States but I'm 30 lol. 
I don't think he's a bad actor, I just think his character is poorly written.  Maybe If they gave him a wider range of emotions than sad and lonely after season 3 or so
How do you reject a recognition? It doesn't make the any less recognized by the us. 
Are you in basic training or going for a specialty?
They are still making a ton of books!
That's such a shame.  Hobby stores are rare in my area so I'm out of luck I guess 
Well I'll check out those two. Thank you!
Being an accountant is a good career choice and pays well. What other visual novels do you recommend?
Does games workshop still have stores in Sweden? All of the ones by me closed down and I haven't been able to play 
That's great! Emi was my favorite as well and there's nothing wrong with videogames
They can't all be perfect
Good choice.  Am an electrician by trade
It's cold here too. Mechanical or electrical?
Ah I've been upstate. It's nice and the women are built to survive the winter 
I was imperial guard, Cadian. For Warhammer fantasy I had dark elves, empire and dwarves. I miss that game 
Looked at my kingdom, I was finally there  to sit on my throne as the Prince of Bel-Air!
I heard about the game on r/anime I think. I haven't been able to get any of my friends to play yet 
Did you ever get into Warhammer? That was my obsession back in the day 
I'll start. I live in Baltimore Maryland and in the last year I've really made an effort to go to the gym consistently and have really impoved my health. 
I've never met anyone IRL who has played katawa. What are some of you guys like? What city/country do you guys live in?
I got the same one off of Amazon
Oh yeah! I forgot about that. Thank you!
I guess it's time for me to rewatch the series again
I'm not your buddy, pal!
So do you work at Microsoft now?
Phrasing! 
I have iOS. Me too please
That's what happened to me. It all started with the Emi minefield picture
Nah, his shoes didn't come off 
That's where I got mine
I got the same sticker off of Amazon
Progressive is even better! Only 4 of them out right now though 
If a water tap is present for refilling, why wouldn't you just use that In The first place?
Argo is one of my favorite characters after reading progressive
I'm lost too
What monster would report this?
Lol. How have I never seen that image before?
It's not really that interesting but I bought a Windows tablet yesterday specifically for playing Katawa Shoujo since I couldn't figure out how to play it on my iPad. 
How dare you like something I don't like! You literal Nazi! 
That's what it looked like to me....
Mine didn't agree with the beta but seems to be doing fine with the final release 
Definitely
Wrap it up! We're done here
It does make that time you do those things a nicer experience. I personally will spend extra money on something I interact with so many times a day.
Shame :(
That's really good. Has the artist made a similar picture of each of the girls?
I think you and I were the only people to notice this 
 remember when they first added touch ID and people were saying it was too unsecure and would never catch on.... I have a feeling the face ID will be the same way
I just figured banging her fixed his heart 
Let's see how that pans out for him
It's easy to fixate on one group of people that were there and say everyone was 
It's their message of violence against anyone they do not agree with
I would buy the shit out of that
Guess what children, communism doesn't work so get that bullshit off of your faces 
I have a concealed carry permit and I don't think it's overreach. 
Didn't you? They wouldn't show their permits to legally open carry....
They weren't illegally carrying though so probably not
They basically are a terrorist group
Bunch of cowards that are afraid to show their faces 
Isn't concealed carry and open carry different things though?

Edit:. I didn't realize that in this city a concealed carry permit also covered open carry. Either way they didn't produce any permits 
It's actually really good! Reki has only written 4 volumes so far though
This. I talk anime with the software team at work but I don't with the hardware team. 
It says on the packaging "2 hours of battery life" so for the amount of these I would need to charge my 3300mah battery even once I can charge it an unlimited amount of times with my solar kit.
Do you own a boat? Would think it's common sense to not go an excessive speed where you have little line of sight
I have a foldable solar kit and a portable charger in my emergency kit. Way more practical
I would pop it and see what 1985 smelled like 
Goddamnit. I just read this in-between a set. I'll stop now 
Thank you. I felt so alone for enjoying parts of SAO
Mom's spaghetti
Thank you just some guy!
I get to celebrate mine and my wife's 2nd anniversary this weekend
Happy birthday!
That's great!
Any word on volume 5 of progressive? I'm dying to read the next one 
I wasn't in a bad place when I first found katawa but I still loved every aspect of it
My venue 11 pro used to do this every other day or so. Eventually it just never turned back on again
I smiled and nodded....  then I realized it when she looked confused 
5 minutes ago I thought my gym crush smiled at me. Turns out some dude was on the machine behind me. FML....
That's nobody's business but the Turks
I always upvote for Rin
That's my favorite on the list
If it is I'm going to need some info on that for science
I dream of one day when people will be allowed to just like something without it turning into a bunch of PCMR guys reassuring each other while combing their necks 
Wouldn't be a Mac comment if someone wasn't salty 
I haven't seen that one yet! I'm going to look for it now 
That's it. I'm going back to playing Hello Kitty Island Adventure 

Edit: Thanks for the Gold whoever you are!
But that's an AK magazine....
That's fair lol
It's an anime called ReLife. I highly recommend 
I'm at the age (30) where the only way that could happen for me is the ReLife project 
Do you get to go to an awesome school?
Maryland here. We usually have about two weeks of Nice weather in between winter and summer. That's why I had to join a gym  
He's the hero we need 
Wouldn't that be a better reference if it were sheep? 

Disclosure: I have an iPhone 
Probably none 
Makes sense. I didn't read the regular LN's I'm reading progressive right now though 
Exactly. I have no idea what they think they are going to accomplish. 
About every other year. That's about long enough for it to be a noticeable upgrade 
A lifetime of entering usernames and passwords with only an Xbox controller 
Man. That's so obvious now. Why didn't I think of that 
I don't think they explained how it knew your hair style 
The older I get the more people like this annoy me
Lose colonies 
That's great! Counting calories worked for me keep it up!
Isn't the board attached to your ankle with a rope though?
I thought it was amazing and I cried like a baby as well but when I showed my wife she had no reaction whatsoever. 
Hopefully my neighbors that have been setting them off until 2:30 am for days won't be very safe 
It's an backwards ACOG I think
I have a 9.7" pro with the Smart Keyboard and it works fantastically for me. I also held onto my mini 2 solely as an e-reader because it's the perfect size for that. 
I know. I'm just giving it back lol
It's not for everyone. Stuck up people don't like it
I need me some Argo! 
I go every weekend too! Small world 
Yup. The boulevard diner in Dundalk 
Yup. In Maryland 
I would be huge if I ate there every day
I'm actually replaying through the Emi route right now. 
It's the boulevard diner and you really should check it out. 
Thank you. I like to think of it as a 50% success rate. Too bad I've already peaked 
It was in r/penmanshipporn about the handwriting at a diner by my house 
Nope
I made it to the front page of Reddit today. That was pretty sweet
But then we wouldn't be able to see it 3 times 
It's always fantastic there. I've been going for years and have never been disappointed 
The portions there are huge though.  It really isn't bad for eating out around here 
My wife gets it every time. She loves it!
Ocean city?
The boulevard diner in Dundalk. 
Cheery 
That's just the specials on the board....
lol sorry about that 
You're good man. I was kidding anyway.  I'm married and a decade older than her. She is stupid hot though 
Dude. Maryland is underrated. You can drive 2 hours east of Baltimore and be at the ocean or drive an hour and a half west and snowboard in the mountains. Not to mention the D.C. Nightlife 45 minutes south. 
Braille Fail
The boulevard diner. It's just in Dundalk about 5 miles or so from the city line 
Go to Maryland for vacation and destroy some seafood 
I haven't tried that yet but I love down the street and go regularly so i will soon 
Sorry. I already called dibs 
The Neptune Club. A club sandwich with a crabcake, shrimp salad and bacon 
It's the boulevard diner
The same girl writes it out every day and I'm always amazed how good it looks 
Amazing. It is in Baltimore 
Whut?
Good call on golden time! 
Hopping in on this because I want to know too. 
Yes. I've seen this so many times I'm surprised people don't know this 
A silent movie 
I'm a huge fan too but funny is funny 
Once the windows store stops being such  an app desert windows 10s will actually make a lot of sense 
I'm actually playing through this game right now. I highly recommend 
I haven't had any issues 
Back injury :/ finally starting to recover but my squat is weak AF at the moment 
It was the bench. My next goal is squats 
Got the arrested development reference 
Sorry. Didn't realize you had a Mac 
DVD decrypter. I followed this video:

https://youtu.be/S_6Ax2NQ7uQ
I managed to join the two plate club today for two reps. I'm really happy about it especially since I weigh 155lbs 
I personally used handbrake to turn some shows into .mp4 and then saved the files to my one drive account. I use the one drive app to steam the shows from there. 
The "L" in LR stands for Long. You must be thinking about a .22 short
Welding because making cool stuff 
Thank you. I'll give it a shot
So what is this Emi's couch to 5k? I've heard it referenced but I'm not sure what it is
Why thank you *blush*
That's perfectly acceptable most days 
My wife and I are closing on a new house next Thursday. I'm really excited 
I didn't necessarily prefer the bad ending but I definitely didn't get the feeling this was a relationship that was going to last
The Progressive Light Novels are actually really good. The author is going back and rewriting them. 
Mine was during the golden age of Toonami.  Tenchi Muyo, DBZ and Outlaw Star. 
Get out
Eris pads her chest!
That pretty much covers it
Well I took this one days ago...

https://m.imgur.com/gallery/yoQJv
I'm about 10lbs from my 2 plate day myself. Congrats Bro
I'm curious. What did you first think it meant?
They really don't. Fanboys of both sides love to argue about it for some reason though 
To me the surface will always be that table device they made years ago 
Watch your lie in April 
Is tenchu still a thing? I remember playing it on the original play station 
It's an "office space" reference 
I'd do two chicks at the same time
I recommend watching the movie "Canadian Bacon"  it was great
Not to mention Europe has already started two world wars when left alone. 
Good read!
I have the Logitech for my 12.9" and my only beef with it is the fact that it's not comfortable to flip around and use. The Smart Keyboard on my 9.7" is a lot easier to take on and off 
What kind of phone? That picture looks great 
Just waiting on the "I also do crossfit" 
Yaaasssss
A clear cloudless day-time sky is blue because molecules in the air scatter blue light from the sun more than they scatter red light. 
Yeah looks awesome. One day prosthetics will become awesome like Jets arm on cowboy bebop 
Asking the real questions lol. I would say those cool Kevlar ones that military vets get that look badass 
I called AT&T. They have a tower that isn't working by me so that's what my issue is 
You can do it! I have faith in you.  do it for Emi 
You can't out train your diet so it really is important. I use my fitness pal because it has the ability to scan barcodes and add the food for you 
Actually I am. I am making an effort to eat 150 grams of protein a day and lifting 6 days a week. Just about everyone I know has told me they can already see a big difference. As long as you stick with it I know you will do well 
Been going to the gym consistently for 2 months now. Going to give Emi some of the credit for motivation 
If it's an opinion how can it be ignorant?
Can't people just understand that some of us appreciate MacOS and are willing to fork out a few extra bucks for quality?
The only windows all in one that I think come close in build quality is the surface studio but it isn't any cheaper 
First time I saw the video it looked like the intersection of Boston street and Dundalk ave 
Fair enough 
Yeah. We have armed robbery too!
Or very stupid 
He was an armed robber not a mass shooter 
If someone was shooting at me you'd be damn sure I would be shooting back 
About a mile from my house. Nothing new for Baltimore 
I ordered one the day after I got my 3T and never realized they were hard to find after that
I'll be both of your friends 
I have one. It's amazing *maniacal laugh*
It's ok buddy. You're allowed to disagree 
Would you like it better if I worded it as "primarily used as a desktop os while IOS is only on Mobile? 
Maybe once UWP apps get better but I think the only thing the surface has over the iPad is the ability to run 32 bit programs. I have both windows 10 and an iPad so I know each has their strengths 
One runs a desktop OS and the other a Mobile OS. Both are good but have some different uses
I think that's apples fault for not specifying that it will suit "most" people's needs ie surfing the web, watching movies and some Microsoft office stuff. I actually use one at work with cellular for easy viewing and editing PDF's with the pencil 
^ this. Both have their place. Can't really compare the two 
I have an SE and my wife has a 6s Plus 
My wife and I are both having issues making calls on at&t. It started yesterday for us 
I keep hoping that xenonauts is actually 14 or 15 and his parents don't know he's on Reddit. 
I wish someone would port it to IOS so I can play it on my iPad. 
I love that a free game that was born out of 4 chan had such a positive impact on so many people. We'll never get anything else like it. 
Doesn't matter had sex
Lmao. I thought it was going to be a head pat not an awkward dicking. 
*Than 
Quarter reps for days
Get out 
I was doing squats today and accidentally farted in front of my gym crush. Looks like I'm looking for a new gym....
I think they will narrow it down to 2 models. The 9.7" regular iPad and the 10.5" iPad Pro. 
Bear with me but why would more ram make much of a difference? Doesn't ioS do a great job at ram management?
Your lie in April for some reason 
On the plus side, I do get hit on a lot more now which does make me feel better. 
Did the same thing. Now my wife just bitches that I'm in a lot better shape than her while she eats everything in sight. 
I can't believe you done this 
Remember it's a harem, so make it 9 of her and you share a bathroom. 
That still wouldn't work. Place one girl and two guys in that graph
Love human centipedes? 
Emotionally weak main characters that everyone falls in love with anyway. 
That's always bothered me too!  Perhaps love tangent lines?
Anyone who enjoys Harem anime has obviously never had a female roommate. 
Lol. You're such an angry little person. You might want to chill out a little bit before you give yourself a stroke.  God bless 
As an electrical engineer I'm sure I have a better education than you. I'm just trying to see how many stupid things I can get you to say in this thread. 
Actually I'm pretty entertained at your delusional way of thinking. Please tell me more about how everyone that doesn't agree with you is Nazi's. 
Dude. You need help
Why would I bother? You seem so level headed and able to have an intelligent conversation /s 
That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard 
And what show might this be then?
Should I be concerned that I actually enjoyed it? 
Argo is one of my favorites too!  I can't wait for the next progressive LN
I'm picturing an anime version of him that can only say Liam
How will you sleep at night knowing your top comment ever will be about having sex with a hillbilly in a romper? I'm guessing just fine 
Last time this was posted everyone fought for a while wether it was a power lineman or a telephone lineman. It's a telephone lineman http://originalsite.stephentowngenealogy.com/rockwellconnection.html
Any word when the next progressive LN will come out? I'm dying over here 
Love it. Thank you
"you know that's bad for the paper tray"
 I'm never finished with this series. I just start watching it over
What's a meem?
Looks like I found a new wallpaper :)
I just can't get into Eromanga-sensei. I feel so uncomfortable watching it
Ah. I've never been there so I didn't realize. Thanks for the heads up
Why would you get banned for saying KissManga? Is it a bad site or something?
Ok so I'm going to admit that I'm new to this sub and have no idea who either of these two are....
Back in the good old days of polio
Sorry bud but it's just phone cable
Actually telephone lineman 
Actually telephone lineman 
Seriously. It's just phone cable. Source did line work at APG for gill-simpson for 5 years
Looks like phone line to me. Probably 500 pair cable
The reds probably fire alarm right?
I need to find a way to make this an animated wallpaper for my phone 
My GPU stopped working but said all the drivers were up to date. After I reverted back it works fine 
I'll take awesome ways to die for 500 please 
Katawa Shoujo 
That was a decent show but the ending was really rushed 
The progressive LN's are really good too. I'm reading them currently
Lol great work!
I didn't pay attention to Reddit for a day and I have no idea what any of this is. 
Has it been out that long? I just finally watched it
Yes
Neither seen nor heard 
I want in on that.  I can think of worse ways to spend a Saturday 
Obligatory "I did nazi that coming" comment 
Golden time and your lie in April!
Thanks for doing the Lords work every day
So cute. 
Damn I really hoped that was a thing
No but OP's mom is
Emi was my favorite. Lily a close second 
It's such a beautiful show. I watched it once subbed for the original VA's and then once dubbed so I could pay closer attention to the artwork. Both times I was crying like a baby 
Yeah. I haven't tried asking the wife if I can buy these yet.....
Like the username. Dedication
Seriously though. Michael j fox shakes harder than the 3T
Someone doesn't have a sense of humor. Besides it's hard to objectify a fictional character 
I call dibs 
That's so cool! I didn't know you could order a physical copy. I'm going to get one 
What is it? I want one 
Only the ipod classic uses a spinning hard drive, and that's been the case for the last 5 years at least. AFAIK no phone has ever had a mechanical hard drive in it (because it would be too bulky).
Humble brag on Reddit 
I'm so envious of your talent. Good job! 
I'm enjoying masumune-kun's revenge 
Lol what
Thank you
That's actually an adorable picture 
The graphics are dated at this point but it has a fantastic storyline and it's still fun to play.  
Would she sew him a pad to put down there?
I'm down 
Upvote for the Gothic 2
I haven't been able to pick up another Visual Novel after KS because I doubt I'll be able to find another one that compares.  The personal effect on me was it showed me that I need to stop trying to rush through life  and spend more time focusing on my personal relationships. 
Half the people I work with graduated from there. That's why I understood your username 
Did you study poetry at UMD?
Ami wouldn't have run off for a while
There are Dozens of us!
Married here. Can confirm 
I'm glad I'm not alone in this. Katawa showed me that I have been spending way too much time working (60 - 70 hours a week) and not spending enough time working and focusing on my real life relationships. I also wish I could redo high school and I really enjoyed the show "re life" because that's exactly what I want to do
I'm assuming since a decent percentage of residents in Maryland have immigrated from Mexico they are making it mandatory to have accident coverage in Mexico. 
Just got our insurance paperwork and noticed that right away 
The U.S.
Accurate 
She's probably just doing the same thing to him
Honestly that's what I've been suspecting since she showed up. It's too perfect to not be the end of the show 
That's a teepee not a yurt...
I had that problem today when I was home and my pesky boss kept trying to call me. I'll let you know when I find out
Is any sub safe from politics these days? 
Megumin!
Not available in the US unfortunately :(
Me too my friend 
This will be available on PC right?
Took me like 2 weeks over the Christmas holidays! I got so into it I couldn't stop playing
The one plus dash car charger works great!
I wish they would have done a story line with her 
I guess we have the same taste in fictional women!
 2nd is Emi. Worst girl is Rin
I was hoping this was a visual novel for PC like Katawa Shoujo. 
What game is this? 
Hopping back and forth between iOS and Android sucks. 
I'm sure this is a dumb question but does it only work on MacOS? I have to use Windows 7 for work :( 
I prefer the old outfit better 
I went from the SE to the 3T as well. I love everything about the new phone I just sometimes find myself missing iOS. That's probably just because I spent years with one operating system and learning another is always a challenge
Yeah seriously. Michael J Fox shakes harder than this phone 
I support the call to have REM under best girl
REM is love 
The people voted for him to pay alemony? 
Hard to tell them apart from the hipsters in Baltimore
Found all the vegetarians 
I'll have one crack please 
I don't believe that you do
I wish this was the first time I've seen it
The one plus 3T is nicer than the iPhone 6 plus I came from. Plus it was only $439
But people need something to complain about.
You both sound like a couple of neckbeards arguing. 
I freaking love my 3T
I'm so tired of the rest of the world complaining about the US. Personally I think we should just pull all foreign aid and let the rest of the world fend for themselves and see how they like it. What a bunch of ungrateful twats. 
"So much to do 
So much to see 
So what's wrong with taking it in the back seat?"

You're right. Not just Iraq and Syria. Today's attack at OSU was from a Somali refugee.  Still noticing a trend though 
Was he yelling Alan Snackbar? 
He said he wanted to temporarily ban the Muslim refugees from Iraq and Syria. His reasoning is that it's been proved thanks to events in France and Belgium that some ISIS fighters have been posing as refugees and committing terrorist attacks. I'm not saying it's right to ban people of one religion, but I would ban all people from those two countries as well until we have a way to properly vet those refugees. 
I went with the essentials bundle on their website. It has the tempered screen protector and I picked the sandstone case because it is textured and should be easier to hold onto 
I got the one that comes with the "essentials" kit on their website. Also I picked the sandstone case because it's textured and looks easier to hold onto. 


Yup. Apple user 2 has a company phone plan so I have to pay out of pocket if I want a different phone than an iPhone. Much happier about the $500 price point and the fact that the 3t is almost stock android. 
I'm sure of it. I was able to get the phone, tempered glass screen protector, case, extra cable and car charger all for just under $500 USD. 
I'm really excited. Now I just have to wait. According to the tracking info my phone is still in Shenzhen China
I'm in the same boat. Just purchased a One Plus 3T and I'm looking forward to giving android a shot. 
They upgrade us every 18 months so I still have a year left until I get the 7 (probably an 8 by then). I've had iPhones for a long time and I've wanted to give android a shot so I'm planning on spending  $400-$500 on an unlocked phone to use for a while and see what OS I liked better. 
 I'm on a company plan so whatever I get I'm paying for out of pocket. They only provide iPhones
I'm making the switch from iPhone to android in a couple of weeks and I can't make up my mind between the 3T and the nexus 6P. I really love the display and Audio quality on the 6P but the 3T is a little more updated. What do you guys think?
I think my testicles just shot back up inside my body 
No. I'm being Chandler obviously 
My wallet's too small for my fifties AND MY DIAMOND SHOES ARE TOO TIGHT.
"Mildly Interesting" would be an overstatement 
It's been months for me and it's amazing. 
Only thing I can think of is games requiring more VRAM. Maybe they will be able to port over classic PS1 or PS2 games one day 
I dunno. Maybe future proofing?
Apparently people will whine whatever they do
As someone who has always bought flagship phones I am having a hard time seeing $439 USD as "overpriced". I mean it's a good deal for a phone running the latest processor, updating to the latest OS and a large battery. 
Thank you! As long as I get to see a real ending I'll be happy 
ReLife
I love that show. When are we getting season 2?!?
I love the heavy warhammer 40k influence 
And my Axe
Username checks out 
But then you'd have to live in Oklahoma 
That I'm really pissed that my wife gained 40 lbs in our first year of marriage. She's not even trying anymore 
I'll read on my iPad mini because it's the perfect size. I don't like to read books on my iPad Pro 
Because going black face is racist 
Her husband Bills cigar case
So a battery from 2009 exploded? I guess 7 years isn't bad. Better than the 7 days you would get with the note 7
What model is that? 
Only 2015's kids will remember 
"Privilege-top" come on. You can do better than that. 
Yeah I was just reading into it further and it looks like a lithium ion battery's lose a little bit of life each time you charge them. 

Source: https://www.google.com/amp/gizmodo.com/scientists-solved-the-mystery-of-why-rechargeable-batte-1583247838/amp?client=safari
I imagine leaving it plugged in all day at work and all night might be bad for it like with a laptop:

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.wired.com/2013/09/laptop-battery/amp/?client=safari
No. I plug mine in all night and I'm still at 100% but my phones only 2 months old. I wish I could test my old one now 
Do you leave it plugged in all day by chance?
That's amazing 
Adulthood. If I could I would go back
Totally 
Can confirm. Also American 
Спасибо, в любом случае
What's your best source for shows? I currently use Crunchyroll and Netflix. 
You're right. Any week now she should come around. 
I got so excited I showed my wife and she just sat there all stone faced. 
I really liked SAO. I was really surprised after I watched it and I found out so many people hated it. 
That's my porn name not my band name
What happens when your in your car and your phone is in a holder? How do you use your fingerprint scanner then?
On my iPad mini I have Microsoft office, Netflix, Nook (Barnes and nobles Ebooks) and a couple of games 
Btw, if you look at the muzzle brakes that's clearly 3 AK-74's (5.45x39) and one possibly 2 RPK's. 
My gym only costs $10 a month. Just skip the McDonald's for a day