Chicken wings!

1) make a dry spice mix of three parts baking powder to one part salt plus any additional seasonings (I use paprika, garlic, and black pepper)

2) Toss the wings into it and give them a thorough coating

3) Bake on an elevated rack for about 50-60 minutes at 425, flipping a couple times

4) Let rest for a couple minutes, then lightly coat in a sauce of your choice.
That's exactly how some are painting him. He's not a criminal who tried to skirt regulations. 

>He's a poor, poor victim of the dirty Obama administration! He was forced to take a fall over a freak accident! He's innocent and being victimized over matters entirely beyond his control!

You get the idea. 
It wouldn't be a divergence from them ultimately doing what they said they'd never do, but didn't they say they were never adding auto-progressing combos in PvE? I'd honestly love it if they did that for the melee chain alone just for the sake of freeing up some space on my hotbar, but I'm not getting my hopes up. 
Hell, not just city voters. Conservatives on the same state as a large, liberal city are effectively silenced. Someone from Saint Lawrence County in NY could be a republican, but is disenfranchised because their vote gets drowned out by the left-leaning populace of NYC. Rural communities with conservative populations in states that are considered solid blue get the rawest deal of 'em all.

I just wish I could push that idea through my conservative father who lives in a rural area that the EC is screwing him and his friends for the sake of empowering low-population areas. 
Hence the "almost" 
I mean, if he dropped the shake too it'd almost be keto?
And 590 while he's at it. 
Maybe. That's still not a sure thing. Enthusiasm could wane for complacency, and then a wave turns into a weak splash and it's two more years of chaos and corruption. 
I'm inclined to agree. Unfortunately, the folks in the money think it's more equitable to build bunkers and remote shelters to ride out the economic collapse than move towards UBI. 
The Derp State, more like. 
I think they were aiming for Kaya to be the replacement orzhov walker. Given her status on Ravnica and the inevitable return to it, she'll probably get involved with them then. 
Right? It seems weird. "Gain R" would make more sense if it had to be anything else.
From another thread, it is only for $20 and above. The only thing that'll have any sort of increase in availability will be the pins if they get enough new and upgraded donors.

So I guess that's a firm "no."
I'll throw this here, but I also made a thread in case this goes unanswered.

I already pledged an amount I can afford on a monthly basis and am indulging in the tons of bonus content as I make dinner every night, but I'm curious about the availability of some of the other bonuses.

The family cookbook is something I'm incredibly interested in, but $20 a month is just not sustainable for me. I also don't want to pledge the $20, then immediately downgrade after getting the book because it feels disingenuous. 

If the purpose of it is to solely be a bonus for the folks who donate at the $20 or above levels, that's understandable, but I would absolutely buy it for a flat cost (not $240, mind you) off the store if it ever became available.

To end this in a question, will some of the bonuses be available through other means? Are "one time" donations acceptable, or would that be inappropriate?


Maybe in the area by the church and Agave/Subway? I haven't been there recently so I don't know how far along or filled out that area is now, but some construction was happening there. 
Repost from yesterday. 

I filed my taxes independently for the first time this year and discovered that after a pile of power transfer requests, many headache-inducing phone calls, and a chat with a CPA later, I found myself with a few shares of IBM that were in some weird custodial account from four home addresses ago. Looking at IBM in the news and at its performance over the past few years (or days for that matter.), I get the feeling that these "newfound" assets could be put to better use elsewhere. 

I suppose the short question is "what should I do with this?" I don't need to be a financial guru to see that the markets have been a bit volatile of late and that the stock has lost a bit of value, but should I liquidate it all now and find a better way to invest it? Should I wait and see if things rebound before liquidating? Should I just let it sit there and monitor it now that I know it exists?

To answer some of the questions in the OP, I'm in my mid 20s, am employed with a wage healthy enough to stay in the black unassisted, am a new-ish homeowner, and have no significant debt outside of student loans and aforementioned home. I suppose my goal is short term preservation of these "new" assets given the current market instability. While the appeal of getting that cash now to do some home improvement would be nice, I gotta stop thinking only a few months at a time financially speaking. 

Thanks in advance if anyone reads this and answers. 


It's all about effective damage over time versus the resources spent to apply that damage. For the sake of simplicity, I'm going to call the precast, cast, and aftercast in its entirety "cast time."

As a hypothetical, think about a skill that does 10k damage every 2 seconds with a 2 second cast time. That averages out to an effective 5k damage per second of cast time. Think of this like your fully-buffed autoattack. 

Now you've got another skill that deals 4k damage with a 0.5 second cast time. This may do less damage than your autoattack example, but it does 8k damage per second of cast time. Therefore, as long as you're not interrupting your autoattack, it's more damage-efficient. 

Now add a third skill that deals 12k damage, but has a 3 second cast time. Sure, it hits harder than the other two, but you're using 3 seconds of time that you could have spent on other skills, resulting in 4k damage per second of cast time. It's less efficient than the other two for the time spent to use it. 

If that same skill had a weird 2.25 second cast time though, it would be 5.3k damage per second of cast time. That's better than your autoattack, but not as good as the second attack. You'd want to use this on cooldown, but only if you're not interrupting your autoattack AND you can't use the second skill for some reason or another. 

That's just be basics though. The next step comes with knowing what animations you can interrupt versus what you can't, adding in elements like endurance spent, initiative, adrenaline, life force, celestial energy, heat, etc. 
Mind sharing that crackerey goodness with us all? I could use more crunch in my life. 
My recent re-listen was filled with the story of the 50-year board shorts, but boy do I remember the days of Reef Systems Inc. with fondness. 
Inb4 some whataboutism with Fusion GPS. I'd put money on it. 
As someone who's played both for years, I so have to admit that playing GW2 has improved my ability to play with effects up on FFXIV and not die to the absolutely ludicrous effects that game has. 
Nobody in-universe is really a fan of him. Olivia Voldaren even found him stuck in the wall and just went "Well that bites. Guess I'm the best vampire on Innistrad now. Later, sucker."

Edit- better joke 
For real. Like, I understand her motives and (while I'm not entirely sure this is the correct word) sympathize with her desire for revenge, but that doesn't stop what she did from being inarguably evil. 

It is, however, what makes her a compelling antagonist. She isn't ObNix or Nicki-B levels of evil for evil's sake. She's acting in presumed vengeance for what Sorin did to her plane. Lord only knows what's next with her too. It's what makes her one of the more interesting "villains" they've got in their stable. She did some heinous shit, but is she entirely comic book evil? What will she do now that she's fucked up Innistrad in revenge for fucking up Zendikar? Will she reform herself? Is she really just fucking batshit crazy and eternally on a revenge spree? We just don't know. 

This poll kinda cheapens that. 
The ol' Santorum "it's a coffee app, isn't it?" 
I'd prefer an OP Freya over an underpowered Freya who will never be used. 
~~Okay. This is probably going to sound a little cold given the proximity to the event, but what next? Is there going to be a special election to fill her seat? Are we just waiting until November and having an interim representative?~~

This really bums me out and I'm processing it by thinking about how to move forward. Good to know the process and whatnot. 
The man in the oval office literally admitted that he'd commit sexual assault because he's rich and yet he's in the oval office. They won't care unless the money goes away. 
I know a few folks in Slovenia and they're wondering why the hell anyone would want to be in the US, so that option doesn't seem so bad? 
In fairness, the movie version didn't do him many favors. 
Part 3 of Life and Death is brutal. I'm re-listening for the first time in a while, and I had to stop for the day in that to listen to something positive and uplifting. 
Long live the king of resourcefulness. 
It was already Pi Day in the UK 
D-trip said the same thing about Lamb like 10 minutes before that statement. It's just posturing. 
I asked about this when I was applying to consolidate and refinance my current loans (which include a parent plus loan. Do you know what a fucking nightmare those things are to deal with?). The reason why is because things like car loans and mortgages are collateralized with the car or house. If you default on your student loans, what are they gonna do? Repo your degree? You still learned the shit. Therefore, they negate this risk of losing money with a higher interest rate. 
Bad Dragon has funded less ethical things in the past. They'd probably be down.

If you haven't googled Bad Dragon yet, do yourself a favor and don't. 
Tried stormblood and am up to date on the MSQ. Frankly, my dislike of her character started with the end of 3.X. I feel that they made a disservice to her character at the end of it all, and turned me off to her through all of stormblood. She's the least interesting of the scions and with the "twist" and I'm thankful that they're adding other members of the cast to FFOO. 
Yes I have, and I felt utterly unphased by what happened in stormblood. The stuff in 3.X had the potential to be interesting, but I feel like they took her in the least inspired direction possible.
Funny enough, the characters from FFXIV (Y'shtola and Yda as far as GL is concerned.) have better characterization in this mobile title than they so in their native title. Especially so for Yda. The story in FFOO made me appreciate her more than the entirety of FFXIV thus far.

I'll be interested to see what the future characters (Papalymo, Thancred, and Alisae) are portrayed like in FFOO since they've got a bit more substance to them than the current GL reps for FFXIV. If anything else, I hope it'll bring more light to characters from a game a lot of FF fans write off ~~except Yda.~~
You underestimate the power of a functional player housing system in a game and what it can do to help/hurt a game's reputation.

Edit: 

Just look at FFXIV. I haven't paid attention to it because I'm on a full server (meaning housing is impossible to get), but it's a *huge* content space for some PvE players. It allows player expression, currency sinks for buying decorations, material sinks for crafting decorations, etc. It is, however limited to the availability of apartments, plots, and wards. The lack of availability is a point of contention within the communities on high-pop servers, but that's a mild blemish on an otherwise interesting system. 

GW2's existing decoration system is near-functionally identical, but it lacks elements like partitions, doors, functional furniture, etc. It also lacks personal spaces that you can *really* customize. If player housing was added to the game with these features, that same design space could open up GW2 in ways that guild halls currently don't allow. It may also have the benefit of not being as restricted by capacity as another game's system, and that could be a *powerful* thing to promote.
It's vetted by ANet and reviewed to make sure it isn't violating the TOS. Barring day-and-date updates and development assistance, I can't see how they could support it more than they are now.
If I had to guess, they didn't implement build templates officially because it wouldn't have full functionality with legendaries and stat swapping. If they released templates without this functionality, the thermonuclear rage about ANet's presumed incompetence for releasing an unfinished feature would consume the forums and subreddit. Y'all have gotten saltier than Lot's wife for less. 

Arc's developer said the way they figured it out stat swapping was lucky and is tenuous. Even if ANet gets in touch with him to get the methods he used (and the two do work together to make sure Arc doesn't violate the TOS so I don't think this is beyond the realm of possibility) it may be a while longer for them to make a less-shaky system.

All the same, now that the last bit of functionality has been puzzled out, I'd say it's only a matter of time. 
It's what Dark Mind is for! 
How do you get these things aside from the free ones?
I thought you meant Limbaugh at first. The rock band totally makes more sense. 
Am I reading that right? He thinks an upstate candidate won't be able to properly represent upstate regions? If that's what he's saying, what substance is he abusing and where can I find some? 
Build (from video description): http://en.gw2skills.net/editor/?vlAQNAscmnXNuNSqJ7JR/kVlsgyrS4QZWJYrcskFNFqdABoBsj5MvxegJshA-jhRBABAcqAoU9HzUCin+iHeiAXt/o8LAwBw5Nv5nn5nnzP/8zP/8u+8zP/8zP/8zP/8SBExYA-e
Have they said anything about latency on this network system? Sure, it may be better than nothing, but if it's got a high amount of latency, it may not be so useful for certain segments of the population. 
Of course not! Bis don't exist!

/s
Most of the time, people who make posts like this to Maro are on burner accounts and are doing so to get a rise out of the community. He answers them and they get their rocks off to the anger and confusion. 
Number 1 is going to be the one we're hearing about the most if I had to guess. They'll point to it still being possible that the Russians did this independently from the campaign and that there is no connection to these two things whatsoever.

I suppose only time will tell if that actually is the case.
Generational warfare is a hell of a drug. 
And the sad thing is that the difference between some of these "military rifles" and a hunting rifle are cosmetic, so focusing on the does next to nothing on controlling firearms capable of doing equal amounts of harm. They may not have a shroud or are black and metallic, but they chamber the same rounds, have magazines of the same capacities, and have the same rates of fire.

I'm going to throw this out here too. Some people use this statement as a straw man for why gun control doesn't work. That's not why I'm saying it, because boy do I ever fucking want these shootings to be a thing of the past. I'm saying it because the "military/assault rifle" stipulation is ignorance at best, and a wink-and-fingers-crossed message of gun control to the public, but lets lobbyists and manufacturers do business as usual. Put the same mechanics into a folksy wooden stock, say it's for sportsmen, and carry on with the profiteering.

The actions that need to be more far-reaching than mincing words with "military" styled weapons and features. Finding what they can do that is *enforceable* and *effective* is a challenge that requires inspecting what other countries do and have success with, but our leaders sure as fuck aren't doing that. 
Seltzer of any sort is an acquired taste. 

As far as they go, Lacroix is certainly seltzer. That's about the sum of my feelings on it. 
/uj 

He does a great service to the community with his product reviews, but I find his "humor" when it comes to providing critiques of the IP itself to be irksome at best.

That being said, I realize I am likely alone on my loathing of when content creators lean into the community hatejerk and spread misinformation. It feels like they (the creators) are fueling the fires of cynicism for the sake of clicks, which rarely offers actionable criticism and only serves to deepen the rifts in the community and drive people away from it.

I'd go into detail, but it's difficult to put to words and even more difficult to defend as it is based on personal emotions and perceptions. I'd rather enjoy something alone than try to stay positive while surrounded by negativity. 
You can totally do well. It's just people not understanding what the word "viable" means or being hyperbolic. Doubly so when people hold striking dummy DPS to actual encounter DPS. In terms of casual clearing, it's not optimal, but still playable. In terms of hardcore prog and speed kills, it's not viable. 

That said, you've got some dead traits if you're not the banner-maker, and if you are the banner-maker, you don't have the extra power and precision from the signets, which lowers your DPS.

So, again, it's probably okay for casual clears (and I fully acknowledging that there are more optimal compositional choices that can be made), but that 32k number is unrealistic, and this build will likely be on the fringes of acceptability. 
At least DA has the decency to apply instantly and without a weird windup animation that almost always puts the barrier up after damage has been applied. 
I didn't realize how bad it was until I boosted warrior and messed around with it.

Look at Shadow Wall (30%, 10s duration, 180s CD). 

Now look at Vengeance (30%, 15s duration, damage reflection, 120s CD)

Is there some sort of arcane balancing reason I'm not gleaning from DRK's design that justifies SW being so much shittier than Vengeance? The only justification I can scrape together is that Defiance gives HP and healing magic increases instead of a flat damage reduction amount, but that hardly passes the smell test when I look at the other mitigation tools Warrior has. 
>There's a *little* bit more. Nunes alleges that the FBI used some dishonest tactics while presenting the Steele dossier to the FISA court - specifically, that they tactically withheld some info that would reduce its credibility. I'm not entirely sure whether his allegations would constitute a crime, an internal rules violation, or nothing at all.

Yeah, that's called "omitting uncorroborated evidence" because if they left that evidence in as a way to substantiate the renewal, it would be unethical/illegal. Leaving dubious shit out of the justification is about as by-the-book and legal as it gets. 
I quit three years ago after getting a death threat and have only occasionally looked back.

I definitely have lost contact with a lot of people that Facebook would have otherwise helped me keep in touch with. Lots of people I know organize events and whatnot through the platform, so I've been out of the loop on family gatherings, events friends put on, etc. The only people in my life who know exactly where I am or exactly what I'm up to are the people who directly see and/or speak to me. 

That being said, I don't miss the spam and junk notifications. I don't miss the app inexplicably burning through the battery on my phone. I don't miss the irritating deluge of /r/forwardsfromgrandma content. I certainly don't miss tangentially-connected-to-me people saying they'll kill me if they ever see me in person again.
It's been a debate since the 18th century on if they is proper in a singular sense and has been used far before then as a singular, neutral antecedent. The debate on if it's proper grammatically speaking isn't even a new thing. 
Ain't even a newfangled SJW thing. "They" has been used for an unspecified and unquantified entity for literal centuries (though around the same time, just using "he" for unspecified was a thing too). 

We had this linguistic discourse already, but ASJWs got tilted over some LGBT people starting to use it after they were mocked for inventing neutral neopronouns, and now we're here. 
I just hit Limit Effect LOD and make sure my model limit is at medium and I don't have problems. If that's not enough, turn off Player and NPC cames. Healthbars still show if you're a healer, so you don't miss anything important.

That being said, I've played melee DPS and tanks in FFXIV for 4 years now, so comprehending things through insane visual clutter has become second nature. It doesn't bother me at all here. 
I think you're missing the thrust of trickle-down economics and why people throw shade at it my dude. 
You've got all sorts of noise in using reddit alone. 

There are inactive players who stay subbed. There are active players who have unsubbed (like me. I'm only here now because a friend linked it on discord), have never subbed, or aren't on reddit at all. You've got people who are subbed to keep an eye on community "discourse," bots, etc.
I've already struck out after copter, cat, and marvel, and I'm probably not the only one who's given up on standard because of it. 
Fuck, man. I gotta get in on that shit. Do they comp for weekend and evening work? 
>* Blaze in Polish is Pożarsky. What even is the connection between these two?

I don't know, because I don't know Polish and Google Translate isn't translating what that word means to English. Would anyone else care to enlighten me/us? 
Only if you're drawing a card at noon exactly whilst saying "Draw!" 
~~God-fist Lee Sin~~ Pulsefire Ezreal doesn't unlock itself!

Edit: PFE is something I forgot about even though it turned literally everything into Ezreal for *weeks*
Really just any MMO, persistent world, or competitive-designed game could get sufficient amounts of salt on its own. 
I'm sure I'm working with an immovable object here, but maybe you'll be interested in why straight cash was sent to Iran. There's a very specific reason for *why* it happened. 

One of the take-it-or-leave-it terms of the Iran deal was that they be financially compensated for disrupting what they have been working on and for the inconvenience the deal imposes upon them. Sending the money via any way other than literally shipping them a stack of bills would violate sanctions currently set up by the international community. In order to preserve the deal without violating the sanctions, they did just that. They shipped cash directly to them to meet the terms of agreement. 
In an American public school? You'd get the phone confiscated and/or sent to the principal's office for insubordination.

In college? Your instructor would call you a smart-ass and hand your phone back assuming they're a well-adjusted human being 
It's more like 45 minutes to an hour per Google, and there's a handful of other Thai places that are closer than it is. 
A bit of both with a dash of other Thai places being closer. 
So many people have recommended it, but boy is that a hike from Greece. Is it worth the hike?

Edit: for clarity, it'd be 45 minutes to get there, so it's a lot more than the usual "everything is 15 minutes away" stuff
On the turbo 2? Not sure. Maybe they parched it? It's been quite some time since I gave up on mine and got a pixel. 
This was on the phone I got before the pixel. Since I'm going to be spending MSRP for whatever I buy from a carrier anyways, I'm getting my stuff unlocked from here on out. 

Almost zero bloat is the best feeling. 
Nah. It's the Verizon bloatware guzzling battery on idle that'll be fixed in an update soon™ that obsoletes the phones.

Edit: Christ almighty I forgot about that ancient flair. I'm on a vanilla pixel nowadays. 
Out of curiosity, are the champs that go into the jungle and clear at a glacial pace with weird skill usage bots? I always suspect they're bots, but don't report in case they're just bad or lagging. 
Refer to the reaction that reddit had when Comey said Hillary didn't do anything that was illegal, multiply that reaction by a few hundred times, and you've got your reaction of that happens. 
Vague spoilers in this post. Be forewarned. 

There's a lot of twists to try and make things unpredictable. Some of them seem to be there solely for the sake of unpredictably, misleading the audience, and having twists to add to the tension. In the end, some of those twists are meaningless. I also agree that it doesn't particularly seem like there's much for the next film to build off of. Sure, there's untied threads, but at this point are they going to even tie them or will they be left hanging? 

There certainly are plot holes, but a lot of them can be filled in with a little thought. IE- a bigass ship isn't as agile as a smaller one. Warping isn't for short jaunts so just going around isn't easy. In turn, why not just add a quick cloaking effect to ships that are supposed to be cloaked since this stuff is all CGI anyways? It must not be that great of cloaking tech if you can be visually seen. Why not explain if this breaker is really the guy they're looking for, but lost his sign in a bet since we're zagging left and right with the plot anyways.

At the same time, the cinematography in some of the scenes is marvelous. I'm not as turned off by CGI as the KF crew is, so I wasn't bothered by some of the more heavy scenes because of that. There were just as many "star wars-y" scenes as any other from my perception of it, and I feel like people's perception of the franchise as a whole has been romanticized to erase the camp and the humor that I personally enjoy but others seem to hate. 

This is just my opinion, but I think the over-hype around it is the main contributor to the negative reactions people are having somewhat across the board. People went in expecting a film to dethrone Empire and got something average by Star Wars standards instead. That disappointment shifts the scale downward and makes everything seem worse than it is. That's reflected in this review at the end when they compare it to Revenge of the Sith and almost immediately say it's on a similar level or better than it. Once things cool off, this will probably be considered middle of the road as far as the mainline series goes. People are just running hot from expectations both denied and fulfilled. 
Conversely, this is the first time I heard anyone saying it was so bad that it was in prequel territory. Even exiting the theater last night, nobody was saying anything on this level of criticism. I recognize it has flaws, but overall enjoyed it as much as I would any Star Wars flick. 
And avoid getting strangled out by lawsuits from the bigger ISPs or caught up in red tape from subsidy contracts that demand exclusive ownership, etc. 
It's a thing in open world PvE and hella casual high-end content. This is the build I use.

http://gw2skills.net/editor/?vZAQJA6Kn8MBNOhFOBUGjlfCbbMFAKTeDhpQLgPVOLzlA-jhRBABP8AAoU9HAOIAmpEEPdCXt/o8jUARMGA-e

By equipping one pistol in your first weapon set mainhand and the other pistol in your second weapon set offhand, you can get free fast hands procs on every weapon swap with only two pistols. The last utility slot can be anything from haste to refuge, blinding powder, shadowstep, or even mercy. 
There's also the short fanfare that plays at the last bit of the launch trailer. It's not on the soundtrack and oddly enough, not in game either. I've asked about it on Twitter and nobody seems to recognize that it exists. It's so bizarre. 
It's like the right-wing keurig "boycott," yeah. 

There's a debate of if they're allowed to ban people from events for their actions outside of the game or community events, but it's about all WotC can do to discourage shit-stirrers. There's also people questioning if bans are even effective, since some of these people don't even play in sanctioned events that often, so the penalty is symbolic at best.

Then again, if the symbol stands for "we will not suffer people who act solely to provoke, anger, and abuse others at our events," I'm all for it. 
Same. I can only get that level of CS on Annie or other champs with solid last-hit abilities. 
They certainly could have omitted her and little would have changed because it was mostly an exposition dump, plot hole filler (given some extrapolation), and some small hooks for the future of the game's story. My theories of why she couldn't/didn't want to confront the elder dragons are touched upon above, but I didn't go too far into detail about them. Here's my short summary of what I've determined.

1) The dragons are creatures that (in terms of the part that is dangerous and can be killed) exist in Tyria proper. This meets the same problems encountering Balthazar has. The potential for destruction is too great for them to believe it's the best course of action, so they opt to find a new realm and bide their time instead of fight. 

2) While not outwardly stated, the gods know that fighting the dragons means the destruction of Tyria. This could be by exodus standards and the sheer damage the fighting would do, but may also indicate that the gods are aware of the antikytheria and what happens when too many portions are taken out. Them just stepping in and cursing the dragons does not solve the whole cosmic instability issue.

3) The gods fear the elder dragons (statement from devs. Can't find the source atm) and know that a direct fight with them would result in them being defeated. Also lends a bit towards why Balthazar had to stun Kralkatorrik before even attempting to do anything with him.

4) Less expounded on in the essay as the evidence was not there (but not invalidated anywhere), but as the gods are confirmed to not be cold, calculating, and aware of everything their actions do, they may believe the hypothetical continent-for-a-future argument is valid. If they care for human life on Tyria and wish to not be directly responsible for any death or suffering, they could believe that no amount of direct action would be worth the damage and death it would cause. Hence them taking the option to find another realm. That is their direct action against the dragons. 

Think of it this way. The house they bought is filled with termites. They can't afford to call the exterminator, and believe that any steps they take to eliminate the termites might cause health problems for their pets. They don't like the argument that scruffy the dog and snowballs the cat falling ill is worth keeping the house even if it means making it termite-free. They've already bought the house and moved in at this point, so there's little they can do for the time being, but they can go back into the market for a new house with hopes that the next one won't have this fatal flaw. 

Philosophically speaking, you could make an argument that their inaction does lead to the death and suffering of humans and thereby makes them directly responsible, but that's am entirely different argument about moral imperatives, the fault of bystanders, etc. that I'd rather not debate at this point. 

5) Unless a particularly contrived set of story steps were taken to justify the return of the gods and not invalidate existing lore in the process, it'd be a instance of *deus ex machina*. This trope has an incredibly negative public perception, so the writers are likely taking steps to avoid anything vaguely even looking like it. 
People legitimately did this in past high-profile apocalypse predictions. Obviously it didn't end well. Check out some of the fallout from Harold Camping's "prediction." It's fun stuff. 
Same here in regards to being taught this stuff in childhood. Our teen bible study group watched the movie adaptation of *Left Behind* and had a discussion about the end times. A member of the congregation was struggling with his circumstances, and I think turned to wishing for the end of the world as a way to escape it all. Oddly, as his life began to turn for the better, the apocalyptic talk faded away. That, or the pastor gave him a scolding. Either way, my early teenage years was steeped in the stuff. 

As an already-damaged kid, this stuff fucked me right the hell up for a good 3 or 4 years. To this day, I still feel a panic in my chest at the mention of end times stuff. It was never something that'd inspire joy in me. It was a constant thing that loomed over me where I wouldn't be able to experience what I'd want to experience in my life. It burdens me with fear, shame, and anxieties. It also added the double whammy that my fear meant I'm not pious enough to be saved. 

The most comfort I've taken even in my more religious days of my life have been that people have been trying to predict and orchestrate the end for thousands of years. They believe they see the signs in the static noise of history. They force their interpretation into the world and say it's the gospel truth. In their attempts at doing so, they become the false prophets that the book they say they love so much warns them not to be.
... Okay, this is my first time hearing about this. What's going on with Patreon? 

Apparently Greg has been more transparent about it than the company that has direct access to my email inbox and payment info. 
Hey, I mean, whatever gives you a competitive edge that's legal within the confines of the rules? 
Say what you want about the song itself, that video is just filled to the brim with easter eggs like that, and I find that quite amusing. 
It's really sad too. People look at it and think that because it's the way the founders laid it out almost 250 years ago, it's how it should be. Nevermind the fact that some of them even advocated constitutional conventions every 20 years to adjust the government to suit the nation. 

Then again, we had the talk about conventions in my state recently. If care isn't taken, the law could be reshaped by resourceful special interest groups who just push us from one broken system to another.
It's a bit more complex than that, unfortunately.

First off, the majority of the nation didn't want him as president from the moment they voted. He won because of archaic system that was supposed to prevent people like him from taking office. Unfortunately, it had the opposite effect from another tenant of its design, which is to pull political weight from high-population areas and put it towards rural areas. That leads to scenarios where 3 million more people voted for his main opponent than him, but he still won.

Second, what the people want hardly matters in any day other than election day. Lots of folks want Trump out. Lots of our representatives want Trump out, but other representatives don't think so. Those representatives may even want Trump as the president even if the majority of their constituents don't. There's very little us citizens can do outside of vote for reps that will hold the administration responsive for their crimes, and we can usually only do that in November. Even then, some of these reps aren't up for election. Even if they act in direct opposition of the desires of their constituency, they're secured in their seat until they're up. 

These kinds of representatives are the majority parties in the branch of government that should be holding him accountable, and they're doing stuff like passing vastly unpopular, error-ridden laws at 2AM. They don't care about what their constituents want. They serve themselves and the wealthy donors who got them into office. Us common folk can and in some cases have screamed at them until we are blue in the face, but they still support what they know the people they're representing don't want in the best case scenario. Worst case scenario? They do it anyways, and also have us arrested. 

Our methods of getting rid of him, aside from death or elections, involve these representatives moving to remove him. They need a clear legal reason to do so, and control 2/3rds of both parts of our representative branch of government. The representative in the majority party want him to stay because he's a useful, stupid rubber stamp for the shit they want to pass regardless of if the majority of people they represent want it or not. Other mechanisms include him being ousted by his cabinet, but there's a lot of question on if that's even legal. Also, since these people have a job in the cabinet because they were appointed by the president, not only do they have limited obligations to respond to what the public wants, but they also probably don't want to. The person who they're taking out gave them the job after all, and nepotism is a bitch. 

In short: We didn't want him. We're saying we don't want him. The people who should be advocating for what we want don't care. They can't be removed until we vote to remove them. That vote isn't until another 11 months *if that.* Our system is broken. We want to change it, but we're powerless unless we have large sums of money to throw around. 
As Maro put it, Spike doesn't care about gender norms or perceptions. Spike just wants to win. 
>it's been an okay build for damn near four years now and only improved with tempest.

Yes. 
It's not the most optimal build under the sun, but Sc/x fresh air tempest is okay. I've always stuck with staff so I don't know the numbers for certain, but it's been an okay build for damn near four years now and only improved with tempest.

I'm on mobile, so I'm doing trait setup off of memory, but it'd look something like this. http://gw2skills.net/editor/?vFAQJBLhdygIU2A20AY9AwHBWEAMhL5FoG62ant12gAQB4AA-jhRBABmpEEP9AXt/o87hHAAAnAAKV/hUARMGA-e

Start in fire. Use fire scepter 2. Switch to air before it hits your target. Mash air scepter 1-3 until Overload Air is off cooldown. Use Overload air. Switch to fire until you get your fresh air proc. Use fire scepter 2. Switch to air before it hits your target. Mash air scepter 1-3 until Overload Air is off cooldown... You get the idea.

All while that's happening, be sure to use Glyph of Storms and your conjures. It's the same timing on those as it is in staff tempest.

Edit: A warhorn version is probably better so I updated the build. 
No. We noticed. They just don't care that we noticed because we're not who they *truly* represent. 
Just tossing this out there- not all mobs focus on highest toughness unless something was recently changed. Some go after toughness, but others go after vitality, some weird toughness-vitality ratio, etc. Others aggro based on proximity (closest/farthest), damage output, or my personal favorite, the "because fuck you that's why" coefficient.

It honestly depends on what your main tank's school or thought is when it comes to toughness. Some MTs have main-stat toughness everything. Some selectively tune their builds to have the lowest possible amount of toughness. Unless you're coordinating with your MT, you'll never know for certain.

In general, if you're looking to OT chrono, just wear what you need to hit your boon duration target and don't worry about toughness. If you're still concerned, splash some gear with minor stat toughness into your armor. Just be mindful that if you're with a rando who's wearing the bare minimum toughness in the relevant encounters, you may rip aggro.
A lot of media endeavors seem simple from the outside. Even something like casually streaming takes work unless you don't give a crap about the quality of your product. People just don't realize that until they're in the thick or it. 
This has become a point of contention in my raid group and has also come up on this subreddit more times than I can count. What's up with some of the unskippable pre/post encounter cutscenes? 

It doesn't seem like they're consistent with what can or can't be skipped, and while I'm not bothered by them, I know a ton of folks are. Samarog's intro cutscene is a particularly big offender amongst people I play with.

I get this is probably a super low priority thing, but it's something that's causing friction in my (and many other people's) play experiences and I'd like to see it addressed to some extent for their sake. 
I'll probably get showered with downvotes for this comment, but I'll just leave this here.

https://us.shop.battle.net/en-us/product/world-of-warcraft-mount-mystic-runesaber

That's probably their price reference. Not saying it's right. Not saying it's good. Just saying that they probably did some homework instead of drunkenly throwing a dart at a board with dollar values on it.

Ed: FFXIV also has their unique cosmetic mounts at $25 and above (with some reskins of a mount they give you in the MSQ at $12) and they behave no differently than the standard chocobo. Seems like they priced it at the presumed market standard price thinking people would be okay with it here when they're okay with it elsewhere 
The photos were taken a year apart from each other, so they had about 365 days or so to change. 
It's a bunch of then-IGN editors (Matt Casamassina, Craig Harris, Peer Schneider, and some forth guy who I don't remember) reacting to announcements at press conferences that were a year apart. 
Their on-the-record statement about this is that they listen to what players think needs a reprint. Then, they fit that card into a release at some point, be it a masters set or some other product as long as the design allows it.

It just so happens in MTG that there are tons of community figureheads and pundits who analyze the markets and say what needs to be reprinted, sometimes not taking the secondary market into consideration at all, but just from a raw availability standpoint. 
I'm not familiar with every class to say this definitely, but deadeye is an incredibly powerful single-target damage dealer. This is the build I use. http://gw2skills.net/editor/?vZQQNAU4Yn8MBFOhNOBGPBUGjFaCTLAMhiA8/yi5z0LLkGGCA-jhRBABmpEEgnAAlq/c1+jyP80N8wFBgUARsMC-e

In short, you kneel, mark your target, use your elite to cleanse the revealed, attack until you've got 4 malice, then hit haste and press your 4th skill twice. I've gotten this build to crit for ~32k damage. This build can turn an elite hydra into a quivering pile of goop in 10 seconds when played well. 
Or 100 percent? 
That's generally how culture wars work. One side gets aggressive, and the other has two choices: submit, or resist. The response to rise to defend your ideals when it's perceived that they're under assault is pretty natural. 

I'd wager a lot of people in favor of socal progress are aware that the situation is "ironic," but when the sides in this war have elements like "some people should be denied fundamental rights because this interpretation of a book from a couple millenia ago says so," it should be easy to see why people get riled up about it. 
I wanted story make a more developed write-up for the forums, but I keep getting stuck on what the mantras should do, what weapons should do, and filling out the trait tree with stuff that doesn't sound totally busted. I may have the time to sit down and hammer things out enough over the upcoming holiday break. We'll see, I guess. 
They pivoted to outfits in the gemstore because people hated complete armor sets being in the gemstore. Now the pendulum seems to be swinging in the other direction a couple of years later. It's quite fascinating. 
I had a similar concept with an arcane-based elite spec for elementalist. It still stayed on the attunement design space, adding a 5th "attunement" with a limited resource pool a la celestial avatar, shroud, etc. I haven't figured out a weapon, but the skill type would be mantras (with two charges). 

The shortest summary of the mechanic itself is that the ele builds up "focus" over time when in combat. Focus is used when entering the "Arcane Trance" and using skills. The rate the ele gains focus can be enhanced with a trait tier that gives bonus focus for damaging enemies, healing allies/applying boons, or having mantras charged. Other traits could provide elemental bonuses based on what attunement you were in when entering Arcane Trance, giving mantras an additional charge when in Arcane Trance, and potentially quickness generation or other forms of boonshare.

The goal would be to make an ele spec that sacrifices damage for boon/utility support and possibly some party protection (think of skills like arcane barrier or rebound). The difficulty is making it seem different from tempest, which was also somewhat designed to be supportive. 
The plan is simple. They slash taxes for the wealthiest individuals and crank up the debt. They return to it a year or so later and say "Our debt is too high! We have to cut spending! Eliminate entitlement programs! They're too expensive!" Add some spin about welfare queens, obamaphones, and drug abuse. The base eats it up. Entitlement programs are now gone. 

Rinse and repeat until a sufficiently impenetrable oligarchy has formed. 
Bonus points if the lava drips out of the mouth or eyes. 
Can I press both of them? 
Hell, Wildstar is still running and getting regular updates. If it hasn't been killed off after two years of near-complete irrelevance, GW2 is going to be fine. 
I've been messing around with it. The issue is that the traits don't do many favors for you as they would for condi or support oriented specs. 
They're still financially responsible for hitting what their publisher projects for them regardless of their independence. If they're not showing to be a good return for what NCS is doing for them, NCS may look for other places to put their resources that would perform better.

The only scenario where I could see NCS and its investors not caring about ANet missing or hitting their targets would be if the company is just free money at no loss or benefit to them. Even then, investors would want gains. 
Check out the quarterly reports and statements  (I'm on mobile atm so I can't dig them up, but searching "Daewoo" on this subreddit will get you like a year of results). 

There's also a couple posts (https://www.reddit.com/r/Guildwars2/comments/7bo9g9/a_little_perspective_on_gem_sales like this one) that show the gemstore revenue curve over the years. Statements about sales being below what was projected are frequent in the quarters following HoT.

So, given missing their financial marks and their publisher's current push towards mobile games and mobile-style monitization, it's no surprise that a modified gacha system wormed its way into GW2. 

They try bundle deals with weapon skins and outfits and gliders and other shit that people only really wanted one of. People hate it and revenue falls. They sell gliders peacemeal. People hate it and revenue falls. They try smaller bundles or closely related items like backpack and glider. People hate it and revenue falls. Now what? Well, the publisher says gacha systems work, so let's remove the common pain points of dupes and gameplay advantages and go with that. Guess what?

People hate it. 
I mean, I won't defend the methodology because I think lootboxes are predatory at their very core, but I can see the line of thinking they were taking. 

Their previous models of cosmetic revenue were lukewarm to unpopular in their reception and are under what they're projected to sell. Lootboxes have a trend of producing more revenue, their products are solely cosmetic, and there's no chance for duplicates, so from an industry perspective (not a community perspective, which is a massive mistake) things *looked* like they'd be okay and would provide a revenue stream that could help them maybe hit their projected targets for once. 

Given their publisher's statements out mobile games and the distribution styles of mobile games having high returns, giving the model a go would unfortunately align with NCS's current strategies. Also, given past treatment of games that weren't performing to NCSoft's standards and business models (RIP city of heroes), following along seemed like a valid option. 

The negativity from their previous distribution methods in the community, a growing distaste for lootboxes in the industry at large, an (in my opinion) inflated price point, and the general cynicism that's swept the community at large caused the blister to pop. Now they're trying to clean up the mess.

Again, I should reiterate that I hate the concept of lootboxes. This was not a good approach. Some of the outcry about it is totally justified. (I draw my line at harassing content creators personally). As many folks in the gaming industry (both traditional and video) have said though, if you look at something and say "it's so obviously wrong and they could have done something else instead," the answer is rarely "we never considered that."

Tl;dr- They wanted revenue to make their quarterly look good and this aligned with their publisher's goals, so they thought it may work out. It didn't. 
Hey look. No mention of the revenue slumps. How am I not surprised that Jim Sterling went off half-cocked because there's blood in the water.

He makes good points about the trend in the industry, but the problem isn't always with the developers who implement these systems, but the people who are holding their pursestrings. 
I hope he looks into NCSoft and the shit they've been saying in their quarterly reports, because it explains so much shit that ANet has been doing in the gemstore. 

Unfortunately, I have zero faith that hell dig any further than the surface level issue and just stop the buck ANet instead of going to the next step, and that's a publisher who's pushing their subsidiaries to be more predatory for the sake of revenue. 
Yeah. The substance of the patch today was pretty good aside from this whole issue. Unfortunately this is the kinda stuff that'll get buried. 
There's a cash shop on ffxiv that ranges from weapon and armor skins, emotes, dye vials, fantasias, level boosts, and additional retainers. It's been a point of criticism as more and more items move over from the game to it over the past few years when they could be in-game rewards. (sound familiar?)

They haven't tried anything like this quite yet, but man are some of the prices absurd. 
Honestly even fractals don't seem that bad. I'm not punted from T4 parties from the sheer audacity of suggesting I run heal tempest en lieu of no healer. 
You also need to get your information from things other than target golems, because target golems don't have mechanics.

I'm not saying that power heralds are top DPS BiS damage wizards, but their rotation is so simple that the difference in performance between the golem and actual content is surprisingly small. 
Yeah! Nevermind the the fact that they found a place in the raiding meta as a potent and nigh unkillable healer in select encounters who spends most of the time acting without the support of the rest of the squad. 

Must be those totally kickass regeneration ticks as a boonbot mirite. Certainly nothing to do with the gigantic amounts of damage mitigation and healing at their disposal. Those paltry things don't exist. They're just boonbots after all!
They say it in their major posts, but their behavior in public and in assorted comments is hardly a reflection of the optimal/viable split and anti-class-nazi-ism. If they practiced what they preached and didn't turn the comments of those who point this out into downvote farms, the toxicity would be slightly less pervasive. 

IE) One figurehead saying that *only* elementalist is viable on KC outside of the mandated trinity. The behavior of members of certain guilds when in the chats of streamers that have not-perfect-to-meta comps or builds. 
The fact that this post isn't at the bottom of the page gives me a faint hope that the community may be catching on.

Then again, the figureheads don't seem to understand this concept, so it'll likely never catch on. 
It really baffles me why they get such a pass for the stuff they pull. There are so many parallels between the HoT+HSW launches, and equally as many with PoF+Stormblood.

The company says fuckall about the expansion until a day where it spits out nearly everything out at once. Classes go unbalanced for weeks with dubious changes trickling in on random patches while the obvious problems remain unanswered without comment. The new content is anemic with the exception of one or two pieces that people grind for a unique reward. Aside from progressing a class and gathering, there's very little reason to go to the new zones. Glaring bugs go without fixes or even *recognition* unless the result is catastrophic. Highly requested features get answered with a "soon™" and nothing more. I give the nod to SE merely on the fact that they manage to fix their bugs without causing a cascade or seven others to form, leading to a relatively bug-free experience, but that's about it. 

FFXIV's community is a little miffed about it but rolls with what happens and figures that their issues will be addressed eventually. GW2's community sits there and is saltier than Lot's wife over nearly anything ANet does once the honeymoon period wears off (if there even is one)

I just don't understand the massive differences between the two communities as a casual player of both games.
Donnie seems to forget the waste of time and money that was the whole benghazi/emails debacle. 
It depends on who teaches the Astro, really. Some people think the time to cast it makes it not worth it, and they tell other Astros that.

Meanwhile, I thirst for any excuse to gravity spam the world. 
That's the problem with the Nascar method. Mobs continue to spawn in small quantities, but have a high cap. It's supposed to be a "DPS check" where players pick off the mobs or get overwhelmed.

Instead, people run past the mobs without killing any of them. This is what causes the huge pile-up, and turns what would be a small DPS race on three/four tiers to a literal race AND a DPS race. 
I've used my spare LI to craft more precursors because it's comparatively cheap ascended armor that has access to a ton of stats. That's been incentive enough for me to keep raiding. 
Strange. It seems like the song they used at the end of the launch trailer isn't on the soundtrack. I wonder if it's one of the bonus tracks that are being offered by Iam8bit and the vinyl version.

Edit: I bought it for science. Will report back later on what these bonus tracks are. 
I've got a few thoughts about this, but the shortest version is that leaning how to handle these issues is difficult and I feel like they're working on getting their sea legs.

Better to be careful when learning than to fuck up and get destroyed by a media landscape obsessed with drama and consumed by its zeal at times.

Also, as a friend said when I asked about this on a similar subject, "It costs zero dollars and zero cents to make sure people understand you."
They've on-the-record said some core specs are getting barrier. They specifically pointed out ele and the earth shield. 
I believe they're talking about ICDs, which by and large do not have any indicators of when they go off.

E: by go off, I mean come off cooldown and are ready to proc again. 
Were you around when conditions were capped? There's a reason condi builds were mostly considered trash through that era of GW2. 
New Maps: More horizontal and on a single plane. Meta events are regional, like they were in the base game. You have some fancy events, but nothing quite like world bosses of core Tyria or the grindy amusement park of the jungle. They're like core Tyria maps turned up to 11 in some aspects, and turned down in others. 

New Specs: They shake up how the professions are played moreso than the HoT specs, and (imo) stick closer to the side-grade philosophy than the upgrade philosophy. They're all perfectly fine for open world play as long as you have a coherent build.
You will definitely get access to all raid wings that are released under the PoF timeframe. They're currently working on the first raid, and it will be out soon.™
I had to deal with a person that was basically inconsolable over scourge because he was "only" pulling 15k DPS in content. When I told him that 15k DPS was median condi tempest pre-pof damage, he suddenly walked back and said it was more like 6k. 
"Oh, it's fine. I don't mind."
Really the only way their indicate is is that she's constantly doing the "crippled" walk animation for asura. My only guess on why they haven't brought it up is because she spends most of her time hanging in the lab and off-stage.

Edit: Also because apparently it's a faux-pas to point at the disabled character and go "HEY LOOK AT HOW DISABLED THEY ARE BUT THEY'RE STILL FUNCTIONING ISN'T THAT INSPIRING?!" because it uses them as a cheap tool for showing a character overcome hardship? It's some stuff people mentioned when I brought it up. 
And frankly, they make or commission some of the highest quality art there is for charr characters. Apparently they're also really nice commissioners according to artists I know?

If they're responsible for generating good content for the community, more power to 'em. 
I mean, I have enjoyed PoF far more than I have enjoyed Stormblood because it's totally a subjective thing on what people consider "better." 
What stats does it give? 
Why is it disappointing? Also, given the insignia, is it a new stat set? 
It covers less than two months of mine, and that's why I'm poor. 
Rubi replied to this on Twitter. It's a dye. 
I just pray that they remember the "in PvP only" line of text for any eventual nerfs.
Razer Naga Hex V2. It has seven buttons on the side (which is kinda funny all things considered) that I've mapped my heal, utility, elite, special action, and weapon swap keys to. They days of finger calisthenics and clicking are over. 
GW2 and FFXIV, because when you have 2 MMOs in your life, you don't have time for anything else.

~~My backlog is gigantic send help~~
The good old-fashioned "overtime-to-gold" farming method. 
Taco+cat makes a palindrome that says "Taco Cat."
I can see how people would get irked by what he said then, but I also kinda understand the direction he's coming from having recently gone through some stuff. It seems like a reaction to being tangential to whatever happened. You look at what hurts you about it before looking outwards. In this case, he didn't word it in the most eloquent manner.

This realization came about when I set up a vacation for myself, but had to cancel everything because my uncle suddenly passed away (He was terminal already, but the clock ran out faster than expected). After I hung up the phone with my brother, my first thoughts were frustration that everything I had planned and was looking forward to was now crushed; that I'd be spending a weekend in mourning instead of a weekend with my friends. After a while, the other shit sunk in that my cousins wouldn't have a father, my dad wouldn't have a brother, etc. I felt like a dick for being selfish, but I was told that the feeling, again, is natural. 

It's only problematic when you never see the issues at hand beyond yourself, and I think he certainly was seeing those things at this point. Again, just... You lose eloquency when stressed, so it probably came out weird, but I understand him now. 
If you're running around in the open world and not looking to provide might to anyone, swapping tactics for strength could be beneficial. You can use bleed/weakness on stun and the hammer grandmaster to generally make hammer more usable. You could also take "Might makes right" for a little HP recovery on might gain, which gives you a bit more sustain.  

Again, that's if you're not expected to be generating might for people. 
He is. https://youtu.be/r1v__Mj1Nto

Obviously spoilers. 

>Run by idiots

>Republicans control all three branches of the fed

>Republicans control more than half of the governorships 

🤔
Given that handy-dandy little "R" associated with their political affiliation, it's easy to imagine. Nothing would happen. 
I'm inclined to say that it would be a huge improvement, not only to Holosmith, but to any other power-based transform specs in the past and future (like reaper). Another fix could be to let laser focus persist outside of Photon Forge when you are above 50% heat to really benefit and promote the risk/reward playstyle. 

That being said, power holosmith pulls 34k DPS, so it'll probably be considered "okay" and they won't make any changes to limit power creep. That's my fear at any rate. Hope Y'all like kits. 

Source for the numbers: https://youtu.be/g0C9jK3QEXw 
Or saying anything at all and letting an overzealous community spin up what's happening to unrealistic levels and establishing them as sure deals. 
I've had a few coworkers bring it up and I've stopped there a couple times myself. While they don't have the *one dish* I've been scouring Thai restaurants for, basically everything I've had from them has been delicious. They're easily one of the better Thai places in the city. 

My only complaint is that finding their menu for a takeout is a quest and a half. I ended up having to drive there and take photos of their laminated menu at the front desk for take-out. 
Honestly I had no clue what the scale of the site was so I just reached for something absurd. My experience is solely related to hunting small black dots on paper. 

Good to know though? 
And have something like a .50 and a powerful enough scope to do anything with accuracy at that range just chillin' in your back pocket.
Having capped my dailies, there's still plenty of reasons beyond AP. You still get the daily login bonus, and you still get rewards for any achievements you complete, plus the 2g for completing 3. The only thing you don't get is the actual AP.

If you're logging in solely for the intangible number and not the things the game gives you for meeting the requirements to get that intangible number bump, it's probably not worth your time to log in at all. 
I capped on my dailies like a month or so ago? The only thing that changes is that you don't get any fancy points for completion. You still get the rewards, so I'd say it's still worth doing them after that. 
There's a lot of traits that modify fury to have a whole mess of other effects, and these other effects can cause stat alterations, which can cascade into numbers looking different than they are in-game. It's not just the 20% they're worried about I'd bet. 
Well considering my account is in a proverbial trashcan as-is, I'm not sure how I could check if I had any friends. I'm sure I don't. Even if I did, I'd put good money on their accounts also being lost too since they stopped playing around when I did. 

If I were to share my account inventory per the API (since that's data that came straight from the game) and enough supporting evidence that I am the owner of said account, would it be possible to just get the inventory for it? 

I've already accepted that I'm taking a financial bath on this one since I've been told everything is lost because I missed the window by a few hours, but if there's any chance I can scrape enough information together, I'm going to try. 
This is a very serious question in spite of its joking nature. What happens if you don't have any friends?

I do have assorted information like purchases or platinum from the HEX store and the year my account was formed. I even have my entire account inventory as it was before the server switch recorded by the API and logged on TCGBrowser. What I don't have are friends.

Am I screwed without that stuff?  I already contacted support and they said I'm SOL, but that was before this.
Unique weapon skins, gold, crafting materials, and sometimes currencies you can trade for collectable items, recipes, upgrade components, toys, etc. With the exception of more intense content, you won't be handed BiS equipment by drops, but you can salvage or sell what does drop to work towards those items. It's not always the quality of the weapon or the stats that give it value, but the skin it has. That weirdass shortbow that looks like a crab and has tanky stats? It's worth 50 gold. Congrats. They don't call it fashion wars 2 for nothing.

Also, gear isn't one size fits all. You can have multiple sets of jewelry, armor, and weapons for different builds on one character. An elementalist may have up to three different sets of stuff on them for direct damage builds, dot damage builds, and healing builds. (or a single set of Legendary armor, which is worth thousands of gold and at least 150 raid boss kills). 

Believe me when I say amassing all of that stuff isn't easy unless you're a trading post mogul. Unless you're playing one character on one build in one gamemode, you're going to be doing "gear progression" a lot. It just has the upside or *never* getting totally obsolesced once you've sunk the time into making it.     
Combat itself hasn't changed much aside from the new profession (the revenant) and the now 18 elite specializations for the 9 base professions. You have an assortment of different mechanics, skills, and traits to mess with, but really the core is the same. Because of raids though, lots of folks have put time into figuring out optimal skill use/rotations, and it turns out that some stuff is a little more complex than "just autoattack it" if you wanna really watch stuff explode into tiny little pieces as fast as possible. 

Also, enemies outside of the vanilla zones start to become more threatening and mechanically interesting. Some require you to throw CC on them at specific times to interrupt their attacks. Some become more manageable when you take a moment tweak your build to counter their abilities. (ie- That's a lot of snipers. Let me grab a couple reflects) People who think they can just glass canon their way through the world like the old days, unless they're really good, are sorely mistaken. 

Oh, and healing/support is actually a thing now if that's something you're into. 
Especially so if you haven't played in years. There's the standard dungeons that I'm sure you've explored (because, let's face it, that's all there was back then). Then there's the fractals, which are like single-path dungeons that start easy, but start adding more mechanics as you increase their intensity to the point where you get events from other fractals breaking into the one you're currently doing. They add to these a couple more of these per year on a "when it's ready" basis. 

On top of that, there's raiding with Heart of Thorns, which has four wings. Some bosses have challenge modes you can take up add more mechanics to the fight. Some might cause hazards to fall from the sky in crazy patterns. Some might have you throwing a slug between your party members in a game of hot potato. The four from Heart of Thorns will be getting accompanied by the first Path of Fire raid wing, coming within the next month or so.

If you're looking for stuff to do in the open world, there's good old fashioned world exploration and crafting, but that's kinda old hat, right? Well, on top of that, they added (in my opinion, one of the coolest solo things) collections and scavenger hunts, which send you sleuthing around the world to find all sorts of odds and ends from literal trash items to lore books and more. Most crafting professions now go up to 500 (from 400), which lets you craft some fancy items. 

Also, depending on when you left, they've added a new gear tier shortly after launch (and might I say, have not added any more since) that you can work towards. All pieces of it are account bound, so you can bounce them between characters. You can even swap stats on the weapons and armor. After years of balance patches, going back to best-in-slot is never more that a few minutes away. 

But say you want to do some fighting kinda stuff. If you've got a guild, you've got guild missions, but those are also kinda old hat these days too. Same with world bosses and champ trains. Well, now there are bounties with Path of Fire. You take a name from the bulletin boards in a few areas through the zones, and you get a target to hunt down and kill. If you get Heart of Thorns, you also have the assorted map-wide events that people do. 

Lastly, there's more story content now. Unfortunately, the first "season" or the story was done though live updates. Your best bet on finding out what happened then is by going to YouTube. Maybe someday it'll be in game... The other story chapters, however, are available in game. You can unlock seasons 2 and 3 through microtransactions (which can be paid for with gold if you've got enough of it). Each of then comes with new story instances and achievements. Season 3 also brings a new map to explore for each episode with its own puzzles, achievements, events, etc. Season 4 will begin in a couple months, which will bring new story content, a new map, and other odds and ends every couple months. As long as you log in when the episode is "current," it gets applied to your account for free. Even if you don't own PoF, you'll have it available the moment PoF is unlocked. 

So, yeah, there's stuff to do now. 
And this is reinforced by the Caladbolg Reforged quest once you get to the end of it. The commander is oddly dynamic for what most companies would make a flat surface to self-insert on. 
Revenant and their respective elite specs are all about resource management and timing your skills so they don't interrupt each other. They have found their home in the GW2 meta as condition DPS and hearty tanks with a lot of sustainability for specific raid encounters. 

Your profession mechanic revolves around the "energy bar" that's located above your weapon skills. You generate energy just by being in combat, and it caps at 100 (or 50 out of combat). Swapping legends resets your total from whatever it was to 50. 

Nearly every skill uses energy by taking a flat cost from your bar, draining from your bar at a constant rate, or sometimes both. Because you're juggling this mechanic, some of your abilities have little to no cooldown and can be used whenever you have the energy available. Others have long cooldowns and hefty energy costs, presumably because ANet thinks they're high-impact skills I guess.

As you play, you need to be mindful about how much energy you're using compared to the rate it regenerates at. In high-end play, you'll need to consider how your skills are timed, when you can use what to not interrupt your autoattack, and how to conserve your energy and cooldowns so you're not starved for energy at a critical moment or before you can swap legends again.

Speaking of Legends, you have 4-5 that you can pick from at any given time. You can select two legends and swap between in combat them like they're weapons. These change your utility skills to something thematic to the legend you've picked. Shiro is a direct damage assassin. Mallyx is a condition damage monster. Jalis is a hearty bruiser. Ventari is a supportive healer. 

With your elite specs, you get Glint or Kalla on top of those four. Glint is a boon-sharing machine that can be tanky, sustainish, or even a little offensively. You also get access to "facet of nature/naturalistic resonance," which increases the boon duration on yourself and nearby players by 33%, and used again to throw out a whole mess of boons to nearby players. Kalla is a mishmash of offense (either condition or direct) and support. She gives you access to "citadel orders," which can provide might to nearby allies, throw down a damaging AoE, or reduce cooldowns for nearby allies. These two mechanics (facet and citadel orders) will always be available to you as long as you have their respective elite spec equipped regardless of if you have their legend equipped, and have their respective energy costs and cooldowns when activated.

In terms of builds, it depends on what you want to do. As I said before, condition DPS is currently the "best" offensive option, but power damage isn't so mediocre that you'll have issues out in the open world. Failing that, you can become the kiter for specific mechanics in a couple raid encounters. 
Condition engineer is still doing pretty well. It's core power engineer and Holosmith, by extension, that aren't doing so well.

The changes to excessive energy causing engineers to have to keep their endurance not-full and not having enough other traits to compensate for the damage loss that dodging causes direct damage builds to take a decent hit.

While Photon Forge still hits pretty heavily, its limited window of use and devistating uses-a-blue-weapon damage scaling kneecaps its damage potential. You get marginally more DPS than a vanilla power engineer, but it's still not enough to pull you above the good old fashioned ~~piano recital~~ condition engineer. 
I'm aware of the fire bomb doing more damage even in power builds. That's more or less simple addition. I also got the vibe that condi HS wasn't fantastic given the low sustained amount of burning and bleeding overall.

What traits did you use? Were runes and sigils the standard air/force+scholar?  
34k on holosmith?! That's nowhere near what I've been pulling. What's your build/rotation? You must be into something that a lot of folks aren't with that number. 
I'm gonna go out on a limb and say "not particularly well" thanks to the kit lockdown. Your burning doesn't last as long as or get applied in quantities similar to a berserker or tempest, and bleeding alone isn't enough to justify going to a full condi spec. 
Again, it's being used as a cheap source of concentration. I already know the might on crit effect doesn't do anything to the rest of your party because that's really obvious. 

As for "tricking" yourself, the illusion doesn't hold up very long at all when someone shows you the parser data or you've got enough situational awareness to check on squad members during downtime in the fight. 
Normally I'd argue about the merits of having multiple options for when someone isn't available or something, but that really only holds water across different armor weights. If you can build a might generator revenant, you're a few minutes of gear shuffling away from a Condi PS warrior.

In this case, it's really not worth the losses. 
I can answer the latter through my own attempts at making this work. Dumplings give concentration in addition to their might on crit effect. OP is using them as a cheap source of concentration with some offensive upside to themself. 
Usually these things provide some harrowing sign of the times with messages like that, but here we have the stereotypical post WW2 american dream suburban family looking fine and dandy. What is the warning? Where is the peril? Why do they matter? What stakes do they have that this statement has to be made? Did one of the people there wind up catching the gay and living a wonderful and fulfilling life with their partner thusly destroying the family through the prejudice of the other members? What is the meaning this is conveying? Are the conservative memers descending into the primordial stages of neo-dadaist design?

We just don't know. 
While bashing the writing staff is the hip new thing that everyone's been doing since prophecies, it should be noted that the people who wrote the living story are not the people who wrote the expansion story. 
Yeah, it is, but the goal was to try and make a build that starts with the goal of maximum quickness generation in mind from the outset, then gives everything else to damage.

If I wanted to approach it from a different angle and had different objectives, such as condition damage as the priority, then quickness duration would be the secondary priority. I probably would have reached a similar conclusion, but it looks like we're approaching things with different goals in mind.
>you're actually just saying that A-net is just incompetent, and needs its IG engine to fulfill people expectations ? 

Nah.

What *I'm* saying is that they probably looked into the impact the HoT CGI trailer and other- let's say "lackluster" release trailers had against other they've made, then weighed that against the costs and resources it would take to contract out creating a CGI trailer. Chances are, it came out on the losing side of that equation, so they opted to put together something in-engine and in-house.

Maybe not the "best" option, but certainly one that I would bet all the gold in my account that they discussed at one point or another. 
In short, the stuff has to be in the file that sits on your computer. It then needs to be found within that file that sits on your computer, amongst all of the other elements contained within that file. If that information isn't in the file, you won't find it. 
Timestamp for this is 1:36.

As they say in the old country, WHAT ARE THOOOOOOOOSE?! 
That's where I started. You get no duration from Seraph's, and while you get more crit chance and condi damage, the lack or power boils down to the Seraph's build needing to apply an average of more than 40 stacks of burning than a viper's/doubloon build to break even on damage.
He prioritizes capping crit on a build without power or ferocity and gets as close to cap as he can on burn duration, but doesn't take quickfire. On the build about generating quickness, he doesn't put much into boon duration outside of armor.

Is it just me, or does that seem kinda silly? 

Edit: Also, nothing to block in PvE with spellbreaker? Literally just stand in the bad to get your full counter proc. Also, spellbreaker isn't *just* about blocking. Maybe you don't do the damage a berseker does, but you have utility that will totally have a place in fractals. 
Furthermore, he picks up tools, the traitline that benefits from not being at maximum endurance, but doesn't take the holosmith trait that benefits dodging or the explosives traitline, which enhances power damage and has a minor and grandmaster trait that rewards dodging.

Like, you think one of the (sadly) strongest synergies within the spec would be apparent to someone like Nike. Maybe he's on some next-level shit or something, but it feels like if you're being pushed to do something traditionally considered a DPS loss you should be building into the things that mitigate that.  
Some independent creators I've been following have been griping about it, including one who had his video explaining about why he's "diversifying" to twitch getting demonitized.
That's about how it works in PvE too. 
A little bit. The hard R intones it like it was used in the past (and present), which is a derogatory term towards black people. It's basically the most direct example of a racial slur.

Conversely, ending it with an -ah/-uh is seen as a weird kinda linguistic antecedent? It's reclaimed terminology generally used by black communities to refer to other, usually also black, people. When used in that way, it's kinda seen positively, but seen as a bit of a social foul if you use it and you're not black yourself. Such are the quirks of reclaimed terminologies in the circles that use them. 
I do get annoyed, but I also understand that this process is complex and things have to change or else you get more "content droughts."

The core of the issue was that ANet had insanely loose lips early on. A lot of folks have tried to draw parallels to other MMO devs, but the common trends with their statements are that they're vague as hell, or set-in-stone-this-is-coming-with-this-patch statements. There's a fair bit of grumbling over the "broken promises" they've been offered, but because the devs at most have made an offhand remark in a website interview about it years ago with the rider of "if we can do it," expectations were rather low. The community still brings it up, but it's rare that the stuff becomes meme status like ANet's infamous table. Are we waiting on the 24-player raid roulette still? (not for much longer, but) Yep. Glamour libraries? Mmhmm. The most I see in FFXIV at least is memes around class balance built off of comments like "We're looking into Summoner." They'll have big targets for key releases (new dungeon and story, new raid wing, new PvP map, expand this gamemode) and those key releases ship when those big targets are ready. Everything else in the patch is considered gravy and is announced once it's locked in for release.

Conversely, ANet made official statements on their website or forums, supplemented by stuff on reddit, about things that are effectively WIPs. They were brought into the light well before they should have to satiate the players. It'd be a good play for them to make if it came out in the time span they originally promised, but for some reason as listed in my OP, things get pushed.

If people honestly want me to drag ANet for this, I honestly will. It's one hell of a case of mismanagement. ANet circa 2013/2014 seemed like they were moving too fast for their own good, and by the time they slowed down, the shit caught up to them *fast* and they payed one hell of a price for it. When the optics get dirty for an MMO, the cries of its death follow shortly after. 

The effects of that era are pretty apparent. Even with ANet doing okay financially and the game having a decent population, people thought the game was in wildstar-like "just keep it alive as long as possible" mode. People from my FC in FFXIV were genuinely surprised "ANet was still ANet," that GW2 was still of of the most played MMOs, and that it was still played enough to warrant an expansion. All of that stemmed from when ANet talked big and did little for huge spans of time and the community backlash from it and is still ringing *to this very day.* The amount of disillusionment is insane, and it harms the game with every single major release they put out even as they try to turn then ship around. 

Long story short, yes. I get annoyed, but I understand as someone who's worked on a lot of troublesome projects that things get out of hand. Sometimes though, you gotta keep your mouth shut to maintain the status quo, because saying something will make it worse, but keeping your nose to the grindstone will make it better.   
Y'all made this bed and now you're complaining that you're lying in it.

For literal fucking years, this community has pitched a fit over everything ANet has said they would do and didn't get to for one reason or another. I remember the protracted periods of griping over precursor crafting, new legendaries, this functionality, that functionality from 2013 to the present and likely beyond. They had a serious case of oral diarrhea where they'd just say shit and the community would take it as law with zero understanding of how project development and management works. It was a major shortcoming on *ANet's* behalf. 

Things wind up on the cutting room floor for a number of reasons. Maybe the scope of work is too large to reasonably allocate resources to. Maybe it became more complicated than they previously thought. Maybe they just don't have the time/money/data to believe that something is worth it. And what happens when they say something has been cut? This "community" drags them over the coals and cannibalizes itself in the process. Look no further than the reaction to Bogotter's video on why them putting second generation legendaries on hold is a good idea. A content creator who is less obstinate than he would see that and to "well fuck this place. I'm out." He's just an independent creator too. He isn't one of the people who work on making this game as their *job.*

So they learned from it. After being called liars and greedy money grabbers for nigh-on four years now, they've just shut their mouths. Speaking about things makes it worse, because if something gets cut or reworked, ANet gets dragged over the coals by this "community" and the optics of it generally look like shit!

So what courses of action do they have left to take? Continue talking about stuff that could get cut, reworked, or delayed and face the wrath of the community, or say as little as possible and please people when something new comes? If you can't figure out which has a better response, I'll give you a hint. It's the one where people are pleasantly surprised because a pleasant reaction has better optics than the burning, undying rage this community can muster.

So, yeah, it's no wonder ANet doesn't talk. The instant they open their mouth, there's a good chance a dozen people with punch them in the jaw depending on what they say. Some will just punch them outright. If you were in that scenario, how often would *you* open your mouth?

Exactly. That's why they keep their mouth shut. It may not be the right thing to do, but at least they keep their teeth that way. 

Now if you'll excuse me, I'm disabling inbox replies. I'm sure this will go over *very* well in this place.   
I don't know yet, to be honest. I'm staring at Destiny 2 wondering if I should pick it up. Between the Best Friends and some IRL friends and family that play, it seems like it could be a worthy pick-up. That said, the remarks about it being grindy, samey, etc is turning me off. 

If I get it, I'll be playing it. If not, I'll probably be doing my usual Guild Wars 2 shtick with a dash or two of Persona 5.
No kidding. I just bought a house this year and the way I went about it will get me smacked with capital gains taxes for sure even though I literally don't have that money anymore. Now the rebates that I'm praying will soften that blow could be swept out from under me

Cheeto Bonito has done a lot of shit that's had the potential to mess up my life as-is. Now he could tax me right out of house and home. But don't worry, guys! He's looking out for us hard-working little folks! Economic populism to counter economic anxiety! Since such a reasonable man has the reigns, I'm in no way anxious about my future to afford what is currently affordable! Hahaha!

Seriously though, fuck this current plan. 
ARR- Shiva. This is mostly on the merits of how hilarious the shift between phases was. We had this sweeping orchestral theme that just goes full J-Rock. I died because I was laughing so hard. The fight itself is fun too. 

HSW- Nidhogg. In my opinion, this is the true finale of Heavensward. This is the final boss battle. This is the end, and it's a damn good one. It's a mechanically interesting fight with *incredible* music. Easily one of the most memorable moments I've had in gaming at the end of one of the best MSQ arcs to date. 

Stormblood- I like all of them pretty equally to be honest. If I had to pick, I guess it would be Lakshmi? Shinryu is a neat fight, but it can become a slog as the fight wears on in duty finder parties. Susano is charming in a weird way because he doesn't want to corrupt and destroy. He just wants to throw the sickest rager in the world, but boy does his fight drag on. Lakshmi has atmosphere and an interesting fight with diverse mechanics that don't overstay their welcome. 
REJOOOOOOOOOICE
When's he going to go to rural New York, which are deep red counties that are rarely heard from, and tell them he's removing the rebate they'll get for living in a highly taxed state? When's he gonna tell them that he's removing rebates for their mortgage payments? When's he gonna tell them he's effectively hiking their taxes?

Probably never. They'll cheer him on as the poorest parts of the state get even more money sucked from them. They'll probably believe it's just the nasty fedj'ural gubbermint and that the diddler's hands were tied. It's the price they pay to MAGA, mirite.  
Divide the attack and defense by 1000 and use the stars as your CMC and I don't see why not.

As for hearthstone cards, you can only use physical recreations of official cards. Just assign all possible outcomes to a number and have a generator spit out a number within that range. Again, I have to stress that you *need* an official physical hearthstone card replica. We can't go around playing counterfeits and imaginary cards like savages. 
I can't find the exact source at the moment since I'm on break at work, but they've said that they're planning on releasing the first raid wing "within the same timeframe" as it was between HoT's launch and Spirit Vale.

Fractals are considered vanilla content. They haven't said (and won't say) anything about it because it's not exclusive to PoF. Honestly, I don't think we've got a solid release tempo for those yet to draw any conclusions. We've had 3 in the past year, so I guess a similar pace? More data is required. 
**Author Name** - Baxter0402

**Name of your Preset** - ITE Replica

**Description of your preset** - A long, long time ago, I found a preset for SweetFX when that first cropped up that was all about having a sharp and vibrant look in on Tyria. Obviously, the look isn't for everyone, but I liked it enough to keep it, tweak it, and carry it with me through the years. Now, with customization easier than ever and the new horizon fog removal functionality (fun fact, that variable is not integer based! [don't put whole numbers into it](https://imgur.com/a/oBCFz)!), I fiddled with the settings to get a look I think I'm happier than ever with. All images were taken with native postprocessing off entirely, native ambient occlusion, and 75% draw distance fog to minimize pop-ins. There is also no bloom effects enabled as a personal preference, but I'd recommend enabling "bloom.fx" and adjusting to taste. The vanilla settings seem just fine. 

**Screenshots of your Preset** - https://imgur.com/a/fbDuv imgur couldn't handle both the modded and vanilla screenshots at the same time. [Here's a select few](https://m.imgur.com/a/XMlJI). Others can be uploaded by request.

**Link to your Preset** - https://ufile.io/0f21x 
Bosses having no boons is actually a boon (heh) to spellbreakers. Boonless enemies give them effectively +14% damage on all of their attacks. They won't get loss aversion procs, but Sun/Moon style gives them some hefty sustain if they're running offhand dagger as a decent trade. The only other skill that has a problem with boonless foes is Break Enchantments, and it's dubious if they'll have the space to run that skill on their bar anyways. BUT I DIGRESS!

While runes are still up in the air, I think the sigils will be your typical Air/Force, but maybe a hybrid build that uses Force/Smoldering, Force/Malice, or Force/Bursting will be better? As for stats, I think Griever's armor with berserker weapons and trinkets will still get you to 100% crit chance after raid buffs so you can prioritize all runes, sigils, and consumables into condi duration and condi damage, power and ferocity, etc.

The question then becomes if the 526 extra points of condition damage outweigh the lost 63 points of power and 7.2% flat damage from the lower ferocity in full zerkersmith versus full crit grieversmith gear. Power damage is difficult to calculate, but your typical shrapnel proc would hit for 52% more damage and your typical incendiary powder proc would hit for 32% more damage. Maybe it works out. Maybe it doesn't. Only some quality time with the training golem will tell. 
I'm getting a lot less in full griever's per my math. Is this including food, banner, and spotter?      
Can you run it in all PvE scenarios? Yes. You can run damn near anything in PvE scenarios when you've got even a vaguely coherent build with good gear. I've shamelessly been running static discharge scrapper in everything *but* raids, and it wouldn't be too much effort to bring it along either. It just wouldn't be optimal. 

Without getting some solid time against the test golem, we just don't know how Holosmith will stack up with the rest of the raid meta. I get the feeling it will be more than welcomed in any comp, but what building it will be using when doing so is still up for debate. We may have to be constantly dodging and hitting bosses with mines. We may just camp in PF until we overheat and immediately camp in bomb kit after that. We may be playing an elegant dance between 50 and 150 heat as we try and make the most of our time in and out of PF. Maybe we'll use sword. Maybe it'll be a couple more years of our main weapon *really* being bomb kit with a rifle or sword/pistol as a fashion statement. 

In short, until the buildcraft people get their hands on it for real, we don't know how loved it will be in raids or what's optimal, but even now, it's easy to tell that it'll be just fine in general PvE. Most things are. That's basically a moot point. 
That's the point, basically. They want to make it so you can get the rewards from almost any gamemode by playing any of the other gamemodes. By making a specific, functional reward being exclusive to one mode, the people who play any other mode exclusively now have to play that if they want it. While some might call that incentive to try the other modes, the community called it unfair, frustrating, poor design, etc. 

That's why we now have legendary backpacks and armor for PvE, SPvP, and WvW with their own methods of acquiring them. 
FFXIV's releases come at the same pace and have roughly the same amount of content (some people argue more, but they recycle a lot of stuff and focus mostly on instances you have to grind) as GW2's and there's plenty of creators that make stuff for it on a near-daily basis.

The best explanations I can think of are that GW2's rough start leading to a loss of early adopters, the persisting negative image this game has because of it, and the lack of cultural gravitas compared to an IP like Warcraft or Final Fantasy. People couldn't make their early foothold in the community, o gave up for personal reasons. Since it didn't have an AAR-esque relaunch to mark a new beginning for the community, the only other foothold would have been HoT, which also had a problematic start. 
Necromancer, mostly because I don't like the aesthetic. 

I also don't get the appeal of Ranger and only play Druid because it's the only way I'll get respect as a healer in T4 fractals and raids. Druid feels somewhat cohesive and synergistic for two of its traitlines. 
Having poked with holosmith too, laser disk seems like a sure thing if you've got the 3/4ths of a second to activate it and you're staying in melee. The time invested to use it compared to the damage it puts out sets it at a pretty solid rate. 
You're far better off with sinister if you can get your hands on that. 
The reason why is because they start you with trashy runes and soldier's gear. Any profession hits like a wet noodle wearing stats like that.

I was disappointed too until I switched over to berseker gear, scholar runes, etc. That's when the damage really started to pick up. The trick seems to be getting as much crit chance as possible, because you're getting 14-29% damage amp with another 20% off of attacker's insight (if something survives long enough for you to stack it that high). Once I got to that point (and also traited dual wielding from arms), it felt like I was outpacing greatsword and had a hefty bit of hard CC to boot.

I'm not saying spellbreaker will dethrone Condi Berserker from either of its places of dominance in the raid meta, but it certainly seems like it's getting underestimated. Even in its current state, I'd be thrilled to bring one along in high-end fractals as a might generator.
I think magi's would be most effective, though I will admit that my experience with tempest is limited to raids. This makes me lean towards magi's and staff (both staff and WH have a magnetic aura on demand every 30 seconds) but there's a trait where you get more benefit for having a WH, sooo... 

http://gw2skills.net/editor/?vFAQJBIhdSfJ0fJWhJ4gJwhJWKBsiUwGYEQkAqABA3z6a9tC-TxxGQBk7BA4RlgA4EAoI1fajegap8bI7PQKA/2ZB-e

Infuse to taste. You're sacrificing some healing potential for maximum aura sharing potential.  
Compared to other MMOs in the industry, particular one recent, large release, it went off basically flawlessly. 

I survived Raubhan EX, Pipin EX, and the Queuepocalypse of Balmung. I highly doubt ANet can trainwreck their servers as hard as that. 
That's the official forums all the time. Pay them no mind. 
I wonder if this will be the exact same build as the first beta event or if there will be some changes to it. (cough)EliteSpecsInPvEANetPlease(cough) 
Engineer could use a solid healing/support spec, and I would play it in a heartbeat. 
I feel like people forgot /r/Guildwars2Circlejerk And /r/gw2circlejerk exist or something  
There's even been some leaked prototypes that have surfaced. I'd just imagine that given how builds work in this game between trinkets, armor, weapons, specializations, weapons that may not be able to be equipped because of specializations, outfits, gear, runes, sigils, infusions, dyes, transmutations, stat swaps on legendaries, etc, there's a lot of moving parts that they need to account for. Given all the different permutations there are, it's probably caused a gremlin or two to appear in their designs. 

Is it a shame that it's taken so long for it to come out? Yeah. It fucking sucks, but they're painfully aware that we want this, and we know they're working on it. Given their stance on feature releases, they'll probably be relatively mum on it until it's mostly bug-free, then throw it into a patch somewhere.  

I'm not saying "shut the hell up about it" because being vocal about it is a good way to keep reminding them that it's a feature we want. I'd just kinda wish that the shitposting about them intentionally not implementing it because they don't care or because they're being greedy and money-grubbing would curtail itself a bit. The community has enough of a cynicism problem as-is. 
We had twins that did that in my school district. They were almost perfectly identical, so their parents had them wear different glasses to tell them apart. This worked right up until they realized they could just switch their glasses and none would be the wiser. It took a while for them to figure that out though.

No. They weren't exactly the sharpest tacks in the box.    
Big attack incoming? More like DPS bump incoming. 
And here they said that online action does nothing! Gosh, that tune must have changed recently! 
If you're not a fan of rotations, condition ele/tempest is a solid option. You're camping fire and essentially using skills on cooldown. 

Condi revenant is largely the same where you're using weapon skills on cooldown (and in between autoattack chains) and otherwise just fire+forget a single utility skill until you're out of energy. Swap legends. Wash. Rinse. Repeat. 

Power mesmer won't give you top parse, but it's still quite serviceable. Your phantasms do the damage. Otherwise, you're just autoattacking, using two other skills, and replacing any phantasms that may die. 

If you don't mind needing to pull some high APM numbers, Daredevil is three/four skills plus dodging. You're looking to maintain your on-dodge buff and not-full-endurance buff amongst anything else. 


Depends on the gamemode. 

High end PvE (Raids/T4 Fractals) = It's four kits now. If the PoF elite spec performs well enough to become meta, it'll probably drop to one. 

General PvE (anything not listed above) = literally doesn't matter so long as you're running a cohesive build with at least full level 80 exotic gear of relevant stats. 

SPvP= You're only using Elixir gun now because it's really damn good in the gamemode. This, however, uses the scrapper elite spec, so I don't know if that's what you're down for doing. 

WvW= One or two kits. Again, you're looking to be a scrapper here, but typically they run tool kit and/or elixir gun. 
The forums are more of a collective of pissants than any other place on the internet. They'll complain about power creep one minute, then complain that a new addition to the game isn't strictly better than another. 

I wouldn't be surprised if the forums, with the exception of the bugs area, were largely ignored. 
Honestly if rifle AA DPS didn't suck as much, riflesmith could totally be a thing. You could stay at range with CC-Storm, then close in with PF2, deactivate Forge, rifle 3-5-4. It's silly. 
I've had a bit of time to reflect on my thoughts. While I do love holosmith as a PvE based DPS spec and generally like it, I have my quibbles. 

1) Photon Forge feels like an elite kit skill. An *actual* elite kit skill. It replaces your weapon skills with other, fancy skills that don't care about your regular weapon. The difference here is that it has a cooldown before you can swap out of it and the heat mechanic to limit its use. It's the stuff that would make an elite kit feel epic and awesome to use instead of something that's filling a slot (cough mortar kit cough). It makes me wonder if it started as an elite kit skill with Prime Light Beam as its corresponding toolbelt, but that's just my reflection on it. 

2) There's miniscule amounts of synergy with vanilla engineer. I get the thematic they were going for with the design, but just... No. It feels like parasitic design, where it works *great* by itself, but doesn't work as well when paired with other things. Any synergy with the core engineer is coincidence at best, and detrimental at worse. You're still stuck with shrapnel for the best DPS, but now you're stuck with Crystal Configuration- Storm *and* shrapnel. Sure, you can make some cute endurance/toolbelt/gadgeteer builds and the vent-on-dodge trait seems like it could be okay, but that's where the synergy ends. 

3) It seems like they just tacked it on by design. Think about it. Elementist, Ranger and Scourge got a ton of tweaks to their core skills and traits to accommodate their specs. Engineer got explosive powder reworked to nerf bomb damage and make it so sword could *maybe* compete with bomb kit... And it still doesn't. It probably shouldn't since PF's attacks do far more than the bomb kit, but that doesn't really exclude the fact that they could have tweaked existing weapons to have perks for having high heat. Not only would it make using them more appealing, it would also discourage just switching over to a kit out of PF because why wouldn't you if it does more damage and has a better synergy with your traits? Yes, it would require a lot of testing and balance, but it seems like the others specs took up all of the design space for alterations to the core spec, and this is what we were left with. 

4) The sword AA chain is so fucking easy to clip, and so fucking brutal when you clip it. I found a good flow to it, but it's still really weird as a whole. The CDR on the chain is also the only thing that makes it remotely playable, but with how easy it is to interrupt, I doubt I'll be getting that CDR much in PvE and approximately never in PvE. Maybe that's intentional. It makes the "glass canon" element more apparent, but goddamn does not feel good.  

5) why put walls on the dang arena when people can just walk out of it.  
Mystic coins were worthless before HoT. Now things have come about that's drained their supply and increased their demand. They're now in the neighborhood of a gold each. 
Hell, I remember when silk AND leather were 7 copper each they were the vendor fodder of crafting materials. 
Hey, I mean, between this and then excessive energy ~~nerf~~ rework, it shows that ANet *is* listening!
The rifle could be something like increased attack speed or maybe making them explosives when they impact their targets. Pistol shots could inflict shot duration burns or pierce above heat thresholds. 

Fuck it. Make 'em do anything so long as it puts them above replacement value if a fucking bomb kit autoattack. Even the current attacks available can't do that. Once you drop Forge, you're best off just switching to a bomb kit and pressing 1 and 2. 

That's just sad. 
Renegade can hand out 25 stacks of might. Math checks out. 

(it needs to blast fire fields to get the last 5 stacks of might so it really doesn't) 
S'all good. They were cut. 
While other people have directly approached how they invoke, I'll address the back half of your post about it being terrifying and dangerous. 

In short, it is. It's fucking dangerous as hell to let a fragment of the right hand man to a dead god to take the wheel for a bit. Calling out the guy responsible for turning the Jade Sea into... Well, a literal Jade Sea, is incredibly risky. The matter here is that revenants, heralds, renegades, etc just don't care. Invoking is a means to an end. Sometimes the relationship they make is beneficial. Sometimes it's confrontational. 

What matters at the end of the day is the revenant's focus and sheer force of will to contain and manipulate these legends. That's what makes them so compelling in my opinion. They're not just strong dudes like warriors, or fueled by belief like guardians. They're knowingly using something that's has its risks, but they don't care. Power is power, no matter the cost.    
Going over some preliminary math, it looks like holosmith could be power based as well. It may also be able to bend condi. It may be able to hybridize! 

... It may be so mediocre at either that it'll be shoved out of the meta. 
99 land frogfog and taxmaniacs wombo combo. It uses [[Hypnotoad]] and 69 (nice) mountains to draw your deck and force your opponent to scoop. The name comes from older versions using fog effects including [[Fog Frog]], death and taxes creatures, and [[Science Guy Card Draw Winner Dude]]. It's cut a lot of those for the sick discard to hand size draw a card combos with [[Frog God]]. SO. MUCH. VALUE. 

You gotta use mountains though. Trolls the shit outta [[Red-Sky Spheroid]] players.

Edit: LardFetcher Machine 🅱️roke and shows seance for the last card but seance is a spicy add. You need the 69 (nice) mountains though so just run a 71 card deck. Works for chord in modern mirite? 
I wager that the belief that some people are inferior and should be removed from society/openly advocating violence against them is of a different magnitude than the above examples.  

Put it into perspective. 

"he didn't make a cake for me because I'm gay" versus "he didn't make a cake for me because I think America is only for the whites and everyone else should be removed."

"he refused to hire me because I'm a Muslim" versus "he refused to hire me because I said that whites are inherently superior to minorities."

"he fired me because I voted for Obama" versus "he fired me because I believe jews should be exterminated" 
As I saw a post put so eloquently, these people want to be supremacists on the weekends and treated like everyone else the rest of the week. The people they claim to be superior to can't change their race. They have to live with how they're treated for it every day. 

Let the minority-by-choice live with the consequences of their decision. 
Don't know if this helps either, but I've generally noticed that when the boss drops focus on the tank, they walk towards their "home." VG will walk back to the center. Sloth will walk to where he wakes up. Etc. 

I won't even begin to assume how the code is written, but that behavior seems like it might lead to pinning down whatever the bug is.   
They also ban in waves to try and obfuscate what methods/exploits have been covered over instead of instant bans. 
Why were so many of the posts that had chat codes for elite spec traits and skills removed? They had a lot of useful information that couldn't be copied over to the wiki before that happened. Only the soulbeast one seems to be left. 
Men cooking: because if you want to eat, you should know how to make food that you want to eat and not rely on anyone else to make it because they won't be there forever 
It even has the storm configuration skills for the autoattack! Thank you! 
She's the "hacker friend"/"guy at the computer" archetype, so I wouldn't get hopes too high for that. 
Because not everyone cares about fitting the raid meta and just wants play something they enjoy? 
Condition damage warrior requires a bit of piano work, but power warrior is mostly dropping a banner or two, then beating the tar out of someone with your greatsword. The trickiest part of that build is waiting for hundred blades to finish before moving to your next skill. 
If you care about being meta as it stands right now, revenant has a complex rotation that juggles your weapon skill cooldowns, energy costs, autoattack timing, and maintaining proper energy consumption. Power Herald builds don't put out enough damage to be considered meta, but gets decent amounts of mileage swapping stances before your energy runs out and autoattacking. It's a great build for just roaming about the world alone or casual dungeons/fractals. 

Conversely, guardian doesn't even have energy to worry about, is not punished anywhere near as much as revenant is for messing up their autoattack (if the weapon you're using even has a chain for it). Your utility skills are more situational and reactionary through. They are capable of putting out decent damage, and may become a powerful support spec in the expansion. 

If you're looking for simplicity, I'd say guardian. Heck, I'd say warrior, but you weren't asking for that. 
If you're a fan of emotional/psychological/existential stuff, you should play the DRK story quests. That'll probably be right up your alley. 
What we know: they're working on it. 

What we don't know: when, if ever, it will hit live. 
There goes my hopes of a might generator renegade. I don't think it can hit 25 stacks off of citadel orders without massive concessions to boon/might duration. 
Just because an aspect of a culture is common doesn't mean it should be accepted. That's like saying "people blame the victims of a crime for committing the wrongdoing all the time, so why bother stopping?" 

In this case, it's the "no redemption" part of outrage culture. They made a mistake. They must be punished in the most brutal way possible. There can be no forgiveness or chance to fix their mistake. 

It's a childish mentality that promotes pseudo self-righteousness, and it should be discouraged any place where people are expected to be civil. 
Agreed. Critique should be welcomed on the sub, but it should be leveled critique. Comments demanding for the harm to the devs in any form (and if you've ever been fired from a job before for a mistake, you know how harmful that can be for your well-being.) should be a reportable offense. 
For real. I'll be reading a post and go "this sounds reasonable." I'll understand the critique right up until they say "AND SOMEBODY NEEDS TO BE FIRED." Then my opinion quickly turns to "Nevermind. Fuck you and fuck your opinion."

I'd wager these people may not have worked environments similar to development, but if someone got fired for a somewhat logical design decision that had unforseen consequences, the turnover in every industry would be colossal. But people aren't allowed to make mistakes these days. Outrage culture permeates all aspects of life. Lessons must be brutal. Redemption should never come. 
I think griever's will become the filler stat once you hit 100% condition duration. It may find a home in hybrid builds, but I am skeptical of their viability still. 
People will likely forget that he's a bit eccentric and call for the heads of the creative team on the forums and reddit if he's even the slightest bit silly. 
A lot of mine are turned off by the lack or a hardline trinity or just don't have the time in their schedules to check it out. It's a shame since GW2 is my main squeeze in terms of MMOs and I want to stay connected with them when my interest in FFXIV wanes again. 
Or just discarded altogether. I still have a blue ??? sitting in my thief's inventory. 
Gives you more control on where you'll land than mesmer down skill 2! 
While I am not the spreadsheet guy, weaving in a blowtorch between AA chains (when under quickness and without alacrity) may still be beneficial. It allows sword 2 to come off cooldown, and that may be above replacement value for an autoattack when above 50% heat.  
The best usage I can see for offhand would be for pistol. Weaving in one half-second-cast skill between AA chains *when under quickness and not alacrity* smooths out part of your rotation, and blowtorch fits that role nicely. Glue shot is less useful, but may be cute for setting up a perfect prime light beam on trashmobs/panicking players?  
WvW: You will have all the friends for running a rev in a zerg. Just be ready for hella conditions when you use pain absorption.

PvP: Last I checked, they were pretty decent if a little hard to play.

PvE: It doesn't matter in the open world in the slightest as long as your build is vaguely cohesive. In raids, you'll have to run a condition spec to be optimal in the most encounters. There are a couple fights where a healer revenant is very useful, but it's only a couple of fights.
Condi rev pulls respectable DPS even on immobile targets now. If you *need* to fill a slot in your party, it's better than nothing. 
Second only to "An open letter to..."
Least favorite: Draconis Mons. If I wanted another tangled depths... Well, I don't. The layering and limited access points through these layers made this map a nightmare to go through. I'm finishing the achievements for this zone and never going back again. 

Favorite: Tie between Lake Doric and Siren's Landing. The Krytan and Orrian aesthetics are ones that I love, and I rather enjoy what's going on with those maps. Not perfectly safe to navigate, but not frustrating due to hammer snipers, getting frozen solid, etc. 
I legitimately blame the excessive energy change on WP's power engineer video. He's the most visible person that suggested the trait swap to when your endurance *wasn't* full. 

As a DD main for raids but an engineer main for everything else, I realized off the bat why it's terrible for all the reasons it's sketchy for DD and close to detrimental (if not entirely detrimental) for warriors. DDs get the perk of amping up a damage type and dealing some damage on dodge ON TOP of their not-full endurance trait. That's one of the things that mitigates damage lost from dodging. Vigor only compounds this problem for warriors and now engineers. It's really dulled my enjoyment of the spec, but with holosmith on the horizon, I'm cautiously optimistic (but highly skeptical) for power options in the future.

Now if only ANet would react to other community figures talking about detrimental traits and trying to approach those. (cough)GotL(cough) 
Sifting through a mountain of spaghetti to solve a buggy skill that could have impacts on other skills depending on what part is buggy is nowhere near a parallel to adding a few more commander tags. 
Utterly empty and in the degloving stage of death. /s

Population is doing just fine and the community is probably as active as its been since launch. Season 2 is good in terms of story and has some nice achievements and rewards. Heart of Thorns is worth the price of entry for the elite specs, gliding, and the PvE experiences alone. The story starts strong but shows its rushed nature by the end. Season 3 adds a ton of new maps, achievements, and generally stuff to do if you're a fan of exploration. Mileage may vary on the story. Some people are infuriated by it. Some people enjoyed it. The instances demand competency from your play and will be frustrating endeavors if you expect to just autoattack your way through them without thinking. 

I wager it went f2p just go try and get more people to poke at it. The game is still doing quite well financially in spite of its age. 
Hijacking this post to add that it does appear to be race specific or at least only available on some races/gender combinations. 
Triple Triad from FFXIV manages to be pretty tame in spite of the cash shop. In fact I don't think there's any Triple Triad stuff on Mogstation. 
Out of curiosity, would the traits for the new elite specs be in the DAT file? Some of them didn't get grabbed by the community, so seeing those would be really neat 
That would be lit. A quality mobile tcg that links with your in-game account and could possibly pass data in-between. Heck, even one way through the api to the phone app. Give mobile players a reason to poke the game on PC, and people playing it in-game a reason to play the mobile app. 
As a huge tcg nerd, I am both incredibly excited and incredibly nervous. I want it to be real and I want it to be *good.* Hopefully not a microtransaction disaster and more like Belcher's Bluff. 

Edit: what's the sauce on these? I don't see them in Shaman's post. Figured he'd tease them. 
Yes. This will immediately make you MLGPro Raid and CM100 ready. All of my effort is invalidated. What the heck ANet.

/s
I'm not sure if it's better or worse than ARR's initial trailers for western audiences. 
Guild Wars 2: New Empire. Bringing the ~~ponzi scheme~~ successful financial model of another popular franchise to Tyria! /s

In all honesty, I could maybe see something like GW1 going mobile *a la* FFXI supposedly getting a mobile port. The pace of the game and inputs would also need very little in the way of updating compared to trying to make an action MMO work. 
Scrybal, if I may. 
And here I thought this was going to be about informed consent services. 
If you haven't played the last three chapters and managed to not have the "twist" of who Lazarus is spoiled to you yet, yes. It will spoil you. Otherwise, I don't recall any specific spoilers from the gameplay footage shown already. 
Holy shit. When did today become a week ago?! 
Let's try to address your points.

1) Like I said in another post, find your carrot. If you're into gear prog, get full ascended. Then get stat'd infusions. Then strive for legendary weapons and armor. If you like fashion, hunt down specific skins. If you're an achievement hunter, I have fantastic news for you! There's a fuckload of achievements. Like scavenger hunts and collecting things? Collections are in the achievement tab. Go nuts. 

2) PvE content doesn't *require* a healer, but having one makes life easier. Only raids really have a proper tank, and some encounters don't even have one at all. Because agro can't be perfectly controlled, if you don't have mechanical awareness, you're gonna have a bad time. As for your raid experience, it sounds like you were with a group of bads. With the exception of wing 2, the first bosses are cake. I'd suggest finding a guild that is willing to teach you the fractals, raid encounters, and dungeons.

3) The meta for PvP and WvW is on the verge of getting a shake-up through today's balance pass and later, the expansion. While not the best advice, it may be best to wait until those drop to poke at them. A way to get a fresh perspective though would be to play a supporter. 
GW2 doesn't throw you carrots and say that if you don't fetch it, you'll eventually be so irrelevant that you'll be hard locked from content. It's a garden, and the person tending to it says you can pick what you want. You may have trouble getting at some of the drops, but the attendant themselves won't ever stop you. 

Unlike other MMOs where things like gear prog is essential to continue playing, GW2 puts its progression into things on the side. By and large, you do it because you want to. Not because you have to. You find your own goals, work towards them, and eventually get to them. Be it certain skills, prestigious items like legendaries, achievements, collections, etc. Some people don't like the less implicit direction, and that's okay. 

The exception to this is infusions and ascended armor for high-end fractals. You need agony resistance if you're going to do the higher levels. It's one of the only hard gates there is in the game aside from a mastery or two. 
And then ANet has a very small, well-defined pool of people to investigate because if they weren't at the media event, they wouldn't know. 
I mean, at least he hovered long enough to get a tooltip? That's more than a lot of folks gave us. 
That works right up until the moment they craft a piece of legendary armor. Then they're suddenly down some LI. To correct this would mean having to scan the entire account for a piece of legendary armor. But that piece could be transmuted or from another gamemode, so is it really worth the 25 LI? They could be a veteran raider sitting on a full set of armor but with only 30ish LI afterwords. If the filters can't plan for that exception, they get caught in it too.

You could see how it'd be a little complex. 
I didn't include the tools line traits because it seems like dropping either Explosives or Firearms would be a DPS loss for condition builds (losing either shrapnel or incindiary powder). That said I do think endurance regen caps at 10/second and would get there organically with vigor and implant. I didn't think about Elixir R though! 
Not really. Then you just play between 50 and 150 instead of 100 and 150.

If you step out of PF at 145, you have 6 seconds above 100 and 5 seconds above 50. Play your cards right and then only thing you'll miss out on is crit chance (which you'll probably still overcap at +50 heat) 2 seconds of quickness (likely provided by party/squad members anyways), some might (same case as quickness) and a little extra damage on sword 2 (which could still be on cooldown). 

The rotation world probably work out if you drop sword 3 and 2 before going below 100 Heat, then going back into PF around 80 heat. 
I'll need to get my hands on it, but that trait looks pretty *dodgy* overall.

With quickness and PF 1 not being traited, it looks like you could fit 3 or possibly 4 dodges in, which puts you up to 14ish seconds before overheating. Then it starts getting a little too silly to sort out for me at the moment with cooling/enhanced cooling against dodging. 

It could be a neat trait. It could be top parse for one of the builds. It just seems a little sketchy at the moment. 
You generate 2 heat per second passively when on PF. 3 with the minor trait. Read the Photon Forge tooltip. 
He only got Spellbreaker, Weaver, Deadeye, and Holosmith. 
If I'm doing my math correctly, trying to stay between 100 and 150 heat with the 150 heat trait could be pretty disastrous. Why? *Quickness.*

The first attack in Forge not having a cast time seems a little sketchy, so let's assume that it's got a half second like the other ones. This means that through your main attack chain alone, you're generating roughly 4 heat per second. Give yourself quickness, and now you're generating 8 heat per second. Add the baseline heat generation per second, and you're at 10 per second. 

If you activate PF at *exactly* 100 heat, you won't be able to deactivate it for six seconds. At 10 heat per second under quickness, you'll overheat in 5. With 150 heat, you'll be locked out of PF for a little under *17 seconds!* Oh. And you'll be domed for 20% or your HP up front with an additional 20% lost over the next 2.5 seconds. Yeowch.

Tl;dr- Quickness could cause your 100-150 heat holosmith to blow themselves up. This spec is silly.  
Hopefully they see this comment. 

It's a good video! The one thing I can suggest is that it looks like your video is resampling, which can turn your footage smeary and fuzzy. 

I only know how to turn this off in Vegas, but if you disable resampling, it will probably result in cleaner footage.  
Having to sacrifice something is the point that makes specs compelling. Sure, it can go a little too far, but generally the goal is to sacrifice something for another thing. 
Unfortunately, Bog didn't have the time to capture any footage for Firebrand. He got spellbreaker because he's a Warrior main. He also got weaver, deadeye, and holosmith before I guess his window ran out? 

All of these are from his Tuesday stream on Twitch and are just re-uploads of the raw footage with a bit of VO. 
Basically all it'll do there is make you float into Oblivion slowly instead of flat-out falling.  EB and the borderlands have defined floors. 

That's my best guess at their logic anyways.
While I know this is a fluff/shitpost, the reason why is because this is their old YouTube account. While you can eventually change your name, your URL will not. These people/companies wager that a little goofy URL is better than losing the base currently following that channel. 

It's pretty common with bigger youtubers who started on personal channels and grew, or corporate channels where their focus or name changed. Phil DeFranco is still sxephil. Kinda Funny is still GameOverGreggy. Etc. 
Destiny is a FPS, so while you may not understand what's happening, understanding isn't essential to enjoying the pretty colors and obvious enemies. It's a little apples/oranges from a visual perspective. (edit: also there's the crucible, which throws the game into the multi-player FPS PvP arena. That genre has mass appeal on twitch for some reason.)

FFXIV is based off of one of the most well-known RPG franchises in history and is the second largest MMO in the world. While it's equally if not more incomprehensible than GW2, the raw population of the playerbase and the iconography of the enemies can easily catch a few eyes. 

As for BDO... Never played it, so I have no clue? It's probably pretty and easy to understand with a diehard playerbase? That's my best guess.  
Bogotter showed all of the traits, but it's on his stream. He may put the raw footage into YouTube. 
I'd say $20 off is a good bonus for veteran players. Better than some goofy cosmetics or account fluff. 
They don't. People are just getting stuffy about it again. 
This is far more optimistic than the ESO expansion drinking game, which is quite surprising given the natures of the two subreddits. 
I've also seen a rare {Hellfrog Medium} from people who are used to pre-stormblood autotranslate for hello 
And something compelling to run too. A weird healer spec that isn't obsolete to druid. A cool tank spec that isn't strictly worse than chrono. A DPS spec where the rotation is more compelling than camping in bomb kit and using toolbelt skills on cooldown to get a solid amount of your DPS. Anything, really. 
Conversely, I've worked at a company where, if you had open a first aid kit, you had to report it. If it was reported, it was in the *daily* health and safety memo that listed *every* accident and near miss that occurred in the region. They also didn't have band-aids anywhere but in the first aid kit. 

Suffice to say, getting a papercut was a very awkward experience. 
I think it has something to do with an "anti-SJW" mindset at this point. Most people use singular they on a daily basis without even considering it, but the moment it *requires* consideration, it can become a point of controversy. 

English speakers will use singular they in situations where it's cut and dry and easy to use because it's more simple. Why would you apply a gender to someone who forgot an umbrella? It's the proper antecedent of indeterminate gender. They don't think about using it in those scenarios because, frankly, it makes sense. The exception to this is referencing someone's job, where some use stereotypes to apply a gender to something. That the nurse will always use "she" until proven otherwise. That chef at a restaurant will always be "he" until proven otherwise. You'll see this most often on the internet, where folks often use "he" for everyone unless otherwise prompted.

There's been a precedent for using singular they as from as far back as the 1500s, but in the mid 1850s, where grammar schools and even a bit of parliamentary legislation pushed for the usage of singular he. As they were the lawmakers and educaters of the time, it pushed the debate to using singular he. Now it's swinging back to "they" as a concession to gender neutrality in speech for the reasons above. No sense gendering the unknown. 

The controversy arises in using singular they as a "neutral pronoun" for someone who ascribes themself as nonconforming to the binary genders. People argue that this usage is grammatically incorrect, even though it *technically* is? Most sentences flow the same way they would when using "they" the neutral antecedent form, but people consider that illogical, unclear if you're referring to an individual or group (a problem the word's had since the 1500s), or *too politically correct* and conceding to those goshdarn wacky SJWs, liberals, etc. 

This (especially the latter) causes pushback from using singular they, but then what do you use? Some people go back to using singular they without realizing it. Some people actively switch to singular he. Some people use the stereotypical pronouns. Some people make their own pronouns to express neutrality, one of the fist happening in the 1800 as "ou/ous."

Probably more than you wanted to know about the subject matter, but there it is. 
I had a similar conversation with the usage of singular they. He arrived at the conclusion that the dictionary, multiple style guides, and historical analysis of the english language (and, of course, the SJWs) were wrong. 
Yeah, honestly I loved it. That panic when I saw that my autoattack had a cooldown and wondering how the hell I'm ever going to win. That spark of realization when I looked at the tooltip and heard Caithe scolding me felt wonderful. I wasn't mad for a moment for that entire fight, but... I dunno. I guess they can't make the stuff this level of subtle because it must have been too abstract? 
Directs are a great comparison to what this'll be like. Those things dish out *tons* of information when they're not messing about with some sketch comedy. Not a ton of pomp and circumstance. Hand the viewers the dirt on the product and say goodbye. 

No breaks for audience applause, less systems to explain since some stuff that is assumed to be returning (elite specs, guild halls, the mastery system) won't need to be detailed as much. Definitely won't have to wait for cheering and applause. Probably won't have Jen Hale coming in as the hypemaster. Add in a hype cycle were they talk about features over the coming weeks and months, and 30 minutes doesn't sound like some sorta anemic, heartbreaking disappointment like some folks are making it out to be. 

Also, it fits in my lunchbreak. :D
As others have pointed out, the reason Anise couldn't tell you in spite of her observations of the commander is because of the oath. 

The fantasy genre at large isn't exactly known for characters who think far in advance. Usually every dangerous ritual, binding pact, or risky military decision is met with a snappy affirmative. Doesn't excuse it, of course, but that doesn't make it bad. It's a trope, and tropes are tropes for a reason. They're pervasive in the media. It just so happens that instead of the owness of the ritual being extrinsic (like, say, a military operation against an unknown enemy, jumping into that one cave because the answer may lie at the end of it), it's intrinsic. The risks fall solely on the commander. That's what I'm guessing makes it feel so terrible to people. (that and the unpolished mess of a cutscene). 

I agree that the omission of Braham is problematic. It almost feels like it was cut content from the patch with how abruptly that happened. Better than ignoring the thread altogether, I suppose, but it tucked a thread that was currently loose, so I'm less irked by it than I would have been if it was ignored. I hope they touch on it in the expansion, but I'm also not getting my hopes up too high. 

I can understand the new and trendy irritation with the writing being snarky as fantasy typically isn't snarky save one or two characters. Frankly I think the community brought this on ourselves to an extent. We keep saying we like the snarky characters, so ANet makes a lot of snarky characters. Turns out they went too far. The expansion will probably be full of this stuff, and then they'll dial it back if their metrics reflect what reddit is saying. In fairness, I don't mind the humor so much. Its a departure from the haughty, high fantasy nonsense that a lot of other RPGs dwell in. Just my opinion there though. 

Once more, it seems only a handful of people on this sub understand what a deus ex machina is. The argument is very worn over. Just search the debates in the sub about it for reasons why. 

So I dunno. Frankly I think this sub is devolving into its usual, cynical, salt-fueled hatejerk, since that's just the culture of the sub. No, the writing isn't stellar. Their execution could certainly be better. The writing isn't the worst thing to ever happen to any game ever. It's certainly not the low point for game itself too. Just look at the end of the personal story. There's some *actual* deus ex machina. 

Frankly I think the biggest sin was the Livia reveal and how, unlike Lazarus, had *zero* context placed along the critical path of the story. Your character seems to know who she is, but people who didn't play GW1 or do their homework probably had *no fucking clue* who she was or why she's important. That's just... That part's really tough, but as a person who's played GW1, it didn't really color my enjoyment. 

The chapter was okay. *Just* okay. It has some flaws. We should voice our critiques, but at the same time, it's not the utter trashfire that this sub makes it out to be. 
I wouldn't be surprised if that's what they had in mind for that sequence. 
I don't see this as anything that's different for a PC in *any* game moving to so something with incredible risk for the greater good. 

Think about it. How would Prophecies have been different if, when they explain what's up with the Mursaat and that you should fight them, that your character could say "fuck that!" because they're invisible, immortal, and use magic that could cook you alive in an instant. What of when you ascend? That ritual wasn't without risks, but the PC does it unshakingly because it's what has to be done. The GW2 campaign would be in a different position if you just said "hell no!" to fighting the elder dragons, to sending a fuckload of airships into uncharted, dragon controlled territory, to really any of the tough decisions you've had to make. You may think it's a terrible idea. Your character may think it's a terrible idea. The problem is that it's a sacrifice that had to be made to reach the objective. 

The selfless sacrifice of safety and security for benefit is a quintessential bit of the hero's journey. Attempting to remove these aspects from it removes a hefty portion of conflicts a hero must face. It makes their gains outside of directly assaulting their current problem head-on look simplistic and bland. They look like freebies. Things you're just given because lolprotagionist. No stakes. No strings. No *point* for that action. I could also guarantee that without *some* sort of pain to get this knowledge in-game, a chunk of reddit would be screaming bloody murder about how it was too easy to get this information. 

That being said, the ritual cutscene was unpolished as hell and immediately put a bad taste in my mouth, but the plot thread grew on me as I realized it's just another risk that has to be taken. The only difference is that the agency of the risk is on the character directly and not the big bad, the whimsy of a ritual from hundreds of years ago, your seemingly impossible to defeat antagonists, etc. They really should have driven that, as well as maybe making your character have the option to be reluctant, but convinced it has to be done. 

Player agency is neat and all, but there comes a point where it has to be revoked, even to the point of there not even being an illusion of choice, to proceed with the narrative and give the conflict high stakes or the trial some risk.  
I disagree that this is the worst. Frankly, I find that statement more than a little hyperbolic having recently replayed S2 and HoT for achievements. I also *liked* the end S1, so that comparison falls flat? That said, it's also not the best. 

It has its issues for sure. The signaling of some encounters could be improved, but I liked that you had to figure some things out. Mechanically speaking, the fact that I had to look at my buff bar and read stuff in combat to solve the fight mechanic is... Well, I won't say "sad" because it's really neat mechanically. If they had a way to signal it without having to "play the UI and not the game," I think it would have been better received. (especially since ANet said not playing the UI was an important element of the game once upon a time.) 

As for the difficulty of the encounters themselves... The "git gud" mentality is reductive and harmful. "Possible doesn't mean it's good" is also another aspect I try to keep in mind, but I didn't struggle with them at all. I wasn't playing a raid meta build. I wasn't wearing best in slot gear. I approached the encounters with an open mind and adapted my strategy to what happened. Big, scary set of AoEs traveling in lines? Pull back to range and fight from there until it ends. What's this debuff? There must be a way to cleanse it. Huh. Those specters are allied. What happens if I interact with them. Oh neat. A special action skill. Is this a puzzle? Doing this causes that. I see how to solve this!... So yeah, I dunno. Open-minded and flexible approach won the day with minimal pain? I guess not everyone approaches games like that? Lord knows I've seen enough salt to turn the great lakes into saltwater from the little puzzle alone, but it didn't ruffle my feathers one bit. 

Back on the signaling from a literary perspective, they could have explained why Balthazar ditched the last aspect in the vault better. They could have explained that you need energies from all five other gods to open Abby's reliquary with more than a sentence that they keep their most secret shit in there.  (Like "Because they entrusted him with their darkest secrets, they made a pact that all must be present to open his vaults." Boom. Problem mostly solved.) It was originally Abaddon's traps to protect the secrets, but Balthazar repurposed them. Lazarus bring weaker could have been explained more directly than showing Livia damaging an aspect and her saying a little more than the shining blade was a fancy sword. Explain that it consumes souls and stuff. Sure, you're telling instead of showing, but some people need it to be more explicit and with less prior knowledge. 

It felt like there was actually things in the story instead of "Opening instance. Walk around map. Ending instance. See you in three months." It felt *cinematic* I suppose. A nice flow with some epic moments. A good balance with the zone tasks not being *bullshit* to fill as the readiness bar for episode 4. It addressed some of the loose threads, and managed to point us in the direction of the crystal desert more elegantly than "fucking scarlet is back on her bullshit from beyond the grave" of early S2. 

It all boils down to an issue if ANet not signaling things well. This foes from little things like dialogue and single sentences that'd easily clear things up, or being less obtuse/sudden with their major lore points. As a fan of soulsborne games, things being implicit and environmental didn't bug me much. The vagueness of it all left room for me to speculate, experiment, get a little buzz over solving a puzzle, indulge in the machinations of the world, etc. 

As for the shining blade thing, that cutscene could have been done with a *lot* more polish. When approaching it from the side of a human character, joining the SB would be a *massive* honor if you're loyal to the crown. It's sketchy when you're a non-human, but looking at it from the perspective of the commander, it makes more sense. The risk is the price to pay for getting the knowledge to stop Tyria from collapsing (and frankly I think it's just needless suspense that'll never get touched again). It *is* a bit of a cost to player agency, but sometimes that had to be discarded for the sake of a cohesive narrative. Learned that one from some quests in FFXIV. 

So, again, not the worst. It continues down the path of ANet not signaling things in mechanics and narrative, and that's obviously frustrating to some. That frustration can color the feelings people have on the release overall. In spite of that, I enjoyed it and think it's far from the worst. 
I did it with my nonsense scrapper build with little problem. Conversely, a friend on condi warrior struggled a lot. 

I don't know. It seems like a soulsborne-esque moment of some people having a ton of trouble and some people having no trouble for inexplicable reasons. 
The only thing it changes for scrapper is the grenade barrage animation. There's also a little more sound to it, I think? 

https://imgur.com/txB8XOu
If they've learned anything from the last go-around, they need to provide value to existing players that counterbalances the value of getting HoT with the expansion for new players. Even though other MMOs have done this recently with no upside to existing players (many of whom don't even know they previous expansions come with the most current), it was something that has proven to be an *extreme* pain point for GW2's community (at least on reddit.)

I would hope that in order to curtail this, there's something like accounts made before (day) get additional cosmetics like finishers, gliders, ~~mount skins~~, outfits, armor sets, boosters, etc. These would *need* to be items that cannot be capped on accounts, as there will be a deluge of veteran players that will say "This bank/character/bag slot they threw in is useless! I'm already maxed out on them!" This would give incentive for existing players to pre-order and provide a small window for F2P players to buy HoT *and* pre-order expac 2.

Once that's aside, you have the expansion-specific pre-order bonuses like finishers, gliders, ~~mount skins~~, boosters, outfits, gems, etc. They could resemble the same kinda layout the HoT pre-order bonuses were, and so long as value is provided to existing customers, there will hopefully be *less* of a shithurricane than there was when HoT's pre-order surfaced. 
That goes without saying? What I'm trying to get across is that if they blatantly lie while under oath, is anyone going to care? It's already happened in this administration and all we've seen is "concern."
Yeah, but will they be held accountable when they decide to commit perjury, or will the right continue to be *deeply concerned* as our nation is subject to further corruption. 
Not FFXIV, but we were ready to pull the boss when someone who was brought in as a sub yelled "Cinnamon Buns! They're in the oven!" and a bit of thudding. We all sat in silence for a few moments before we all made a few confused noises as we tried to figure out what happened. 

He returned a few minutes and explained that he put cinnamon buns in the oven before we asked him to join for the night. As he was setting up, he forgot about them and they started to burn. 
This is a bit different that the turnone leaks or the Kozilek leak. They're not intentionally posting clearly visible versions of cards that haven't been previewed yet. They just accidentally posted an image they thought was safe, but happens to contain stuff that hasn't been revealed yet. If memory serves, even WotC has done stuff like this before. 

The worst trouble they'll get in is a rep contacting them and saying "just be more careful in the future" if I had to wager.  
Ulrich. His card is a utter failure in flavor and design for a legendary werewolf. It only fits insofar as it says "legendary creature- werewolf" on it. Nothing else about it is for for any sort of tribal werewolf strategy. He's the leader of one of the plane's most powerful howlpacks, but all he does is occasionally buff anything and occasionally punch not-werewolves. There's nothing that exemplifies leadership or care about his tribe except he can't punch them. That's it. 
Someone getting angry over something isn't even them getting "triggered." A trigger is something that causes a traumatic sensation (ie a flashback of some sort) to occur and cause duress to the person in question. 

These people aren't getting triggered. They're just fucking morons who have little way to express themselves aside from making angry noises that are occasionally understandable. 
It's semi-standard practice for stores to put a release date that's the end of a calendar quarter close to when it's going to release. Since most people are ballparking October/November for the launch date, it's closer end of calendar Q3 than calendar Q4, so they put it at the end of calendar Q3.  
I'd hoard a bit. I'd leak a bit. What I'd try to do first would be to meet up with the people that'd later become my friends before I did in this timeline. 
That was broken (in ANet's eyes) with the rifle. 
Looks like this patch's legendary weapon is a hammer judging by the footfalls, taking things into battle, etc. Maybe the flavor is that it's Malchor's hammer?
Considering the footfalls, I'd say it's this patch's legendary weapon. 
Jebro does a lot of Engineer/Scrapper SPvP and I believe he streams some of that? If not, he puts stuff up on YouTube. 
It breaks the symmetry of how I remember royal roads, but fuck it. I'll take a crit buff for my party members.
You should listen to the podcast. Unless their tune has changed in recent weeks, it was a steady cadence of "how are they this stupid?" and "I have a conspiracy theory..."

Seth is about the only one that maintains a modicum of positivity and avoids cynicism in most circumstances. 
Same. I won't even step through the gate until everyone is out of the cutscene. Since I'm either tank or healer, they don't have much of an option but to wait when it comes to any content higher up than Brayflox. 
Let's not forget that he's part of a site that gets a lot of business from the aggregation and publication of data WotC releases, and that that site also gets *incredibly* positive responses to providing negative critique of decisions that WotC makes. 

Don't get me wrong, I'm not sure this is the best approach to keeping formats diverse/un-solved, but the stub for the article saying "and why is it the wrong choice?" makes no attempt to mask the conflict of interest. 
You can, however, turn them off in any chat tab you have. 
It's a tradition thing. Most RP is done in the short-range public channel because it behaves most like speaking. You can hear it. The person next to you can hear it. Someone close-by could overhear it and drop in. People who are far away can't hear it. 

Honestly, most people I know of *have* retreated to party and squad chats in spite of the technical downsides because of the hostility people hold towards RPers who are just doing normal things. Like, it's understandable to drag ERPers in public channels, but if it's characters just shooting the bull over a book cart, just let folks have their fun.  

Even if they had a "private" channel that behaves like /say, people would still crash it and grief because it's there. 
It's different strokes for different folks. I know. People who were upset by that moment. I personally was like "oh no how terrible /s" and was annoyed by my character's resistance. In fact, I'm hard-pressed to think of a moment in a game where where a character asks for death and I *don't* want to pull the trigger to end the melodrama. 

I've had moments where I've been amped as hell but nobody else cared or met my enthusiasm with a hearty "how could you be even remotely pleased by that? They just destroyed the entire plot of the game! It's terrible! It's the literal worst thing they've ever done!" 

So yeah, people have their opinions, are welcome to share them, and shouldn't be taken as universal gospel when you could form your own. 
It always baffles me when I hear someone say "It's new technology!" or "It's such a great idea!" or "This would totally work!" 

Yes. Dehumidifiers are bleeding edge tech that literally nobody has ever seen. Putting solar panels where they'll never be operating at peak efficient and have shadows thrown on them is a fantastic idea. That theoretical "could power the entire USA" energy source in Nevada is perfect for giving energy to the Maine because transfer is perfectly efficient and loseless. 
I mean, Destiny is what lead me back to Warframe. If I wanted to play a sci-fi grindfest, I'd want it to be fast paced and have valid stealth and melee options. One of those games fits the description perfectly, and it ain't Destiny. 
You should look into the release of Stormblood for an analog to a low information release. Fans were left mostly in the dark with the exception of some bare-bones knowledge of content (2 new jobs. 2 primals. 8 player raid content later. Deep dungeon later later. 24 player raid later later later. All of which announced, followed by a months-long lull.) two weeks before release, they dump basically everything. 

Not knowing *sucked,* but it reduced the release drama solely to server issues (of which there were many). The weak dribble of information that was provided post announcement created similar 10-minute breakdown videos of single screenshots, and all of this happened *after* the expansion was officially announced at that. It was remarkably successful at generating excitement. Considering that model worked quite well, it wouldn't be surprising to see a similar model albeit with a *little* more chatter because elite specs are a big deal. 

Compare that to the launches if Heavensward and HoT, where both were met with disastrous amounts of rage by the communities for broken promises and false advertising that were addressed in the following months and years my releases by their respective developers. Add in some design missteps (the overtuning of Gordias and the bugs of Midas, legendary armor, etc.) and you can start to see why Square and seemingly ANet are playing it close to the vest for their release. The optics were miserable, and only one of them managed to completely recover from the negative press at their expansion launch. 

That being said, again, the new expansion hasn't been officially announced yet and only vaguely teased. For all we know, we'll get a fantastic offering of what the expansion contains over the coming 3/4 months after it's announced. From leaks, we can expect there to be at least a *little* meat on its bones, but those are leaks, and things can change.    
BY OGDEN'S HAMMER! WHAT SAVINGS! 
Fascinating vicious cycle, isn't it? And yet the industry has come to the conclusion that not disclosing a lot yields the more beneficial outcomes for reception and finances. I can't imagine why. 
And that's why people were dissecting the spider-man shirt in the first place :V
The mods removed it because there wasn't any source. Could have just been some hastily produced fan stuff. 
Companies bring cagey about their expansion and its content is pretty standard for everyone *except* WoW. Reason being that if they say something in passing and it's either cut or slated to be added later on in the post-expansion update cycle, the world will be consumed by the flames of "LIES! BROKEN PROMISES! FALSE ADVERTISING! DEMAND REFUNDS! DESTROY THEM! MAKE THEM PAY!" It's not exactly the lense companies want to put their new product under, nor is it exclusive to GW2. 

Blizz had the resources and playerbase to churn out everything in spite of the state it's in, so they can afford some negative PR with people saying "garrisons suck" and working on them later. 
Man, people will try to glean hints on expansion content off of the clothing a speaker at a presentation wears if they're sufficiently thirsty for info. 

See: FFXIV and the spider-man shirt = Samurai 
We have a guy in our raid group that uses nevermore on his Daredevil. The particle effects are amazing. 
Even though it means things aren't going so well when you have to use it, getting to LB3 as a healer has to be the hypest shit in this game. It's not mundane like a DPS or planned like a tank. You've got the nuclear option on your hotbar, and you're a *healer.*

It's epic right up until they stand in the bad again and die. 
GW2 is my main and FFXIV is my break, but my 2 cents are that it is an *excellent* side MMO. 

Once you hit cap, you're at cap. Once you get ascended gear, you're effectively BiS. BiS stat allocations and runes/sigils may change because of balance adjustments, but you'll only be a few gold away from being back into BiS again. You'll never find yourself locked out of new content even after months or a hiatus because your gear isn't good enough anymore. 

The level cap doesn't go higher than 80, so you won't be scrounging for millions of EXP to get access to content after an expansion drops. There's a *little* bit of EXP required for progression through the mastery system, but the exp amounts needed are tiny, the points to unlock whatever thing is required are plentiful, and the vast majority of masteries are optional for story progression. You'll be back "at cap" just by casually mucking about in the new zones. 

There's no sub fee, so you won't be getting dinged for anything more than hard drive space and *maybe* story missions if you don't log in for the couple months they're the most recent. Even then, getting those is like, a couple bucks or a sum of gold if you've got that lying around. It gives you a new zone to explore, new achievements, some story stuff to muck around with, etc. All it requires of you is to load into a character for a whopping second once every couple of months. 

Long story short, you don't get severely punished for not playing for a while or just casually dabbling because of how progression is structured. Since there's a free play mode (where you can level all the way to cap and play through the first story campaign), download it and give it a go. A few folks in my FC picked it up and they're having a good time from what they've told me. If it doesn't jive with you, the worst thing you've lost is some time. 
Ah yes. The engineer. Why have 15 skills when you could have 40.
There's plenty of that to be done. You won't get anything on the scale of crystal tower/void ark raids, but the encounters they have are interesting and the meta is diverse if you find folks who aren't hellbent on running the perfect meta comp. 
There are a few healer variants beyond druid and some are better than druid in specific encounters. Druid is just the one they showcased as the main healer and is "meta" because of Grace of the Land. 

Now you've got heal revenants, heal tempest, heal engineers, etc. If your squad isn't too concerned about strict meta comps for speed kills, they're perfectly viable. 
There's raiding. Currently 4 wings. 11 bosses. 3 unique encounters. There's no strict gear requirements, but you want to be partially wearing the top tier of gear before going I'm. Because the top tier of gear doesn't change, you're basically set for life once you have a full set, so prog is mostly on learning mechanics. Loot can be the minion analog, top tier weapons/armor with unique skins, and a currency you can use to buy what doesn't drop after a while. You also can work towards prestige armor that you can swap the stats for on the fly and looks pretty schnazzy. 

Leveling is done through lots of just wandering through the world and exploring. You can also get 7 levels worth of experience per crafting profession if you wanna go fast. Traditional dungeons exist, but there's only a handful and they don't (currently) intend on adding more. "Fractals" are dungeons that scale in mechanical difficulties as you go up through their ranks and are their go-to for 5 player instanced content and progression. 

Outside of raids, there aren't any defined ways to control aggro as mobs aggro on a whole bunch of factors per their aggro tables. Inside of raids, some fights chose a tank based on whoever has the highest amount of toughness (a damage reduction stat) or will determine targeting for certain attacks/aggro on other means (whoever is closest/furthest. Whoever had the most overall HP, etc.) Healers and supporters are essential in high end content (top tier fractals, raids, and some PvP modes) but aren't essential to lower end content. DPS can be either direct damage or through DoT effects. Every class can play every role through adjusting traits and gear, though some are better than others. There is also no strict party composition. You can have 5 DPS, 5 healers, 5 really bunkerey support types. The game only cares if you finish the content or not and not how you go about it.  

PvP comes with "structured" and "world" modes. Structured PvP is a lot like what PvP in ffxiv is now. Normalized stats regardless of level that can be customized to some extent. Skills have PvP-only adjustments. Etc. You still have all of them though. World PvP has your server pitted against 2 other servers in a territory control battle thing. Low level characters are scaled up to 80, but they're still comparatively weaker than someone at 80 with the top tier of gear. People can run around solo and capture small objectives/scout, join smaller groups to take/hold larger objectives, or huge squads to try and steamroll anyone in their path. (note the "try") 
If it means anything, WvW and PvP both got some serious face-lift with a patch from a couple weeks ago and apparently is doing much better? 
I'm personally a fan of "dotty old racist in decline," but that's not my own. 
You /s, but someone on this sub may legit believe this as a tinfoil hat theory for ANet, who is simultaneously going bankrupt and swimming in pools of P2W dollar bills will legitimately suggest this in some form or another. 
Of course not. The episode is only late come August. That's when the "three month" part of "2 to 3 months" part goes by 
It's in the top five for current MMOs in the western market. Find a guild you jive with and you'll do fine. 
It's for prestige items, glamour, collectables, achievements, a social outlet, and generally something to do that provides challenge. And yes, you could debate the meaning of "challenge," but for a community that's used to just autoattacking and wearing a hodgepodge of random gear, this kinda stuff is a rude awakening. 

I dunno. I rather prefer the GW2 method of never being overgeared for the old stuff and never have situations like "Hey who wants to run V2?... Oh, you're not i295? Guess we have to get a rando then." 

It's more like a dollar bill on a stick than a carrot. It's not essential foodstuffs. You don't *really* need it in most circumstances, but you want it and you're gonna work for it, and you can use it to get the essential foodstuff. 
In fairness, I ran i270 striking accessories as I leveled, but I melded vit into them, kept my left side at-level once HQ market board gear outpaced my i270 gear, and didn't yolopull all the things. 

Being a healer for your secondary job gives you a lot of perspective. 
My general setup is provoke, rampart, and coval. Then Awareness, Shirk, Reprisal, and Low Blow situationally take up the other skills. 

Awareness is for Dun Scaith or other places where I know crits are coming. Shirk comes in any time I'll have another tank to work with. Low blow comes in if I need to stun a mechanic and I don't trust the pug/think they'll just make me stun it anyways. Reprisal is almost always on the bar, but may swap out for whatever the parry cooldown is when I'm doing a duty with a lot of trash mobs. 
What self-respecting tank *doesn't* have provoke anymore now that it's cross role? 
I got queued with a pally who was voking off cooldown in spite of the fact that they had a full bar to RDM's and my little bumps. (The other DPS might as well not have been there.)

I wanted to ask why they were doing that, but it felt better to just keep my mouth shut since I was already struggling at keeping their unaugmented shire with striking accessories butt alive in shisui. 
You can get gear of the "proper" stats by running dungeons. Can you get runes of the scholar, sigils of force, and sigils of air? 
P/P Unload and D/D backstab are both solid builds for vanilla thief. What kind of restrictions are placed on your Trading Post access? I forget if you can buy armor, weapons, sigils, runes, crafting mats, etc. 

Once I know what you can get your hands on, I can make a build for you. 
It's about par for the course. Cynicism, Armchair management, tinfoil, shitposts, and just generally beating the shit out of ANet for any/all of their decisions are what I expect when I come here. 
I go into leveling roulette as an AST to stock up on every tomestone possible before Stormblood drops and get thrown into Stone Vigil. Not the most amazing roll, but it's not Sastasha or Toto-Rak, so sure. 

People are watching cutscenes, so I wait to apply protect until the barrier drops. The instant it drops, the dark knight *sprints* into the first trash pack and gets out of range before protect finishes casting and does the first pull *without grit*. I try to see if I can't swiftcast protect at some point, but they're getting crushed by these three mobs *so fast* that my decently-geared ass couldn't even keep them alive smashing Benefic II. Also doing so ripped aggro even with lucid dreaming (RIP lucid dreaming). Suffice to say, we wiped. 

Before I can even respawn, the tank is back up and bolting into the fight, now with grit on thank fuck, but I still don't even have the time to get a protect out before its back to me trying to heal their sorry ass, bottoming out on MP, and basically surviving through the power of cringing really hard between GCDs. 

We survive this pull, but before I can even cast protect or think about typing "I need MP," the DRK fucking *hauls it* around the corner, into the fire breath, and tries to grab the next pack. They can't hold aggro to save their life. I can't keep up with healing them, and I then notice that *darkside isn't up either.* 

Suffice to say, we wipe *again* because I bottom out trying to keep them alive and fail miserably. I manage to land protect on them this time before they yolopull, and as they're getting crunched to tiny pieces, I quickly hit examine to see... Single digit iLevel trinkets. The left side was decent enough, but rings were in the single digits. I think the earring and bracelet was mid to low teens. The necklace was a forgivable level, but *Single. Digit. Trinkets.*

It was the first time I have ever left a duty, and while nervous about some sorta GM punishment, I considered the lockout a mercy compared to what that run could have been had I sat it out. 
Not always. 

A dumb person in Ohio's vote will always be worth more than a smart person in New York's vote. Hell, anyone in Ohio's vote will be worth more than anyone in New York's vote. 

The electoral college in action, folks. (and to clarify, my bugbear is with the EC and not that people like this have the right to vote. They have the inalienable right to vote as an American citizen and I will not bend on that point.)
This is the big point right here. All it takes is one little coefficient here, or an unusual synergy there. Even though the designers and developers play and test these things for hours upon hours and have so much care for the product they produce, a little, seemingly insignificant detail can slip by as numbers and abilities get tweaked. 

The "problem" comes out when, as Mark Rosewater of Wizards of the Coast calls it, *the supercomputer* gets their hands on it. Thousands of people get access to it and are looking at it all with fresh eyes. Next thing you know, the shit's fucking broken because *someone* decided they cat should be able to flicker *any* kind of permanent and the fans put 2 and 2 together. Now there's a synergy so powerful that it defines the meta and becomes oppressive. Whoops. Maybe give it some time and see if it balances itself? It's not balancing? Well shit. 

So no. I don't think they're intentionally trying to make anything OP. I don't think they're intentionally causing power creep because they've got an expansion to sell (maybe because I don't enjoy rolling around in jade-coated cynicism). They get new tools to play with in the engine. They apply them to the skills. Turns out they're more/less powerful than intended after they were put through the playerbase wringer. Time to adjust things. Turns out they're more/less powerful than intended after they were put through... Repeat until dead. 
Considering one of the biggest parts of their reputation in the industry is the ability to have almost zero server downtime, I'd wager they're far less casual about the issue when it pops up. 

Now Square Enix, on the other hand... 
Under new management, I guess? 
I recognized Norma's voice and was immediately disappointed.

Is there anything that can be done to restore any form of balance and downright sense in our local news?
DRK main with AST side and occasional BRD/SAM

Openness= 80

Conscientiousness= 23

Extraversion= 28

Agreeableness= 48

Neuroticism= 88 

I could honestly see a channeled skill that consumes initiative while channeling and deals more damage per initiative consumed. Something like one initiative per 0.25 seconds. 

A single button press tap would do as much as/less than an autoattack, but holding out for the full 3/3.75 seconds depending on traits could put out a massive chunk of damage. At the same time, it leaves you with no initiative, which limits your ability to follow up (if you even have to). 
>so how many times are you expected to fail that 8 minute fight? 

As many times as you/the group feels like doing it. 

>like is it hard for experienced groups? 

It's not. I'm in three different squads and each can 1-shot all encounters in Spirit Vale. Maybe take a couple attempts for Matthias and Xera before we finish those. 

>And at no point did I think "wow the developers must have worked really hard on this amazing content that they sold me"

To each their own. Even when "copy/pasting" certain mechanics over and over, timing them properly and upping the tempo of the fight requires tuning and testing. It's simple looking at it top-down and seems so simple when you break everything down, but it's a long, iterative process. Pushing the needle too far can harm your game for *years* (cough) *A3S* (cough). 

>I mostly wvw and pvp but I wanted to try a raid once. And I did, once. 

And if it ain't your cup of tea, it ain't your cup of tea. No shame. Play the game modes you enjoy. Just hold a little perspective on how the mode works within the genre and how it's produced.  
That's raiding in most games. You've got some mechanics. Then there's a phase mechanic. Then it goes back to the original set of mechanics with some other stuff thrown in. Depending on the fight, there can be another phase mechanic afterwords, then a final phase where they throw everything and the kitchen sink at you to see if you're paying attention. If the devs are feeling *really* creative, you may have a phase where the boss transforms for one last phase from hell where everything happens, but faster, and with a bigger, prettier stuffy doll to smack. (See: Deimos, Sephirot from FFXIV) 

So, yeah, most raid bosses in GW2 have a similar flow. Most raid bosses in the entire MMO genre have that flow. If you don't like that style, raiding in general in *any* game, let alone GW2, may not be for you.    
I've started to let eager pullers a bit of a spook where I'll grab all the mobs but the one they grabbed and let it beat them up for a bit. If it's a boss, I adjust my headphones, take a drink of water, get in before it's sealed, get into the perfect position ... Okay, *maybe* I should provoke it now.  
Is there a clip of this? 
I Astro as my secondary job and I love this ability, but as a tank main, sometimes I have to manderville out of it because of AoEs. A little part of my soul shrivels up and dies when I have to do so and can't path a way back in without cleaving a the DPS or fucking up their positionals.
Is there any ideal skill speed that you found? I've been stretching to get to 2.35 while leveling and I feel like that materia can go elsewhere.
There's some hallucinations, but that's probably the venom kicking in and dissolving the nerves in the brain.   
I imagine the first version of it was him actually being stung, but they rolled it back to just before the sting because it was too gross? 

I say this thinking it sounds reasonable, but [[Transgress the Mind]]'s art exists in a card, so... 
Decent karma farming with the ability to get some valuable rewards. 
Weirdest part for sure. I eat three squares a day during the work week out of habit, but on weekends, I'll have a sausage for breakfast, then realize I haven't eaten anything for the entire day by 8pm. 

(and then I eat something like a and almonds and proceed to become ravenous for the next hour) 
Yes, except you're still only doing a fraction by autoattacking. You need to time dodges into the chain so you don't clip/reset attacks to maintain the dodge buff (which is 10%). You never should be hitting full endurance on power DD because you just outright lose another 10% if you're full. Not weaving staff 2? There's another few percent because you'll bottom out your endurance faster. Not stealing properly? Again, you're losing out because you're going to bottom out of endurance faster. When you bottom out, you lose 10% off the top, lose vault damage, and put yourself in the position to lose your scholar bonus. 

Condi DD, condi thief, vanilla power thief, and P/P thief (to a lesser extent) literally all revolve doing things other than your autoattack. If you're not applying venoms and keeping the Lotus buff up, you're losing out on massive amounts of damage. Power Dagger and P/P builds revolve around timing C+D and Unload (not your autoattack mind you) to not bottom out initiative or clip your autoattack/your unloads. 

So, yeah, you will be doing a decent amount of damage if you *just* AA your target, but doing that in a raid will only serve as a detriment to your party, and godspeed just AAing in PvP or WvW. You're operating at 80% capacity in the best case scenario, and it only goes down from there. 
>ARMA Mod

That explains everything I need to know about the popularity and style of this game. It's like DayZ all over again. Thank you for the thorough answer! 
But compare getting an ascended set to something like getting the top tier gear for another MMO (say, FFXIV). 

In GW2, if you're on a power build and you make a single set of ascended berserker armor, you're probably good until the meta shifts to something else. Then you can stat swap. That may cost a few gold, but it's nowhere near the cost of having to create a new set of armor. If you want both stats, that's on you. No matter what though, 80 and ascended will always be the top. And hey, with that ascended gear, you can do raids and fractals to get more ascended stops to stockpile. It'll always best in slot, even if it means dropping some gold for a stat swap. The only time the game even remotely tells you that your gear isn't good enough is in the upper tiers of fractals. Even then the game doesn't flat-out say "you can't do this content." 

In FFXIV, there aren't multiple stat sets, so one set of armor will last you... For a while. When they release the next patch, the highest item level increases. Maybe that's not a big deal though. You still meet the minimums for the stuff you want to run. Another patch comes out with another, higher item level, aaaaaand... You're below the minimum. Gotta spend some time grinding the new currency so you can get the stuff that lets you hit the minimum. You wanna hear The Griffin say "sloppayyyy" too many times or get stepped on by Scathach? If you're not above i235, you're not tall enough to board that ride. What if you're a raider though? That item level is constantly rolling upwards. Every few months, you gotta throw out all of your best-in-slot gear because it's insufficient for clearing content. Time to grind out the tomestones or Gil for it. Do clan hunts or raids for the upgrade components. Buy different materia. Etc. Now comes the expansion. The level cap is bumped up by 10. You need to get back to level cap to stay relevant, which means having to buy all new gear. That means grinding out Gil or Tomestones or leveling crafting. Got your level i290 job armor? Nice. That may last you a while for casual play, but is immediately irrelevant for any raiding content. Time to grind out the currency for the higher item level armor. When's the next patch come out? They're upping the item level more? There's an MSQ dungeon down the road requires you to be i300 to progress the story? Oh goodie... 

*That's* a gear treadmill.      
As a brief aside, healers or a general supporter are brought along for higher end fractals to help mitigate damage from mechanics/instabilities. Tanks still aren't required in that mode since the aggro tables are comprised of voodoo and pixie dust in most cases. 
Sure. Autoattack is the meta if you feel like putting out a fraction of your profession's DPS. You'll survive in the open world and get event credit, but that's about all you'll get. 
Short queues and badass QTEs. All about that tank life. 
I can't wait to do this on my minimum size lalafell. 
Funny enough, cheating long cast times is the entire gist of Red Mage in FFXIV. While we can't say for certain yet, it does appear to have the potential to be busted.  
1. Boon uptime: might, fury, and quickness are all important in putting out a lot of damage. If you're finding yourself without these things, adjust your comp accordingly. 

2. Profession Bonuses: empowered allies, banner buffs, spotter, assassin's presence, pinpoint distribution, etc. ESPECIALLY ALACRITY! These contribute more than you may think. Adjust your comp/subgroups to get as many of these as your comp can cover onto your entire squad and maximize their uptime. 

3. Scholar uptime for physical DPS: often overlooked. Just because nobody is really dying doesn't mean they're not dipping below the scholar cutoff. Have people with scholar runes know their 90% value and do their best to stay above it. 

4. Build: I think it goes without saying that you need a proper build, or at least a build you've tested that can turn out respectable numbers. This also includes having proper gear and consumables. Check out builds and guides for details. 

5. Rotation: They exist for a reason. People have figured out what's optimal for usage of skills, utilities, sometimes even heals and dodges. The closer you get to a proper rotation, the higher your personal DPS will be. Study and practice is the best way to handle this. 

6. Clipping: This could be under the rotation umbrella, but make sure you aren't interrupting (or 'clipping' your attacks with some actions) as much as possible. If you use an ability in the pre-cast for your autoattack or in the middle of the chain, you may interrupt that attack and reset the chain. This can delay the flow of your abilities and reduce your damage. This is some of the higher concept stuff that will get you the last few percentage points. Like your rotation, study and practice.  
People pre-post articles because the URL structure is usually predictable. It *may* become available through this link when it officially goes live.
Since the person in this particular happens to be considered the president, I'm gonna wager he's got a bit more power to wiggle out of the law and using this excuse. 
I believe the writer behind them left ANet
That's why, outside of the more recent level 60 dungeons, I start conservative and build up. While pulling big and failing lets you learn your party's limits in the fastest way possible, it also has the potential to leave a sour taste in their mouth when it goes wrong. Sure, you get the impatient healer/DPS when building up, but if that goes poorly and you did what you could to stay alive+maintain enmity, you did what you could and learned the limits of the party in pretty short order. 
Ignorance of the law is not an excuse to break it. 
There will be one following this public hearing. 
"Just run answers" is the inverse of "dies to removal" in my opinion. It's a shaky line of logic at best. Like, yeah, you could run absolute dumpster fire cards because they're an answer available for your chosen colors, but does the "cost" of filling a slot in your deck with it outweigh the "cost" of putting in something that could improve the synergy/resilience of your deck? It's a rough metric to judge. 
And what of "Let's talk about..." 
They weren't given any specific power. The first revenants developed a natural talent for mist magic circa 1324 AE. Some of them shared how they did so to interested individuals. Some of those people took to learning the art themselves while others with the innate talent continued to appear. It's just like any other form of magic on Tyria, be it elemental, necromantic, mesmeric, etc. The key difference is that it's a fairly new development compared to the others, which have been around for centuries. Refer to (https://www.guildwars2.com/en/news/hidden-arcana-role-playing-the-revenant/) for more details. 

What happened with Rytlock? We don't know. They may tell us someday. They may drip-feed us details over years. They may omit that thread from the plot as a means to an end. We just don't know.  
He misspoke. It'll be an issue for *who's* left after the droughts, destruction caused by increased weather volatility, flooding, etc. 
Not really. He's worked with the characters he's given on most of his work for MTG and you can't waver from the style guide too much there. If you read "Sacrifice," which is a stand-alone story from the Eldritch/Gothic Horror setting of MTG, you can get a good idea of how his writing feels when not constrained by pre-made characters. 
Ishai and Bruse.
Nope. 
ZC (And Half Expansion Mike to a far greater extent) are both prolific neg-posters. They'll find any excuse to drag the game and appeal to the cynicism in the community. In this case, it's harassing Yichao from his previous employer's stance on representation combined with the usual "ANet is shit and everything they do is bad" mantra.  
He's an author for Magic: The Gathering's story (yes. It has a story.) and is/was considered one of the more talented authors in WotC's stable. 
Tl;dr at the bottom. 

Ever since 3.4, I've been learning to love nocturnal sect because I was told it's now the "better" of the two stances when you're primarily focused on healing. I wasn't 60 at the time, so I took their word for it. 

I got scolded a couple nights back for being in nocturnal sect because diurnal's HoTs have higher effective potency per MP spent, higher DPS (which I get, but I didn't have much time to DPS outside of some AoE spam and throwing out dots), doesn't play well with SCH because barriers don't stack (though this was Baelsar's Wall so I was the only healer). I also get that a barrier's duration getting extended isn't anywhere near as good as a HoT getting extended. That much I figured out on my own. 

I switched over to diurnal under pressure, and proceeded to spend the far more time healing than previously putting damage out because the HoTs couldn't keep up with the incoming damage as well as a barrier could. Bouncing back after room-wide AoE was because everyone was getting their HP chucked instead of getting a sliver off the top. As a solo healer, it just generally felt worse, but I feel like if I mentioned that, I'd just be told to play scholar. 

Tl;dr- I was told that nocturnal is usually the better sect for solo healing as of 3.4, but was told off for using noct because diurnal is more efficient, offers higher DPS, etc. Was I misled all that time ago? 
No. 

Yes. It's a JVP deck. 
Nope. Nope. 
Nope. He's in it though! 
Correct, Incorrect, Incorrect. 
Here's my set. Pardon the glare. 

https://imgur.com/a/gtven 

Hint for deck 2: It's been called "falcon punch" or, more casually, "Becky Lemme Smash."
Any excuse to go ham on gravity is a good excuse to go ham on gravity. 
DRK main, but that was my thought too. Providing as much DPS as possible is my top priority under "keep enmity" and "mitigate optional party damage."
Rytlock is the first celebrity revenant. His path of becoming a revenant is also not required to be one. I believe the official lore interpretation is that they started appearing in 1324/1325 AE (the beginning of the personal story) but are only now starting to become more common. 

The short version is that revenants develop like any other caster in Tyria, except they develop prowess in manipulating mist essence (instead of elemental arcana, death magic, etc) and formed a connection to the mists on the process. They don't *need* to die or travel to the mists or anything like that. It can come from innate ability, significant amounts of practice, or maybe a freak accident in the mists. Like every other profession, how you get the ability is played fast and loose to allow RPers freedom. 

As for how a revenant would act... Again, fast and loose. Their key feature is the connection to the legends/echoes of the mists. They are present in the revenant's thoughts passively, and can be actively drawn forth to use their abilities. This means you could have a monk-like revenant who has become a devotee of Glint, or a revenant who enjoys letting Mallyx take the wheel a liiiiittle too much. 

How these legends come to prominence with your character is up to you. They could be swarmed by risen next to the Vizier's Tower in Orr when they hear Mallyx whisper "Unleash me!" for the first time. Maybe they're a sylvari who awoke with the voice of Ventari ringing in their thoughts. The asura studying the zephyrites could begin to hear Glint's song. Whatever you see fit, you can likely do without breaking the lore. 

If anything else, there's also this article which  nobody ever seems to remember. Ever. https://www.guildwars2.com/en/news/hidden-arcana-role-playing-the-revenant/
The only reason I enjoy it is the complete whiplash in tone from phase 1 to phase 2 because of how abrupt and unexpected it was. If I didn't have such a positive memory of laughing so hard that I died, I probably wouldn't enjoy the song as much as I do. 
Feel free to take the image and run it yourself if you don't believe me. It takes a few seconds and literally anyone with an Internet connection can do it.  

In fact, here's the result for you. I'll save you and any inquiring minds the trouble. https://www.tineye.com/search/6f0f919fab799734d9cc2dad2348ceb378a4d5f4/
It's totally relevant. 

If the search gives a result, it indicates that this is something that has previously existed on the Internet and gives context to what that is. We would have some idea of a source. It may indicate it as a fake because, if it was hypothetically on some dude's deviantart, odds are that it isn't a new asset for GW2. Maybe a placeholder at best. 

If the search turns up blank (edit: or without a 1 to 1 match), there's an increased chance that either it's some un-posted piece of generic fantasy art, or it's a new asset for the game that hasn't been posted anywhere yet. 

Since the search turned up empty, that means there's a lowered chance of it being some generic fantasy art from dude's deviantart, and a higher chance of it being a unique asset.  
I did a reverse image search on the art and it didn't come up with any hits, so that's an interesting sign. 

For context, a common way the MTG community attempts to verify leaks is by reverse-image-searching the art on the card. Nearly all MTG artwork is original, so if it's been posted somewhere before, there's an increased chance that the leak is fake. 
Your job as a tank, regardless of if you're OT or not, is to keep the party safe from as much unnecessary damage as possible, mitigating damage, and putting out as much damage as you can while doing so. 

If they aren't successfully doing that, regardless of the reason, you should do it. 
In text chat, I sound supportive, give advice when it looks like it's needed, and try my best to be an outstanding member of the community. Snark occasionally slips through when I get annoyed. If someone is intentionally making pulls I'm not comfortable with, I let them squirm for a bit before grabbing aggro, but again, I try. 

In voice, I am a trash-talking, profanity-laden dumpster fire of a person. I will accost the Dragoon who is ignoring their positionals and dies for the forth time from cleave no matter how hard I try to turn the boss away. I will talk massive amounts of shit about the healer who would rather stare and do nothing than even throw out an aero. When I inspect the person trying to main tank and spot level 30 accessories, I'll mutter a quiet "good fucking luck" before inevitably becoming the main tank instead of the healer. 

They don't hear that though. They see the text and nothing else. 
Initial downvotes come from remarks like that not particularly useful or productive. Then the continued remarks about people bring salty just make you look like an ass. 
Risen, historically, aren't good at being reliable and lore-savvy with their intimidation. I remember the one time when the eye of Zhaitan threatened me Priory character with someone they cared about being Zhaitan's thrall... But you can't corrupt sylvari, so how would she be? 
And even then, it's not *bad.* it's just not part of the optimal comps for high-level, endgame content. Rev is a great gap-filler that can help smooth out weaknesses in 5-player (and to a lesser extent, 10-player) content. Ranger can't hold up 100% fury? Herald can. People feeling too squishy? A little dab of protection will solve that. Limited condi cleanse? Rev can scoop all of those up and not be too fussed about it. 

Like OP said. Jack of all trades, but master of none. If you can't get a master, the jack will do. 
"Thy final verse is sung!"
Apparently there was someone handing out chamomile tea to anyone who loaded into where the instance spat you out and gave you a cutscene. 
He wasn't either. 
That's how it's been with most MMOs I play. Everyone has been burned by the at-release status of their preferred MMO's last expansion. 

I will say, however, that the FFXIV community is the least salty of all of them sans ESO. 
I'm going out on a limb and saying that Cuomo probably isn't a fan of Trump. 
Once upon a time, I used to worry about getting queued with the kinda person who'd run a parser in a normal mode dungeon and have them punt me for not putting A3S levels of big-dick DPS, fucking up my rotation, losing 100% uptime on scourge+delirium/buffed bard dots from a target, fat-fingering a cooldown at a dumb time, etc. 

Then, I see these kinda posts, and realize that they wouldn't give two shits about me because I'm actually doing something. 
Admittedly I've done the no-cleric's AST, but this was in the +80 range where I actually had to do some proper healing. When I had the chance, I'd turn it on to DPS, but most of the time it was off. 

Going without a sect is baffling though. If I find myself too taxed to clerics, I'm sure as shit gonna have a sect up. I'll have it up anywhere. I'm never without it. It's just value left on the table otherwise. 
Them sick AST deeps tho. And it's a heavy! All upside! /s
>no cleric stance

Last night. 1 WHM and 2 CNJ (with me on CNJ) None of them were using cleric stance. All of them were DPSing. None of them were healing. 

I tell ya, I got a lot of practice with stance dancing and leaning what's a good use of swiftcast/what isn't. 
It's also a distinct possibility that they got roped into helping out with some expansion features. 
No worse than a roegadyn and a lalafell I'd wager. 
1. Build Templates- they were sweet in GW1, but I never realized how nice the feature is in a modern MMO until I went deep into FFXIV. It's just so wildly convenient. At the same time, with legendary items having hot-swappable stats and upgrades, I question how feasible this would be in GW2. Maybe just trait panels and rough equipment panels? 

2. Housing- Guild halls are a nice step, but player-controlled housing would be a *massive* "progression" time sink, and could also drain a bit of gold out of the economy. The downside to this. It wouldn't even need to be a housing district or something like that. Homes within the home instance. Plots or open space available in guild halls. Anything like that. The only downside is that furniture will continue to be a knotted mess of cosmetics without, I'm guessing, some kinda engine overhaul. 

3. Dungeons- Honestly, I've come around on this one. Originally I didn't mind, but running dungeons with friends reminds me of the massive amounts of replayability these bits of content add. GW2's structure in particular is something I find incredibly compelling over other MMOs. They squeezed a ton out of each and every instance between the story and explorable modes, and treating them as a side-story to the Personal Story was *perfect.* I get why they moved to personal instances and fractals, but now some of these instanced areas just sit there serving no purpose. Why not make a bonus, explorable dungeon path or two out of them? Glue some fancy weapon and/or armor skins as rewards and you're set. 

4. Roulettes- Lovingly ripped from FFXIV, a roulette system could provide players an incentive to run content and offer better rewards (per reset). This is determined at random from a single category. In GW2's case, there could be a random story dungeon category, a random explorable dungeon category, a random fractal, etc. I have no clue how this could be implemented given the nature of GW2's LFG system, but it could help drive players into content that currently had a demand for extra players. 
And this has become a detriment to the game's reputation. The only other thing that tops "That game isn't dead?" in shit I hear too often from other MMO communities is "You mean Stack Wars 2?" 

LoS pulls are important from a mechanics perspective now and then, but it kinda got out of hand in dungeons. 
Even with the strike going in, he seems to find a way into every update somehow. 
Union strikes don't always work like that. If they're trying to protest organization A, but company B utilizes organization A, the union will discourage its members from working with company B no matter how well company B treats actors they get. 
It makes me wonder if they're going to tie in ways to try the envoy armor into future raids. They make a collection and it spits out the T1 armor, then a second collection that spits out the T2, but it's all achievements from the new raids instead of the old. 
I had a similar issue, but managed to go through all of Heavensward and 3.X as a leveling tank without any serious issue. Here's what I did: 

1) Study, study, study! The Internet is a fountain of knowledge from job guides to dungeon breakdowns. This includes tank-specific guides for some stuff, which gives you tips and tricks on how to manage mechanics from the tank perspective. Take notes and throw them someplace you can reference them quickly if you want. It sounds like overkill, but going in generally knowing what to expect helps A TON. 

2) Get familiar with your job outside of dungeons first. No, you may not be able to get a perfect grasp on enmity maintenance from a striking dummy or random trash/fate bosses, but you'll develop muscle memory that'll be useful in a pinch. Practice grouping enemies up, juggling your attacks between groups of enemies, etc. 

3) This sounds really difficult and like I'm they one asshole who tells a person with depression to stop bring depressed, but stay calm. If you lose enmity, it's not the end of the world. Provoke and poke, use your AoE enmity generation ability if a couple get peeled off of you at once. Happens to the best of us every now and then with trash mobs. Don't sweat it... Unless it's a boss, then sweat it, but remain calm if you can. 

4) Know your limits. Trash mobs are placed the way they're placed for a reason. If you're not comfortable pulling multiple groups, don't. The game is designed to allow that for the most part. You'll develop a sense of what's possible or not even without wiping. 

5) By far the hardest, do your best to tune out the assholes. If that Dragoon is going out of their way to try and be the tank, follow the mob they're targeting and and use your enmity combo on it. If someone gets bored and decides to pull everything, grab what you can, pop some cooldowns, and if you die, there isn't much that can be done. If they start getting rude, report them and move along. If you've done what you can within the limits of your job, remind yourself that you're doing fine... Just make sure you aren't accidentally turning out decent tips when doing so. "Shift the Blame" isn't a skill on your hotbar.  
I use a permanent swiftness static discharge build that locks your enemy down and bursts them down before they can so much of anything. It's received glowing praise of "garbage engineer gameplay" by the esteemed critic *random twitch user*, but it serves me well. 

http://gw2skills.net/editor/?vdQQFAClUUhSsgNVg2LWeLK6j/3T+vHcCDgx1oLyCA-ThRBABA8AAMTJ4DXAgr2fU+VoOAKV/hUADMsC-e

Skill 7 is variable. I use utility goggles most of the time for a stun break, bonus vulnerability, and an instant-cast static discharge. It can be whatever you need it to be though. 

You do have an "opener" of sorts. Get into melee range of your opponent, drop Hammer 5 on them, then hammer 3, surprise shot, hammer 2, grenade barrage, and one last hammer 4. If your target is still alive, switch to grenades/mortar kit, drop frost grenade/frost round to gain some distance and kite with grenades. Or just auto-attack their face if melee is safe, you have a might-generating friend, etc.

This piles on a lot of vulnerability and weakness on your target, and interrupts them a fair bit too. Add in the cripple and potential blinds/freeze from grenades/mortar, and you've got a recipe for empty breakbars. 

If you need more sustain, turn shrapnel to siege rounds, applied force to adapted armor, perfectly weighted to recovery matrix, and lastly, turn expert examination to rapid regeneration. Until you have enough healing and sustain to keep yourself up. Try not to replace expert examination if you can help it. 

Lastly, an overlooked part about being a scrapper, you've got the function gyro. The remote stomp feature isn't always relevant, but the ability to pick someone up without breaking from your current target, or possibly standing in persistent damage to get them back up. 
Meanwhile, a lot of the partners have gone for being coy about what's coming soon to flat out saying "The leaks are fake." 

Now these images show up, so either someone put a TON of effort into making these fake images, or ANet needs to pull their partners aside and take them to "We do not comment on rumors or speculation"- 101.
Which could mean turning his cleave on the rest of the party for a mechanic that could easily be addressed in 5 seconds by a DPS who's paying attention. I'll do it if the damage is needed due to undergearing or if we'd wipe without it, but doing so still puts the party at a massive amount of undue risk. 
What do these people do when they're alone in the open world? Use a chocobo for everything? 
This was me a couple nights ago tanking Keeper of the Lake for a friend. The healer just stood there the entire time, which reduced everything to a crawl. 

I suppose I made their life exciting when I had to turn the dragons and have it breath attack the party because, if I didn't, there wouldn't be enough damage to kill the mob with the shield generator. 
CWH is pretty dull, but the zones improve the further you go into the expansion, and drastically improve when you unlock flying. That said, they're all gigantic and have absurd amounts of verticality. 
They know of them, but the only person who witnessed them committing blasphemy is now a mummy, so it saves them that grief. 
I think I found out why Temmet has Embalm. 

He's just been knocked out in a building where mummies are programed to remove organs, wrap things in fabric, slam a cartouche into the body, and call it a day. Temmet has some kind of control over these mummies, and with him unconscious, they revert to the default programming of "take this body and embalm it."

So they pick him up, throw him onto a slab and go to work on him. He comes to while they're doing so and rightfully freaks the fuck out, so they 'touche him and finish the job.

Boom. Zombie Temmet. Also explains how he doesn't just run around the city and warn everyone about the blasphemous outsiders. 
Fresh air healer/auramancer. Instead of taking arcane in the usual staff healer build, you take air. Auras now give fury+swiftness on top of regen+vigor. Your rotation is far more entertaining until heavy healing is required, and you have 100% soothing mist uptime with alacrity. 

Is it bad? Yes. Are other support auramancer builds better? Probably. Is it fun? Better than the standard staff healer. That's for damn sure. Can it clear content? Yep. Killed every boss with this build and the only things people died to were them flubbing mechanics. 
Mine occasionally gets broken out if we're missing key pieces of our regular comp. It's great at filling gaps and smoothing things out. It just doesn't quite have the damage to make it in the hallowed speed run progression meta. 

Also, rev is amazing at kiting on Cairn and Deimos.  
Wut
Your wish is granted! It's ~~in the RNG hellbox~~ an uncommon* drop from the Black Lion Chest™! 

*Another finger of the monkey's paw curls...* 
I've been told that they cover it with a scented/flavored oil to try and make it smell and taste less horrible. Most people I know say theirs is mint scented. 
I mean, sometimes I have to juke an AoE. Then something moves and I'm stuck with the choice of temporary turning through target around to drag it back into the AoE and exposing them to cleave or just staying still. I don't know what the correct answer is because both end with people being pissed off. ;~;
Roasted marshmellows. Not even joking. 

While not a hormone, spironolactone tastes like shit. 
What's the source on this? Whenever I say singular they is valid, some dingus said "well (arbitrary style guide) doesn't accept it, so you're wrong." 

Then again, even when pointing out that Merriam Webster lists singular they, it was met with a "Then I guess Webster is wrong."
Also important, they sent cash instead of wiring it to them because sanctions that are in place make doing so difficult. How do they try this money to them? Literally give them cash. 
I wonder if people realize *why* the sent cash instead of any other form of money. 

Part of the Iran negotiations required a bit money changing hands. Pretty standard, right? The issue is that the US didn't want to lift sanctions on Iran, but needed to meet their part of the deal. Sanctions often include freezing the capabilities to transfer money to royalty, the elite, key figures, etc in a nation, so they can't just wire them the money. The money they're asking for that's a deal/no deal condition had to get to them somehow, so we sent cash because it circumvents the sanctions currently in place. They have money, sure, but they can use that money to travel to someplace that has sanctions on them and buy that luxury good they want, and it's surprising how effective if a deterrent that is to some members of that country's elite. 

So if they send the money, the deal goes through. If they didn't, we'd have a more-nuclear-capable Iran. That's where the externalities of which being worse comes in. Which has a larger downside? Them having a sizeable pile of cash to do stuff with, or them being able to create nukes? Seems obvious to me. 

Oh, and then there's the obvious of the *Iran* deal and bombing *Syria* but this is the same crowd that wants to bomb Agrabah, so that may be asking a bit too much.    
The only situation where you should be using macros on a DRK are for simple, single action things like placing Salted Earth on your current target, hitting Living Dead and giving your healers a warning in case it procs, provoke callouts, target marking with Sole Survivor, etc. 

Issues start happening when you place multiple actions, particularly OGCD actions, into a single macro. This causes them to have a wait time of a second in between each action, and that can causes delays, clipping, general inefficiency, and so on. 

If you're having issues hitting these skills in quick succession, adjust your keybinds and/or hotbars to make it easier to hit them. 
> reprint good cards over and over, destroying the secondary market at the same time.

While I agree with some cards that they could print, if the secondary market is leaning that heavily on elvish mystics, lightning strikes, and mana leaks, the secondary market has other issues. 
I suppose I could understand top in spite of the fact that I don't agree with it, but really? Ancient tomb? Just something vague from delver in general? Those are the kinda cards that make legacy unique and powerful. 

If you wanna play a durdlefest deck in a format with crap acceleration, no means of card selection, and poor countermagic, go play modern.

~~Also because banning ancient tomb destroys eldrazi and full moon stompy, which are my two decks of choice for legacy so I'd be fucked right out of the format~~
Friends and the desire to progress in a significant manner. 

My primary MMO is Guild Wars 2, but right now I simply don't have an objective that would provide something meaningful to me. I've maxed out my masteries. I have all the prestige items I care to make. I'm up to date on the story. I've cleared all but one of the raid encounters, and my static is getting close to clearing it. Sure, there's achievements and collections to do and those offer some nice rewards, but I just lack the motivation because it's percentage points instead of significant leaps of progress. 

Most of my static is in a similar spot, so they've been sniffing around for other games to play while there's a lull in stuff to do. One of them stumbled into FFXIV and others joined him, so I re-subbed to help then progress since none of them were leveling as a tank. We're all having fun progressing together (even though I'm at cap and working on upping my ilevel), dabbling with primals and raids, etc. Progression feels meaningful to an extent because I'm not a long-term, enfranchised player who's been there and done that already. 

Tl;dr it's a fresh world with stuff I haven't done yet, and friends playing with me are what keeps me around when the frustration gets to me. 
>For example, whenever i see a lalafell, 'cute and sweet' are the last things that come to mind, if only for the fact lalafell players have been some of the most arrogant and unfriendly people i've come across since playing.

I half agree half disagree. It seems to be a coinflip. Either they're genuinely nice players from what they show in-game, or they're total assholes. There's no middle ground.  

The only other one I have a stereotype for are the catboys, who send me the weirdest unsolicited whispers, emotes, and comments in chat.   
I think OP is talking about the weird, not-anthromorphisized animals, but you're not wrong. 
I mean, [[rise from the tides]] is a card. 
Gideon may die, but we still have to deal with him in standard for two more years. 
Standard players: Gideon, Ally of Zendikar and Heart of Kiran make a brutal pair in standard, but it can't get any worse, right? 

WotC: Hold my beer. 
Looks like I have to take another shot. This reddit preview season drinking game is gonna cook my liver...
Yeah, these creatures start significantly underpowered. You have to work and use their abilities to get them up to a decent power level.  
Nope. 
When they can all stack onto one and give it unblockable, I don't see why not 
So how does this compare to the completely legal overlays that have been used since the API data became available that gave people optimal world completion and gathering routes? 
GemFX gives people an advantage because it make the game prettier. Inb4 Chris Cleary strips your character and jumps you off of a ledge in DR. 
Here's my popoto. It's a little outdated, but it's the best screenshot I have on-hand. https://tinyurl.com/m597v32

I generally use the same character archetype in every game, so I'm usually quite attached to them unless the game just doesn't stick for me. Also, I get a lot of tells ranging from polite to downright creepy saying that she looks good, so I guess I managed to make a quality popoto. 
Do you feel that way about *all* forms of fiction, or just derivative works of fiction? 
Obama was also one of the first presidents to really get modern consumer technology into the administration's workflow. A former white house speechwriter cited that Obama and others were quite thrilled when they managed to get tablets and smartphones in a secure enough state for them to use at work. 
I'd take a dragon over a baby any time 
I'm calling these things "bicycle lands" until the community compels me to call them something else. 
I have to wonder why some are gendered and some aren't. It'd be nice to get a direct answer from someone at ANet, but I have a feeling we'll never get an answer. 
They nerfed it because it was capital B *busted* in PvP settings and there are better condi builds in PvE anyways.

If you're loving that condi burst life, roll D/D venoms. The gear is basically the same and it does more damage* without relying on permanent stealth cheese.  

(*more damage in a havoc squad where you can apply venoms to a few allies. Slightly less when you aren't) 
Having not played GW1 before starting GW2, Lion's Arch was a curiosity to me. I loved the aesthetic and the charm the city had, especially with all of the rope bridge pathways that went to little alcoves and taverns. There was always a surprise and a cool place to just sit and enjoy the ambiance. Now? It's all gone. It looks fancy and open and modern, and there are little bits that remain unchanged, but that's not the LA that was there when I fell in love with the game. New LA is a sore reminder of that. 

I imagine GW1 players feel the same when they see the ruins of "their" LA in the harbor. 
I read something about the PvP gear not having accuracy. Will that cause problems content until stormblood/after stormblood if they don't nix accuracy? 
This is probably a well-worn topic, but I'm gonna ask anyways. 

I hit level 57 last night and, while I know there a metric ton or experience between me and 60 still, I'm thinking it's time to start planning for when I hit 60.

I'm not going to spend too much in the way of effort or resources to gear my character when that gear will become obsolete in a couple months, but gear *is* important as a tank main and I'd like to have some average gear while progressing to and through Stormblood. 

In short: what's the most efficient way to get some average level 60 gear? 
I agree with this mostly, but I do think that there's some red aspects to DRK when it comes to darkside. Everything about it rooting in anger, fear, sadness, etc just screams red to me. They're kinda shades of red, black, and white with things tilting in one way or another.

Take the difference between Fray (I'd say more Rakdos, especially when you progress further into the questline) and Sidurgu (Orzhov for sure). 
Oh, trust me, they curl. My unplayable Shaymin-EXs speak to that.  That said, they do look quite gorgeous. I love the reverse holo effect. 
Hence my second sentence of the "combo" in question not being infeasible because of the nature of the game compared to other TCGs. 
It requires that you have the evolutions in hand to "go off" with it, effectively making it a 4 card combo. That being said, PTCG has massive amounts of card velocity and tutoring compared to MTG (can't speak for yugioh) so a 4 card combo isn't as infeasible. 
Depends on what you're looking to do. For PvP, I'll echo what others have said so far. For casual PvE, it doesn't matter at all really. Play what you want. 

If you're looking to get into high-end PvE like top level fractals or raiding, Ranger/Druid is the cream of the crop. You'll rarely find yourself without a home as a condi ranger or a druid. A Warrior or two is wanted for might generation. Chronomancers are the go-to tank for raiding and every squad should have at least one. While not top dog for DPS anymore, a thief or an ele can still find a home in a pug comps. Engineers pull off some sweet damage if you've got the dexterity of a concert pianist. 

That being said, you can still use most any profession in any setting as long as you're running a good build and a group that's okay with it. My static still abuses the shit out of epidemic or will take a Herald if DPS is great, but raw healing isn't keeping us alive or we just need a reliable boon factory. Despite being off-meta, we clear content just fine.  

Tldr- Anything but revenant or necro in PvE, but even they're situationally good with the right build. 
It has always been about freedom and emotion, but they've been struggling with ways to depict that beyond anger and destruction because magic is a game about conflict. That's why it always seems like it's an anger and destruction thing. 

Cards like [[Cathartic Reunion]] are their first attempts at trying to make the emotional side of red more apparent, such as it is. 
If PTCGO is any indication, there's a lot of folks on Umbreon variants, so I think it's a matter of time before someone cracks the proverbial code and finds the "right" list.

The only thing I can think of that may hold it back is the tankiness of some GX pokemon. Umbreon doesn't hit them hard enough without damage application/weakness exploitation, but they can one-shot Umbreon without batting an eye. 
[[Immerwolf]] so I could actually have a respectable werewolf commander 
Not who you responded to, but my only wish is a competitive decklist database that updates frequently and is relatively current. 
It's a very fast and loose sorta thing. If you two have chemistry and things start to move, congrats! At the same time, if he isn't expressing interest, respect that and move along as best as you can. 

So give it a shot. You never know what'll come from it. 
If memory serves, sword builds (particularly S/P) were nerfed a year or two ago because they were capable of locking and bursting opponents down from full HP. 

You make be able to make a similar build that focuses on stunning and locking down players who are out of position. It'll probably be S/P, use the trait "Panic Strike." Staff and/or dagger's ubiquity would make one of them a decent second weapon set. 
That's on a complete different plane of existence than directly stealing assets. 
Everything as of late has me questioning how I'll progress to L2 or if that's even an option I can realistically pursue at this point. There will be far less competitive REL events in my region, and CFB probably doesn't even consider coming close to my city for an event. There's maybe an SCG event once every couple years, and that's it.
As a civil/transportation engineer myself, this whole thing was a bag of nope from the start. I don't know how anyone thought this was a viable idea after putting it under scrutiny. 
Hell, put solar panels over the roadway. Not only does it provide better energy than it bring the road surface, it shields the road from the elements. Minimal snow, rain, and ice guaranteed. (yes I am aware that the problems with this play are quite abundant.)
I refuse to mix modern card frames and older card frames. All one, or all the other. 
Thank you for doing this AMA! Blood clots, DVT, and the like are an interest of mine (mostly out of fear) so I'm interested to see what comes out of this thread! Also, I hope you don't mind me asking a few questions in one comment and giving them a bit of a preface. 

1. What biological function causes estrogen use to lead to more clotting? Does this lead to more clotting issues in women in general, or is it specific to individuals who take estrogen? 

2. Two of the key prevention tips I see for DVTs are to stand up and exercise. Do exercises that have the body in a sitting-like position (IE using a recumbent bicycle) have a diminished effect on preventing clots because of the sitting position, or is the increased bloodflow from exercising enough?  

3. One of the things I've heard is that sitting is the worst position your body can be in for proper circulation (and thereby, clot prevention) and that you should either stand or lay down. While it makes some sense, it seems that bring sedentary in general poses the greatest risk more than the position. Is the position you're sedentary in related to anything, or is it just being sedentary that would lead to a possible clot? 
I've only ever done t4 fractals as an engineer/scrapper, so I wouldn't know. I figured the same mindset that raiding had (being that heralds are apparently a detriment to damage) and applied that. 
PS Warrior or Herald if you don't care about ~~high end PvE~~ raiding. 
Save lycanfang for Mega Rayquaza itself. Try and control their bench by sandbagging arenas until they overcommit. Lysandre out whoever they're setting up and one-shot those with strong energy+regirock's buff before its set. Occasionally camp with nothing but Carbink on the board if it seems like they're mono-EX or stall until they their resources to EX Pokémon and can't commit to their non-ex ones. Be a lucksack with hammer flips. Luck out with your opponent not having or being loose with their forced swaps? 

They're sitting on a huge pile of EXs. If you take out three, you win. It's just a game of setting up fast, then holding on until they present a vulnerable target. 
Yep. I've met a fair amount of jank on the ladder for sure, but I've also hit a fair amount of meta decks (Mostly with mega mewtwo and mega rayquaza. A few instances of turbo darkrai and volcanion exactly twice). Totally agree on vespiquen though. It seems like they always have the last DCE when there's already three in the discard. ;~;

They're nail-biting, tense games where it seems like I'm skirting on the edge of disaster from the midgame onwards, but I come out on top through having a plan, thinking ahead, and playing to my outs.  
A lot of MTGO players probably don't know /r/MTGO exists and just stick to /r/magictcg as the mother sub for all of their content. Conversely, /r/hextcg IS the mother sub for HEX. 

That aside, if you're looking to get into a digital TCG that has a vibe like magic, I can't suggest HEX enough. Competitive constructed ladders are  snappy and their queues are short. PvE is a stupid amount of added value, and the $10 you need to get into MTGO can get you a solid Frost Ring Arena deck. The complexity of play is about the same in both games, and there's nothing in MTG that doesn't have an analog in HEX. 

This is coming from a long-time paper magic player and die-hard mtg fangirl too. I *adore* magic, but in terms of which is the better digital TCG? HEX. Hands down. If a casual PvP scene existed in HEX, I'd be back in a heartbeat.  
How important are match-ups? I've seen that Lycanroc hammers has "mediocre to bad" match-ups with a lot of the meta, but my results don't seem to follow that. 
I'll give Regi a go too but also grab a zygarde and see where that takes me. 
I was considering Machamp, but also Regirock came to mind. That +10 may make a difference even if Regi becomes a bench sitter. 

I dunno. Trying to hit 10 basics and this last Pokémon is the one that's making me lose hair. 
I'm a long-time MTG player that's got a love of control and tempo decks. Unfortunately, I haven't really found a foothold in a similar archetype. I guess it's called disruption around here? 

At the moment, I'm running a Lycanroc GX hammers list and it kinda gets that feeling, but the coin flip nature of the hammers feels miserable, and squaring off against a GX with a big health pool feels really bad. (EX not so much. Thank you, carbink.) That said, I've yet to drop a single game, even against "real" decks like Turbo Darkrai, Mega Rayquaza, etc. Here's the list. https://imgur.com/AXRTZMP

Before I get a comment like "No Shaymin?," yes. I'm aware and working on that. Town map was also cut as of last night in favor of an Olympia. 

I'm willing to try almost anything at this point, but of people have ideas or lists for someone like me, it'd be appreciated.        
Unfortunately, yeah. Val and Sombra take up a lot of the same design space.
Huh. Never really thought of it that way, but it makes sense. 
In all fairness, they probably want good vibes for spoiler season instead of a slowly building sense of rage. It just saves them the grief of another round of "DAE think WOTCAHS is incompetent?!" posts from the get-go, and I have to imagine that's beneficial to their image. 
Their advice is not to crap on people for their class if it's not the speed-clear meta, that some classes have situational viability, and that people should know what each class is capable of and their shortcomings from my interpretation. If every group I was involved with had the perfect comp with perfect rotation and perfect mechanical awareness with perfect latency, I'd be following their comps to the letter. 

The unfortunate reality is that the world isn't perfect and you have to solve the puzzle with the pieces you've got on hand. God forbid you're just a *casual* group who still has a member or two finishing off their build or is new to the fight and the comp has to be adjusted to compensate for that. The issue is that on many circumstances where I've had to interact with someone from qT, these people don't seem to recognize this. We aren't following their advice to the letter, so we deserve to be dragged or, in some cases, sabotaged until they get kicked. 

Since they are the providers of information a lot of raiders build off of, seeing behavior like that blurs the lines between trolling and if they're actually being serious about something being "worthless trash." Which is it then? Situationally viable? Not worth taking? Acceptable until a better option comes along? Since they said it was trash, it must be trash now even though their post said it's just okay, right? It slowly breeds that there's one correct path, and all other paths are wrong, even if they said it's still a decent option. Oh, and reinforces that being a dick is acceptable, but that's a side effect. 

So, yeah, I love their data and their advice, but they should be considered heuristics for what your group should do at the moment and should work towards in the future. Not these axioms that people should be shamed for not following for one reason or another. 

Tl;dr- Great advice. Shit follow-through.  
Attack speed lulu always and forever. 
Not only is it the bullshit gatekeeper, it's a bullshit gatekeeper that's rather interactive and less impossible to dismantle when entering the late game.  

I'll take it over twin any day of the week. 
It works up until members start to "joke" about playing rev. Then the lines get blurry of if they're being serious about rev being "unplayable trash" or if it's still a decent add to pugs as a bit of insurance. 
Close to every individual of qT I've interacted was attempting to troll a twitch chat or grief a pug group. The head of a group can speak to an ideology all they want. It means nothing if the rest of the group isn't held to it. If the proverbial role models for a community aren't held to that ideology, the community won't follow it either. 

Anecdotal, I know, but it's just the unfortunate reality of things. 
God bless you folks at goldfish. This is the kinda resource I've been scouring the Internet for. Thank you so much! 
In the sense that it went back to how it was before and frees up a slot in the party for other roles? If that's power creep, I'll take it. 
But he was treated so unfairly at UC Berkeley, the home of free speech where a peaceful protest totally didn't get Black Bloc'd and it was just ornery liberals didn't like that he got invited! Someone think about poor, poor Milo! It's the liberals that are the proto-fascists! Those riots? Literally Brown Shirts! Those are nazi tactics! The liberal hypocrisy! Ask any if them what fascism means or when Hitler rose to power and you'll see that protesters don't know *anything!*/s 

(This is an actual argument I've heard on the subject from an Internet personality. He was also decrying that he's the poor, lone, unfortunate, persecuted conservative. Gee, fam. I wonder why.)
If a single mis-timed dodge because of latency is considered a failure in your eyes, you must be an absolute *hit* at parties. Devil's advocate or not, it's odd that the thought even crossed your mind.

It's a "failure" if they get hit every single time and die to basic skills more often than they dodge. As the saying goes, once is luck (be it good or bad).   
I feel like there's a bit of projection here. 
Commanderin MTG podcast confirmed that *ISLANDS* are in the set in an interview with wizards R&D. Does this mean they'll be banned in legacy? 
Rage is a renewable resource. 
Wants excessive amounts of magic because dragon. Wants to protect Aurene because baby sister. We may be on to something. 
Personally I think she's going to be the person who reveals who Lazarus really is. There's been speculation about her connections to Janthir, True sight, etc. Jory being with Lazarus would be a decent motivator for her to track where the two went. 

I'm wagering that around episode 6/7, we'll have to help Kasmeer out of some sorta issue she's having that's keeping her out of the story, then finding Laz+Jory and uncovering *the truth!*™
>1. Has this game a growing player base?

Yes.

>2. Has this MMO a good reward structure?

Yes. It's not generous, but the cost of decent endgame gear is low and it's overall easy to acquire. 

>3. Are there frequent content updates?

Yes? There's a major patch with story updates, new zones, and major features every 2 months with an expansion on the way. Smaller updates are every 2 weeks with QoL fixes, balance passes, and small features. 

>4. Is the ingame store fair?

Yes. You won't get any sort of advantage aside from experience boosters that let you level faster or convenience items. These can all be earned in-game without spending a cent by leveling up, doing achievements, logging in. 

>5. Is PvP good?

Yes. It has balance issue like every competitive game does, but it's fun for casual play. Competitive play needs some work. Once it's unlocked, you can enter and play immediately because you're automatically leveled to 80 in the PvP zone. 

>6. Is the game dieing?

No. It's one of the top 5 most-played MMOs in the world. There's a big bi-monthly update coming soon, so activity will be way up. Things slow in between updates, but it's never empty. 

 
Bogotter and Aurora_Peachy are both doing streams today where they're going over the patch and the story. 
In terms of learning mechanics and encounters, Thief/Daredevil is the way to go. You can make yourself nigh-unkillable if you just keep attacking the boss. You eat breakbars for breakfast (except on matthias). It's generally very simple to play as long as you have proper boon support from your chrono, druid, Warrior, etc. Someone is guaranteed to stick their nose up at you as a DD, and you *will* have trouble getting into groups. 

In terms of actually being able to join a group without some form of miracle, ele. They have support utility on top of their DPS and are generally seen as better than thief in pretty much every way because of that. They are, however, significantly less durable than a thief. If you aren't good at dodging, godspeed. You're gonna have a bad time. 

Tl;dr- If you want to get involved with randos and dodging some grief at the risk of being a glass canon, go ele. If you're willing to have troubles finding groups for an overall more smooth experience, Thief. 
Unrelated, check out their tragically small "Kickfarted" series. It basically goes into great detail on why Kickstarter and IGG products that made it to production suck. 
Apparently it needs more than two years in the oven? That's my only guess. 
[[Aether Snap]] 
Gonna qualify for worlds with my Secret Salvage Hedron Alignment wombo combo deck. I've been on a 4-0 streak on xmage. This deck is legit. 
Not gonna lie, a MOBA with all of the Planeswalkers (As in not just the gatewatch) as champions could be pretty dope. It could also be a disaster, but it could be dope.  
As you wish, but It's Magic Origins Dominaria. 
As split titles, sorrow. As a single, combined title, extreme happiness and an immediate desire to pre-order. 
Quick! Check his twitter and see if he's dropping cryptic hints again! 
It isn't, no, but it's one of the Iconic cards that people who may have fallen out of the game and current players familiar with wild will recognize 
The variances in poker are more significantly less complex to navigate than the variances in Hearthstone. There are exactly 52 elements that can be in play at any given time and the odds of something happening are actually simple to calculate and get a feeling of. 

Compare that to a card like Unstable Portal, which makes a random minion. There could be four or those in play at the start (2 for each player), but something happens that replicates spells. Now there's even more unstable portals that could make a random minion. Sure, you can calculate those odds, but the ability to reasonably predict any specific outcome is difficult because there's tons of possible ones. 
Nah. I just went to a uni that was D1 for hockey. Knowing the game was almost as required as coursework. 
If you're familiar with hockey, you may have heard the term "screening." It's usually used when a player obstructs the view of the puck from the goalie. This can be done on purpose by the offense, or on accident by the defense. 

The goalie in this metaphor is Ana. She can have perfect positioning, but may have to break it to get around the bunny-hopping S76 who's blocking all of the shots to the tank whether they know it or not. 

Be mindful of your team's positioning. Do not screen your Ana. 
What did they even do? Considering they helped Cheeto Bonito, I'm hesitant to do anything to support them ever again, but that doesn't stop my curiosity.
In the traditional sense, no. It's not P2W. You cannot dump excessive quantities of money into the game, win everything, and expect to achieve everything with ease compared to an F2P player or a player with just the expac. 

In an obtuse sense, yes, the expansion does provide some more options for character builds, and some of those options are situationally better than what you'll get in the vanilla game. Again, it's not what you would traditionally call "pay to win," but if it's a legitimate concern of yours, perhaps this genre of games may not be for you. This kinda stuff is commonplace in MMOs. 

If you're really, really concerned about being as optimal as possible without buying the expansion, play an engineer or necromancer. You'll get enough efficiency out of their vanilla builds that skill can compensate for anything else. 
Is it rare for a Herald to get kicked out of LFG for a pug? I'm not sure if it's only having 60LI or joining as a Herald/Daredevil that's getting me punted from groups. 

Edit: groups that aren't listing a specific role to fill in their post, to be specific   
Hell, it can even help groups with the "ideal" composition because the game and players sometimes get sloppy and don't distribute boons properly. This is especially important for boons like fury, which I still find missing on my bar even with double tiger druids. 

Whenever there's a Herald in the party, I never find myself below 20 might, without fury, without protection, and its uncommon to see me without quickness. Can't say that about the blessed mirror comp pseudohardcore speed runners want, even when I'm playing with them. 
Ah. I mixed the two up. They dumped a lot of expac details at prime. Still, don't get your hopes up until they start to tease something in-game like before. 
~~They tend to not do much outside of PAX Prime.~~ Don't get your hopes up.
No eldrazi in the top 8 or even the top 32. I'm slightly concerned about the position of the deck I just finished in the meta. 
Projection much? 
That can be rectified by educating people what warnings actually are, which you'd think colleges would be decent at doing. Conflating the two doesn't help the issue one bit. 
Would you say that movie poster with an "R" rating for depictions of violence and death is undermining itself because it implies someone in the film dies? This isn't any different from content warnings on games, film, or television. It's just put into a sentence instead of a succinct little box with symbols and keywords in it. 

It doesn't say who or why. The weight of what happens is still there. It just gives people who may not wanna read that kinda stuff (be it for mental health or just "I don't wanna read this shit" reasons) an opportunity to pass and get a Tldr. 
They even used the art for Exquisite Firecraft, which can't be countered*. Flavor fail on all accounts! /s   

*If she has spell mastery. 
Yeah, it's not something that makes a ton of sense. I know bashing content/trigger warnings is *en vogue* and all, but media's been doing it for literally decades. That rating with words next to it by the ESRB? Content warning. That square with alphabet soup you see at the beginning of some TV shows? Content warning.

This isn't censorship. In fact, it's the literal opposite if censorship. It's the creator giving people a heads up so some regulatory agency doesn't swoop in and make them change their work because of XYZ. Shit ain't new, people. 
I was in a similsr situation. 9/5 desk job. Low physical activity. Etc. You'll make some solid progress so long as you are *incredibly dedicated* to the KCKO cause. Figure out your macros using the calculator on the side and stick with them. I believe the recommended calculator has adjustment factors for level of activity, so you'll get something that will still work for you even if you're relatively sedentary. Also, make sure you get your electrolytes. Not only do they keep the keto flu away, they also keep your heart healthy. Those bits alone should start you on the path to weight loss. 

When you feel like you're up for it, take walks. If anything else, try getting up and walking for about 5 minutes every hour. Take a walk after you finish lunch. Just *walk* for your exercise for now, even if it's just a little bit. You can build into speed and distance later. If you stick with keto and the pounds start to come off, the pain will fade, you'll breathe easier, etc. It'll just naturally become easier to move your body and you'll be able to pick the intensity up. 

Good luck! A lot of people here have been in similar shoes to yours and have made *incredible* progress. With dedication, you will too! 
The hate *everywhere* is strong, which causes a hyperdefensive fanbase that can't handle criticism of the format since they see everything as an attack. 

Just let people play the damn game the way they want to play it and, if viable, capitalize on that trend. It's the core of what mtgfinance is about. 
What type of oil did you cook them, at what temperature, and how long did they cook? 
Properly deploy your threats. If you don't look at your hand and say "I can win through countermagic before their 4th land drop" you shouldn't just dump your hand and try to race them. It's a great way to put yourself in topdeck mode against an opponent who loves when you can only do one thing a turn. 

Quickly rebuild after a wrath. Of course you should maintain the above deployment concern, but you need to quickly rebuild your board presence in order to win. 

If you wanna get cute, Chord of Calling for Selfless Spirit. Use cards that grant indestructible. Run Kitchen Finks. 
The glory of "make your own format" is that you could totally run an extended FNM if you got the participants for it. 
Bingo. Frontier Falls into "make your own format." The only thing you *can't* so is run events with proxies/playtest cards and have them be an FNM or sanctioned.  
1. You didn't say a single thing about what's broken, so for all we know the error is between the monitor and the chair. 

2. This, as well as many desperate pleas to ANet, are better left to the forums. 

3. As it turns out, artists and modelers are, in fact, not designers/engineers and they as resources have zero bearing on LFG aside from maybe making it look prettier. Whining about outfits is best saved for asking why we don't have new armor sets. You know, things that are actually relevant to them. 
When you mention the aggression towards Georgia though, most people in the US will be like "HE DUN DIDN'T LAND TANKS IN ATLANTA"  
I got the last Chalice I need for Eldrazi for Christmas this morning. Time to participate in the king of all formats! 
I heard it, but with baptist and Catholic swapped, but I was raised baptist, so.... 
*southern baptist 

American Baptists exist on a massive spectrum of beliefs and ideologies because they have a practically nonexistent upper management structure. You can find a super liberal ABC, then a fire and brimstone ABC the next town over. 
I do a similar thing and say that I'm "Insulin Resistant," and give a semi-accurate-mostly-spin summary that boils down to "I can't eat a lot of carbs and I'll get sick if I do."
When it comes to preserving the health and well-being of tournament participants, yes, the HJ can make a judgment call to allow people certain electronic devices that would technically not be allowed. You should just tell them about it first. 
Some were

 http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_V96nVy3SFkM/Sw1maVL1B6I/AAAAAAAAACs/yyc_8BMmdXY/s1600/Picture+1.png
And even that aside, people did wild shit back then. It's just on the merits of the medium they recorded it on being easily destroyed that we don't see as much of it. 
>Can abathur put hat on Ragnaros while as fort? 

I encountered this last night! The hat stays on his head, but you can't use any abilities if I remember correctly. 
Same. I'd be an archivist or something relatively tame. 

The perpetual winter weather and lack of sunlight throwing off my circadian rhythm off would suck, but it's also probably one of the safest things you can do in Tyria, and that's fine by me.  
Welp. I regret selling my tonics now. 
>Charge me! 

You're at 15%. You'll live. 

>Gimme some WiFi! Now! 

I haven't stuck with this goddamn unlimited plan for no reason. Stop arguing. 

>New email! Read! 

Nah. Shit's junkmail from patreon anyways. 

>Answer this call! 

If it's important, they'll leave a message or call back. 

>A restaurant! Check in! 

Bitch, that app ain't even installed on this phone and if it is, it's getting uninstalled. 
But now they're all trying to assure people that even taking steps to reach a conclusion is totally unfounded and unreasonable. Anything to the contrary of that will get a firm "THIS IS WHY TRUMP WON."
It is correct. That's why pre-eye-ban eldrazi decks could play an endless one on turn one for "free"

Think of it as handing a coupon to the cashier. You haven't paid for the item yet, but the cost of it has been reduced for when you do have to pay.  To continue the metaphor, he's paying for a seven dollar item with five dollars and a coupon for $2 off. 
Which was hilarious because it was in early development clients, the dev client... Basically every client except public. 
I was expecting some troll video, but was pleasantly surprised that at least the description and first few seconds look legit. Thanks! I'll be sure to use this later. 
Google isn't sharing how to pull this off. What's your source for this? 
Informed consent via Planned Parenthood. It'll get you antiandrogens and E. 
They're suggesting you drink two gallons of water a day?! That's not entering internal drowning territory, but without a proper diet, someone drinking that much could have some wicked electrolyte imbalance issues 
You really do have to be careful when you're JUST on an antiandrogen though. Long-term, having lowered levels or T without E to compensate can lead to some significant health issues. You'll see a lot of that when reading about men who took finasteride for hair loss. 
Having 30k DPS means squat when they get corrupted by matthias and durdle in the center of the room because they don't know what to do or where to go. 
Cast it, then throw down Lili, flayer, or some removal spell? I think it may be tested at the very least. 
I have, and frankly it felt terrible having Visions in the main. Going against any deck with an aggressive strategy or other strategies that don't mind getting a full grip of cards at the cost of a couple life per turn means visions does more harm than good. Conversely, against slower decks, it feels amazing. They can't do anything about it but watch the clock slowly tick down. 

In short, it's moved to my sideboard for any grindy match-ups. 
I have never, ever gotten that to work. Ever. It's always been a soft, tasteless mush. If I left the meat in longer to maybe harden it more, it started burning and the meat was dry. Seemed like there was no butter zone for it. 
Partially. 

The first time I "stopped" keto was a year ago. I'd lost 60 lbs. Things felt good. I wasn't obese anymore. Everything was fine! I figured that I'd have the willpower to go back to eating carby things, so long as I ate "healthy" per what others think is healthy. 

I didn't gain much back because by the time I regained 15 lbs, I gave myself a firm "hell no" and went back to strict keto. Sure enough, the weight fell off, and I went down to a net 90 lbs lost. 

I've since kinda loosened up on my restrictions. There's a lot of stuff I just won't eat on principle, but I've learned what and how much breaks my satiety and triggers cravings. I know what constitutes enough calories for the day, and I can maintain while periodically being able to "break" keto because the circumstances don't provide me with an option other than "don't eat." Essentially, it's lazy keto but with a higher carb limit periodically. 

I DO NOT advise anyone do this unless you're serious to saying "if this slips, I'm going back to dedicates, carb tracking, calorie counting keto" 

To answer your questions... 

>
Would you consider the Keto diet a success for you?

Hell to the yes. 

>
If you were to try it again, would you ever go back to eating carbs?

I have to varying degrees of success. 

>
After going back to eating carbs, do you think that a no/very low carb diet is difficult to maintain in todays society? 

Oh fuck yes it is in my region, but it's getting easier. Low-carb staples like cauliflower rice, squash noodles, etc are starting to appear at he local grocery stores. People understand there's more than just "gluten free" on the line when it comes to carb-based dietary needs. Nobody looks at me funny when I skip the croutons. 

>
If there were better low carb options for your favorite foods, would you have had an easier chance with sticking to the diet and keeping the weight away?

If there was ever some legit low-carb Italian bread and easy ways to make crispy/crunchy coatings for meat, I would have zero reasons not to stay LC for good. 
Ishai/Bruse is, in my opinion, a better shell for a voltron strategy a la Shu Yun. If you're going for a control shell, Kraum seems better because he'll get you the resources you need to maintain control of the game. 
Gotchu, fam

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x2iS5KtQKQ8
He didn't even get the plurality of votes. Basic observation of the election stats shows anyone that. 
This and the "like five or six, my dude" are up there for me. 
It really is an advantage. In two months, I picked up everything than my mentor (who's been in the industry for 10 years) knows about the software the company uses. I've already entered "uncharted waters" according to my boss. I'm the only one in the office who knows how to use some intermediate functions of the program. 

All I did was Google up a tutorial, take some notes, and figure out the rest through trial and error. 
This is the first I've heard of rotation, though I can't say I'm surprised since it's almost a necessity for any TCG after a certain point. 

When is it even happening? Are they going to be reprinting some cards or making some "nonrotating" like MTG and Hearthstone have? 

A lot of decks I enjoy playing rely on set 1/2 cards (IE chlorophylia, counterspell, shard of instinct) so suffice to say, I'm a little concerned. 
You know, I don't think I ever expected this series to leave us on a cliffhanger. (such as this cliffhanger is.)
Yeah, music for the primal encounters are almost always a treat. There are few moments in gaming where I've laughed harder than when we phased Shiva and were treated to a sudden blast of J-Rock
[[Solemn Simulacrum]], any sac outlet, and [[Emeria Shepherd]] in a deck with a lot of plains. 

I know you're likely at still 7 mana to pull that off so it's a little win-more, but I ramped really, really hard after noticing that and I'd associate my with that game with that combo. 
Call me stupid, but what's CMV mean? 
The best Mercy in the world can't do much more than hope for a clutch revive when their team goes full Leeroy and overextends. 
You're getting a lot of sustenance today, then. 
Fuck that noise. White asparagus is delicious. 
People will take any opportunity to bash millennials these days... 

It's not a matter of entitlement in this particular instance. Other MMOs have systems of progression that are tied to gathering. Some of these include things like "gather faster," "gather more," or "stealth if you walk when gathering." FFXIV in particular has entire professions tied to gathering mats. 

Most modern MMOs have some strange progression system tied to gathering these days. If OP came from one of them, it's no wonder they feel the way they do. GW2's system is just simplistic by design, and I doubt they're going to change it much. 
So why is Liliana around? (other than to complete WUBRG) 
For being the non-gatewatch face of the set, she's had a pretty insignificant role... 

Heck, Ajani has had a more significant role thus far and he was hardly mentioned until some cards were spoiled that had him on them. 
My only guess is that the pitch was made behind the scenes and he turned it down. If that was the case though, I would have expected a throwaway line like "I told you, I'm not going."

Maybe Jace is just too flustered to extend the offer. 
My money is on her being the thread to Ahmonket. Either that's where she walked to and it's invisible because of Bolas bullshittery, or she walked to a private plane like the meditation realm because of Bolas bullshittery. 
The Secluded Glen is my favorite spot to just sit and experience some untouched Ascalon ambiance. 
Growly Steve Blum with his voice ever-so-slightly pitched downwards
I was thinking more Rytlock Brimstone. 
This is the second one that got to me. "The Truth of Names" was the first one, but that was for happiness and not for *emotional annihilation.*
He's my favorite walker too, and I hope he stays around. This story only made me love him more. I hope beyond all else that he joins the Gatewatch so he gets more screentime and brings more depth to the party. 

Maro noted that he's very popular with kids and "other groups of fans" (#letmarosayfurries2k16), so I'm *thinking* they won't shelf him again. 
It wasn't received well initially, so it's dampened the odds of a return trip. That being said, it polls well with newer fans who enjoy the plane for its outward-facing flavor. That popularity may increase the odds of a return trip. Maro has said he's taken this popularity into consideration even though the set initially had poor reception. 

Suffice to say, it's a definite maybe. 
And Elspeth... ;~;

Does this mean the Theros story happened in tandem with BFZ/OGW and FRF/DTK? If Ajani has been missing for months and Elspeth was part of the story circle, it means they would have to have formed before Theros happened. 

I could also be entirely off the mark. Maybe they were together before the Gatewatch happened and just adjusted their purpose. Who knows. 
Quite a few of them by the sounds of it. 
Correct me if I'm wrong, but was the boy in the "six months ago" section counting in Japanese? Does this mean Kamigawa speaks Japanese? Have we ever heard of other languages in the multiverse before? 
I'm guessing vintage storm or ravager shops sans restricted list. 
I'd be suspicious if it was a new account, but the dude has been around for a while, other leakers are saying it's legit, a screenshot put through a filter reveals a watermark... 

I'm not gonna get my hopes up a lot, but it's not beyond the realm of possibility that this person just has an unfortunate username. 
I'm guessing you're between [8] or [9] right now, so leveling with you is gonna be difficult. 
It sounds like the scope of that game is absolutely gigantic. Hopefully they don't go overboard. 
These two really seem to enjoy pulling that combo off. This would be the third time they wanted to do it? 

Edit: I'll just... Leave that phrasing as-is... 
The most important question now is... What do we call this ship? 
Start the gatewatch civil war in an attempt to cause Nissa and Chandra to break up? 
>She thought of Ashaya then, her elemental companion-

Nono, Nissa! It's fine! You don't need to think about Ashaya! Do not think about Ashaya! 
If the whole scope of killing the dragons is that it throws Tyria out of balance, I'm guessing Gleam will appear sooner or later. As time goes on, we're going to realize that Aurene can't support stabilizing Tyria by herself, so (somehow) Gleam will be dredged up and set up to help his sister keep Tyria from going sideways. 

He's gonna become the yin to Aurene's yang. 
Something terrible that Aurene will have to fix, I'd guess. 
Are there any decks similar to that that would be viable in this meta? I was looking at Yasi's WD list too, but it doesn't seem to have any higher standing than the winter moon combo deck. 
As a new player who's looking into laddering (since it seems to be the only way to do constructed PvP) what are the take-aways from this? How should I prepare any decks I make for these lists? Should I pursue building one of these decks, or stick with my winter moon/starlight pathfinder jank pile?
Everything is fine. This is home now. 
Your first mistake was not getting married the moment you left high school. That's how it used to work, and goshdarnit it should still work that way! 
When I played oloro, I just leaned back in my chair and stared when I wasn't doing anything. Does that count? 
I'm calling him Lazzy D personally. 
Yep. If someone goes for the combo/the kill and they get interrupted, they have little right to be salty when someone else does it after them. 
When people nitpick the complicated playstyle of a deck.

I get that handling a pile of triggers on upkeep for something like Gitrog can get a little complex, but please don't interrupt me with comments like "why do you play decks like this?" or "I hate decks that do this" or "People always lose track of stuff in these decks." or the best one "decks like this shouldn't be allowed in the format."

Shut up and let me organize , announce, and execute my triggers in peace. The more you blather about how complex decks are bad for commander, the more I wanna smack you upside the head and/or screw up because I'm distracted.
I'm thinking they'll only do bosses that they can justify outside of the raids. We've seen lots of enemies with the structure of VG in the past. It stands to reason that there'd be at least one other sloth in Tyria. There could even be justification for something like Matthias, KC, or Sab in the real world. Nameless bloodstone infused cultist, a mursaat construct guarding the door of komalie, some rando bandit, etc. 

Things like Gorseval or Xera seem very unique. I don't know how they could be applied to the open world with an easy lore hook. 
Water is essential for continued survival. Giving affinity, an already dominant archetype, a new plaything would be more like an energy drink. It has the essentials. A new card that benefits the archetype would be a luxury. 

A more apt turn of phrase would be "Water, water everywhere, but I want a red bull instead." 
Magic: the Ameturing 

It's a podcast hosted by two women who wanted to chronicle their journey as MTG players in a comedic light. It's generally a humorous cast, but they've dipped into heavier subjects like women in magic. These opinions have been met with backlash, outrage, mansplaining, etc. They often make rebuttals, and therefore are *total absolute garbage vile safespace-making feminazi cancer that's killing MTG and the world by extension with political correctness.* 

(Italicized text does not reflect my opinions at all!) 
The surprising and/or nauseating thing is how they must think this kinda behavior is sensible and will bring positive exposure. 

Like, sorry dude, trying the old "trigger the SJWs" strategy doesn't work the way you think it will anymore. 
Does kuldotha or reality acid need another bouncer? If so, here it is. 
And it's a 2/2
Out of the loop here. SRS? 
He seems like he's gonna be a nasty antagonist type, so I'm betting that if he's not in KLD, he'll be in ARV. 
Not in KLD, per Maro's statements on Tumblr. 
It also may explain the "trap" that Chandra falls into and Ajani bails her out of. 
Except she goes big while Rhys goes wide. 

The two are gonna be good friends, I'd bet. 
I love ajani. He's my favorite planeswalker. I'll never argue with his inclusion in any set. 

But *why is he on Kaladesh in this place at this time to save Chandra's butt?!*
This whole "lack of hand holding" thing baffles me. In my opinion, GW2 (and GW1 at that) has some of the most clearly explained and presented mechanics in the industry. When I was starting out, I couldn't think of a single mechanic that left me confused. The only thing that I didn't grasp immediately (and still don't grasp after they changed it all again) are infusions. I just get to 150AR and call it a day. 

The same can't be said for other MMOs that I've played with the exception of ESO. Either I get fifteen dozen tooltips thrown at my face the moment I make my first character, or hardly anything gets explained at all outside of the main questline. 
I don't believe there is any word on improving the effects of the juggernaut on scrapper. I can confirm, however, that there is very little that it does to your effects. 
Someone cast [[Debt to the Deathless]] for what would be lethal to everyone at the table. Unfortunately, he forgot that the "hugs" player at the table had a [[hivemind]]. Because I was the last player in turn order, my copy of debt resolved first, killing the other three players. 

I literally did nothing and won somehow. 
We don't know if they're gonna do anything to improve P/P anytime soon. Shortbow has tons of utility and is guaranteed to hit multiple enemies if they're in range, so unless you're all about single target burst damage against things that can't dodge or reflect, you're better off with SB. 

If you're looking for a casual PvE spec for dungeons, fractals, etc, a staff or D+D/P+P build is sweet. Not good. Not bad. Just *sweet.* Don't bring it into raids though. You won't be making friends that way. 
Downvotes tend to happen when you post things that don't contribute to the topic at hand amongst other things. 

That's how it should work, anyways. 
There's a reason this design space is not explored at all. 
Indian person is disappointed in the absence of cultural representation of Indian people in the "Indian" themed set. 
Think about it though. Filigree-wearing Rakshasa elites running the black market around the races and living decadent lives off of deals they make with unknowing pilots. He can get you the *best* parts for your speedster, but boy could you pay the price for it if things don't go well. 
The aetherborn are neat and all, but Rakshasa would have been a cooler black icon in my opinion. 

You can *never* have too many cats. 
The post rambles and burried the lead a few times, but the point the author is trying to make is that there *aren't* any markers aside from names and architecture (vaguely). The problem is that they call it representation when it is hardly representing anything. 
It makes me wonder if this is the result of the extents that WotC took to not "appropriate" the culture of the region. In their intense need to respect what they are representing, they sanitized it to the point of only vague recognition. I get why they put the kid gloves on for this one, but the author does have a point. If you're gonna represent a culture, actually represent it and do it accurately. Don't leave it as window dressing because you're concerned some SJWacko is gonna have a conniption. 

No Vedalkin Shiva-wannabe? Understandable. Being careful about elephants? Okay, sure. There's some iconography that would be best to avoid, but that doesn't stop you from putting lesser-known folklore and other cultural mythos nods in. That whole point about Rakshasa is a great one. It could have been a black iconic and played a role like it did in Tarkir. 

Tl;dr- Kaladesh does a decent effort of cultural integration and representation, but they're learning and they've got a way to go. 
Stop enabling him with free publicity. 
A PvE mode would get me back in the game SO fast
Oloro gives no fucks as he sits upon his throne of triple digit life totals 
Can we get *any* citation for this? 
This is gonna turn into a standard brew, isn't it? 
Never underestimate the internet's ability to boil a character down so much that only the most simplified, bland elements are all they focus on. 
To Ghave with you! 
It doesn't confirm it exactly, but I'd say the odds are against Tezz being in this set for the sake of color balance. 
With this new card, such as it is, Chandra now has more planeswalker cards than Jace. She also now has more story mentions than him. 

~~Does this mean reddit will stop shitting on him and go for Chandra now since she's "everywhere?" INB4 Chandra is a Mary Sue~~
Nissa in the set could help with the color balance that WotC wants to maintain given what we've seen already. 
I'd guess that the gameday playmat art would be for a new Nissa in the set, yes. Art like that doesn't feel like it would just be for some one-off card. 
Given that these walkers are intentionally designed to be underpowered, it's no surprise. 
~~So for all intents and purposes, it's a 3-mana 4/4 haste?~~

The first turn is "free." Every turn after that, it's a tax to keep it alive. Interesting. 
Hopefully someone sees this in this thread. 

I'm a returning player from launch who had to drop their sub because of financial reasons. I managed to get up to 50, but didn't spend much time in the endgame. 

Since the game is F2P now and I have the money to spare, I bought a level 50 boost thinking everything would come back to me. Surprise! It didn't. 

So much seems to have changed that I'm having a little difficulty keeping track of what I should be doing or where I should be going. The game certainly didn't help since most of the quests it gave me were a tour that I didn't need and a smattering of quests over the communicator from levels 15 to 41.

I've got a firm grasp on builds and combat. I'm just looking for the proper direction to head in. 
It's a common issue with the blog. People post something out of context, then provide perfect context in the quotation credit. 
Karn is made of silver, which apparently can handle traveling through time rifts, planar portals, the blind eternities, etc. He was also given a spark by Venser, so he can travel all he wants. 
I would assume so. 
As a bant eldrazi player, this card makes me feel a little sick to my stomach. 
And then their acronym would be BLAM and that would be dope. 
The *only* time I will say the statement *isn't* correct is when it comes to a good sub. 

Given the choice between a roast beef sub or a roast beef wrap, I'll pick the sub 10 times out of 10. I'm not talking about a Quiznos or Subway thing here either. I mean one you'd get from your local deli or, even better, sub shop. This does, however, mean that the floor is lower than a standard burrito, but the ceiling is higher. 

That challenges the "strictly better" terminology, but I think some people will let it slide. It's one of those corner cases like "this version dodges Chalice on 1." I just can't fit it into the argument since subs were omitted from the conversation. 

The ultimate deciding factor would be to include subs in the conversation. What is your opinion on subs, /u/LSV?

(Also I'm sorry for tagging you in this post, but I'm genuinely curious what your answer is.)
I'm around the same region Saff is from, so a lot of the people at my LGS say card names the same way he does. The regional accent is... strange to say the least. 
Speak for yourself 
Hell, even some of the Atkins stuff is cheaper than this is. I get the frozen stuff for lunches and they're like $4 each. 
/uj

IMHO, a remark like that isn't really a polite one to make regardless of the person being asked and their gender identity and presentation should be irrelevant. Inb4 joke police essjaydoubleews restricting speech, but c'mon. 

/rj

I liked old vedalken better... 
How does it handle getting focused? 
I think we mean the same thing, but I got too cute with the wording. 
I'm a little wary that "tribal commanders should bring tribal support" wasn't a lesson learned. Then again, I don't think there's any major tribe outside of werewolves that don't have a solid pick for a tribal commander, so there may not be anyone left to disappoint. 
This thread in a nutshell 
Doesn't make it any less stupid. Sure, it gives the ability some usage outside of your opener, but it would come at a cost of damage or survivability (or both) in high-level PvE to leave that skill up. It's effectively a nerf to Herald. 
There's plenty of people who enjoy it. The issue is that this is the current go-to for internet ire, so there's a lot of negativity going around. Sooner or later, it'll all shuffle over to a different game to repeat the hype/rage cycle over and they'll be gone from here. 
Tribalism 
Shill? Did I accidently enter /r/politics? 
Negative karma, I'd wager. 
The attack helicopter thing has faded a little since people who have it pointed at them have formulated a somewhat logical rebuttal. 

Edit: for the curious, it's a jab of if you're actively transitioning to become a helicopter. It's something like "Have you replaced  everything you eat and drink with gasoline and batteries yet? When is the surgery for the armor plating grafts and rotor installation?" etc.
The next best one is where they label the doors, but the labels are totally incomprehensible except for the braille (if they even have braille). 

Am I the upwards triangle or the downwards triangle? One says "male and handicap" while the other says "male." What's my option? Go to the sushi spot next door? 
If I, a natural-born American citizen, get deported because of depression, they better put me in Canada. I'd prefer it at that point. 
You mean aside from the terrifying lack of empathy? 
My playgroup has always been quippy with countermagic, so it's something that's grown on me. Sometimes it's as simple as "Let's remand that" or "I'm gonna have to say no to that" Other times its "Let's *not* do that. (counter name)."

The silliness goes away entirely when it's anything higher than regular REL, but it's there and just seemed normal to me. 
1. No. 

2. No. 

3. F2P and Heart of Thorns. Heart of Thorns gives you the full base game and expansion. F2P gives you access to the base game with restricted social features to limit gold sellers. 

4. Dungeons, Fractals, WvW, Raids, achievement hunting, and gaining prestige items are your endgame. Raids require the expansion. 

5. You'll get around 60 FPS in most zones with 30 in heavily populated areas and events with a couple of tweaked settings.

6. No mounts. There are little cosmetic things called "minis" that you can collect or buy. Currently they have no purpose other than cosmetics. 

7. Queues are only around when WvW is full or you're trying to get into ranked PvP. Queues are nonexistent in PvE and hotjoin PvP. 

8. Nope. 

9. Healing is kinda reserved to two endgame sub-class things that are part of the expansion. Both are incredibly potent and required for most raid encounters. Outside of raids, they're just there as support. If you wanna heal, roll a Ranger or an Elementalist. 

Edit response: This sub downvotes anything and everything. Don't worry about it. 
/r/thathappened
I can't possibly think if any way for a title to be implemented aside from how it is now. Unless a game has slipped my memory, it's always been based on accomplishments in every MMO and will usually be a little line of text by the character name. It's a definite case of "if it ain't broke, don't fix it."

I could always go for more titles though, but they should mean something. 
I've tanked as a Herald before and it's a ton of fun. You still hand out boons because you're sitting in Glint like usual with a slightly adjusted rotation. 

The issue is that it's a significant DPS loss, and that can matter if your squad has low overall damage. 
Queen Marchesa (long may she reign) is quite funny as well. 
According to /r/The_Donald 's narrative, LGBT people love Trump! They have pictures of at least a dozen people holding signs! A dozen! Bring on the ultraconservative justices who will revoke national gay marriage! It's what we need in this nation! A fundamental upheaval of the systems that protect our rights! 
That explains a lot. I'm in NY and wondering why the heck there's no Clinton ground game or advertisements here. It's probably because the state is in her favor, so she isn't bothering. 
That's downright nauseating. 
LOOK AT THE WIKILEAKS TWITTER POLL THOUGH HE'S UP BY 50 POINTS HIGH ENERGY MAGA CENTIPEDES! 

Yes. Wikileaks. That site that's getting lots or buzz in alt-right circles and is predominately ignored elsewhere when Julian devices to try and build hype instead of just leaking. I can imagine how that would be the perfect hotbed for the most non-baised polling. Even CTR can't fix it. We got there, boys.
Which polls? 
So how does this reconcile with /r/The_Donald 's claims that he's gaining ground with the demographics that aren't traditionally republican aligning with him?

I'm at the point where all these claims about polling being weird this election almost seems believable with this 32D Elder Dragon Highlander that's happening.
I swear to god, the concept of "Mary Sue" is the most misused literary term on the internet. 
But mememaw! I thought you were against the gubbermint snoopin' in on our lives! You really want them to start pulling more receipts than an SJW? 
Surely OP will deliver ;~;
That "may" on the second ability is a bit puzzling. You could just -1 him for no effect whatsoever. What benefit is there for that? 
Very interesting commander. That first ability can become crippling depending on what your meta looks like. 

Is there anything that could make the second ability busted? It seems pretty safe, but also has the potential to do powerful things. 
A coworker who spent a lot of time in Russia was very quick to point out how some there labeled Bernie's call for socialism "similar" to what happened in the USSR and what caused them to collapse. 

I feel like he's not going to talk about this one though. 
In-game compensation for in-game action is completely fair. "Don't attack me and I'll let you keep the creature," or "if you let me draw a card off of this spell, I'll vote for the choice you want" is totally okay. Conversely, "Don't attack and I'll buy you a beer" or "Let me draw a card off of this spell and I'll give you a pack" has little place in 'official' events. That stuff should be left at the kitchen table. 
I had one spawn right next to me when pulling green over to blue on VG. It was disorienting as hell. Some guildies also saw ones spawn on Gorseval's and Sab's platforms last weekend. 

This is all just too spooky. 
It's a gw1 flashback skin. If this thing were put up as a legendary, reddit would shit itself in utter rage for recycling an old weapon skin instead of making a new one. 
I'm glad I wasn't alone in thinking it was a 2/2
It took me a moment to realize what it was. 

I-

I need a minute. 
They removed it for aetherpath. Let's just say there was a reason it was affectionately known as FU. 
The build is by no means meta-viable, but function gyro has utility in raids and high-level fractals. 

1. FG can pick a raider up or at least sustain them until the healer gets there with zero DPS loss on behalf of the scrapper (you know, aside from the effective DPS loss of *being* a scrapper). 

2. FG can get someone up in fractals before the avenger dunks them in some situations. 
I like the little whoooosh though ;~;
Fblthp now has a distant, angrier cousin on Fiora who flips the bird at strangers. 
Strategic bankruptcy is a sound business strategy! It gets rid of bad assets after you've acquired a new business! It's a savvy decision! 

-things my coworker has said unironically 
People who say making X board decision is wrong against Y matchup and that I should be running card Z out of my board instead. 

Like, buddy, either I know and I'm making due with what I have financially, or I have a specific reason why I'm not running it. I don't care that Rule of Law hoses storm better than RIP does. RIP hoses more decks than one or two. Please tell me more about how your dredge deck isn't weak to it. By that, I mean "okay dude. Just put the bloodghasts into exile and be done with it."

Bant Eldrazi, by the way. 
The climber was a Trump supporter. Brave conservative willing to overcome insurmountable odds to speak with the god-emperor. 
Man, if disliking Trump and supporting content that brings his flaws out makes me a HRC/CTR shill, I'm gonna start wondering when the surprise check shows up.
I honestly can't tell which by looking at the art. Her presence in the foreground makes me think it's a card of her, but the looming elephant and her placement in the foreground screams instant or sorcery that gives stuff trample. 
Unless we have some other apocalypse fuel surface on Kaladesh, we may be getting a story with similar themes from there too. That's the hope at least. A nice, local story that doesn't involve tentacles, strange oil, or scheming dragons. 

... Actually, that last one is fine. I'd be okay with scheming dragons. 
Given the possible themes of both artifacts and upheaval of political structures for Kaladesh, I'd wager that's the case. 
Can I get an ELI5 on why this is cool? 

Edit: from a lore perspective, I guess. I know they're gw1 skins. 
I feel like this is a hint of things to come, yeah. 
Ruled.Me has recently started up a YouTube channel with some of the recipes featured on the website. While not strictly Keto, Food Wishes is a channel with great ideas, some of which can easily be keto-fied. 

Otherwise, refer to what others have mentioned in this thread. 
If it isn't propaganda, it's *the narrative!*
There was the Spinnin' Sessions for the release of Come Back. Not sure if that counts. 
I don't consider pointing out something that actually happened to be "edgy." This grandma-level nonsense is stuff that the alt-right seemingly devours. 
Also a fitting submission to /r/forwardsfromThe_Donald since it was quite a successful post over there. 
It comes with the territory when they're attempting to bake diversity into their marketing strategy. They're putting themselves under a pretty harsh lens and are going to get scrutinized by more than just SJWs. Just look at what Vice recently ~~cherry-picked~~ wrote. 

Doing this kinda stuff is almost next-level. Not only are they making as sure as possible that they're making an "accurate" character, but they've now got proof that they're trying when the next journalist or SJW thinks they're gonna pull some receipts. 
Frankly I think they're making it interesting with the more recent additions to the story. 

Jace has shifted from some all-knowing flawless character to someone who's socially awkward, anxious, and incapable of interacting with strangers in a normal fashion. 

The telepathic ability and general "mind mage" stuff has him interacting with others in a place only a few others can work with. He can know everything about a person, but not actually *know* the person. Every time we brush with his subconscious, it reminds him of a lot of how he can be insufferable, awkward, physically weak, etc. 

I was on the Jace hate train until recently, but they've really stepped up their game with writing him as of the Origins reboot. 
Coming from someone with similar specs to yours (albeit shorter and older amongst other things), I'm gonna offer some advice. When you've lost what you want to lose, don't go entirely off keto. Live life low-carb. Don't sweat the *occasional* indulgence, but don't ever go full carb again. Some people can go back to that lifestyle without trouble, but you'll find a lot of people around this sub who've tried it go back to keto or stick with an LC lifestyle. Your mileage may vary. 

Oh, and zoodles are great. Learn how to make zoodles. 
It was also near the top of /r/The_Donald a day or two ago. 
... Wait, you really want to know about Aldrich? 

Yeah! 

Okay, so Aldr- Anyways that's Aldrich. 
It's a combination of trying to make an "accurate" character and a bit of butt-covering in the event some SJW-types start pulling receipts. WotC can now say that a PoC wrote a character who is also a PoC. It leads to an okay character and a mark of representation almost every possible angle. 

It may sound silly, but there seriously are people who will nitpick to that extent. An example I can think of was someone dragging the writers of OitNB because of their race versus the races of their cast because of a single thing a character said. 
Gee, I can't imagine how she might get involved with the main plot with that skillset (cough)ELSPETH(cough). 

Completely baffled. 

... Although, there's some neat stuff a character like this could do on a return to return to Ravnica considering the situation with the Orzhov when we saw something from there last. 
Considering the whole "kill the thing that usually doesn't die" gig, it's no wonder her fees are so ghastly. 
Marshall is well-spoken and could totally cover constructed, but he'd be a better ~~color~~ play-by-play commentator than anything else. Pairings like LSV+Marshall usually work out well. 

Not sure WotC understands the concept of caster roles/dynamics entirely with who they put up in the booth sometimes though. 
I've never come across anyone who's been belligerent after a game, but I have played people who've been kinda bitter. 

I played UW control during Eldrazi Winter and got paired with a GW Elves player. Even after he played a Cavern of Souls, I was throwing Remand at things just to try and cantrip into a wrath/wincon. He started getting visibly frustrated after the second wrath each game, and by the end of the round he kept grumbling about how "fucking control always has answers..." I don't think he's been back to the store since. 
It has a decent place in the metagame. You just need to be aware of the match-ups it's not great against and learn to play through them or tune your SB accordingly. 

Decks that move quickly have a chance of setting up shop before you even get close. These are things like Infect, Burn, and Zooicide. Affinity is dodgy if you don't resolve an early Stony Silence. Other fast decks require you to cut off their strategy with disruption like Storm, Dredge, and Living End. This is what your sideboard is for.

When you have to grind against decks like Jund or Grixis, you've got some decent chances. Unless they gut your hand and have a fast start. With the exception of Goyf, your creatures are bigger and usually don't die to bolt. Drowner and Displacer are complete houses in these kinds of MUs. The notable exception is Abzan when it's got the Melira/Anafenza combo. That's a Path to Exile or bust kinda moment. 

Control is iffy. If you land your cavern of Souls against blue lists, you feel like an absolute boss. That's a big if though. You also need to pace your threats and be careful not to overextend (Unless it's scapeshift. Then just go ham and beat them to death) That hand where you vomit everything into the board by T4 seems great until they wrath and stabilize. Nonblue control like RG tron is a little rough, and essentially puts you on the aggro+disruption gameplan. Get your stuff on the table and get in before they get all the pieces they need. Once they stick their wincon (IE Karn), things get dicey for you. 

Again, I'd say it's a good deck with a home in a midrange/control meta. If you think aggro isn't going to be huge, you're likely not going to go wrong with Bant Eldrazi. 
Draw go more like me when in mana screwed am I right DAE mana screw WotC pls fix. 
It's a tradeoff of lowering the calories by cutting the cream cheese with increasing the overall carbs. I also think it has a better texture, and has generally behaved better than any other crust I've made thus far. 
Not entirely sure to be honest. Luck? Docking it? This is my go-to dough recipe that trades off carbs for a lower calorie count. The result is a soft crust that's kinda like your floppy, Brooklyn style pizza. 
The recipe is as follows:

- 2 1/3 cups low moisture part skim mozzarella cheese (560 cals, 49g protein, 42g fat, 3g carb) 

- 1/4 cup almond flour (160 cals, 6g protein, 14g fat, 6g carb) 

- 1/8 cup coconut flour (80 cals, 2g protein, 8g fat, 2g carb) 

- 1 egg (70 calories, 6g protein, 5g fat, insignificant carbs (but putting 1 in the total)) 

- 1 tsp xanthan gum (negligible) 

- 6 mozzarella string cheese sticks (420 cals, 30g protein, 30g fat, 3g carb.

- 1/8 cup sauce (20 calories, 2g carbs. Negligible rest) 


Do the usual cheese thing. (melt 2 cups cheese in the microwave. Add dry ingredients and egg. Mix. Reheat when necessary.) Flatten out the dough on a pizza pan with parchment paper. Slice the cheese sticks in half and arrange them about an inch inside the edge of the crust, then roll the crust over it. Be sure a seal is made to keep the cheese in place! Prod the crust a few times with a fork, and place it in the center of a 425 degree oven for 10 minutes. After 10 minutes, take that out of the oven. Add the sauce and remainder of the cheese. Bake for another 5 minutes, and it's done. Let rest for a few minutes before digging in. 

Totals (whole):

- 1310 calories 

- 93g protein 

- 99g fat 

- 17g carbs 
A slice or two (certainly not the whole thing) is a great way to end a day of fasting though! 
I did a similar sub for this recipe and it turned out pretty darn well! 

The only thing I would change in the future would be to lower the amount of whole eggs and substitute with egg yolks. If this cooks too long, it cracks like nuts because of the whites from the egg. Cutting down on whites and adding yolks means less cracks and also makes the lemon bit more custard-like. 
All is sacrifice. All is sacrifice! 
What's the build for that? 
While not a lot of folks probably care about the guy anymore, VGs pathing is weird too. Every now and then, he'll just run southeast. There's no players there. The tank didn't have an adventure. He just decided to go for a few seconds. 

It doesn't make the fight impossible. Just wildly annoying. 
"TOO SOON! YOU HAVE AWAKENED ME TOO SOON!" 

I figured that the imprisonment would mean they could tap into her as a later plot thread, but I didn't think it would be like this. While they broke the rules of force-of-nature enemies by having Jace interact with her, they still managed to leave it hanging in the creepiest, most eldritch way possible. 
How does this connect with what we know of Kozilek and his brood from Tazri's story? 
Wherein people with social anxiety identify with a planeswalker. 
I'm surprised how quickly it wrapped, but yeah. This is not what I was expecting to see. 
If this was intentional, they were playing the hella long game. 
And yet the community voted for it. 
And that little hanging moment before the rewards popped up. It was the perfect amount of time to go "Oh alright nothing maj-... Wait, what? What?!" before realizing that's it. 
His videos are chill and entertaining to boot. He takes his time to explain lines of play, why they were right/wrong. Easily one of the strongest UWR players on YouTube. 
/r/forwardsfromreddit
Cam's philosophies are surprisingly effective ones to live by. 
It's the new "You're just sayin' what THE MAN told you!" 

Don't get me wrong, gatekeeping information is not healthy for people staying educated and informed, but there comes an extent where blaming the narrative doesn't apply. 

IE: I've watched Trump's speeches and read tweets he's made in the past and formulated my own opinions of him. As both are primary sources, it's a little tricky for a media narrative to be created, but by saying "He sounds like he'd fail a turing test" means I've bought into THE NARRATIVE. 
You forgot atheist. A gay muslim communist atheist. 
Easily my favorite part of the profession. It doesn't care what your healing power is. All it asks is for you to get the snot beaten out of you in a window of a few seconds. Most mobs are happy to comply. 
When lists are tight and some of the modes of the charm/command might as well not even be on the card at all, charms and commands just don't meet replacement value against other cards. As you say in your post, there are just better cards. 

They're not universally too weak or too expensive to see play. It's just that most of them aren't good enough to see play. 
Number two is my biggest pet peeve ever because it's one of the easiest things to notice in media and at the range.

As my old instructor would say, "keep that booger-pickin' finger off the trigger!" 
And at least you don't have literal failed crafting attempts in GW2. Other MMOs are have failure chances when you're sinking mats into high-end gear.
There's so many signs that things are going to hell that it makes me wonder if anything is going to happen at all. 

Like, this seems *too* obvious. It'd be a plot twist if they didn't blow DR up/kill Jennah. 
She's been pretty cold to him in canon. There's even story instances where Jennah will res everyone BUT Logan. 
You're really going to feel the difference between having the caverns and not having the caverns. It's what turns a difficult control matchup to something that bends in our favor. The groans I get when the thing hits the table against grixis/jeskai/UTron are the best. 

Heirarchs are some pretty big game with the exalted trigger, but the difference between running a set of them and a set of birds is only a few percentage points. You'll be fine there. 

All around, your list looks pretty solid. I'd advise trying to get your hands on the caverns though. The card is versatile in every tribal strategy, so you'll get value no matter what. 
For real. TYT is downright horrid.
She's still a she with an illusion or not. The delineation of gender doesn't fall perfectly in line with someone's body parts. IE, not all people who lack a uterus or ovaries are men by default. The word "hysterectomy" exists for a reason. 

It's not a "fancy travesty." Maybe she's planning on medically transitioning someday, but they process takes years and piles upon piles of money. Instead of walking around as a transwoman who doesn't pass or just stay in the closet, she's opted to use illusions in the interim. That way, she can socially transition in the interim. 

Why use illusions? Because trans people are at a sizeable risk of assault just for presenting as the gender they identify as, but not *perfectly.* With illusions, that worry is gone. She can look like as much of a woman as she wants while her body catches up. 

She only says who she was because people (the NPC and the PC) ask. Due to the limited interactivity possible for one little NPC, it's unfortunately all we see that character do. 
If a trans person doesn't perfectly look like the gender they identify with, they could be subject to harassment, assault, etc. The process to reach that point often requires months, if not years of specialized medication regiments and maybe even some expensive surgeries (not just a plumbing adjustment. Things like plastic surgery, breast augmentation/mastectomy, etc.)

... But if you're a mesmer, they can just throw an illusion on they that adjust their features to look more masculine/feminine. Now they pass instantly and will be less likely to be harassed, assaulted, etc. They can still transition medically, but it won't stop them from being out of the closet socially in the meantime. 

The character in GW2's open about it because characters ask quite politely, so she explains. Turns out that Tyria is quite a socially progressive place. 
Have you seen her outfit though? Chandra isn't one to talk about uncomfortable outfits. 
I mean that Red is allied with Green and Black and it's fair for her to dig both of 'em. 
Insert the "good shit" copypasta here. 
It's only a matter of time... 

(and real talk, even though there's bound to be claims of pandering if Chandra is bi/a lesbian, I think it's rad as fuck that the plot would have an LGBT+ protagonist (that isn't Jace (I know a lot of people that ship Jace with Gideon or Ral)))
Izzet makes *the best* cocktails. 
The key is to not let this interaction go stale. 

This is block number two. We're still in the "getting the team together" stage of the story, so having everyone around again isn't that bad. Block number 3 might be able to get away with all five being a focal point since it's establishing the group dynamic with everyone present, but if it continues with the full role call for blocks four, five, six, seven, etc with no shake-up... 

Let's just say that marketing is going to have to re-plan their strategy in 3/5 years. 
Channel and [[Fall of the Titans]] cast with surge, so close enough. 
With the track record of 1:1, she's not wrong. 
>"Ah, the meat can reason!" Liliana Beamed. 

Fucking *savaged.*
Hey, they're allied colors after all. They can get along just fine. 
With 8 moon effects in the deck, how does running 12 nonbasic feel? Are they just something for the early game to make wolves un-counterable or to ramp out a threat/moon early? 

I vaguely entertained the idea of running the Hanweir Garrison/Battlements combo, but all of the moon effects made me reconsider. 
A majority of that area (shown in the trailer and not the screens that were edited into the post) seems to be straight out of Stronghold of the Faithful, including the tower, the rotunda where Keep Construct is, the ramparts with bloodstone turrets, etc. 
... No? The original comment that I responded to said something in regards to concealed carry. This is open carry, hence my response. What you're saying is not my argument at all. 
Thank you for adding additional information that has no relation to what I said. 
To everyone who wants to see Jace dead: Here you go. Enjoy your little slice of the dead Jace AU. 
1. This has nothing to do with WotC. OP is asking what's up and what they should have done. 

2. It wasn't concealed. Did you read the post at all? 

3. The ban of individuals who have served their sentences has nothing to do with this post. 

4. You can still bring a gun into a church and be boisterous if you're permitted to carry. 
Maybe it should have been brought to the attention of the LGS owner/operator? If something is going down that's making you or people you know significantly uncomfortable, it should be brought to the attention of the manager. They won't know it's a problem until they're told. 

There is a nonzero chance that if the individual in question was requested to put his pistol back in his vehicle, he would comply. Can't judge a book by its cover and all. 
They got rid of a lot of it being produced by the human userbase. 

The bot userbase, on the other hand... 
https://www.guildwars2.com/en/news/hidden-arcana-role-playing-the-revenant/

All you need to know. 
Depending on the TO and your relationship with them, it may be worth encouraging them to use decklists. While they're a pain in the backside, they're also a nice insurance policy. 
The downside is that it's now a bit more difficult for L1s and Judge Candidates to get experience working at and running Competitive REL events. 
I'm surprised how optimistic the legendary werewolf section of this column was. Ulrich's reception has by and large been negative as he does nothing for his tribe aside from not punching them. 

Maybe it'll be something he'll talk about in an article where he's more prone to be more negative with his reflections. 
People will be pissed regardless of what it says, so we can only hope. 
That's why you don't rip, bend, or water test valuable cards. They damage (or have the potential to damage) them. 

What it does, however, is reveal the coloration of the paper core inside of the card. Real cards have a pale blue layer of paper that is nested in between the front and back of the card. If you rip it in half, you'll see a little line of blue and know the card was real. Fakes will have no core, a black core, or a blue core that's not *quite* right. (Too thick. Too dark.)

If you're checking the core for a valuable card though, just stick with the light test and a magnifying glass. 
It's exactly how 1v1 games work. 
We have a winner. It's StP. 
R

W

U

They're all different cards. 
Are you doing alright? You seem like you've lost a few bolts right now. Maybe you should go rest or something. 
Enjoy your one-person riot. 
Considering countermagic in standard ranges from passable to hot trash, this actually wouldn't be too bad. 
I FIND IT HARD TO SMACK-TALK THE OTHER TRIBES AS MY WEREWOLF FANATICISM DIRECTS ME TO DO, BUT LOOKING AT THE LEGENDARY CREATURES OF THE BLOCK I DON'T HAVE MUCH SPACE TO SMACK-TALK. 

UM, UM... SPIDERS RULE? ALL IS SACRIFICE FOR THE GITGUD? PRAISE THE ELDRAZI? THIS IS FOREIGN FOR ME...

W\/\/E3E 4RE H@\/1ING D1EFF1CKUL77Y 0P3R4T1NG O|\|3 KEY8OORD
Oh god. My inner HEMA enthusiast can't unsee that. Art director, why? 
I imagine there were more in the design file, but had them cut for some reason. (lack of space. fear of creating too much of a potentially hated mechanic. Etc) Lorewise, they seem to just tie it to eldrazi. 
I hope they keep the two circles separated. 

The explanation for the shift in the Phyrexian personality seems pretty tight. Instead of being exposed to perpetual black mana, they were exposed to all colors of mana through the five suns. As they grew in this exposure, they developed their older traits, but had them colored (heh) by the mana. That's why the preators have different motivations. (Perfecting the process of phyresis, making everyone undergo phyresis, letting the strongest naturally take their place and thrive, etc.)
>she still held the blade—and no wonder, since Thalia couldn't imagine what a sheath for that thing might look like.

I think this is the first time I've ever seen a fantasy character seriously contemplate how bizzare a weapon looks and its functionality. 
At least they're trying to make the Eldrazi sound eldritch instead of just big, lumbering, beatsticks. General Tazri's story was a step in the right direction, and this seems like they're continuing on that path.
Now if only she was depicted holding it in a card. That'd be next-level epic symbolism stuff there. 
Part of what makes bant eldrazi so powerful is the density of colorless spells and the usage of [[Ancient Stirrings]]. It lets the player look at five cards of their deck and pick their best option. With the exception of when you have to bottom a path, you're going to find your answer or at least dig a little closer to it. 

By increasing the amount of colored spells and permanents, you're effectively removing that digging power. Maybe the trade-off is worth it considering you're adding some of the more powerful cards in the format, but it doesn't quite seem correct to do. 
The issue with EE is that it only hits the CMC it was set at. That's great for tokens, but in something like Elves/Hatebears setting it at that CMC may not clear their board and may wipe out some of your more critical creatures at worst.

Totally agree with you on affinity though. 
The loading symbol? 
The results seem to disagree, but you can certainly remove all of the anti-burn from your SB. I wouldn't advise it if it's prevalent in your meta, but you can. 
Judging by the size of the explosion, they'll love the shiny alright. That shiny would be the last thing they see. 
Jesus H Christ. Just the choice of a single word gets people branded for SJW nonsense these days? 
Now imagine if there was a way to control your draws to get the lands you need and eventually get to your firecrafts. That's why top is played. 

It can even filter draws after with a fetch being held up. Activate your top, and if it's all crap, put them back, crack your fetch, and shuffle them away for the hope of a better draw. 
I'm sure a lot of people have pointed out what I'm about to say, but I'm saying it anyways. 

The probable justification for Eir getting skewered was because she was starved, dehydrated, and had a severe injury. She was too hazy to process what happened and to react accordingly. It wasn't a very norny death when placed next to other norn we've seen bite it, (comparing her to Forgal may be unfair though.) but it was a very "human" reaction. Standing and gawking at an oncoming horror is a surprisingly accurate reaction... for a human. I certainly had some feelings about that. 

As for Scruffy... Yeah, uh. No. I could see the red flags they were attaching to him from miles out. They were trying *so hard* to make the "loss" feel devastating, but it came up way, way, waaay too short. It came across as hamfisted. I'd wager it was a rush decision that was made to get the expac out the door amongst other things. 

Heck, Taimi in general grated on me through that chapter. She's still disabled and nothing has changed that. Her disease is still happening. That came across with how slow she moved through the escort phase after Scruffy bit the dust. That amount of exertion would likely be painful for her, but I'd wager all of my gold that it's going to be lampshaded in LS3. 
I'm trying to think of a shell for this guy. The hardest parts for him are going to be:

A) Resolving it

B) Having it survive a turn 

After that, you'd need to storm out, but to what end? As a backup and to reduce the mana needed for a lethal torch/thunder? It seems good, but it seems like a fair bit of work to *be* good. 

Seems nice for burn though. Maybe. 
Similar "bursts" in things like the comic industry happened from the bottom. There were more releases set at a higher MSRP by publishers. Poor supply chain management from publishers and distributors caused smaller stores to buy excessive quantities of product months in advance. 

This created a glut of unsold, overpriced, low-quality product that mismanaged/undercapitaled stores couldn't move. They closed en-masse, dumping their product into the secondary market. This forced other places to cut their prices down in order to meet the price of the dumped supply, or be priced out. They, in turn, closed and dumped. Distributors/Publishers didn't have stores to vend to anymore, so they collapsed too. 

The stuff happening right now is like the high-end comic market, which lost some value but had little bearing on the ultimate burst. 

Td;dr- There's no hypothetical situation that involves high-end product buyouts. That's not how any of this works. 
Familiar, Mongrel, and Crown here. 
Why yes! I would like a forth free discard outlet for Gitrog! 
The outcome sucks regardless of who you supported, and all you get is a vague sense of happiness if your candidate "won" as the world collapses. 
The meaning has certainly been bent around a bit to mean "a character I don't like" instead of what it really stands for. Hence the whole "Jace is a Gary Stu" stuff that floats around. 

I mean, to be fair, he was certainly insufferable pre RTR, but he's come a long way. 
Since they're taking cues from comic alliances, is there a precedent for rogue element characters that can come across as the good guy here and the bad guy there? 
Weirdest, but incredibly satisfying if you were on Team Nahiri in this proverbial civil war. 
I feel like she wouldn't ally with Bolas intentionally. There'd have to be some trickery involved on his behalf. 
We had two of them, actually!
Yeah, I don't think Ugin is dumb enough to get snarky with Nahiri. He'd probably just go "I was almost dead and couldn't do much of anything. It took thousands of years to recover from the savage dunking Bolas and Yasova gave me. What's up?" 
Sadly. 

That, or they'll tease some *mysterious force* causing *vampiric symptoms* on Kaladesh and pull off a big reveal that it's Sorin. 
That, or she's a cold-hearted bloodsucker who hates Sorin's guts and has a will strong enough to resist Emrakul's influence. 
Frankly, I think they're both antagonists. Both had a hand in driving the conflict of the block. (though one more so than the other)
Now Nahiri is going to try and find Ugin. Ugin's gonna give the same speech he gave to Sorin back to Nahiri, and the multiverse is gonna get awkward all over again. 
>... revenge is a dish that is best served cold? It is very cold in(side) ~~space~~  ~~the blind eternities~~ lots of rocks. 

FTFY

(or are the rocks inside him?) 
It's not leaking. We closed down the shop because our efforts are worthless. The main sub will always outjerk us. There was just no point... 
Realistically speaking, what will that look like? I know similar things have happened in the past like the comic bubble, but I'm hard pressed to find the catalyst for what'd cause a pop. 

Edit: On further research, it seems like it was a surge of low-quality *new* product paired with mass mismanagement at store levels. The bottom fell out, causing everything across the board to decrease. Rarer comics with prices in the hundreds/thousands still kept their hefty prices and eventually recouped their value. Blowing the top end up even further may not influence the foundation as much as people think.
/r/mtgeternal 

A chronicle of the last time this was attempted from start to finish. Hint: It didn't work. 
That's a definite spike, yeah. I wonder what the peak will be considering it's already spiked post-EMA's announcement of no reserve list printings. 
Attack with Narset 

Flip this off the top 

Dig for walkers 

Embrace the degenerate value 
Hey, look. It's a tribal commander that cares about its tribe and does something that shores up the tribe's weakness. 

I hope the werewolf commander will have a similar- Oh... Oh right... 
Don't get your hopes up. 

-Sincerely, 
A disheartened werewolf fan
And the tie between the sets would be less dodgy than "Well I know someone on Innistrad who may be able to help so lemme to chat her up."

If SOI/EMN came first, the inciting action could be Jace visiting Liliana after their date on Ravnica was interrupted and getting entangled with the mystery then, all before the BFZ plot. It wouldn't really be that large of a deviation from the standard plot since Gideon has been trying to find help to fight the Eldrazi since the RTR block. 

When Emrakul appears, he runs over to Zendikar and basically says "Guys I found Emrakul, please help me before I go nuts." Some interesting internal conflict could happen too if he makes the argument that Zendikar is more lost and Innistrad still has a chance. 

Nahiri could have taken a ObNix-like role where she tries to sabotage the Gatewatch's attempts to seal up Emrakul but ultimately fails. When they ask her what her major malfunction is, she brings up Zendikar. They all look at each other and go "We're trying to fix that too, jerk." Then they head to Zendikar+1 Liliana, try to trap Ulamog, get SURPRISE KOZILEK'd, and the plot goes on. 

This time, they know that they can imprison one, but the odds seem stacked against that working, so they nuke Ulamog and Kozilek. Insert more "what have you done?!" by Ugin. Break modern, fix modern. Go to Kaladesh. Thopter party. 
You haven't lived until R1 was Norin Sisters and R2 was wall ramp. 
The strange irony is that you could probably say a lot of these things about a certain Republican frontrunner, but I'm sure nobody would do *that.*
Prey Upon's flavor text reads like Ancient Grudge's flavor text. I get the feeling we'll be hearing that one get repeated a few dozen times too many. 
Jeskai, Jund, and Jank is my meta, so I do what I have to do. (Plus some Grixis and Tron)
I run on the trails of Ellison and the worst I've ever encountered was a grumpy black lab. As long as you're cognisant of your dog's body language and the body language of other dogs, you'll be fine. 
Pikachu. 

I just. Don't. Get it. 
The same thing we play ever week, Pinky. 

*Bant Eldrazi*
>and rightfully exiles itself to prevent it from being busted

Acknowledgement that the card exiles itself. 

>(sac bird, get EWit, return EE. Sac EWit. Get 5-drop. Gross.)

Example of what could happen if it didn't exile itself. 

Does this clear things up? 
Best is subjective and depends on your tastes.

My personal suggestion would be Guild Wars 2. It's almost four years old, but still has a good population and gets regular updates. You can also play the entire base game with some loose restrictions to the level cap and beyond for a whopping $0.00. 
Short Version: No

Long Version: There are circumstances where you might want to run fetches in a monocular deck. For example, legacy burn runs them so they can control landfall for Searing Blaze and lavamancer fuel. Others may run them to get a "free" shuffle effect or to add a card type the graveyard. Some people think that, yes, the percentage is worth it. Others say you're better off with the one life over your 0.00X probability of a better draw. 

JM2C, The effect it has on "thinning" your library is minimal at most, and you're better off just running basics or utility lands in their place.
>and *rightfully exiles itself* to prevent it from being busted (sac bird, get EWit, return EE. Sac EWit. Get 5-drop. Gross.)

Read it again. 
I feel like this card has potential, but I'm absolutely horrid at evaluating cards. 

It requires a creature to sac and rightfully exiles itself to prevent it from being busted (sac bird, get EWit, return EE. Sac EWit. Get 5-drop. Gross.) It's a CMC 3 which means it is likely costed aggressively enough? Maybe? Coco survives at 4, but it's an instant, gets two creatures... 

It *seems* pretty good. 
Well this is a neat little piece of cardstock. I'm feeling resistant to get hyped about it, but it seems like it has modern potential. 

I also know what I'd replace Coco with in the event it gets banned. 
You get more precise control over what is in your deck. Sometimes, Limited environments just places you in a bad seat or hand you a crummy pool. All you've got as a comfort is "make the best of it" and hope variance doesn't mess you up too hard. Constructed has no such issue, as you can fine-tune your deck 

In my opinion, it leads to more fun games. Things like silly combos and neat synergies play out more as they can be made as consistent as possible. You're guaranteed to build around that "build around me" card unlike limited where you could pick it, then be cut out of the strategy by someone upstream of you. 

Playstyles become ingrained and comfortable after a while. In limited, your deck changes every time. Unless you force an archetype, learn it like the back of your hand, and never play any other deck ever, you'll still have to change eventually. With constructed, even with rotation, the archetype is preserved (more or less) and can be played for months or years on end. It gives you time to become the expert of your list, know your plan, know your outs, etc.

Power levels can be higher. Yes, I know a sweet limited deck could trounce some weaker constructed decks, but when will I ever be able to jam 4 Thought-Knots, 4 Reality Smashers, 4 Displacers, 4 Reshapers, a mimic, and a Worldbreaker in a limited deck? Unless you're cheating, the answer is statistically close to never. Constructed allows me to jam all of those cards alongside choice bits from other sets to really make my deck hum. 
It's a bit of redundancy and makes a creature that sticks around longer than until the end step. 
They tried really hard not to make this busted, but it seems pretty neat with Feldon! 
Feldon doesn't care if it gets sacrificed. Strap a Wurmcoil into the sucker and get some VALUE. 
I'm not sure how making Jace owe her makes *her* swear an oath to the betterment of the multiverse. It seems more like a way to get the Gatewatch to serve her. 
Unpopular opinion, but I hope that Nahiri just fucks Sorin up and lives to see another day. He doesn't need his ego to be fed anymore. 
To be fair, Olivia yanked on the chain a little before they could go at it. 
I mean, he's not wrong in a sense, but c'mon dude... 
I just *knew* it was too good to be true. 
I was expecting a corny response of "I am no mortal!" and was delightfully surprised by this response. 
We got the art! (maybe). The verticality of the image makes me think it's the art. 
On a card or on a playmat if anything else. 
Gideon? 

>Muscle *Man*
Fun fact: this is the first dual-character legendary that isn't red! 
Old age doesn't quite count in the confines of the trope. 
It would have been too obvious that they were playing off if hero alliances with a name like that, but that name would have been pretty sweet. 
I mean, if they become one through the noodly blessings of Emrakul... 
My only male characters are a dorky asura in a longcoat and a handsome charr with practical armor and majestic mane... That probably speaks volumes about me. 

I'm not a fan of exposing armor or clothing on any race or gender unless it's for fashion/RP. 
The only place I have experience with is Just Games in Penfield. They have big DnD/Tabletop RP days every few Saturdays. I know some of the DMs and they're nice folks. Check out their website for the event schedule. 

Millennium does DnD stuff as well, but I don't know anything about their schedule and haven't gone to anything there. I'm guessing they've got a sizeable crowd since it's Millennium. 
Given that the game's been going on for over two decades, if there was a point of "too many cards" we would have crossed it already. 
I'm pretty sure the girl's name was Annabella Townsend. 
This means Hanweir is a 3 CMC 7/4 with haste and trample and that's busted mirite /s

Oddly enough, it means that it could die to something like [[Smother]] or [[Consume the Meek]] amongst other 3-CMC focused removal. 
Finally! A piece of Thalia card art that has a somewhat proper zoom level! 
Hence my statement of wanting more instant-speed removal. There isn't a lot of it in the format that can handle her. 
They talked about it in the article. Both halves will return to the battlefield as their un-melded halves. 
If he did, I can't even begin to imagine what nonsense would cause more rules trouble than this. 
Murderous Cut can get around it, but that's not something often seen in modern. 
I mean, barring some shenanigans with getting both halves out in a time where you can't respond to it, each half is pretty vulnerable. You could pick one of them off before the merger happens. 

Here's to hoping there's some more decent instant speed removal rolling into the format. 

Edit: Please note that I said *instant speed removal.* Bruna can get Gisela back, but the meld won't happen if Bruna has been killed or otherwise been brought out of her owner's control. Gisela herself is vulnerable to Exile-based removal such as Anguished Unmaking, Declaration in Stone, and Angelic Purge, but only during your turn for 2/3 of them. She cannot be retrieved from exile by Bruna. 
I think we know what Tabak meant when he said the most nightmarish set for rules was upcoming. For as simple as it seems, *meld is probably wicked complicated on the backend. 

Dear God, this mechanic is gonna break MTGO in half. 
[[Mystic Speculation]] 
[[Sensei's Divining Top]] 
I see you're crafting contributions to whymtgcardsmith. 
This plays hella well with [[Ever After]]. That makes me think it may be real. 
Scarlet is part of the Bandit Clan DLC that is currently exclusive to Kickstarter backers. She will be made available to the public when LoG finishes the mobile version of the game that's TBA when it's ready™. 
Thank you SO much for this! I've been fretting about opening speeches so this episode's timing was perfect. 

What would you suggest doing in the event someone finds a problem within the sixty seconds to verify their lists that requires some sort of attention or work to solve? (IE: my sleeves aren't opaque, what do you mean eye of ugin was banned, etc) 
Looks interesting! I suppose my first question is "what's the combo?" 

I see peregrine drake and know what it does, but I'm not finding the other half of what makes it twin-like. I also see the archaeomancer loop. Is it just "draw your deck and bolt their face unstorm style?" 
That's the joke. 
The way I remember the genders for the dragonlords is as follows:

If they're blue, they're boys. 
I would refute that, but given the backlash that usually comes with killing LGBT characters? 

... You're probably right. 
It's actually quite interesting given Modern's removal. Standard has powerful effects at sorcery speed with dec in stone, but some of modern's best removal pieces are instants. 

I wonder if tron has a new plaything now. (Like the blue versions that run instants? Maybe?) 
Well, an early dose of Uncharted Realms was not planned for this week. Guess I know what I'm doing lunch! 
>We basically have a policy to never hire magic players because they are awful people... I know me saying the ruins my chance at help in this sub, but it's the truth.

Seems that's not entirely the case. 
You or your company aren't really doing themselves any favors with that kinda attitude... All the same, other folks in the thread are probably reinforcing this stereotype by cursing you out for saying this. Even I wanted to go "Well excuse me!" and back out of the thread, but here's a bit of an olive branch and some stuff to mull over. 

As a rule of thumb, if your company is trying to cater at least *something* to MTG players, you better keep that company culture bit under wraps or, quite possibly, change it. People in general shy away from companies that demean the goods they provide and the clientele they service. There are some rotten eggs in the community, but there are also perfectly well-adjusted people who treat the game as a hobby. The game has *millions* of active players. Generalizing that they're all awful and unhireable turns a lot of folks away from the start. 

Being knowledgeable about the game, the trends of the market, and the going-ons of the community from a financial perspective requires a deep dive into nearly every aspect of the game. Tournament results, product announcements, and even just raw speculation can warp the value of single cards. You're metaphorically trying to study the bottom of the ocean while not wanting to touch the water. 

Keep an eye on sites like mtggoldfish.com or mtgstocks.com for results and financial information. Goldfish will also share news on product announcements and may have some analysis on the value of sealed products like booster boxes, event decks, etc. ChannelFireball.com, Starcitygames.com, and TCGPlayer.com are all storefront sites that may give you some ideas about how to set up pre-purchases, discounts, buylisting, etc. 

Also, study up on counterfeit products if you're dealing with valuable singles. They'll be around for midrange to high value product, and if you let them slip through the cracks, there could be *serious* ramifications. We're talking both legal and damage to reputations. If upper management has qualms about it, ask them what their hobby is and how they'd feel if a company sold them a bum product that's essential for them to participate in it. It's all about covering your bases and making sure the company doesn't do something they'll get in trouble for because they give less than a crap about the people they're trying to sell to. The light test is very simple and will catch most fakes. A jeweler's loupe to inspect the inking is only a few bucks and could save the company thousands. 

In all seriousness though, step one would be to adjust the corporate culture. 
Do it on Talking Simulator while playing "I am Bread" 
Are there any solid leveling guides for getting from 50 to 60?

I've finished all of the lead-up quests for HSW and am in the early stages of the MSQ for it. I just got back into the game and heard that it may take as long as going from 1-50. That sounds utterly hellish, so I'm wondering if there are some speedy strategies of getting back to cap. 
When they release those articles, the new cards aren't in gatherer. Those cards end up being in a weird place where they exist, but not really in those lists. Sometimes it sits in an "other" category. Otherwise, it's just nowhere. 

Since those articles are never updated, the bug stands there forever. 
At gameday FRF, I was paired against someone using a mono-blue pyxis of pandemonium mill deck while I was on mono-red sligh. We were both X-0 (I forget if it was 3 or 4) at the time and locked into top 8, so we were both in good spirits and played it out for fun. 

They guy's love of the deck he was on really came through with how he played. I ended up losing (Sligh doesn't work well when you pull 6 lands off the top in a row), but his attitude and the sheer silliness of his deck made it a memorable game. It's been one of my favorite games to this day. 
I have a rather high calorie count because of my activity level, so two of these plus some spinach on the side and a big glass of water makes for a decent dinner if your meals earlier in the day are lower in calorie counts. 

If necessary, you could make the counts lower by using a different sausage/hot dog. Using a Hebrew National beef frank drops the calories by 50 each. I'm sure others may drop it by more. I just used the ones mentioned because they're the freakin' bomb. A pair of 'em is 400 calories and can keep me going for quite some time. 

Like always, see what fits in your macros and cook accordingly! 
*Recipe:*

-1 package of Johnsonville Better with Cheddar Sausages (can be any pre-cooked sausage/hot dog) 

-2 cups mozzarella cheese 

-1 large egg

-4 TBSP Almond Flour

-2 TBSP Coconut Flour 

-1 tsp xanthan gum

Melt the cheese in the microwave (stop and stir every minute. Probably will take 2 minutes). Knead in the dry ingredients and egg. Microwave for 30 seconds when the dough starts getting a little difficult to manipulate. When everything is well-mixed, flatten the dough out into a ~20"x~10" sheet. Divide into six equal parts and wrap the Sausages in the part of the dough. Set on a sheet of parchment paper and bake at 400 degrees for 20 minutes. Let cool for a bit, and enjoy! 




*Macros per single sausage wrap:*

-Calories: 370

-Fat: 30g

-Protein: 18g

-Total Carbs: 6g
Tournament practice is the best place to go. You'll get games against more competent players at a far faster rate. Sure, you may lose, but it's just practice! 
It was hinted at that Jace may have done the same too in an earlier BFZ story, so you're probably right on that one. 
I was thinking more like the whole Rath-Dominaria merger, but with more eldrazi and less phyrexians.
This is, of course, assuming that they let Nahiri live long enough to meet Jace and not get annihilated by Sorin. 
I mean, Sorin could have just gone "Oops. My bad. Hey, lemme rest up a bit because I just created a fucking angel and it took a lot out of me. I'll be there in a day or two."

They're both in the wrong here and could have handled it a *little bit* better than they did. 
Nah. Planar overlay. We're lookin' at Dominaria meeting Rath all over again, folks! /s
It seemed kinda obvious why she'd be upset with Sorin to me... 

That being said, yes. This was a quality UR. The fight scene was quite comprehensible. The description of how it feels being an oldwalker* and being inside the helvault. It went a little long with the map of Zendikar thing in my opinion, but it wasn't unpleasant to read at all. 

*I am aware she is not an oldwalker in the sense of still retaining oldwalker abilities. She was still around before the mending and is therefore an incredibly experienced mage who was at one point functionally immortal. That is what I mean when I say oldwalker. 
Considering the corruption only goes a few feet deep, it'd probably be nothing for her to have the earth buck it all off and into neat, little piles. 

I'm assuming she's still pretty powerful considering she casually tunneled from Akoum to Bala Ged. 
Aside from the whole "is incredibly selfish" as a defining character trait of theirs, it really makes you understand why Liliana and Bolas want as much of that back as possible. 
Well, the Nahiri-is-Avacyn theory was like... I'll be generous and say 20% correct? 

The other 80% is filled with "Holy shit, Sorin you're kinda a creeper for making your glorified homunculus resemble your old mentee."
In all likelihood, yes, but it spoke about the Eldrazi because they was kinda Nahiri's thing. She dealt with the Eldrazi and not the Phyrexians.
That's what I love the most about this piece. It gives her perspective of what happened and helps the reader understand beyond "lol crazy ex" that was being mentioned before. 
'Course! Public Schools are centers for LIE-bural indoctrination! Starve out the schools 'n teachers so they get jobs somewhere else, then raise up yer child the good ol' christian way! The Bible's all ya need! 

... I need to step my FFG game up. That was nauseating to write. 
[Citation Needed] 
SHE GETS FACIAL RECONSTRUCTION SURGERY EVERY TIME AND THAT EXPLAINS THE DIFFERENT FACIAL STRUCTURE TOO
I wish they explained it in the patch notes. They would have saved everyone at least a little bit of griping. 
That's not how you encourage people to gamble though. Can't have the stuff be *too* rewarding! 
It's their game. They can do what they want. They need to keep the lights on and make money. I'm guessing this is a way to bump up their bottom line. 

That being said, I utterly *despise* this change. Making skins tradeable was met with a lot of praise because it made getting a skin or two affordable. People who felt like gambling with keys and chests could do so without anything impacting them. Now though? Melt hundreds of gold for a chance at a skin or drop cash because there's no way to reach these things easily anymore.

I'm torn. I want to get some of these skins, but I don't have the gold to buy tons of skins after finishing a legendary. If I want them, I need to buy gems with real money and play the lotto for a *chance* at one. I don't want to buy gems thing, because I don't want to give them money and reinforce this practice. 

Inb4 "You're not entitled to these skins." Yeah. I know. It's the principle of locking down something that was previously open that's pissing me off. 
This is possibly the most infuriating change they've done in recent memory, but it's not surprising in the least. I get that they need to pay the bills and all, but this is like putting up a wall they previously pulled down to much praise. 
The only small, cold comfort we have as americans is that it may only last directly last for 4 years. 

Indirectly, they're could be a lot more damage, but directly it could only be 4.
BL sets take one person and have a bit of a slush pile/buffer of assets to work out of. They don't require multiple tiers of achievements or crafting costs to program or balance and rarely have unique particle effects that go into them. With some rare exceptions, they use particle or physics effects that are currently in-game, functional to an extent, and can be applied with relative ease. 

It sucks that legendaries were canned and all, but the amount of resources that need to go into a BL weapon set isn't comparable to the resources for making a legendary. 

New sets of collectible armor, on the other hand... C'mon. More of that stuff, please. Not much of an excuse for that. I'd like to see that over most of these BL skin sets any day of the week. 
How does that explain the mutations and other weird stuff that's happening? 
If you look at [[Sorin, Grim Nemesis]] and [[Nahiri, the Harbinger]] it seems like Sorin could dispose of her with a nice -X where is 6 if they're dropped back-to-back. -6, however, means he could be done for too. Conversely, if they're played on curve at their respective mana costs, it seems like Sorin would come in too late to stop Nahiri, and she would win by sic-ing Emrakul on him. 

It should also be noted that a planeswalker losing all of their loyalty doesn't mean they die. It means they say "screw this" and leave. Just because one can defeat the other doesn't mean that they'll be dead. 

With that being considered, I think it'll either be a draw, or Nahiri will "win" because emrakul shows up and she leaves Sorin to clean up the mess. This leaves Nahiri as a rogue element in the story who could appear later to fuck further shit up, or fix problems as they come. 

... Though let's be honest, Sorin will probably just not-even-my-final-form-only-a-fraction-of-my-true-strength her and use his turbo edgelord powers to off her after a long duel that she seems like she could win.
Refer to my edit. Get them into the field, but don't start capitalizing on the effect until the geddon is gone. Once it's gone, drop your lands. You can also use effects like regrowth, pulse of murasa, etc. Effects to protect your lands via indestructibility or general removal effects are in white. 

Alternatively, tell him you'd rather not play with him if he's gonna use mass-LD for shiggles. 
[[Crucible of Worlds]] is the catch-all. Full stop. 

Other ways to get around things that aren't mass-LD would be cards that let you play multiple lands a turn like Oracle of Mul Daya, Mina and Den, and The Gitrog Monster or with enchantments like Exploration. If it's mass-LD, uh... Good luck. 

How is he destroying the lands? Instants and sorceries? Creatures? Artifacts? Enchantments? 
It happens pretty frequently. There was an incident last week. (http://www.myajc.com/news/news/crime-law/gbi-officers-respond-to-wrong-house-shoot-homeowne/nrcj8/). No deaths, but this one happened in April (http://6abc.com/news/police-apologize-for-wrong-house-raid-in-southwest-phila-/1312643/). 

Unfortunately, it's common enough that the headlines get covered over by more controversial issues. Unless it's a slower news day, it won't get out of regional news. 
Aurora can tragically backfire if the player that's ahead is there because of a land advantage. They'll just shrug, shuffle their permanents, draw forty cards, and resume playing. 
Okay, I'll bite on this one since my go-to legacy decks don't have fetches (DnT+Eldrazi). Why wouldn't you Crack your fetch if you don't have anything else to do aside from running the risk of getting stifled?
There's actually a game mode similar to that in TF2 called "payload race." Each team has a payload and the team that gets it to the destination first wins. 
Given the current spread of viable candidates I almost wish he was. 
I mean, we've known this for a while. It was how people protected themselves from softbannings. Others using it to cheese invasions by alt+f4ing aren't new either. 
Wearing protective gear and using appropriate tactics for a siege/hostage situation is still pretty far from militarization. It's just proper provisioning and training. 

It's when they bust out that stuff to break into a house at the wrong address and kill/injure everyone in the house without question that is a sign of militarization. 
$45 for a draft. $15 per pack alone. Not sure about boxes. 
What are your general sideboard strategies?
>The only way she could return to her human form was to planeswalk back to Innistrad

http://magic.wizards.com/en/story/planeswalkers/arlinn-kord
1. http://imgur.com/MYik1ji.jpg

2. http://imgur.com/IRZh25t.jpg

3. http://imgur.com/YoO1XuQ.jpg
Reappropriation is a very odd social construct, but I won't hold doing so against anyone as long as they're respectful to others about it. TGFB does it well. 
My shitpost in this thread aside, how will her ability intact with abilities that pierce shields? Logically it'd seem like pierce+reflect happen at the same time, but I'm still wondering if that's the interaction. 
Gurl be thicker than oatmeal 
She can only transform on Innistrad though, so on other planes she'd just be single-faced.

Oh well. She's looking to be glued to the plane like your Ral Zareks, probably-Kioras, etc. 
The horse is only dead when the issue has come and gone and is settled completely. It's not. This kinda crap happens regularly. 

I know it's anecdotal, but just last week I had to give a warning to someone for shit-talking a female player. While I don't see a lot of it to my face, I hear my friends talking about their poor experiences at the shops they frequent. 
She'll probably be a side walker to the SOI block as Kiora was to the BFZ block. Both are natives of their respective planes. Both take minor roles to the main walkers/Gatewatch. 
Her becoming the protector limits her ability to appear in other non-innistrad stories, and that's a bit of a bummer. I wanna see more from her. 
Frankly a plane protected by werewolves sounds a hell of a lot more awesome than a plane protected by angels. 
I'd guess it'd be an FNM promo of one of the two devil cards in SOI, but it shows six devils and the two cards make 2 and 4 respectively. 
And it's not through the perspective of Jace or any of the other well-known walker perspectives like Lili, Sorin, or Tamiyo. 

WotC can't win either way. Either it's not from the perspective of a block protagonist and is therefore filler, or its from the perspective of a block protagonist and people lament that there's never anything from outside their perspective. 
And in all honesty, they were pretty bad. She's improved since then though, but most folks on reddit think it's fun to drag people over their past mistakes regardless. 
Inb4 disparaging remark about Kreines. 

It's good. It's not fantastic, but it's good. Yes, the mechanics of the piece aren't the best. No, Ashaya isn't relevant. Searching for Ashaya gets zero results. The horse is dead. Please don't even contemplate beating it. 
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vote_splitting

Okay
Do you want a President Trump, because this is how you get a President Trump. 
While getting kills is important, playing the objective is the most important thing you can do. Going full TDM mode could spell defeat for your team because nobody assaulted/defended the objective. If you're supposed to capture a point, work with your team and capture your point. Don't just point and shoot until enemy is dead. 

Soldier 76 is probably a good starting point since he's most similar to COD's playstyle when it comes to fighting. Just be sure to mess around with other heroes. You'll learn how to handle them in time. 
No changes for bannings. I just want better countermagic. 
Found the storm player. 
I've seen it before. 5 Symmetra and a Lucio. 

There really isn't any parallel to TF2 for that team comp... 
Rochester *is* known for its deaf community, and there are a couple deaf and/or mute (is that the correct way to say 'can't speak?') players at my store. They're really cool folks when I've interacted with them, and I don't know any ASL aside from yes and no. Which store is this? 
To be fair, lots of Trump supporters follow the "hillary is a criminal" doctrine too and they're quite prevalent on reddit. 
Depends on which part. If you're along the thruway between Buffalo and Syracuse, you're not far at least *something.* Everywhere else is middle of nowhere though. 

Source: Lived North of Watertown 
Not implicitly. Sometimes that player is just playing world cop. Sometimes that player is just a political weasel and makes friends by interacting with the board state when it's beneficial to them. When played properly, something like a control/sit back deck can be appreciated at the table because it stops what may make the game "not fun," allows the game to go a little further, then shuts the door when the boredom starts to set on. 

If you think the "let the others fight it out" strategy is all about doing nothing, you're doing it wrong. 
How does it stop people from decking themselves? 
>Have you involved the store owner?

I intend to when I go there tomorrow.

>Does the store have a public, clear and enforced policy of not tolerating this kind of stuff?

Public and clear, yes. Enforced? There hasn't been any serious issues as of yet so it hasn't been enforced in that regard. 

>I'm sure you have the ability or maybe even obligation to address threats and other USC if you are judging.

The issue is that while it happened in the play area, it was after the event. I'm not sure if that's overreach. All the same, I'm bringing it to the owner's attention. 
My personal favorite is that if someone seems to be aggro'd on me, I try and point out the threats other people have available. That goes double for when my board state isn't really threatening at all or if I pick up on that they're bring manipulated by another player. 
Hello

When are Aether Revolt spoilers starting? They announced the set! I wanna know if the URtifact commander exists for my thornbite-staff-goblin-welder-perilous-myr-triskelion-pili-pala-grand-architect combomander deck! 

Cheers ; ) 
You've also got fun names like "Toast" and "Yes."

Getting first dibs on names has its advantages. 
Exploiter? Nonsense! He's an *excellent* field tester on live servers who'll find all of the little loopholes in the game! He's doing *them* a service with free publicity and bug testing! ^Sometimes^both^at^the^same^time!

/s
Because they got a message saying their trade partner had sent out counterfeits in the past. Seems reasonable enough to warrant a check to me. 
Some of the critical cards were printed in VMA, but conspiracy in full was not printed on MTGO. 
They look fine, but these images are nowhere near high-res enough for me to say they're real in good confidence. 

What does it look like under the light test? 
Slow play, especially at regular REL, is a very tricky thing and mostly judge discretion. They may observe for a bit before chiming in if at all. Poor sportsmanship is in the rules, but talk about it away from the table with a judge/the owner. 
>Just keep playing respectfully, acknowledge that this situation suck and empathize.

I'm not OP, but I was the person OP's opponent played against round one. This is what I tried to do. 

It was clear he was frustrated by things outside the game and wasn't having the best day. He's a competitive player, so I understood his feelings and his desire to vent them. It was uncomfortable for me and for acquaintances at the shop to be the target of his ire, but I'm sure we've all been there on both sides. 

My empathy ran totally dry when he started shit-talking after OP left though. That's when I consider talking to the owner. 
Of course not. The Cabal is going to need therapy because they lost money on all of the reprints! That's why it's in the set! 
Jeskai Harbinger because goshdarnit, the deck just looks silly. Any experienced pilots want to share some advice? 
The exclusion of Rishadan Port is the truest and most insidious sign of this. We've unraveled this secret like we're Jace. 
Not Gruul? THEN DIE! 
And I think a few of us remember what happened to GG when he was absent in MM2 as well. 
I know a few people were hedging for SFM and Snapcaster in EMA. Should movement be expected on those two as well? 
Not for a looong time, no. 
Pretty old news. Also, I believe Xancha was the "first" trans character in terms of pondering her gender identity. 
You can tell someone is incredibly excited when their only reaction is a string of exclamation marks. 
The flavor text accurately describes the feeling you get when playing against it. 
>"We have no plans to create a new format to replace or parallel Legacy."

As a reminder, Trick said this about three months ago. https://www.reddit.com/r/magicTCG/comments/46f0w3/z/d04jpo2

I know the inevitable "but that was Trick lol" comment is going to roll in, but given the conversation at hand and the amount of time it took to respond, it seems like this response was more planned and less damage control.
More foil brainstorms in the world can never be a bad thing. 
They probably mean [[Council's Judgement]] 
Shocks and fetches: ASAP. Their price is only going to go up.

BFZ Duals: They're okay, I guess. Not the best, but they could be a budget concession to ally shocks. If you have to buy them, do it a week or so after BFZ rotates. 
I'm skeptical of that since someone (I believe Aaron) said they have no intention of creating a format to replace or parallel legacy. "No RL Legacy" would do just that. 
Source? 

And by source, I mean a wizards employee/correspondent confirming the announcement and not some dude on MTGSalvation. 
I agree, but has this new format been confirmed or is it just hearsay? 
Using Google to study the class and become proficient enough that people think they're cheating? 
Reserved. 
DAE COMET STORM AWARD 
Rule of thumb: if it's on this sub and it's about trans stuff, it's going to be totally illogical. 
My janky decks have a new free sac outlet! 
Find ways to survive wraths and damage-based sweepers. Things like [[Make a Stand]] or flashing in [[Archangel Avacyn]] 
We're also *not ruling out a colorless mythic since there's 1 card before balance. 

Accidentally a word 
Review of collector numbers indicates there's no room for Marsh Flats. Unless they break the cycle, no Zendikar fetches. 
The one-off stories are almost always the better, more enjoyable ones because there are so few constraints. 

Since when has a caster in the story had to worry about somatic components and making sure they were welding their arcane focus because they weren't the OP planeswalker protagonist? Not for a long while if I had to guess. 
They say no a lot too. 
I can't tell if it's going to be a ton of fun or absolutely obnoxious. My guess is that it'll depend on what everyone around you is drafting. 