I know some studies have shown that people who drink diet soda with a meal tend to overcompensate and eat more calories overall. Maybe they misunderstood that study or something. But that's a psychological thing, not biological.
Not throwing away in the literal sense, but when I first started driving I had a Grand Am. When my grandma went to assisted living, my dad offered me her old Cadillac. I declined because my idiot 16 year old brain thought my sporty red Grand Am (with failing ignition coil, broken gas cap lever, broken radio, peeling paint...) was cooler than an "old person car." *Facepalm*
Super Body Fuel's Super Electrolytes. Make sure you read the instructions closely, the nutrition facts are for a whole days worth. You could conceivably put it in a gel capsule, I'd just be worried about the concentration in your stomach causing a saline laxative effect. Drink a lot of water.
YES. Someone shared some stupid thing on Facebook saying that cancer was caused by dish soap and could be cured with B vitamins, and it makes me angry every time I do dishes
I've noticed this, and I've also noticed that it makes people seriously overestimate their knowledge of medical things. It seems like 80% of the hokey medical things I've heard come from nurses, and they always shut the argument down with "well I'm a nurse." I respect that but it doesn't mean you're right that diet soda is worse for you than full sugar because chemicals. You know what's a chemical repeatedly demonstrated to kill people and cause dozens of secondary illnesses in large prolonged doses? Sugar. I'll risk metabolizing a few milligrams of sucralose to avoid dropping 35 grams of sugar on my body like a sack of bricks, thanks.

Sorry, artificial sweeteners is one thing that gets me hot and bothered. I accept that some studies have shown a slight insulin response here or there, but to say that means you might as well drop a sugar train on your body is insane to me.
I remember people freaking out that "taco Bell meat is only 40% beef!" or whatever. I was like yeah, the rest is textured vegetable protein. It's cheap and commonly used to make vegan chili and it's why you can buy a 12 pack of delicious pseudotacos for $10 so quit complaining
#I O

If there's two things we like here it's buckeyes and poorly thought out craft projects
Here's one you don't see often - if you press and hold the icons in the infotainment system, you can rearrange them - and while it is very finicky and touchy and is almost a puzzle to get it to work, I managed to get all the unused OnStar icons to go to the second page of the home screen so I don't have to look at them. I forget the exact process, but if you play around with it you can figure it out.
she'll love that. I gave my brother a color changing LED bulb for his baby, and the first night he slept 8 hours straight. They wake up, have something to look at, and stare at it until they fall back asleep.
I'm in Rocket League. and I don't play a lot of video games, so I'm probably with the gear that I have in Rocket League. which is to say, pretty much the same as everyone else. Basically I'm just playing rocket league. 

Ok, that's boring. So let's say I have the gear of the game I've played the second most, which is probably Kingdom Hearts. In which case, I'm very confused how a car wields a keyblade. and are my teammates Donald and Goofy? 

I'm probably not the right person to answer this question.
The weathertech liners were a good decision. I wish GM's winter mats were better - they look really cool, but they're basically just rubber versions of the regular mats. 

Do you have plans to install a level 2 charger? One thing a lot of people don't think about with level 2 is turnaround time. I recently had work, a job interview, and a haircut all on the same day. Work is 14 miles round trip. By the time I left for the interview, I was totally charged again. The interview was far enough away I had to use gas, so I was completely depleted when I got home, but was able to charge fast enough that the haircut trip was totally electric. I probably ended up driving 30 more miles EV that day because I had a level 2 charger. 
I've heard from a counselor it can often be the other way around. Depression creates a void of emotion, and your brain realizes that by creating anxious thoughts it can feel that fight or flight response, which briefly releases endorphins. So you keep thinking anxious thoughts to try to briefly pull yourself out, but the bad thoughts just make you fall further back in.

Mental health, man. 
Case in point
Tell them if they stand very far away, you'll look shorter. Two birds with one stone.
It looks like it's a bot that responds this to any comments that say "boots." So... that's a thing, I guess.
And even if the frame didn't get directly hit, I mean, the whole wheel is missing, that was a hard hit. Something could've gotten jammed up in there and screwed up the frame. 
I've got a Chevy Volt. Thankfully mine is second gen, because on the first gen they decided it was a great idea to make all the buttons capacitive with no haptic feedback. So basically all the disadvantages of a touchscreen with none of the advantages. Thankfully they got their heads on straight for the second gen.
And people think I'm weird for getting freaked out by going in the ocean. Marine life gives me the creeps
I'm in NE Ohio. Through a series of unfortunate events, I ended up in MEP after graduating. The industry really isn't for me, and I want to get into automation - I did several automation machine projects in college and my internship, and I really enjoyed them. I've been here 18 months, and I'm hitting the job apps hard. My current strategy is playing up my school and internship projects, and mentioning the project management and communication experience I've gained in MEP. 

Does anyone have any leads? Should I change my strategy? Thoughts? 
There's actually a survey that I wasn't going to take from that order, I'll let them know. when my dad tried it he used 8 times too much due to that, which thankfully made it basically undrinkable, but if he'd powered through and chugged it he'd be in for a bad time.
you could always just say in english "sir I'm sorry that you think I'm (thing he just said in Arabic), I'm just trying to help you."
Someone recently said to me "you can send faxes over the internet now." and I was like, yeah, that's called emailing a PDF
The clock is fine. You're repeatedly passing out for hours at a time.
It was an art history course, so it was mostly remembering a lot of dates, themes, techniques, artists, and titles. All I know is that the first known musical piece is the epitaph of seikilos, and that Caravaggio's Crucifixion of Saint Peter uses tenebrism for dramatic effect. Actually I know a good deal about The Crucifixion of St. Peter, I wrote a paper on it. Counterreformation artwork, my dudes
Super Body Fuel makes a product called Super Electrolytes. It's literally every electrolyte - magnesium, sodium, potassium, calcium, phosphorus. I put half a teaspoon of that in a water bottle with some Aldi Mio knockoff. I use a product called Sqwincher Zero at work for convenience.

Edit: got confused. Not manganese.
Well I know what I'm doing at lunch. I've got some cash back on my discover card, and I can spend $20 of it to get a $25 GAP gift card. DEALS ON DEALS ON DEALS
Could also solve the "not in my backyard" issue. 
Studying for my art exams was always: make flash cards, run through them until the moment the exam starts, and regurgitate the information as fast as possible while feeling it all fall out of my head
I think the Dassault Systemes Enterprise Product Database Management (EPDM) can work with any files. It's intended for solidworks, but I know at my last place we had all kinds of files protected in there. As I understand it, you check files out and back in, and every check in is backed up. It could at least be a good place to start in terms of what kind of software you're looking for.
The qi charger is really small. I feel like most modern phones wouldn't fit
I feel like my soul is slowly getting sucked out. Some of my coworkers love this industry, but it is absolutely not for me.
After having my volt for a few weeks, I had to drive my old car to show it to the buyer. I was like man... This thing makes a whole lot of noise for not a lot of hustle. And it technically had more horsepower.
In college I moderated a Facebook page that got super popular, and it got out of hand at times, with some people posting horrible stuff to goad certain people on (it was a small Christian college with a lot of homeschoolers). Then they'd screech "CENSORSHIP! YOU'RE DICTATORS!" when we told them they can't be talking about necrophilia. We did our best to keep it under control, but it got to the point where someone signed my school email address up for porn sites and sent me literal garbage through the school mail. Eventually I quit moderating it for my own mental health, but for the longest time Facebook notifications gave me huge anxiety, and I was even worried when I got an anonymous friendly Valentine's day card (probably from my friends' SOs) that someone was somehow playing a trick on me. Unsolicited packages freaked me out too. It was rough
Make sure the basement door stays closed if I go down there at night. Our cat died a couple months ago, we used to put her down there at night so she didn't meow at everyone's doors at 3AM.
Bruh that's exactly what I'm trying to do, same time frame too. You ever heard people say to "put in your year?" A lot of people take the first sucky job they get out of college, work it for a year, and use the experience to get something better. I just applied for five jobs last night. Fortunately your job seems related to the field you want to be in - I wound up in HVAC and would really like to be in automation or robotics, so I'm having to bank on my senior design project and independent study, which nobody wants to hear about when you've had two years experience. 

Sorry, got on a tangent. Yes. You should absolutely feel free to switch jobs. A job is a transaction - they are buying your services. If you were selling stuff on eBay, you wouldn't take the lowest bidder. So if someone else can pay you more for better work, go for it. As for how it looks on your career, like I said, lots of people "put in their year."
Nice job! I can never get that high, because I can never help myself from flooring it from a dead stop and giggling as that sweet low end electric torque shoots me forward with that cool little "whee^e^^e^^^e " noise from the coils
Christian logo parodies are the highest form of art
They used to make these at my college in the engineering program, until some morons spilled alcohol all over a table and caught it on fire. Our class built a crappy spring powered car that jammed half the time and broke every few dozen runs (not due to poor machining, due to the design of the car itself). I was pretty ticked, cause they showed us the engines when we toured and I was looking forward to it.
Raw water! This is what our ancestors drank, it's what our bodies are adapted to! Now if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go poop in my water source as well, because our ancestors were much wiser than us and cholera is a virtue
I'm gonna design a phone with notches on every side that can only be charged wirelessly because it has no ports. It'll be dipped in molten glass to give it an ultra premium sleek feel, while also making it so delicate you need to put a huge rubber case on it. It'll also make it impossible to repair, which is a plus. All I gotta do is put six cameras on the back and scream LOW LIGHT PERFORMANCE and it'll sell like hotcakes
"I'M GONNA BLOW UP GUAM"

"No you're not."

"You're right, I'm sorry. Wanna have peace talks?"
Lots of big tooling posts recently, wanted to get in on the action.

This went in a horizontal CNC that was roughly the size of a studio apartment. It was a pretty neat shop. I'll upload some bonus photos in a sec.

Edit: [a big CNC and a big micrometer](https://imgur.com/a/fhn25Gv)

I check to see if I'm in keto periodically, and I always am. I never eat more than maybe 10g of carbs at once, and a lot of that is from vegetables. My body is generally really solid about staying in keto. I'm seeing results, so I'm not too worried about it. 
Man I'm hungry all the freaking time now. I've done keto before, but only went so far as jogging in terms of exercise. But now I'm doing push-ups, pullups, sit ups, squats, and body weight side raises (I wanna see how far I can go with just calisthenics), and my body is like "YO UHHHH YOU GOT ANY MORE OF THAT PROTEIN?" even after I just ate. I think maybe it's the noob gains, because I'm hitting my gram per lb mark. It's just two hours later I feel like I'm hungry again
For you formed my inward parts; you knitted me together in my mother's womb. I praise you, for I am fearfully and wonderfully made. Wonderful are your works; my soul knows it very well.
Psalms 139:13‭-‬14
For me personally, I wasn't going to get the premier until i found an incredible deal on a dealer demo. I'm 23, so I just didn't have the money for it - but I found one "used" with 57 miles on it (not 57k, just 57) listed for $11k below sticker that had never been titled and was therefore also eligible for the credit, which brought it almost down to the price of a used LT. So... I guess I have a premier now.

The parking/blind spot/rear traffic etc sensors are really good, because the Volt has pretty bad visibility. The sensors more than make up for it. The Bose sound system with the subwoofer is pretty bangin. Really crisp and full sound, and the subwoofer can go down to inaudible sub-bass that you can feel. My brother is somewhat of a digital audiophile (he produces music and programs his own effects), and he said it sounds like they tuned each speaker to have its own limiter, so you can push it to the max without distorting. So it seems like there's good attention to detail in the setup. I wish there was a little more EQ than just bass/mid/treble, but I'd probably just screw it up if there was so eh. 

My favorite thing about the premier has to be the automatic high beams. It's a feature I didn't even know existed and blew my mind. Makes me feel like my car is my personal robot butler.

Edit: as far as preheating, on 120 it's going to be more of a comfort thing than efficiency. You won't get much extra range out of it.
If you can charge 12 hours at night on 120, that should be enough to charge from flat. That means on a good (ie warmer) day you should have plenty of battery to do round trip to work and run some errands. 

As for winter, that's where the engine shines. A pure EV suffers a lot in the winter, because it has to use a ton of electricity to heat the cabin, which can cut range almost in half. But the Volt will run the engine up to 120-150°F and use the coolant for heat, generating a bit of electricity and propulsion in the process. Which is still extremely thermodynamically efficient, since you're using both the thermal and mechanical energy from the engine and not rejecting any out the radiator (since it only warms the engine enough to heat the car).

Then for the long hauls, you seamlessly switch to gas, and you're just driving a hybrid. 

It definitely seems like it fits your lifestyle. Only thing I can think is, I know that if you leave it unplugged in extremely cold temps for a while, it will go into a reduced propulsion mode at first while the battery and engine warm up. But you shouldn't rev a freezing cold engine anyway, so that's not really that much different from a normal car.

As far as other options, there are other PHEVs, but I think the Volt is the best right now. The Prius prime wouldn't even cover your daily round trip, and I know I'd hate the reduced propulsion in EV mode. Honda is going to be coming out with their Clarity PHEV that's actually slightly better than the Volt on paper, but I don't know when that will be available, and you probably won't be able to get a good deal on one any time soon. Plus, no used market, if that's what you're looking at.
[You could try something like this.](https://youtu.be/2nyYfBjMJMI) it's not the intended purpose, so you might have to get creative, but I could see it working.
OOOOOOH, DUCKLINGS!
As someone trying to build a career, I can guarantee you, a sense of humor is way more valuable than an extensive vocabulary. We've got one guy in the office who talks in this really awkward and cumbersome way just to use big words, and it's definitely not getting him anywhere. Meanwhile the bosses win contracts because they're easy to get along with and can hold a conversation.
Derp. Meant port. "Short the USB drive with a lime to unlock the computer and track the hacker's IP though the mainframe!"
I just started getting into roasting (my dad and I split the cost of a Behmor), and I just did a big batch of cold brew to get rid of my test roasts that weren't great (along with my old stale coffee that I hadn't been drinking because I was having fun with my test roasts). It came out a lot better than expected, especially considering I committed a cardinal sin and re-roasted one of them because it was seriously underdeveloped and tasted like leaves. 
Yeah, I think all of the cost associated with cold brew equipment is just to make it easier.  I mean, you're just putting grounds in cold water for like 12 hours, there's not much method to it. You could mix it in a bucket and filter it through a t-shirt if you wanted, it would come out tasting pretty much the same (assuming the bucket and shirt are clean). I just did the nut milk bag method in a big pitcher last night.
Could have a light curtain. They're often used on industrial machines where operators may stick their hands in heavy machinery. You break the beams, the door won't close.  I think we had some CNC tube benders at my last job that had a pressure pad on the floor surrounded by light curtains to create an exclusion zone, so that the operator could load the machine, but it wouldn't actually run if you were anywhere near it.
I had a prof who was supposedly amazing if you had him for higher level math courses, but was totally bored with lower level courses. I'm pretty sure he did partial fraction decomposition in his head during an example once. It was impossible to follow what he was doing half the time.
This was addressed during the Protestant Reformation. One big teaching to come out of the Reformation was "the clarity of scripture," described this way in the Westminster confession: "...those things which are necessary to be known, believed, and observed, for salvation, are so clearly propounded and opened in some place of Scripture or other, that not only the learned, but the unlearned, in a due use of the ordinary means, may attain unto a sufficient understanding of them". This was a point of contention because people like John Wickliffe and Jan Hus were severely persecuted for distributing Bibles in the common language, because the Catholic Church at the time believed that interpretation was impossible, or at least very dangerous, for non-clergy.
I'm looking for a new job, and I recently got a heart rate tracking watch. I'm looking forward to my heart rate graph the day I quit.
I'm not saying it's terrible necessarily, I'm saying it's gotten to the point where I don't want to be associated with it. Like, I have Minecraft on my phone, but it's almost a dirty secret because of the stigma
I was gonna look into fortnite when I first heard about it, but now it seems like it's jumped the shark into a meme and gone the way of Minecraft, with 10 year olds making YouTube channels about it and brands posting about it on Twitter
I'm pretty sure a bit of electrical tape isn't gonna help when you jam the whole contraption into lime juice. I'm surprised it didn't immediately short the drive.
Yeah every snap he sends me of my nephew I'm like IT WAS TOO SHORT, PLEASE SEND ME MORE BABY SNAPS
one time some girls came up to me at a birthday party when I was a kid and started dancing around me because I wasn't dancing. As I tended to do at the time, I took it as though they were making fun of me, and pushed one of the girls away. she fell down and everyone looked really shocked, and it suddenly snapped into perspective that I'm a really tall teenage boy who just shoved a little teenage girl. I felt like a monster and it's still one of the memories I cringe the most at. I did a lot of growing up in those five seconds.
dude you shouldn't feel bad about that. it's called the fight or flight response for a reason. especially since your friend thought it was awesome - it sounds like it's a cool funny memory to him, so you can feel fine letting it be the same for you.
I've been using Super Body Fuel's Super Electrolytes. If I neglect to drink it, my performance is definitely worse. I also use their Keto Fuel, a nutritionally complete meal shake, for breakfast and lunch, which has all your daily vitamins. I also add a scoop of isopure. (I was a soylent guy before, I just don't like having to figure out lunch before/during work.) I feel like it's been beneficial. The other nice thing about keto fuel is that you add your own fat in the form of olive oil, so to go from bulking to cutting I just went from 3 tbls to 1 tbls, which across the two daily shakes dropped my calorie intake by 480.
It can go the other way though. My brother is a new father, and there's someone in one of their group snapchats who sends multiple long snaps every day of their dogs just... bein' dogs. My brother has said he wants to try going 1:1 on dog snaps to baby snaps - any time she sends a dog snap, send some more baby pics. Just drive the point home. 
The gif doesn't, but the actual simulation starts when the big froggo drops into a blank screen, and ends when all the little bois leave the screen. He just moved the beginning of the gif after the fact to make it look like a still image in the thumbnail.
Indeed, my Indude
That's my percentile for height in the US, and I can think of four people I know off the top of my head who are taller than me. Could probably think of more if I tried. 

But more importantly, I don't refuse to socialize with people shorter than me, because ignoring people based on an arbitrary metric is a turd thing to do and makes for a sad and lonely life.
Actually this reminded me a lot of William Osman's latest video
I've always known how to read analog clocks, but I've never been good at it. Until, ironically, I got a round-face smartwatch, and I really wanted the classic look of analog. The most digital watch in history is what got me reading analog.
I've always thought tattoos were cool and thought about getting one, but then I remember how many times in my life I was totally convinced of who I was and what life was about, when in fact I was a huge dolt at the time about a lot of things. So if I don't want past me making decisions about what artwork goes on my skin, I'll do future me a solid and not make that decision now.
Yeah, he's clearly done that before. Plowing through the fence would not be my first instinct.

Although given how it weeble wobbled with those skinny guys climbing it, he might've been like "that'll definitely collapse under my weight... Might as well just collapse it from the get go"
One of my favorite memories from college was one of my friends starting up myst with his girlfriend, and slowly more and more people trickled into the room, until eventually we had a room full of people all discussing the game, somebody had a whiteboard, it was great
I'm a dude, so maybe it comes easier, but I've always been more shy, reserved, and socially anxious. I used to resent my height because it made me stand out, and I just wanted to blend in. But eventually I realized that, even if I slouch or crouch, I'll still just be a slouching or crouching conspicuous giant. Which is even worse, because now I'm that weird quiet Quasimodo guy. So it forced me to stand tall, with my shoulders back, and just accept that people will look at me for a little longer. And eventually I started owning it. Started standing up straight, lost a bunch of weight, got a better haircut, grew a sick beard, started dressing better - if they're gonna look at me, I wanna look my best. I'm working on building muscle right now (hard to do when you're tall, but it's slowly happening). I think being conspicuously tall has forced me to come out of my shell a little bit more, because my shell is too small to begin with.

Start talking to me, though, and that social anxiety will kick in and I'll be reduced to a frightened animal. I'm working on it.
Every time I wash a dish by hand, I remember some stupid thing someone shared on Facebook about how cancer is caused by dish soap and we can cure it with B vitamins. It was some quack doctor hawking his book. It makes me mad, because if you want to make stupid claims, whatever. But if you tell people they can cure cancer with vitamins, you run the risk of them actually, you know, believing you, and forgoing actual treatment in favor of your rite aid regimen. You could literally kill people. Making claims like that is extremely irresponsible.
I'm pretty sure you're supposed to swing splitting mauls. My grandfather has a wood burning stove, and a custom 22lb maul that he made in the 70s. Just a huge block of steel welded to a pipe as a handle. It can bust two foot logs in half in a single swing. I've used it a lot like that. The reason it's dull is because it doesn't cut - it wedges itself between the fibers, so there's no need for it to be sharp. They do sell splitting wedges that are intended to be used with a sledgehammer, but they don't have handles.

You're right about the way to swing, though. Get your hand up at the top, heave the whole thing in the air, and let your hand slide down as it falls to control it. Swinging a maul is really more of a controlled drop. The way he swings, he's fighting leverage on the way up.
/r/notKenM
I used to set up and run inflatables. We got treated like babysitters so often. I once had to shut down a ride and just wait because a child too young to talk, whose parents were nowhere to be found, had climbed into the exit of my ride. I couldn't physically remove him, because the rest of the kids were so badly behaved that if I didn't physically block the entrance they would all pile in the ride at once. So for safety reasons I had to just stand there and try to get this kid, who can't even understand me, to stop bouncing in the slide and get off. Where the heck were his parents? The freaking kid was in a diaper!
hot tip, couch covers can make an ugly couch look totally acceptable.
I've got a Subway gift card in my wallet from my Grandma. She passed away September 2016. I never really feel like spending it.
Ayyy no problem. 

Honestly, at the time I thought it was dishonest and sketchy, but ultimately just scammers being scammers. But recently I've received phishing emails that were spoofed to look like they were coming from *myself*, with a bunch of other people CC'd. It feels really invasive to have someone stick your name on something your don't approve of, so I really see where he's coming from. It's a really dick move.
haha that's about where I thought I'd lose most people
Bob Geren was known as "the duck" because during one season, there were three separate times that he had to dodge a ball thrown directly at his head. He was almost killed. The first was an accident, but the second and third are widely accepted to be intentional, although the players were never disciplined. This is because he broke the ball switching scandal, where pitchers were switching balls with heavier or lighter ones depending on the need. The pitcher's union had already spent several hundred thousand on the development of a remote controlled baseball, so in breaking the scandal he cost them a lot of money.

As you can imagine, I'm lying through my teeth and actually have no idea why this baseball man has a duck bill.
They sell riced cauliflower at Aldi now too.
Lawful good: I carefully write all my exams so they end up with a B average. If there's a fluke, I curve it to match the historical bell curve.

Lawful neutral: the class average is a D, so I curved it up so the average is a C.

Lawful evil: the class average was a B, so I curved it down so the average is a C.

Neutral good: the class average was a 40%, so I just added 23 points to everyone's exam so the highest grade's 100%.

True neutral: everyone gets a B.

Neutral evil: the class average is 40%. *shrugs*

Chaotic good: the class average was 40%. We're going to play Jeopardy for extra credit.

Chaotic neutral: I put all the numbers in the grade book wrong, and none of us will realize until the end of the semester.

Chaotic evil: I threw your exams down the stairs. Top stair is a B, bottom stair is an F. The rest are interpolated.

Edit - alternative for chaotic evil: The average was 40%. I must not be assigning enough homework.
Plan our wedding in my head until she walks away
would that make it so the whole touchpad was right click and only the right corner was left? And would it mess with the single finger/double finger tap?
I remember we had to build a similar robot my freshman year of engineering school. We were supposed to move an empty can from one end of a field to another as fast as possible, then move the robot back to where it started. We had a cool thing where there were ejector wheels holding the can into a little cage that were linked to wheels on the ground, and the whole thing was built on a pivot so that when the robot moved forward, it would lightly drag the wheels on the ground, but when it moved back the wheels would be jammed against the ground, which rotated the ejector wheels against the can and ejected it. The cool thing is, since the ejector wheels were driven by wheels on the ground, the can was ejected at exactly the same rate as the robot was reversing, meaning we could just spend all our time optimizing the robot's movement to be as fast as possible and the can was held perfectly and ejected perfectly every time. I think ours was the fastest, even though we had one guy who knew he was gonna switch majors and didn't really do anything the whole time.
True, I take it back
How would I use AHK for this? I can't think of how to do it, but I'm not super versed in AHK.
Remember - if you feel like you've mastered the topic, you're not learning anymore. Learning feels a lot like being an idiot
I don't know if there's a newer model or what, but mine has a lock that prevents the button from being pressed at all. I often throw it in with my laptop.
The best part is the fact that she said "he's beautiful." Like, kinda blows your cover on the whole sincerity thing when you call a baby wombat a beautiful baby by mistake
And from the commercial side of things, if you've got a grease interceptor and you don't empty it, you don't have a grease interceptor. You just have a box of rancid grease water sitting in your kitchen.
What about Vocal Point tho? Those boys are frickin' legends even outside Mormon circles. I'm mainline Evangelical and went to a Presbyterian-ish college, and we sang their version of Nearer my God to Thee in Glee Club. The following year after I left they sang their version of Come Thou Fount
This foil ball thing is getting out of hand. Every third YouTube YouTube video released now is like "GOLD foil ball mirror polished IN A HYDRAULIC PRESS CUT IN HALF LASER CUT ETCHED WITH ACID AND SHOT!"
Nah, she's perfect for him. Plus, there's going to be a girl at the wedding who's smart and tall, and he's gonna try to set me, a 6'5" nerd, up with her. 
I met a girl who loves the Boosh. Guess who's engaged now!

Her, to one of my friends.

I'll be in the wedding!
BOUNCY BOUNCY, OOH SUCH A GOOD TIME
A NAZI MAN CAME AND STABBED ME WITH A BIRO

Edit: PEACH HAT
Not as wild as you would think - stereo installers have to be careful not to create loops of wire that could pick up interference from the spark plugs in a regular ICE car. My brother installed his own stereo, and now has static that changes pitch when the engine revs.
To be fair, I'm 6'5", and if a bug-eyed fully developed human that only came up to my knees came at me screaming, I might get up on a table
We have a lil water powered tractor sprinkler. You lay down the hose along where you want watered, then at the end where the water comes out you loop it back around and connect it to the little tractor, which then sits on the hose. When you turn the water on, a sprinkler on top of the tractor starts spinning, and the spinning sprinkler is connected to the wheels by a really high gear ratio. So the tractor slowly creeps along, using the hose as a track to guide itself, dragging a loop of hose behind it. It's fun to just sit there and watch it on a lazy summer day.
Potato
Get rocks

>Ye cannot get the rocks from here!

Get rocks

>Ye cannot get the rocks from here!

THE ROCKS ARE RIGHT THERE COME ON
at some point I had the steps to beat Peasant's Quest memorized
I bet that thing rides like a wagon on the Oregon Trail
my brother thinks it could be electromagnetic interference from the motors feeding back into the stereo. 
I'm always grossed out by the idea that I could end up in a position where my bunghole is in direct contact with the sheets
not really a quirk, but tonight I had practice for a church choir thing with my dad. people were talking about exercise and doing squats. I've been doing body weight exercises recently, and did 122 squats this morning (along with other exercises, it wasn't the only thing I did). but I didn't want to be a weirdo so I didn't say anything. but my dad wanted to show me off and was like "HEY BENEVOLENTPOTATO HOW MANY SQUATS DID YOU DO THIS MORNING" and I was like uh... 122 and then people make squat jokes several times as though I was the squat king who just loved doing squats and it made me uncomfortable
pro tip: if the slide is too grippy, clean it with armor-all. I worked for a company that set these up back in high school, and we always had a bottle of degreaser and a bottle of armor-all.
Apologies that this is the total opposite, but - as my grandma's dementia progressed, she started to tell anyone who had even a bit of body fat "you've got a tummy on you!" or "you're getting a tummy." My greatest weight loss achievement was when I lost a significant amount of weight (shoutout to /r/keto) and she actually said "you're getting skinny!"
/r/instantbarbarians
It's not as easy as you might think getting a job - and it's really tough finding a good one. It was partially because my internship fell through on offering me a job, but I didn't find a job until 5 months after graduating. And while it pays ok, definitely better than most of my peers, the job is a mix of mind numbing, stressful, and frustrating, with very little actual engineering. I'm looking for a job that's a better fit right now, and it's definitely difficult, especially where I am geographically.

I mean, all things considered, it's better than what my peers have gone through. I know a guy why worked two years after college at his old job as a warehouse employee before finding something even remotely related to his degree, and he certainly does not make much. But people aren't going to be coming up to you left and right offering you aerospace R&D positions your senior year either.
Yeah I feel like the third guy was running over like WHY DIDN'T YOU HIT THE E-STOP YOU MORON
I started driving in 2011, so I have had the strange privilege of actually seeing gas prices go DOWN since I started driving. "BACK IN MY DAY GAS WAS... actually nearly twice as expensive as it is now"
I went to lunch with one of my brother's friends. Sat across from him, made conversation. Didn't recognize him when I saw him a few weeks later.
It is my understanding that only a Sith deals in absolutes.
It is my understanding that only a Sith deals in absolutes.
I just got one of them for free from a sales rep we work with. I was like, yeah yeah, polo shirt, notepad, t-shirt... And a freaking $30 travel mug?!?! I mean I'm not complaining but one of these things is not like the other
"this will make my life so much more convenient with less wasted time!"

*Accidentally an entire hobby*
I see those all the time here in Ohio. I'm always like, the only salt here is on the roads, buddy
I had this great knack in college for almost completely checking out during class, except for one part of my brain that would stay awake listening for questions I knew the answer to. Then I'd raise my hand, answer it, and then fully check out. Participation points for days
If nothing else you can resell it. That's dirt cheap for a SB with performance base
It was before my time, but someone at my college pooped in a dryer and turned it on. The funny thing to me is that it costs 75c to start the dryer, so they literally paid for the privilege of pooping in the dryer
There's an older guy at my office who goes out for lunch every day. If you assume $10 a day, that's $50 a week - exactly how much I put into my investment account every week. Once I'm his age, I could buy a nice home in cash with the money I save not eating out.
I remember the one summer I started running, I was getting ready to do it, and I thought to myself "eh, I could just put this off until tomorrow." But then I realized, I'm going to feel exactly the same about starting tomorrow, and every day after that. Do I want to be the kind of person who says I'm going to do things but never does them?
This bot doesn't get the reference, what a nerd
Her alot just lays in the ball pit, stinkin up the place and leaving hair everywhere
Careful, when you have a hammer everything looks like a nail. I know people who spent over $1000 3D printing parts for their senior projects, only to in the end have a design that's not scalable because the parts aren't manufacturable.

Also I knew the guy in charge of the printer, and he had someone who printed off what was effectively a box with three round holes in it. You don't need to print EVERYTHING.
Yeah, I recently started working out and it helps a lot. apart from that, it's really just identifying the irrational thoughts that are creating the anxiety and shutting them down. 
my brother and I built a foundry out of some old bricks, charcoal, and a mattress blower with a long metal tube. I went so far as to make a two-part sandcasting rig and cast an aluminum lightbulb. we used gas pipe fittings as a crucible
Internships are typically a lot more low-key than your actual job, so I wouldn't worry too much about the internship. For me, my main issue is that I have generalized anxiety disorder. I saw a counselor for a few months who taught me some coping skills. The big thing is recognizing anxiety and nipping it in the bud - realizing when you're having anxious thoughts and trying to let them go. it's really hard, and it's really just a habit you have to get into (or I guess a habit you have to break). I'm still struggling with it. But the big thing to remember is that most of the time, worrying won't get you anywhere. worrying you won't meet a deadline won't make you work faster - in fact, it'll sabotage you and impact your work. 

Sorry I couldn't be more help. Like I said, I'm still kind of trying to navigate it myself.
Here's an actual tip, though. If you don't have your mental health in order your grades will suffer. You will absolutely get better grades if you let yourself skip the last homework problem or two to get a good night's sleep before an exam. And all the additional stress affects your performance a lot too.

I found this out my junior year when I ended up going to the hospital for chest pain. Turns out it was nothing, but the doctor said it was probably stress related and asked if I was stressed. I couldn't remember a time I wasn't stressed. So I decided to take it easy and just let the chips fall where they may. I stopped beating myself up about not focusing in class (I really can't do lectures and learn best from the book), stopped beating myself up about not getting homework done days in advance, stopped staying up until 3AM to finish a homework problem that's ultimately 0.5% of my final grade. And that can't-do attitude is what got me on the Dean's list with distinction my final three semesters.

It's tough, but being able to let go can be really beneficial. I'm currently struggling with anxiety at my current job. But you'll be a lot more productive in the end if you let yourself make mistakes or sacrifice some homework problems. 
It's a small difference, but mine is heather gray (dark gray with some texture to it) and I really like it. Looks ominous to me, like a storm cloud. It was actually the color I first picked as my favorite when I started looking into the Volt, so when I found a great deal on it I was stoked

But then, I'm a pretty bland guy so maybe it's just me
I drink a chocolate shake for two meals a day, but sure, call me joyless
>which takes its name from the disheartening 1973 dystopian film Soylent Green

False, as anyone who did even a second of research would know
I currently do HVAC engineering for a children's hospital. I have to do field work on Saturday in the palliative care ward. I really don't want to go.
My sister in law tried to get out of QA. She succeeded, until like a month into her job they shuffled things around and made her MANAGER OF THE QA DEPARTMENT. 

She's quitting soon.
Let's get this out on a tray - nice.
and Applied Science. HPC might crush one, but I can't even think of why Applied Science would ever get near this thing.
what? they claim to have been "featured in" the Hydraulic Press Channel and Applied Science. I follow both of them and I'm 99% sure neither of them have ever talked about it. they also say EEVblog, but I could actually see him featuring it, if only to make fun of and debunk it.
Two guys are sitting on the front porch in a communist nudist colony. One says to the other, "Have you read Marx?" and the other guy goes "Yeah, I think it's these wicker chairs."
I've always wondered whether any homeless people ever catch, cook, and eat pigeons. You gotta kick them out of the way half the time anyway
Initially thought you meant a washing machine and was confused why you'd be dropping it in a hydraulic tank. 
Yeah, on level 2 (240v) the Volt can only draw 16A (some other cars draw more). So you'll be charging as fast as possible. It takes me about four hours to charge from flat 
AmazingE is manufactured by Delphi, who is the OEM for the charger that comes with the second gen Volt. They sell one that only does 16A, so you're not paying for more than you need. I think I got mine for less than $300 on sale
they had one of those clearing out a path for power lines in the forest by my house years ago. we were all standing out there like "WHO ARE THEY? WHAT DO THEY WANT? IS IT THE MILITARY"
I definitely thought "2001-2018, so seven years"
Or when somebody eats too much chocolate cake, and then barfs it up?
If I get around to it I'll put my Maytag microwave on it. My brother bought the same unit, and both of ours broke within months. On ours the door switch failed. Haven't had the chance to look at his yet, but the door switch is apparently a known and common problem.
I was gonna say, reminds me of trying to play rocket league on my old college Facebook machine
That's true. And it looks like they changed their branding to be less Lego centric. I think last time I was on there the logo was a Lego. Lego logo
"not my fault I rear ended the bus, he beckoned me right up!"
I think it's funny that someone built this whole website for checking Lego sets. Like, if it were me I'd call it like "targetchekr" or something, make it more marketable. But this guy was like nah, most people will probably use my app that checks the entire inventory at any Target to look for Lego.
Which, I just found out, can be viewed in chrome on mobile by long pressing the photo.

(Well, technically I was using Warp. But it's a chromium build)
I wonder how many of these happen in industry and are just never caught because the answer came out right
Unnecessarily heated things will spoil you. I always thought heated steering wheels were super frivolous, but my new car has one and I'm like well crap... Now I can never go back to a peasant car with a cold steering wheel. 

(which isn't a good thing, because the only reason I could afford mine is because of a one-in-a-million tax loophole regarding what constitutes a "brand new electric vehicle." So I probably eventually will have to go back to being a peasant.)
This thread is making me feel like I have to yawn
I think I heard something about how trucking companies have an insane yearly turnover rate, so a lot of truck drivers you see on the road either just started or are about to quit
Why buy a Mitutoyo knockoff?

Because Mituyolo
>While on a visit at the Kläckeberga church in southern Sweden in late July, Kicki Karlén, an erotic author, said she was shocked to find Ikea bags overflowing with human bones.

That sentence is a wild ride out of context
I used an OG pebble, then a time steel, then a zenwatch 3, and now a Huawei watch 2 classic for sleep tracking. Never had an issue with any of them from it.
One time I watched the Mr. Bean movie where airport security asks him if he's had any drugs and he said "not that I know of." I thought it was hilarious. I went to the doctor a few weeks later, and she asked if I had any kids. Being a socially awkward church youth group regular, I envisioned like, not realizing that you were a loving committed father. Not realizing the implications replied "not that I know of" and got the dirtiest look from the nurse
Binary mullet. 0 up front, 1 in the back
> It all comes down to a national standard in Canada that says if there aren’t genetically-engineered varieties available for a product’s ingredient(s), you can’t label it as non-GMO without a descriptor. For example, since there are no GMO oranges on the market, a non-GMO claim would have to state something along the lines of “like all oranges, these oranges are not a product of genetic engineering.”

So it has less to do with the fact of whether something is genetically modified, and more to do with *implying* that competitor's products genetically modified. 

Kinda reminds me of when gummy bears are like "100% fat free!" Well yeah, are there people out there putting butter in their gummy bears?

Doesn't really matter to me though, since I'm not Canadian and think GMOs are great.
Uh... Stocky I guess? I'm pretty much proportional. If I was far away with no reference objects you probably wouldn't realize I'm tall.
It's weird that Chevy is an industry leader in both the big ol' pickup market AND the EV market. I see a Chevy logo and I'm like ayy Chevy!... Wait, you're probably not talking about my Volt.

My household has a Volt and a Colorado, though, so to each his own
I have very little experience, so you should probably assume I'm a moron. However... Both of my brothers and my sister in law have switched jobs within the last couple of years due to bad management and being underpaid.  My sister in law did it twice. I'm looking to do it now. So our family has talked about the merits of switching jobs a lot. 

It seems like a lot of businesses have forgotten the merits of keeping employees long-term. Nobody offers pensions anymore, raises barely outpace inflation, and promotions are just ways to give you more work. A lot of the people I've talked to, even older people, admit that now, it seems like the only way to climb the ladder is to switch jobs. My brothers and sister in law got 20-30% raises to do the same work by moving companies. That's about the kind of raise I'd be looking at if I get an offer from the place I just interviewed with (which I felt pretty good about). 

But money isn't the only consideration. Every workplace has politics, but if politics drives everything, or the company is constantly putting out fires they started, or everybody there hates their jobs, a new job at the same salary might be a good move too. 

Basically what I'm saying is - if you think you could get the same or better salary at a company that will treat you better and let you keep your sanity, I'd say go for it. Worst case scenario you waste some time going to interviews. Heck, you might even be able to use an offer from another company to shock them into treating you better. 

Again, I don't have a lot of experience. But I've done a lot of thinking about quitting jobs. And in my opinion, if a company treats their employees like they're trapped there and have no choice, it's up to you to show them you're not.
I had to pass a background check for work at a children's hospital. I'm told they used to do drug screening, and I believe they even did blood tests if they were going to give someone badge access. 
Plus, I believe even "demonetized" videos still get a bit of money from Red users. Which is neat.
It's pretty great for starting out. I don't really play a lot of games, so I didn't want to go dropping 10 bucks on a game only to find I don't like it. So I bought the "overwhelmingly positive" bundle and just tried some stuff out. It was like $12 to find out what kind of games are meh and which ones I like
Only tangentially related, but I just recently noticed the Waze app added a crowdsourced roadside assistance feature. It'll show passing waze users your cry for help and what the issue is. 

Obviously won't help if you need a tow, but I thought it was pretty interesting
You also get podcasts, and the radio stations are pretty cool. Only thing I wish it had its collaborative playlists.
Weber Auto on YouTube has a video about the Volt vs the Leaf batteries. The leaf apparently advises in the owner's manual to wait until the battery has cooled down to charge it - i.e., no plugging it in right when you get home. It also has a bunch of other warnings too. I guess the leaf uses cabin air to condition the battery, so if the car isn't running, there's no battery conditioning. 

The Volt manual basically just says to try not to leave it in super hot or super cold weather unplugged for a long time. 
My dad has a Facebook friend who sends him a photo of the weather on the news almost every week. He doesn't really even know the guy, and he never says anything. Just sends the weather.
I'm trying to make a career change, and I can't tell you how many times I've gotten halfway through a "systems engineer" listing only to slowly realize they want an IT guy
"can you just review these plumbing drawings? Just a simple review."

Ok... aaaaand you don't have any domestic water to any of the plumbing fixtures. And you don't have any cleanouts. And your don't have any drains to your eye wash stations.

"Oh. Well can you fix it real quick?"

Sure, right after we adjust the fee.
As an intern I was literally given a spec sheet for a transformer *in Chinese* and was asked to find a similar one. I'm convinced it was a test. 

Jokes on them, I the feature on Google translate where it can translate photos.
A lot of CVTs use push belts on their pulleys, it's basically a stack of steel bits that locks into a rod when you push on it
screw this weather, man. I've had mine since October, and I've only seen it not covered in snow or salt maybe six times since then. I haven't even been able to cruse with the windows down.
The best single argument I ever heard against solar roadways was "we can barely get them to make any money with nice, clean, south facing, sun tracking panels in wide open fields. How could we possibly get it to work with flat, dirty, panels with cars on them?"
You can also buy NFC tags and load them with a little bit of data. I got 8 for $10. I have one in my wallet that automatically adds me as a contact when scanned. You can also put links on them, put a bit of text on them, or even put your WiFi credentials on it so that people can scan it and get automatically logged in.
The people who ask everyone their availability are probably the same people who never actually put their appointments on their calendar, and then reply all after you plan a meeting to tell everyone they actually have a dentist's appointment that wasn't on their calendar
My Chevy volt key fob has a passive RFID chip in it. If the fob is dead, you can put it over the VIN and it will let you unlock. There's a secret indentation under the mat in the center console that, when the fob is placed on it, allows you to start the car. It also has a backup key in the base if the car is completely dead and you need to get inside.
I told everyone I could about this in college. Everybody was astonished.
feel that? that horrible feeling of regret? that's a neat thing your brain does where it cements into your mind that you need to think about the consequences of things before you do them!

*sometimes learning feels baaaaad*
He might have an IQ of 130, but he also sounds like someone with an obsessive personality disorder hyped up on Adderall
I've had good experiences with recruiters. But I've heard a lot of shady things about Aerotek
I just went through a northern Ohio winter with the OEM energy saver tires. It was more of a sled than a car at times, but I got through.

Most people I know around here don't put winter tires on their cars. I think everyone just drives very carefully until the plows deal with it. Is that not normal?


Two things:

1. I had a shady Aerotek experience too. The guy asked me my desired hourly rate, which I had to calculate since I had only ever considered salary. So I told him that, and he told me the best he could get me was some lowball number that was like 20% lower than what I was looking for. Then, after I got a job elsewhere, he had the gall to ask where it was and how much I was making there (which, coincidentally, was the number I'd given him initially). I didn't even justify his email with a response.

2. That other job is my current job, which is MEP engineering. That guy was right, the code basically does your job. I'm currently looking to get out. If you get high up enough with your PE and everything, you can become a super high paid businessman engineer hybrid, but that's not what I'm looking for.
seriously, I'll be playing a board game and be like "alright, so I had 17 health, you hit me for 13, so I have... uh... uhhhhhh... STOP LOOKING AT ME, YOU'RE MAKING ME NERVOUS"
I'm trying to make a career change, and I'm trying not to get tunnel vision with my current job. My current job feels so important to my life, because it is - but if I've got another written offer, it is no longer important. I don't want to screw over my employer, so I'm putting in a two weeks notice, but it's hard not to think I'm somehow doing something wrong by going somewhere else. I mean, clearly they're doing ME some kind of disservice, or I wouldn't be getting out of here.
I had my first (and so far only) relationship my junior year of college. I always figured I'd never have to deal with the ridiculous hormone fueled embarrassment of a first relationship, since I'd watched it happen to other people and was "more mature" than that.

Apparently not. Posted incessantly about it on Facebook, was super cringey with her, and was destroyed when she ended it... after two weeks. Complete with long, embarrassing, rambling Facebook post that I've long since deleted in shame. It still haunts me to this day.

Thing is, though, it sort of slingshotted me into a period of self reflection, which made me realize that I was sort of just floating through life. I realized that there were a lot of things that I liked to think I could be, but that I never actually worked on becoming. I always thought, yeah, I could be a cool music guy. But I never acted on it. So I joined the campus Glee Club. I always thought, yeah, I could be fit if I really wanted to. So that summer I took up low carb and exercise. I kept doing things like that - going to counseling to deal with my anxiety, leaning into my faith, joining the band and choir at church to keep up my music skills, doing strength training to build muscle, listening to podcasts to learn more. I bought a mill and a welder so I'd have a hobby other than "internet." I recently got into sous vide cooking. 

I feel like I'm on this journey of becoming someone else. It's been fun, and I'm proud of who I am. 

It almost makes the thought of those Facebook posts worth it. *shudder*
"guess I'm gonna work on a farm now"
When we learned fatigue, the professor said it would only get us within like 20% of the real answer, so we'll probably just do testing in the real world.

Encouraging
I remember barely scraping by in Diff Eq with a C, and at the end we learned about Laplace and I was like... Then why did I learn all that garbage about non homogeneous whatevers if I can just Laplace it all? 

Then I got a TI-89 titanium and totally forgot how to do any math. 
Corollary: I never downvote a downvote troll. If someone says something too ridiculous, I check their score and post history. If all they do is chill on the Microsoft Surface and Linux subreddits telling people to buy Macbooks, they're clearly trolling for downvotes. In my perfect world those comments would all have exactly zero points and no responses. Just a single downvote.
What if there was a version of Reddit where anything older than a month was deleted? Like a Snapchat version of Reddit. It would take way less server space to store, too
Looks like it should be pronounced "sinkerelli"
if by "fight" you mean having your hands crossed in front of your forehead, trying to knock each other over by headbutting, then short people actually have a huge advantage. lower center of gravity.

my group in college had some weird traditions.
This is a perfect DIWHY. because it clearly took so much effort, and materials cost, for what is ultimately a one time visual gag that's not actually useful at all
COD SLAP IT
^2 0 ^2 0 ^!
And also, they conveniently don't show the oil refinery and oil wells
Red was actually pretty solid, I went back and listened to them recently and it still holds up. Already Over is a pretty great
I think I had the album from it, but I don't remember actually going
Yep, that's it.
At Clay's park, right? I remember my mom was at the "new talent" tent promoting her music, and I skipped out on her set (with her permission, obvs) to see Anberlin
I'm feeling edgy today, I'm gonna listen to some Skillet
What about Skillet
I didn't have this song, because I only had this album because I borrowed it from a friend and ripped it to my computer, and his disc was scratched and some of the songs were corrupted. 

Memories, indeed.
I think at some point in high school I decided Mmhmm was my favorite album of all time
I always feel bad for teachers who have to deal with this. I know plenty of people who are teachers because they love the material and love teaching it, and it's got to be a very particular kind of heartbreak to have students who not only couldn't care less about your passion, but actively work to sabotage you sharing it with them or anyone else. To go into teaching, hoping you'll shape young minds to be brighter, and end up having a breakdown after years of students who don't care and hate you for caring. There was some Vine that got popular back when Vine was a thing where a bunch of kids were laughing while a teacher cry-screamed "SHUT UP!" At them, and every time I see it I get sad. She's just a lady trying her best to help kids get an education, and they broke her
It's weird working in an industry with stuff like that. I worked for a company that set up inflatable bouncy castles and stuff, and it's kinda surreal the first few times you get angry at a Disney princess bounce house for being uncooperative. 
It's not like bigger control systems have never been designed - I have a Chevy Volt, and it puts out 120kW at peak power. That's like, four times the theoretical peak power draw of our home (judging by the main breaker). 

It's like if a car company said "yeah, our cars break all the time, but it's not our fault - we buy the transmission from a go-kart company, and that's what always breaks. Nobody's ever put that much torque through it before!" Well duh. Because it's not made for that.
I'm a mechanical engineer. I remember before getting to college realizing, I can't even think of what classes I would be taking to fill out four years of a degree. Physics... Materials science... 3D modeling... that's all I could really think of. I literally didn't even know what all you learned to become an engineer. Heat and mass transfer? Never heard of it. Mechanics of materials? Didn't even know you could calculate that stuff. Thermodynamics? How is that different from heat transfer? Stress analysis and design of machine components? That is too long for a class name. A "self taught engineer" will have big blind spots.
I think it's the fact that the people don't have to stick around. The exterminators just come in to get assignments and supplies, and apparently to wreck the toilet. The truck drivers may never see your place again. Meanwhile, I'm here 9 hours a day - that's OUR bathroom. I can't swing by a gas station or McDonald's if the toilet is wrecked. But those guys don't care, they're just dropping in.
My monitors have been running hot. Where can I get a can of blue smoke to recharge the system?
/r/notKenM
have you restarted both the watch and phone?
our office shares a bathroom with an exterminator's office. their guys wreck the toilet. I've started taking a mini spray bottle of disinfectant with me to the toilet, and more times than I can count I've wiped splattered diarrhea off the underside of the seat and scrubbed skid marks off the sides of the toilet. I've also often had to flush the urinal for people (who for some reason have pee that smells like rotting fish). One time, I was in the stall, and one of their guys came in, peed, and I heard him barely flick the urinal handle before walking off. It CLEARLY didn't flush, and he just didn't care. I've also had to turn the sink off when I walk in. WHO DOESN'T TURN THE SINK OFF?

I'm a 20-something millennial, cleaning up after middle aged men. It's absolutely ridiculous.

and they've even had the gall to put signs up IN THE BATHROOM, the bathroom that we sometimes send clients to if they need to go, blaming us for it. WITH PICTURES. thankfully, we're an engineering office who keeps records and deflects liability, so we referred them to the sign above the toilet reminding people to flush, which WE requested that building management put up after too many incidents. they also came over to our office to blame us for "leaving a mess in the ladies' room," when we only have one woman who works in our office, and she wasn't there that day. 

Edit: I just went in and not only was the toilet not flushed, but they somehow managed to break it off the studs. I gently kicked it and it moved an inch or two. How.
My buddy had a guy come and install an outlet. The guy showed up with a single piece of conduit and one elbow, and given the limitation he decided to try to go behind some new steel reinforcement beams. Well, it didn't quite fit, so he got a crowbar and started prying the beam forward to get the conduit to fit. Well, the beam was installed right by a hole in the joist for electrical wiring. When he pried it, the beam pinched the wires, eventually shearing all the wires in the hole, which blew three breakers, including the main house breaker.

He just told him to go away and hired someone else to fix the debacle.
I think that's sort of the going theory for why we sleep at all - there are predators out at night, it's dark, it's dangerous, so the best thing to do is find a safe cozy place and hide there until the sun comes back up
Heck, I'm looking for my second job. I have 16 months here and 9 months of internship experience, so a little over two years if you count internships (which a lot won't). It's so irritating that I've held the job title of "mechanical engineer" for over a year, and I'm still apparently not qualified for an entry level job.
I think the closest H&M to me is a metal fabrication shop by the same name, and that's like half an hour away. And I'm pretty sure they don't sell clothes
I would argue that the sink is the first thing to be made automatic, and the only truly necessary thing. Theoretically, the paper towel dispenser is only touched with freshly washed hands. The toilet and soap are only touched with dirty hands. But the sink is the only thing that is touched both pre- and post- hand wash. It frustrates me when everything EXCEPT the sink is automatic. 

Hand-wave paper towel dispensers frustrate me too. They seem to make sense, until you realize that they have a sensor that detects if you've taken the paper towel, so why not just get rid of the wave sensor and make it spit a new towel out when you take one? They reprogrammed the ones at my college to do just that, and it worked so much better.

I have a lot of hard opinions on things that don't matter very much.
100mg caffeine directly under the tongue. I have a problem.
a Lightning McQueevo
people with Roombas - I have an old Roomba Discovery that I've been keeping alive with spare parts and replacement batteries from Ebay. is there any reason to upgrade to a newer model, or should I just keep doing what I'm doing? other than having to roomba-proof my place, it basically does what I want it to.
my dad was an early adopter of the Blackberry, and we called it his Crackberry. He was the first person I saw try to update his facebook status while driving. the man was addicted to it.
both my brothers moved jobs for 20-30% raises. I'm, fingers crossed, about to do the same thing.
especially likely to be quaker oat squares considering they're the bomb
I did almost the exact same thing with a container from Target. cooking country ribs in it right now.
Human Body
I have a job interview today. This made it worse.
some engineers start out loving imperial because AMERICA. that gets beaten out of them in thermo. WHY ARE WE STILL MEASURING THINGS WITH OUR HORSES AND OUR FEET
the idea itself says alcohol, but the execution screams focus. I don't know what to think.
yeah I thought I was on /r/keto for a sec
I went to /r/zerocarb once and saw someone asking about putting an entire chicken, bones and all, in a blender. I'll stick to regular keto 
You missed an opportunity to invent the term "guacamousse"
Our college didn't discourage desire paths, but every spring they fertilized them with manure. Well played.
I am 6'5" and am a groomsman in a wedding where they're doing suspenders. So that's a bummer to hear
Thank you for putting engineer in quotes. I'm looking for a new job, and I've spent far too long reading through a "systems engineer" position only to realize they actually just want an IT guy. 
Mechatronics, or a robotics minor. Ironically, my alma mater began offering a robotics lab that will, hopefully, become a full-on minor course if it goes well, and the course was partially based off the work I did with steppers, Arduino, and LabView in my senior design project. The advisor for my project headed up the robotics minor and told me he was sort of using my project as a starting point for the lab.
I spec plumbing fixtures in my line of work, and everything has to be ADA height. Which is unfortunate, because the old short toilets are better for actually poopin. But we gotta comply with code, so tall bois for everyone
I am larger than a dog. I cannot eat a bath towel. This does not make sense to me.
I'd definitely recommend a level 2 charger. It's pretty handy when you have to run errands in the evening, you can get a reasonable amount of charge before you head back out. It's also convenient because you can just leave the 120V one in your car so you always have it. plus, if your area has demand metering (unfortunately mine does not), you can do all of your charging in the early morning when electricity is the cheapest.

if you want a solid cheap charger, the brand "AmazingE" is manufactured by Delphi, who also manufactures the OEM 120V charger that comes with the (edit - gen 2) Volt. I did a bunch of research, and the AmazingE, GM, and (I think) Ford chargers are all under the same UL listing. they're nearly identical. it's only 16A, so you're not paying for more charger than you need, and it's under $300. as a cherry on top, for some reason it comes with a big honkin' dryer plug, so you wouldn't even need an adapter or anything to plug it in.

regarding burning up the outlet - a GFCI wouldn't protect against that. burning up the outlet is an issue with poorly installed outlets. GFCIs just protect against current going where it's not supposed to, specifically to ground. BUT, I think another big reason it defaults to 8A is so you don't blow breakers, especially when charging somewhere other than home. you'd hate to plug in at an outlet at a hotel or something and have the breaker pop. you never know what else is plugged into that circuit, and if it's a 15A circuit, 12A is cutting it close. I think Chevy anticipated that most people would buy a level 2 charger for their home, and that the level 1 would be for use at friends' houses or hotels or whatever. I think that's why it's referred to as the "portable charge cord" in the user's manual. 
I've never used protein powder before, so I just searched keto protein on Amazon and wound up buying isopure cookies and cream. Holy crap - I use it to add additional protein to Super Body Fuel's chocolate Keto Fuel, and it tastes exactly like you put chocolate filled Oreos and milk in a blender.
Ah, gotcha
Someone gave me their unwanted pipe tobacco years ago to help me get started. Really showed me how cool Reddit can be. But now... It can't be that cool
I always upvote CS Lewis.
knew it was gonna be a proposal as soon as they mentioned the Matthew inscription. Us Christians love elaborate proposals with cryptic verse references.
If you screw up and everyone rushes you, I guess? Maybe I'm misusing the term, I'm kind of new to video games.
You flatter me.
It's called "just six weeks." Supposedly it's a six week plan to being able to do 100 push-ups, 200 sit ups, etc. Spoiler alert, it'll take longer than 6 weeks. But it gives you a plan to follow and tracks your progress, which is all I really wanted. You just repeat days when you can't do what they tell you to do until, one glorious day, you can.
I like broiling. You can get the outside nice and browned while just bringing the inside up to temp. Only works for certain sizes of meat, though. I've also been messing around with burgers, which are neat because you can cook them to perfect medium rare in the sous vide, and when you want to make one, just fry the outside - as long as the inside is warm it's perfect.  Warming it in the bath is definitely the official way to do it, though.
Definitely. I cooked six individual bags of chicken on Monday to eat at my leisure. And now I'll have pulled pork and roast beef for days. And it's all perfectly cooked
I got one from my college, since I didn't want to put a sticker on my shiny new car
My dad wrapped a car with advertising for his insurance agency. He saw a spike in sales, but nobody said it was because of the car. They all said they'd heard about him from friends or family members or just trusted the company or whatever.
One time I saw a license plate frame that just said "1-800-NEW-FORD" or something. Has anyone ever called that number? I can't see how that would go down. "I HAVE AMNESIA, ALL I KNOW IS I NEED TO BUY A FORD AND I DON'T KNOW HOW"
I bought the car from my dad's cousin, so the name of the dealership is my last name.
One time I saw a car that had the dealer name *inside the brake lights.* So you could only see them when they hit the brakes. Not to self - never buy from that dealer.
I never understand why people are ok with that. I don't have the Target logo on my shirts, get your name off my car.
I disproved you while eating soup.
Ever tried Deadbolt? It somehow manages to be a stealth puzzle game that sometimes incorporates elements of a bullet hell. It's very addictive.
yeah, I got an email confirmation when I emailed assistance@taxact.com, and I got an actual response when I emailed webmaster@taxact.com. (I emailed assistance after webmaster, so I still may get an answer from both)
just checked - I get the exact same thing.

I managed to track down an email address that actually works. for some stupid reason, you have to go to their contact page in internet explorer, which is a completely different website than the broken contact form that shows up in Chrome. I got a response from TaxAct, who claimed that the form wouldn't be released by the IRS until March 23rd... except that the form was already released February 23rd. So I emailed them back and told them that, and am awaiting a response. 

I've been a TaxAct customer for three years, but this is the last year I'm using them. only reason I haven't jumped ship already this year is because all the rest of my stuff is done, so I'm just waiting on this. but if their customer service is this bad, and they can't get a two page form together a month after it's released by the IRS, I'm just going to use TurboTax from now on.
My dad did a vegan thing for a while (heart disease reasons) and his black bean burgers were bomb
I just started doing a body weight exercise app, and I'm surprised how much I look forward to doing them. Will I be able to break through my pushup wall? Will I finally have a day where I do more than one pull up? Will I hit another wall with sit ups, or make it past another day? Find out tomorrow! It's almost... Fun.

Except squats. Squats are the worst.
I asked for a sous vide cooker for Christmas thinking it would be a fun thing to play with every now and then. It's now legit one of my main sources of food. I've currently got a pork shoulder and a bottom round going. I'm so much more into cooking, sous vide is awesome
if you want to stick with happy mug, try the Bolivia. It might be more up your alley.
like the FE or PE exam? I actually don't have that either, but in my state "engineer" is defined as someone with an ABET accredited degree, so I can still hold the title. 

sucks, dude. but now you know what to expect next time, at least.
I failed several major tests and I'm an engineer now
indeed. 

Just FYI, this comment posted 5 times for some reason.
[Here she is, in all her elegance.](https://i.imgur.com/yHaoR24.jpg)

Although... I regret to inform you that she had to ride the rainbow two weeks ago. The reason for the webcam was because she was confined to a small area in our basement, since she was getting dementia, howling at nothing, and going on rugs. She had kidney failure and arthritis. She did ok in the little room though, because she couldn't get lost and could just chill... Up into she started pooping the bed. Her quality of life wasn't good anymore, so we had to make the call. She was 18, the little trooper. 
Any time I've had roommates, I've always claimed the cabinet above the fridge. Even if I'm moving in after everyone else, there's never anything in there anyway
I work in MEP engineering, working with architecture firms. I haven't personally done it, but I know that sometimes we will look at our master models in VR to visualize it better. It's more useful for the architects, but sometimes we use it in mechanical rooms.

Edit: and I know you can rent 3D scanners to do field work as well.
*riding on the hood, tiny whip in my hand*

ONWARD TO VICTORY
Don't worry - I even had a dealer try to tell me I wouldn't get the tax credit if my employer withheld*. It can be confusing. But basically withholdings are only for your convenience - when you file is when everything is actually added up, and if you gave too much money to the government because you got a tax credit, they give it back.

*(That same dealer tried to sell me a titled volt with 20k miles on it as "new" since it was a dealership car. So I didn't give their tax knowledge a lot of credence either.)
Well, I have used it to mill out the case for a raspberry pi that I used to make a webcam to watch my cat. I feel like that qualifies as a shenanigan.
Cool. I'm actually an engineer, but my grandfather is a machinist. I just have a little benchtop mini mill at home that I use for shenanigans.
Haha thanks! I was gonna do it on my rotary table, but then I remembered I had a step drill that could get me close enough. It was for a welded thing, so it didn't need to be perfect
Yeah, I'm interested in all kinds of niche subjects, and it makes me sad that nobody in my life wants to hear about how cool it is that my car can do series-parallel hybrid or how I managed to machine a certain radius. But that doesn't mean I can't talk to people, it just means I can't talk to them about that. Because, as crazy as it sounds, conversations involve two people, and you usually have to find common ground. Or - GASP - talk about something that doesn't interest you to build a relationship and make someone feel heard.
My confession is that, unfortunately, I am incredible
Or because a big rock fell in the bucket of murky water and you didn't notice.
Shoutout to /r/volt

That is not a light car.
I don't know anything about PUBG, so I'm just going to assume you mean they literally mailed you a prepared chicken dinner for winning the game
When I dream that I have an awesome job, my own place, and a wife... And then wake up and realize I'm still at my mediocre job, living with my parents, with no prospects for a relationship

So I get out of bed and work out, cause a pity party won't do me any good
One of my bosses is very imposing and authoritarian, and I had a horrible combo dream where he was my professor and I was failing an exam in his class. I was gonna flunk AND get fired. I was stressed even when I realized it wasn't real
Even better - it waits until you've taken 100 photos, then prints and mails them to you. 
Heh, my brothers and I made our parents download it because they never answer their phones. It's pretty convenient when you're trying to meet for lunch and want to see where they are
Grant Thompson used to do stuff like that indoors all the time. I'd be like dude, you just filled your studio with smoke. What the heck are you doing
One time I woke up from a nap in college and went to dinner, and the entire time I felt totally disconnected from everything happening. Like I was playing a video game about going to dinner. It was weird
Depending on where you live and your lifestyle, it's absolutely not cheap. I think to people who typically would eat out, or who grab a $4 coffee in the morning, or live in NYC and shop at whole foods, it's cheaper. But I did keto one summer and tracked my food budget, and I was buying meat, cheese, vegetables, and eggs at Aldi for around $7 a day. Especially given that I'm 6'5" and was exercising, I was probably eating more than 2000 calories a day, for less than 2000 calories of soylent. I probably could've gotten it even cheaper had I not been buying meat and vegetables. 

The reason I do soylent (or, right now, keto fuel) is convenience. I don't like to figure out what I'm going to eat for lunch at work, and keto fuel is still far less expensive than fast food or something. I'm willing to pay for the convenience of not packing a lunch.
I was gonna say shoes. In high school and college I'd buy a pair of Vans, wear them every day, and buy new ones eight months later when they were destroyed. When I got my first real job I bought Wolverine Kilometer boots* that have now lasted me 16 months with no sign of stopping. Which not only will save me money in the long run, but allows me to buy cheap shoes for particular outfits, since I'm not relying on them as my daily drivers.

 *well, I thought I bought Wolverine 1k boots, before I knew anything about boots. turns out they were cheap Chinese boots fraudulently labeled as 1k at DSW. They started falling apart, so I contacted wolverine, who informed me they weren't 1k, but that I could replace them with something from the same line, which included the kilometer boots. The kilometer boots are way nicer than the DSW garbage, and life got in the way, so I didn't end up doing anything about it. Epilogue: for some reason, weeks later, wolverine sent me another pair of the cheap DSW ones. So I gave them to my brother.
Only negative about it is that lettuce is definitely not a direct replacement for bread in terms of amount of food. I got lettuce wraps when we ordered Jimmy John's recently, and it was nice, but it was a light snack compared to eating it with the bread. 
One time I was pink panther for Halloween and had a little speaker playing the theme music in my pocket
I was like "that's a good idea!" And then I realized I drive a PHEV and can't actually rev the engine
My brother once said that after living in a city for a long time and then moving back to a rural area, he was sometimes startled by the moon. We decided "startled by the moon" was a jazz album name.
A couple days, usually.
Why?
Just consumables. The initial cost is admittedly fairly high. I wouldn't be surprised if CO2 was cheaper in the US, as paintball is pretty popular and you can fill the tanks at a lot of sporting goods stores. 
It's about 15-20 cents to carbonate 2 liters. Plus you don't need to transport and store a bunch of 2 liters
Yo, you can get an adapter that allows you to use standard paintball tanks in the sodastream, which lets you get CO2 for a 1/4 of the price. You can even buy food grade paintball tanks. Just got mine filled at Dick's yesterday. If you're really serious, you can even get a full size CO2 tank from a homebrew store and get an adapter for that, which brings the cost down to next to nothing
Can you imagine being that agile? I think that about people sometimes too, like gymnasts. I'm 6'5" and it would be impossible for me to do some of the nimble leaps gymnasts do - the muscle I'd need to throw myself around would make me too heavy and I'd probably just break something. But then, nimble little gymnasts will never see the world from my perspective either. I wish I knew more people so I could live vicariously through them. But my world seems small right now. I hope it gets bigger soon.
Maybe it's saying you shouldn't put pregnant women in prison because you're also putting a baby in prison?

But like... I don't think the baby knows it's in prison
The dealership that sold me mine recently listed one that was bought back under lemon law because the key fob didn't work. I thought that was a little odd. I almost wonder if they regretted the purchase for some reason and just made up a reason to give the car back
I'm 6'5", the seat behind me are definitely useless. But most of my family would hit their head on the roof back there anyway, so they're really just cargo space and emergency seating. I always figure if somehow I absolutely HAD to transport 4 people, I could have a shorter person drive and then take shotgun, cramming as far into the dashboard as possible. But I haven't needed to.
My head is a mushroom cloud, cause you're blowing my mind
my blender always goes "bloop" and then an air bubble keeps the blades from doing anything :(
Excellent use of slow mo. I hate when the whole gif is slow mo and you never get to see what it actually looked like.
W H A T A M I G O N N A D O ? ? ?
Ha, I was actually waiting on someone to get a model 3 so I could buy their volt. But the dealer demo came up and I couldn't pass it up - 57 miles on it, and since it had never been titled, still eligible for the tax credit. After the over 10k dealer discount for being "used," the tax credit, and the $6000 from selling my old Mazda 6, I got the car for half of sticker price. It's a "premier" model, with leather seats, Bose sound system, automatic high beams, heated steering wheel, the works. I always tell people, I'm 23, I've got no business driving a car this nice - but it'll make it easy to drive it for a looooong time, since it'll be forever until a car this nice for that kind of money comes up again.
I only got keto flu the last time I induced, and it wasn't that terrible for me. I'm just lucky, I guess. If you ever try again, just know that once you get past induction, you feel great. No carb crashes, dulled hunger, more energy overall. I've done it several times - the first time I lost 60 lbs, and this past time I lost maybe 20 lbs before I decided to finally try strength training. So now I'm trying to bulk.
11 people were injured in this incident. This has left my mom, who is a sucker for slapstick, in an endless loop of giggling about this gif and feeling bad about it
Imagine the lines are made of springs. You could push the corner in to the diagonal, but the lines would get shorter. 

The thing is, you're not really approaching the diagonal. Because no matter how far your go, you can still zoom in and find a bunch of little triangles. You're just making more triangles. To finally match the diagonal, you'd need to squish all the triangles, making the lines shorter.
I've got some people in my life like this. Convinced that it's better to drink full sugar soda than diet because chemicals, convinced that GMOs cause autism, convinced that soy is bad for you but can't provide a source because they don't "keep all the articles they read like a professor", convinced that essential oils will cure their cold even though a week ago they said essential oils were keeping them from getting sick, convinced I'm going to have a heart attack because I follow a ketogenic diet. I basically just try to prevent the conversation from going to my food choices with those people. 

The GMO thing really gets me the most. Like... I can understand the fear that a chemical may have some unknown effect, even if the science shows it doesn't. But the GMO thing is like - the genetics are destroyed when you eat the food. You don't absorb the encoding of the DNA of the things you eat. And as for nutritional value, plants have been genetically modified to be MORE nutritious - and why would it even make sense to think that if you modified a plant to have disease resistant genes from another plant, that it would make it less nutritious?

But now I'm just ranting.
Sometimes I'll say "H-E-double hockey pucks!" And then when someone questions it I just yell "HEYOOOOOO"
[TEAM] Defending...
That's how it is in my Volt. And, if I'm not mistaken, if the battery goes flat in the fob, it has an NFC chip that can be passively read by a sensor under the VIN to unlock the car, which can then be started by putting the fob in a particular place in the center console
Doing the same thing with a Volt. Got a sweet deal on a never-titled dealer demo, gonna drive it until it croaks. 
Great material for both /r/killthecameraman and /r/whyweretheyfilming
Awesome. My plan was beige jeans, an olive twill blazer, brown boots, and a pink shirt. Only thing I'm concerned about is the shirt being too loud with the tie, but I'm test driving it on Palm Sunday, and you can get away with a lot more pastel than normal.
Cobb salad is a solid option. Looks like you wouldn't need to modify it at all. A lot of the other stuff you'd have to ask them to hold the potatoes or whatever. 
You might want to see a counselor. I felt a lot of those things while I was struggling with depression and anxiety. And depression and anxiety wreck your focus and drive, which can make you incompetent. I could be completely wrong, but it's something to consider. I didn't really realize how much of a chokehold anxiety had on my life into I started talking through it with a professional.
I just bought [this tie](https://i.imgur.com/r02GnLE.jpg). I have an idea of how to wear it, but just the one outfit. Interested in y'all's take.
I believe there's a church themed hot dog stand in Pittsburgh called "The Franktuary," if that counts
0!
*Bob LeSponge*
yeah, one time I got on a binge of watching defcon videos, and if there's one thing I learned from all the pentester talks, it's that your million dollar building security badge system does nothing if Kathy from accounting will hold the door for anyone wearing business casual. 

I sometimes do work at a hospital (I'm an engineer for a consulting firm), and I did some field work a while back. multiple times I'd go into an elevator that was employee only, with my badge hidden under my coat, and forget to scan before hitting the button. inevitably, a nurse or doctor would go "oh, here you go" and scan for me, and ask what floor. I'm pretty sure you could get anywhere you wanted in that hospital just by playing dumb.
I've always wanted a cube of tungsten for my desk, just because it's so startlingly dense. But they're way too expensive. No way am I paying that for dumb ol steel
I had budgeted to just put the money directly into the car loan to pay it off faster, so I don't really need it immediately - it's just frustrating that such a simple form that's basically copy/paste from last year is still under construction halfway through March.
Yes. XL is never that much longer, if at all.
You can always return it, so might as well try it. personally, when I started buying large tall stuff online instead of the slim XL they had at the store, it was like the sky had cleared. larger sizes don't get longer, they only ever get wider.

Sorry if that's totally unhelpful
You're basically describing my weekdays before I went on keto. Coffiest for breakfast, 1.6 for lunch, normal dinner. I actually now do the same thing with Keto Fuel. That's what soylent is made for.
They also put his title as the smallest thing on the billboard, so you have to search to figure out what he does or why you'd call him, which nobody's going to do. So really bad design.
 THROWING👏 MONEY👏 AT👏 FAILURES👏 JUST👏 MAKES👏 THEM👏 FAIL👏 HARDER 👏

This should be etched into the stone above the door to Capitol Hill
a lot of cars like this actually have a front axle lifter to clear speed bumps. so you've got to stop for every speed bump, lift up the front of your car, clear it, go back down, and go about your business
I remember thinking one time "why do they always put these stupid sinks so low?" and then I realized the common denominator
we just had to say goodbye to our little lady (a meow pupper, not the bork kind). sucks, but sometimes it's for the best
That reminds me of how the public pool next to the high school would open its parking lot for students during the school year. Since it wasn't school property, the school couldn't search those cars, so all the kids that did drugs would park there. It was always the druggie lot
Facebook is a flaming pile of garbage in most respects
It won't let me fill in the date of purchase
They do in the second gen. I saw the reflection off some street signs at night when I took my foot off the pedal.
Ohio accent here... uh.... I say "gonna" instead of "going to?"
engineering plotters used to be like this, but now they're just big printers. which is cool and all, but I like seeing old drawings from back in the day that were plotted with an actual pen. we've got a lot of skeuomorphs from that time, like Autocad still has "pen profiles" and most of our stuff is still drawn as "line work."
I wound up buying a USB 3.0 dock to handle the ethernet, mouse, keyboard, and controller, and then I just use the charger and a displayport cable. three things is still better than one thing that doesn't work, I guess. 

where'd you get your dock? I bought mine refurbished, and I'm wondering if it's a QC problem with older docks.

I'm 6'5" and I can't imagine being over 300lbs. that's a lot of muscle
Not when the application has "prescreening questions." Just immediately got a rejection email for a job that I have all the very particular qualifications for, because I have 2 years of experience, not 3. A human didn't even see my cover letter.
This is why I give myself anxiety by checking my work like six times. What if I accidentally typed an insult to the architect in the middle of this drawing? Better double check
I actually don't have one. I opted for the mini mill first. I decided the mill would be more useful for the kinds of shenanigans I get into.

I decided to burn some plastic over a bonfire, and for some reason decided to touch the molten plastic. still missing a part of my thumbprint.
there used to be an app on the play store that would give you a high score for how high you threw your phone, using the accelerometer to determine how high you threw it.
you could start an investment account. I use betterment. start saving for the future.

or, that could get you a really nice 3D printer.

or, you could buy a harbor freight mini mill, and associated tooling from little machine shop. then you'd have... a little machine shop.

or a combination of the three.
HVAC/plumbing/fire protection.  
Mechanical engineering.  
No.  
less, looking to move to another industry.  
if an employer pays for it.  
HVAC/Plumbing/Fire protection.  

..

engineering grads: don't be afraid to jump into some job that's not perfect. In fact, I'd say don't make your first job your dream job. You're gonna learn a LOT of stuff, and screw up a lot of stuff, and it's fine to learn it at sort of a "throwaway" job. Then, you can move to some other job and be able to jump right in and be a lot more comfortable right off the bat. 
he's just showing off the quality of the clothes he buys. to assert dominance
My grandma pulled out of it this past month, but she's much worse for wear. We have to move her to a much higher level of care than she had before, she can't really feed herself anymore. She's 90.
"I like to make stuff." - me, who gets around to actually doing a small project maybe once every couple months. Currently have a half completed electric dirtboard that I can't get the gumption to finish, and I've had the steel for a pull up bar sitting in the garage for a week.
Personally I like the heather gray. Matches my personality.
Dude! I've been applying to every opportunity that comes up at my local NASA base for kicks, and have also been rejected for each one. Congrats!
I dunno man, I tried honey goat cheese once and had to throw most of it away. I like goat cheese, but I can't handle it paired with sweet.
For real though, I used to work outdoors in the summer doing heavy lifting, and people would always try to offer me ice cold water, because they'd feel bad for me drinking from my warm gallon jug of water.

Listen man, ice cold water is great for sippin' by the pool, but when you've got to make up the quart of water that you just sweated out, ice cold water just freezes your throat and gives you brain freeze. Room temp water all day
I grabbed a glass of water at my grandma's nursing home and no joke it tasted like someone scooped it out of a swimming pool, there was so much chlorine. But then, we have well water at home.
I guess there's an online versus mode on the phone version. One time my friend in college was playing it and the other dude was clearly some little kid. He was just stomping this kid, and the kid gets on the chat and asks him to stop sending bloons. So he sends like five steel bloons that totally wipe the kid out and just says "gg" in the chat and quits.


I was like, dude... Were you seriously just that savage to some random kid in *bloons tower defense?*
Mine was Lewis too! *High five*

I was gonna post an excerpt about longing from The Weight of Glory, but it was too long.
"To love at all is to be vulnerable. Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable."

C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves


Also, icicles. The reason you don't see icicles anymore is because insulation keeps the heat of your house from melting the snow. If a house has icicles, it has TERRIBLE insulation.
I've got an appointment at the dealer on Saturday (my passenger mirror was also loose), so I'll let you know what they say. I really don't think there should be condensation, and most people I've asked have agreed, but we'll see.

Edit: I found several people online saying that the Volt taillights aren't supposed to be sealed, so it may not be an issue. I found a GM service bulletin that stated that many new cars don't have sealed taillights, so that supports the claim.
Yep. Interesting little detail.
oh, good, now when something goes wrong four people will get hurt instead of one
My sister in law gets grossed out by dirty dishes, so she just throws them in the dishwasher as fast as possible and starts it. They never get clean. My brother loads it now.
My brother and I were talking to someone about organic stuff, and he got all fired up about how "of course it's better if you're not eating toxins." It's almost like a secondary shield people put up - cause now you have to convince them that "toxins" is a meaningless pseudoscience term
Hey, that was totally me in high school! Bs and Cs in every class, because I constantly neglected homework but aced every test without studying. As soon as I was in college I became obsessive about getting homework done. I also found that I can't focus on lectures, so I just quit trying and the deceased anxiety got me on the Dean's list. Heh.
My coworker once griped that the blender ball in the blender bottle was "useless and stupid." He uses it as a water bottle, so...
Well for starters, the flying elevator in  Willy Wonka? Those weren't invented until 1993
The only duct in a system big enough for a person is gonna be at the air handler itself - you're not gonna climb into a 10" tap. Only other thing I could think is maybe someone could get into a mechanical room by climbing in an outside air louver and out the access door on the air handler - that could work. But it wouldn't get you very far.
Excellent with pulled pork
Your typical human produces around 250 BTU/hr of sensible heat, and 250 BTU/hr of latent heat. What that means is that they add 250 BTU of thermal energy to the air, AND they add humidity to the air that takes 250 BTU/hr of additional cooling to remove. 

When an engineer specifies an air handler, we specify an entering and leaving dry bulb and wet bulb. This is because dry bulb and wet bulb is enough to pin down a *psychrometric state* (a combination of heat and humidity). With just dry bulb temperature, you don't know how much *enthalpy* (total heat content) needs to be removed from the air, and your air conditioner will end up wildly undersized, because the sales guy may not account for the humidity that needs pulled from the air. 

Now, in a data center, the servers don't produce any latent heat, only sensible. So your unit might be oversized if you only specified dry bulb, because the sales guy might assume some amount of latent load.

You could just use another psychrometric point, like percent humidity, but most air handlers specify dry bulb/wet bulb because it's easy to measure.
There was a fireworks store near me that advertised "buy two get one free" but then they'd just knock 33% off whatever your total came to
My brother and I hate when companies use "family." Like, my brother just got an email thanking him for joining the "Microsoft family." You gonna visit me in prison, Bill Gates? You gonna give me your kidney? Gonna let me crash on your couch if I get evicted? We're not family, Willy G
Homestarrunner.net - it's dot com!
I met a possum.
I worked an engineering internship that had you work two days on the floor to get you accustomed to the factory and to bridge the culture gap between office and floor. (Actually, every employee had to do a week on the floor - interns got off easy.) There was one guy showing me how to do some process. He asked me what I was studying, and I said engineering. He told me "well, stay in school. Cause this job is shit." and walked away.
The Mazda dealership washed my old car after service once, and it seriously just looked like it was rinsed off with a hose. This was after I'd scheduled a recall replacement for my airbag, then they told me when I came in for my appointment that it was never actually scheduled, then they didn't have the part when I came in for my rescheduled appointment, and then finally the service was done when I came in a third time, so I already wasn't impressed.
I set reminders and everything. I want my money back
I'd say this is hilariously effective
The Android community had a golden opportunity to make Apple look like fools by keeping the headphone jack and avoiding the notch. But instead they legitimized it, alienating their users in the process. 

We don't want cheaper iPhones, we want Android phones, dang it.
Well yeah, people don't have spidey senses for when you're needy. People reach out when they need things, that's how reality works
I feel like it's worth mentioning that a lot of people (probably most people) who use cool whip wouldn't consider it a replacement for whipped cream - as though stores replaced all the cream with cool whip, and you can't buy the really thing, and Americans are too dumb to notice. It's a pretty different product that's *like* whipped cream. There are plenty of recipes where most people would use real cream, like a pumpkin pie - but there are other recipes that are just intended to be a silly and fun flavor explosion with the fat and sugar turned up to 11. Like my grandma would make this stuff with pretzels, strawberries, jello, and cool whip on Christmas, and the stuff was like a drug. I mean obviously there's some people who aren't aware and would think cool whip was real whipped cream, but there's also people who cook steaks well done and smother them in ketchup. I don't think the existence of cool whip says anything about Americans except thanks we like to have fun sometimes, especially since they also sell real cream in the same store.
I prefer my toast boiled actually
You can't write outside the box because the standardized test graders can't see anything you wrote outside the box. It's automatically scanned into a computer and cropped down for faster grading. So the attempt at being deep and edgy was just useless shouting into the void. And that's the real moral, folks
My mom told me my face looked thinner. I'm doing keto
I could probably recite the lyrics about as accurately as [Tongo sings Pumped Up Kicks.](https://youtu.be/St32aLCNMmQ)
Stake out the door with a few camera angles - perpendicular, parallel, and top down would be easiest for calculation. High speed cameras would be ideal. Track the eggs on a computer as they fall and figure out the angle and velocity with which they hit the door. Then it would be simple projectile physics (plus air resistance for accuracy) to determine the origin. Stake that place out and wait for flying eggs.
I technically charge level 2 with an extension cord. I'm living with my parents, and I park in the driveway. we didn't want to install the outlet all the way by the garage door, because then when I moved out they'd have it in an awkward position if they ever bought an EV. so we built an extension cord out of a hefty 12ga cable (same gauge you'd use to wire the plug in the first place) and extended the plug from a sensible location to where I needed it. 

I haven't had any issues, so you should be fine.
State Farm Bank reimburses ATM fees. Also, State Farm Bank exists.
I go to the gun counter at Dick's to get paintball CO2 canisters filled for a modded sodastream. There's never anyone there, including employees - you have to push a button to get someone to show up. And they've got random boxes and junk sitting out. 

So yeah, this seems like someone in management was like "hey, we can trim some fat and get good PR in one move! Two birds with one stone!"
Fastgusting, the American way
My econ teacher was a long term sub while the real teacher was on sabbatical. Not once, but twice, she asked an opening question, someone answered it, and she said that we'd summed up her entire lecture in our answer so the rest of the day was a study hall.
And if we cure cancer, mortality rates from something else will be on the rise - cause something's eventually gotta kill us. 
tap water. for tapping holes
"when you order, we smash that fresh ball of beef on a hot buttered and delicious grill to sear the burger..."

YES I'M GETTING SOMEWHERE

"...burger you can taste."

crap.
Hi, welcome to Chili's
what's the cape for "wants to talk about all the stuff that really interests me but that nobody ever cares about, because I finally have a captive audience" because that's meeeeee
very gender specific. the salon I go to charges $22 for a men's haircut (I typically tip $4), but a women's haircut is $38. 
I used to go to some lady who would basically cut my hair the same way no matter what photo I showed her. I think it was just her "standard teenage male" haircut. thankfully she moved to a salon way too far away and it got me to go to a different guy, who cuts my hair perfectly. I changed my hairstyle and he got it perfect. he's also less insane than she was.
I ordered green plexiglass from Amazon once. it arrived and it was grey. I contacted customer service and they sent me... another sheet of grey plexiglass.

I think they just place another order for you when they do that. which sucks when there's a recurring product like this with a particular product.
"Savace." Must be French.
partial fraction decomposition, more like expand()
I have a SB1, non performance base. I don't know about that particular software, but I play Rocket League just fine on it without having to lower the graphics settings. I also just tested Autodesk Revit on it for work (a 3D building systems modeling software), and it was able to run one of our biggest models just about as well as our tower workstations. 

The SB1 can be had with a performance base that boosts it a bit, and the SB2 has even better graphics. the SB2 15" has even more ridiculous graphics, for a laptop.

you might want to see if iclone has recommended specs on their site anywhere.
yep, I was gonna say this. I'm near a Lockheed Martin location and I'm looking for a new job. while it would be a really cool place to work, I'd have to think long and hard about what those planes are doing.
interesting. my poop was the same shade today, but that's likely a different mechanism.
they sold it for a while in bottles. but mostly I'm referring to when you take some home and drink it later or whatever.

although, coincidentally, I have been experimenting with making the cheapest possible (to operate) DIY sodastream knockoff possible. I found a company called oooflavors that make all kinds of flavor concentrates, and I've been experimenting with making soda syrup with it. they have one that they call "blast of baja", and with sucralose and citric acid I can get pretty close. so there's that. 
A Series of Unfortunate Events
I didn't know what the car looked like so I googled it, and now I finally know what the weird looking car I saw with the weird devil horn headlights sticking out of the top of the hood was
Thanks man, good luck with whatever you're up to
I'm eating a bowl of taco meat with cheese, salsa, sriracha, and ranch. I'm down 15lbs. Living the dream
You're trying to trick people into keto aren't you. (good, I'm in keto right now)
"OH NO THAT CAR IS CAREENING OFF THE ROAD - oh, phew, they're just turning."

-what the people who do this must think other drivers are doing
Doing it right now
So it's the baja blast of Chipotle? Great when you're there, underwhelming elsewhere
Peanut butter and Sriracha in ramen
As someone who has also never been on a date to be blown off on, I'm gonna focus on improving my life, my character, and my mental health so that I'm the best me I can be, cause that's what I hope my future wife's doing right now too.

Er, I mean me too thanks
I'm getting a wicked deal because I'm still on my parent's old Verizon family plan with all kinds of deals grandfathered in, but once I finally get off it I'm gonna switch to a carrier that uses GSM, probably Ting. I really want to try different phones, have a cheap backup phone, buy used phones off eBay, and generally do whatever I want with the SIM without my carrier saying "ah ah ah, your contract isn't up yet!"
That totally seems like it would work. If you've got the components I'd go for it. I didn't even know there was an arduino SIM module, that sounds cool.
I think when you're on the phone you feel like you need to be engaged in the conversation. If you stop talking for a second while you make a maneuver, someone in the car won't bat an eye, but someone on the phone would wonder what you were doing
My car has onstar, Sirius XM, and Android auto. It's hilarious when onstar and sirius keep trying to get me to continue my subscription, cause it's like... You realize all of your useful features are implemented for free with better more up to date software in Android auto, right? Why would I want your crappy service where I can respond to texts with canned messages when I can just ask Google to send whatever text I want? Why would I pay for crappy navigation when I could just use Waze? Why would I pay for low quality satellite music when I can stream from Google play? 

Honestly, only thing I use onstar for is remote starting from my phone. And that's nowhere near worth the 20 bucks a month it will cost me to continue after my free basic plan runs out in a few years, so I just won't continue. Honestly, if the basic plan ended in a few months but you could pay like $5 a month to keep it on, I'd do that. But nope, bottom tier is the $20 guidance package, so I guess they won't be getting that money from me.
Not for cooking. It looks like it's for decoration, and you're supposed to put a candle there as a sconce. [Here's something extremely similar done in brick.](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/c2/b4/d6/c2b4d6990298b7db4a88f66d9288f300.jpg)
surprised nobody's said candle. looks like it's meant for a candle

Edit: a decorative candle. Not some special "cooking candle." [Here's a similar installation with brick.](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/c2/b4/d6/c2b4d6990298b7db4a88f66d9288f300.jpg) like a sconce.
he also pointed it directly at the other guy's head right at the beginning of the gif. all around a great help to the situation
googled the name on the building, looks like it's Kutztown University in Kutztown, PA. 

all PA colleges must look the same, because I briefly thought it was Grove City College in Grove City, PA.
yoooo why'd I start looking at this while I was eating
when I was in college there was an astonishing number of guys who would just use the dorm mattress with just a sheet and a blanket, basically laying directly on the mattress. like, they'd put a sheet down, but it wasn't fitted or anything, and it would get all balled up and they wouldn't care.

I also would AT LEAST wash my sheets on breaks, which was probably not enough, but I just didn't think about it. but I knew people who wouldn't wash their sheets THE WHOLE YEAR. my freshman roommate's sheets were ORANGE in the middle. THEY WERE BRAND NEW AND WHITE AT THE BEGINNING OF THE YEAR.

college men are disgusting.
am I reading this right that they'll basically let you just use a chrome account and start using the cards you have saved in chrome anywhere? because that is super cool, but also I can see people thinking it's "creepy" (even though you already surrendered that data to google when you saved it to Chrome, so like, what did you expect)
google pay wallet pay, android pay wallet pay android send pay send android. got it.
I did an internship for a company that made gas burners, and I was tasked with cleaning out an old cabinet full of customer drawings. I guess Krispy Kreme had reached out to them to get some burners made, because we had the drawings for their fryers in there. They let me keep them.
Idea: chrome extension that's automatically updated after every shooting to replace every instance of the perp's name with "some scumbag"
Had a roommate in college who typed above 100wpm, loved his mechanical keyboard with cherry key switches (don't know what color, but NOT the quiet ones), had gigantic dual monitors that might as well have been floodlights, and dropped all his 8AM classes so he didn't have to go to bed before like 3AM. I had 8AMs every day. Oh, and of course, he preferred his tower, so he couldn't just go use his laptop somewhere else like a *plebian*. Every night I drifted asleep too the infuriating sound of him clacking away at all hours, soothed by the cold harsh glow of dual 24" monitors. 

He was a nice guy, though. I think he was just oblivious.
I am extremely into this
I do my best work under pressure too. realizing this in college and working with it was what got me on the dean's list. I became an engineer with that technique
I can pee really far, and it comes out like a fire hose. There's a wooded creek in my backyard that's like ten feet wide, and I can almost pee across it. A friend once commented on the sound while I was peeing in a urinal, it was that loud. I've got the strongest stream east of the Mississippi and I don't know what to do about it.
Obama then Trump Trump
That's a total Grover Cleveland thing to say

^^Note ^^to ^^history ^^buffs ^^- ^^I ^^know ^^nothing ^^about ^^Grover ^^Cleveland
my standard order at Sheetz for a while was a fry platter with pulled pork, Dr. Pepper BBQ sauce, nacho cheese, and guacamole. it was great and awful.
 I got super into it at the beginning, but then after like, maybe episode 50? I just started getting really tired of how you never really know what's going on. Like, you keep thinking you'll eventually learn something, but you don't. And the humor of it wore off pretty fast too. Same thing happened when I checked out Homestuck, it's like the writer just got greedy and started making a more and more convoluted story until you just give up.
yikes. you made me go back and look at the whole thing. that's really something.
I worked a job setting up inflatables that sometimes involved a van. it was a pretty chill gig, sometimes we would get free food, get paid to go to peoples' parties. other times it sucked though because of children so eh
my baby's only four months old and I just got a chip in the windshield. :( thankfully my insurance covers all windshield issues at no cost 
they technically could, but I think they don't because of several things. one, consistency. a big advantage the Volt has over a car like the Prius Prime is that it is consistent regardless of drive mode, i.e. you don't get penalized with worse performance when you drive in EV mode. 

two, it would be difficult to ensure that the Volt doesn't run out of battery (or rather, its hybrid reserves) if they let you do that. again with consistency, it would be really odd and annoying to drive a car that gives you insane torque right up until the battery drops too low, and then limps along with the engine roaring until it recharges. the way the Volt works now it can apply torque with one motor while generating with the other, which makes it a lot easier to avoid depleting the battery.

Three, it's a front wheel drive car. the wheels already squeal if you stomp on it, I don't know that there's much more it can give.

fourth, which is probably the biggest concern - the drivetrain would have to be built to handle that extra torque. that means you'd have to upsize a lot of components, making the whole car heavier, and therefore less efficient. with those big batteries, you've gotta trim all the weight you can.

that's an engineer's guess. I was actually thinking about this earlier today.
mine does that if I'm approaching someone too fast. does it typically happen when you're behind someone? you can turn the sensitivity down on the left keypad on the steering wheel. other than that, I'd take it back to the dealer.
I've done it with coconut oil for this reason. Makes a really rich coconut latte that's surprisingly good. (not really /r/coffee approved, definitely a frivolous drink.)
Fair warning, it's not typical barbecue sauce like you might expect. It's mostly vinegar, pepper, and spices. If you want classic barbecue (like I prefer on ribs), there's a brand called Guy's that has a line of sugar free BBQ sauce.
I had a friend in college that used to make stuff like that. He also would play a video game where all you do is solve assembly code puzzles. Takes a particular kind to do stuff like this
Recipe: "drain excess grease"

Me: *laughs in keto*
Reminds me of something I read that said if Sears had put their catalog online in the 90s, they could've become Amazon, as they would've instantly become the first trustworthy online department store. But instead, they cancelled their catalog altogether to focus on their department stores, which were ironically obsoleted by online retail. They had all the infrastructure and employees - all that needed to happen was they needed to start taking orders online instead of by mail or over the phone. But they didn't see the potential.
LOVE IS IN THE AIR AND I HAVE THIS TERRIBLE FEELING I'LL NEVER EXPERIENCE IT AND WILL ALWAYS BE EXACTLY AS I AM

I've got a counseling appointment tomorrow though so I'm gonna SLAY THAT SAD DRAGON
ok. so the Photon would do better in application-specific stuff? that makes sense. I guess I just assumed more power = more better, but I guess that's not a good comparison.
https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007VXSSOE/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1
I took photos of it next to the date on my computer for that exact reason. Thankfully it didn't come to that, since it probably wouldn't have done me any good.
It's Scott's Carolina Barbecue Sauce. I'm just a really big fan of Carolina barbecue sauces and have been craving it on pulled pork, and for some reason it just now occurred to me that I can just *go buy some.* So I'm very excited for it. (plus, I'm low carb, and have been a little miffed that I've had to buy sugar free BBQ sauce. So the revelation that Carolina barbecue sauce is ALSO naturally low carb is pretty great.)
Confirm that they REALLY don't have anything for you to do. ask your boss if you can wander around and ask other engineers if they need a hand with something. one time I helped an engineer assemble some tooling for the floor during my downtime.

and if that fails... teach yourself Python. that's what I did, and it was a great decision.
yeah /u/Cirgeo give us the details! I've been experimenting with pulled pork and just found an awesome sauce I want to use.
I haven't looked too much into it, but what's the advantage of a Particle Photon for $20 over a Raspberry Pi Zero W for $10? it seems like the Pi would be more capable, but maybe there's something I'm missing about the Photon.
and that song was legitimately big in Korea. It's like if we were to say "haha they were playing Lights by Ellie Goulding! haha straight out of 2012!" like... yeah, people keep playing songs for a while. it wasn't a meme in Korea, it was a song
I'm an MEP engineer and uh, that's wrong
/r/kenM
yes. I can do it. I'll try to describe how to do it.

1. close off your trachea like you're going to hold your breath.
2. try to inhale. 
3. relax your throat.

at this point, your epiglottis (the thing that holds your windpipe shut) should be held down by the negative pressure of you trying to inhale. so when you relax your throat, it stays in place. then, that same negative pressure pulls on your upper esophageal sphincter, which, if you're lucky, will respond by gurgling open. again, if you're lucky, then the lower esophageal sphincter will also get pulled open by the pressure. bada bing bada boom, you're inhaling into your stomach. this is great for burping, but you don't need the lower one to open if you're going to drink something. you can just open the top one, the bottom one will (usually) open on its own when something hits it. 

I figured this whole thing out when I was a kid, I think when I was trying to see if it's possible to swallow water with your mouth open. that might also be a good place to start. 
note regarding cold beer. you can pass out from doing this with liquid that's too cold. I can do this, and one time I did it with maybe half a quart of cold refrigerated orange juice to show off to some people. immediately I started feeling dizzy, and my vision actually started to go black and I began to stumble. I had to find a wall and sit down.

I asked a doctor about it later, and he said your vagus nerve, which goes down into all your squishy bits in the middle, is very temperature sensitive. if you fill an empty stomach with a ton of cold liquid all at once, your vagus nerve gets a very strong signal that you're suddenly hypothermic, and begins pulling blood from the extremities to warm up your core - which includes your head. so your blood pressure drops in your brain and eyes and legs, and you get very wobbly, start losing vision, and start passing out.

it was pretty freaky.
I deleted the facebook app off my phone and my life in general has improved significantly since then
And that's why I actually LIKE the new design. I want to watch my brother's baby doing something funny, I don't care about paparazzi photos of Kylie Jenner's dog's yoga session
It almost seems like they're just daring each other to make infomercials for common repair products.
Nope. I think it's just tacked on to my auto policy. My dad is my insurance agent, so he recommended it.
It's insured through State Farm, not Microsoft. So I'd just straight up get $2000. It's actually only like $6 a month, which is a pretty low price for the peace of mind I get while using it on-site at work and stuff
I have a 2017 Volt and I want to know what /u/TractorMan90 thinks as well
The kid's area in my church had an old bathtub full of old pillows. It was a pretty cool place to hang out
True, I just left the house with only a flannel as a jacket and it's 29 out
MEP engineering. HVAC/plumbing for the most part. It's used by MEP engineers, architects, and maybe structural engineers. You'll never use it outside those disciplines, it's very niche software.
I'm the opposite. I don't really like any chili, and I hate when someone offers me their five-time award winning gold medal chili. "well you just haven't had good chili!" I gotta choke it down and then be like "mm great I'm stuffed couldn't eat anymore"
my uncle made it a habit that when he'd come to visit every few months, he'd throw out anything expired at my grandma's house. my dad and him have a nice good-cop, bad-cop dynamic going, it's pretty great
and it sticks around too. I remember having a jacket in high school that smelled like snow even in summer.
and is extremely distracting. your brain's autofocus goes "THERE'S CRAP FLYING AT US, FOCUS ON THAT" and you're like "I know that, please focus on the car ahead of us instead"
ugh. I remember sliding through a stop sign because they refused to call off school even though you couldn't see the roads. sometimes it would be half-melted on the way home and you could see how good the community's collective guess as to the location of the road was. whoops, our tire tracks were half on the shoulder! 
oh man, yeah. I don't even button my coat until it gets into single digits.
reminds me of one of my favorite photos I've ever taken

https://i.imgur.com/WEhkxGx.jpg

I took it from a moving car, unfortunately, hence the blur and spots. But I think it lends itself to a "lost photo from 1988" vibe
you really wouldn't want to do windows down with heat blasting in an electric car. heat actually takes a ton of electricity in an EV.

I will say, though, it is very very peaceful driving around in one in the snow.
the quiet in itself is really cool. the snow dampens noise, and there's not many people out. especially if it's actively snowing, everything sounds eerily distant.
and looking at the weather, like "can... can I really get away with a tshirt today? the low is 50! THE LOW IS 50!"
oh no, I'm in Ohio and I bought a car with a black leather interior in October... although it advertised "solar absorbing glass" and it has remote start (plus the ability to roll all the windows down with the key fob) so hopefully that'll mitigate any issues
I remember every new concept in statics being like... the same exact concept. like, we'd move on to chapter 5, and I'd be like... let me guess, we're gonna sum the forces and moments in XYZ, set them to zero, and remember all the obvious things like ropes can't push, rollers can't torque, etc.

thought dynamics was gonna be the same thing except account for acceleration. well, I was TECHNICALLY right, I just... sorta underestimated how hard that last bit would be.
reminds me of a precalc class I took in high school. the first three classes were just review of algebra II (it was post-secondary, so that was like the whole first week), so I played Tetris on my calculator in the back of the class every day until the first exam. apparently after those first three classes we began learning stuff I'd never seen before in my life, and I totally bombed it. didn't help that all the homework was online and not technically due until the last day, so I waited until the last week of class to do all of it.

thankfully my study habits improved when I got to college.
holy crap, I just wrote [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskEngineers/comments/7wl35r/have_you_ever_been_screwed_around_by_a_recruiter/du1spie/), scrolled down, and saw this one. yep, that's the company.
I had a recruiter (edit: to potentially help out other job seekers, it was Aerotek) ask me for my desired HOURLY pay. I was like, uhhh, engineers don't really get paid hourly, but let me get a calculator... national median income for an entry level engineer is 60k, my area is pretty low cost of living and my grades weren't incredible so knock that down to maybe 50k, so that works out to $24 hourly rate. (which, again, hourly rate for an engineering gig?)

he tells me that I should expect more around $18-22 an hour. so around $42,000 a year. 

Like, a week later I got an offer for $50k a year, with somewhere around $1,200 a year in employer contribution to my HSA, and a whopping $26 a month for full health, vision, and dental. FROM A COMPANY ON THE SAME PARKWAY AS AEROTEK.

when I canceled the meeting with the recruiter (I was desperate and dumb when I set it up) he had the gall to ask where I was working and how much I was making. half of me wanted to tell him, because he lowballed me so much, but I just didn't even dignify it with a response.
isn't that supposedly why gloves make boxing more dangerous? because they used to do mostly body shots because face shots could break your hand, but once you're wearing gloves all bets are off
yeah, the SB2 15" is a ridiculous beast. I have no use for that much power, but I still really want it
I'm actually trying to get my boss to buy a SB2 15". we use computationally intense programs often (Revit) and don't currently have any mobile workstations that can handle it (at least not without crashing a lot). plus, our drawing sets are gigantic, so the huge tablet aspect would be really useful for inking up PDFs during field work. 

only issue is convincing the bosses to cough up the money, but I think it would be really useful for us (and impress clients when we use it in the field).
I have my SB1 insured for what I paid a little over a year ago, $2000. The SB2 15" is only $700 more than that. 

I'm not about to commit insurance fraud, but man I wish something would happen to it.
The hobbit was one of my favorite books as a kid and I read it multiple times, but I couldn't get through LOTR because it was just SO LONG. To make the movie adaptations the same length doesn't make any sense
Hm, I have a nearly identical looking GE 3-5240-C. Looks like it only fetches around 20 bucks, though.
Freshman year was definitely the worst for me GPA-wise. Left high school with a 3.98 GPA, left my first semester of college with something like a 2.75. WHOOPS
You could try multi-height countertops. It would be a more expensive installation, but it would allow people of differing heights to use their preferred workspace. I've seen photos, it can look really cool and modern. Plus, different tasks have different ideal heights - kneading dough requires you to get above it, but an espresso machine benefits from sitting higher. It could be marketed that way.
I feel so awesome cruising smoothly under electric at night listening to chill electronic music. I just need a teal and magenta cityscape flying past to complete the A E S T H E T I C
I've been thinking about one since our power went out for a few hours a while back. Now I'm just looking for an excuse to get one.
I agree with everything you said. Only things I'd add - consider the fact that Chevrolet has been making cars for decades, whereas Tesla has made four models so far. Tesla is good at the tech side of things, but as far as build quality and reliability, Chevrolet is much more established. Plus, after-purchase support - the thing has something like a 20k mile bumper to bumper warranty and a 100k mile drivetrain warranty, and you can roll up to any Chevy dealer and get service.

Speaking of rolling up to Chevy dealers - the Volt charging infrastructure is surprisingly large. Since the Volt uses a standard J1772 connector, it can use chargers for the Nissan leaf, the BMW i3, the Bolt, and any other car maker that has adopted the SAE standard. And a surprising amount of Nissan, BMW, and Chevy dealerships have chargers available to the public. 

But then, of course, you don't even really need to find charging stations, which is the nice thing. I drive out to visit my cousin sometimes in rural central PA, and I wouldn't have to worry about getting home. Juice up when you can, gas up when you have to.

And yeah, as far as performance - I had a 2010 Mazda 6 before this with 168hp, and this thing feels significantly quicker and a lot more planted, even if it does have less horsepower. The torque on those electric motors is what does it. It's not Tesla fast, but fast enough that you can put your foot down and get some giggles without getting arrested. 
You can do it! Junior year is where it starts to get way more engaging.
Another thing to note is that a lot of people's only experience with formal education is k-12 schooling. College, especially an engineering degree, is a whole different ballgame. I remember feeling like an idiot at times, because as soon as you started to understand a concept, you were done and moving on. You feel like you never know anything because they tear through material so fast. If you've never experienced that pace of learning, you might underestimate just how much information you gain in those four years. 
That's why right around sophomore year of engineering school is the worst. You're learning stuff that's getting pretty hard, but is still extremely boring. Come on kids, we're gonna solve differential equations for half an hour to figure out how hot the center of this wall is gonna get
You ever noticed how fast food kitchens always have, like, 3 things beeping constantly? What's the point of that
Yeah, I wasn't trying to say that at all. I really respect well rounded people. I was saying that an institution whose goal is education shouldn't fudge kids' test scores and gloss over it when they're not doing well and send them out into the world totally unprepared for real life just because they need them to win some championships.
I SNEEZED! OH, I'M NOT ALLOWED TO SNEEZE?
I had the opposite once. I'd been trying to imitate my mom's initials in fourth grade (no reason except that I was bored, I don't even think forging her signature ever occurred to me). Later she signed something a little wonky, and my teacher pulled up where I had been doodling my mom's signature and it was a perfect match. She had to write a note that she had in fact initialed it.
Our high school outlawed backpacks as a trip hazard, so if your locker was ridiculously far away you just had to carry four classes worth of books everywhere. Frustratingly, they did not ban purses, and female teachers would compliment girls on what was effectively a gigantic duffel bag with a floral pattern while the dudes were trying not to drop four textbooks, four folders, a planner, and a pencil case (while trying to avoid getting "book checked" by a bully whacking the books out of your hands).

Thankfully, my school didn't have rules again sharing lockers, but it was strongly discouraged. They acted like we were compete fools risking our entire future by sharing a locker because we could be held accountable for drugs in it. Like, first of all, it's my brother's locker, I'm fairly certain he's not doing drugs (and that even if he was, he'd be smart enough not to bring them to school). And second, you put my locker in X hallway in the old part of the school, and outlawed freaking backpacks, so yeah I'm sharing a locker so I don't have to carry 40 lbs of textbooks to avoid being late to class.
I got a 90 minute detention for coming up with the idea that you could put hairspray and a pop-it in an Easter egg and it would pop open when you threw it. I don't even think it would've worked. Principal compared me to the Columbine kids, though.
Our star football player was propped up so much for the sake of football that after he graduated, he couldn't get into a decent college to play for, he flunked out of a local college that's not exactly known for being difficult, and ended up doing some not great things with some not great folks and is serving a lot of time in prison for it. 

I think maybe we shouldn't tell our athletes that they're perfect golden children just because they can sports good. That doesn't really translate to the real world and the disillusionment isn't pretty.
I wasn't doing too hot a couple months ago. It felt like it would never get better. A lot of days I felt like I just had to get out of there. But eventually it did start to get better. Suffering produces endurance, and endurance produces character. Even when you feel like you're slogging through the mud to the end of the day, trying to put the thoughts of that girl away, and trying not to let that guy get to you, but it just feels like you're just failing at all three - that's endurance being built. Slowly and steadily you'll get stronger, if you keep pushing.

I don't know if that'll help, but that's what I would've told myself six months ago.
Don't we already have something for this? The humanitarian daily ration MRE?

Or is there some reason we couldn't deploy those?
My dad overuses that like crazy in Facebook messenger. My brother to the family message: "I passed my exam and I'm going to get a $1,000 raise because of it!" My dad: 👍

He loves using all the little features of his technology, so I think he likes to feel all techy when he sends it from his Apple watch. But a lot of times it comes off like a variation of "k."
hard to convince people how great it is if you word it wrong. "it's about all the screwed up stuff people used to do to try to heal each other. it's hilarious."
Futility Closet! Forgotten stories from the pages of history. learn about a lion that got lost in the Birmingham sewer system, a severed arm vomited up by an aquarium shark that launched a murder investigation, and the strange custom of hired garden hermits. They also do lateral thinking puzzles, where one host presents a strange sounding situation, and the other has to figure out what's going on asking only yes or no questions.
and a lot of things, really. binge watching youtube doesn't kill you, but if it made you stronger I'd be a bodybuilder
Every third post is an ad, half of the other posts are Facebook telling you that someone liked some other stranger's post, and the rest are a mix of political rants and vaguebooking. Even the few "good" posts are snippets from someone's cropped and edited life that make you feel inadequate, while also providing a fake sense of socialization that numbs your natural impulse for community for a while. 

I quit Facebook cold turkey last year after years of posting every day, multiple times a day. I realized it was making me more anxious and preventing me from seeking out real relationships. It was doing me far more harm than good. Shortly after quitting I had a major depressive episode. I don't think it was directly the cause, but I think Facebook was acting as a distraction from my actual issues with isolation and anxiety. I started going to counseling and I'm doing better. 

Basically what I'm saying is, Facebook is a steaming load of garbage.
Paid2poop4life
When you say send YouTube feedback, do you mean send app feedback or something? How do you do it?
[Link for those curious](https://www.google.com/search?q=lg+chocolate+bl40&prmd=sivn&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwilo9DV74zZAhUKH6wKHUyrBUsQ_AUIEigC&biw=360&bih=518)
I know this is super old, but I'm cruising the sub for the first time so bear with me. I have to know - is the interior laid out like every single Aldi in existence?
My brother's car had a CV joint go out, and you literally couldn't have a conversation or listen to the radio because it was so loud. It was like being in a helicopter.
yeah, I was confused. I actually installed a level 2 at my house, and I got a notification after a couple months that my level 1 12A charging limit at home had "expired." they really want to mitigate that liability.
I'd definitely recommend getting a hand grinder. I used a Hario Skerton at work for a while. I remember I used to grind coffee at the store when I first started getting into coffee, and I'd notice a huge difference between the last cup of the old stuff and the first cup of the new stuff. ground coffee just goes stale so fast. grinding yourself is the way to go
second monitor? you mean the post-it reminder board?
worst part is it's in Italian, and they absolutely expect you to sing it like Pavarotti.
Well congrats, you just got me to get off Reddit and get back to work.
My V10 bootlooped the morning I had to drive somewhere for work. Had to follow my boss there, then screenshot Google maps on my laptop to find my way back to the office.
My college had some kid have to go to the hospital with frostbite because they made six pledges walk like two miles through the snow with only four pairs of shoes
For future reference, you could've just said "do we have a plunger?" When you saw him
-give all the regulars a survey asking their favorite sandwich shop

-put up a sign saying "VOTED FAKEVILLE'S FAVORITE SANDWICH SHOP"

-profit
polished is a strong word
I'm currently in a job I really don't like, being recruited for one that seems really promising. I'm an ME who's really interested in electronics and programming and stuff - the nerdier side of mechanical engineering. but I wound up in an HVAC/plumbing gig.

The thing about that first job is this - I remember being terrified the first time I had to speak to someone outside of our company. I remember having no idea what to do when clients move up deadlines on you, or how to act like I belong when I do field work, or how to attend meetings and represent the company. 

the job I'm looking at now wants someone with good project management skills. regardless of how many group projects you did in college, or how many assignments you had at your internships, it doesn't compare to the endless stream of real people with real money on the line needing real things from you. Those skills are most of what you're going to learn in your first year or so after college.

so I guess I'm saying that the first job really is kind of irrelevant. if you love it, great. stay there. but most other employers will realize that someone who's looking for something else after a year is by no means locked into that industry, but they've got enough experience that they're not totally fresh out of college.
also looks really annoying to drink. I'd accidentally get chocolate sauce on my hands like ten times, and the foam is so fluffy that I'd probably get it all over my face just trying to get to the coffee at the bottom. no thanks
I demand tiny knife switches so I can feel like I'm executing my notifications with the electric chair.
April 2017 VS995. no problems with this one.

I did have another one beforehand, and the speaker blew. covered under Verizon warranty. I don't know the manufacture date, but I've never seen this issue before, so it was probably an anomaly.
those kind of chicken patties carry a certain nostalgia. a group at my college would sell them to raise money for folks in Africa or something, and they'd come deliver them to your dorm for like 50 cents a sandwich or something. they sold out so fast every year. The best was buying like six and just gorging yourself on crappy chicken sandwiches.
I honestly can't remember her name
I think the low point for my social studies education was when we were supposed to color either a donkey or elephant depending on our political affiliation. coloring. my sophomore year of high school.
"so I'm supposed to teach you about the great depression. So we're gonna watch Cinderella Man. It's a boxing movie, but it happens during the great depression, so it's relevant."

an actual thing that happened in one of my classes. Teacher was the football coach.
I feel like at least half the time, people who use hot glue are using it because they don't know what they should be using
believe me, I tried to clean the contacts so many times I was worried I was going to take the gold plating off with all the cleaning. I'm 99% sure it's the battery. I got an RMA # and it's in the mail to an ASUS service center.

It doesn't matter much anymore, though - I've been lusting after Android Pay on my watch since I heard about it. Since I was going to be without my watch for a while anyway, I used it as an excuse to buy myself a Huawei Watch 2 Classic. 
Heyyy really late to the party but looking at old threads. I tracked my sleep for the first time with the HW2 last night and didn't see heart rate on the graph. Does it sync with Huawei health or something? Do I need to do anything to make it happen?
[Well well well, what have we here?](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/disney/images/6/63/OogieBoogie.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20130128224705)
Kmart makes me irrationally sad in general. I think it's because there's one in my home town that was the closest department store, so we used to go there sometimes and it was fun to go there with Mom on shopping trips, but the older I got the more I realized it's a pretty depressing and terrible store. It's like a part of my nostalgia has gone bad and I don't like to think about it.
I only got like $40 for my bootlooped V10. That was several months ago
These are my favorite examples of why math is cool. You can find all kinds of unrelated things that act like each other, like how the voltage in an RLC circuit behaves the same as the position of a mass on a spring. Or how voltage in a resistor network behaves like the temperature through insulating materials. Math, particularly mathematical models, is like seeing the inner workings of the universe, and how so many things are really very similar.
I've never been to Germany, or even out of the US, but the one and only tip I know for traveling to Germany is to never mention the Nazis.
Another engineer here, it wasn't on the original scope of design that it WASN'T supposed to do that, but we can put that in. It'll be a value add though
This wrestling tournament took place in a Scooby Doo castle, the opposing team stole a halberd from a suit of armor and cut the rope. He would've won the tournament, too, if it wasn't for those meddling kids
Well, he's in what we call a light-to-no coma. It might be considered a very heavy nap.
Blueberry jam on one side, marmalade on the other.

Now to invent clear donuts...
The best memes are the ones that slide in under the radar, that only those in the know will realize are there
You can only point a gun at one animal at a time. Getting swarmed with 50 hawks would be a death sentence for even the best trap shooter, let alone a hunter with a rifle. 
Yeah, definitely the rats. That's almost 230 rats per land animal. 230 rats could absolutely at least incapacitate any of them by gnawing at their leg meat. How fast do you think any of those animals could kill rats? Maybe 1 per second by trampling? The horde would still have several minutes to gnaw enough to incapacitate the beast. 

I wouldn't pick the hunter, though. I'd pick the hawks and send them after the hunter. 50 is a lot of hawks, it's basically the same as the rats except much more powerful, coming from the air, and with talons and beaks. It said he was coming to get me, so I assume he's a ways off. Hawks can cover that distance a lot faster than people, and can canvas an area from the air and find where he's hiding. Plus, I assume I'm allowed to fight with all I've got, so I'll grab what guns I've got and focus on the hunter. That way we'd be on equal footing, except I've got 50 hawks.
"hm, the plug is getting really hot... maybe I should buy a real roaster..."
That's when you just pull into a parking lot and have a good think for a while.
it's probably much less supported in the UK. I'm in the US, and even places that used to be cash-only or only supported one card are now accepting it.
well, neither did my Zenwatch, which claimed the same thing. so I wasn't really optimistic.
It gets a point across. Probably not the one they meant to make, but a point.
I hate when someone tells me some bogus health thing and then is like "and I'm a nurse/a nurse told me that." Because at that point, you first have to convince them that knowing about medical treatment is different than knowing about medical research - THEN convince them that they're wrong about the original thing. and I'm too tired for that. Go ahead and claim your essential oils are gonna cure your cold, even though a week ago you told me your essential oils were preventing you from getting sick.
Well good thing we found it in time
Earlier this week I was lamenting that Google's project tango was too shortsighted, and should've been marketed to industry as a tool. I'm in commercial building systems engineering, and 3D scanning an entire mechanical room with my phone would be extremely useful. It could be useful in game design, 3D printing, other areas of engineering - heck, I found an article about a use in tracking forest growth.

But nope, Google was only interested in augmented reality, so when they figured out that they could just do AR in software, they scrapped their low cost 3D scanning phones. 

I guess it's Benevolentpotato-gets-salty-about-dead-tech week.
Looking into it more, I think this is probably what I'll go with. I hadn't considered that a watch intended to last 2 days with GPS and heart rate sensing would probably last longer with them disabled. And hey, maybe I'll find a use for those extraneous features. 
Interesting, I thought the classic was just a different body style. Thanks for the tip, I'll look into it.
Don't know if you're still looking, but I've been using a Barton silicone watch band that's really comfortable. Got it on Amazon.
Hospital stuff is just so ridiculously complicated, and there's so many agencies that can tear you a new one if you forgot to account for section xyz of health code that says you have to follow section R2-D2 of some international standard that says in the remarks under table 3B that you need redundant exhausts and a horse hitching post in this room because they handle reptile eggs or whatever. 
That's my biggest gripe with Fitbit buying them. I liked how pebble wasn't wasting space, money, and battery with fitness stuff. I didn't like when they added the heart rate tracker, and I'm absolutely not interested in a Fitbit anything. Their main focus is fitness. I'm looking for a smartwatch whose main focus is making a great smartwatch, not reminding me that I have a desk job.
    | NUTRITION FACTS   |
    | SERVING SIZE: 1   |
    | RED           YES |
    |-------------------|
    | NOT A SIGNIFICANT |
    | SOURCE OF BLUE    |
Not an architect, but MEP engineer. Had a random higher up on a clinic job, after all the user group meetings with the doctors were already over, declare that the architects were clearly idiots. Supposedly, exam rooms can't be mirrors of one another, "because doctors like to see the same thing when they walk into a room." Doesn't matter that it drastically reduces plumbing cost to put the hand sinks back to back, doctors are apparently too dumb to figure out mirrored rooms.
Standard procedure
Very carefully.

For real though, just keep trying. I've been at an underwhelming HVAC job since graduating, looking for something better. A recruiter actually reached out to me for this position, so I can't really offer much advice.

I will say this, though - it's definitely a thing to just find some job somewhere and "put in your year" there. I've been looking for something I really like for a few months now. When you're unemployed, a few months is agonizing - but when you've just got a boring job, a few months of collecting your salary is no big deal. Plus, when you've just graduated and you've got no experience, the kind of jobs you want might not want you. You've got very little business experience in the way of handling clients and coworkers, managing projects, and dealing with issues that come up. But when you're at a job, even if it's crappy, you're learning valuable business skills that apply everywhere, even if it's not the field you want to be in - and the job you really want may be more likely to hire you.

Hopefully that helped. I don't really have this figured out yet either.
I'm 6'5". I lean the seat back a bit and have my knees slightly bent, but that's the case in any car.
6'5" here! Most of my family is tall, so unless I'm taking my mom or a normal sized friend somewhere, I basically drive a coupe. Coupe with great cargo space, though.
He got rubber bands in his knee
I'm not sure exactly how much you save, since regenerative braking is also a factor, but what you described at the end is a series hybrid drivetrain. It's how range extended electric vehicles, like some makes of the BMW i3, work. These cars can get in excess of 40mpg. The first generation Chevy Volt, for the most part, worked this way too. The second gen volt will actually sometimes couple the engine directly to the wheels, because it's often more efficient than series hybrid due to losses in power generation/transmission. It can also do series-parallel hybrid, where it drives the wheels AND generates electricity for a motor that's also driving the wheels, because the Volt is a ridiculously overengineered piece of machinery.

Full disclosure, I drive a second gen Volt.
Most of mechanical engineering is intuitive (or at least derivable) models that are immediately useful. Heat transfer through a surface, how much a gas placed under pressure heats up, strain in a bar or linkage, stuff like that.

Except for the most basic stuff like Bernoulli or pressure underwater, fluid mechanics is almost totally a crapshoot. Many of the equations are just determined experimentally, with a table of coefficients for different specific situations. Can't find an equation about your specific circumstance? Better start making prototypes and buying sensors.

You think in fluid mechanics you're going to learn how to calculate the drag of a Tesla Model S, but instead you learn to calculate the pressure drop due to a sharp cornered round hole in a bucket. You've got a square hole? We don't have a square hole table. 

The thing is, real life fluid mechanics is just extremely complicated. So you end up learning really complicated ways to calculate really basic scenarios that, ultimately, you'll probably never encounter. You'd more likely just use a CFD simulation program to figure it out.

And as a cherry on top, you learn the Navier Stokes equations, which are a system of differential equations that describe the motion of any viscous fluid - except, they're usually unsolvable except by computational approximation, so apart from a few very particular circumstances, they're only used in CFD programs. Aaaand they become unstable if the flow becomes turbulent, necessitating the use of turbulence models that are - surprise - determined experimentally.

Basically, it's a field where in the real world, you'll probably just use computers and experiments. The stuff you can calculate is boring, and the cool stuff is impossible to calculate.
I'm a crazy half-breed ME who loves things he can't visualize. Currently trying to get a job that involves EE and optics! I loved heat transfer and thermo. No idea why.
usually when collision detection is in place, it's a check you do after everything is in place. it would be a nightmare for it to have real-time collision detection while you're trying to place stuff. I do a lot of work in building systems software (Revit) and it doesn't have that.

any software that works this way would be software gore in and of itself.
I was born at a very young age, briefly achieving the title of youngest in the world. I got a big head because of it. Or maybe it was just that my body was small. Either way, it was that head that got stuck in the fence.
Can't charge while I'm using it. Would need to either buy a dongle for every pair of headphones, or carry one on me at all times and probably lose it. Dongle would get snagged on stuff because my preferred headphones have a right angle connector. Dongle would probably cost almost as much as my headphones. It doesn't look clean, and it feels like a hacky workaround that comes off like the phone manufacturer is saying "you're wrong for using wired headphones. We'll accommodate you for now, but eventually you'll see how dumb you are." 

Having to buy a separate adapter, no matter how cheap or insignificant, is always going to be worse than not having to buy one. There is no advantage to having a feature taken away.
That's what I've always said. I need something to listen to podcasts at my desk. My earbuds are 8 bucks. Having to buy something that's more expensive that I have to pair and charge would be an objective downgrade. Having to use a dongle would be a downgrade. Not being able to have multiple pairs strewn about where I tend to use them because of cost (and then the hassle of charging all of them) would be a downgrade. 

Saying Bluetooth is clearly better because it's wireless is like saying a battery powered coffee pot is better. And anyone who says that I shouldn't be salty because of dongles shouldn't mind if the electrician wires their house with another country's plugs. You can just buy an adapter, what are you mad about? 
CLOUNS!
Maybe it doesn't do it if it detects your key nearby? Maybe try leaving the key inside.
[My best work, really](https://i.imgur.com/Vbft3F5.png)
I had three roommates in college and got tired of filling our little Brita pitcher every ten minutes, so I got a 2.5 gallon water dispenser. I took the filter part out of the pitcher and used epoxy putty to put a 1 gallon container into a hole in the lid, neck down, so that the water would slowly bubble out as the water level dropped in the filter part and exposed the opening. That way I didn't have to try to seal stuff up, the epoxy didn't contact drinking water, etc. I would then stick the filter part in the top of the water dispenser and let it filter. It looked really weird (one guy kept referring to it as my "still") but it worked. Eventually I bought an actual gallon size water filter.

This wasn't a good story, was it.
Similarly, "do you know anyone that works for NASA?" I'm an engineer and I wanna work there
Moonwalking. He'll think you're walking towards him so he'll back up, but you'll be getting further away
What's the worst joke you know?
OP's comment seemed to indicate they went through a door that either their badge could only open one way, or was public access one way and alarmed the other. I could see doing that for places where the only people who go in are people who can also get out, but the way it was phrased made it seem like the area had free (or less restricted) access in and restricted access out, which would be bad design.
Still though, seems like bad design to make somewhere you can wander into without a badge, but not back out (without setting off alarms).

As someone who's had to wander around hospitals with limited badge access and unlimited anxiety, that would be my worst fear.
I love Ohio and the opiate epidemic makes me so sad. I was just talking to a firefighter/EMT friend who said that so often he'll revive a guy having an overdose with narcan, the guy will get mad that he ruined his high, he'll try to convince them to get help, and a few weeks later he'll be picking up the guy's body because they were too late that time. 

Anybody know of some actually helpful Ohio charities I can give to? I just want to feel like I'm doing something.
And casserole Ohio!
I went to college in PA and one time ordered a great lakes burning River beer while we were out. I had fun explaining to my PA friends the time Ohio accidentally set a river on fire.
I went to college in PA and there was the same construction on the way there for all four freaking years
Ohio is making some casseroles, but in a way that somehow both comforts you and makes you think they're kind of interesting. Not that they're doing it ironically, but the more you watch them, the more you think, I can't tell if he's oblivious or confident about his casseroles. And I kind of like that. He's so earnest about them. 

Also, if you ask him what he thinks about Donald Trump, there's a 50/50 shot he'll either scream "MAGA!" or "COVFEFE!"
Not you, garlic naan bread
Got my PhD in finger painting in Kindergarten. 
For just $24.99 and the passage of one simple test that seems a lot like a bootleg Barbie makeover flash game, you too can have a PhD in cosmetology from the Online University of Kniwdooh!
This is when you play along and start asking them "oh wow! Where did you get your PhD in cosmetology? Hey I went there for some undergrad stuff! I took a cosmetology elective with Dr. Smelthurzmenson, he's the advisor for all the PhD candidates! You must know him really well. He must've told you the story about the one candidate he had who discovered a way to make people so beautiful it put other people in a coma, and they destroyed the thesis for the well being of humanity. What was your thesis on? I'm interested to know how you've widened the realm of cosmetology knowledge."
It went super well. One of those interviews where the recruiter says "we're looking for..." and basically describes you. I'm actually really pumped to move forward with it. 

Plus nearly a 10k salary increase with full benefits. So there's that too.
I'm currently at a job where I don't know the industry at all, and was basically expected to fly by the seat of my pants. People taught me bits and pieces, but the first formal training was over a year in, and it was only set up because the guy was tired of having to do this one thing every time and wanted other people to be able to do it. I'm smart, but not a mind reader. Consequently, I feel perpetually incompetent and slow, while simultaneously bored out of my mind, since the work doesn't really engage me that well.

Not coincidentally, I have a phone interview for a different job tonight.
I refuse to watch TV. I only do high brow activities, like watch all the illegally uploaded but somehow still up clips of Whose Line is it Anyway on YouTube
I really don't like milk chocolate. It's overwhelming. Dark chocolate takes longer to melt and the sweetness isn't so overpowering. Dark chocolate is like a chocolatier whispering sweet nothings to my tongue, whereas milk chocolate is like a toddler with Hershey's smeared all over their face screaming after getting into the candy bowl.

And white chocolate can go die in a fire and never come back. Gifting someone white chocolate truffles should be classified as an act of war.
Wat
You gotta help me doc, I've burned through three pairs of pants
I have four phone numbers memorized - my own, my parents' home phone, and both my parents' cells. Other than my own, the main purpose of memorizing them was to use the pay phone at the ice skating rink. 

I'm 23 now. I might have been one of the last ones to have to do that...
pizza rolls package says not to do more than like 12 or something. buddy as long as there's still room on the toaster oven pan I'm loading more on
I didn't get a phone until I could drive, and didn't get a smartphone until I could afford one. I feel like that was good.
I watched a video of my brother holding my nephew, and I was like... He's smaller than a good sized loaf of bread. How is a human smaller than a loaf of bread. Man I gotta go visit him soon
Can't tell you how many times I saw a professor BAFFLED because their mouse went to the bottom right in be windows 7 and their desktop showed up. Just move the mouse man
"I've got more important things to do than learn how to turn the podium on. Anyway, back to my early childhood education lecture on instilling a lifelong love of learning..."
For real though, when you're a kid, sometimes you grab a lil salty treat. Give it a lick, pretend you're a deer
I live in Ohio. Legal to buy, not legal to shoot off. Wink wink, nudge nudge. For a while there was a rule that you had to sign an affidavit saying you'd take them out of the state within 24 hours, which earned the name "the liar's law."
I think you can feel bad for the guy while also acknowledging that it's what needed to happen. Like when a father calls the cops on his son cause he's been robbing people, even though it kills him to see him go to jail. It makes me sad to see anyone have their life ruined like that, but it's still good that justice was served for snooping on people's personal files and sharing someone else's nude photos (even if it was at the chaotic neutral hands of 4chan).
Yep
"we need a normal looking hand to compare this to. Hey you, Puffy-hand Bob, wanna get your crimson mitts in this photo?"

"Well, I just cracked my fingernail open."

"Perfect!"
Derp. Obviously. Forgot about traps. As a new MEP engineer, I am ashamed
I track my sleep with it, so no. I charge it either at work or in the morning
My brother used to work for a day camp. They had one kid who was allergic to a ton of stuff, and they just filled it out on his forms like normal so the counselors were aware and left it at that. Then there was another kid who was just allergic to peanuts, and his mom MADE HIM A SIGN TO WEAR that declared he was allergic to peanuts.
Honestly, in some situations, I don't even care. One time I was at a taco Bell and ordered the spicy version of something and got the regular, and when the cashier overheard me briefly mentioned it to my brother she freaked out and insisted that she make it right. Like, really, I'll just add more hot sauce. It's taco Bell, as long as I get roughly the same amount of food as I ordered it's probably close enough. 
It is absolutely not a sandwich. This lies at the intersection of my opinions on sandwich definitions and my hatred for needlessly difficult to eat food and it gets me HOT AND BOTHERED
I know, I was thinking the whole time, if this ends before that whole driveway is clear...
Incomplegence! 
My buddy is a teacher and wanted to know if I had today off. Oh sweet summer child, half those federal holidays only count if you're the government.
I'm not surprised at all. My preschool photos look like I was held back two grades. I've always been a bigboy
Yep. I've got an Android Wear watch, and so many of the features that are supposed to be "nicer" are just clunky. A touchscreen that small is hard to use. Animations take to long. Swipes don't register. The screen dims while you're looking at it. And obviously, the battery life is a joke compared to the pebble. Everything on the pebble was snappy and straightforward, with perfect haptic feedback from physical buttons and a stripped down interface that made it lightning fast. It wasn't a smartphone crammed in a watch, it was a watch that integrated into your phone - like it should be. I always said that I liked how it was more watch than smart, and I stand by it. 
Properly sloped drains should never have standing water in them anyway. But I guess the kind of people to put a drain where it can freeze might not have put in the required 1/8" per foot drop.
Can't argue with that. 
I disabled intel turbo boost and it seemed to work fine for a while, but then it started bouncing again. and then when it came back, my wireless keyboard and mouse didn't work, and I had to restart my computer. it seemed to make the game more stable, though, so I think I'll leave it disabled. 

do you have any other suggestions? do you really think spending 2 hours in the car to go to a microsoft store will fix my problem?
I've got nougat as well and I can't go into mass storage mode. Weird. Might be an LG thing.
That's how I think about it. If it's between a Volt and a Prius, don't let your range affect the decision. After your range ends, you're still driving a hybrid in both cases.
Yeah, every car I've had does this. 
Android phones hardly ever work with more basic car stereos over USB. both my brothers have cars with USB ports, and their iPhones play just fine, but it won't recognize my phone.

The mounting option thing works, except that in newer versions of Android they removed the option to connect as a mass storage device. No idea why (security?) But it breaks the ability to play local music over USB.
It's fine man, just make sure you jump out far enough or you'll land on the parachute and fall like a rock. Better not hesitate!
Hey, all three of em could've become quadriplegics. By that metric it was a great success
Would disabling boost mode impact the gameplay? I don't want to have to neuter my computer's performance just to use the dock.

Unfortunately, the closest Microsoft store to me is nearly an hour away. I've read of a lot of people with this problem saying it persisted even with a new dock, so I don't know whether I'd want to spend 2+ hours on something that seems unlikely to help. 

Right now, when I want to play rocket league, I disconnect everything from the dock and plug it directly into the book. Everything works fine in this configuration. I'm running the audio through the 3.5mm jack (both when using the dock and my book's ports).
yes, I have. I'm using the dock right now with no issues, it's only when I play Rocket League that stuff starts bouncing
I did that and still had issues. I just got some Surface firmware updates, though, so maybe I'll try again.

Edit: tried again. Audio and USB still bounced with everything updated.
Somehow I had the complete opposite experience. I went to a really overachieving school and would beat myself up constantly for slacking off. Turns out anxiety was my biggest problem, and once I started accepting that I'm bad at paying attention during class, good at teaching myself stuff from the book, and really only motivated by impending deadlines, a lot of the pressure came off, and I slacked my way on to the Dean's list three semesters in a row. 

Others' mileage will probably vary significantly, though.
Any time my friends would start to go on about an all nighter, I'd just ask "how long have you known about this project?" They usually shut up after that. This coming from someone whose study habits were Reddit during class, homework the night before it's due. Even I knew to knock out some of the work early on big stuff so I didn't die later.
Pro tip: don't WD-40 the door. It's a water displacer, protectant, and cleaner, but it's not a good long term lubricant. Use something like 3-in-one household oil. Unless fixing a squeaky door every six months helps you keep up your inertia.
And it says right on the pack to keep them in a high place away from kids. Don't be dumb, dumb people get hurt. 

For real though, I do wonder how many kids would actually bite into a tide pod and then continue eating after tasting the detergent. Like, would a child really force feed themselves nasty soap because it *looks* like candy? Kids don't eat candy because it's pretty. I feel like the risk of a child swallowing something that immediately coats your mouth in bitter goo when you bite it probably isn't very high. Like, I get swallowing coins or a Lego head happens, but those don't immediately affront your taste buds when you chomp em
Haha I've actually been subscribed to public displays of confection for a while. That's a great idea for image candy
Can I have a link? I hadn't considered that there could be non-Microsoft docks.
If a candy company made a pod of gooey fruit candy and called it "forbidden fruit" they'd make a killing right now. Maybe also open themselves up to liability for when kids start eating more tide pods, but heck, I'd still buy it
You just wander there, with no food or water but unable to die. Your sometimes see people from a distance, but they've wandered away by the time you get there. Until somehow, you manage to find your way out, on the exact day your sentence ends.
I worked for a company that had their road's name changed to [company name] parkway (they were the only two buildings on the street). They delivered mail from the old address over a decade later, because it still showed up that way on some maps. Still had the original street sign below the new one just in case.
Surface book 1, with the i7, 16Gb RAM, Nvidia graphics (non-performance base).
Haha, I like how instead of going the usual route of using a sneaky fake phone number, they just stuck "JL" in the middle of it
I just started playing rocket league. The biggest problem is that if I quit when I'm supposed to sleep, I'm too amped up to sleep for at least half an hour. So like an hour before I go to bed I start saying "I really should quit..."

Long story short I've gotten like six hours of sleep the last three nights
Both my brothers and my sister in law quit jobs after a short time for a substantial raise at a better company. None of them regret it. The thing is, if you can get a position now that it would take three years to work for at your current place, it doesn't really matter if it hurts future job prospects - because you've basically accelerated your career by three years. if you'd stayed at your old job for three years and then switched jobs, you'd be in the same position as someone who switched jobs and then worked the new job for three years - except they've got more money.

Not to mention that hiring managers are human. They'll understand if you switch to the same job making more money, or a better job at a different company - your company isn't willing to pay you what you're worth or push you to where you could be, so you weren't loyal to them. That's what happened to my brother - he was flat out told they couldn't pay him more, but online salary databases said he should be making more. So he found a place doing the same thing that paid him what he's worth. 

Not to mention that variety of experience isn't necessarily a bad thing. Every company is different, and you learn different tools at each one. Obviously all hiring managers are different, and some might decide to reject your just because you only stayed somewhere for a year, but I think they'd be making a mistake.

Honestly, I think in the internet age, companies figure they can just post a job online and replace anybody in a week or so, so they don't have to worry about employee retention. But I think that mentality seriously underestimates the value of efficient, knowledgeable employees with years of experience. I think companies with good training, good pay, and good raises will start to come out on top, as their employees become invested in the company. And I think the offices that churn through people will struggle to operate efficiently and effectively.

That's just my thoughts though. I could be a total moron!
I get that all the time. Sometimes I'll catch a quick whiff of something that just triggers a brief intense feeling, and I can't get it back and don't know where it came from.
I remember after dissecting a fetal pig in high school, I'd smell it everywhere. Some cleaning product - fetal pig. Some chemical plant down the road - fetal pig. I remember I was on my brother's balcony when we were moving him into his new apartment and just thinking "huh, smells like fetal pig out here."
Coolant pump if the battery is liquid cooled, like the Bolt and the Tesla
They don't make much noise, though - my Chevy volt makes a fake whirring noise below 20mph so pedestrians can hear it coming.
Good thing I didn't get gold.

^^^😶
They can jump real good
I didn't spend near that either. I'm not trying to say college is bad. But there's plenty of people who would discourage going into a trade and instead recommend spending buckets of money on a vague degree that won't really help you much. College is a great choice for some people, and a bad choice for others.
I'm already an engineer. I'm glad I'm an engineer, it's really what I'm cut out for. I was just telling someone I was excited because I got to do a bunch of math today. But if I was a slightly different person, or in a different financial situation, I easily could see myself going into a trade.
Yeah, the guy blew the gloves up like a balloon before putting them on to check for airtightness, and commented that they were expiring soon and he needed to get new ones. 

He's doing a full in depth series on the gen 2 Chevy Volt, and I'm super excited for it. He spent over 2 hours on just the battery. I can't wait until he gets to the drivetrain - the gen 2 voltec drivetrain is insane (dual motor generators, a gas engine, dual planetary gear trains, multiple clutch packs...). I've tried to understand it before, but I can't find a really solid explanation that shows exactly what drives what in the planetary gear trains and what gets clutched where and all that jazz.

Sorry, I get excited about the Volt. It tickles all the parts of my engineer brain.
You know when your pay really sucks? College. Whatever you're making is better than losing 50k a year. You chose a good path. If hadn't wanted to become an engineer, I'd probably be an electrician, welder, or machinist. 

Edit: not saying that college is bad in any way, I went to college and don't regret it. It was integral to my career. I'm just saying a trade is an equally respectable career path, and often more profitable.
I'm an idiot who bought a harbor freight welder and wondered why I had a raging headache after the first time I welded. Thankfully my coworker talked some sense into me and now I have a respirator.
As my boss once said, "what good plumber hasn't gotten hit in the face with a turd before?" (I work in mechanical/plumbing engineering - this was in reference to whether it would be possible to guarantee nobody would use the fixtures while the sanitary was being reworked.)
Arduino teaches you programming and electronics in one go, plus you can make cool gizmos. Starter kits aren't super expensive. If you're really broke, presumably you have a computer thanks you used to post to Reddit, so you could teach yourself python. 
This is one of those incredible Reddit threads that I try to tell somebody about later and after explaining the whole context and all the "this guy said, and then some other guy said" they just look at me and go "heh, yeah" because you can't really explain Reddit threads
I got bitten by 240 while dialing in a furnace blower at an internship. It has a much sharper tingle than 120.

I probably don't respect electricity as much as I should.
I was watching a teardown video of my car's battery (Chevy Volt). It's a 355V battery. The guy said something along the lines of "yeah, when handling these I wear these lineman's gloves... They're actually low voltage gloves, because to a lineman that's low voltage. But in automotive... It's pretty high voltage."
Maybe a pajama leg you wear to bed. Like a plush pillow leg, just firm enough to put a lil weight on while you make your way over to your real leg. 

Somebody call shark tank. Pajama Leg™ is the next big thing.
You won't have a problem using thicker wire. Go for the 16 gauge.
Just ship some sugar packets with the soylent with explicit instructions that Canadians are to mix the sugar into the soylent to attain the proper Canadian nutrition required by law.

Edit: it's a joke, folks, I know that wouldn't work
"can you hit that light switch?"

"...No. Give me your money."

"....Please?"
Heck, I'm 23, and I recently asked my dad why, when we designed our house, did we not include at least one secret passage. I feel like when I move into my own place, I'm going to make at least one secret passage. Preferably through a bookcase in my bedroom to an inconspicuous nook in the main area of the home, with a peephole (or heck, it's 2018, a camera) to make sure nobody's there before emerging. Bonus points if I can make it span floor levels. 
As someone about to go on a ketogenic diet again after losing 60lbs the first time (and gaining about half of it back)... Heck yep. People look at me like I'm an idiot when I tell them my bacon wrapped fried cheese cubes are helping me eat fewer calories, but they don't laugh when I shrink down and feel great doing it
Thing is, it misses the whole point of grading. "Grade A beef" is not some hypothetical perfect beef that is impossible to overcook, always comes out medium rare, has a perfect spiral of marbling, and provides all of your daily nutrients. It's just the best beef there is. So if you're "grading" students, you're not rating them on a scale that ends at a hypothetically perfect person. You're rating them on a scale of best to worst at completing the coursework. That's why tests are often curved - the best student in the class is the grade A student. They're not perfect - they're just the best. That's what grade A means.
My friend dropped a modern civilization class because the professor started the first day by going on a rant about how we should return to agrarianism. My friend is an electrical engineer.

There was also a math professor at my college who would nickel and dime you minus a half or quarter point so much that you could end up with negative points - worse than if you'd written nothing at all. He once took a half point off a friend's exam for writing 4=x instead of x=4 (my friend initially just wrote "4" as his answer, but thought the professor would want him to be more specific. Apparently not.)
Ok. I'd guess power, since it only happens under load. It really sucks, what's the point of spending over 100 bucks on a dock if I can't use it when I want to do anything that stresses my computer? 
did you ever resolve this? having the same issue now.
I mean, it's a pretty awesome improvement to what would otherwise just be a standard white prius. 10/10
We got fake diplomas, but that's because they wanted to hand us the classic rolled up piece of paper for the cameras and didn't want us carrying a big diploma holder across the stage. We picked them up immediately afterward.

Reminds me of a funny story - the year after me they made a minor typo in everyone's diploma, so they sent a second one out in the mail after the fact. If I were in that class, I'd totally hang them both up and pretend I double majored.
Also, if you have a plan to evade prosecution for DUI, you clearly plan to DUI. 
People who smile at strangers are the people I aspire to be
Tired of coming across as immodest? Introducing the Tit Dickey™
I feel like that's something a lot of people miss with weight loss drugs - it's gotta go somewhere. A drug that makes you burn fat is going to increase your body temperature, that's what happens when you burn fat. A drug that gets you up and moving more is going to have to make you act like a meth addict to burn it off (and you'll probably get addicted, because it probably is an amphetamine). Drugs that block your body from absorbing fat or carbs or whatever are going to give you extremely unpleasant bowel movements unless you control your diet, in which case, what's the point? 

I don't think there will ever be a magic pill that makes you act normal, eat as much as you want, have pleasant bowel movements, and lose weight. Probably the best option is an appetite suppressant, but that will never work by itself. People don't overeat because they're hungry, they overeat because food is awesome or for comfort or because they're bored. It will always take some level of self control. 

Edit: added reasons people eat
There's a switch in the door latch that makes sure the microwave is closed, and it failed. So the microwave kept telling us to close the door when it was already closed. Unfortunately my dad messed with it and closed the latch with the door open, and there's a failsafe when you do that where it blows its own fuse. So I had to replace the switch and the fuse
hey, I made a car payment last week and fixed a circuit breaker! plus I fixed a microwave! I'm an adult, howdy howdy howdy
that's why you put dead people on money, don't have to keep changin it
yeah. I only start to realize someone is tall around 6'3", and I only realize someone is short at like 5'3" (for men - I notice tall women starting at like 5'10" and you have to be below like 5' for me to realize you're short). 
I don't try to intimidate people. I do have a boss that's as tall as me, though, and since I don't normally see people my size, even I'm intimidated by him.
I just sold my 2010 Mazda 6 to a 6'9" family friend. didn't even crank the engine, just sat in it and told me he'd get with his bank.
you make /r/tall sad
Man, now I want a sub. A sub sandwich. With bread intact. 
I thought I was true neutral, because I'd accept fries on a sandwich (as a condiment). But I don't think a hot dog is a sandwich any more than the weinermobile is a truck. Maybe you're technically right, but if you're helping me move and you pull up in the weinermobile I'll be frustrated (albeit impressed). It has specific defining features that make it unserviceable, even if it fits the core definition.
Can confirm. I have indigestion right now. The serpent inside me coils around my colon
You get more radiation, and more harmful radiation, going into the sun than having a WiFi router near you
Yep. In fact most eggs in the store are technically "imitation chicken eggs" and are really squirrel eggs. There's an FDA loophole that doesn't require them to be labeled.
I ask my watch questions sometimes, and there's people who don't know how to Google stuff. What a world
I work for an engineering firm that designs HVAC systems. we do a lot of stuff that follows fire code, like smoke detectors in ducts, fire dampers at fire walls, specifying fire ratings for ductwork, stuff like that. [this podcast](https://www.damninteresting.com/fire-and-dice/) about a casino fire in 1980 had my jaw on the floor. 
and the cherry on top is, even if you COULD make any of this work - why is it better than a smartwatch? can't use it while you're holding something, can't use it in bright sunlight, can't use it at a glance, it's bulky, and the picture would be distorted against a hand. It would be a huge feat of engineering just to have something that's still wildly impractical.
I've found mine to be useful for charging my watch, but charging my phone is always finicky.
I use chrome remote desktop a lot. type in re - chrome remote desktop comes up. rem, remo, remot - Windows remote desktop connection. remote - back to chrome remote desktop.
I got it figured out. About to edit the post. My dad suggested I check if the breaker was getting warm, and it was. I googled what this could mean, and someone mentioned the screw terminal being loose and causing heat buildup, causing the breaker to trip. I checked the voltage drop across the breaker, and on the one side it was basically negligible - but on the other side, the drop was nearly half a volt. That would cause a heat buildup of like 4 watts, which is significant in a confined space like that. I checked the screw terminals, and I'm not sure who tightened those down, but I was able to turn them like two turns before they totally bit down on the wire. Scary that they were like that there whole time. But my car is now charging happily, the voltage drop is negligible on both terminals, and the breaker is cool.

Edit: to answer your other questions, it is a dedicated circuit, and the EVSE says 16A output on the label. It's an AmazingE charger, which is manufactured by Delphi, which is the OEM of the portable charge cord that comes with the car.
"I understand the call of the pickle"

*bows while backing away*
Guns don't kill people. It's impossible to be killed by a gun. We are all invincible to bullets and it's a miracle!
I had an old car where the cable to pop the door broke. we tied some string to the door so there was a loop hanging out to pull it open. (didn't look too great, though.)
ayyy I went from a Mazda 6 to a 2017 Volt! MAZDA VOLT CREW REPRESENT
in college we had a plotter in the CAD computer lab. they always told us to put your plots on a drive and print from the lab computers so you didn't accidentally print junk to the plotter from your laptop later on. but there'd always be that one guy who didn't take their advice, and you'd be working on some CAD model and somebody halfway across campus would try to print the same powerpoint five times wondering why it "wasn't printing" and you'd have to jump up and cancel the print every time so they didn't waste all the paper. unfortunately we couldn't figure out how to find the culprit, so we couldn't publicly shame them.
I legit saw an "entry level" position requiring 10 years of experience. Buddy that's like a quarter of your working life
If I saw a book I wanted there, I'd buy it on Amazon to save myself the embarrassment.
I had a similar experience in sixth grade. in a group at church we'd made hairspray powered potato cannons, and at school, my little engineer brain got thinking about what else you might be able to do with that technology. I thought up an easter egg with hairspray and a pop-it inside, with the idea that you'd throw the whole thing and the pop-it would snap, igniting the hairspray and popping the egg open. I drew the idea, because I drew everything back then, along with an idea for a launcher made of knex. 

the student teacher came up and asked what I was drawing. I didn't know that there are words you were never supposed to say in school, so I said that it was an idea for a bomb. I thought it was a nice educational creativity thing. apparently not. I got sent to the assistant principal's office, where he grilled my crying sixth grade self for like half an hour about my intentions with my hairspray egg and what I was planning and whether I knew about columbine. when I said I didn't know about columbine, he explained columbine to sixth grade me for some reason (basically telling me he thought I was like these kids who shot up all their friends and killed themselves). of course, he told me he should call the police and have me arrested, and eventually gave me a 90-minute detention to be served in his office.

thankfully, in my case, my parents knew it was ridiculous. when he called them to tell them, my mom tried to tell him that I was just a quiet, nice kid, to which he responded "well it's always the quiet ones!" but I think that's when I started having a lot of anxiety about getting in trouble for things I don't know about. driving in cities and construction gives me a ton of anxiety, because I don't know the traffic rules and breaking them can get you in trouble with the cops. I also don't like doing things I'm unsure about, for fear that I'll do something wrong and people will get mad. I remember once in high school not wanting to buy a cookie from a bake sale because I was worried there'd be something I didn't expect, like... I don't know what. but it doesn't have to make sense to make ya anxious!

I hope you're doing better with it now.
reminds me of something I saw way back somewhere:

"I want a tank."  
"Then buy a tank."  
"I can't afford one. they are very expensive, and that doesn't even include floor mats."  
"use a credit card."  
"but then I'll have to pay it off. debt collectors will come after me."  
"what will they do? you have a tank."  
Wouldn't it be an adjective? It's an attribute of the martini.
Oh, definitely. And if I wanted to make another, I'd have a much better idea of how I'd go about it.
I did one on a mill (a cube in a cube in a cube). it was little and crappy, but I did it. I did it in a four jaw chuck on a rotary table. I used a dovetail endmill to release the inner cubes because I wanted them to be movable, but captive. I was an idiot, though, and didn't secure the inner cubes, so it became a blender and bent the middle cube and chewed up the inner cube (as well as breaking the endmill). I did my best to fix it with pliers and files, though, and I'm still proud of it, especially since it was like, my second or third actual project on my mini mill.
I got all these windshields. I love boats. I hate privacy, and my neighbors. I have far, far too much time on my hands. what to do, what to do....

...

I'VE GOT IT
OP could be in ISIS, we don't know
long durations, when you didn't sleep last night, and it's hot, and you're in a full suit. basically it's a wonder people aren't always falling over at outdoor summer weddings
seems like current style is "the 90s but ironic and sad"
Have you posted this before? Just got a case of deja vu.
FWIW, I gambled on the V20 after my V10 bootlooped, and it's been fine. I haven't heard anything about bootlooping on the subreddit. Seems they finally fixed it.

Edit: took out an extra word
I never understood when I'd go to friend's houses as a kid and their parents always just had the TV on. But then, sometimes I wander around with my laptop watching YouTube videos while I do stuff.
One time a guy came up to my family in a Denny's when I was like ten and asked if he could tell us some jokes, and the first joke he told was "what's the difference between a Jew and a canoe? A canoe tips!" so we don't go to Denny's anymore

(Also, sometimes when we have an awkward interaction with a stranger like that, afterward we'll quietly say "Jew n' a canoe, Jew n' a canoe" to each other)
Yeah I do this all the time. Unrecognized link with no explanation? You better believe I'm making sure you haven't been hacked before clicking
"You don't need my Christmas presents either, but hey, I'm a nice guy like that"
My grandpa won't use his car's remote because one of his friends' cars got broken into, and someone got them convinced that criminals can just stand by with a device to steal your remote codes and get access to your car. 

I looked up how the authentication works, and it's pretty cool - the system I looked at uses a unique pseudo-random 40-bit number generator that's synced with an identical pseudo-random number generator in your car, and it will only accept the code if it's one of the next 256 random numbers the car expects from the remote - a 2.33x10^-10 chance, or a 1 in 4.3 billion chance. (The 256 thing is to prevent the remote from getting out of sync when you press the button away from your car.) Someone managed to find a flaw, but it involves jamming the signal to the vehicle while intercepting the codes from the remote (which would probably require devices at multiple locations) and relying on the victim to hit exactly the buttons you expect - way more complex and unreliable than it's worth when you could just break the window or something, especially since all you can really do with it is steal stuff from inside the car.

Unfortunately, while that's really cool to me, it would be impossible to explain to him, so he'll probably keep unlocking his modern car with a physical key until the day he dies for fear of cybercriminals hacking into his car.
"the atlas is much easier to use!"

Ok Google.... Take me to 2456 Holiday Avenue, Maryland, Tennessee. 

"In 3/4 of a mile, turn left."

I'm a technological wizard.
My aunt and uncle kept calling it "Chipoltee's" once
My mom does this too! We talk about the food announcements. "Everyone is on their own for dinner!" Cool. "We have a bunch of leftovers - peas, bratwurst, boiled eggs, corn, half a hot dog, some beef stew or maybe it's ham, three donut holes..." 
My dad puts the emphasis on "taco" in "Taco Bell." My parents also like making store names possessive, like Panera's and Aldi's.
THEY BROUGHT BACK UNWRAPPED? that was my favorite show as a kid
The tiny text gets all jacked up on Reddit is fun and it's all different sizes and it makes me read it in the GladOS voice which isn't terrible
Everybody knows all the classical composers just made music in their spare time after getting home from work, and gave it away for free
I think I read an article or listened to a podcast about some town where it became really common to "accidentally" lose limbs for the insurance money and retire. They said the most popular configuration was to lose your left arm and right leg, that way you could still walk with a crutch.
if it's quiet, I can almost always hear some kind of "ringing" in my ears. but it never bothers me, it's just like white noise or something.
well, whatever it is, I do feel like I can "charge up" a body part, like if I wanted to punch super fast I could "charge up" my arm.

the pupils dilating is consistent with adrenaline, though, so I don't know.
I've got false memories from a time I got a bad concussion, and I know they're false memories because they're in third person. they're just what someone explained to me later, because I never made memories of the actual event. 
yeah I can just trigger it. it's like there's just something in my chest - not even a muscle, just something I command by telekinesis to make me start feeling amped up.
watch your eyes in a mirror. your pupils should dilate.
I get that, but with thinking about things happening. like, when I'm doing laundry, I'll watch the water flow into the clothes, and think about the well pump pumping water out of the ground and through the pipes and into my clothes, and the water flowing around the clothes, and dissolving the soap, and the clothes floating, and absorbing. I can get so pent up thinking about everyday things that I give myself hiccups.

I can also make it happen. watch your eyes in a mirror and do it, they should dilate. if you've got a heart rate monitor it should also increase. 

careful, though, one time I was messing around doing it for like half an hour and had serious anxiety from pent up adrenaline.
Sometimes when someone is explaining something to me I get this really pleasant relaxed tingling sensation. It's like what people would describe as ASMR, but it's not quiet noises or whispering, it's people explaining stuff. Usually simple things. I've actually watched those youtube videos from India where they make stuff like vacuums and water pumps out of bits of trash because, somehow, I get this really relaxed tingling in my head watching these people carefully demonstrate how to make these nearly useless items.
sometimes, when there's certain smells in the air (well, not just smells, but like... certain conditions? I think dry air might have something to do with it?) I have trouble talking. My brother used to have these rubber car mats in his car, and it always happened with those things off gassing. I get this involuntary impulse to do this thing in the back of my throat, sort of like the beginning of swallowing. it's like trying to resist a sneeze - I can sort of push through and keep talking, but eventually I have to stop.

 I don't know why it happens, and it's awkward when I'm somewhere talking to someone and some smell makes me start involuntarily swallowing and I just have to explain that some smells make me mute for some reason.
Good bot
I've got this problem where if I can't see the top of a girl's head I tend to find myself planning our wedding 
I never got sick until college. Back when I was learning that mitochondria was the powerhouse of the cell for the fifth time? Healthy as can be. Learning actual things I'll need for my career? You've got a cold for a week, suck it up. 
I deleted the Facebook app from my phone months ago, and recently removed Twitter from my home screen. All I've got left is Snapchat, which I don't really use much and is only people I actually know. Returning to Facebook seems about as pleasant to me now as getting my stomach pumped.
I've done something similar for things that I have to do. I had to go wander around a hospital by myself for work, going into mechanical rooms and out on roofs. I was freaking out internally, and I thought to myself "what choice do you have? Your other option is to turn around and tell your boss you didn't do your job. That's way more scary." Somehow it made me feel better to realize I didn't really have a choice - or rather, that I was making a choice, and it was the less anxiety inducing choice.
I was about to suggest L-theanine. My brother is on an antidepressant and he raves about the l-theanine caffeine combination. For me, it does seem to help curb anxiety.
Something I've been doing recently is getting back to reading books. One of my problems is letting my mind run away from me. On the internet, you can flick through comments as fast as you want. Your mind can wander during YouTube videos, you can move to a different post if you start to get bored. It adds to the frantic mindset that I get when I'm anxious.

When you read a book, though, you need to be absorbed into the book. You can't think about other things, you can't go to another thing the second you lose focus. You have to be in the moment, and have your mind totally focused on the book. It's been good practice for letting thoughts go - because when you read a book, you can't be thinking of something else.
I've always interpreted it as the emotion where something frustrating happens and you angry-laugh to try to keep from choking somebody
I think it's funny when there are vaguely racist terms for things, because you know it just came from a time when there was no easy way to find anything out about China, and nobody really knew anything about China anyway, so MAYBE that is how Christmas works there. Nobody can prove grandpa wrong, so they just go with it
Always unfortunate when someone brings a nice thoughtful gift to a white elephant exchange thinking it's a Yankee swap and leaves with a creepy baby doll and some plastic margarita glasses
They're worthless as soon as the next edition comes out anyway. "We felt the problems needed changed slightly to better reflect the material, specifically to reflect how we want to sell you the same material in a new edition every year"
My brother once asked for stuff from his wedding registry for Christmas. I didn't want to get him something he didn't ask for; but at the same time, all the stuff on the wedding registry was super boring kitchen stuff, and I like to get people stuff that's fun to open. 


So my solution was that I bought him a gravy boat from his registry. I found a photo on Facebook of him driving a boat at a family outing, and I edited a little Captain hat on him and printed it out in various sizes. I stuck it on every picture of the gravy boat on the box so that he was driving the gravy boat. Then as the kicker, I bought a cheap Captain's hat, and boxed it up so he'd open the hat first. Cue confusion, then laughter when he opened the second part. You need a Captain's hat for driving your gravy boat!

I like making gifts fun for people to open, even if the gift isn't that fun.
I'm from Northeast Ohio and I say stuff like "my car needs washed" and "does this need refrigerated?" all the time. Nobody has ever commented on it.
That's a difficult question, since the smartwatch game is a bit like the wild west at the moment in terms of what's "best". I personally have a zenwatch 3, which fits with the large round screen and good looks requirements.  battery life is ok, after disabling "ok google" I can get about 24 hours (including sleep tracking at night).

it's pretty basic, which I like, but if you're looking for a watch that has GPS/cell service/NFC/heart rate etc you'll need something else.
!
I wasn't saying you should worry about someone keying your car - I'm saying that anybody could key your car if they felt like it, but for the most part, they don't. and destroying somebody's registration sticker would be even less likely to happen, so it's REALLY something you shouldn't worry about
the current generation. unfortunately I think the Pacifica hybrid came out this year and was the first of its kind in the US, so you probably won't find much of a used market. 
if you like your current Chrysler Pacifica, they've got one out now that's a plugin hybrid. uses a similar drivetrain to my car, the Volt, and I really like it. (I would not, however, recommend the Volt for a family of tall people - you'd have to be a double amputee to sit behind me.)
huh... my current EDM phase followed the summer where I almost exclusively listened to Memphis May Fire's Challenger album. you might be on to something.
The Kingdom Hearts 1 soundtrack is like a security blanket. Put on the Traverse Town music and everything is safe. you're fine. It's Traverse Town! dooooo doo dooo dooo doo dooooo dooooo dooooooooo....
Half of my registration sticker is covered by a plate frame from my college, and I've never been pulled over for it. It would take a lot of effort to get those stickers completely off, just to inconvenience someone - they'd be much more likely to just key your car
"well I don't know what your issue is, the coffee was freshly ground when we packed it"
Oh no, pasta rings!
Counterpoint: cake
My college does a senior gift every year. When my brother went there, he voted for covered bike racks as the senior gift, but ultimately a fountain won out. I think people were thinking like, a nice ornate fountain, but what ended up getting installed was a brick octagon with some jets of water shooting out, right in the middle of a major sidewalk intersection. No standing water or anything, it just sprays out into the octagon and drains into a grate. At least they uplight it with crimson (the school color) at night. Any time anyone brings it up he just says "hey, I voted for covered bike racks." 

My class had apple trees planted and relandscaped a particularly dumpy part of campus, so I'm pretty happy with our contribution.
Or not RSVPing to keep your plans open. How many people are coming to my party? Anywhere between 2 and 40, because only six people actually RSVPd.
I went to the bathroom earlier this week, and there was pee, unflushed, in the urinal, AND on the floor, that smelled like fish. I am the youngest person that works there, but apparently when some people go to the bathroom they revert to kindergarten. I've started carrying a mini spray bottle of air freshener/disinfectant to the bathroom.
Speak for yourself
Hello-ho-ho!
I don't feel like death, it's just sinus drainage (with accompanying sore throat) and a headache. So I don't think it's the flu. Hopefully.
used to be Christian rock like Switchfoot, Relient K, and Anberlin. sometimes I'd listen to Skillet or Red when I was feeling edgy.

Now I listen to gospel rap (right now I'm digging Today We Rebel by KB), hymns (Page CXVI is super cool), some bluegrass (mostly David Crowder's new stuff, especially when he's got a guest rapper - it's cooler than you'd think), EDM (mostly Monstercat but I like going on google play radio expeditions), sometimes screamo (really just Memphis May Fire). 
not quite a documentary, [but this video is pretty good](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QbtY_Wl-hYI). I was looking for this one we watched in college, but this one tells the story pretty well.

"Now, I didn't think it was totally unethical that the NASA people questioned how we arrived at that decision, and the data we presented. What was unethical was that they knew that we had a moral obligation to always prove it was safe; and what they had just done was put the engineering people in a position to prove that it would *fail*. That's a totally different question. You're never supposed to do that."
yeah, I put a dryer plug in with my dad to install a level 2 car charger. we took a photo of the panel to the hardware store and told the guy what plug type we needed and what current the car charger would draw (16A). He gave us the plug, a length of 4-conductor 12-gage wire, a 20A 240 breaker, and all the junction boxes/strain reliefs we needed. took like, an hour to install (although it was made way easier by the fact that the garage is directly through the wall from the panel). hardest part was getting the dang breaker into the box - it was really hard to get it to click into place.
Well shoot. I just started feeling sick this morning. Merry Christmas to me.
I want this for the office so when I get a frustrating email from a client I can dramatically throw myself to the floor with a huge "UUUUUGGGHHHH" before coming back up to deal with it
You just reminded me, I've got the PSP version on an emulator on my phone. It used to not really work, but it appears they've fixed some stuff or maybe it's just my new V20 but it runs really well now! (Well, some scenery flickers, but it's definitely playable!) Running PPSSPP
This is a GUN! it ain't my HAND, in case you were WONDERING!
I gotchu
HVAC engineering still uses imperial exclusively. I think a lot of it is because engineers and contractors (and, expanding to other engineering fields, machinists) gain their intuitive sense with imperial, and learning metric would screw it up. they know roughly how many CFMs a 4 ton unit should put out, and roughly how many square feet that would serve. but a 14kW unit? first off, what do you mean by 14kW? "tons" is always cooling, but 14kW could be power draw, heating capacity, or cooling capacity (we use different units for all three - which makes calculations hard, but communication easy. tons is cooling, mbh is heating, watts is power draw, horsepower is motor power). and no engineer or contractor in the US is going to be able to tell you roughly how many liters/second a 14kW unit should put out, or how many square meters it serves. and since switching over would be a headache for the whole industry, the new guys (like myself) learn it all in imperial and get locked in to the system, just like our bosses were.

in science, it doesn't matter as much what units you're using - if what you're doing is cutting-edge, there's no such thing as ballpark calculations, and you don't have to communicate with trades where all the machinery and talent is hard-wired for imperial. so it's a lot easier to come in one day and switch out all the graduated cylinders to mL. but if an engineer specified a 14kW unit, the manufacturer, client, and contractor would all look at you like you had three heads, becaue nobody has any frame of reference for what that means. 

another big issue is the machinery. a single milling machine can be tens of thousands of dollars. if you've got a big shop with millions of dollars of equipment that's all designed for imperial, you can't just say "hey, we're switching to metric now." same thing with manufacturing lines designed to create cooling coils in half ton increments and heat modules in 50mbh increments - that's an entire production line that needs reworked, just to make the calculations a little easier for the engineers.
don't get into HVAC engineering, then. you've got a unit with 4 tons of cooling and 600,000 BTU/h of heating, and you tell the electrical guys the horsepower of the motor so they can calculate the wattage of the unit.

use ALL the units of power!

not to mention using CFMs for airflow, inches of water column for pressure, lb/hr flow rates of heating/cooling water, gal/min for flow rate of domestic water, btu/lb for enthalpy, and fahrenheit for everything. exclusively. we never use metric, and it sucks.
my old car could do cruise control at 18mph and up, but my new one can only cruise at 25 and up. there's a school zone that I used to drive through to get to work, and I actually changed my route because trying to keep my car at 20mph keeps my eyes off the road and distracts me. 
banaenaed*
Yeah, i was kinda bummed because I did the calculation in my head and wanted to see if I was right.

Didn't matter anyway, though, i misread the question and thought it said minutes instead of seconds.
I remember wondering if I would ever actually become an adult, or if maybe time wasn't real and I'd always been and always would be a kid. 
After a week of living somewhere, it feels like you've lived there for months. Until you make a wrong turn on the way to the grocery store, then it feels like you've only been there an hour.
You just do clam stuff all day mostly
There's ol' slippery bones, he's got the slipperiest bones in the West
I came across this image after I ran a four wheeler through a barbed wire fence and it scared the crap out of me. Thankfully i called the doctor and I'm up on my shots until 2020.
Wrote a hot and heavy romance novel under a pseudonym about a teacher having a relationship with a former student
We all left at the same time. I didn't realize what was happening before it was too late
I sometimes use GPS even if I know how to get somewhere. It's saved my butt - once I was the only man in the wedding party to make it to the rehearsal because everyone else just went the way they knew and ended up stuck in bumper to bumper traffic from newly started construction. I knew my GPS was taking me a weird way, as I'd made that drive before, but I trusted it - it took me on a state route right next to the construction, bypassing all of it.
Huh... I always hold the button for voice stuff anyway. Good to know!
Looks like something from Chris Simpsons artist (/r/chrissimpsonsartist)
Similar to how the Tron sequel is best enjoyed as a really awesome Daft Punk music video
I can't tell if I'd enjoy Disney World or not. On the one hand, I know I'd be compulsively looking behind the curtain the whole time - I'm not good at willful suspension of disbelief. But on the other hand, there's a lot of really cool tech they use to make that stuff happen, and it could be interesting to see. Plus, I've heard there's Easter eggs, like stuff that only happens at certain times and stuff, and I'm all about Easter eggs 
You can get a sweater on Amazon that has a t-rex in a Santa hat shooting lightning out his mouth in a flaming vaporwave landscape with "Merry Christmas" in a rad 90s font. That could have a shot at winning 
I remember my coworker talk about a guy at his previous job that would watch twitch streamers on his phone. He didn't understand why someone would ever want to watch a stranger play video games on the internet. 

He then went on to talk about sports, where you watch strangers play games on TV.
ARE YOU THE NIGHT LITTLE GUY? ARE YOU THE NIGHT? OF COURSE YOU ARE LITTLE BUDDY
I can't stand when I go to pass someone and they speed up, locking me in their blind spot. I'VE HAD MY CRUISE ON FOR MILES, I'VE BEEN COMING UP ON YOU FOR THREE MINUTES
for some reason Ohio drivers are like a bunch of old people. doing stupid stuff, but slowly enough that nobody hits them because of it.

I typically drive swiftly and correctly, which means I experience a lot of road rage.
> Even nice drivers who let me cross the street... I’m like.. “Thanks? You have the right of way and are holding up traffic on a green light. Thanks, I guess...moron.”

I can't STAND when people suddenly give up the right of way for no reason. I had someone stop on a two lane road when I was trying to turn left and wave me on. you're trying to be nice, but you're just making yourself an obstruction to other drivers. we have traffic rules for a reason, and they only work if you follow them.
so it's like the difference between people running in a cross country meet, and people trying to get into Walmart on black Friday. the first group is aggressive, but knows what they're doing; the second group is aggressive, has NO idea what they're doing, and GET OUT OF MY WAY THAT TV IS MINE MY HUSBAND IS A LAWYER
I "know python", i.e. I know what to Google if I want to script something in Python.

(But I'm a mechanical engineer, so even that is witchcraft to most people I interact with)
That sounds like a great way to have a smoldering match burn your house down
Is turnkey a buzzword? I don't use it much, I just assumed it was an actual word that meant no setup required, ready to deploy. Only time I've come across it was working with systems integrators to build a test setup, we wanted a "turnkey" test fixture. 
I have German ancestors, and I'm an engineer, and I feel such a sense of pride when I go there. So efficient! So minimal! You want free bags? Free background music? Brand names? A BAGGER?! Do you think you're at a resort? 

I had the cashier apologize to me last night because she was back stocking shelves when I went to check out. Like, no problem, I'd rather wait 30 seconds for you to come back than pay for three minimum wage employees to meander around and do your job half as fast. It was probably still faster to wait for an Aldi employee to come to the front than to wait on a typical grocery store cashier to scan at half the speed, double scan something by accident, wait for a manager to come clear it, slowly bag my stuff in the world's thinnest bags, crush my bread under a 2-liter...

Basically I love Aldi.
I got a promotional razor from Gillette when I turned 18 for my birthday. I have a beard, and only use it to trim the edges. I'm still using that last blade, and I'm 23 now.
I once had a quality control issue from Aldi's Ben and Jerry's knockoff (my brookie dough had no brownie or cookie chunks) and I reported it (can't fix QC issues if you don't know about em). I got a personal call from the plant manager at the company that makes it apologizing, which was wild, along with a check for a refund. I looked up the company, and they make ice cream for a ton of different brands. They just can't say which because of non disclosure agreements. 
Do they smell as much as Yankee? My mom is obsessed with Yankee candle, but she won't even get the cheaper "American home" Yankee candles because, ironically, our American home has a big open two story living room and only the full strength Yankee candles put off enough scent to be noticeable in a space that big.
I was watching those videos where they drop anvils on stuff from a 40 foot tower, and while it's not a trick shot per se, it was pretty crazy to think that if they don't nail their target, they have to walk down four flights of stairs, pick up an anvil, and carry it back up four flights of steps. 
I think this is more /r/diWHY territory
who needs a liftgate on their truck when the whole truck is a liftgate
so the beam is held up by a force on the right end, and the truss on the other end? and people thought the truss was being pulled up somehow?
[posted this a while back.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Surface/comments/6m1p4w/i_am_extremely_satisfied_with_my_surface_book/) but the thing is, even I've posted more negative stuff. like I asked if anyone had a fix for the pen not working after the creator's update, and posted griping about how my pen died and MS had to send me a new one. I'm just not going to come on here and go "I'm still happily using my Surface and not having any new problems." posting it once is weird enough.
sparkies, we called em. but I like zappybois better
I'm gonna need a picture. is it like  

    distributed load
    |  |  |  |  |
    V  V  V  V  V
      ___________ beam
         \      |
           \    |
     support \  | wall
               \|
                |
and people thought that somehow the top beam would be pulling UP on the support below the beam?

^^\(I ^^hope ^^so, ^^this ^^picture ^^was ^^a ^^lot ^^harder ^^to ^^make ^^than ^^I ^^initially ^^anticipated)
Merry Christmas and Mr Creamy Shirts are spelled with the same letters.

Think about it.
It was my first time buying a car too! The parking sensors are nice, but I've found the automatic parking to be not great. One time it just backed straight towards a car and I had to stop it, the other time I wasn't really centered. And the thing is, with the backup camera, it's really easy easy to back into spots anyway. It might be better for parallel parking, though, which I've never actually done in any car. 

Lane keep is pretty cool, but you can't really take your hands off the wheel or you'll be bouncing from line to line. It's definitely more of a safety feature than anything.

Biggest thing for me with this snowstorm has been remote start (or "precondition," since you're not really starting anything). No more scraping! 
Miracle whip is Satan's diaper cream and if I find it on my sandwich it'll be a miracle if I can finish it
Someday I want to make a computer controlled garden that can simulate any weather. Sprinklers for rain fall; heating, cooling, and humidification for climate; grow lights for solar. Figure out the best crop year in history for whatever you're trying to grow, scrape the data for that year and location from weather underground, and load it in. Grow bananas in one cell, oranges in the next, wasabi in the next... People would probably think I'm growing pot, but I'd be so excited about it I'd be glad to give the cops a tour.
To be fair, a pound of wasabi would be a ridiculous amount of wasabi
AYYYY hooray! 

Also, sorry that your first experience driving it as the owner is in this snowstorm. It's pretty fun to drive when the roads are clear. Although I've found it handles pretty well in snow - it's obviously not AWD or anything, but with the weight distribution being 60/40 front/back, you don't lose control if you start sliding in a turn. In my old front engine car, your nose would pull out of the turn and start you spinning - in this car, you just slide sideways a bit.
Yeah. Cannabis is only a gateway drug in that it's a gateway to the illegal. You're an alcoholic? You're addicted to cigarettes? You've just got some vices. But you smoke pot? Now you "do drugs." 

Putting cannabis on the same level as heroin and meth is like the boy who cried wolf. If you tell a kid that cannabis is just as bad as heroin, and they find out that cannabis isn't really that bad, are they going to believe you about heroin?

We shouldn't make it illegal because it's a gateway drug - it's only a gateway drug BECAUSE it's illegal.
We do that in Ohio. Sometimes you'll see three cars pull way into the intersection and all turn after opposing traffic stops. 
Similarly, most highway signs are big enough to be a garage door for a semi truck. 
We losted him for a while there
That's just friction welding at this point
Or a band name.
I used to go to this really sketchy diner that was open 24 hours that had the "He-Man Platter." If I remember, it was a serving platter that you'd normally carry plates out on, with a mound of hashbrowns, three eggs, your choice of french toast or pancakes, your choice of sausage or bacon, and two biscuits with sausage gravy. If you finished it you could buy the shirt. America.
I was under the impression that a Pittsburgh left was gunning it when the light turns green before opposing traffic has time to get going. Is that not correct?
I was just talking about this with my dad - I live in Ohio, and I don't know of anybody that uses snow tires. He says he doesn't really know of anyone that does either. He says people used to, but for some reason everyone uses all season tires now. We just take it easy braking and around turns until the plows and salt trucks fix it up. Maybe that's just my area, though.
I live up here in Ohio. I was just telling my coworker, I still get that gut feeling that I want it to dump snow. But then I remember that I'm an adult with a job, and unless I physically can't get out of my house, I'm going to have to drive in it.
It just occurred to me, there's probably a lot of people who view antilock brakes and traction control the same way they view airbags or seatbelts - emergency safety features.

 Meanwhile, up here in the north, that little low traction indicator on the dash is just another twinkling light adding to the Christmas cheer!
There's an old guy at work who's diabetic. I've gone to use the urinal to find the floor sticky. I don't like to think about it.
I've always thought it was"hey! Vsauce - Michael here." As in "hello! Welcome to Vsauce. I am Michael."
if you get in an accident, the healing power is directed exactly where it's needed most
I recently overheard my coworkers talking about how people who buy cars are idiots and they should just lease. A bunch of people in this office lease new car after new car. 

I wonder if he realizes those "idiots" won't be making car payments until the day they die.
ooh, they sound edgy. I should visit.
I was friends with some girl my freshman year of college, and then she dropped out. years later she contacted me to ask how I was doing. I went to her profile and she was doing some MLM thing, trying to recruit people. so I casually mentioned I had a nice engineering internship lined up for that summer. she said like one or two more things and ended the conversation after that. 
HDMI is a digital protocol. either it works, or it doesn't. And if your computer is putting out 1440x1080 at 60Hz, no cable is going to increase that resolution or framerate. It would be like saying you're getting a $50 ethernet cable so that the internet looks crisper. 

granted, you could have a cable that's so bad that it's dropping frames due to corrupted data. but the cable would have to be EXTREMELY bad for that to happen, or you'd have to be in the middle of an electrical storm.
my coworker was just bragging about his HDMI cable to another coworker. He's also got a 4k TV that I'm 100% sure has only ever displayed 4k demo content. 
*Nicolas Cage voice* could it really be that simple?
I have it set up so I get a text when transactions go through. dismissing texts on my smartwatch every time I pay for something is a small price to pay (no pun intended) to be able to know immediately if someone charges something.
Gap insurance (for most people). My dad is an insurance agent and sees people all the time who put 10k down on a car and get talked into gap insurance by the dealer. Bruh, if your loan's up in five years, and you put down 10k on a 25k car.... Your car's not gonna depreciate to 15k immediately. It probably won't within five years, either, at which point you won't owe hardly anything on the loan anyway. Besides, it only matters if you total your car, and it'll only help you out by maybe a couple thousand. So just take the money you would've spent on gap insurance, save it in case of emergency, and try not to total your car. 
Both my brothers and my sister law all recently quit their jobs because they were offered a better job with a way better salary - my brother got a nearly 30% raise.

Then during exit interviews, it's always "well if you had just talked to us about your concerns..." Would you really have given me a 30% raise? Doubtful.
Can confirm, almost went on somebody's boat but I had a thing. Still haven't gone. Am suburban
I drove a minivan in high school. It would've been awesome for hauling around six friends if I'd had six friends to haul around
Who exactly enforces an HOA? I've never lived with one, so I don't really get it. If you left a car in your front yard and kept ignoring the HOA, would you eventually be arrested or something?
There's somebody who shares my first and last name who's a total bro with all his social media set to public. Sometimes I worry that employers Google me and think I'm him.
There's some stupid feature on my desk at work that's supposed to be an area you can move to put your keyboard at a lower height (like I'd ever need that). What it really does is put two huge brackets on the bottom of the desk that stab you in the kneecap when you roll into it by accident. It also randomly collapses if you put too much weight on it, like when you're leaning on the desk. It's real great
I'm gonna guess he got kicked out, not because he was wearing fake Gucci, but because he was being a tool and disturbing the actual Gucci customers 
You ever think about competing?
Interesting that it started at Cleveland State - I live right near Cleveland and I've never met anyone with an iron ring. 
I quit Facebook when I had a problem. The thing that got me to do it was a survey from Facebook that made me realize that I was coming back to Facebook in search of a feeling of socialization and leaving empty handed every time. I realized what I wanted wasn't there.

It's not here either, but I don't feel as much compulsion here. I should probably reevaluate that, though, because there's a lot of things I want to be doing instead of the internet, and yet, here I am.
Did the same with a premier with every upgrade but adaptive cruise, listed for $29,900. Listed as "dealer demo, used but never titled." 57 miles on it. I made them confirm multiple times it still had the MSO and had truly never been titled. I left work early the same day to look at it, got the financing together the next day, and drove it home the day after. I would've driven it home the second day, except I had to be somewhere that night.
I was going to post this exact XKCD.
I just bought a Chevy Volt, and heated seats were technically an option. but every single "base model" I saw either online or with a dealer had them included - you'd have to special order one to *not* get them. (although in an EV they're actually more functional, because electric heat kills range - so it's more efficient to turn down the air temperature and use the seat heater.)
that would be a good sub name for terrible shoes
Mission accomplished
I was 7 when my grandpa died. My mom said I was totally fine during the whole funeral and didn't seem bothered, and then a year later I suddenly started crying that grandpa was dead. 
this reminds me of the time my mom had to take her computer to the Apple store. it had been having problems with not booting properly for months, and finally it just wouldn't turn on one day. COINCIDENTALLY, someone spilled some coffee that touched the bottom of the computer a couple days before - but it didn't reach any ports, it only touched the exterior of the computer. we took it apart to make sure, and no coffee reached the inside.

so my dad figured it was understood that we just wouldn't mention the coffee, but my mom wasn't aware that water damage is a whole different ballgame in terms of warranty. so my dad was telling the guy at the genius bar about what happened, and he's about to go back and check the computer in when my mom pipes up "well it might have something to do with the coffee we spilled on it." me and my dad both just had this "welp" feeling and bit our tongues.

thankfully the guy was cool about it and didn't log it, apple found no signs of water damage, and it was fixed under warranty. but we thought all was lost for a second.
I do, especially a smartwatch. gotta fiddle with it
I don't know about other people, but one of the big problems with personality tests for me is that I don't know which "me" to reference when I answer. there's the ideal me, the person I want to be that I work towards; and there's the base me, the me that I would be if I followed my impulses. then there's the actual me, which varies between the two depending on the day. so in these tests, they ask things like "true or false: I would enjoy going to a swing dancing club." and my dilemma is, I know I enjoy swing dancing, and want to do it more - but I have significant social anxiety, and I have gone to a swing dancing club and had to leave because my anxiety got too bad. but I'm going to counseling for anxiety, and I'd hope to be able to do that some day. so how do I answer that? on one level, I'd enjoy it - if I could relax and cut loose. but I often can't. there's a lot of areas where I'm like that, so these tests are really just a crap shoot.
I do, especially a smartwatch. gotta fiddle with it
I mean, it made me hungry. so there's that. granted, I was already hungry, this just made me aware.
mine started working normally after some windows updates. I have a book, though
I make random little scripts in AutoHotkey all the time for random things all the time. a lot of time it's for Revit stuff that's really cumbersome and has no good way to do it (like nearly everything in Revit). I have one for AutoCad that resets my snap settings to my preference when they get messed up that I use all the time.
Bad bot
Bad bot
Yeah those tonsils are a total loss
Understandable, have a nice day
I just found this sub and I wanted to say I appreciate this comment and I'm sad nobody else upvoted it
I mean... if you take yellow paint, and add yellow paint to it, it doesn't change it. but that doesn't mean it's not yellow.
well of course there's not a plane route that goes around the entire world - why would you buy a plane ticket back to the same airport you departed from?
you could interpret 0.9999999... as the limit of x as x approaches 1. that by itself would equal 1, but then 1/(x-1) would approach infinity rather than being undefined.

but that's just being pedantic.
That was entertaining, but I'm somehow angry that there's someone out there who thinks that you can just decide a week is eight days because you don't count the first day. I was baffled when he listed out four weeks and the fourth week started on a Friday.
somebody gamed a coke machine to steal me a free drink. it was in church. I felt bad for a long time.
I have this too! I was going to post about it but I forgot.

edit: there's a thing about it in the feedback hub. I upvoted it.
if the main problem is anxiety and jitteriness, L-theanine takes the edge off. it's actually been shown to increase cognitive function in combination with caffeine. I use it to prevent anxiety when drinking lots of coffee at work. Rutaesomn was mentioned below, that's the only thing I know of that actually works it out of your system (and even that doesn't work that fast). it seems like you want an immediate solution, though, and apart from those things... maybe drink water? not much you can do.

withdrawals aren't that bad, just a headache and tiredness. I don't even know if you'll get them with just a few days. if you do, a little bit of caffeine fixes it, and you can just taper off slowly. it's not like nicotine or anything. 
we just digitized all our family videos using a VCR and an RCA to USB dongle. chucked it on a couple hard drives and my onedrive. nice to have it digital, we'll never have to worry about formats becoming unplayable - my grandpa has old videos on old film reels and all the methods of digitizing them are really expensive.

Edit: I misremembered the type of film
it might just be bad lighting design. were there lights in the corners of the room? maybe the architect put a bumpout there, the electrical engineer put a light there, and the contractor was feeling salty that day.
I wiiiiill remeeember youuuuuuu
at my brother's wedding, the father of the bride held the mic somewhere around his waistline. the DJ had to crank him for any sound to come out at all. then he handed the mic to my other brother for the best man speech. the beginning of his speech was a very loud movie reference that made sense in context, and he said it full volume into the mic and it boomed through the room and scared the crap out of everyone. it was great
Gen 2s don't have that button. I'm sad that I can't give a little volt salute
Not all colleges. I went to a small private college and internships were your own responsibility. 
I'm in the exact same boat! I had the Christmas blend last year and it's awesome. I'm really tired of light roast but I have to get through this bag...
My Volt threw a code the first time it got cold. Went away by itself and hasn't happened since. The cruise control refused to work once too, and that hasn't happened again either. I think it was just getting broken in.
I have a gen 2, so I can't really answer many of these questions, but I will say this: if you were going to get a Prius, even if you do end up using gas more often than you'd like, you'll probably still be doing better than a Prius. A Prius uses gas every time. You'd have to do a significant portion of your driving on gas before a Prius would come out ahead.
Huehuehuehue
I don't put too much stock in a test on mice. It's just another mammal. Chocolate kills dogs. Cats can't process carbs. Cows can live off grass. I know mice are more similar to humans than those animals, but they're still different
Have you ever noticed that he'll tell you what he's doing, have you watch him doing it, and explain the whole thing, and then say "update guys, so we just cut three holes..." Like, that's not an update. I'm not being updated. I just watched you do it. Do you know what update means?

I can't stop noticing it when I watch his videos.
I'm an HVAC engineer, but for buildings. I've wondered about the HVAC in my car a lot. Do you know of any resources? In particular, I drive a Chevy Volt, and I know they have all kinds of efficiency shenanigans going on. I mostly wonder about outside air and dehumidification. I also wonder about heat pumps in electric cars, and maybe enthalpy wheels or heat exchangers for when you want to pull in outside air. Mostly I think about this in terms of EVs, since heat isn't free in an EV.

Basically I wonder a lot
My dad always bought one with each new car. That is, until the internet took off
Had to do that for the headlights on my Mazda 6
Yeah, I knew it was going to snow here in Ohio yesterday because I saw the brine stripes going down the road.
It's true though. I'm from Ohio. My mom went down south to take care of my cousins for a few days, and there was a *possibility* of snow and school was called off. It didn't even stick. She went to get groceries and the few people on the road were crawling along terrified.

Like, I get that southern cities don't own snow plows and salt trucks, but I distinctly remember driving to school before they even plowed, and just hoping I was on the road as I drove across a field of white. We just don't care. Don't try to stop fast, don't try to turn fast. That's about it
Would've been the perfect opportunity to just reply "despair* FTFY"
I'll sometimes tell people who are talking and eating "don't talk with your mouth open." Takes em a second
specifically, [Donald J. Trump told us to eat it that way](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvp-XMqnh-g)
I get the worst parts over with first all the time. One time I bought two cases of off-brand energy drinks, and one was this terrible mojito flavor - I drank all the mojito ones before moving to the others. I didn't want to drink the good ones knowing I'd eventually only have gross ones left, I wanted to drink the gross ones looking forward to the good ones
what are your thoughts on a student saying "I saw Brandon on the playground," and having a teacher correct them, saying "no, you SEEN Brandon." My cousin is a teacher in rural PA and witnessed this, and the other teacher did not believe her when she told her the student was correct.
Why are the apes the authority on bananas? I bet humans eat way more bananas than apes. Next thing you know somebody's going to come in here and say "when I have an argument with someone, I throw my poo and try to kill them" and someone will say "no, that's the right way, it's what apes do." Well I won't stand for it. I'm going to continue biting directly into the side of the banana peel and all, I don't care what apes do.
We had a bagpipe player come in for a version of Amazing Grace at our church, and he basically told us that there's a good chance that the room will be too humid or dry or cold or hot and his bagpipes will be out of tune and there's nothing he can really do about it. thankfully it all went according to plan but man - an instrument that can only be tuned by the weather. who thought that was a good idea?

(granted, it did add fantastically to the piece. so there's that.)
The render distances weren't great back then
Wait until you hear about the fireplace
I have an odd desire to memorize this and just monologue sometime
It would be cool to see certain sports with any advantages allowed. Imagine a football game, but one side is jacked beyond belief and has drones using computer vision to direct their movements, and the other side is using exoskeletons that can throw a ball to within an inch of another exoskeleton. The arms race would be insane.

People would probably die tho so maybe not
I've described it as adult baby formula
Lives up to its name at least
It could just be driven by getting run over and dragged along the road

Edit: after looking at the gif again, I'm almost positive they just turn by the chains hitting the spinning wheel
Globe was smaller back then
It's like this guy's never had soup in a bread bowl
I think I have an angle grinder like that laying around. I also have a good scar on my finger because it didn't come with a guard. maybe it's a bad idea to buy angle grinders from sketchy discount grocery stores.
Ugh. I got a trivial pursuit card that said "true or false: scientists have sequenced the genome of the wooly mammoth." I said true, because I 100% remembered reading that it happened. Welp, the card said false. We were playing in a cellular dead zone, so I couldn't pull up the story to prove myself right. So they went with what the card said. 

I looked at the box, and it said copyright 2001. I googled it later, swedish scientists finished the genome in 2015. I was pretty mad.

why would you put a goal that's being pursued but hasn't been completed on a printed game card? Eventually we'll manage it. That's like saying "true or false, no production car has reached 300mph." They're probably going to eventually! 
He's a weird bird in a lot of respects. Really socially unaware. 

I mentioned it to my mom some time later and she was cool about it. That's one thing that I was blown away to see - she's had severe depression and anxiety in her life, and has worked hard through medication and counseling to be able to understand and control her emotions. Not that she didn't cry, or could just shut off the grief - but she explained to me later that when she cried on the coffin, she just realized it was something she needed to do. And when she knew she was able, she pulled herself up and kept moving. The way she held herself during that whole ordeal was amazing.

Not to mention my dad. My dad married her before her depression really kicked in, which was when she was hospitalized after she had me. She had gotten postpartum depression after both my brothers, but after me it didn't go away. He stuck with her, and learned her nuances, and learned about panic attacks, generalized anxiety disorder, and depression. I'd always been impressed by how my dad handled my mom sometimes, but I'll always remember the funeral home when she was crying on a couch. I saw my dad off to the side, watching her and giving her space, almost like he was waiting for his cue. And then somehow, he got his cue, and he walked over right as she needed him. I don't know how he did it. Years of practice, I guess.

I hope to marry someone as strong as my mom, and I hope to be as good to her as my dad.
I saw a photograph of weed once on my friend's phone in high school. I've been running from the cops since
One time I was sitting in my basement with my brother, and we heard a metallic screeching and then a deep crash. We looked out the window and saw the house across the street was on fire. It was vacant at the time, so I immediately assumed gas leak (not thinking that they'd have shut off the gas to the house by then). So I ran upstairs and told my dad that the house across the street exploded, which he understandably didn't believe at first, but he looked out and we called 911. A ton of fire trucks and police cars showed up, because it turns out it wasn't a gas leak - the local air traffic control had lost contact with a small plane whose wings had iced over, and the plane had flown right over our house and crashed into the front yard across the street. It had splashed flaming fuel all over the house. Fortunately, it was just the pilot in the plane at the time, but unfortunately, he died on impact. 

Epilogue: we had a Christmas party half an hour later. People were already on their way, and it was too late to cancel. So we just awkwardly had a Christmas party while emergency services collected remains and performed an investigation across the street. 
When my grandma died, there was a point where my mom just sat down and cried onto the coffin at the cemetery. Some extended family member was loudly complaining about people not moving their cars so they could leave, and I wanted to punch him in the mouth.
I used to work for a company that had an old smoking aquarium in the lunchroom. The vents and ceiling tiles were horribly discolored. Ironically, by the time I worked there, you had to sign an statement saying you didn't smoke and pass a nicotine test for health insurance reasons.
I always upvote 👉😎👉 zoop
You've got a point about the schedule. I actually always somehow magically woke up right before when I was supposed to go to the front, so I was never dead asleep. I can see why she did that if bus drivers are held to such strict schedules.

Regarding staying awake, though - I've been addicted to caffeine since early middle school. There was a point in high school where I was having eight shots of espresso a day (before anyone asks - my parents didn't give it to me, I bought a crappy machine and grinder off eBay and bought my own beans. Budding coffee snob). I still don't understand why we make kids get up that early for school. I guess it's to make time for sports, but all the science seems to say that that's the most important time in your life to get good morning sleep. But we just totally ignore that and make ten year olds get up two hours before their parents.

So apologies to my bus driver if I ever screwed up your schedule due to falling asleep on the way home; but in my defense, fourteen year old benevolentpotato had to have an afternoon espresso to do his homework. It wasn't a great situation for either of us.
FWIW I was falling asleep on the way home. Only accident I got in driving to school once I got my car was a pregnant music teacher rear ending me at a stoplight
This is filed under comedy on YouTube. I don't think that's right, but then, I suppose YouTube doesn't have a "disgusting fascination" section.
Good bot
You just reminded me of the kid who sat behind me who would keep shouting "DROBLUNTS" to let everyone know that not only did he smoke weed, he knew AT LEAST ONE THING about the weed he smoked. 

And you couldn't just block it out with music, because the bus driver wanted us to only use one earbud so she could get our attention. This is because she had a system for when we were supposed to come to the front of the bus that probably shaved a whopping two minutes off the whole bus ride. She'd yell at you for "having those ipods in your ears" if she couldn't get your attention - even if you were actually just asleep, because you had to leave home that morning before your parents woke up to catch the bus, just so you could ride it in circles for 45 minutes while some kid screams about his weed.

Yeah I was pretty pumped to get a car.
I test drove my brother's boss's Volt and got his take before I bought mine. He told me he was able to get a recliner in the back, he just had to recline it and wedge it in with the seats down
This is amazing white elephant gift material. 
I toured a forge that made full size train axles for school. The forge itself was one of those huge robotic ones, and they machined the forgings on some of the biggest lathes and milling machines I've ever seen. They said that some of their lathes came off battleships where they were used to repair the ship at sea
Those battery holders are like $3.50 for two on Amazon, FYI
I just had to buy a replacement battery pack for one of mine and it was like $3.50 for a two pack on Amazon prime. 

If it's the controller that's the issue, though, my condolences
Not only that, but probably for grip and durability. An aluminum wheel could slip and get broken on a rocky surface, but this can squish to grip the rocks
As the philosopher Höt Wheils once said, "Beat That."
Same reason kids in the 20s loved playing with hoops and sticks, that's all we had
I think that's just part of the life cycle of a game. You play it because it's interesting, then you play it for fun, then you play it competitively, then you start getting to the point where you realize you're not blowing off steam anymore, you're getting wound up tighter, and you should let it go. eventually you can come back to it when nostalgia lets you play it for reason #2 again. 

unfortunately games will try to get you to play for as long as possible, so you need to rip yourself away from the shiny achievements and leaderboards and walk away if it's not fun anymore.
I do this at work too much. I have a lot of anxiety about screwing stuff up because my work environment is very dramatic and high strung ("OH WE'RE SCREWED, WE'RE GONNA LOOK LIKE IDIOTS" = we'll have to admit we forgot something) so the smallest things feel like make or break and gives me a lot of anxiety. but then, my constant questions make me anxious that I'm coming off as incompetent and that I'm on thin ice. which makes me want to just look at my phone for a while to escape. which makes me anxious that I'll get fired for being lazy. 

basically I'm lookin' for a new job
My grandma was going to go meet a man in a parking lot about some scam thing he called her about. Thankfully she casually mentioned it in conversation and we stopped her. We also found out about a "boyfriend" she had that was some creepy young guy trying to get at her money. We got pretty worried when she told us some guy going door to door got her to sign up for "you-serve" - turns out she just switched to AT&T U-Verse. So that one was fine.

After she went to assisted living, her legal address was switched to our house, and the amount of junk mail we started receiving was astonishing. We had to write "return to sender" on like 15 letters a day for weeks before they finally died down. All from sketchy charities and organizations. "Here's a paperclip from Israel as a token of appreciation for your generosity! Donate money today to The Lord's Freedom for Israel Mission and Homeless Orphan Home of AMERICA!"
I don't know man, you could argue that tools are just upgrades that you can remove. My car allows me to carry three other people and run 70mph somewhere, but the features need to do that would suck when I want to split wood. So for that I put on my 22lb long pointy hand. I also don't have to remember stuff, because the spare brain in my pocket keeps track of stuff for me and interfaces with my body when I need to remember stuff. I can also access other people's minds when I need to know stuff, either through what they've publicly uploaded to the cloud brain, or by pinging someone's biological brain with a request for information. I can also use it to perfectly recall scenes years later. I'm an engineer, and I couldn't do my job without the brain extension that sits in front of me and allows me to do perfectly perform thousands of calculations a second.
It's always wild to me how humans are so fragile and so robust at the same time. Although most of the robustness probably come from medical science - you break your legs in the wilderness without a doctor or hospital available and you'll probably die like any animal.
I'm gonna be real slick and cool like a movie star, and get hit by a truck
I've found that I have to say "ok google" and then as soon as I feel the vibration start talking regardless of what's on the screen. otherwise it'll eventually just come up and say "didn't catch that" or whatever. as far as lag, I came from a pebble and that's still my #1 gripe. I remember pebble went so far as to make transition animations quicker to make everything happen faster. on this watch I'll do the same swipe four times before it actually happens, because either it's lagging or some animation is happening or it just doesn't detect the touch. 
huh, you're right. the parallel view feels like I'm in a helicopter while the crossview feels like I'm looking at a diorama.
yeah, which is the only way this could be useful. you can shake to enter the apps, scroll up and down with flicks, and then... just look at 'em, I guess?
if it's anything like the V10 it should be a breeze. easy phone to work on.
did someone say it wasn't welded? I'd have guessed it's two hemispheres welded together. 
when my grandma's mind started going, she got all of us pot scrubbers and mickey mouse juice boxes. we were in high school, so she managed to both over AND undershoot the age ranges of those gifts. oh, she also got us diabetes socks. didn't even know until then that there were special socks for diabetes, so that was really odd. my parents take care of "her" gifts to us now. she's always so excited to see what she got us :)
I have three remote controlled outlets in my room, all controlled by the same remote. one turns on a scented wax melter, the other two turn on lamps. I can decide whether my room smells nice and how bright it is from anywhere in the room. it's fantastic. I also have some LED lights controlled by a remote that can be any color, right now they're set to red and green for Christmas.

This lady doesn't know what she's missing. remote controlled outlets are awesome.
My sister in law is expecting, and before we knew the gender I'd just casually refer to it as my nibling.
I always asked for money in middle and high school, because the things I wanted were either too complicated and would get screwed up (like when my brother asked for mini CD-RWs back when those were cool and new, and instead received a big stack of standard CD-Rs from a confused aunt), or were things that would be above everyone's budget so we wanted to save up and buy it ourselves. But nope, we'd get random trinkets we didn't want, or worse, gift cards, because "it didn't feel right not to get you anything!" Well that's very thoughtful but now I have a nerf gun and $15 to best buy, Target, and toys R us and THAT'S NOT GONNA HELP ME BUY A PS2 IS IT
My aunt and uncle gave me and my brothers $100 every Christmas. As soon as I turned 18, they decided we were adults and stopped. Thing is, I'm the youngest. My oldest brother was 24 at the time, so he got $600 more than me over his lifetime, while my other brother got $200 more. Not to mention that means I stopped getting those $100 bills right at the beginning of college when I would've started using it for something meaningful like food, instead of PSP mods or whatever I had used it for in high school. Meanwhile my brother has his Sheetz runs funded through college and beyond.
I'm from Ohio. My dad made me drive on the west Virginia turnpike when I had my temps at 15. It was an unpleasant experience. 

Nowadays I drive correctly but fast, which is opposite of most Ohio drivers - they drive like morons, but all go slow enough to not hit each other.
I'm here because of the no dumb questions podcast and I just want to say I'm hot AND bothered about this
huh. weird. 
I know Kmart is just a crap fest, at least the one near me. you go there for one simple thing, like, just a bottle of rust remover or something that they couldn't possibly not have. And somehow they don't have it. They're the last store in existence that still carries blank VHS tapes, but you're out of luck if you wanted rust remover. not to mention even Walmart is at least trying with things like branding, whereas I think Kmart got rid of blue light specials because they felt their stores weren't depressing enough. 
mine does not have that, and I've never seen anything like it on mine. they look like stuck pixels to me. looks like there's an app called "pixel fixer" you could try on the play store.
thought that's where it was from
just pivot real quick to "WATCH, I'M SO TOUGH I CAN DO THAT AS MUCH AS I WANT" and keep doing it until your concussions no longer allow you to remember the event.
Car videos on youtube. I just bought my own car with my own money for the first time, and now I find them really interesting. Doug Demuro, Hoovies Garage, Tavarish, ChrisFix... I'm consuming them like an addict.

weird thing is, I bought a Chevy Volt. I usually drive it on electric. so all these videos about straight piping the exhaust and V12 engines and broken vacuum lines are mostly irrelevant. Although it is nice to know that uselessly small back seats are also an issue on $250,000 sports cars.
https://i.imgur.com/lwqTdsC.png
I haven't restarted my computer after it was asleep all night, and multitouch works just fine. just used the pen too.
[basically] (https://i.imgur.com/nYG67DA.gif)
Watching something fall out of an airplane. Watching it explode into a hundred tiny parachutes. Knowing that we've achieved the miracle of human flight and are using it to help people. 10/10 watched it like five times
Nah, when I sneak a Reddit it's on mobile. Teeny tiny secret screen instead of a bigboi is more sneak
A Click-fil-a
There's a mobile VR app called reality hacker that can simulate color blindness through the camera. I'm sure you could find a non-VR version. I had my colorblind friends look through it, and they said it looked pretty much the same to them, so I assume it's pretty accurate. 

You could keep an app like that on your phone, and when people start asking dumb questions, you could just say "do you want to see what I see?" and show them the app. That would probably be a more instructive and memorable experience for them, and then you could explain like "see, this looks darker or like this other thing, and I can sort of tell it's red" or whatever.

(Reality hacker can also do it backwards and function sort of like the enchroma glasses. I showed it to my colorblind friends, and while they didn't have the tearful emotional reactions like the people in the videos, they were able to do some color blindness tests they couldn't do before.)
I was running a portable rock wall for a girls' Mormon summer camp, when they got hit with a thunderstorm, flash flooding, and a tornado warning. We had to wait under a rickety pavilion to tear down the tall metal structure until a small break in the thunderstorm, and then hauled out of there in a box truck with a 35 foot trailer as the complex was flooding and the dirt road was washing away beneath us. As we pulled out, we got a call from the warehouse telling us that my car (and only my car, I was parked in a low spot) was flooded with water... that was coming out of the toilet. 

I'm sure that nobody else has had that specific experience.
Please do not take a gander. I know you are a bird watcher, but they are the property of the goose exhibit
The payment for my old car cleared, and I put it toward the principal of my car payment. A little over 14 months of payments (and interest) gone.
I had someone tell me the same thing. It absolutely was not
"computers? Have you heard of... The internet? Make a netsite, fill it with ads, sell gifs and stuff. You'll be rich. Man, career counseling is so easy"
My brother took Accutane, and when he went to fill his prescription, the pharmacist asked how it was working. He was annoyed that his skin was dry and itchy going into winter (since it was no longer dumping oil 24/7), and it made his stomach hurt when he took it. So in an unfortunate choice of phrasing, he said "it's working, but the side effects make me want to kill myself." He had to backpedal really quick on that.
My brother washes his hair with bar soap. He has a bottle of 2-in-1 shampoo and body wash that was a stocking stuffer from last Christmas sitting right there in the shower, but he just rubs a bar of cheap bulk soap on his head instead.

I'm all about fancy soap and good hair/beard stuff, so it doesn't compute with me at all.
I toured a place that was doing this with steel back in college. Even behind that shield in the operator room, the heat radiating off that billet was intense.
when my grandma starts getting  crazier than normal, we have the nursing staff check her for a UTI. once she told us that a photo on the wall was talking to her, and that the walls and ceiling were growing branches.
That suuuuuuuucks. This world and the people in it are so broken. It makes me sad.
where'd you pick up the "have fun" thing? I used to know a guy who always said that, and it always struck me as a little odd. (I looked at your recent comments just to check, and unless you're lying about being 39, you're not him.)
I know the bolt has a "hilltop mode" that only charges to 90% so you can regen down the hill. You could approximate it by scheduling your charging, and set the departure time later than when you're actually going to leave
OOOOOYYYY IT'S COMING OUTTA ME LIKE A YELLOW CABLE
Or just look at your wrist, really. People aren't paying attention. And if someone does see you, wink at them. They feel special now.
We kinda drifted apart. That comment was inconsequential. Here's a sad thing I've done because of social anxiety though - he's in a band, and I'd wanted to go to a show sometime to support him, but crowded unfamiliar venues with drunk people make me really anxious, so I never did.
I tried to sabotage myself in the spelling bee because I didn't want to advance to states. Accidentally spelled gaudy correctly. 

Weird thing is, something clicked and I no longer have stage fright. I regularly play guitar and sing for a church of a couple thousand people. I've done solos. Still have mild social anxiety though, so I walk backstage and everyone goes "you did so great!" And I'm like "YEP I CAN SONG GOOD" and scuttle away.
I recap conversations like it's some kind of post game interview. 

I also talk to myself, but under my breath. I whisper to myself. I've accidentally done it around people. Don't mind me, just whispering to myself like a psycho.
Once, my friend was leaving my house, and I said the line from Elf where the narwhal says "bye Buddy, hope you find your dad!" And I remembered that his dad ^left ^^when ^^^he ^^^^was ^^^^^7
Just doing some fartsnappin', join in!
My friends and I used to have "homegoing" for folks who don't like dances. We'd usually go to a corn maze or something wholesome like that.
Someone asked me to prom and I panicked and blubbered a weird feeble rejection and scooted. I mean, I hate dances, I had already scheduled work during the prom, and I wasn't interested in starting a relationship with this girl, so it's not a regret. but the way I did it was just so horribly awkward. I could've just said "I've got work during the prom" but unfortunately I'm a dolt
We're used to the internet where you can edit what you say as much as you want. You have to realize that most people are thinking about themselves and their interests, and unless you're completely unintelligible, they do not care if you say "uh... Oh yeah, and uhhh..." In a voicemail
I'm laughing at this so hard, I don't even know why. The lack of punctuation on the zoop, the fact that it's a hashtag for no reason. The eagle. I just keep looking at it and dying. 10/10
That's why you gotta get a smart watch. Look at your watch, look exasperated, turn around. People will think you got a text that required you to go back. Much less effort, same amount of overestimating how much people pay attention to anyone but themselves
One time I used a password that I'd used other places (bad, I know) to sign up for a site. I used the forgot password button, and they emailed it to me in plaintext. I hadn't put any personal or payment info into the site yet, so I just changed my password to THISSITEHASTERRIBLESECURITY and never went back.