If this was a star wars movie the internet would literally be on fire.
Not needed look at the website
It's sad you think I'm serious lol
What if i go 10 times?
Heres the thing tho. This subreddit said that IW would never beat TFA opening weekend. But look what happened IW absolutely murdered TFA. I think at this point is absolutely possible to get 2 billion
Im taking in tissues. Im prepared this time.
I'm going today again lol 3rd time
The saying is true.
That's not going to happen
Spiderman already broke my emotions. This will kill me.
Exactly. I don't understand how he can put antman above IW
Wait, you put antman above infinity war?
That wouldove been awesome
I think he means the heros get the stones
You are just making that scene more heartbreaking.

God man im broken
Yes that was quite disracting
But people are never ready to trade lives. It's always an incredibly hard decision
Lol, i could hear my heart rate several times throughout the movie. Especially when spiderman died.


And him hugging tony and begging not to die just broke me.
It's it just me or thor testing out his axe not in the movie?
I'm starting to put thanks up there with darth Vader and the joker.
Hum, but if that were the case shouldent he know cap as well? He was suprised when he saw how strong call was.
That's an interesting theory.
I dont think spiderman is ACTUALLY dead. But his death was freeking emotional and i almost cried
He might be referring to when he said "everyone dies"
I would go insane
Even tho i know that spiderman will be back. Him begging not to die hit me so hard. Plus the way the disentigrations were handled....
I think i heard it mentioned that the axe can summon the bifrost
"i dont want to go"
facebook?
lol

I think if it was not for project insight I would have looked for spoilers. Im so excited for this movie i need to discuss it somewhere. 

Two of my friends from other countries have seen it.
Honestly i don't understand what your getting at.

This movie is different because it's been 10 years and it's a big movie.

The fact that it launched in Europe b4 US is irrelevant. If it had launched in US first would be same.

Its just how the mods are handling it.
thanks
à¼¼ ã¤ â—•_â—• à¼½ã¤ NO SPOILERS WAR INFINITYà¼¼ ã¤ â—•_â—• à¼½ã¤
Have. Critics even watched it yet?
I would drop reddit all the way. I think nowere is safe.
Oh no sir. That place was hell after the last Jedi. This is freaking paradise campared to r/starwars.
Some one edit this in
Quil should be audacity
Prefer him and shuri
Go first watch then take him?
ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚


LMAO


Wait.... Is he serious?
Yeah. I was thinking of this the other day. I'm afraid of this to
Not Scott Lang tho. Hank pim is a founding member. To which now i realize u might be referring to him and im dumb
Starting the 23rd I'm avoiding the whole internet like the plague. Everything but Netflix
James gun has confirmed that hes not in infinity war or A4
Im guessing 5 western time. I'm just leaving at at night in the 22
Why would gamora have the stone?
Dident that women yell at him in the elevator tho?
That's what I'm afraid of
Honestly i haven't seen it
Maybe it's because the trailers are a bit misleading?
Every time some one tries to win a war before it starts innocent people die. Every time
Really? I went to both those movies and they didn't show the avengers trailer.
If so that would mean that there were 4 stones on Earth during avengers. Space, mind, time, soul.


Man Loki screwed up.
I bought my ticket for 11. I tried changing it bit all sold out to
How much was it?
Why is the realitt stone orange?
Probably spiderman iron Man and the joker
I never had so many hairs raise on my arm.


Hell i felt my facial hair raise.
wait is thor holding stormbreaker in that shot?

Yes.
They said 1 billion between both
Lol. Some people look young.

I'm 22 and look like I'm 15. I've had waiter laugh at me before seeing my ID
I stop drinking 6-12 hours before the movie.

I drink some beer like 8 hours before to get everything out. Then im fine.

I also go to the bathroom several times before and force myself to piss.
Can some one edit in all 6 stones? That would be awsome
Iron Man is still important for Tony's arc. But yeah hulk is not important
Dammit take my upvote.
What about groot? That will surley piss peter off
~~Tony gets pissed at star lord being snarky?~~ 

Edit:not sure what i was smoking.

Yeah i like holding him back after gamora gets captured.
What if hes on Reddit and posted it too?
Thanks. But why does the bottle say one thing the site says another? It's confusing
i bought cerave hydrating cleanser but im confused.

I bought it at CVS and my bottle says "cerave hydrating cleanser"

but i see on amazon and cerave website it says "cerave hydrating **facial**cleanser"

im confused because i cant find "cerave hydrating cleanser" on the website.

did i buy the wrong product? im confused.
1.cap
2. Spiderman
3 iron Man
4. Black panther
5. Thor

Now for the real list

1.hawkeye
2.hawkeye
3. Hawkeye
4hawkeye
5.hawkeye
!Redditsilver
Empire and Jedi were thats what i ment
its okay. but a JL shouldent be okay.

when thor and BP is better then JL there is a problem
Lol that will deffinetly go over some people's heads
it has. there is a theory that its a cargo hold. 
disney has nothing to do with xmen. thats fox
hate to break it to you but all movies are cash grabs.

even wait for it the OT. goeorge got rich on the toys

Edit: i ment empire and jedi
Â¯\_(ãƒ„)_/Â¯
which is a first.
and ill never stop eating it
my point is we cant really expect someone to fill his shoes.

you will probably say "then dont make a solo movie"

to which i say Â¯\_(ãƒ„)_/Â¯
and if his personality is slightly different it explains that aswell 
Right? It's wierd. Something about star wars brings the worst in people.

I was hyped as hell for batman v superman and i dident like it. But im not nearly as toxic as some star wars fans out there.
yeah, i think the hate is a bit overboard as well. even tho it was not perfect.
yeah i agree lol. you nailed it so well.

seriously when you watch a movie 100 times a sequel is never going to live up to it no matter how good it is.


i cant tell if this is sarcasm or not
really? i dont remember that
something like the bounty hunter in aftermath. i really liked that character.
A snarky allien does sound pretty cool.
Are you saying that because of the toxic fanbase
 Or because ur just not that interested in it?
I don't mind it. I love the droids in star wars.
I've never read it but i think in legends he was a slave and han saved him
Well at this point it's more then half. Lol

Edit: this is not my opinion I'm talking some fans
Or maybe.... Lumpy ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚

Just kidding
I wonder what the timeline is.
Deffinetly donald Glover Will kill it.
It's growing on me to
No one is ever going to replicate ford. We just have to accept that and watch the movie for what it is.
If you like star wars you are a star wars fan. Simple as that.
I guess we will wait till the movie.

It's because we are so used to ford
finally got some lando dialogue 
Well he won
Luke uses the forcs to guide them
I havent tries any other yet it works fine. I might find something better. 

But the moisterizer leaves me dry and flakey after an hour....
It works for me. But if i sweat allot my face will become white.
time travel
maybe to mess with the fansbase?
Use it before shaving. And as a lip balm. I tried mixing iy with moisterizer but it makes me really shiny
Because they have to approve it for it to show up on r/new 

But if he shares it you can see
Correct me if im wrong but i beleive accounts with low karma have to be approved by mods. 


Depends on the sub tho
I have to get up at 5 for work. But im still going. Aint missing out on infinity war
Funny part is he still playing dumb ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚
Also some people don't know how to respond to simple social interaction.

But if OPs girlfriend is crazy that's a while other issue
Reys face is perfect
I don't even use Reddit for a week before star wars. And i will do the same for iw
[come at me bro](https://i.imgur.com/LRJX5E6.gif)
I want to go hide on an island. I want this to happen so bad man. This is an evil joke
Do you have a calendar?
Wouldent it be best just to catch it and put it out of it's mistery?.
I've only heard of this happening. Never seen it before tho
i watched a chicken get killed and i still ate it.

btw: I lived on a farm for 4 years
thats just awfull 
For some reason my keyboard has it like that when i start writing it.
I think clapping is only acceptable at star wars
Yes agreed
What about volume two? And ragnorok?
This isn't ~~protection~~ freedom this is fear.

Edit:words
It ant that bad
But then you would have a useless gold star by your comment.

Just like in elementary school.

I would have brought you back to your childhood
If i was not cheap i would give it Reddit gold
I agree. But would of been better with a trilogy maybe idk
Agreed. The book and movie are two different things.

I went in knowing it would be different.

I liked the movie for what it was.

I do like the book better tho.
No, you should read the book as well.

I read the book first and liked the movie as well
There is. Stranger things does that
It was sorento
Not you. The others. Last time i said something negative about americans i got downvoted to hell.


Sorry if i made it seem like i was refering to you.
Not all Americans are like that.

But some deffinetly are.

Yes go ahead downvote this to hell you know it's true.
i walked into work tired and not in the mood to talk i was late so i just wanted to get to my desk quick.

enthusiastic coworker who works right by the door enthusiastically says hi(as always) and calls me over. i wave and walk away avoiding him.

he follows tries to stop me i shake him off and say (admitadly in a rude way) "i cant now man im late..."

he say "oh okay i was going to give you something and this is how you treat me... fine whatever"

i felt bad
plot twist hes serious?
OC isent something that brings ballance to the universe but this...does put a smile on my face
Well, this is perfect explanation.
Me to.
Well i was born in the usa but my whole family is brazilian.

I spent my teenage like there tho.

I confuse spelling and words in both languages every one and a while.
breath of the wild
It must be fun to be an entitled jerk on the internet is it not?

I saw your post history and you have lots of entitled jerky comments like this one.

Do you get a sense of pride ans accomplishment by making comments like this to strangers?

Must be really depressing that you need to attack strangers to feel happy. Must really suck to be you.
I would freeking suck in the military.
If we were in a perfect world everyone will follow this.
Looks like some one didn't get the joke.

Do we really have to put  /s on everything?

The original comment was a joke so i followed up.

Edit: you also mispelled "and" congratulations.
[my set up](https://i.imgur.com/WAtHXdM.jpg)
No
Depends on the person
I'm the second fastest In a group of 4.



One day he called me into his office and said i need to be the fastest because she is a female and im a male.
I have 3 9 11 and 2
Hes been at the company for 10 years. If i Go to hr he well get mad and say i suck and I'm slow etc. He well day he dident do anything it will be my word against his.

Im shy and suck under pressure if this Happens I'll get nervus and thus get screwed
One time with him. I was doing a job. I was doing it fine and he started saying i was slow and he did that thing trump did imitating a retarded guy and saying i was slow.

I said firmly okay "can you please stop joking about job performance please?" 

He got mad and said he hates me and always hated me....
I'm not the only one who complains. Every one does.

One day he is fine but the second he becomes stressed he turns into a asshole.

Like he will lose track of time and start scolding people thinking they are taking long.

Example we got there at 6:30 so the coworker must of started at 6:40 or so he stopped him to do something else and then the coworker went back to it. At 7:45 he scolded them for taking 2 hours. Which is not only mathmatically impossible but he himself stopped them to do something else.

If we say something he gets mad.

Edit:words
Well this is true but that will get me fired lol.
It's there a way to do this anonymously? If he knows i did this it will only get worse
I was in break when i posted this.
I was not going slow. When he gets stressed he loses track of time.

Edit: plus he won't stop. He does it all day way after the thing has passed and continues on to the next day. When tho I'm doing fine
Solved
Lol yes. Wow thats embarising. Can i use the excuse that im brazilian? Lol
Droor not door like a cabinet. It's old but i dont think its a part of the droor
well i was a driver helper with UPS. even if it doesent require a signature if the driver/helper thinks it is unsafe to deliver either its at risk of getting stolen or destroyed by weather we dont deliver.

thats what the training video said. 

drivers probably use that as an excuse to be lazy.

we never did this tho.at least me and the driver did not
The sad part is that r/sequelmemes only make fun of tlj. Its not as fun as Prequel memes
Lol, Barney should if stayed with Robin. They could have adopted a kid. And Ted should of stayed with the mother. 


It all would have been better
Template?
He looks electrified to me
Yeah man. This could potentially suck for devs.
Wow this wont end well.

Edit:a word
Dam that editing. Ben's facial expressions line up perfectly with the flashbacks
That's hilarious
Recepcionist
I ordered them. Only after invited people. Order a certain amount then invite ur friends and make them you back
How old are you?
Thanks
Were is this from?
Don't you think you are overthinking this just a little?
Then let's request it
Is this not Also a stupid question?
yeah i really liked this kid
try not to use it all OP
could be any one of the two.

try to remove it clean the contacts with a pencil eraser and put it back in.

also make sure its screwed in tight, might of gotten loose that way as well.
usually red means gpu. but check ur motherboard manual to be sure.

by the symptoms i would say ur gpu is failing
hmmmm. how did they get it themselves?
r/thathappened
Funny thing is. They were making fun of America in the thread. Maybe they downvoted me because i said i was American. Or maybe bad timing
Well whenever i do it i get downvoted to hell. But at least i dont get shot so win win i guess
So did he.
I will make it legal. It's a time of war
Not abrams rian
Well no, because he will flip out on me to.
He is referring to a post from earlier today
I didn't think anything i was being tought would be useful in later life
Good bot
I haven't checked old cards.

If i get an old card I won't have my sense of pride and accomplishment.
Or you want to go see Star wars 7 times and they dont lol. 

Yeah this is the issue i have. My friend just don't like the movies i like.
I dont understand why going to the movies alone is such a big deal.

You don't even talk during movies.
A month? Try 6 months
I'm glad you suffered to. Because this is the top comment
This comment=gold
I don't even work with a computer and i spend to much time on Reddit
It's a tide add
It doesent even matter that there is no sound my brain adds the sound automatically
Nothing wrong with that. I bet i know more plannets in a galaxy far far away then US states. Lol
Lol. I make a jokey/sarcastic post. Everyone takes it seriously lol

I guess I worded it wrong.

The point is that ive watched it a ungodly number of times.

I was doing exactly what you described before posting.
idk,but im just not as exited for solo. And I love SW
Pretty much anytime im near a screen with a internet connection lol
So we use him
And for being the third
Giving u the benifit of the doubt. But dont u think people in this sub would.know what they go through everyday?

Its involuntary we know that its dumb we know that its ridiculous but something inside us that throws logic off.

Its not as simple as thinking to.much of ourselves.
He's saying it in a very condescending way. He's also making it look like that people with social anxiety are self centered or egotistical but the problem is exactly the opposite.
Add then reposted back to reddit over and over again forever
And That's an opinion.
And you comment implies that it was objectively bad. Every one has the right to have an opinion.
I was gunna do that. Then decided on this.
I agree. Just saw this on meme economy and thought it would be funny.
Only 54? Lol
I just burst out laughing. In the car with people who dont like star wars or r/Prequelmemes. And they are confused
Trying to explain why I just burst out laughing to.my friends that dont like SW. Is hard
GIJOE......
Nope just down sizing a little
His gold give him
LOL
Yes
That would be awesome
This would actually be pretty hilarious
Iirc each Player can choose a team to play the tournament with
As instant as I'm responding to this.

Sync actually steals the notification. I Dont even see the official app notification.
I use it for push notifications. Then i read those in sync
This is Reddit of course you can
Its seperate
Because americans dont talk to each other like regular humans should.

For the record im american
But it's also impossible to reliably prove his intent
So if your mother was dying and u needed help you would call her by her first name?

You wouldn't say "we need to help my mother" or "i need to save my mom"
Again i ask why would superman call his mom Martha?
No it's for his phone. But he put it on upside down. His phone is smaller then the x
Deffinetly. But now he can't hear people
Yes but why the hell would Superman call his mom by his mothers name?

Plus why would you would you start Loving a guy just because he said your mother's name?
He is shredded he has an 8 pack
He did it in avengers tho and it was awsome.i mean it's not a desk breaker but it would be great to see.
Neither do i. But i felt this movie had to much of it. But i really enjoyed it tho.
Yes this was the worst joke to me.
Those two moments and when Bruce jumps to atack the wolf and falls flat on the floor. Other then that everything was fine.
I thought there were times there were tense moments or actiony moments were they ruined it with a joke
You knew exactly what he ment.
That's his problem.
No trailer. We are waiting op you better give that video.
remindme! 24 hours

you have to do it now. we will hunt u down if you dont
i dont think this sub hate the sequels.

but r/starwarstheorys and r/starwarsspeculation i guess
When i was a kid and lived on a farm my family have me a dog. 

But they wanted to train it as a gaurds dog. I started crying because i dident want my friends to come over and me having to hide my dog from them.

I was 15
Can we like not joke about this?
The sign itself is an absolute
How can i trust you tho?
[https://i.imgur.com/4cp52SN.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/4cp52SN.jpg)
My friends are on Reddit
I HATE YOU
Well it's not a prius.
I think when i was younger i was a bit of a asshole.

I told my friend he was wierd and dident want him as my best friend any more...

Like we should be friends but not really good friends

My memory on this is kinda bad tho.

I apologized later because i realized I was being a idiot
Icon pack is pixel DIP, the widget is a app called hurry i put in the infinity war info myself.
How about a "you got your blinker on"
Works fine on sync
Some one should go make all these subs
I Dont remember exactly were but i know i found it in on this sub by searching wallpaper. 

[but here's the the jpg](https://i.imgur.com/UM30q48.jpg)
He's standing on a bar or something
I've never even heard of digg
Wet are not taking about a Netflix competitor what he says was that we dident expect things like Netflix to take over tv.
Yeah but that streaming service does not really exist
Disney Owns both
Let the karma wars begin
Thank you kind citizens for making it hell for me to build my pc.

My wallet thanks you 


Jokes aside what would you do if Bitcoin crashes bad?
Yep this is deffinetly something my.insecute but would do.
This is the issue. They can"find a mistake" and fire me for that
Well my job does.
I would hang out with you lol
For some reason 5 year old me thought 21 was old.

He thought I'd be dead by now...

Pretty funny
I love the service its very convenient. I'm just making a cheap joke.

Plus some don't know Google looks at the emails.
Tbf it is kinda creepy
Well a cup is shallow there is less pressure.

Also it was placed in the cup no impact like a fall.

Here the phone both fell and sank pretty deep.
If you would read my comment you would see i said **iphone** not phone.

As far as i know the xperia is not a iphone.


Next time read is not that hard.
Looks like a iPhone 6.

This has been reposted several times.

Iirc the first time i saw it the iphone 7(first waterproof iphone) had not come out yet.
You have to stop being negative.
after the crawl pan to her funeral. 
there is something called a opinion. there is also something called taste.

you should research that sometime.
i cant tell anymore. maybe im cured.
my understanding was that this sub has great advice and should be taken seriosly.

/s

well we could like you know downvote. that will show OP. but we all know that wont happen
im dislexic i read it as lemons.
dammit take my upvote and leave
God man it sucks.
I was put off of the 5 hours of use. I would use for up to 7 hours a day. But i can input unplug for 20 minutes that's totally reasonable.
Excuse me while i move to Virginia.

Freeking Florida small apartment in slightly bad neighborhood. 2 bedroom 2 bath 1.2k
Yeah i know. Maybe my headphones just suck
Do i have crappy heading headphones or something?


Mine Take two hours.

They are skull Candys.
18 minutes? Wait what?
It still exists?
Your rent is $700? We're do you live?
So the newt scene from the death cure is in the movie? I will go watch the movie just to see that scene
I think he wants attention. Best to just ignore this jerk
This is for r/shittylifeprotips
And wade has no hair. And no eyebrows.

They changed a few things.

Tbh tho it would be kinda wierd on screen for Wade
I hate this type of news. It ruins my day.

What kind of sick jerk do you have to be to into a school and kill a my m bunch of innocent **kids**?

It honestly sickens me.
What did he say?
It's a very traumitizing moment for them they aren't thinking straight.
Completly made my Monday allot better
so do i. but i mean when i see a ss. then i have to go check.
I have this issue whenever i see a tweet from him on the internet i just can't tell which ones are fake
Magic
Plot twist it was the plan all along. Palpatine got maul to let obi wan cut him in half do anikan would try the trick and evidently go to the dark side
I use all 4. Fb i just have so people don't annoy me.
Aren't you part of the problem?
*hides*
Hey what is recursion?
Not op but it's really hard to trust someone who bettayed you
I agree. Even if she says no you won't regret it.

Asking her out is better then doing nothing.

If you don't do it you will never know the answer
Honestly this thread is making me smile l dislike humanity more then i already did.

,[ugh](https://i.imgur.com/67WaxPQ.gif)
Your adopted this while story was a tide add
Allot of people call the main character the wrong name. the main character cant talk and just screems and nods and grunts. 
I just read the title and died inside
do it you will love it, it gets really good

have you watched stranger things?
Then why you here in a sequel meme sub?
Yeah but if you want to avoid spoilers two months in its on you to avoid them.
Like you know not going to a star wars meme sub
I think it's been long enough
I was your age 16 when my gf cheated on me. Programming helped me allot.

Also started watching allot of movies that i never watched. This is what got me into the lovely world of star wars

But yeah programming takes up your mind so it helps allot.
I know how it feels. It feels absolutely awfull now. It feels like you will never forget her like you will never move on.

I've been through this a few times. 

You will see as time goes on you will feel gradually better.

Do you have any good hobbies that can take up your mind?
It's like that but me to that this had happened a few times it just seems awful in the beginning.

OP should keep reminding himself it will pass. And distract himself
I mean like with me the more time i spend with them the stronger my feelings get.

If you can still be friends with her and not feel like you will like her then go ahead.


It wouldn't work for me tho
God damnit that sucks then. I guess try to avoid her the best possible
Meanwile i just bought junk food at work. When i don't need to Â¯\\\_(ãƒ„)\_/Â¯
i try to understand others motivation in being jerks or any action people make in general. i try to see things from there eyes.

you kinda did answer yourself people want to feel better about themselves so they put others down.

but some people are just jerks by nature of being jerks.
Yeah i know. It helps that she likes him because i see shes not the girl i really want. 

Also helps allot that she's going to Brazil.

She does care about me as a friend she a cool person she's concerned about me if i look sad or worried etc.

But it's fine.
the old spice one. and the mr clean one. hopper dancing is hilarious 
ive only known her for a month. im not really hung up on her to much. the guy she likes is my childhood friend. hes kinda a unemployed pot head and a bit of a player. he likes to work a few months quit his job and go surf and have fun untill hes broke and then he finds another jon

to me a girl who is interested in that is not the girl for me.

shes going back to brazil at the end of the month too.

no im not in HS. i am young tho im 21 so is she. 


1.hum hard question. i guess linkin park
2.I think he has a cool costume. honestly i dont really see why people love him so much.
3.yes. really depends on what your end goal is tho
4.yoda and luke skywalker
5.no
yeah.well she likes someone else. not a very good person tho. i guess shes young and doesent see that.

we went to new york together two weeks ago. we really connected there and i really fell for her.

she did say i changed in the trip. i guess i did she is right.

for one im allot better with my shyness now.

Edit:looks like i replied to myself instad of you LOLZ

Edit 2: nevermind....

well not any more lol. i just had a crush on someone now actually.dident work out tho i asked her out she said we should stay friends.

but before this current one my last one was 5 years ago. i was a teenager and she really broke my heart cheated on me twice..

idk it took me 5 years to fall for someone again.


Hello internet.
A-town fm
Two bit geeks
Steel wars
Bonanza
Dear Hank and John
The weekly planet
No dumb questions
Station 13
Star wars minute
They aren't paid enough to care
Wait really?
Yes
Honestly i can't tell the difference any more.
So if both are true it's an hour?
[https://i.imgur.com/1bp0NCc.gif](https://i.imgur.com/1bp0NCc.gif)
Danget take my upvote and leave
It's all good fun man
[Reddit silver](https://i.imgur.com/4RoN1oJ.gif)
Everything but tide and dirty dancing was bad
It's a tide add
I love it
It's a tide add
We are going to lose this game because of those 4 points lost.....
Yes it is
It's a tide add
It's about damn time you score a fg
I think you dropped this "/s"
Some one please kill me
Ugh.....
I thought it was my tv
Is it a car add?
Yeah me too
God damnit man two field goals lost... Smh
Didn't he already do that in a way?
All of them
We have to send that mirror to trump
Okay. I think you have to do it now the longer you wait the worse it will be for you. The second she started dating you will feel bad.
!remindme 6 hours
Well that's kinda of an interpretation. It's says the Earth is round and some translations say sphere.
But the bible does not say it's flat.
Well then i stand corrected.
Not really. But whatever
I awake i can't sleep I'm just so angry. I was completely betrayed by family friends  that we've known for 12 years. It's just sad.
So you know she's the one but don't know if she likes you? 

 How long do you know her?
i have a friend whos name is stone. yeah like rock...
It's not the actor it's the character
The joke would be better if you said Germany
On Sundays yes. Mostly because i hate Monday
I want Brazil to win but.....
Android is hard because the api's are always changing i guess find recent videos on YouTube. And read documentation.

Or search Google for googles own course
I started learning in Python. Then i studied java and then android. I haven't done it in a while after i graduated hs and got a job i stoped..

I would play with random things. Find a random app idea things i rarely finished tbh.

Now that i think about it i want to start again for real now.
I think programing helps. When i was 16 and my girlfriend cheated on me i used programming to cope. It really onions occupies your mind. Even when your not programming if your working on a project you can think about how to solve bugs or how your going to plan an algorithm.
Yeah the first few days suck.

What do you like to do what movies you like?
It's this your first time?

Ik what its like man it sucks. Right now it hurts like hell but in time it will pass.


Ik it doesn't help saying that but it's true.

Find a hobby and occupy yourself find some thing you love and study it.
I really want to wear them but i live in Florida.....
Your trolling right?
Same thing happened to me. I'm just going to the fair and going to eat junk food and drink beer.
Oh god why
Girl i like said i should buy a post card for my mom from new york. We were in new york together.

I bought it just cause she told me to.
One step closer to beating shyness
Well at least i did it. But a friendship when one likes the other does not work so.... It is what it is.
See said she likes my friendship and wants to keep it.
Well i got rejected Â¯\\\_(ãƒ„)\_/Â¯
One does not simply play Zelda for an hour at a time
I'm completely lost. What would be a good way to word it?
Wait what? Endless fries? I got to stop everything and get myself to red Robin
I guess i have to. I'll have to boost up the courage to do it. I guess you are right if anything she will just return to Brasil and that will be the end.
Here's the thing. Right now I'm in a tough situation..

At the airport when we were comming back i wanted to tell her.

For background she can tell when im nervus or uneasy and she asks about it. There were a few awkward situations with people in NY (not related to her) she noticed i was uneasy and asked. 

So im debating to tell her or not and she keeps asking me why im nervus I could've tell her. She asked 4 times.

So after the plane landed and we got home i kept thinking about her keeping on asking. So i texted her "i was nervus because i had something to say but i couldn't say it"

She answered ... Oh ok.

Then i said "well what i wanted to say was, that i loved the trip and loved that you came it was awsome and i loved spending time with you and im not all that bad right?"

And she answered: "it was great i loved it to. And no your not that bad at all LOL"

So i don't know if she is ignoring hints or just cant see it.

So this morning i posted on whatsapp status. (Its like snapchat stories)

"That moment when you like someone but dont know what to do. Its tearing me apart" she already saw it. 

I suspected she would get curious and ask and then i would tell her but she dident at least not yet.(shes in english class now)

So idk now ive threw to many small hints. Now im just screwed
But the question is how i find that out.
I don't mind long distance
And Luke is a force ghost
U better patent that before i do.ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚
Oh, lol. I thought it was released
I think it's because s switch emulation was released a few days ago
Funky buhda hefe weizen
Apple watches. Ftfy
If i was not poor i would give you gold
That's awesome
Thanks Reddit for making me feel old
I've seen people on face book on the freeway
And Rey dident have to say she felt aufull she showed it in her face.
Says the guy who likes a trilogy were space goofy sticks his tongue out look a frog to eat fruit. Also steps in poop.
Not if he is really shy
No
I dont understand what ur getting at he said masochistic fandom. Deffinition of masochistic is:enjoying an activity that appears to be painful or tedious.

So hes saying people who like it and watch it several times are putting themselves through pain purposefully. 

Its clearly an insult.
The star wars fanbase
It's also on the same month as infinity war
Can some body link the original post to this. I want to read that thread again.
I think its show dont tell. With rey and ben we are seeing more facial expressions and tone of voice. 

With anikan and padme they are stating there feelings instead of showing them
luke must of saw a few flaws when he studied the jedi because he tells rey."i will teach you the ways of the jedi and why they need to end."
I guess that means yoda speaks in absolutes then
no it was a while ago i think it was on a colider video... the rey thing was funny
I believe a certain point of view book explains this. I have to check to remember exactly what happened
Luke is a force ghost
Because kylo was so filled with the against Luke he was not thinking straight.
A Jedi uses the force for knowledge and defence never for attack. What Luke did was the Jedi way.
The rebellion it's remember today, the was it's just beginning, and i will not be the last Jedi.
Almost cried
He did a face reveal recently
You are not getting downvoted because we disagree with you. You are getting downvoted for being a jerk.
That's what the $350 watch is for.
Dude if he likes it he can watch it 50 times that's his problem. Just cause u dont like it doesn't mean he doesn't have to
Why is it Wrong for him to watch it 4 times?
But r2 was with Rey. How do we know bb8 can do the same?
Not until the right time.
you are the one who is accusing people of being paid.
Yes. You got me.

Your missing out man I'm rolling in the money Disney payed me i even quit my job. Now all i do is watch rebels and tfa anal day while i count my money.
You might be a jerk but that video made me laugh out loud
Payed Disney troll.hum seems like Disney is owing allot of people money i guess we should all call them and ask for our checks.
Then anikan would probably kill himself
After my first heart brake i started getting into star wars. I watched the movies and feel in love with it. 

I would say find a tv show and just obsess over it.
I think it's cause he's Palatine apprentice and he declares him a sith
Pass on what you have learned.
 Strength, mastery.
 But weakness,
 folly, failure also.
 Yes, failure most of all.
 The greatest teacher,
failure is.
Well vader is a former jedi. Atleast he was not a Jedi during rogue one
Following the trend of the title being in the crawl of the previous film this works
Thanks for this never to change my phone wall paper

[new phone screen](https://i.imgur.com/yPCMUjd.jpg)
/r/gatekeeping 
sooooo...?
Months? That's still happening
This is the real answer here. What's the point of crying when u can just watch the movies u like?
Did they? Honestly i haven't seen it
Oh I've seen it before.
Deus ex machina is when a character or event saves the day out of nowere.
Honestly not everyone but i think people have a problem with her being female
Okay sorry you feel that way about the movie. But this movie does not destroy the original movies. The originals are still there. If you destroy am original paintinh it doesn't exist anymore. Making a bad movie in a franchise does not invalidate the old ones. All you have to do is ignore it and watch the ones you like.

To fix your example it would be like some one made a parody of a paining a copy that makes fun or disrespects the original. the original painting still exists. Sure the guy disrespected it but you can still admire the original.


I'm the end is just a movie. Why are you guys making such a huge deal of this.
then don't watch it again?

for example i love photography if i see a bad picture i don't go cry on the internet about/atack people/atack creator


yes but you are saying its okay to insult him.
oh big whoop, you spent what 12 bucks and two hours of your life? just never watch it again and get on with your life.

there is no way that a movie can personally offend you on this level.
no you were being a jerk. rian just created something you personally did not like.

Plus who cares if its bad you have your good SW to like if you dont like a SW movie just never watch it again and suck it up. insulting the creater accomplishes nothing other then being a bad human

Yes but if they refuse to update at least make it easier for the community to do it
It doesn't
yeah they are real. i actually work with one.
Okay there is no other way to talk to you at this point that does not brake the rules.

And the amount of downvote you get just shows how right you are good day sir
Okay I'll bite. What I'm referencing here is there are people out there who literally have a problem with there being female characters and minority in this movie they think there is no place for minority or women in SW.


If you have a problem with the writing of characters that's fine whatever i disagree with you but whatever.

What i am calling out here is people mad at the fact that there are women, asian,black etc in the movie and are mad just because they are in it.
That video is fake the footage is from a promo press conf from dec 4
Oh i know hes comming back. But the scene with leia and the binary sunset is just freeking emotional.
No please no not the falcon I'll cry. Luke almost made me cry. If leia and the falcon go in the same film i might have to cry
Ik he was cut off. But when he started using it she was still there
Every one of those is entitled to have an opinion except the racist/sexist etc

Those people need to leave the subreddit. These people really get my blood boiling
Yes but Luke asks her who she is. And if it was his daughter would like not feel it?
Yeah, i agree this is what is going on. Ofc tjl or any movie for that matter is not perfect but no movie world satisfy some people.
[Spoiler](/s "so kind of like the DREADNOUGHT but destroying the whole plannet?")
!remindme 3 hours
yeah i know, but now what else could they do? they already did two traditional death stars,and a planet. 
Are we serious now. Is this what it comes to? Are we really complaining about rey being a little more overweight?


LOL. Come on guys you can not like the movie but this is just to much.
ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚
I think some just simply don't like the movie. But some are just nitpicking it to death and trying really hard to find flaws. It's like a cinima-sins video except its not satire they are serious.
Well it gets destroyed every time. Maybe get creative and make something smaller idk.
I mean a giant moon/plannet sized death weapon.
It wouldn't make or brake it for me but i would be a bit annoyed to see it happen again.
Your list is exactly like mine
honestlyy i dont understand this. but you are entitled to your opinion
all is good. ive gotten frustrated on here a few times to. especially when people say that its SJW or are flat out racist/sexist. really gets under my skin.

but yeah i believe mark must of had a few doubts about the script but i do believe he liked the way it ended up.
yeah those people are just... i have no adjectives to say here that does not brake the rules...lol

yeah i was just saying some watch those videos and take them as true. its sad really 


1) its never said that luke left the map. the crawl says "a clue to lukes whereabouts.." it seems that since people knew he went to the first jedi temple.

2) Poe was just demoted. Holdo was above his rank and has no obligation to tell poe anything. although i agree this is a bad move on her part i think thats kind of the point she made a bad decision which cost the Resistance. pretty much every one in the movie fails in some way that's what causes most of them to die. holdos lack of leadership and poe's ego

3) I dident expect this to happen. but just like with palpatine he died because of his arrogance like most dark siders do. i would like to see more about his back story in 9.

4) rey knows how to fight she had to survive on jakku and learn to defend herself. 
maybe i need to watch the scene again but she did not win the force pull they both got knocked out. she probably woke up first and grabbed the light saber.(okay might be convinient that she woke up first but thats not a big deal a nitpick imo) shes already been shown to be really powerful in the force and she is confident in her power. 

5) he had a moment of instinct he did not actually do it. also when vader said that maybe he could turn leia he goes full on anger mode and attacks vader knocks him down cuts off his hand and only them backs off. Luke is impulsive he saw the great darkness in ben had a moment of instinct then backed off.

6) i agree the romance was forced. 

7) i think Luke could choose to make someone feel him or not this includes the dice. it was established earlier that force ghost can interact with the real world(yoda hits luke in the head) Luke also kisses leia on the head. as for the dice disappearing later i really don't know i assume it disappeared after he died.

8) tbh us as fans hyped up reys parents not the movie. as for her powers and her learning quickly i suspect that she is a child of the force just like Anikan that can still fall in line with her parents being drunk. the women could of gotten pregnant and the couple just thought it was a normal pregnancy. if not a force child the living force chose rey to meet kylos darkness and gave her all this power 1 because kylo was rising in the dark side and 2 luke shut himself off from the force.

9)it was lucky yeah, im not the biggest fan of this i did not really like DJ but it is what it is. this does not ruin the movie i would also classify this as a nitpic 

10) leia is force sensitive and people can survive in space for a certain amount of time. and its not that strong of a force power all she needed to do was pull a little on the ship. but i agree the way the scene was executed looked dumb. but as a narrative it establishes leias force powers more.

11) when holdo is turning the ship around its pointed out to hux that they should shoot down the ship, but hux ignore it. its something thats only done in certain scenarios because the enemy could notice and stop you. when hux noticed what she was doing it was already to late. also the rebelion is not interested in wasting resources the objective is to win the fight with the least losses as possible. 

12)she did not win the force pull they both got knocked out just because she got up first does not mean she won.
Actually people were using his earlier comments and footage from a press conference in the beginning of December to say he hates it.
I've seen someone say it's worse then clones and tpm
Well some of them just don't do research and see things at face value.
most of them are good yes. some i did not like.
 
One thing that i honestly hate about this sub is when people call each other not fans. Calling someone not a fan it's just flat out condescending.
Love this scene the acting is perfect in it.
One thing i love is going to the theater opening night with the theater full. The Lucas film logo comes up and every one claps and cheers, and the music starts and the crawl comes.

I feel like a 5 year old at that moment.
I love the scenes on jaku in tfa showing the downed star destroyers. Love that scene of Rey eating next to the at at with the helment on.


Binary sunset.

Luke throwing away his lightsaber.

Do or do not there is no try.

Yodas lesson about failure.

Luke becoming a legend in tlj.

Vader scene in RO

Obi wan "you were my brother anikan i loved you..."

Just off the top of my head. I can probably go on for ever
I really enjoyed from a certain point of view.
Okay, so it's luke overpowered as well? When did he ever have formal lightsaber training or any fight training?

He lived with his overprotective uncle and probably never got into a fight.

How did luke fight vader then? And almost beat him?
It seems to me that your just hate the character so much that your see what you want to see and not what is happening. 

Probably because she's female.
The fight it's fairly short she Grabs her staff here grabs his stick. Luke is owning her the whole time and knocks away her staff then she grabs the lightsaber and he surrender's. How is rey owning the fight?
So basically just cause i like the movie I'm not a fan? Really?
Luke held her. And threw away her staff. Then she pulled her lightsaber.
But Luke didn't even go it.

Edit:So if i get startled and pull a gun on some one as pure instinct then immediately put in away does that make me a murderer to?
But worse then attack of the clones?
I feel the same way. I simply cant understand this opinion
A new order? Or the new order.
yes, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4S6iJpJ752A&t=174s

its around 2 minute mark.

edit:that was posted dec 4th
Saying not the same just make your exactly like the person you are criticising
How did vader know lando and han were friends?
Well to answer your question never. Avatar is proof.


For the record i love tlj
That's not after the premier. That's like dec 3 that was a press conference promoting the movie
That's not after the premier. That's like dec 3 that was a press conference promoting the movie
That's not after the premier. That's like dec 3 that was a press conference promoting the movie
That's not after the premier. That's like dec 3 that was a press conference promoting the movie
Um is empire the best or worse i dont get it
Luke kissing leia. God the fact that carrie died just makes this scene so danm sad and great.
Wait? But that's the movie i watched. There's another movie?
> cheap palor trick


He projected himself across the freeking Galaxy.
Also this is not after the movie this is from the press conf. This is from dec 3rd or4th
And this is all Ryan is saying here. He saying that he can't write the story around the fans because every fan wants something different.
And its executed well so its interesting. Plus the actor is freaking amazing
In the theatrical release as far as ik we did not see jaba at all. They make a pretty big deal of him.
Exactly. This is why i think they should just let the story group use there own judgement. Obviously there is a limit or it stops being star wars.
Jaba, palpatine,lando
> ruined lukes legacy.

I'm not sure if you watched the end of the movie.

Luke saved the new rebellion. And became the hero.

We as an audience know luke was a holigram but the FO and the new rebellion do not. To them Luke "faced the entire first order with a laser sword" and then came out unharmed. 

Luke became the legend that the Galaxy needed. We are even shown children telling stories about him and being inspired by him.

This makes lukes a legend.
I'm really attached to luke. And im not disappointed.
Well was luke not about to strike palpatine before vader stoped him?
I think they are visually beautiful. I went to the theater now times for rogue one then tfa because of this. Even tho i was not invested in the characters as much
Why are you even here? If you want to be racist and sexist just leave.
Maybe you can create your own subresdit?
Love that scene. Look acting like yoda
Yes that's what he says. But i think that kylo character arc makes up for this. 

We already had the greatest villain of all time in sw there is no use even trying to compete with vader so kylo is great imo
Well the fanbase is so huge that anything they do there will be people who don't like it. People are entitled to they're opinions
My friend absolutely hates kylo. And i seriously don't understand this
God man this could be a great movie.
LOL auto correct. I'm leaving that in
This. Is what i was going to say.
No if she is leias kid then that ruins leias character. Leia would never abandon her daughter on a dessert  plannet
Yoda burning down the tree to mess with Luke. The fact that Rey had the books makes this scene even better
I think they should postpone ep9. They say ep8 was being written b4 7 came out and 9 is still not done getting written plus they recently started over they need more time to make this movie. Maybe they should move it to 2020
Well i liked tlj. But you don't need to like all new movies. While i do agree that some people are nitpicking and others that will never like a sw that's not the OT. People have different opinions and some really just funny like tlj for whatever reason
Ugh.. 

This video is taken out of context. This is from a press conference with the whole cast. This was like dec 3 way before red carpet. Everyone was acting weird i think they were jet lagged
We was killed in rotj in a "lame way"
Some people that don't like tlj attack people who do.


There opposite happens to.
Ugh, okay assuming your serious and not trolling.

The Facebook post is just to show that the OT also had flaws. It's applying the same criticism of tlj to empire.
you left it on your kitchen was on fire 
ill leave the mail on your table all i want are the star wars stuff

We've never seen a sith become s force ghost. It's assumed they can't.
Bye
Dude even your title comes off as insulting. Other people have already told you that the only reason you were met with backlash is because you shot first.

Why dont u swallow ur pride and ego make a throwaway account and try to post again in a civil way? Because starting a thread by being a jerk is not going to help you in anything all it does is start conflict.
That does not mean there are no consequences.

They have to regroup and ask for help and get new people to join. The fact that they will have a full fleet in some time does not mean there are no consequences.
Not sure if 100% true but I've heard he wanted Luke to go to the dark side in rotj
There are like 50 people left in the resistance. Thats a pretty huge consequence
And being a jerk and a child is the best way to get information and help right? 

People were sarcastic and rude because the tone of your post is incredibly self centered and mean. Then you start insulting people. 

Plus judging by peoples comments you edited your post a few times.

At this point ik you are trolling but I'm bored and this is fairly entertaining.
Forget the past kill it if you have to it's the only way to become what your ment to be
What are you trying to say?
I want my money from disney.

How much are people getting paid exactly OP? I need to give them a call i was not aware they were paying people.

/S
Your not going to get anything being a jerk.

Actually why don't you go to YouTube? The comment section on there seem to match your ego.
Its times like these that i wish the opposite of gold existed.

What is wrong with people?
Wow the first coherent sentence that doesn't insult anybody with slurs and swears. Congratulations.
Made your childhood explode.

So 2 hours of your life invalidated your entire childhood?

Did it also burn your copy of the OT?
Ahahahhah
Well they can think what they want but. I agree i don't see why they think he needs to be indestructible.
See i think that the problem here is that you wont accept that your don't accept people have different opinions.

You are basically calling people who liked the movie stupid or blind. 

This is why you are getting downvoted in everything you say.

It's okay to not like or like a movie.
Is interesting to see this. I hear a few people say it lost its feel and i have a hard time understanding.

Did you grow up with the ot by chance?
Do i have a chance if i throw a piece of steak for him?
And there are people saying tlj is worse then clones.


Opinions are opinions.

I love the tlj for the record.
I certainly plan to.
It's actually been posted a few times and shot down more then once.
Rey had fight training. It's clearly shown in the force awakens that she can defend herself with a melee weapon. Also kylo was injured and emotionally distress.


Luke on the other hand never used a melee weapon but can suddenly use a lightsaber.

I the rey is justified
I'm not jelose. Working on a plan to rob u lol
Cool bro if you don't like them you don't like them.

It's there any reason why or they just don't fit with you?
Yep and at that point all he could do was force push her away which would most definitely injure her and he did not want that
Oh, im just suprised never seen holiday special that high beforw
No, he was loosly defending himself. If he wanted to he could of destroyed her
Also Luke was not trying to beat her he was defending himself.
Well u/kjatwork had an argument, if you are going to disagree your have to present a counter argument just saying no does not contribute to anything.
The first clip of him like looking disappointed is from the press conference in the beginning of December. People are shipping it as being after red carpet but it's not. Mark was tired in that he had that face the whole time the whole cast was weird they were probably jet lagged

Edit: spelling.
Wow looks like you really hate the clone wars to rank the holiday special above it lol
If you want to disagree why don't you state a counter point instead of just dismissing the argument? 

We can have a constructive conversation it's not hard.
Made that scene allot better now. I still kinda think the romance was forced tho
Huh, i did not notice this. That's a good observation. Changed my perspective on the scene
The theme in failure. That not always the good guys will do everything right and that has consequences.

Also the fact that no matter how big your failure giving up wont fix anything we can move on from our failures and be an example got others so people don't make the same mistakes we did.

I also liked how luke became the legend the galaxy needed even tho he couldent realistally be the legend they actually wanted he became the spark of hope for the new rebellion and accomplished his journey.
the thing is that luke had met vader as an evil person and then saw the good in him. he saw the good in a evil person. he had also just met vader.

with ben he knew ben probably helped raise ben and trained him. when he sees darkness in ben its different then vader. he sees darkness in ben when he knew ben from a young age. its the opposite of vader. and this was only a moment he regretted it immediately 
why do you have to ruin the thread man?
Shhhhhh, don't use logic it scares them.
Your is true. What makes me sad to is the fighting that's going on and people being jerks
I can't decide if i like tfa or tlj more. I have to watch it more times
I love that analogy
You will never find a more wretched hide of scum and vilany we must be cautious
See we all wear blinders.
Hum okay.

Why dident the imperials shoot down the escape pod in ANH? They had just invaded a cruiser and see an escape pod why take the risk? Plus its a universe full of droids someone should think there might be a droid in that pod.

Also why dident the death star just blow up the plannet instead of trying to aim for the moon?

How is it that that a futuristic galactic empire builds a superweapon with such a fatal flaw?

Why dident this empire with incredible resources deploy a larger amount of ties to defend there superweapon that has a huge flaw?


Hum looks like all these movies have "plot holes" again if we are going to call one out we must call all of them out. 

Also i would like to see the 7 year old call out the holes i would like to see u prove that.
Do you want to start taking about the flaws in the OT because they have flaws too.

We all wear blinders man. 

These movies are all kinda dumb if you really think about it.

If you don't like the last Jedi that's fine but stop attacking people who do. 

If your going to say this movie had flaws you need to realize the OT also does.
The stupidity here just absolutely facinates me. 


If i hadn't seen worse on this sub the past week i would say it's satire
Yep. The most fascinating part is most people in this movie had massive failures so calling the females powerfull is not even correct.
How racist and sexist do you have to be for female and minority character's to offend you this much?

People like you is part of what is wrong with the world. 

Okay i can see most of the flack this movie gets some i agree with some i don't.

But people like you are just idiots. Screw you people
Luke was ashamed and very much so. 

Why would he tell a person he just met his greatest mistake the thing that made him hide the thing he most regrets?
Is a fictional mysterious
Power. The movies never specify rules for what can and can't be done. We just see people using the powers no limits were ever set.

You yourself are setting such limits.

Nothing wrong with introducing new powers.
Maybe the over serving
Arcing story is but there are a few flaws that put it before empire
I think he wants power. He wants to be recognized he wants to feel important.
I think yoda had allot to do with that tho.

I believe he hadent spoken to yoda for a while because he shut himself off from the force so yoda gave him that last push
Snoke was going to kill her if it was not for kylo.

She was on the run the entire fight with kylo only at the end she calmed herself and got the upper hand.

Like i said to rey has emotional distress the whole time to.
what about his death did you not like?

i found him staring at the binary sun and becoming one with the force was great.

it would be cool for him to have gone to crait physically and pulled a obiwan but i like the way it was done better.
i think its like what mark said. this story is not about them its about new characters.

i like the way luke went.

and han doesent bother me either it developed kylo, and also was a good end for him trying to save his son
i have a coworker like this....

he started complaining about tlj saying it was sjw i just walked away and left him talking

Edit:why am i being downvoted?
i hate the sjw criticism so much. screw them honestly
you know i can see all of those are opinions but 7 pisses me off so much.

many times 7 is related to Mary sue criticism too.
great observation. i like it
Darkness rises and light to meet it.

Let the past die its the only way to become what you were ment to be.

The best teacher failure is.
Lol yeah he was Wasn't he
you can say the same about kylo with rey.

Rey goes through difficulties all the time she goes through emotional struggles etc rey is a mess.


sure rey learns a few force powers with ease. but so does luke. 

Luke dident have any training when he blew up the death star

How does luke know how to grab the lightsaber in the wompa cave? 

who taught Luke to force jump?

who to taught luke how to force choke?(this definitely was not yoda)

Edit: accidently said force joke lol

Edit 2: how did luke even know about force choke?
God forbid a character have flaws or you know change....

I dont see the problem here. Luke doesent need to be perfect nor does he need to be the exact same character he was in rotj. It's been 30 years.

He is an impulsive guy he always was he was going to strike down vader but he dident last moment same thing with ben he dident last moment. With the tree he also was being impulsive.

  Luke knew ben sense he was young and he trained ben. he knew ben very well and probably helped raise him. When he sees darkness in ben its different then when he sees good in vader. He just met vader and sees the good in him.

Now imagine the emotional impact of having a moment of impulse a mistake and then causing the deaths of all your students and everything you created that destroyed luke emotionally.

Also as he says the galaxy treats him as this super powerful legend the Galaxy holds him as much more powerful then he actually is. He feels embarrassed to go back because he knows he cant live up to peoples expectations

All this kills luke emotionally its completely logical that he reacts how he does
i disagree with mostly everything you said. but answer me this.

When did Luke have any formal light saber training? the only thing remotely close to light saber training he had is on the falcon with the ball thing for what 1 minute? 

so how the hell did Luke defeat Darth Vader someone literally conceived by the force? what went through formal light-saber training at the Jedi academy and also killed most of the jedi? he had no light saber training. for all we know Luke never even was in a fight before meeting obi wan.

Rey had to learn to defend herself on Jaku.

im just saying if you are going to call Rey a Mary sue you need to hold Luke to the same standard
No unfortunately not. They think it's funny.
My theater laughed at all jokes
Just think for a seccond. Luke knew ben sense he was young and he trained ben. he knew ben very well and probably helped raise him. When he sees darkness in ben its different then when he sees good in vader. He just met vader and sees the good in him.


Now imagine the emotional impact of having a moment of impulse a mistake and then causing the deaths of all your students and everything you created that destroyed luke emotionally.

Also as he says the galaxy treats him as this super powerful legend the Galaxy holds him as much more powerful then he actually is. He feels embarrassed to go back because he knows he cant live up to peoples expectations 


All this kills luke emotionally its completely logical that he reacts how he does
I liked the jokes. They were fine. The po one in the beginning went a bit to far. 


And i could do without the slapstick with the caretakers.
I don't even see it as a joke tbh
As if star wars was not always about selling toys...
I said after tfa that kylo is what anikan should of been. And i have just confirmed that notion
What you want? I gave you an answer and your ignored it. We're not going any were here
was just on the mega thread its pretty fine there today
Poe had been demoted. Why would she tell him after what he did why would she trust him?
Yeah i thought that too but then we wouldn't get Luke and leia reunion
Or why dident the empire blow up the escape pod in ANH. There were no life forms but should they really take that chance?

All these movies have plot holes but it really doesn't matter to the story.
I actually love this explanation. Falls in love with why snoke died to arrogance.
He saw the darkness in him. I suppose luke also saw a vision of the future of what ben would do.

This would be q good callback to the prequels, were anikan had visions of padme suffering and dying and in trying so save her he caused it.

Luke saw visions of what ben would do and ultimately by trying to stop it he caused it.
the bundle is the special editions.  If you dont already know the special editions have a few(controversial among fans ) changes. but its mostly still the same movies. Unfortunately its hard to find the theatrical releases. you can google de-specialized editions if you want that
No that's not what I'm saying. 

What I'm saying is it's better when the fanbase likes the movie as a whole. It's more fun that way. Other then the fanbase being devided.

I'm not trying to say that people who don't like it should pretend to like it.
No need to be a jerk bro. A lot of people had that question.

Edit:spelling. im bilingual
I would take this a step further and say. If any movie of the OT came out today star wars fans would hate it to.


All Star wars movies have many flaws. If you really think about it star wars is dumb as hell.

But we still love it and over look the flaws. 

Why can't we overlook the flaws of the ST like we do for the OT is beyond me.

Oh and yeah this will get downvoted like hell but you know I'm right
God i actually haven't stoped to think about that yet. God now im scared too
There is nothing wrong with having your own opinion. But don't you think it's great when people come together and love the same thing?
Luke dident leave a map. Tfa crawl says: a map with a clue to lukes were abouts...

 It's a clue, being that they figured out were he was.
You cant make promises on the internet man
The mutual love for star wars it's what makes it awesome.

That's what i go to a packed theater for,thats why i go to celebration or galactic nights to be with people that are all passionate about the same thing.

And this is what this subreddit should be.

Fine ofc the movie has flaws but cant we discuss them and talk about them constructively? Why do much hate and negativity towards each other? 

I dident use reddit for weeks to avoid spoilers and i get out of the movie exited to see what people though and i see  this subreddit at war and burning down. 

I feel like Luke seeing his academy burning down.

All this has just left an awfull taste in my mouth.
God forbid a character have flaws or you know change....

I dont see the problem here. Luke doesent need to be perfect nor does he need to be the exact same character he was in rotj. It's been 30 years.

He is an impulsive guy he always was he was going to strike down vader but he dident last moment same thing with ben he dident last moment. With the tree he also was being impulsive.


I don't see how this ruins luke.
Well yeah with so many people theorizing one is bound to get it right
The crawl in tfa says  "where an old ally has discovered a clue to Lukeâ€™s whereabouts" 

We are told it's a clue not that Luke left the map behind. 

People knew Luke was looking for the last Jedi Temple so the map is to that.
And what's Wrong with that? Anikan was also a nobody. I don't see the problem here
The battle of scarif if still the best battle.
Yeah but if you don't want spoilers why would you click this thread?
Just avoid Reddit man best thing you can do
Florida would like a word
Carrie died after they finished filming. They promised they wouldent change ep8 because of it.
Yep
Oh, in that case i agree.
I don't think you realize how advanced computer science is
My friends are all introverts and want to stay home playing video games so even if i invite them they won't come
Yeah i agree and even more reason to ignore the last episode were all the character development and everything you said is just thrown down the drain....
Yes he is
I will upvote things i disagree with but i will downvote things that are just flat out ridiculous or morally outrages, or someone just being a A-hole

For example I'll upvote someone catering to EA.

But I'll downvote some one saying that a verizon store employee is somehow responsable for what the company decides.
Dan's wrong
Cause it's so easy to quit your job and find another one right?
Use pocketcast Google play podcast support kinda sucks
yeah, and every awkward situation just makes u feel worse and worse and everything builds up
Still ridiculous. It's a funeral man. Not everyone will lighten up
That funeral thing is completely ridiculous
I'm doing it to the 8th that's the world premier in California.
Then let's get the pitch forks
Hey maybe he actually had the same idea as the original. 


Like it's pretty rare for people to lie on the internet.

/S 

Seriously tho it's possible
I'm i out of the loop on something i feel that I'm missing something here
You must be new to the internet. It's a wonderful place were if some one disagrees with you it automatically make you retarted.
One could argue that the flaw in the death star was due to the empire ignorance and beleiving that it was impossible for a rebel force to accomplish that. That being the reason why they sent so little tie fighters against the rebel fleet. 


That being said i like what rogue one did
But December and may are more then the others
I'm not posting the image. It's my homescreen that uses that. I just used the wallpaper.
[https://i.imgur.com/23L6BrA.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/23L6BrA.jpg)
Yep that's from cortex
Well none of the characters in Justice league were developed not even Batman. He has his movie but that character is old and not developed. We're just supposed to guess why he is so pissed and darker now using guns and murdering people.

Only character that's developed it's wonder women
Oh yeah. Better blond
He picks it up but its not clear if he switches it
Yep
Maybe he switched it in thor ?
Ik i read the rules and already bought the logo from a user of the sub
TIL
Yep, and thats 10 dollar gift card per google home mini so if you buy 3 you get a 30 dollar gift card plus you also get a 20%off coupon
Oh it is but i have no self control so i clicked any way
Thanks
Hum. I remember there was a phone that had a oled display that passed i can't remember which
Yeah i think so. i think it was the note 8 and iPhone x. But they are the only ones to do so
Well i think it was the note 8 or iphone x passed the burn test and they both have oled
That's the joke lol
Is this Florida seems like Florida
Yeah man i  hate this little bastard
Why because hes black?
That is messed up
Don't underestimate Comcast
yeah that would work better lol
Well there are conflicting things about her. He told the guy in the bar she died but told eleven he drew her away. But i think she is dead
We could go to war with Prequel memes
What's so unbelievable about this? My boss buys us pizza when we work late..
It's good but the blood looks like a mustache
We have a demogorgin
Don't challenge me ill do it lol

Edit: i dropped this /s
Yeah but it's still funny
Yeah man. And its such a young actor it's incredible
Will and eleven are incredible actors. Elevens facial expressions are awesome.

Edit: Auto correct made that sentence awful
Well no people still like mcu. And dead pool and loan. I love dc but these movies are disappointing
I don't understand why the cgi lools bad. Like it's 300 million dollar movie what they do with the money?
Tell me about yourself
This. I'm not a fan of apple but i about the marketing is incredible
Idk why but i like that movie
Battery technology
It's this legal?
Screenshot
Do you actually beleive that players will get a sense of accomplishment by playing several hour to get an item some 12 year old got day 1?
It is only because the bottom is visible screen area
He did not like what he said was true from a certain point of view
Upvoted it's you're opinion you have the right to it.
Because it was so massive war  they skipped one and called it two

/s
You don't know the power of the day and I'm going to have a great time
Some one is Rich
Fifaa
My dumbest thing is i posted a picture of my first paycheck to Facebook. I blocked out the name and amount but dident block out the account and routing number...
Exactly for most people cheap=bad.
In that case release order is better. The thing i haven't decided yet is were to put RO
I second this machette order keeps all the twists in tact. Assuming she hasn't been spoiled already
Look at this[https://i.imgur.com/Nm5SX5a.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/Nm5SX5a.jpg)

Pixel xl and regular same angle but xl is blue as hell. I tested it it turns blue at 15 degrees
Well ive accepted it by now.
I take my phone with me when i poop. When I'm done i wipe with it.
You asked for it
LOL
what happened in 2016?
you must be new here you cant make promises on Reddit. We will hunt u down and make you eat that DVD. i'm screenshot this and coming back on Oscars day.



During the Superbowl a reditor said he would eat his hat if the patriots won the game, poor guy had to delete his Reddit account, legend says hes still hiding to this day.

RemindMe! March 4 2018
That's just absolutely ridiculous.
A girl pushed me away from the water fountain i got mad the second i yelled at her a teacher walked by and i got in trouble
Nope. I only started doing it recently shes always been a jerk
im not op but the problem with those emotions is that they are hard to control even with logical evidence 
yeah this advice is good. and it works when your not attracted to the girl. like i have great (platonic) relationships with plenty girls. but if i find her hot or have any attraction i cannot talk to her anymore.

its not so much of her being attractive its if i start thinking about it 
So does Snapchat
It had the screen problems. Maybe it just doesn't get much attention because Google is bigger then lg
I have a 70yo co worker the dude work's overtime from 5am to 6 or 7pm. He also says he sleeps late. The dude does not look tired at all at any point.
Sounds good I'll check them out
yeah, ive been diving into the cannon EU. ive read the aftermath trilogy. bloodline,a certain point of view, and legends of luke skywalker. there all good. 

i haven't watched clone wars and rebels yet because it seems it childish?
would that be true is it to childish?
Not op but i would prefer Cannon
thinking about your comment you are correct. 

Altho it would be cool to see some one use both sides of the force without falling completely to the dark and even cooler seeing someone try and fail. 

We do know that it is possible to return from the dark so using the dark does not completely break you.

All tho when vader was redeemed he died..


Well i guess we will have to wait and see what happens next month  

well that is better then the money
not really. luke used the dark side to defeat vader in ROJ. he used his anger to strike down Vader, he then throws his light saber away refusing to go any further. Rey also uses the dark side in the force awakens to defeat kylo, she is using anger throughout the fight.
Not to rain on your parade but even losing billions they still have billions. You probably don't have a million ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚
I always think of anikan when i drink yuengling
I was going up upvote you but as per your request I'll downvote just to make you happy
You go ahead and tell a women she should clean more and see if you Survive to reply to my comment
S8 plus, fingerprint scanner in middle of back (like pixel) pixel software and camera.
No it's not an opinion. Some people can't see the difference but it's a fact that the note 8 display is better
So can i but still wake up before alarm
Hum i forgot about those. Still i think it was a joint effort.
My point is how can samsung have been beaten if they themselves made the display? I think in terms of the display this must of been a joint effort between the two for it to be this good because this is the first time Apple has a OLED.
Samsung makes the display for the iPhone.....
I was born on the internet and I have a few things to do in the morning and then I will be able to get it to you. You can do it for me.
Ohh yeah.
As an american i wonder the same
Sure they all apart of the same story line tho?
I think it was good because it was allot better then the other dc movies. It's great when u compare it to other dc but by itself its just good
I think the USSR food first
I'm going to get downvoted but spelling every single word correctly. 

This is the internet man it's not a legal document.
danget take my upvote
Doesent mean they arent hostile
I hope you have him a treat
No i was going to post this. But i got lazy
Plot twist he is serious.
He's reversing the ask reddit about straight people doing gay things
Htc one s
Nexus 4,
Moto x 2014
Nexus 6p
Google pixel xl.


Not sure what my next phone will be verizon doesn't have the xl for me to test out the screen. I might wait for the s9
He just puts out the same thing over and over. And its mostly wrong
I forgot about that. The fingerprint scanner on s8 is in a bad position.
Mike zeroh
That's exactly the question he is asking
Galaxy s8+

Stock android(pixel software)

Better speaker

Bigger battery


Edit: Completly forgot about fingerprint placement. Change battery to fingerprint either in middle of back or under screen.
Why you assume he's american?
Be carful not to choke on your aspirations
General resposti
Well i do now
funny thing is thats a digital watch face
But future you will be playing Mario
Update when parents find out?
Good bot
!Remindme 5 hours, make popcorn and return to this thread
I'm not sure why your getting downvoted your not trolling your stating your opinion.

Well i thought it was a well made movie better then the prequels. 

I also don't think it's s copy of episode 4.

The movie was fun and entertaining. I like rey as a character. I like fin.
Pocket casts, audible.
Yes i love episode 7
yes, but the cat died of old age
And my cat had a exam
Thanks
Cool here is mine[https://i.imgur.com/FzV2U7N.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/FzV2U7N.jpg)
Haven't gotten mine yet. Did you ever get a shipping email? I got the email saying order confirmed hit no shipping email
You should get that checked man sounds like you have a problem there
I think at this point its principle. It's 900 for a phone that's less durable then last year and is marketed as premium.

Last year was just better man. I'm considering not getting the new pixel this year. 

I was defending the pixel till today but now it's too much.
Yeah i was defending the pixel this year but after this i can't do it any more Google crapped the bed this year big time. 

I'll keep my first gen till the s9 comes out or get an s8.


Yes i need to change my flair....
Yep
elaborate? 

what?how? did you see the movie? how can you say destroying star killer base is the main plot? if you say that you don't pay attention.

Plus if you don't like the movie great that is your right you have your opinion but why are you on this thread then? why are you attacking people who enjoy it?

you want me to elaborate on how its not a retread of ANH okay i will.

Light saber story arc,defecting storm trooper, dark sider struggling with the pull to the light side,female force user. 


It does have a few plot simularities to all 3 OT movies. but its not a retread.

Im not going to waste my time writing on how i disagree with you but there you go.


That was not the main plot tho
This is the first start wars movie I've seen in theaters and every time i see this trailer i get chills.
So your telling me some one lied on the internet? 

It's that even legal? 

Like what should we do about this?

People never lie on the internet.
well would you look at that. looks like my bad grades in math when i was in school finally made me embarrass myself on the internet
Nope,151,600 people die each day and 360,000 births per day. And you only blink 28,800 times a day so you would have to blink 12 times for some one to be born and 5 times for some one to die. So just blink less often
How so?
How did he survive?
This it's what this sub is made for
Lots of people get away with that.
like the other user said, he does have a reason to lie. this is a big spoiler if true. if he dodges the question its kinda like he is confirming it so sometimes the best outcome i to lie your but off
JJ said khan was not in start trek.... And we know what happened there
Star wars minute. They break down the star wars movies minute by minute. Every episode is s minute of start wars.
How do you know that without watching the movie? 

What leads you to believe that. Rey training? Atat's

If so how is that indicative of what the movie will be about?
Are we still on this? Do you still beleive last jedi will retread empire? 

I hope being sarcastic
i like him more then the porgs actually

is that a yes? if so antagonist does not mean what you think it means.

a person who actively opposes or is hostile to someone or something; an adversary. so basically the bad guy

Just because a character becomes a bad guy  in the future does not mean he is a bad guy in the present.

If some how you predicted the future and found out i was going to commit a crime in 20 years,does that mean i'm a criminal now?
okay  im going to go by the logic you are presenting. 

if rey goes to dark side in 8-9 would that mean she is the antagonist in 7?
Great. Got chills
They forgot to bleep out the f-bomb at the end
Oh well, i was late then.
no, my post was a link to the you tube video.
I dont think thats what it is.
well funnily enough in the old EU. there was a clone of luke calle luuke that was evil. but no i dont want this to happen
i wondder what it could mean
all aboard the hype train.


Ryan should tweet explaining himself cause every one is freeking out over something he never said....
The director did not say to pull back. Why is every one saying this today? 

He said if you want to go in clean.... Don't watch it... But it is good.


He's saying that if you're a person that avoids trailers u dont need to feel compelled to watch it.

Ryan never said it contained spoilers.

Edit:spelling
Maybe he means sms fallback
He didn't say it contained spoilers, he said if you want to go in clean avoid it.
Not my experience because i was born a jw. But my dad became a jw because they spoke to him and every question he asked they answered in his Bible. He says that he was baptists at the time and he wanted to teach them but they ended up knowing more then him.


Edit: changed baptised to baptist
yeah, i am too. i just might call off work for that.
yes anything
I want to do that. But i know i can't
I don't see that were ?
Lol, i left that out? I ment to mention that to. Well another user already answered so....
They have a list a to z every year i beleive they have two lists to alternate. Once a big hurricane comes that name gets retired and replaced example: andrew,katrina,wilma,irma maria
Well, i find it useful. Quikly checking my notifications without having to pull out my phone. Many times it's weird to pull your phone out. Also fitness and sleep tracking.
I build airplane windows. (The inside part).

Well i do the final build and the glass panels come 90% scratched. 

Someone's to get ahead we clean the glass panels and put them on the shelf only to clean them again on final build. 

It's super annoying because allot of them are scratched and they have to be perfectly clean.
Not very expensive but $300 smart watch. I love it tho
Being serious all the time is boring plus life has enough problems you have to sweeten it up with humor.
i never knew that before i saw that gif a few weeks ago.
Mens razors have an extra blade on the back.
Pixel XL 2. I really just cant do IOS.
i dont see the difference between this and what we already have. do you mean a adapter that connects the headphone stronger then to the phone?
well maybe if the adds weren't intrusive and getting in the way of me using the site i wouldn't have to use one now would i? 

not sure if the site mentioned has intrusive adds but many do.
judging by his desk im going to take your word on that
i cant believe this. have you ever asked him why? if so what did he say?
the only problem i have with your theory is that ben is feeling the pull to the light in TFA. He is actively trying to be on the dark side he was not seduced by it.
I use a bumper case so i see the color every day.
No let him be
im not making this mistake again this year.lol chose very silver pixel last year(wanted blue) still regret it..
i cant order, cant get passed subtotal screen

Does it get slow after some time? Is it fast? I hear it gets slow after a few months would that be true?
You will know in 3 hours
Nope last year launched with 7.1
I came here for this. You sir after great
Let's to take this even further your hating on the stranger hating on the stranger
I think so too
He said hypothetically
Holy crap man these are incredible
does making it do my job for me count?
this made the front page? i have just seen it on new posts for like 3 days 
really? do you have a source to there not being a cliff hanger?

Yeah but LGS making the phone i don't see how it feels Google with design.

I don't mind i can live without the jack. I'm getting the new pixel because of stock Android and easily unlockable bootloader.
I have no idea why Google is doing it. I think they are doing it just to look more like Apple.

Idk why they are doing this but w/e.
It's not necessarily that i don't like my job. It's that i don't like the people. You can check my pay to r/ofmychest to see what i go through.


Edit: Link to post https://www.reddit.com/r/offmychest/comments/739als
> A remarkable new study claims that cow farts may be a much bigger factor in climate change than scientists previously realized.
I looked the soundtrack for RO but it took a few times to listen to it to like it.

I was initially disappointed because it would start classic star wars style and then go a different direction.
Yeah we know what happens but have to idea why
We don't know the true nature of gravity. We don't know why it exists or what causes it.
this all seems fine, but how do we explain the force ghost in ROTJ?
i dont understand one thing, anakin became a force ghost in ROTJ
how would you explain that? 
yeah and uber should too
fair enough.
could be but whats the point in that?
por que no los dos?
i think he means front seat, which would also be wrong unless the front space is just empty but then it would still be a front seat
making airplane windows(inside only) 

The Y-Wing is made from scrap
I see it so looks like your not banned
have you ever gone on those rides that take you up and drop you?

some people take a penny and rest it on there lap, the penny rises when the ride drops.

this is happening in your body your insides are moving around and that's what you feel. 

edit:changed organs to insides to make it simpler for a 5 year old to understand
funny thing is this might actually come true
that a movie is to long. if its entertaining i don't care how long it is
i had a big back yard and my dad built a swing set with a slide and a tree house type thing.

it was something similar to this http://www.easternjunglegym.com/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/1000x/040ec09b1e35df139433887a97daa66f/t/r/tree_house_playground_with_slide_ft5_main.jpg

i would climb up to the top and spend all day there.

i remember that i was afraid to go down slide and also come down from with the latter because it was high.

we also had a grape vine that i would pick and eat in the fall.

and also a hill in the back yard that i would slide down in the snow.


come to think of it i had a pretty awesome childhood lol thanks for reminding me OP
i find both curvy and what you described attractive. 

the thing about curvy girls that turns me off is that they tend to be stuck up. and a girl being stuck up is something i really don't like.

i think personality maters allot
the google way.

Introduce cool new feature

Dont market it at all

it fades away because average joe doesent know it exists

rebrand and imporve feature and rerelease it


or 
Introduce cool new feature

Dont market it at all

it fades away because average joe doesent know it exists

Apple introduces same feature

Rename it to what apple calls it re release it again now it looks like you copied apple


I've heard some were that that map is bs
What pisses me off the most about this it's that i was not complaining or did i stop working, she asked.
Not really since the bigger one had tiny bezels
Well it's just the inside part that i work on, just the shade,(like a electric curtain. So the worst that can happen is ur shade wont go down and you will have to fly with the sun in your face.
My mom has an s7 hand the frame drops bother me allot. I hope Google suprises us with something tho
I love Google and will probably buy this phone but yes you are right. I love suck Android can't stand lg and Samsung software so this is the best choice for me. If only there was a Google play edition of the note 8.
My manager from my old job. She was insecure, she we would Blaim every error of the office on me.(we worked front desk of a school it was us two at the front.

One example is she had a binder on her desk(verry important) she went to the bathroom and lost it she started blaming me saying that i should of watched it or that i must have grabbed it and didn't remember(she left for 5 minutes) turns out she put it on the shelf behind her.


Another example of her arrogance is one day i was not feeling well but i was working fine she said

"you look sad something wrong?"

I said"no i don't feel well, my best friend is in the hospital with yellow fever he probably going to die"(he did die 2 days after)

She then says"that doesn't matter no need to be sad people die every day. You have to leave problems at home" 


I was not even complaining she asked me how i was......

Edit spelling
Maybe they assumed idk lol. They always discouraged cheating tho lol
Most likely those are not 3 different hard drives.  You have 3 partitions. Take a screenshot and post here what u see
Username checks out
Are u defining 3 drives cause thats what u see in windows or u have 3 separate hard drives?
It really depends some time it's not instant. Someone's you start distancing out for whatever reason. Or there personality slightly changes with time.


I guess you could say that if that's the case they weren't your best friend but that's what happens sometimes.
Not that big but that i cheated on school.
Better question would be what's not wrong with society. 

People trying to constantly run over each other, constant pissing contest and people thinking they are better then others.

To some it up people are selfish and don't care about any one but themselves.

Example: every war ever

The fact that we can destroy ourselvesâ€‹ easily with a nuclear conflict shows what's wrong with society 


.
Sarcasm?
My job we are assembling airplane windows. And many people do different steps. Ive been blamed because the previous person messed up they said i should've noticed. We were never trained to check the work before. Obviosly if the mistake was obvious we would notice but....


Edit: spelling
If it was my job i would some how still get blamed. They world say"you don't pay attention you should of double checked.
Just a video i made about my experience with social anxiety.
Dang it op ur on fire today
Yes OP is uncomfortable but he did say that he must have made the guy think he is interested. And now OP just wants to reverse that not really the person's fault.

As to the taking up time thing it seems you have a strong opinion on that. If it makes you feel better we don't really do it in business that much for this reason.

I guess we can end this. all I'm trying to to is show the other side of the coin.

All we want to do with the preaching work is help people. We never want to bother them in any way or force them to do anything. 

If you don't want a JW just tell them to not peach to you anymore that will make them stop.
i ment artificial chemicals. 
okay i admit i did misinterpret what you said. you didn't say that we are forcing our beliefs.

That being said in OP's situation engaging in conversation with the employees is normal in OP's job. and the JW in this situation is just doing that but talking about the bible.

I would also assume that the JW here is shopping and the conversations are short maybe 2 minutes and while OP is helping  him and he simply taking the opportunity to talk about the bible. I don't believe that this JW walks in there just to preach to OP. OP did say he is a regular customer. 

An example of this a JW might be ordering at dunkin donuts and offer a tract to the cashier.this is not a standard but it could happen.

When we do preach in business we try not to take the employee's time try to go when it's **not** busy and maybe just leave a tract with the person at the front desk or leave a few magazines there for customers(with owner permission). In business we don't want to take anyones time.

My original argument was in OPâ€™s situation were small talk does occur. 

But yes if a JW did walk into a business just to preach and is preventing the employees from doing their jobs yes you are correct but this shouldn't happen and if it does the ones who do that are in the wrong.


edit: patch ups to words and argument. And when it's not busy.
killing yourself is never the answer dude.

think about your family you may not feel like it but there are people out there who care about you.

most people who have attempted suicide have regreted ever trying.


if you want to talk feel free to PM me and ill listen and try to help anyway i can
organic does not mean healthy it means that chemicals werent used in the production of the ingredients.

Edit:Artificial Chemicals 
Por que no los dos?
Well yeah,  if you told them to stop and they did not then they would be Wrong. 

But that's not common or standard.
No problem bro, just trying to show the other side of the coin is all.
The way you put it makes it sound like we are forcing the person to listen to us and if we did do that you would be right. 

If the employee was straight up and said"im not interested,or please dont talk to me about this subject anymore" we will leave them alone. 

It's not stealing time if they are giving us attention and not dismissing us. 

You cant expect a jw to automatically know if someone is not interested if they dont say it especially if they are listening. Different people react in different ways.

Like I've said before if you don't want to talk to a jw just say so and they should move on its really that simple.
You don't need to feel awkward. He won't be offended. Some people are totally rude and we just apologize and move on. Just do what the other redditor said and it will all go smoothly trust me.
Well there are a number of variables here. OP said he is being supper nice because he is at work. He dident really give to many signals the JW could also have a harder time seeing these signals if they are being given.  But as long as your straight up and honest with a jw he will go about his way. By no means do we want to enforce our beleifs on any one. This guy thinks OP is interested and thats why he keeps returning.
We don't force our beleifs on anyone. If you say no we will leave you alone and respect that.
Well but your not refusing his service your just refusing his preaching. It happens to us all the time some people don't want to listen and that's fine your not obligated to listen. 

I for one have encountered many rude people. Then i just apologize and leave. 

Maybe "hey i like you allot but im not interesting in a bible study or anything"
I'm a jw. If you really don't want him to talk about the Bible with him just tell him straight up. He will respect your decision. He might come back within a year or two just in case you changed your mind. 

I don't see why he would stop being your customer tho.

Just say your not interested anymore, be honest. 

Edit: spelling
I would throw it out to be sure
They showed a hacker on a tv show and then the camera showed the computer screen.And it had the some simple html code as the "hacking"
r/askwomenadvice


r/relationships


Try there you might be able to get help better then you would here.
Lol i always get those 3 confused but this is Reddit who cares? It's not like I'm writing a legal document
I do to and people tell me it's weird but u don't care if it's something i want to see i go
Going to the movies. Idk why its considered wierd to go alone. You cant talk in the theater so why is it bad to go alone?
Looks like some one loves there job
mamamia
this is my dad lol. he would always pressure everyone but was the last to get ready
i think its misdirection to cause speculation. they want us to think shes his daughter 
I feel for you man
You make a cool post and get downvoted to hell but then someone one else makes the same post a day later and makes the front page
Back when i wanted news about the nexus 6p there were amas about it. After that i kept returning.
I make jokes about it and point it out to my female friends
When you can see bones
I've almost peed in the yeah can in the kitchen several times idk why.
Here's the issue tho. If the plane falls your most likely screwed. If you crash your car you might still survive
Since iphone is for mainstream average joe i imagine how they going to get used to all the gestures
It facinates me that we are not sure exactly what is in our own solar system
It doesn't necessarily have to be the story. Maybe something on that time line. Or just rewrite the story. They already twisted some of legends and did there own turn so why not with KOTOR
Oh i hope so. I just would love it too be love action
Knight of the old republic. Or a movie about the origins of the Jedi and Sith
Actually a fleet of death stars was one of the drafts for episode 6
BYOB-System of a down
The overcharging thing is a mith. Yes it's set to take a certain amount. Actually it never reaches 100% for real, more like 90-95%. When u keep it on the charger it will stop charging when its full then once it gets lower it will start again.

Edit: To clarify i dont mean this was never a problem before(it was). It just is not a problem any more
A comment
This. Unfortunately us the fastest and most effective way. If you like someone the more contact you have with them the more you feed you feelings. So the less contact you have the easier it will be.
And its in mint condition
I did that it's great now
Good bot
I took a weekend off and every post was about raping coconuts...

I've never been more confused in my life
I used to work at a HS. People thought i was a student volunteer.
I used to work at a hs. The girls did not accept me as staff and also hit on me.
There's a freeking category 4-5 huricane about to hit me. And my job wants us to be ready to work Monday off needed.

Literall quote by HR. "Oh we will have power we are by the university and power, be prepared to come monday"

They barley gave us the day off today... 

They made us put shutters on there building tuesday

They gave us one day to prepare for ourselves

I would be indifferent to this but the bosses and much of HR left monday out of state...
Google photos
This thread should be fun. Grabs popcorn
But what's the fun in enjoying the joke? I think questioning OP makes Reddit even funner
I think my 9 year old  niece can Photoshop a pic  to make it look like Snapchat
My hairy behind he does. This is reposted every hurricane since like 2007
As soon as possible for obvious reasons
thanks man that helps. its a bit late now, we all have to work tommorow. im trying to make myself do it tommorow ill update how it goes
Well, you just wouldn't wake up
Your on the wrong sub dude.
I thought the iPhone was going to use lg display
Better characters... It's treason then
idk man. even my best friend i would feel weird going in the stall with. im a guy btw. maybe this is just a girl thing
Great now i have no productivity thanks
Hum i see the convinience but don't you want privacy while in the stall?
I completely agree.  I don't see why this is racist.