Bring a towel and a change of clothes to work.   Dry shampoo works wonders too.
I've never really been all that visible so not much has changed now that I'm 57.   That's fine by me too.
Bartolo Colon is the GOAT.
I was at this game!  Trivia time!  This was also the last game for The Montreal Expos and the last Mets outing for John Franco.

Also the deserved Mets swan song for Art Howe.

Todd spent one inning as catcher too.

There was a lot going on that day.  The crowd was very into it and there was a nice contingent of Expos fans on hand to say goodbye to their team.
Not me.  The Mets have been a great April team over the years.  Show me the standings like that in August and I'll be just a little hopeful.
It looks promising but I couldn't get it to work.  Seemed to log in to Fitbit but wouldn't sync any data.  Then threw up a series of error messages.  Not a good experience.
And Pebble's WearOs integration that allows it to use contextual responses to notifications and canned responses to text.
The outdoor farmers market on Pleasantville should be starting up soon.  Kieran Farms comes every week and they have very good beef and pork.   Saturday mornings to 1pm by the train station.
PUT IT IN THE BIRTHDAY CAKE!!!
Mop Up Matt
Agon definitely had a day.
Uh oh.... They better give Josh some cake!!
Braves
Keith complaining about messing up his scorecard, complete with on camera view.  Isn't that at least one drink?
Our laugher is better than your laugher!
The Toddfather has spoken!!
Paul "the old Matt Harvey" Sewald
Aerial view of mid-Manhattan.

Fify.
I would think a lot depends on where I showed up.  The experience for a white woman would probably be very different if I showed up in China or somewhere in Africa than it would be if I popped up in Europe or North America.
Putting jello in Dwight's desk.
The correct answer to that is, "Cool!  When did you get your [professional engineering license and can I see your PE Seal](https://www.nspe.org/resources/licensure/what-pe)?"
Computer programming.
Grody to the max.
At work, we call this ready-fire-aim.   

The idea is to not stew over a decision overanalyzing only to make the wrong decision too late.  Better to make a quick wrong decision that can be correctly quickly early on.

Instead, start doing something, anything to get moving on a project, then reassess early and often to make course corrections.   It's pretty much the idea behind agile versus waterfall projects.

In the old days, you'd plan out a software projects by 1. gathering requirements, 2. design, 3. code, 4. test, 5. release.   The path from 1 to 5 could take a year or more.  In the mean time, shit happens, business changes and the requirements you diligently collected back in January could be no longer in force by December.

Instead, keep a running log of requirements, focus on getting to "done" with a few key features at a time, i.e. mini-projects that last only a couple of weeks,  do design/code/test in those two weeks, release, then rinse/repeat with the next set of key features.   
There's a reason for the first bump.  It's really common for people who are immuno suppressed to first bump in order to avoid the germiness of shaking hands.

Learned this from a guy with cystic fibrosis.

Kinda surprised no one mentioned this yet.
New York City says, "300? Yeah that's cute.". We have more  living on our subway cars, not to mention the tunnels.
They can't use Qualcomm for chips anymore either.
They can do whatever they want.  Too bad they can't put Google Play or apps on it anymore though.
Big Love was quirky and interesting for 2 seasons.   Then they just ran out of plot.
I use it to share stuff with family.  That's it.  Makes a great Facebook alternative because it's not Facebook.
Happy that at least it doesn't have a stupid notch.
Honestly that's okay.  What TMobile really needs is coverage.   It's ridiculous that in 2018 there's still a huge block of no signal/no free roaming in the corridor from Pawling to Millerton,NY, for instance.
A plastic bin for the bed/trunk of an SUV or truck is a nice way to protect your vehicle from spills.
Until Google officially announces something, we just don't know.  But I'm hopeful.  Google has a lot to lose by alienating current users.  Hoping they keep things intact in the move to YouTube Mix.
I'm okay with this so long as my playlists are kept, my uploaded music is maintained, and my early adopter $7.99/month price is maintained.
The good guy won.
The movie about him is great.  Worth a watch.
Seriously hard to argue that there's a better pair calling baseball these days than Howie and Josh.
Referring to the imaginary baby born in the US per the post.  Sorry for the confusion.
I use Google Voice app and website exclusively.  Hangouts is no longer involved.
By the time they figure out the bill and insurance for maternity the kids will be old enough to run for president.
The Rick Grimes plot line in Walking Dead.
Nope.  GV follows me to every computer screen and mobile device regardless of carrier.  Why would I give that up?  Also I can use it on a completely SIMless phone.
No one's said it yet so I will.  The term comes from the expression "picking yourself up from your own bootstraps".  Literally the act of self starting.   

Back in the older days of mainframes the computer would start from a special register called the PSW Register (Program Start Word) which held the address of the first instruction to be loaded.   The computer would start operating from that address when it was powered on, then run each instruction in sequence.

It was called IPLing or initial program load but that was not a snappy thing to say.  So, the act of starting the computer eventually became known as bootstrapping or booting for short.

So these days anything that provides a quick and easy way to start a computer project get the bootstrapping metaphor associated with it.
People who toss lot cigarette butts our other garbage out of car windows.
Overeating and overdrinking.   That shit will catch up to you.  

To many of my relatives who died young (I consider dying before 70 to be dying young) were big drinkers and /or had an unhealthy weight.  Most often, both.  Suddenly they were shocked, shocked when told they had diabetes or cirrosis.  

Cut back and get healthy.  The earlier, the better.
Corollary: thinking your college/University or your grades matter after you get your first job.   Seriously, once you're in the workforce very few people care if you went to Harvard  versus Whatsamatta U.  They only care about what you have accomplished and what skills you bring to the job.
Sync devices worked for me.
Between the turbo charger in my car and my Moto Mod independelntly wireless charging battery, I pretty much never use the wall outlet to charge my phone.  

Turbo car charger is a wonderful thing, especially for long rides where you have GPS + music + other stuff running. 
It's really nice to have both.   Moto Z Play ftw.
Not sure I'd call it broken but it could be better and Google's attempts up to this point have been comically scattershot.   Keep in mind that for people in the US, SMS is generally free so people do use iMessage a lot if they have iPhone.  Whatsapp just isn't in wide use here compared to garden variety SMS.  So Android has always looked weak for messaging compared to iPhone here in the States.

But here's my take for now: 

I still do not understand the need for Allo and never will.  I've never really used Whatsapp or any other third party messaging tool save for occasionally using Facebook Messenger for about 3 of my friends.

Google Hangouts was good and I still use it but it's showing its age and now it doesn't do SMS at all except for your Google Voice number.  At one point, it was my "go-to" for all things messaging, but they never really did the integration with Google Voice as well as it should have been and the interface itself is starting to look very old. 

Google Voice (the dialer, not search) is good and surprisingly getting better than it ever was.  I'm okay with this becoming my "second phone number" interface for both phone and SMS.

Android Messages is good and getting better for SMS.

Duo is good for what it does, video, but probably should be merged into Android Messages now. 

I'm definitely looking forward to a much better Android Messages and dropping Hangouts finally.  Just wish Google would get on with it.   
Same for "organic" vegetables.
I took my choice of 7 vegetables in my salad instead of the required 5 today at the local tossed salad place.  They never keep track.  Thus begins my life of crime.
Oh Phillies, never stop being you.
Hooray for streaming recorded version from YouTubeTV!
An I the only one who tends to mispronounce the Rocinante's new name in a totally wrong, but humorous for the seven year old set way?
You need to file a police report.
I have dental implants.  I can tell you that the procedure takes at least 3 visits spread over about 9 months.  So you'd be visiting at least three times, not just once.
Dental implants, good ones, cost quite a bit and aren't necessarily covered by insurance.
Not a big fan of smoking anything.  I like my lungs.
Using a hole punch to double the capacity of your one sided 5 1/4 inch floppy disks.
Winston tastes good like a.....

(Bonus if you remember the tv commercial)
Omg that's classic Keith.
Looks like the bikes my husband and I rented at Cayo Costa State Park in Florida.
Age or pitch speed?
They see it.  They knew it.  People have to stop thinking of IBM as a tech company.  They're not.  They're a marketing and consulting firm.   The product was cloud hype, not the cloud itself.  Same for block chain.  

Research and the remnants of the old SWG will do just enough for IBM marketing to get a few high profile accounts.  They'll do a few one off projects for big bucks then move on to the latest hotness.   This has been IBM's business model ever since they bought PwC consulting.
Chat is not an app.  It's a branding for the Google RCS profile that any app can use.  For instance, Chat will be used by the Android Messaging app.
...and if he's anything like your typical NFLer, he'll be broke by age 40.
Money!   Money from booster organizations to the school, money from NFL scouts from a league that uses these schools as a Minor League of sorts. 


What???  Football players not having to attend classes despite getting huge scholarships?

I'm shocked.  Just shocked.
I talk to myself when working through problems.   This includes a lot of potty-mouth when the problem seems intractable.   
That part of the sentence should read "now".
There is something about Sears and washer/dryers.   I haven't shopped there in over 30 years because back when my husband and I were trying to get a mortgage, I found a late payment mark from Sears on my credit report claiming we didn't pay a credit card bill for a washing machine.   

That we never bought. 

That my parents had purchased.  

And returned.

Got that?  They fucked up my credit score because I allegedly didn't pay for something I never purchased in the first place.  They mixed me up with my parents and further, they "forgot" that my parents had returned the piece of shit washer.

Took them the better part of 2 months to issue an apology and the paperwork to get the bad mark off my credit.

Fuck Sears.

I'm so glad they're a dying company.
CVS.   They have NFC readers that can support Apple/Google Pay but they disabled them in a stupid attempt to get people to use their own abortion of a phone based payment system.

Took all my business and prescriptions to Walgreens, which supports not just the  payment but the loyalty card by nfc, and never looked back.
YAML:   The python of markup languages.  Fuck any language that depends on spacing.
The  dynamic badges available in Nova Launcher are wonderful and actually provide more information.
Seriously?  iOS still does this???  SMH.
It would be nice if Apple also used the same kind of Intents system that Android has.    Sharing stuff between and among apps and allowing different default apps for things like music and navigation is a powerful thing.
I have a Mac for work but just wanted a cheap Google/Android and Netflix machine for my own amusement. The Samsung Chromebook Plus for the bill nicely.
In my case this would be Husband Approval Factor.  I'm the one automating the house.
BBC News is so much better than any news organization that we have here in the States.  
Seawolves?   Gotta be Stony Brook, right?
Index funds mostly.   Buy and hold.
Which is exactly the same kind of advertising you see on Roku, by the way.
I use it quite a bit.  You just might not know it because  I'm typing the question rather than speaking it.
Guess you haven't had a colonoscopy yet.
Why is it that we can fuel jets in the air but my car still requires manual fueling?  Doesn't it seem like you should be able to just press a button and tell a Google Voice/Alexa thing to either fill the tank or buy x dollars worth of gas and it should robotically connect the pump to your gas tank and dispense the amount you've asked for?
They have televisions that play only the seasons of shows after they've "jumped the shark", like this year's Walking Dead or the episodes of All in the Family after Edith died.
Walking 2 miles to work most days instead of taking the subway.  I arrive only a little later but much happier and I get some decent exercise in before I start my day.  
Most of the limitations of Assistant on iPhone are because Apple doesn't open up the features of the phone to 3rd party applications. 
Everyone should be retested every few years.  Not just the elderly.
You get a Wilmer hug!  

And you get a Wilmer hug!

And you!  And you!
Whenever Google puts out something like this, it's not really so much a tool for you as it is a tool for them.  They hone their own search engines by looking for what questions you ask.   Think about it like Jeopardy.  They're looking for the questions they think people can answer by reading books.    They know they have the answers somewhere in there, they need the questions. 
/r/subredditdrama here we come.
WILMER FLORES DAY II !
No.   There is never a bad way to see a baseball game.  Hell, I'll stop and watch Little League and Beer League softball games on a nice summer evening.  
My husband still has is.   Still has a large crack in the screen too.  He refuses to part with it.
Good point.  I did see that and recommended it for my daughter.  Right now, I'm still in the Moto family though, for a different reason.  Hard to beat the battery life on my Moto Z Play. 
Google Music/YouTube Red/YouTube Music

I still pay $7.99/month and get all of that!   Well worth it. 
YouTube TV's DVR feature makes it worthwhile.   
Roku with YouTube TV is very nice.   It's the new cable TV in my house.  Having a real remote control with buttons and ability to sync audio to a headset is very good.
And a pretty nice lake for fishing and boating.  Lake Oneida.
The Moto X  2013, from back when it was small and didn't look like all the other Moto phones.
Also, "Goandownashoar?"   which translates to "Are you going to one of New Jersey's beaches?"
The Russians that run that site have had decades of censorship practice.
Mid-range phones like the Moto Z Play do not have Facebook on them either.  There are choices even in this range.  
Not on all Android phones, just some, like Samsung.  Thankfully, there are other choices.
You might want to ask this at /r/ladycyclists too.   I would recommend looking at 3-5 speed bikes.  They are perfectly adequate for city riding and work pretty well for commuting.  Having a few lower gears really helps the knees.
Nothing can block me from taking a picture with my phone camera though.   My point is that Google can only control what Google can control.  They don't control the computer or even necessarily the browser the note is in, and they certainly can't control anything outside the computer.
Whenever I see something like this that purports to "stop anyone from forwarding", I always ask the question - how do they prevent someone from screen capturing the note and then forwarding the screen capture?

Same goes for the "self-destruct".   Can't I just take a picture of the screen?

NOTHING that is committed to writing is 100% secure.  
I remember back when Tim was announcing for the Mets.  Every now and then I yelled at the tv for Tim to shut up.   He's forever Timsplaining the same thing multiple times.
John Sterling badly missing a call and of course, "y'know Suzyn, you just can't predict baseball!"
Keith Hernandez sighing in exasperation when baseball players get sloppy or lack "good fundies".
Times Square.  Yeah.  That explains it.
The Nats will not win a post season series again?
Precision missile hits after a week's warning wasn't exactly a crippling strike. Assad's still around.  All Trump did was rearrange some rocks.
No.  Just don't buy phones that have it in the first place.  My Moto Z Play never had it.  Never will.
Bagels too
If you passed around links to those sketchy quizzes on Facebook, you deserve to have your private info sold to the Russians.
Actually, the way I understand it, Hannity thinks Fox News has gone soft and he wants to start his own network with Steve Bannon.
People still watch TV?
89% completely ignore the part of installation or usage where the app asks for permissions.
"Exposed" as being an educated person?   

Still reads funny.
"outed as a phD of Statistics".

Really?

It reads like that's a bad, shameful thing to be.
Section 14, row B!  Right behind home plate.
I was at Marlins Park this evening in a crowd that I swear may have been 50-60% Mets fans.   What a great game.  Marlins Park is a pretty cool place too.   Shame they can't get fans to come.  The place was definitely Citifield South tonight.
TERRY COLLINS IS THE BEST SPECIAL ADVISER TO THE GM EVER!
No, the darkness and silence would give me a huge panic attack.  
Also we grew up when being technologically savvy actually meant dealing with the tech, soldering stuff to breadboards, programming in low level languages, dragging heavy disk packs across a room to mount them in a drive.  As someone who worked third shifts capturing workload traces onto 3420 IBM magnetic tape reels, occasionally needing to fix those drives when they got balky, I'm not impressed that you know how to post to Instagram, kid.
It could be.  Depends on the company.   

But, like anything, "Highly improbable" never means "impossible".   It depends how much you want it.  If one company doesn't look friendly to late bloomers, try to find another. 
I'm not going to sugar coat it.  Getting into IT late in the game is difficult.  People our age are pushed out all the time.    But if you do want to get into it, maybe start in QA.  Software testing is always in demand and always in need of adult leadership.
I'm not going to sugar coat it.  Getting into IT late in the game is difficult.  People our age are pushed out all the time.    But if you do want to get into it, maybe start in QA.  Software testing is always in demand and always in need of adult leadership.
I'm not going to sugar coat it.  Getting into IT late in the game is difficult.  People our age are pushed out all the time.    But if you do want to get into it, maybe start in QA.  Software testing is always in demand and always in need of adult leadership.
I'm not going to sugar coat it.  Getting into IT late in the game is difficult.  People our age are pushed out all the time.    But if you do want to get into it, maybe start in QA.  Software testing is always in demand and always in need of adult leadership.
I'm 56.  I'm a software development director.  In my off hours in good weather I do a lot of bicycling with a Meetup group that my husband and I are in.  I'm also a tech hobbyist and voracious reader.  So I have lots to do to keep me busy.
I wonder how much this book is worth now?
I actually quit my job of 31 years the week that episode aired.  I posted on my office door a picture of Peggy in her rad sunglasses with her box of stuff, including the space Allen octopus pleasuring a lady.
Bald eagles are pretty much the seagulls of the Northwest.
If you're going to do that at least use a projection that shows Africa as its actual size relative to North America.
Remember the Cant!
The world is a mess and I just... need to rule it.
Sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee-it.
It is..it is.......it is green!
I speak jive!
"I am a leaf on the wind, watch me so-'
I didn't miss the home run at all.   Came across without a hitch.   Maybe that was your computer?
I was once on a flight where, while boarding, the pilot told the flight attendants to not even bother preparing the carts for beverage service.  "This flight's going to be way too bumpy for that.". 

It was also the first flight I've been on where the attendants did sound genuinely nervous.   The one using the intercom had to stop mid sentence a few times to collect herself.  You could also hear the tension in her voice.

It was quite a flight.   Like being in a roller coaster for 45 minutes.  No fun at all.
The US one is highly variable depending on what part of the country you are in.
Except if you were in a neighborhood where the cable goes out due to snowstorms.
Instead of watching it on your TV through a for pay service.  The  people whining about Facebook are just like those who whined about the Mets games going to paid cable years ago. 

Ironically it sounds like people want the game to appear on Comcast or your other least favorite cable provider?

You're not entitled to free entertainment.  It all has a cost.  And all the networks have some suckage.  Facebook's presentation was a bit too graphics heavy but other than that it was no worse than most.   I missed GKR of course but I was at work and couldn't have the sound on anyway.
All you had to do was to maximize the window and all that commentary went away.  That's what I did with Chrome browser on my mac. It worked fine.
I was computer science student who graduated in 1984.  Mostly I kept up to date with recruiters who were coming to my school and signed up at the job fairs that were held.   From there I got a few call backs that led to job offers.

So I didn't really have to depend on newspapers.  Just bulletin boards.  The real, physical kind of bulletin board, that is.
Wow maybe no reason to keep Hangouts anymore!
That might not be a terrible thing if those rich Republicans start demanding and GETTING the streets resurfaced every so often.  

I lived in Millbrook, NY for 3 years and my street was paved TWICE.

I've lived in Mt. Pleasant for 23 years and have NEVER seen my street improved in any way.   It's a pothole extravaganza, like most of the other streets there.
Hawthorne/Thornwoid/Valhalla - blue collar, cops, firemen live here making it a very safe area.   Also very Italian American. There are something like 6 or 7 pizza places in the stretch of Commerce-Franklin Avenue from Hawthorne Pizza to Pleasantville.  Just as many hair salon and nail places are in the same stretch.   Also the town, Mount Pleasant, is Trump country.  Republicans have run unopposed for at least the last 20 or so years running.  Makes for low taxes compared to other towns but also very few services and the zoning is pretty lax.  

 Contrast that with Pleasantville which is considered more blue/Democratic, a little more affluent.  Pleasantville is Chappaqua's less wealthy neighbor.
This is beautiful.
April Fool's?
That's for IRAs.  I've never heard of anyone not being able to contribute to 401k.   I've been maxing mine out for years now.  
I just adjusted the percentage to make sure I hit it by December 15.  Then for the last paycheck of the year, there would be no 401(K) deposit.  Yes, they just stop paying it once the max it hit.   Most companies have software that does that.    The thing I had to worry about with my new employer was that it used the lower max instead of the catch-up max.

You see, I'm an older employee in a company full of millenials.  So, I was perturbed to see that the company maxed me out at $18,000 when I am actually over 50 and eligible to contribute up to $24,000.  I had to call them to remind them 2 years in a row.  Keep an eye on those pay stubs!
My mom who is wise in all things about raising girls used to say having two girls get together is great, getting three girls together can only end in tears.
I'm 56.  Bullying for girls is and has always been psychological much more than physical.  Even back in the 70s.
$24,500 if you're over 50.
Gotta love that the law making it okay to confiscate your phone upon entry to the US was used against a friend of Trump.
Korea
Not sure I like it.  My brain read it as "Down with bicycles".
Really?  My 2016  Moto Z Play still gets me deep into a second day.  What are these phones that constantly need feeding?
Yeah I'm hoping the fact that I can easily get the $40 promotion from Cablevision instead means that they'll give me the Verizon promo price too.
Verizon
It's been doing that since it was Android Pay.  It might have been doing that back on the original Google Wallet too but I can't remember.  Anyway, been there for a long time.

It's most useful for courtesy cards, as it leaves it their in the notification bar so you don't have to dig for it at checkout.
It connects to 84 in the North and 287 in the South.
No wife but I could use my husband's name.
Finally!   NOW I can get rid of FiosTV!
Or, you know, look outside to see if lights are on....
And a sad commentary on the availability of ice cream in Montreal.
Guess what?  This sometimes works with college scholarships too.   My daughter noticed that her dream school's scholarship was way lower percentage wise than some of her other offers.  She called the admissions office to ask if they could do better.  They bumped her $10K scholarship to $15K.
So.... Same as Amway, Melaluca, Primerica, and a host of other no-we're-a-pyramid-scheme companies.

Here's a tip.  Your first clue that a company is a pyramid scheme is when they deny repeatedly that they're a pyramid scheme.
This is wonderful but is there a stable ROM replacement for Wear24 yet that could be used with this? Preferably one with the latest and greatest WearOS?  If so, that would be wonderful news to those of us who made the $75 or $50 investment.
I always ask.   I carry a pump and a presta/shrader adapter so I know I can help a rider who might be less prepared.
Shower thought:. What if that DVD her lawyer showed is security cam footage of the guy threatening her?
Trump's biggest nightmare.  A porn star with a brain and a decent idea of how to play legalities.
I really liked the park outside the Arch much better than the arch itself.   And yeah, the zoo is terrific.  I did get there for a brief time.

I wish I had time to see the other sites but the two times I've been there were for business trip/trade shows so I spent much of my time at the convention center (where they ran out of food one night and the a/c failed another night) or at the Purina site.   Overall, they weren't the most fun trips I've ever had. 
But you're okay with the spirits of dead ballplayers playing ball in a magical cornfield ?
"Eight Men Out" is actually my favorite baseball book.   I would say it's highly recommended reading for baseball history buffs.   I liked the movie but really like the book more.  That and two other books I would put out there:  

"Crazy '08", about baseball back when the Cubs were actually a dynasty 

"The Glory of Their Times" a fantastic collection of actual interviews with players from back in the early days of the game.   The book was written in 1961.
Alan Tudyk as Ben Chapman was amazing too, in a not at all flattering role.  
I only cry at the end of this movie.   Madonna's This Used to be My Playground while watching all those ladies play the game is a trigger for me.   It won't be long before all those ladies will be gone.  That's too sad.
A League of Their Own, Bull Durham and The Sandlot are all great baseball movies that were better, I think, than Moneyball.   I really liked Moneyball for the story, but I enjoyed those other three as pure entertainment more.
Widespread use of Facebook Messenger.
Start looking around at other jobs.   You don't need to do everything at once, just get a resume together, maybe post to LinkedIn, peruse Indeed.com.   You're in IT so believe me, there are opportunities out there, and not all of them are cutthroat, toxic environments.  

You can even try taking an interview or two with companies that you don't think you'd accept, just for the practice.  Sounds crazy but it's a good way to start your job search with no pressure. 

Finally, your wife has to understand that you can't be taking on so much that it endangers your health.    That isn't good for either of you.   You two should come to an understanding as to what the "minimum" is that you need to survive and work toward that together.   It shouldn't be all on you. 


Times Square, NYC.    Just.....no.   Don't go there.  
The St. Louis Arch.  View it from the outside, don't bother going inside.  Inside you'll see "history" exhibits that pretend that history only goes back to the 1800s, then you'll take a rickety elevator up to the top of the arch and peer out very tiny windows to see.....nothing much, maybe a sports stadium or two and lots of sad looking urban decay.   Because the only thing in the St. Louis skyline worth seeing is the Arch and you're inside of it. 
Yes, all the sound that would normally come over your phone speaker is forwarded to the mod.
Sexy Ronny is best Ronny.
It's been decades since I waited tables but I remember one thing that I very much would have liked to see:. More parents not letting their kids roam free while waitresses with steaming plates and pots of coffee are trying to get safely to the table.
This is either a question written by tapping on a phone's predictive keyboard space bar or a really bad attempt at SQL injection.
52 degrees fahrenheit =

284.261 kelvins

Thank you Google!
This New Yorker laughs at 52 degrees being "cold".
So does the speaker mod.
No.  Google would play some random song that almost matches the title at full volume.
Don't fall in love with your creations or the particular technology used to create them.  Things change very fast in this business and that doodad that you were so proud of 6 months ago has probably already been superceded or rendered unnecessary already. 

Never stop learning though.  
Is it ever safe to ride in NYC?    I've been nearly run down by limousines and cabs swerving into the bike lane on 43rd on beautiful spring days with no snowflakes in sight.
Shop Rite has them near us and they do Amazon gift cards too.  No need to wait for a home improvement project.
And this will be the part where he loses a sizable portion of the Republican party.   

You see the problem with doing stuff like this is that you run the risk of setting a precedent for the other party when they come into power.   The last thing the Republicans want is a president who sets into stone that they are above the law and can fire a special prosecutor.  They know that any Democratic president who might be under a special prosecutor's investigation could do the same and they'd have little recourse to complain.   

That was the beginning of the end for Nixon too and it lost him a lot of support in his own party.   
So I'm sure Dowd's on Mueller's list of people to talk to now.  I wonder if Mueller will ask him about that time [he claimed to have authored the tweet that had Trump admitting to obstruction of justice?](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/trumps-lawyer-wrote-presidents-sloppy-tweet-flynns-dismissal/story?id=51541650)
None.  And I have 4 Chromecasts.
Episode 4 Season 1 of The Wire.  Bunk and Mc Nulty do an entire on site investigation of a murder using only the word "Fuck".  Brilliant.
The Samsung Galaxy S3.   Nice enough hardware but a software nightmare.
Meatpacking District.    
Yeah, briefly, it's okay, but I still use Raspbian or Raspbian Lite for most of my Linux on RPi stuff because most project sites assume it.  
Best South Park episode ever.
Montero gets traded for a bag of balls.

Someone you don't expect - Lugo or Wheeler maybe - throws a no hitter.

Sydergaard, DeGrom and Lugo prove to be a great 1,2,3.   Harvey is good, but not lights out.  He surprisingly becomes somewhat of an innings eater for part of the year.

We live on our pitching until the trade deadline.   At that point we're 5 back, Sandy gets some bats into the lineup and the Mets pull off a division win, then go all the way to the series with the Yankees.    Harvey finally gets that win he should have gotten in 2015 in game 7.

David Wright, having retired only a week into the 2018 season, still gets a ring,.
UMC: My husband and I have a good amount saved in 401(k) accounts. 

NUC: None of our money is socked away in offshore accounts so yeah, we pay in taxes what some could comfortably live on.
I"m not a gamer but I am a programmer.   So between MacOs, Linux (Raspberry Pi) and ChromeOS, I've got everything I need.  Haven't used Windows in years. 
Yeah I have one of them too, wireless charging of course.  I can usually add another half day or so with that.
I don't know.   I think my OG 2016 Moto Z Play for $350 with a battery that still, a year and a half later, lasts 2 days/8-10 hours SOT was a very good deal.
Or a used one coming off a 3 year lease for $17K.
How's your battery though?  After 2 years I was barely getting 4 or 5 hours.
Yeah, nope on Tennessee!
1207 in the northern 'burbs of NYC.   Probably I'm lost in the woods halfway up a steep hill.
That's a good policy.
Not really all that odd.  The building is still there in NY.
Poor  Vasily Borodin won't ever get to see Montana.
I occasionally use apkmirror but other than that I don't really use them.
Time travel as depicted in popular media can't really work because everything is in motion all the time.  The earth itself moves thousands of miles per second through space.  So if you were to move through time, you'd likely land in empty space somewhere.
Sears.

Barnes & Noble will probably only be saved if someone like Amazon or Google buys them.
Sir Charles
How do you keep these from being torn out by a thief?
Ridge Hill is vastly overrated.   Overpriced chain restaurants and stores, overpriced parking, and roving gangs of teens.
Back when there was also a shitload of gambling and fixing games too.    Baseball history in the period before the modern rules is a blast to read about.
Most insurance companies have a phone app that spells it what you have.   Check it out.
In the US that's the law too except in Virginia and New Hampshire.   Some drivers ignore the law though.. Hence you can optionally cover yourself with insurance to protect yourself from those drivers.  In a lot of these accidents where the driver is uninsured you'll also find that they have no valid driver license either.
That's what insurance is by definition.   Protection from low probability events.
The Cincinnati Reds having the best record in baseball in 1981 and not getting a playoff spot because of the ridiculous way the playoffs were done that year.  
Why?   Didn't you know that Greenland almost the same size as Africa?
- 2010 - HTC "Droid" Incredible
- 2012 - Samsung Galaxy S3
- 2014 - Motorola Moto X 2014
- 2016 - Motorola Moto Z Play 

In between, I also picked up a $20 Verizon branded Moto G (OG) which I use occasionally as a spare. 

In short, I really liked the Incredible.  I actually kept that phone alive well into 2014 with various ROMs.  The S3 was like all things Samsung, a great phone with lousy software.   Jumped on the Moto bandwagon after seeing my husband's OG Moto X.   Only replaced mine because the battery started dying.   I really love my Moto Z Play.  It has a battery that easily gets me 2 days plus mods mods mods!  I'll probably keep this well into a third or fourth year.  
Of course he did.
Yankee Stadium:. You order your food and wait 45 minutes for them to prepare it and it's meh. Citifield:. You stand in line 45 minutes but the food is prepared quickly and it's yummy.
This is the thing that gets me.  Shake Shack is like maybe 10th on the list of good eats at the stadium.  Just not worth the long line.
Chicken and cilantro tacos from the taco stand across from Shake Shack.
/r/videosthatendedtoosoon
Start Trek
Feeling really self conscious about the number of times I have to get up to pee.
Either should work fine but the PTR is much lighter and smaller.  To me the Wear is big and bulky.
But not a Pebble Time Round.
They will implement it, call it  iMessage Magical Edition and claim to have invented it.
Because advertising.
Like iTunes?
Pushbullet and Google Voice/Hangouts works well for me.
Ronald Reagan takes one more roll in his grave.
Who cares if it can't do the things I need it to though?
No way.  I like having money and grown kids.
In the dentist's office.
[Hey!  Are you a dog?](https://youtu.be/C3SN3Bghkxw)
My neighbor has a beard!   I hate beards!   They scare me!  Please help!
Retired from Big Computer Company at age 53 after 31 years.  Started my new job at Kinda Big Sports Organization.   I'm loving every minute.    I did have to pass a pretty rigorous interview that included a White board programming session but I made it through pretty well.  I've been there almost 3 years now, moving up the chain too.   Love my second career!
Because it does everything I need it to do including a ton of things that iOS doesn't.   So why would I pay more to downgrade?
Spent the last hours of an in-law relative with her and her children.  She had asked for the breathing apparatus that had been keeping her alive to be removed.   There wasn't much to do except for be there for her, the kids and her husband.   It actually took only a few hours, but you just don't know when it's happening how long it will be.   Could be hours, days.  But when it happens, you just have to set your life aside and be there.
Except he didn't.  Moose was offered more than twice in his QO than what he settled for.  So clearly, Boras failed.   He did not get the most money for his client.  The buck stops at Boras' desk.  

Blaming "the system" for your own failures is right up there with blaming "society".  It's a copout.   Boras knows the system.  His own players agreed to the CBA that set it up.  Work within it or get out.
The system worked Scott.  He should have take the QO.  The agent who told him not to failed.
The Wire, first season
In 2018, these are classified as "hobbies" or "really good names for rock bands".  I got dibs on "Menstrual Deranged".
You know you can put a little bezel in there to eliminate the notch.   The world's will not collapse of you do that.   God I hate these bezel obsessed designs.  I'm okay to have some place to rest my thumbs.
It looks to me like Google is slowly retiring the Android brand.  Hopefully in advance of Fuschia or something better?
Not round.  Not buying.
If you want to move up in any career you have to build secondary skills.  It's not enough that you do your job well.  You have to become a person who gets people around them to do their job well too.   That means becoming a mentor, teacher, and /or a leader.   It means working on your writing, communicating, negotiating and presentation skills.  It also means putting aside your ego and becoming a champion of those around you.  Become the person that makes the path smoother for others around you.  That might mean taking on taking that no one wants to do, but everyone knows needs to be done.

In short, become valuable to others around you in a way that 1,000 other kids coming out of college won't be.
Affordable hearing aids.   The price of good hearing aids has been ridiculous for a long time.  Technology and battery improvements should make for cheap and good enough hearing aids.
We Mets fans have super secret nerd powers.
Padawan 7 Liners in training.
Not borrowing as much as the bank was willing to lend for anything (cars and house, mostly).   

It means we never had a mansion but our kids don't have college debt either.
Would love to see some way to get this onto the Wear24!
Useful for explaining how you solved the mystery of the missing strawberries aboard your ship.
The Swiss Nanny case, the Diane Schuler "Somethings Wrong with Aunt Diane" car accident(3 adults, 4 kids killed when Schuler sped down the Taconic Parkway in the wrong direction) and the worst accident in Metro North railroad history (killing 7 people) all happened within a few miles of each other, in various hamlets of Mount Pleasant, NY.
My Prodigy account.
My daughter once got one for patience.   We all had a great laugh about that one.
He taught me how to fish, change the oil in a car and introduced me to computer programming way back in the mid 1970s and he never told me a girl couldn't do those things!
They're still kinda huge though.
I don't worry too much about them.   If they want to stay home and feed the squirrels that's okay by me.   Whatever makes you happy.  It's not the same for everyone.
Hey Google for my Home.  Ok Google for my phone.
TIL that there are British broadcasters for the all Star game.
Screen based Google Home.
I pack a change of clothes and a towel and I have a bag at work that has deodorant, wipes, dry shampoo, makeup and other toiletries.   Honestly, after a quick cleanup in the rest room I feel cleaner after biking than I ever do riding the subway on a hot day.   

Also, I recently joined a gym that's on my route so if I have the luxury of time, I can shower there now.  I'll have to see how that works when the warm weather comes.  

[Best Lighting in a Living Room](https://memegenerator.net/img/instances/50200533/its-a-major-award.jpg)
That notch is ugly and I really don't see the need to pay $1000 for a phone that has a few more inches of screen than my $350 Moto Z Play.
For normal household waste, yes.  Hospital and hazmat waste requires a bit of training.   Also takes people who don't get squirrelly when suited up in that claustrophobia inducing suit.
Nope.  New York City has a huge population of indigenous rodents, birds, and edible plants.     You also have still fishable waters nearby too.   The waters might not be great but if all the semi driving population disappears, it stands to reason that the pollution would also moderate some.   Even today, people fish the nearby bays and estuaries to eat.  You also have large open areas within  50 to 75 miles, easily a day or two walk, where farming and hunting would be easy.
Really good, thick, content-rich Sunday newspapers from the world news all the way through the sports sections and comics.  I loved getting the Sunday papers and spending the whole day perusing.

Now they all suck by comparison.
I use git from the command line.  All the cool kids use Source Tree.
Fake news!
Santa from Rudolph the Red Nose Reindeer is a real prick.  He literally shames Donner for having a son with a birth defect.  Then he thinks he can cancel a worldwide holiday just by not being able to fly around giving kids presents.  What an asshole.
Computer programmers using quiet keyboards and not having walls of graphics in motion on their screens.    Really, I've been in the business for 30 years.  Most of the time we're staring at static text on a screen and it is boring as hell for any outside observer to watch that.
Here in Mount Pleasant the cops were smart enough to install portable stop signs at the busy 4 ways in town where downed trees took out power, eg the for corners by Walgreens.
Also matters a lot if your spouse works and if they too are saving.   And if you are still living with your spouse for a time after you retire you are paying for only one living space, not two.
Boston's mostly built on landfill.   Not sure if that has anything to do with it.
Wouldn't you be earning some interest on that money too?  Also it's highly unlikely that you'd spend the same money compounded at 90+ than you would at 70.
I am having this exact problem with my Subaru and Moto Z Play.  It started happening after a recent update to my phone.  I'm using the turbo charger that comes from Moto. So I doubt it's your cable.
Those eyes!
'murica, we're fat, loud, dumb, and hyper patriotic.
So many great memories there.  They also have a fantastic summer camp for kids.   My son went and came home exhausted and covered in mud head to toe everyday but he loved it.   That's the way a summer camp ought to be.
As someone who sat through a 7 Line game in center field next to two women who were being  harassed by some idiot the whole game, I'd have to say at best YMMV.   I also met some great, nice 7 Line people who weren't drunk jerks.  There's a lot of variation.  There is a "drinking club with a Mets problem" vibe to it.

This guy was trying every pick-up line in the book from PG to Triple X.  I was embarrassed he was wearing the same Mets hat I had on.
Just checked on my Smart Home devices from work.  Looks like we still have power in Mount Pleasant.
Or, y'know, use Google Home instead.
I'm shocked.  Just shocked.
But the point of this whole article is that this power is fading as Republicans are growing tired of shit like him talking tarriffs and taking guns away.
Think beyond your stated profession a bit.  What other back office skills do you have?   What have you learned about the medical and billing business (accounts payable? receiveable?) that might transfer to other jobs?
Absolutely.  I agree.  But I don't think Republicans have the luxury of assuming that he will bend to their wishes if Democrats gain a lot more leverage in the Senate, which is most certainly in play.

Also, once the midterms are done, and Trump appears to not be a lock for winning re-election in 2020, I think you'll see Republicans come around to the idea that they might have a better chance to hold onto the Presidency with a grownup instead of Trump.   In fact, they gain better leverage with a respected incumbent.   Not sure if that's Pence but it could be. 
No.   Not at all like that.   That's the Android wear manufacturers supporting input from iPhone.    I mean like Apple purposely routing its own fitness stuff to support Android Wear watches.
You're making a huge assumption about the 2018 midterms.
Two favorite people who aren't Trump you mean.
Heh... You almost had me there.   Good /s.
Russia hasn't scheduled the rally for them yet.
Obvious headline is obvious.
I said this before he was elected and I'll say it again, "When he resigns, it will be because of Republicans forcing him to do so, not Democrats".   I really think this will happen.

He's not a Republican in any sense of the word.  He's a Trumpian, that's it.  He just wants to be the center of attention.  There is no ideology other than he thinks he's the center of the universe.
Those yes men and women seem to be leaving the White House at an alarming rate.
Gary Sinise
If you watched the game yesterday there was a two man cheering section for Soup in the crowd.  It was pretty funny to listen to.   

"Let's go Soo-oop!  Clap clap clapclapclap".

Then when he was on base it was,

"Knock Soup in! Clap clap clapclapclap"

I'm pretty sure these were Mets fans.  Marlins fans will just never appreciate the wonder of Soup.
So sorry to hear that.  That info makes a huge difference.  So this becomes a question of assessing your skills so you can get back into the workforce then to earn.   What can you do and where can you do it?
No one needs a $1000 phone.
Stop buying shit just because everyone around you is buying shit.   That guy with the McMansion?  That lady who buys a new expensive car every year?  They are deep in debt with negative net worth.

Seriously, some day you'll learn that one of your "rich" friends is actually dirt poor.   Hint:.  Do they have to borrow for kids' college even though they live in a mansion and have all the coolest toys?  Think about it.  The tax differential alone on a huge home on the East coast of the US could certainly help to offset an expense like that.
This is like asking Apple to support Android Wear.
For me I bet it's 4 years and the small PTR.
Heck sometimes people use plural when meaning only one.  

Happens all the time in politics.

"People are saying..." when exactly one person said it, for instance.  Or.. "Studies show that vaccinations cause autism."
That was one study that was debunked.
2018-03-01:  The day that askReddit ran out of questions and started asking Olive Garden employees about breadsticks.
Which is exactly what people are doing in large numbers and why both the automotive industry and phone industry  are both now seeing downturns in their new product lines.   They are pricing themselves out of the market.
Moto is purportedly working on a 5G Moto mod.  Between that and the kick-ass battery my Z Play has it just might make it five years.
Showing up to a 25-40 mile bicycle ride wearing jeans. 

Yes.
Because it's a screen capture of my notifications.  That's what Android 8 notifications look like when you swipe down.
Because it's a screen capture of my notifications.  That's what Android 8 notifications look like when you swipe down.
Nicer but I still don't like the square look.   I really like round.  How about something that actually looks like a woman's watch?  You know, like the PTR 14mm?
Yes that's Google voice transcription.
Like one that can replace my PTR 14mm and compete on size, weight and function in addition to not looking like a watch that only men should wear?

I love the idea but I'll believe it when I see it.
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfe672IZOucDBuf8XVH__3PHdAQkgX9ksugc2Xvu7ABTvcd3g/viewform
What's to figure out?   

Just work on being good to people and to yourself.
Soooo....The Expanse!
The Wire

Best dialog:. A crime scene investigation conversation using only the word "Fuck".
Agreed.. Pershing Square is always out of bikes... Go north to 47th.  There are always plenty there.  I go there, then ride down Vanderbilt to 43rd to get to the West side.  Yes it adds distance but I need the exercise.
1984 Nissan Sentra.  I got the base model with air conditioning, that was the only option I wanted.  I put $50 down and financed the rest.   It was my first big purchase after landing a job out of college.
"Rewind n seconds." and "Fast forward n seconds".  Really helpful for those moments when you miss the dialog.
Making people sign away their right to sue and accept arbitration.
When your dad buys you a Maybach for your sweet sixteen party.
So much this.

My old company had hard and fast rules about the percentage of employees who could get the highest level raise.   Coincidentally, all the 40+ year old employees seemed not to hit that mark in the same year.   Yet suddenly when a bunch of us got offers from a competitor, the money magically became available for them to counteroffer 20-25% raises.
Finally arrived for my Samsung Chromebook Plus too.
In this thread, people who think the 1990s were a long time ago.

Get off my lawn.
If you're from the NYC tristate area:. Name at least 3 DJs from the old Musicradio WABC770 days.
How many teams were in Major League Baseball in 1970?   How were they aligned?
Who was the only president of the United States never to have been elected to that office.
Enter Jenny's phone number.
You sound like the hairdresser I **want** to go to.   I have perfectly straight, thin hair.    Even on a good day, if it gets styled, it will last a few hours at most.   On a rainy, windy day when I'm going to be out running errands with no great place to go, it really just doesn't make for me to get a whole poufy styling.   I just want it cut.    But I can't tell you how many hairdressers insist on trying to sell me the whole bit even after you tell them to do just an inch trim to get ride of the thin ends.   Nice to hear that you get it!
A good replacement for the Pebble Time Round(14mm band).

No.  Apple Watch isn't it.  
Fun fact, the Chelsea Market building, which used to belong to Nabisco, [kinda looks like a Triscuit in the front.](https://static01.nyt.com/images/2012/07/19/nyregion/CHELSEA1/CHELSEA1-jumbo.jpg)
The Pixelbook can be used in this way, but I can't speak for any other model.
This.  I'm a big fan of Chromebooks.  In fact, I'm using it now, but I have a Macbook with Intellij installed for programming.   That said, I love that I can do 90% of my work on the Chromebook.  It's  a lighter machine to carry around.   I can get pretty far doing tech support from it since a lot of my AWS work can still be done with it and, like you, I keep the Macbook open on my desk in case I need to Remote into it for more hardcore programming tasks.    
For what it's worth, just make a Chromecast group called Living Room speakers and include the Vizio in it rather than trying to use the assigned room feature with Vizio.  Works with mine.
Clearly the greatest Mets team ever.
Why is this a TIL?  This isn't exactly news.
Living vicariously through my kids helps.
Wait.  I collected all of them and didn't get shit.  I'm in the US.
Blah, blah, blah, nothing about my carrier (T-mobile) here.  

Wake me up when there's something new there.
Pretty sure my Moto Z Play is going to be used right up to the moment it won't power on anymore.

Great battery that's really hard to beat, good enough performance.  
I used to "space out" in Kindergarten.  Would just stop mid sentence or mid walk and just start starting wordlessly upward.  I wouldn't remember it other than feeling a little tired after it, thinking maybe I had dozed off.  Whoever was with me would usually snap me it of it by calling out my name.

Turns out I was having petit mal seizures.   I went on some daily medication until I was 12.   I honestly didn't know the medicine was for the seizures until I was maybe 10.  Mostly because to me, the seizures were painless and benign.  So it never occurred to me that anything was wrong.   I always thought it was vitamins.

I haven't had a seizure since.
There are actually several ways to get phone calls and texts to your laptop.

If you have TMobile, check out something called Digits.  Not sure if other providers have something similar.

Also check out Google Hangouts/ Hangouts Dialer or any of Pushbullet, Join or Mighty text.
Of course.  This is 2018.  Everybody's been on the news.
Vacationing.  Watch the whole news article.  It was a bit about surfing.
Not sure I can help you.  Maybe give Google a call.  It works quite nicely with my setup.
Not sure.  Maybe it depends upon the generation of the Chromecast for your TV?  I have the latest Chromecast dongle for my TV.
"OK Google show 'Black Panthers' trailers on my office tv".

shows me some key frames for trailers on my tv, says, "OK showing 'Black Panther' trailers on office TV.  Which one do you want?

"Show me the third one".

Shows me the trailer.

This works very nicely.  Of course it presumes that you have a Chromecast connected TV and a Google Home device.


One year later and my Moto Z Play still gives me 8-9 hours SOT and lasts well into a second day on a single charge.

So for me it was battery, battery, followed by battery.

Oh yeah, and sweet Moto mods too.   Love my JBL speaker one and the wireless charging battery mod that gives me even more battery life.  The latter is especially useful if I'm traveling for the weekend and don't want to bring my charger.

Is that burned in look part of the watchface??
I think we're talking puddle jumpers here, not 747s.
Fair enough.  But if you go soon after, they won't have time to paint over stains.
Election Day in the USA.
Water, water stains, high water mark lines on the wall.   Damp spots on the floor.   Mudstains indoors is a giveaway, not like footprint mudstains, but like the kind of mudstains you see when water recedes. 

A wet/dry vac or dehumifider that looks recently used is also a giveaway.  Like is it stowed away in a closet or just sitting in the middle of a room?

Take note, for instance, if they bother to put any kind of carpeting in the basement.   Most home owners who experience regular flooding don't bother.    That's not a dead giveaway, but it might be worth asking about. 
That's the 4x1 widget from [Today Weather](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=mobi.lockdown.weather)
You call the homeowner.   Even if you wait a few days, the signs will be there if there was a leak.  
So, here's what I don't get.  Is your BIL saying that Trump is lying about the Florida shooting?  Because even he believes it's a real thing that happened.   In fact, he's crassly calling the FBI poor response out to further his own political agenda.  I would think that this would put your BIL on the anti-Trump side of things.
Old Testament God was a real asshole.
How many of them are wirelessly rechargeable independent of the phone?   Also, the Moto Z Play gets a full 8-9 hours SOT out of the box without the extra charger.   The moto mod battery is just a plus. 
It was just a stunningly unfunny way to end an otherwise rib-splitting, funny movie.
Yeah, what was eye opening to me was going to China.  Holy hell, Batman.  You should see the hoops I had to jump through, the paperwork I had to fill out just to visit there on business for a week.  They have extremely tight controls and barriers to entry and they make no bones about ensuring that you are not coming over without a means of financial support.   

This is not to say that we need to become China.  But we need to be sure there are some rules in place and that they are fairly and humanely followed. 
Then we should work on getting good rules in place to allow the hardworking, earning ones to stay here.    But that should not come at the expense of immigrants who have filled out all the appropriate paperwork and would otherwise be working those same jobs at a possibly higher wage.  

I don't agree with the "throw 'em all out" approach.   But I do think we need to be fairer to the immigrants and employers who do follow the rules.  And I do think we need to keep DACA. 

If you're here and undocumented, stand up and be counted.  It's only fair that there's a system in place for making you an American.   But working undocumented is not fair to the others who are following the rules.   It's not fair that you're dragging down the wage rate that they are working at because your boss is paying you off the books.  
Thank you....Perfect answer.
Thank you!  This is a great answer.  
What kind of Chromebooks do they have?  I have the Samsung Chromebook Plus and it rocks.   
It's under Gestures & Inputs, I use Swipe up->Toggle Dock. 
I think the point of whether or not Fredo actively did anything was deliberately vague.   The fact that Michael couldn't trust his brother not to do anything dangerous out of Fredo's sheer jealousy, selfishness and stupidity is the tragedy.  Fredo was a clear and present danger to the Corleone empire.  The fact that he was not much more than a bumbling idiot was what made it so tragic.  He's Lenny from Of Mice and Men.
I love this movie but I still think it would be better as two movies.
The ending sucks though.
It took me years to like that movie.   It is so depressing.  But I do appreciate it now.
The Sting.

Tightly written, clever movie.  Great music.  I loved Robert Shaw in this.   So many great performances over all.

Is one of those movies that I hope they never remake because I can't imagine anyone doing it better.
I print all the time to my HP remotely.   Just add it via the Google Print manager.
Years ago, fellow waitress to me upon seeing a clearly disabled women in a wheelchair being pushed by a caretaker come into our restaurant, "People like that just shouldn't be allowed to go out in public."

I actually liked working with that waitress right up until that very moment as she was otherwise nice and very competent. But I lost all respect for her after that comment.
Keep a toiletries bag at work.  In mine I keep wipes, deodorant, dry shampoo (best invention ever), hairspray, moisturizer and makeup.  Restock as needed.

Also, pack a fresh towel in your bike bag every day.  You will need it.

Also if you have the time.  Stay outside for 10 minutes or so in the shade before walking into the office.   It will give your body time to finish cooling off.
Visit the house after a heavy rain or better yet icy snow storm.  Check for leaks near the windows or near the corner of the house.
Android Pay makes it possible to get through an entire day in the city without a wallet.  Buy food, take cabs.  Get cash at your local grocery store when you use your debit card if you absolutely need it.

Source: Forgot my wallet one day.  Didn't skip a beat because I had my phone.
At McDonald's you can use Android or Apple Pay.
I'm guessing it's about 50/50.  Half quasi religious idiots and half performance art.
Money.  This is the Olympic committee we're talking about.
This is important and I find myself taking it for granted.   Going to Verizon is such a fee invested shit show by comparison.  I'm reminded of that when I look at my FiOS bill.
Reasonably priced.   Good service where I live.   

It's not perfect.  We still find holes upstate when we visit Millerton, NY for instance.   But for us, it is good enough at the right price....3/4G +1/6G for $129 per month.  None of us go over our limit so that's good for us.   Music and Video Freedom programs make it easy to not go over.  If we do eventually want to go unlimited, is not a huge price difference either.
Back in his day, you were settled with a spouse, mortgage and kids by then.   Today, that's not necessarily the case.
No.  2015 was a lot like 1999 and 2000, a good but not great team going further than anyone expected.  I'm more pissed that the Wilpons didn't build out the great team they could have been in 2016.

Also, I went to game 2 of the LCS  against the Cubs and that was a fantastic feeling seeing Citifield so lit up and loud.  I hold on to that memory.

Now ask me about 1988 or 2006.
We do our biweekly one on one manager meetings in this way, either over lunch or a walk to a local park if the weather permits.  It makes it easier to have an honest discussion without the trappings of the office around.
Oh man I can't tell you how many kids sports coaches I've wanted to say that too.
Usually the last 4 or 5.
Woah.   A civil conversation including a study and astute questioning around reviewing sample sizes and objectivity with civil and comprehensive answers too.   Are you sure we're on Reddit?
56 here.  $2.7M net worth and still working.  I answered the question in another thread here.
Nova [after gesturing to hide dock and notifications](https://i.imgur.com/BQIqT1i.jpg).

[After I bring them back.](https://i.imgur.com/LUJtKiF.jpg)
Multi meaning $2.7M here net worth including a house with about $500K.  Life is ordinary.  We drive a 2015 Subaru which we just bought used to replace it 2003 Subaru, which we are giving to my daughter.

Our house is in an expensive part of the country (NYC burbs) but is pretty normal looking 1600 sqft raised ranch on a 75x100 lot.

That's pretty much the reason we've managed to save.  We just never overspent on anything.  In fact we only ever bought a second car when having one car and 3 drivers with jobs started to become a hassle.

Our kids both went to college but neither needed a loan. One is it working on his own now.  Second has two more semesters to go.

Now that we're at the near end of our mortgage and tuition payments we're starting to enjoy our money a bit, talking vacations here and there and splurging on hobbies a bit.   But we still don't look or spend like millionaires, just isn't our style.  We both still work, btw.
You're too young if you don't include Pete Rose in that list.
Buy them Chromebooks.   It will save you 90% of the phone calls you get on the first place.
Simplifying the tax code is good.   Doing it while raising the national debt a trillion dollars is not.   
On immigration, I think we need to enforce the laws we have.   I disagree on the wall, I think that's a waste of money.   But setting and enforcing reasonable limits on immigration should and can be done.   The people we really need to come down on are the people who knowingly employ undocumented immigrants.  

But the man is an asshole and we can get all this done without him.
Passive aggression.    
What could possibly go wrong?

Remember.  This is the Mets we're talking about.
A call center that turned out to be a boiler room magazine sales cold calling gig.   I lasted about 3 weeks.   Turns out I suck at selling things that I would never buy myself.
On the battery thing.  Get a Moto z Play and a turbo charger moto mod  for 3 days off power.
Singing God Bless America during baseball games in the USA.
I just look at the combined numbers from my Citibike and Easy pay (subway ticket).   I measure my success in subway rides avoided.
It will be interesting to see how he responds when he gets a summons from the special prosecutor.
05, 06, 07, 45, 46, 47 are all branching op codes in S/390.   I used to read core dumps and traces for a living.

Yup, worked for IBM back in the day.
You noticed that the success rate on this latest SpaceX launch was only 66.6% right?  They lost one of them. Even today this is a really difficult thing to accomplish.
Google Maps
California had oil to.  As does Alaska.
Found the computer geek.
As someone who had to schedule conference calls between my colleagues in the US, Ireland, India, and China, dear God save us from Daylight Saving Time, Summer Time or whatever the fuck it's called.
"fake news"
That's great except for the zillions of people who have to use Windows or Linux at work.
In the US it's generally free with your phone service and everyone has it.  Pretty good way to know your message will get to where it's going versus having to worry about whether the other party uses Facebook Messenger or Whatsapp or some other third party tool.
How drunk they got/how much they drank.

Yeah.  Congrats on the lack of self control, dude.
Your mom was a special lady.  So sorry for your loss.  I hope the Mets do her proud this year.
That happened with our local food bank and cancer hospice as well.  Part of the problem is that food that last longer (prepared foods) tends not to be healthy too.    So, food banks in areas with high amounts of diabetes or hypertension tend to have to turn away canned  or highly processed foods.  
I'm not a big fan of legislating morality.   But I think we could build incentives to doing this.  Maybe allow grocery stores to write off the value of the food that they've donated.   I assume they can do this already though?
Baseball has a [competitive balance tax](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Major_League_Baseball_luxury_tax) instead.  It taxes teams with higher payrolls, think Yankees or Dodgers.
I'm of the belief that if there is some kind of higher intelligence that we as a species are probably extremely far off the mark in our various beliefs as to what the nature of that intelligence could be.  

That is, if a god or gods exist, they are probably laughing their asses off at what we believe about them.    
I'm absolutely fine with this.    But then we also have to be fine with the fact that waiters and waitresses might not fawn over us as much as we Americans have gotten used to.  
Snow has natural sound dampening qualities.  Things get so quiet during a heavy snowstorm.
Living in the snow zone versus the "wintry mix" zone of a storm is much more tolerable.   That snow/rain/ice crap is way worse to drive/walk in, not to mention clear from driveways.
Snow by itself isn't as bad.
Monty Python and the Holy Grail is uneven at best.  The ending completely sucks.   I say this as a fan of the movie.  It's fun and contains some classic bits but as a movie, it's meh.
The swastika was borrowed from ancient symbolism.  The Nazis weren't the first to use it.   In fact you can still see it today as a sign of good luck in some cultures.
"What's happening at the Winter Olympics today?"

"My apologies, I don't understand".
Siri was never really ow wow.  Even when it was announced you already had Google Voice Search and the very good Nuance assistant that was doing hands free voice search before 2011 on Android.  In fact, Siri is based on Nuance.
Near speed of light travel really messes with age estimates.
I've said for years.   Google is a pure engineering company with no marketing at all.  They seriously have no idea how to market stuff.    Apple is a marketing and hardware company that makes okay but not great software, but they market the shit out of their stuff.    Samsung is an even worse software company but they too have hardware (when it's not blowing up) and better marketing than Google. 
Exactly right.  And when your situation stabilizes you can always pay down on that mortgage or refi.   We'll be paid off in March next year.  Took 24 years on the 30.
Responses as in plural?   What is it doing besides weather right now?
The fact that Samsung drives the Android market and not Google.
It just screams I'M WEARING A COMPUTER ON MY WRIST to me.  Which, I suppose for some people is ok.  Me?  I like watches that look more like fashion or jewelry.    That's what drew me to the PTR in the first place. 
My Moto Z Play is by far my favorite of all time.   I haven't needed a portable battery for it at all which is liberating.  It simply gets through each day with about 40% left on it.  This includes my 1.50 hour commute each direction in which I take a train and subway, listening to podcasts and reading. 

That plus the Moto Mods which allow me to wirelessly charge and have an nice external speaker attached if I want it.  

Runner up was my original Android, the HTC Droid Incredible.   The battery sucked but it was a great deal for its time and wholly unlockable, rootable, and ROMmable in an age when you really needed it to be.
The guy has the spine of a 70 year old.   I really don't think he'd come back and play the hot corner if he does come back.
You mean like Harvey?
Seriously you didn't know about this book?   Damn I'm old.
The software is good.  The shape is not.  
A few times a week, mostly in the evenings.   I actually use my phone more now because I have that with me during my work commutes.  
Ugly like the Apple watch and not round so it won't replace my PTR.
"Cut it out, your sound like an idiot."

Oh wait, that was my husband, not my Google Home.
Electoral college elected, not directly.
I think YouTube TV is limited to a particular set of Roku models.  I have the 2XS and it doesn't work for me even after a system update.
Paperwhite.  Mine needs a charge every six weeks or so.
Grand slam singles for everyone!
Every Mets fan in this thread just whimpered a little after reading your last sentence.
Porcupine nemesis Leopold falafel conifer.
As a Mets fan, I listen to Suzyn and John purely for comic relief.   Seriously, they are so bad they're good sometimes.    You know, you just can't predict baseball!
Howie Rose and Josh Lewin are maybe the best broadcast team out there.
Earned is by definition earned.   I don't think you can legally revoke something someone paid directly for, no matter how much you want to.   I don't know the law here though but I can't think of a case where this was ever done save for maybe we'll documented instances of cheating on college exams.
MVP.  Not bad for a guy who was going to quit the game.
I'm 56, still working and pretty healthy.   But since we're empty nesters, we do a lot of bulk cooking.   So maybe that could help?  I'll roast a whole chicken or pork loin on Sunday and that plus a whole bunch of vegetables (steaming takes very little time and effort) gets us to Thursday or so.  We also keep some marinated chicken (with wine / soy combination) in our freezer for quick meals. 

> Rhode Island

URI was playing without EC Matthews that day too so your comment is more correct than you might think.   He's  a 15 PPG guy.  Guess how many points URI lost by?
They both have different levels of suckage.   Neither has a small form factor, especially for those of us coming from Pebble and it's beautiful Time Round.    The Fitbit Ionic is just fugly but yeah, has decent battery and is a good fitness tracker.   Android Wear watches are decent notification engines and there are apps for it, but they lack comprehensive fitness stuff.  

For me, as a Pebble Time Round fan, I'm still waiting for either party to win me over.   I have the Wear24 which I bought out of curiosity but I don't wear it because of the hugeness.   I strap it to my bicycle and use it as a Strava/Google Maps display.  
I think honestly the only thing to do is to have less people.  A slowing birth rate will lower the number of people requiring jobs or requiring support that can be had from paid jobs.  I know it's not a solution that everyone would agree to, but slowing the population explosion can go a ways toward solving a lot of the world's problems.
I'm in my 50s.  I grew up in the 70s.   Some time around my sophomore or Junior year in High School, my dad brought home a Radio Shack TRS-80 home computer.   My brother and I soon took to fighting over time to use it.  We both learned Basic and even some Assembly language, learning to write and run programs from magazine articles.  

It's 40 years later and both my brother and I are a few years from retirement after long and lucrative careers in IT.  My dad's still with us and we all still talk shop about computers and technology.

We joke about how my mom fussed over the few thousand bucks he spent.  But even now she agrees it was a great investment.
New cars.  Especially now that you can get cars coming off lease for a lot less.
It's not a nature reserve technically but still a beautiful place for a walk, Innisfree Gardens in Millbrook.
A Year Living with Freezer Burn
Time is money too.  I'll bet you can find a second way to make $20K during the extra hours you'll have.  Or not.   You can always just enjoy the empty hours too.  Or use them to learn a skill that bumps you into a higher salary bracket.  The bottom line is that the extra hours offer options you may not have considered.
My bicycle jersey needs a holster for my sidearm.
Port Ewen, Rondout, Cooperstown.   Someone grew up in upstate NY.
Not bad.   We started using some PCs and smaller Unix workstations about a year later.
Well my old tablet was actually replaced by my Toshiba Chromebook 2.  My Samsung Chromebook just continued that.
I love some of the names given here.  Schenectady?
Let's see if you can come up with the stupidest name for a company.

I'll go first.
  
- Google
- Yahoo
How do I explain to my boss that personal computers aren't just toys and that they can be very useful for businesses as well.  How do I convince him that you don't have to run everything on the mainframe?

Taken from a real discussion with my boss in 1985.
Actually northern NJ area.  Near Pompton Lakes if I recall.
It's a turnpike.
How can you mention NJIT workout mentioning the engineering school that is consistently ranked in the top ten in earning potential and career placement in the state and nation, Stevens Tech.  Go Ducks!
The only thing we agree upon is that it is delicious with egg on a roll.
Honest Trailers
For what it's worth, it is a perfectly adequate Strava and Google Maps thingee for my bicycle.   I leave it strapped to my bike rather than my wrist because of the size/weight. 
Computer Science.  I've been in IT for 32 years - I've been at various times programmer/software engineer, architect, tech lead, test manager, development manager.
.... And women still have perfectly manicured eyebrows after years on a desert island or captivity or living with another culture (e.g. Dances with Wolves).
They forgot about the part where the first few times you nurse, before your body gets used to it, it feels like someone is slamming your nipples in a door jam.
It always pisses me off how much noise computers make on TV.  No one who works with them everyday would ever put up with that.

Also, unnecessary ui displays during a search.  No image search is going to show you a bunch of images while searching, mainly because no search is going to be exhaustive.  It's indexed!  There's no point to showing you images as it is searching because it is NOT visiting them all.   If it is, you've got the worst image search engine every built.
Pregnancy and childbirth.   Not every woman who gets pregnant has morning sickness and childbirth is way more messy than it typically is on TV.  Also a typical TV baby looks like they're about 3 to 6 months old.
It would display at a 3 degree angle from the horizontal.
Yawn.  Been there, done that with my 2014 Moto X.  
Or go to your dealer and buy that premium model two years later for a lot less.
Get out of the stuffy building I work in and get some fresh air.
Found it!  Thank you!   
My daughter's in her sophomore year at college with her Chromebook and hasn't needed anything else.  Even when classes insisted on Excel or Word, she used the online version and it's worked out fine.

She hasn't taken any classes that need special Windows or Mac only software so that has made the difference.
Is there a GitHub project for this?
Turn your phone face down on the table.   That works for me for all my Motorola phones.
My husband has a hearing impairment.   He wears hearing aids most if the time.   He swears by Motorola phones, says they are so much louder with cleaner sound..
Sure.  I'll use my discount for the Fitbit watch that is the same size, shape and weight as my PTR 14mm.   Let me know where that model is please, Fitbit guys?
So they've become pretty much every mature company.
Please ask the developers of the authy app to add the reddit logo to authy!
Muslim fundamentalists are just another type of right wing.   Really anyone who has a "my religion or you deserve death" belief is on the right fringe.   The left fringe is more "no religion or you deserve death".
Terrorist attacks.
West Virginia
Every succeeding generation postponing adulthood a bit longer.   
Actually the Apple Watch is blocky and ugly.   It just doesn't look good on the feminine wrist.   Right now, Pebble, sadly, is as good as it gets.
Free drink coasters!
I'm guessing Tmo has a parody of that commercial in the can already to go for the super bowl.
Sadly, I still think of that as one of the best baseball games I ever witnessed in person.    I was crushed but still came out of there knowing I had seen an epic game.  And I remember that Ty Kelly moment fondly, if only for that glimmer of hope that we could win....
A  huge pay cut.  But if it happens two to five years from now, not a huge deal because I'll be ready for retirement anyway.
That took forever to get out of the park.
Alaska GDP is around $46B US.   Not at the top but more significant than several on the US mainland.
Apple sells this capability to retailers.  So they don't rely on advertising but they do rely on adoption by retailers.
Don't be that guy.....the guy who signs up for the soak tests promising not to post stuff about it and then does it anyway.
No but certainly Alaska does.  Also this map shows Indonesia's reach across the globe east to west.   If you include American territories too, this overlay looks quite different.
If you conveniently leave out two states and a whole mess of territories.
Oh I see.  That's a good question.   I know that they already keep track of where I am regardless of whether I'm on my phone or Chromebook.  Not sure what they'll do with audio books. 
Which device can do this AND get the same 2 months of battery life that my Kindle Paperwhite can?
What part of whisper sync isn't replicated already by Google Play Books?
That shows up on my Z Play every week or so.  Then it goes away.   I have no idea why.  
Nope.  It's going to be a while before I need a replacement for my Z Play.
Reading this thread has been an education for those of us lady baseball fans.    Ew.   I don't ever want to think about piss troughs.   Let us never speak of them again.

For the ladies, Shea was awful.   Shea was way understalled (if that's a word) for women.   So the rest room lines at the precious few rooms we could use would be huge for games that attracted more than 30,000.    And of course, when you put too many women not wanting to miss too many innings standing in line waiting for too few stalls, things get nasty in the cleanliness department.  

At Citifield, the Mets made a real effort to add more ladies rooms and more stalls.   Still very much "ballpark quality" but a huge improvement over Shea Stadium.
Guess you've never been to NYC?    They're in Grand Central Terminal, Port Authority, and Penn Station.
Firefly
No one cares.  Use whatever works for you.
They've already taken steps away from Java by making Kotlin a first class development language.
Actually a million isn't what it used to be.    These days you probably cannot pick out a typical millionaire in a crowd.  You have to get into at least the 10s or 100s millions.   A typical millionaire these days might have a 2000 square foot home and a used car in the driveway, same as your in debt up to their eyeballs neighbor.  It's just a matter of how much they've saved.  If you're in a decent paying field like IT and started saving 30 years ago, you could easily have a million today.  

If you include home equity on your net worth measurement as is typical you include tons of people on both coasts of the US where a tiny 3 BR raised ranch on a 75x100 lot can be worth well over $500K today.  If those folks have paid off mortgages, no other big debts and $500K in the bank, they're millionaires by that definition.

If you retire on a million and try to pull only 4% as most financial advisers recommend, you'd be living on 40,000 per year in your golden years.  That's not a bad amount in some places but in others you'd be penny pinching.
If Apple were smart, it would build an Android phone of it's own.  If it had iMessage, it would absolutely kill other competitors.
If it had the wireless charging adapter on the back, I'd take it.
yeah, we're not quite there yet.  Not until my Chromebook can run IntelliJ Ultimate with all my plugins in Stable.    Until then, I'll still have one laptop for work and one for everything else.
Lately my MacBook pisses me if because I can't run Android apps on it.
The Blue Jays got a class act.
Yup.  Agreed.   Not sure I understand why the market doesn't want my money either.
My guess is that OP is still in the will.   It takes effort to actually change a will in such a way that it will be accepted.   Inertia is hard to overcome with the elderly.

The threat is easy to make but takes time to follow through on.
I just do the chop gesture with my Moto.
This should be cross posted to /r/bicycling
Yup.
Awesome.    Hulu is starting to be worth more than Netflix in my Cordcutting marketbasket.  Between Hill Street Blues and E.R. I should have my streaming needs covered right up until season 2 of The Handmaid's Tale premiers in April.
All I want is a phone that has Project Treble on it.   The rest is fluff.
So was I.
The company that Verizon bought that is currently streaming the NFL playoffs. I have no idea what else they're doing these days. But I like watching the playoffs on my Chromebook and not needing cable or even needing to be near a place with a TV.
It's.  Okay.   I paid $79 and wouldn't pay anymore.

It's kinda big and bulky but for me it makes a good enough Strava/Google Maps watch for bicycle riding.    The battery is really good.    The apps work as well as they do on Android Wear.  AW 2.0 itself is disappointing, IMHO, coming from a Pebble Time Round. 
I've only had it a little over a year but I can state unequivocably that my Moto Z Play **still** has great battery life.  I could not say that for my HTC Incredible, Samsung S3, or my Moto X 2014 even though they were all nice phones in their own right.

I usually end the day with between 40-50% battery remaining if I fully charge overnight.  A typical day for me means a full 1.5 hour train/subway commute in each direction during which I'm using Kindle app, browser, Pocketcast,  YouTube, Feedly and various other apps.  In other words, it's not sitting in my pocket.  Typical screen on time for the day is 4-6 hours.  And yes, I'll still have that 40-50% battery remaining after that.
How they treat people who have the lower paid jobs in your office.  
Thanks, I will take a look.  
Has anyone compared this to the recently fire saled Wear24?   I picked that up from eBay for $79 and while it's okay, it is an absolute brick of watch, very thick and too large for my wrist.  

I'm tempted to put the Wear24 back on eBay and get this one instead if it is a better fit.   I'm coming from a PTR 14mm so you can imagine how ridiculous the Wear24 looks to me.  I understand I'm probably never going to get as perfect a fit as the PTR, but I'd like to get at least wearable.


Note that I'm not a Verizon customer so I'm not benefitting from the LTE on the Wear24 anyway.
For the minimum pay, this is a great move.
GPM because for me it's still $7.99 per month.   Hard to beat that deal.
[The 1986 Mets switching pitchers Roger MC Dowell and Jesse Orosco in and out of right field during an extra innings game that saw a bunch of ejections.](http://metsmerizedonline.com/2013/04/magical-mystical-mets-moment-jesse-and-roger-in-the-outfield.html/)

This year, [Travis D'Arnaud switching between 2nd and 3rd multiple times was pretty classic.](https://www.sbnation.com/mlb/2017/8/16/16159910/travis-darnaud-mets-catcher-second-base-third-base-switching-so-crazy-it-just-might-work)
Their food is expensive and awful.  If I want terrible food delivered, I can use GrubHub and buy from the local Applebee's instead.
Drogon and Rhaegal 
And you thought the saying that New York City never sleeps was an exaggeration.
For what it's worth, my PTR gets well into a third day of use.  Oddly it has gotten better over time.  Probably because I don't have a whole lot of apps on it anymore.   Still great for notifications, Tasker, and Navme though.
Doesn't plain old Assistant/Google Home do a lot of this already though?  I know for Metro North I can just ask "when is the next train to Grand Central"
I saw it once on 9th Avenue.  Female cop telling a delivery truck to move off the bike lane because he was a hazard.  I gave her a big thumbs up from my bike and a middle finger to the truck driver.
Yup, still waiting for the thing that takes my Pebble Time Round 14mm band off my wrist for good.  Haven't seen it yet.
Very reasonable.   The 21 thing is a joke.
Titles, schmitles.  Interview with other companies with a resume that shows the data analyst work you've done.  Find one or two willing to pay you your price.   Let your boss know you have an offer.  If he doesn't counter, leave for the better paying job.

By coming to your manager with offers in hand, you force them into a timetable.   I gave my last job three weeks to counter.  They did, with a 25% raise when they had been claiming poverty before.  My new job, which has offered 20% more quickly matched and I said good riddance to the old.
It's stuff like this (and the stadium that reminds me of Shea in many ways and the Rodney Dangerfield syndrome of both clubs) that makes me think of the A's as the Mets spiritual American League counterpart.   See our emotional attachment to Lucas Duda, Wilmer Flores and other working stiff players. Nicely done.
Is there anything for iOS like Cerberus app for Android?  It has some great features like live tracking plus the ability to capture audio and video remotely.  Wonderful app.
56 year old City girl me is laughing because for the first 18 years (much longer actually) I had no cell phone service either and had to use a landline!  And no Facebook!!

Also had to walk to school uphill both ways in the snow.....

... And get off my lawn!
Umm yeah,  that's not just a country thing anymore.   The deer are plentiful here in and near the urban areas too.  As are the wild turkey and coyotes.
I honestly think they feel they goofed because it is likely that the original will last more than 3 or 4 years of use.   Planned obsolescence is one of the things that keeps the smartphone industry alive.
Citibike.  I commute from Westchester via Metro North then bike downtown.    Bringing/using my own bike is just not worth the trouble for a 2.5 to 3 mile ride.
On my 3 mile ride I wear a cycling jersey (with a base layer if it's cold).  I wear jeans/slacks unless it get very hot, then I wear my bike shorts instead.  

I pack a change of clothes and shower/change at a local sports club where I have a membership if I get grungy.
Now do this for baseball and I'll dump cable altogether.  Baseball local coverage still requires a subscription for teams where Comcast owns a piece of the RSN.
Moto Z projector mod for the win!
A follow on to to the Moto Z Play that actually provides more battery life, bumps the cameras a bit and supports the latest Bluetooth features.  Like the Moto Z Play 2 should have been.
Apple is slowly becoming the Sony of Home Assistants. 
This doesn't surprise me.   The great thing about this series is that the authors seem to understand history and how it repeats itself.
The announcer for the Hudson Valley Renegades once [got run from the game for making fun of a series of balk calls](http://renegadesreport.blogspot.com/2013/07/characters-of-dutch-rick-zolzer.html?m=1).
This.  After this hit YouTube I was kind of surprised this didn't catch in elsewhere.
Sleep and dreaming's purpose.
Your choice of some long ago commoditized gadget - e.g. smartphone, computer, fitness tracker.  
Your GPA from 20 years ago doesn't impress me nor is it relevant at all in today's world.  In fact, please don't put it on your resume if you want an interview.  It reeks of desperation.   
Tony Soprano disapproves.
Amazon being Amazon.
Meanwhile in Australia.....
Do Chromeboxes support Android apps?
Ah.  So it's looking better then!!  No people walking in it!

/S
No.   He signed an order allowing some right of way stuff.   Broadband isn't coming to the sticks until it is profitable for the companies who provide it.
Dammit now I have something in my eye.
Given that most social media is a dumping ground for our worse impulse, I'd leave granny alone.  Otherwise you're likely to get a newspaper clipping with "You won't believe what happens next!!!!"  written on it.
At 90, even the best computer screens are hard to read and the mouse pointer very hard to see and control with typical default settings, even with a big screen.  And UX design rarely builds for 90 year old capabilities.

I had to do a lot of adjustment for my dad, who was a math/computer teacher and computer consultant before he retired, to make it tolerable for him at 85.    Eyesight and motor control just aren't what they are at age 25.  Even then, it takes him a long time to navigate around.
Granny makes a meme.
Trump can't control his weight either.  Neither could Clinton.   Neither could a lot of presidents. So that's not great reasoning.

 Still you're correct, Oprah isn't the answer.
Despite the fact that he worked for the man, it's pretty clear that Spicer is an RNC guy, not a Trump guy.   He's a team player but not as much in Trump's butt as Hope Hicks is.   I suspect he understood the irony.
Well he's right.

Really I despise the orange one but Oprah, with her history of buying hook, line and sinker into urban myths easily debunked on Snopes, isn't the answer.
Can someone explain to me why McDonald's, which was one of the first places to accept what was then Google Wallet, no longer seems to work with any of my cards in Android Pay?  It only seems to work with my Chase credit card and none of my debit cards.
They really should have just done this from the beginning.  There was no need for a separately branded Android Pay and Google Wallet to begin with.   Google has some great engineers but their marketing is clueless.
Wow is Apple maps really that slow?
What's a power bank and why would I need one?  My phone already gives me 2 days use.

Signed, Moto Z Play user.
I had an HTC "Droid" Incredible that lasted up to the KitKat/lollipop era (the Inc was wonderfully wide open to rooting/unlocking).  Something like 4 years before I finally gave it away.  It was still in working condition.  I'm hoping my Moto z Play will last as long.  I've had it for just over a year and the battery on it is already much better than my Moto X 2014 was after a year of use.
Sometimes nicer to have a bigger screen for video or reading/writing spreadsheets or other tabular data or for connecting to a computer desktop (e.g. Chrome Remote Desktop).
 I think you're missing the point entirely.   Two of my devices got renamed so that they no longer are pointing to the same device they used to point to.   The two in my office got swapped. Office Mini should be my Google Home Mini.  Office Speaker should be the cheapo one.  Somehow they got switched.    I'm not really sure how or when it happened.   But we did have an internet outage yesterday owing to a momentary power failure.   

My default speakers aren't even the ones in my office.  They're the speakers upstairs.  I wouldn't want my default to be the ones in my office ever.
Jaguars because I love an underdog.  Anybody other than the Patriots after that.
The flat panel display is nice.  But how much do you want to bet that Lenovo prices it more than a typical tablet would cost?
Long live eink/epaper.
Yup.  This is what makes me sad.  Pebble died.  Only their IP was sold to Fitbit who squandered it and built the uberugly Ionic.  Meanwhile Garmin has built something kinda nice, but still a little big.    I wish they had been the ones to buy Pebble.  They seem to be closer to what I want.  Maybe Garmin will buy Fitbit and think about a watch that women won't hate?  A girl can dream.
So far with few exceptions, smart watches just don't look good for women.  Even the Apple watch looks like crap when worn with a dress.  My Pebble Time Round barely works with dressy attire and that's only because I invested in a nicer band for it.   Face it, most smart watches have been hit with the ugly stick pretty hard.  
   
Secondly, the PTR was the only watch that came close to the shape and thickness of what I'd wear everyday.    I don't want to strap what looks like a small phone to my wrist.  Most smart watches just look huge and feel heavy.   Even the round ones are thick and tend to turn in my wrist because they can't fit flush against it.   I want something round and smallish, no bigger than the PTR with the 14mm band.  Too bad Pebble went out of business.

Then there's battery.   Having to charge yet another device everyday or even other day kinda sucks.    Again, Pebble had devices that could go a week between chargers.  My PTR can get into a third day but that's it.    When smart watches get to where they can go a week, they may be interesting to me again.

Finally,  people aren't going to want to swap out watches as often as phones.   Their utility is different.    So companies have to stop trying to sell them like phones.  I shouldn't have to or want to get a new one every year or two.  Good watches last a lifetime.

Still rocking my PTR.  It's at best an okay smart watch.   But I still haven't found a great one I can wear for years.

Edited to correct typos: typing with cold hands on a phone is hard.
Nolan Ryan for Jim Fregosi.
In some cases, yes.  When I was with IBM, middle management was what we would call "2nd or 3rd line".     These were the schleps who were directors but weren't GMs or people usually at the top of the local food chain.  They were the lowest level of the executive class.   The directors managed the first line managers who managed the non managers.    The old joke at IBM was that the only people who actually did any work were the staff engineers and first line managers.
Great name for a bicycle builder.
Well of course it doesn't.  You need to plug it in first!
[I'm SMAAHHT!](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/LankyTornChital-max-1mb.gif)
Michael Corleone....because we already have Fredo.
because he's ["Like, really smart".](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/949618475877765120?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.vox.com%2Fpolicy-and-politics%2F2018%2F1%2F6%2F16857492%2Ftrump-tweets-mental-health)

[Y'know, like this guy!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rg8jODlrka0).  #PresidentFredo

I can see the presidential BSOD memes already.
12345
Maybe it belonged to [this person!](https://www.reddit.com/r/googlehome/comments/7mz5kv/italian_grandma_learns_google_home/)
Unit testing in Software Engineering.  Every Software Development manager wants them, but when push comes to shove, they'll ship without it.
Or use [screen pinning.](https://www.cnet.com/how-to/ho-to-pin-apps-in-android-5-lollipop/)

Specifically, do screenshot of the picture you want, then pin the screen with an app that shows only that photo.  That way they can't continue to scroll through your photo app.
Make sure you get first and last name of everyone you speak to.  

Kind of obvious but not directly mentioned for phone calls.
Saint Louis.   Just nothing worth going it staying for, plus some really ugly depressed areas you need to stay away from.

Tampa.  Outside the waterfront it's a parade of liquor stores, bail bondsmen, pawn shop, adult book stores, dollar stores.  Rinse.  Repeat.
Just wait till New Jersey does this.  The outcry will be yuuuuge.
Haircut is $12 by me.  Full styling, more needed  for long hair is $50.
My hair is thin.   Looks better short than it ever did long.
[Federal League, didn't last long, 1914-15. ](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federal_League)
Rats
Or just have your credit card company forward all charge notices to you via email.   I know my Chase card does that.
Yeah, this works with any Chromecast device, btw.   

So, if you have a Vizio speaker with "Google Cast" or just an old speaker with a Chromecast Audio attached, you can tell it to stop or pause or rewind or fast forward.  Same goes for video.   This is soooo useful with Netflix.   I can't tell you how many times I  do a "Hey Google rewind my office tv 10 seconds" to catch missed dialog. 
The beginning of under-employment/elder care issues in the USA.    The current generation is marrying later, if at all, and postponing childbearing.    

In 10-15 years, the current batch of 50 year olds will be retiring and there won't be enough 20 year olds coming into the pipeline to keep Social Security or any other support systems going.

Worse, way too many current 50 year olds simply don't have enough money saved for retirement, so we'll see a lot requiring public assistance.  
Sounds like job security to me!  It'll take years to walk through all the existing programs and programming languages to make the change work.  
...nor do they enable Amazon Video for Chromecast.
Found the Samsung employee.
Really?  I've been using it with my Samsung Chromebook Plus with no issues whatsoever.  What Chromebook are you using?
Been suggested a lot.

I believe that the technical hitch here is that Google has no way to control the lag that could occur without connecting some kind of Chromecast tech to the headphones.  
Those great grades you got all through school and college?  They don't mean jack shit after you get your first job.   Once you're out in the real world, people care what you've done there, not in school. 
Yeah, I just expected that it would at least work.   Is it like this every night?
So yeah, that was boring.  One question, then he comes back, says there's technical difficulties, then the whole thing is over?   This is the game that's sweeping the nation??
Yup I grew up in New Jersey too!
Since this is about the 4th or 5th article I've seen on the topic, I am skeptical about the "quietly" part.
Public library?
Some kind of robotic arm that automatically pumps gas into your car without you having to get out of your car. 
You don't need to plug the adapter in unless your phone doesn't have wireless charging on its own.  You can just lay your phone down on the pad.

You forgot the free Big Mac from McDonald's and the bacon!
There are some guys in baseball who get how fortunate they are to be playing at the Major League level and who truly love the game. EYJr is one of the good guys.
That it works seamlessly with my GPM subscription that I've held since the first day GPM was in place, at no additional cost.
Yes, see my comment about "promised in a future release".

Like you, I'd love to see this happen but I really doubt it will.  Verizon has very little to gain by making it so, and they aren't the one who made the hardware anyway. 

VZW just doesn't have a good record when it comes to updates.  Did they ever get around to updating the W200V (LG Urbane) to AW 2.0 as promised?
If company is headed your way soon, close the doors to the messier bedrooms and office, and do a quick tidy (dust, mop/vacuum) on rooms that your company is likely to see (in my case this is usually bathroom, kitchen, living room).  Throw all the clutter from the rooms you want clean into the rooms that company isn't going to see.
OK, I got the whole chicken.   

But now he's running around my kitchen squawking.   How do I do this butchering thing?
My husband just replaced his this past October.   He ran it with a cracked screen (dropped it on a literal pile of rocks weeks after getting it) for over 3 years.  The only reason he finally caved and bought a new Moto G 5 Plus is because the wifi started getting dodgy.   Otherwise, he'd still be using it. 
At worst, it makes a good FM radio! 
My husband's 2013 Moto X just retired this October.
The watch has already upgraded though from 1.5 to 2.7.   Where did Verizon promise more?  Certainly [not in their initial Wear24 announcement.](http://www.verizon.com/about/news/verizon-your-destination-two-new-4g-lte-connected-smartwatches-android-wear-20)

Read [this](https://www.androidheadlines.com/2017/09/verizon-has-already-discontinued-its-wear24-smartwatch.html).  It puts the Wear24 in perspective.  It was an upsell device for Verizon.

Also note that anything "promised in a future release" is not going to happen if there is no future release.
Compound interest.

If you got your 30 year mortgage at a 4% rate  that does not mean you'll pay 104% of the price in total.  No, more like 171%,  Jack, assuming you take the whole 30 years and make regular payments.

Is frightening to think I know people who bought homes believing this.   

It's called compound interest for a reason.
I really doubt that Verizon will be updating these.   Android Wear is already at v3 but Wear24 will only go up to 2.7.   Remember these aren't even made by Verizon but by a third party.  It's not like VZW has ever cared about customer service before, why would they start now with the handful of people who purchased the watch?
I got it off of eBay for that price.

It's... Okay.

Way too big in my opinion, but then I'm coming from the smaller PTR.   I also find that the vibration is so weak I don't notice most notifications.  The watchfaces selection is also surprisingly boring compared to Pebble.

On the plus side, Google Assistant is nice.  I really like having Strava on my watch and Google Maps is good too.  

So while I'm still wearing my PTR daily, I use my wear24 for bicycle rides.  Great to have a map in my wrist.
Except for a couple of thousand baseball game broadcasts while he was a player.  If I recall correctly he was right there at first base!
Just make a thinner, lighter model closer to what Pebble Time Round provided!   All the Wear watches and the Apple Watch are monstrosities by comparison.
If you're going in and out of LGA these days, don't bother to try to bring your own car.  It's a fucking nightmare right now as they are working on rebuilding the big parking garage in front of Terminal B.

Get a ride via Uber or Lyft or anyone else.   It will be worth the money and lack of aggravation to be dropped off and picked up. 

Better yet, fly out of any other airport other than LGA if you can.   
The Lion King and Finding Nemo. 
Motorola Moto G 5 Plus.    Great battery, nice enough display.  Does everything my daughter and husband need it to do.  They didn't need or want a $1000 phone and this one looks and feels like I paid more than $229.
You can play your music on more than one Chromecast controlled speaker by adding them to groups.  For instance, I have a bunch of speakers in my house in the "All the Speakers" group.  I also have "Office Speakers" and "Upstairs Speakers".  Google Home and Mini are also Chromecast speakers, btw.   

So, for instance I can say (to my Google Home or Google Assistant on my phone), "Play Christmas Music on all the speakers" or "Play WNYC AM on my office speakers".    The speakers stay in sync just fine, btw.

However, these will not be playing the music on my phone at the same time, just on the speakers. 
Going to a restaurant and ordering "a beer".

Seriously, who does that?  At the very least you ask what's on tap, what brands they have. 
["Message for you, sir!"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3SwNXQMoNps)
Jerry Blevins is going to be the guy who replaces Keith Hernandez in the booth someday.  Mark my words.  He's a natural. 
A year or so ago, we saw a scene like this from either South Carolina or Georgia (the US state, not the one near Russia) and everyone commented about how it was because no one from there knows how to drive in the snow and ice because they don't get as much as other parts of the country.

So what's up with this?  Was this taken in a part of Russia that doesn't get too much snow or ice?   
Nah, that's huge for those of us coming from Pebble Time Round.
Software Engineering.   Will break $200K this year.
Start right in your backyard on the rail trail that goes from Goshen to Monroe!
No.  Ron Paul is no longer a legislator.
Pointing and laughing at the 29 year old who thinks this is bad.  Regards, 56 year old.
Ha.  Have you ever used Windows?  The estimation of copy time thing was always inaccurate for earlier versions.  It might be a side joke.
Why would anyone in New York settle for Domino's Pizza?
Seriously, a Domino's Pizza in New York where anyone can find higher quality pizza in any number of mom and pop places?  I'm surprised this survived at all.
Why do you care?

Buy what makes you happy.  Who cares what others think?
This.   I belong to a computer club where the over 50s are doing hobby projects where they are doing all the home automation stuff but specifically **not** connecting to cloud stuff, because they don't trust it.  So they build their own VPNs and automate tasks with stuff like OpenHAB, for instance, instead of depending on things like IFTTT.  Or they hack the Linux that's built into switches rather than depend on Alexa or Google Home to drive them.   It's decidedly harder to do, but you learn a lot more.  
Over 50?  Not so much.  Plenty of my peers use computers or work with them on a daily basis.  But then, I've been in the IT industry for 30+ years and I hang out with others who have been there too.    Up here in the Northeast, that's what has employed people.  So over 50's are plenty computer savvy.

The over 70 crowd though is less computer friendly, though even there, I think for them computers are just a means to some ends.   They use Netflix or buy stuff on Amazon.   That might be about it.  They didn't grow up with it or use it in jobs nearly as much, so they don't see the need.
Two words:    Title search.  

That is first and foremost.   The last thing you want is to find out you bought something that the seller didn't own in the first place or that you owe a ton the minute you take ownership.  
You must not be very old then.   Believe me, slut shaming and being openly racist was normal back in the 1970s.    In fact, racism was  institutionalized in parts of the US back in the 1960s.  Read up on Jim Crow laws sometime.   And if you didn't think it happened in the northern US, think again and read about Levittown and how the suburbs grew.  
People no longer care at all about the "new fall season" of television series premieres.   Back before the internet, every September would bring a new slate of television series on the Big 3 broadcasters in the US.   It would be covered extensively in the Entertainment section of the newspapers that we used to read and talked about in conversation.     Networks still do this but it is not nearly the huge event socially as it used to be and shows premiere round the calendar now, no longer clustering the vast majority of them in the fall. 
Access to news from around the world within minutes of something happening rather than hours or days.

To put this in perspective, keep in mind that the [first satellite broadcast of a televised event happened in 1962.](http://www.history.com/news/the-birth-of-satellite-tv-50-years-ago)     That was the first time any big company had done it.  

 
Nova Launcher.  Crack open your wallet and find that $5.  Well worth the additional features.
The acceptance that everyone's opinion or work is good enough to put into widely disseminated print or in video.   Back when, if you wanted your opinion out in the media you had to write a signed letter to the editor of a newspaper and the editor would verify that it was indeed your letter, usually with a phone call before printing it.  Video coverage on television was even more elusive.  Only famous or notorious people were on television, unless you were lucky enough to be on a game show.

Nowadays, any idiot can be on Reddit or YouTube.
Mets will be paying Bobby Bonilla $1.9M a year through 2035.  Roughly one 2018  [Nathan Eovaldi or Yovani Gallardo] (https://www.usatoday.com/sports/mlb/salaries/) per year until then.  
"We still have that Madoff guy's number?"

"Yeah, Fred, about that....he's a little tied up for the next 150 years or so."
Women who participate actively in the Mommy wars.

Seriously, get over yourself.    Everybody raises their kids in the best way that works for them.  I don't give a rat's ass if you hold a paying job or not.  Or how you feed your kids gluten or not, or what your neighbor's nanny did. It doesn't relate to me or my family at all and putting others down in an insecure attempt to build yourself up doesn't make you look better in anyone's eyes.   It backfires.  Do what's best for your family and let others so the same.
Flying
Exactly why I won't buy a car with Apple car play.  Complete waste of money.
Ah yes, the Old Spice of the 14-17 year old set.
Real Myst is fantastic too.  I highly recommend, especially if you have a CB with a stylus.  So handy for taking notes and capturing important clues.
Same goes for any Android phone and a Chromebook.
No idea.  Works fine from my Moto Z Play.  
A Wemo plug.
2018:. Google adds this feature at redditors' request.

Angry Reddit story one month later:  Users discover huge privacy scandal because Google is listening longer than it needs to when Google Home is prompted.
Most people aren't buying homes on 29% compound interest.
If Metro North or NJT train service reaches it, it's downstate.
It isn't the experience that makes you a dinosaur, it's the pay you demand.   Especially in IT where your experience from back in the 20th century really doesn't add up to much value versus someone who just started work in 2000 who could be making considerably less.

It's a hard reality but one way to overcome it is too pick up more skills that work across industries - leadership, writing, negotiating, selling, management and general business skills.

I'm 56 btw.  Still in IT but doing more of the business side now though I still do a fair amount of programming.
No.  Just never seemed to need to with the Moto phones (Z Play and Moto X 2014), even though I did with Samsung S3 and HTC Incredible.
RIP Pebble.
At a nearby church we had a tree dedicated to the memory of a parishioner who died in the 9/11 attacks.   It was knocked down during Hurricane Sandy.   It was quickly replaced by another tree.  So quickly that I doubt some parishioners know that the new tree isn't the original.
Disney is starting with [three](https://www.polygon.com/2017/12/14/16778668/disney-hulu-bundle-disney-ceo).  One for sports, one for entertainment, and they'll also have a controlling interest in Hulu.
Guacamole
It's mostly good for google questions.   They cannot play music nor receive broadcasts.    On occasion, the cast **from** seems to work, but even that seems dicey.   But it's a nice platform to build from.  You can extend it to do pretty much anything you want.
1 Home, 1 Mini, 2 Raspberry Pi's programmed with Google's AIY kits.
Travel wifi hubs are pretty good for this too.  
GPM because it took too long for Spotify to support Chromecast.  Yeah, I know they do now, but I'm already pretty deep into Google Music.
I never understood panic attacks until I had one.  Holy shit they suck.   
Yes.
What would they do if he tried to visit?
.....aaaand it didn't work once my metro North train went underground on Park avenue.  Oh well.
Major League Baseball Advanced Media.
This isn't news.   This was news a few months ago, not now.
You can easily set this up with Nova Launcher.
Not until Amazon Prime works with Chromecast.
Herbal tea is not really tea.
If it has SNY I'm in.
Meh,  for me, for $75 it makes a good Strava screen.  That's literally the only thing I'll use it for.  Still rocking my Pebble Time Round for everything else.
ITT:  No teachers.
Yeah.  I find that it sometimes mishears me when I say that, especially if I'm a bit far from the device.
From the Google Home app click the hamburger menu (three lines top left).  From there click ... More Settings, scroll down a bit and visit "Shortcuts".   Click the plus sign and add shortcuts filling in what to say in the top and what Google Home should do at the bottom.

So, in my case, I have [this](https://imgur.com/9y24ea6).
Works best if you build shortcuts as there are a lot of shared radio names.   For instance I set "play local NPR" to play WNYC AM.  "Play Cape NPR" plays WCAI (Cape Cod and Islands).
Sure but it would render your wireless charger cases useless.
There's a third party Google home called the TicHome which is a small portable version, battery operated.  There are also battery bases you can get for the Google home that turn it into something more portable.
I have a Google Home, Google Home Mini, a Vizio soundbar with Google Cast and three older speakers that have Chromecast audios attached.  
Everyone's forgetting the best part of Google Home:  Google Cast.    That is probably 90% of my usage.   I have different sets of audio speakers set up in my house (Upstairs, Downstairs, All the Speakers, Bedroom).   Yes, they can overlap and it works really well, just say "Play music on All the Speakers" or whatever the group name is.   

Video Google Cast is great too - "Play Stranger Things" works - and even if I start casting from my phone the Google Home will still understand "Play", "rewind 10 minutes", "Pause", etc.
The Home and Mini can both act as bluetooth receivers.  Can't push the other direction except through Chromecast.  
Google Home can broadcast as well.
Or he's negotiating on multiple fronts and trying not to drive prices up.
You can thank the Wilpons for that.
Search for recipes using your phone.

Some of them (from places like allrecipes.com, elanaspantry.com) have a link for "send to google home" on them.  [Click it and it will send it to Google](https://imgur.com/eBSyFOD).  Then just say "Start recipe" and it will have a conversation with you about the recipe.   You can say things like, "Repeat that last step".  
need to teach them about git branch or git stash at least.   
I have one Home and one Mini, I also have two Raspberry Pi Google Assistant software built thingees.    This is our usage rougly ranked by most to least.

- Listening to music/podcasts on various speakers or controlling Chromecast on my TV is probably the best and most common use of our GH's 
- Setting timers when cooking
- Setting various reminders / alarms
- Getting scores of baseball or football games (seriously?  the Giants are winning right now?)
- turning on/off lights (we use Wemo switches)
- turning up/down or checking thermostats - doing that less now that Nest seems to have gotten into a groove
- What's the weather like in [wherever I'm going]
- How long will it take me to get to [wherever I'm going]
- random Google questions that my husband and I are wondering about.
- What's my day like? 
- sending recipes to GH and having it read the instructions - I really like this feature.

Saw this in some code recently.

tempVar1, tempVar2, tmpVar3 (yes, he really did leave out the "e" just on the third one).

Seriously dude, you're giving them lame names like that but you took the time to use camelCase?
.bak files?   Is your office in 1989?
When they consider JSP + Struts the height of web application design.

Also, when you hear from a developer regarding a production error, "Well it works on my machine!"  
Right dude, so it works on your 5 year old Windows machine, which you insist on using, but the code doesn't work on the Linux production server because you're too lazy to even test it out on a Linux Docker image or VM. 
Not bad.  One kid is now gainfully employed.  Other kid is working toward an early graduation and hopefully no college loans.  I had a very good year work wise. 

We're all healthy and happy right now.

Just hoping my husband can land a new job ahead of his current job going away, probably in 2018 some time.  
The Living Years by Mike and the Mechanics is even sadder.  At least with Chapin, he and his son kept trying to get together all those years.  The Living Years is about regret about not having that great a relationship with your dad in the first place. 

Just try to remove the lump in your throat reading these lyrics:

I wasn't there that morning


When my Father passed away

I didn't get to tell him

All the things I had to say

I think I caught his spirit

Later that same year

I'm sure I heard his echo

In my baby's new born tears

I just wish I could have told him in the living years

Also, the version of this done by Warren Zevon recorded shortly before his death from lung cancer.    The whole album, The Wind, makes me cry.

In fact, [Keep Me in Your Heart, from that same album](https://play.google.com/music/preview/Twv2lx56i7hbfnxitjp2awyyvni?lyrics=1&utm_source=google&utm_medium=search&utm_campaign=lyrics&pcampaignid=kp-lyrics&u=0#) is something that should be on this list.
This is a she, but that won't stop her from driving a truck.

If you get both that HAZWOPER certificate and a class C truck license, you can make decent money in environmental cleanup.  Yup, it's literally transporting toxic waste, but you learn how to do it safely, can earn some better bucks than the minimum.  Do that for a few years, then learn more about the business end of it, and do the work that goes on behind the scenes at a desk, marketing and getting contracts from hospitals and businesses.   That can likely put your MBA to use.
What art schools give out MBAs?
I know of at least one school that won't even let you **apply** for their MBA program until you've been in the business world at least 5 years.   MBAs are only useful when coupled with real experience. 

Anyway, in the mean time, get the heck out of retail.  That's a dead end.  Instead, pick up some skills in HVAC, plumbing, electrical, or take a course that gets you a HAZWOPER certifaction.   Those at least will get you out of the minimum wage racket. 
Yeah, I'm not sure if it's because I bought the now $79 Wear24 Crapwatch from Verizon or if it is just Android Wear in general.  I paid the money figuring it would be a good test to see if Android Wear is a reasonable replacement for my Pebble Time Round.  So far, the answer to that question is a resounding no.
Stay classy Philadelphia!
There is no criticism of the Yankees in the article.  It's all on the Marlins.
Nope no round option and still a bulky block of ugly.
Yes but I wish Garmin had.
1. What watch did you choose? Include price in this too.
Picked up the Wear 24 on sale last week for $76.  I also have a Pebble Time Round 14mm model which I'm finding hard to replace.  So far, the Wear24 isn't going to do that.

2. What annoys you the most about your watch?
The Wear24 much bulky than I'm used to.  Absolutely huge compared to my svelte Pebble Time Round.  The PTR?  My only complaint is the lack of Google Search on it.  Android Wear also seems really hard to set up the way I want it to be.  For instance, I usually have my phone set to silent and I get notification vibrations on my Pebble.  But for the life of me, I can't seem to figure out how to get a notification buzz on my Android watch when my phone is set to silent.  

3. What do you like the most about your watch?
I like running Strava on the Wear 24 and controlling music from it.  So I'm using it for bike rides.  But for everything else, I still prefer the Pebble.  The Pebble is much more reliable for getting and replying to notifications, easy canned replies to messages and I prefer buttons to swiping.

4. Does your watch run Wear 2.0? If it doesn't, do you wish you had the features of it or are you fine without them?

Yes it runs 2.6 after updating.
Dental implant surgery.
Laughing about guys and their dick contests.
It would be up to the authors of the app to do that.
I wish Pocketcast would.   On Google Assistant on the phone you can say Play Up Next on Pocketcast, but it still seems to require some phone interaction.   Doesn't work on Home.  It would be awesome if it did.

Edit: typing is hard
Just keep in mind that your job is to get things and people out of their way so that they can be more productive.   A really good manager works for her people more than they work for her.
... And some serious mommy issues.
Chromecast plus Google Home/Mini makes for a great combination.   Roku best for selection of video.
Love HVFCU.  Been a customer since 1984.
Yup.   Eventually they're just going to use their 5G LTE network instead of FiOS.  It will be a lot cheaper for them.
Add your dad as a family member so that you can share books with him.

https://www.amazon.com/mn/dcw/myx.html/ref=kinw_myk_redirect#/home/settings/payment
Fair enough given that Amazon doesn't put their video on Google Chromecast.   Of course, if I'm Roku, I'm loving this.
QI charging, but no battery pack.
1.  both, but more fiction

2.  yes

3.  I usually read during my train rides in the morning (about 45 minutes), then before bed (can be anywhere from a few minutes to an hour or so).

4.  I havent really noticed.

5.  Yes , I have a Kindle Paperwhite which I use extensively.

6.  I read wherever I am.   No preference for sitting.

7.  Sometimes.
I'm looking for one now and I am sorely disappointed.  I'm coming from a Pebble Time Round which is all of 7.5mm thick.  Haven't found a reasonable substitute yet. 
Do you live, work or go to school in New York State?  If so, you are eligible for a New York Public Library card which gives you access to their pretty extensive (way more so than my local library) collection.  http://nypl.org
Watching a loved one die after they asked to be taken off of life saving equipment.
Check with the Westchester Bicycle Club, they might know people who need bikes.
I'm shocked that it would be that high. I would guess we'll still of 50% by then.  I'm 55 and the only reason I keep it around is for sports broadcasts that aren't conveniently available otherwise.

I think a lot of people younger than me, like my kids' generation, are much less likely to ever have had traditional broadcast on the first place.
For me, no.  But then, for me, a $50,000 car isn't worth it either.  It's not that I don't have the means.  I do.   Just isn't something I value.  I'd rather spend my money having a party with friends or traveling.   Perfectly content with my Moto Z Play.
An eink display.
The Google home can do this as well.  It's called broadcast.
What's worse is having the latest and greatest flagship at 9 years old.  I mean if the 9yo really needs a phone, a $99 Moto E would be fine.  Hell, my daughter's 19 and is still using her 2014 Moto E.   She's not ready to upgrade yet.   Amazing how frugal they become when they pay for things themselves!
I already speak passable Spanish, so I like Chinese would be good.  
Any kind of illness or accident that leaves you mentally incapacitated.  I've seen people with mental illness and I've seen older relatives with Alzheimer's.   The possibility of suffering this shit myself scares the hell out of me.  
Tasker allows you to automate things on your phone.   So, for instance, you can bring up applications or send a text or turn on your flashlight.    PebbleTasker allows you to assign the buttons on your Pebble to tasks.   So, for instance, I have one button assigned to turning down the volume on my phone, another to bring up Strava for a bicycle ride, another to to automatically start turn the volume all the way up and start TuneIn Radio Pro to make it easy to find my phone.
Have him put Tasker on his phone and Pebble Tasker on his Pebble to really blow your mind.
Yes there is.  I sold both my original HP CB11 and my Toshiba Chromebook on Amazon.  Thinking about trading up my Samsung CB2 for a Pixelbook.
I'm binge watching old episodes of Hill Street Blues on Hulu.  Fay Furillo is even more annoying than I remembered.
They actually have quite a bit and a year isn't a very long time. It took over 2 years for the Nixon Watergate investigation to get to the point where Nixon had to resign.  The FBI started to investigate in June, 1972.  Nixon stepped down August, 1974.  
Wasn't Ken Starr looking into the Whitewater deal?   But ultimately that proved to be not much so they impeached Clinton on a perjury charge for lying about a blowjob.

Same thing.   Special investigators can go anywhere once they get started.  
Yes, it is illegal by the Logan act.   Also definitely illegal to lie about it repeatly to the FBI.   [Also illegal to conspire to kidnap a Turkish guy.](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/nov/10/michael-flynn-trump-turkish-dissident-cleric-plot)  That last one is probably what they hung over him and his son to get him to cop a plea.

Also illegal to leave it off of the security clearance forms you file things concerning contact with foreign agents when you are on your way into a White House job.   That's where they'll start with Kushner.   
The other felonies they had him and his son lined up for are pretty damned [serious ones having to do with the back channel discussions to kidnap a Turkish dissident.](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/nov/10/michael-flynn-trump-turkish-dissident-cleric-plot)

He is totally fucked if he doesn't testify.
MLB doesn't necessarily own it.
I don't know if they deserve this roasting.  I, for one, rather like going to Citified South where the cheers for the Mets are louder than those for the Marlins.
More universe
Finish the jingle....

"Winston tastes good like a...."
Guy I know when he was working: blacks/immigrants can't get jobs because they're lazy.

Same guy, after getting laid off and jobless now for more than a year:. It's Obama's fault I don't have a job!
I make it a point to never visit a web site direct from email and any email asking for an SSN could be a scam.   Give PayPal a call directly to see what's up.
"Nice house you got there.  Be a shame if something happened to it."
Nativist basically meant supporting white people who weren't recent immigrants.  So no Irish, Italian, Polish, etc.
It won't come with iTunes support probably ever since Apple wouldn't want that to happen.  Better to switch to a music service it supports like Spotify or Google Music.  Those will also work on your idevices.
Actually there are several good ones in the $200 range, particularly from Motorola.   Have a look on Amazon.
You can do it from the Chromecast icon on your phone, but it doesn't seem to work from Google Home.
Eh, I'm not usually next to it anyway.
Oh yeah???   Well I......uh......can't really argue with that point.

Sigh.
Wall Drug sounds like the ["South of the Border"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_of_the_Border_\(attraction\)) of the Western US. 
The St. Louis Arch from the inside.   You get crushed into these tiny rickety elevators.  Then you get to the top, look out the window and realize that the only interesting thing in the St. Louis skyline is the arch and you're inside of it.    
Cockatiels are awesome birds.
I guess I should be thankful my team's bandwagon is pretty rickety.
Visual Basic
Negotiation.
Lots of companies do that.  Not just Starbucks.
I'm going to recommend against Walmart bikes.  They tend to ruin the experience and turn people off to bicycling because they are poorly equipped and usually poorly assembled.

Instead, look for a well used bike on Craigslist or at your local bike shop.  One that someone road for a while and then upgraded.   You'll learn how much you like it without getting frustrated by mushy brakes or frames.
V5.x was significantly better than v4.3.    It brought much faster performance, material design, and more importantly, the new Google Services that is sort of a proto-Treble in that that Google can independently update without needing the OEMs.
Doesn't Microsoft understand that I'm less likely to use any of their products if they don't allow it to run anywhere I want?  These days, even my workplace uses Google Docs.  So I'm finding less and less reason to use it.

I realize that office has more features, but it's not enough of a value add anymore to make me run out and buy a Windows system.
If you're doing Van Cortland Park, you'll want to bring something with thicker tires than a road bike as the part that connects to the South County Trailway is narrow, dirt road with tons of tree stumps and mud.
Nope, nope, nope.    I live here to **not** be in NYC.  


I've kept up by being in the technology business.   I have to keep up with the younger kids, so I just keep learning.    But seriously, there's a great deal of information online - khanacademy.com, lynda.com, or just youtube.  It's all good. 
There's also a similar trolling nearby [across from the Verizon Store.](https://www.google.com/maps/@40.7552982,-73.9852287,3a,75y,319.71h,103.91t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sAdapDJzyPtPjM9uRx-VPyw!2e0!7i13312!8i6656)
I have to ask, does he still use the not-so-PC references in his performances today?
WFUV and WSPK (The Peak) played it.   We tuned into the Peak on my way to my sister's until the signal faded.  Then we had to switch mid-way through the bit to WFUV.   Thank God we found it or it just would've messed the whole Thanksgiving Mojo. 
You'd get run over by those crazy Maryland drivers before you had the chance.  Driving in MD makes driving in NJ look sane, which isn't an easy thing to do.
Didn't want to get into the Taylor ham versus Pork Roll contest.

Because of course, it's Taylor ham.  
Android Pay.   Lots of places on NYC take it as they have iPads set up for Apple pay.  So Android works there too.
Most American thing : Two eggs, any style, with bacon, ham or sausage (complete with home fries,  toast and a bottomless cup of coffee, of course).

The most New Jersey thing would be being able to order that in any diner in the state at 3 am. 
Laughing a people struggling with the tasks of child rearing.   It's really great when the kids are grown up and self sufficient.
Yes, we are in the infancy of this.

That's why it is very important for companies to NOT preannounce stuff too early.  IBM and Microsoft got hauled into court over stuff like this in the 1980s, over "vaporware" announcements that were made and that did not come out in a timely manner.   Google could very well get hauled into court as well. 

If Google isn't ready to put stuff out within a few short months of announce, they shouldn't announce.   
Yeah that works and that is good.   But what I'm looking for is to see my calendar events and/or the weather report if I ask.  
Found the North Jersey person.
My daughter came home from college for Thanksgiving.   Son's coming tomorrow.  Love having all of us at the dinner table at the same time again.
This is one I'd really like to see actually come to fruition.   Has anyone seen even a beta of this?
It's okay.  But not nearly as friction free as Amazon.   The thing that ticks me off about it is that coupons from the various vendor are useless.  So, for instance, you can't use your Kohl's coupons to buy Kohl's merchandise.  For stores where coupons buy you deep discounts like Kohl's and Bed, Bath and Beyond, it's just better to use their own websites.  

I'm also not a huge user of voice for shopping.   I always want to read the reviews, check on the pictures of the item first.  
Yeah, about that....[HBO content is going away once the contract with HBO is up.](http://variety.com/2017/tv/news/hbo-amazon-shows-leaving-streaming-platform-2018-1202407887/)  HBO has their own OTT offering now. 
You would have thought that all the outraged conservatives from the last 5 or 6 years of Starbucks-is-killing-Jesus controversies would have left us with none of them even going to Starbucks for coffee anymore.  I mean I get that you're outraged but then shouldn't that mean that you don't ever shop at Starbucks again?  Why do you come back every single, damned year?   Is it just to inspect the cups or that Jesus told you the pumpkin spice macchiatos are too good to pass up?
"Don't press for that raise.  You don't ever want to make more money than your husband."
Get them a Moto phone.  Two chop gestures to toggle the flashlight.
I'm 55.  How old do you have to be?
When the battery can't last the day anymore.  I get the feeling that will take more than 3 years with my Moto Z play.
The reason you can buy houses in some places for less than $100K is because there are few jobs or infrastructure there.
You also forgot to mention that you used to be able to get more than a fraction of a percent on a bank passport savings account.   These days, it just doesn't pay to save unless you want to risk it in the market.
For the record it will also broadcast from a Raspberry Pi running the AIY software to any Google home device.  But not the other way around.
Do people still bother with flashlight apps?
Money to spend on...uh, faking moon landings!
55 year old mom of two and 33+ years in the software biz.  My husband wants nothing to do with tech.  I'm the one who sets up the routers and media stuff in our house and who has 3 Raspberry Pis. 
Yes.  A lot of that comes from being generally healthy, having the hard part of raising my children behind me, and having saved enough for my retirement that I know I could weather getting laid off at any time.
Because they are a hardware company, not really a software company.
Credit Unions are wonderful.  
Wells Fargo.

My husband and I were shopping around for a mortgage refi a few years back.  WF had purchased our first mortgage and we knew that we were overpaying.

We went to our credit Union, got a very nice offer, no points, at 3.75%.

When WF found out we weren't refinancing through them they had a sales person call us and claim to us that New York State had a refinance tax that we'd have to pay if we switched our mortgage to someone else.  It would supposedly negate any benefit we would see by going through our credit Union. Of course we called his bluff.   They sent us an offer anyway that didn't come close to our cu.

And of course there was no tax.  When we called WF back to talk to the salesman, he denied up and down ever claiming what he told us.  When we sent the email that he sent us with the same claim, he then claimed that he misunderstood what we were asking.  Sure.

So we pulled all our WF accounts.  Haven't been back since.
I think the are certain features that Google has reserved for their own devices.   Phone calling, News reading and receipt of broadcasts are a few.
If you have the time, have a listen to This American Life's 129 Cars podcast.   It's a month in the life of a Chrysler dealership on Long island.  Very entertaining but shows just how desperate and sleazy car sales can be.
Every single time a salesman tried a hard sell on me, especially after I've said no.   That's a sure fire way to get me to never visit your store or showroom again.
No complaints here and still getting great battery life.
I got an assistant survey too today.  This one immediately after I asked "reasons for using docker with AWS".
Hardly "dying", baseball is making more money than ever.   The ratings for the last two post seasons have been better than ever.    Instead, it's football that's currently on the ropes.
Is it Chromecast/Google cast capable or does it just have its own casting app?   If you want it to work with Google Home it has to be Google Cast compatible.   Vizio, for instance, works great with Google Home.
Yes, I have 2 Chromecast dongles attached to speakers in the bedroom and office, plus a Google Home and a Visio soundbar (with Google cast but in) in our dining room/living room.

I use "play music on all the speakers" quite a bit.  I also have groupings for "upstairs" and"downstairs" as well as an "all but the office" group for when someone is watching TV in the office.
Check on property taxes too.
Undertow is also a pretty nasty thing.

I've seen this down the Jersey shore a lot.   People think the danger is that the wave will come over your head.   That's not the danger.  The danger is that the sand is pulled out from under your feet very quickly.   It's more like you slip down and under the water because there is no longer any ground underneath you.  Little kids who don't weigh much can get pulled down and out pretty quickly if parents aren't watching.
Wear sunscreen?
I hope so too.  Good luck to you.
Wonderfully.  I'm using it today.
Rides designed by [Escher](http://www.mcescher.com/gallery/impossible-constructions/).
Your father is faking it.  
I'm 55.   If you're 45 and you haven't started taking care of your health and saving for retirement, you had better get started.  

I've seen far too many relatives and friends in the 60-65 range pass away because they didn't take care of their health.  The latest just this week.  They drank too much and/or smoked too much, they weighed too much, they never exercised.  They died of various ailments, but would have lived longer lives had they just taken better care of their bodies to begin with.  Two close relatives died young in part because they were not eligible for transplants because of weight  problems and alcohol history.   Meanwhile, my dad is living his 20th year with a transplanted liver.  He's 85.  He cleaned up his act much earlier and is alive and well to see the next generation because of that.

I've also seen people get to age 60 and suddenly have to stop working because of health issues or other reasons.  They suddenly found that their savings was too meager because they had counted on working to age 70 and didn't plan on huge medical expenses before that.   They're finding that even the huge McMansions they bought and expensive cars they have don't provide the liquidity they need.  Mostly because they still owe money on them.

You're not as young as you think you are if you are overweight, abusing your liver, smoking and/or not exercising, and not saving anything.  

If you're 65, and still working, I'd love to know what kind of work you're doing and how it is different from the work you did at 55. 
Tomorrow's headline, "KJU responds, 'Oh yeah, well you're a poopie-face!   Trump responds, 'Well....then.....uh.....You're a diarrhea face!"
Facebook.
I'll take "Foods that look the same before you eat them and after you barf them up" for $400, Alex.
A lot of these come directly from the MacBook playbook.
Newspapers.  Every single one of them.   There's no value placed on accurate reporting or editing anymore.
Shipping is $15?   Fuck that.
The internet.  Eventually everything will go behind paywalls.
Contributing a shitload of money to my retirement funds.   Paying my kids' college bills out of another fund which we staahed money in from her birth, ensuring that she will not need a loan for her bachelor's degree at least.
Signed baseballs from the 2000 and 2006 All Star game.  They are signed by each member of the NL team for that year.
Moto Z Play.   Bought it for the kickass battery a year ago.  The battery still kicks ass, 9-11 hours screen on time is pretty typical. Easily go two days on a charge.   I like the Moto mods too.

Very happy with it.  Great buy for under $400.
One.  They had one.  How many mass casualty gun events has the US had?  That's the whole point.
But can't you just load up Alexa software and use the JBL speaker mod?
Here's hoping they fix that soon.
I can't think of a single reason I would buy this.

My phone already has Google Assistant and I have a JBL Moto mod already.
I was born in the US and I are going to be in the office tomorrow and will be back in the office on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday off so I can get a ride to the airport on the train now and I have a few questions about the state of the union and I are going to be in the office tomorrow and will be back in the office tomorrow and will be back in the office tomorrow and....


Guess I travel a lot and have little regard for grammar.
Didn't iPhones have a bunch of problems with Daylight Saving Time a few years ago?
Nice!  I'm happy to see that they didn't get the Gen1 finicky 3 piece arcade button that doesn't match the one in the booklet like I did!
Email is not immediate and cannot provide screen share or video chat.   Slack can provide both, as well as basic text, plus provides links to alerts from things like Jenkins and Rundeck, which we use to check on our deployment chain.
Sounds like stuff we put in a bird feeder here in the US.
Only if you have a CEC capable TV.   
I'm happy with the Soundboost 1.   It does the job.   I use it to turn my phone into a clock radio at bedside.   Perfect for listening to late night MLB games or setting Google Music sleep function.   

For battery pack, I have the Incipio wireless charging one.   Like you, I keep it in my "go bag" for business travel.    It's useful to get my Z Play through an extra 8 or 10 hours on a weekend if I need to.
Guess that [visa lottery for foreign workers](http://www.palmbeachpost.com/business/employers-use-more-foreign-workers-trump-wins-visas-for-mar-lago/XG0GxJIyqb4Z4WxRjwT45J/) will be sticking around then.
These are the scams that really make me shake my head.  Why on Earth would the IRS want a gift card?   Wouldn't you find that just a little suspicious?
It doesn't upset me as much as it used to.   So much of the changes for 7 and 8 seem small from a usability standpoint anyway.  A lot of the changes for Android have been coming through Google Services anyway.
New Yorkers laugh at anyone who buys and consumes chain pizza.
Censorship and paywalls on a large scale are coming to the internet.  By 2030, we'll look back on this time as the Golden Age of the Internet.
Probably not.  I just use my own.
Absolutely correct.  The West Side Greenway was as crowded as ever yesterday and today.   Cyclists don't scare easy, especially NYC cyclists.
Use the blocker on your messaging app.
Lost 19 pounds so  far.

Wouldn't this depend on the actual distance of your commute?   I'd think that a 15 mile commute would burn more than a 3 mile one would.   

In fact at the low end would a 2 to 3 mile walk be as efficient as cycling?
I've yet to see or hear a single person on either side of the aisle arguing for a yes on this.   Seriously,. Is there anyone for it?
I'm a 55 year old mom of two college aged kids.   I'm also a software engineer and tech lead.   In my house, it's me, the wife, who sets up the router, fixes balky computers and hacks around with Raspberry Pis.  My husband, the accountant, wants nothing to do with tech.
Instead of early retirement, consider getting a "retirement job".  That is, get a different, lower stress job.  It may pay less than what you are doing now but maybe it pays enough to keep you interested?
I don't generalize about entire generations of people.  That wouldn't make any sense given the huge diversity of that number of people.
This makes me sick to my stomach.

I **love** the Westside Greenway.  
Yes.  Sadly, this.  Those of us who have had to clean up houses on the aftermath know all too well just how much people smoked.
"but then turned off"??
Pretty chunky looking though.  Click through to the Kickstarter page to see how thick this is.  Way bigger than PTR.
Be aware that the Assistant support for the seems not too great.

With my HP, Assistant/Google Home will gladly tell me what the temperature is and what it is set to but if I try to set the temperature, it says it can't do that.

I've unlinked and reset it up with Assistant a bunch of times.  Still doesn't work as advertised.[Proof](https://i.imgur.com/q4zUWhr.png)
Yup. They did.
There are quite a few time when I take it off completely, like when I'm working on the kitchen.   For me, it's nice that I don't have to pick it up at all to read it.
Well this is a very small PTR, the smallest they make.  Could be that the larger one gets more.  I also know that the square Pebble easily go a week or more between charges. 
It's just on all the time.   No wrist turning needed.  Y'know, like a real watch.  It helps that it's a form of e-paper / e-ink (purists will correct me on that I'm sure) which is very low power.  
Did you get the three piece arcade button rather than the one piece one that's shown in the book?   

I ended up giving up on that one and ordered the one piece arcade button from Adafruit.   I had to recrimp the wires a bit but it works now.
Wemo works well with Google Assistant.
Does it work well with Strava?
If Apple supported Android and if they put out a round watch, I might consider it.
I have to ask.   Did you get the three piece arcade button or one piece?   The three piece one was a real pain to put together.  Especially since the book I got with the kit was meant to be used with the one piece.   If you had to put the led together and snap out into a holder you have the three piece.
I go by the Rule of Fredo.   Truly smart people don't feel the need to tell you that they're smart.  
Questioning stuff they read/see on the internet.  Digging for sources.
A bit too bulky for my wrist.   
Still using my Pebble Time Round.   Still works fine.   I still get two days plus on a charge.  I know that other Pebble models can get more.  But I like the round display. 

So far the only watch that I would consider buying after the PTR is the Garmin Vivoactive 3.   It's not perfect, but it is much better than what Fitbit put out there. 
That didn't seem to make sense given the diversity of the oceans.
It's worse when the parent was actually super successful at their thing and junior just isn't as talented.  
Parents who let their kids run around in a restaurant.

Back when I waitressed tables I recall almost being plowed into by two wild, running brats as I was carrying a freshly brewed pot of coffee and a tray of hot meals.  

Parents never batted an eye. 
For those of us coming from Pebble, it's a non-negotiable item.   I don't want to downgrade my watch to one that doesn't have always on capability that doesn't drain the battery horribly.
I find the whole "page o' icons" look of iOS infuriating.  I mean really, 10 years later and they couldn't come up with anything better?
Fun fact.  [The same artist is also responsible for those "Real Men of Genius" Budweiser ads.](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dave_Bickler)
Under device settings, choose Google Home and visit "Enable night mode".  It allows you to set times and days of week, plus the LED brightness and Maximum volume during these times.

Hmmmm....it occurred to me that I'm on the Preview program, so not sure if this is rolled out to just that or to everyone yet. 
Nice.  I missed this yesterday because I worked in midtown rather than downtown (where my route usually takes me along the Greenway).   Hoping we have quite a few more nice fall days before it gets nasty cold by the river.
If it helps there's at least a quiet time you can set now so that your "turn off the lights now" isn't met by a booming confirmation at 2am.  It doesn't completely mute it, but it does make it significantly quieter.
Very cool.  If you start on one device, you can pick up the conversation with Dustin on another device.  

Also works with text typing on your phone.  Nicely done.
Hoping the Mini comes down a bit too.   I'd love to see something like a 3/$100 deal.
All hail the Eastern Seaboard Megalopolis.
Huh?  Mine still shows my calendar, my shipments, weather, traffic.  

Using it on my Moto Z Play w/Nova Launcher.
Amazon doesn't support Chromecast.  But, you could just use screen casting from either your Android phone or a Chromebook.
Heh.  This.  I'm 55 and ride bicycles with a bunch of retirees.   I'm still working so sadly I don't make the weekday rides.  But I suspect that it is full of all the 65 and up kids.

One guy is pretty deep into his 80s and has ridden better than ever in the past year.
Where do you live?   If you live in a high tax, high priced housing area, it's likely that they've outpriced those on fixed income.

Head to a cheaper, low tax state like Florida.  Tons of seniors there.
So long as you're well lit, yes, on one way streets that can be true, particularly where there is construction, double parked cars, or angled parking.
It all started with Norfolk's fuck you to the Mets which left the Mets scrambling.  Then again with Buffalo.   

Maybe if the Mets could negotiate better they wouldn't have been left with the dregs of Minordom.  I think at least some of the blame has to go to the ownership here.
Yeah the movie gets into that.
What actually took a long time, for some reason, was the reboot after the install.   I was staring at the cycling Moto and Lenovo logos going back and forth for at least 10 minutes all by itself.  

Maybe it matters that I have >100 apps on my phone?
Exactly.  It's surprising how many Red Sox fans still think that if Buckner fielded that ball the game was over and the Red Sox win.

They completely forget that it was the bullpen meltdown of Shiraldi and Stanley that doomed them.  Buckner just accelerated it.
Me too. Be aware that this one takes a while to install.  Took forever (25 minutes) to get back to a point where I could use the phone.
Sounds like every town of comparable size in upstate New York.
Except that the highjacker never went by DB Cooper.  He said his name was Dan Cooper.  DB was a creation of the news media.
Snooze emails
Inbox for everything.
"How's traffic on my way to work?"
Isn't that the way Assistant works in every other phone?  Hold down the home button and up comes Assistant.
Extra points of you are a drummer.
Many times but most memorable might be the time I saw a rider cartwheel off his motorcycle in the opposite lane on a highway.  

Scary thing to see but apparently the guy survived.
The glamorous world of pro baseball.
I just don't want apps that I would never use taking up space.  Just put your goodies on the play store and I'll grab them if I feel the need.

 For instance, Samsung had a tendency to replicate every app that already comes with Android.    Enough with the duplicate notes, chat, calendar, web browser, etc.   They should at least be removable.  The mobile providers are worse.  A navigation/map?   Nope.  Don't need it.  Contacts app?  Nope.  Don't give me 5 gig of stuff I'll never use.
I still exchange Christmas cards with some from high school and I'm regularly in touch with my old roommate from college.
Because bringing my bicycle (plus the change of clothes, helmet and work stuff I already carry) onto Metro North on a crowded rush hour train and then trying to store it in or near my cramped office is too much of a hassle for a 3 mile ride from GCT to Chelsea/Meatpacking.
Recall that there were plenty of predictions of deaths before Citibike happened too.

To date there's been one.

I'm not defending ebikes.  Frankly I don't enough about them to make a judgement.  Just pointing out that projections of fatalities are sometimes misplaced.
No
Do we have a reliable source for this?  Wikipedia isn't.
Helping a relative who is living their final days.   Sucks but it puts a lot of things in perspective too.
Not really.   There's always an upside to look forward to.

Kids out of college and on their own, so we have a ton of cash flow now that we never had before.  Also looking forward to retiring and travel.

What I do fear is getting out of shape and neglecting my health.  I've seen three of my husband's siblings die young (60s).  They all could have extended their lives if they kept themselves in better shape.
Came here to say something like this.   This is not the "best team money can buy" Yankees, that would be the Dodgers for the past few years.  I loathe the Yankees and I do think they have an ugly stadium full of a lot of bandwagon fans.

But I have to respect what they've done this year.  They have an exciting team and have gotten great pitching.

I'm still rooting for the Astros, but if it is Yankees-Dodgers on the series, it would be very hard for me to root for Chase Utley's team even if it is also Curtis Granderson's and Justin Turner's team.
People who ride on sidewalks are morons.  

Last week I was walking up 5th avenue and almost got hit head-on by a pedicab who was riding in the sidewalk.   

People who do shit like this piss me off more than cranky cabbies who cut you off turning left when you have the right of way.
I'm a cyclist and I agree 100% with this.  They also make you more visible during the daytime.
That was the first thing I looked for after watching this.   Will subscribe.
Mad dad is the best dad.
Like the Onhub?
Hmmm.....[sure sounds as if it affects routers.](https://www.androidcentral.com/these-are-router-makers-have-patched-krack-wpa2-wi-fi-flaws) 
Horseradish: hold my beer.....
Someone hung up this picture in his cube in my office.
Any word on the WPA KRACK bug?
Of course not, which is why I didn't say anything of the sort.  The allegations about Clinton should be investigated, of course they should.

But your argument is basically, "But what about?..." followed by allegations about someone who is not the topic of the conversation in this thread.  

The discussion here is about Trump, who is president right now.   We can't change the past but we can certainly look into the allegations following the guy who is in office right now.

Feel free to start another thread about Clinton if you want.


Right but he's not the president anymore.  We're talking about the guy who is.
Reading the headline I thought, "Well maybe he should stop nagging his wife?"
A few were signing autographs at the 2013 All Star Game Fanfest in NYC.   The line was long!
Google Photos.   
AGAIN!
Older men wearing toupees that are obviously not their true hair color.

Seriously guys, grey hair is okay, so is baldness.  Both can be hot.   Toupees that don't match your age aren't.
Found a bug.  

I told my phone to "listen to the news on my bedroom speaker".  It did so but it also played the news on my phone and seemed to lose the Chromecast notification that I usually get.  So in order to stop my speaker I had to go into the Google home app.

This didn't seem to happen with "Play music...", Just with "listen to the news".
Moto Z Play because

1. Battery
2. Battery
3. Battery
4. Moto mods - one of which is Wifi chargeable battery giving my phone even more ridiculous screen on time.
Haven't seen that at all.   Have you reported this to Google or your Chromebook manufacturer?
I seem to recall that Cablevision tried this years back and was eventually forced to offer their MSG networks at the same price to Verizon Fios.

Thank God we have a pro consumer FCC.  

Oh wait.
Matt Wieters makes Travis D'Arnaud look like an all-star.
Cubs all the way for me.  I like the Astros too.   Worst matchup is Yanks-Dodgers.
It's his island too.
You have to get over it.   I have my one glass of wine and then switch to club soda.  If anyone says anything about it I tell them, "yup, I'm a lightweight".   I don't really give a fuck what they think about that.  I've been working at high paid jobs for 30+ years.  It's never hurt me to not get sloshed.
So you can hear it better.
[Washington Nationals hat looks exactly like the Walgreens logo](http://www.seocial.com/walgreens-washington-nationals-logo-trademark/).
American football has National and American Football conferences (NFC and AFC) which are on turn split into North, South, East and West conferences.
Software developer to Ops:  "Well it worked on my machine!"
I saved a lot of money and I did a lot of living.  I just didn't spend as much as some other people while doing it.  My husband and I have always lived well beneath our means.   We have north of $2M so far.   You'd never know it looking at our home (1400 sqft in an average northeast US neighborhood) or car (2003 Subaru Outback).

Life is pretty  awesome.  Our 2 kids will be done soon with college and that's been fully funded for a while.  Mortgage will be done next year.    We're starting some improvements on our home and planning some vacations and retirement.   
Color me shocked.
New York is the name of both a city and a state.  How did this distinguish between the two?
Because it's revolutionary.
Yeah I do 9th sometimes, just hate all the construction and I find that I get there in the same time if I take the Greenway.  Less traffic stops.
Thank you.    Yeah, 55th might be a good bet.  I honestly don't mind increasing my ride a bit. 
16th st and 10th Ave bike rack below Highline
Mostly because my phone isn't always where I need it to be whereas my GH is centrally located.  

Also, phones do not yet do "Play Breaking Bad on Netflix on my Office TV" or "Play the latest Freakonomics podcast on all my speakers". 
Coral
That was my reaction too.  Maybe because that's exactly how I use my Raspberry Pi Google Assistant.  I simply say "Hey Google, listen to music on my office speaker".   Done.
It's been my tablet substitute since before Android team on it.   I just found no need to use my iPad or Kindle Fire any longer after I started using Chromebooks back in 2014.   Adding Android and stylus is just icing on the cake.
Yes, that's exactly how I use it.    And it is a Chromecast Audio feature.   Chromecast Audio is built into all Google Home devices as well.   Really great for my work from home days.   

Note that you don't have to use voice to use Chromecast groups either.   You can just start your favorite audio app, click the Chromecast icon and select your grouping of speakers.   And of course,  speakers can belong to multiple groups (e.g. I have Upstairs, Downstairs, All the Speakers).  
They're great but the Cuisinart is better.  Cleans better and cooks with more consistency.
If you consistently ride it and avoid the subway, it pays for itself.  I road most days from May to September from GCT to Chelsea.  Was definitely worth it.  Lost 15 pounds so far.  

I brought a change of clothes with me everyday and kept a toiletry kit at work so that I could wash and change after riding.
Chromecast.   If you have older speaker systems, buy a Chromecast dongle and you can play music/radio/podcasts/whatever on it from your Google Home.

Also comes built into newer speakers from Vizio/Sony, others.
To me that's the killer feature for Google Home.

"Play music on all my speakers" (including the ones that predate Bluetooth but have $35 Chromecast dongles keeping them useful) and "play Stranger Things on my office tv".
Somebody will pick them up.
Bacon flavored corn!
That's why you put the PBA sticker on the car.
BTW, the best way to get the pay you deserve is to get a job offer from another company with better pay.  If you are a good employee, IBM will most certainly counteroffer in an attempt to keep you.

I got a 25% raise counteroffer from IBM, which my new company met (and then bettered given that I pay no health premiums to cover my family and get much better bonuses and raises here).  
This.  My husband has hearing aids that have some special options built in to differentiate between music and conversation.   He uses the music setting when he performs with his group.   Conversation setting is for restaurants and other crowded places.  It costs a pretty penny (>$5000) but they are worth it.

But even though hearing aids are good, they are not a 100% solution.   We still have to seek out more quiet restaurants to have any kind of conversation.  Restaurants that play loud music are off our list.
I'll never be able to throw the ball all the way from 3rd base to 1st ever again.   Had my shoulder operated on years ago and even though the physical therapy worked great, I'll always be a little weaker in that arm.

I now really do throw like a girl.

Source:  I'm a girl.  Used to be able to throw the ball like a guy.
Decaf espresso works pretty well.  Same strong flavor.  Of course, no "decaffeinated" beverage is 100% UN-caffeinated, but it's usually a very small dose.   

Try that and see if it fits the bill. 