How do you get the big mass of plants in the middle. Are they growing off driftwood?
Hi! Messaged you about buying the 90G as a set. Hopefully it's still available!
I think ghost shrimp are the cheapest! My LFS has 4 for a $1 usually.
Bay Bridge Aquarium in Oakland, Albany Aquarium and Tropical Fish World in El Cerrito.
To be totally honest, I was bored and kinda depressed with school. I also loved the aesthetics of having a nice planted tank. My girlfriend ended up getting me a beautiful betta fish with one of those lame 1 gallon tanks. 

I immediately got him a 5 gallon tank with filters and heaters and I loved seeing the immediate difference in behavior and color. Then I got live plants, upgraded to a 10 gallon, got more live plants, changed to a sand substrate, more live plants, more tanks. 

So now it's just an awesome, but expensive hobby. I enjoy putting in work to ensure my betta is as happy as he can be.
I saw this young boy and his mother at Petco once. He first looked at the turtles on display and wanted a worker to help him. I walked away to look at fishes. I see them again and instead of turtles, they have 3 Bettas in their basket...

It broke my heart and I got so angry. I just knew that the little boy was impatient and ignorant of proper fish care and thought it would be cool to have 3 Bettas in one small tank. No water conditioner, no heater, no filter. I highly doubt that they have a good aquarium setup at home, but I really hope I was wrong. 

I should have spoken up and asked them why they were getting 3 Bettas but I felt like I would just explode at mother for her sheer irresponsibility of treating a living thing like that.
I just tried taking off the fan shroud and reseating the LED connector. They still do not work. At this point, I have a valid reason to RMA, right?
RIP. I still have 30 days to return it. I guess the plan is that if I can snag a similarly prices 1080TI, then I'll return the Zotac.
Please tell me.
Yeah I can totally see that. I just would rather have it working and I turn it off/on when necessary instead of being forced to be off.

I'm more concerned as to if the LED's not working now indicated it's just faulty hardware and the entire GPU can fail.
We can both try to remember haha. And I'm in Berkeley 
I don't have any this weekend. They'll definitely grow back again by next week so I can give you some then.
It's difficult, but I had to move my 10 gallon and 20 gallon tank back and forth from SF to LA via driving. I would advise that over having a smaller tank.
What's your point? 
That looks great. I might do this myself because I hate seeing the poor Bettas at my LFS
Are you using Flourish Excel or dosing other liquid carbon? Mine stopped dying after I quit dosing liquid carbon in my tank.
So how do you feed them? I'm using Hikari sinking wafers. I take a quarter of a wafer and crush it up. But I don't really find them eating and the food just sits there on the sand.
Mine do the same thing! I find it so cute. How many do you have in your tank?
I usually cut my and replant before it does that. I find that plants usually wither away and die when exposed to air. 
Sounds good. As long as the cories are fine, I'd much rather wait at least a month before I add more fish.

Thank you!
My ADF has those bumps on its skin and gets fat after a good meal of bloodworms.
So I'm a bit of a pickle right now.

Do I just not get more pygmy cories until my tank settles down? I'm worried that months down the line, the pygmys will get super stressed because there is only two in there.
I had one die this morning before I made this post. Water change was on Wednesday and I did not dose Excel after that. I will keep a close eye on them.

Now the dilemma is when do I get more pygmy cories? I don't want to spend a lot of money buying 6 more cories just to have them die because whatever is happening in my tank isn't resolved. But if there are just two in there, then they get stressed, right?
I'll try leaving out a cup and measuring the pH after.

And yes I use Seachem Prime.
My last water change was on Wednesday. Any idea why the pygmies 
 are exhibiting symptoms (thrasing, darting) right now? 
I'm guessing that my LFS is using some expensive filters and additives to make the pH neutral then?
I usually caught them dead within hours of them dying. Perhaps that's why I didn't have a significant ammonia spike.

Either way, I guess I can't keep pygmies because of my high pH water. :(
I updated my post with a short video of my pygmy cory. I just saw him moving around all erratically. I predict I'll find him dead within 24 hours.

Does this align with pH shock?
I have a 20" piece of driftwood in there. That must be why the pH is lower. I also add almond leafs every once in a while. 

So my fluctuating pH may be a potential issue. My 20G with neon/cardinal tetras, skirt tetras, and glowlight tetras seem to be doing fine and it also has large pieces of driftwood. It must be because they're more hardy than pygmies. :/
Possibly. I'm not sure why my tank water is 7.0-7.2 while out the tap is 9.0-9.4.

I test my tap water right now and it's about 8.4+. 

I haven't really noticed my fish suffering after a water change. Only the pygmies seem to exhibit the symptoms, namely the going upside down and darting/thrashing.

What are my options to stabilize my pH? I know those liquid pH adjusters are bad.
Oh jeez.. I'm missing the basic information. It's at 78-79F right now.
From what I can tell, my betta is curious but doesn't attack. He doesn't seem to be biting or anything. 

Actually, I forgot to update the post about cory behavior before they die. They frantically swim to the surface to seemingly get air, but when they reach the surface, they turn upside down and stay there. It's like a swim bladder issue or something. They also sporadically swim and do this torpedo movement. I find them dead within 24 hours.

The pH in my tank is 7.0-7.2. I just tested it right now. I live in the East SF Bay and according to my tap water quality report, calcium is 2-9 ppm, hardness as CaCO3 is 10-32 ppm, pH is 9.0-9.4.
Smart! I'll do this 
Ah I see. I have the Amazon Visa card and it's quite awesome !
Well I wasn't specifically talking about the $450 purchase when I mentioned the financing. As I said, I can pay it off right now. I'm just seeing if this is a good opportunity to open one vs. just paying it full up front.

I guess I'm missing something. What's the point of having a credit card if you can always pay for everything up front? I always pay in full the 3 credit cards I have right now. I just see the BB financing as an convenient way of making an emergency purchase without exhausting my emergency funds and without paying interest (as long as I pay it off within the period)
Does the sick fish happen to dart for the surface for air and kind of just stay there upside down? 
Oh and thank you for the Excel information! I've always felt uneasy dosing Excel. Now I have some confirmation that it's not healthy for my tank so I'll stop dosing it and get a CO2 kit
That's very interesting. Ive just been having weird deaths in my tanks. A couple of months ago in my 20 gallon, my new neons were dying one by one. My new pygmys are also doing the same. Both tanks are cycled, planted, and have plenty of filtration. 

Coincidentally, I stopped dosing floruish Excel for a few days and my pygmy deaths stopped as well. I have 3 remaining out of 8 :( 

I'm guessing it's a combination of not being acclimated to the Excel + being stressed during the move.
My recently acquired pygmy cories have been dropping like flies. Could it be the Flourish Excel that is killing them? I thought it was safe as long as you are following the dosage on the bottle. 
I have an ADF in my 10 gallon. My betta and him get along just fine. In fact, my betta gets extra frozen bloodworms because of my ADF.
Not too terrible of a drive for me, so I might check them out.

Hopefully someone else can take my pygmy or I can find some locally soon!
I called earlier today and they didn't have any. I tried there, tropical fish store in El Cerrito and even some near OAK. 

Are pygmy cories rare fish or something?
Seems like I might have to go with Pandas. Can I ask how big your tank is and what temp you are at? 

Right now, the pygmy is in a 10 gallon with a betta and around 78F.
Oh! So your pygmy school with the pandas?  I definitely saw pandas in my LFS.
Yeah I just wanted to make sure the pygmy isn't alone for too long. Preferably,  I can have a school for this guy in the next few days
Just called them. They said it'll take them a couple weeks to order and ship and even then it's not guaranteed that they'll be in stock. :(
Ah that might work. I believe they order from live aquaria? How fast is shipping typically 
I tried every nearby Petco and smaller Mom and pop stores and none of them carry Pygmy cories. :( 

Actually one store has them but they're $4 each. 
I have lots of duckweed and frogbit that I'm always willing to give away.
Just keep doing what you're doing. I had a boy who just kept getting fin rot regardless of how clean the water was. You should see improvement soon!
F

 I might settle for a 1080 now... This is getting ridiculous 
Seems like you need an additional water cooling setup anyways for this particular 1080. So I don't want to spend that extra money.

And I want to future proof my machine. I'm willing to spend the extra $100-150 for a TI.
CMON 1080TI
CMON 1080 TI. I KNOW YOURE GONNA BE AVAILABLE
Thanks for the explanation. I wanted to take advantage of EVGA's step up program as well but I first need to get a 1080! 

I'll probably wait for a week and nothing promising comes up for the TI, I'll get the next best deal for the 1080
If you were in my position, whats the absolute max you would go for a 1080 and 1080 TI, respectively?

MSRP for 1080 and 1080 TI, respectively are $600 and $700. I'd say $700 and $800 max but I'm kinda realizing thats unrealistic with the market today...
In your opinion, is the 1080 TI worth waiting for + paying for over the 1080?

I really don't know how long I need to wait for the 1080Ti to get in stock. There's some decent deals for the 1080 going around, but all the Ti's are hitting $1k+ :/

I'm mainly wondering how my performance would compare with a 1080 and 1080 TI if I'm running a single 1440p/144hz monitor + 2x 1080p/60hz monitors on games such as CSGO, PUBG, Fortnite, etc.
Absolutely. I have lots of decent 1080p/60hz monitors so I may even settle for a 1440p/144hz monitor for the center and use the 1080p on the sides.
Awesome, cooling is critical so I don't mind spending a little more on it.

Thank you!
- I'm still very borderline on 4K right now. Don't really see the benefit in gaming for now, but may get it for regular use. Speaking in terms of MSRP, I'd much rather spend the extra $100 for the 1080 TI and just get overall better performance in games.

- I will definitely get a better cooler!

- I don't care too much for fancy RGB lighting. I thought that the S340 elite just looked good enough for me. As long as there's plenty of room for air flow and proper ventilation then its fine with me.

- So I'm buying the WiFi adapter mainly because I can't guarantee an ethernet cable at all times. Ideally, my build would have ethernet, WiFi, and bluetooth. So I'll consider the GC-WB867D-I because it includes WiFi and bluetooth. I didn't want to pay extra money on the MoBo for integrated WiFi because it won't be upgrade able in the future.

- The game plan is to wait for a decently priced 1080Ti or 1080 on /r/buildapcsales and buy it ASAP. Once I can secure a GPU, I plan to purchase everything else.
Ah I missed the cooling and 1080Ti.

Seems like the H100i is almost 4x as expensive as the Hyper 212. In your opinion, does the difference in cost worth the better cooling?
I'm not entirely sold on 4k stuff yet. I'll most likely get multiple 1440p/144hz monitor for gaming and media use.

Thank you for the feedback!
Sounds good. I'm not entirely sold on 4k gaming yet and *if* I get a 4k monitor, it'll most likely be for non-gaming use.

The 1080 and 1080TI should be fine for gaming on 1440p at 144hz, correct?


Seems like the major change is from the i7-8700k to the 1700X. Could you explain why you made that choice? 

It seems like the i7 performs better overall as a gaming and workstation so it may be worth the price. But I'm not sure.
Neons and Cardinals are definitely pretty to look at. But I haven't had much luck with neons. They always seem to die randomly. My Cardinals are much more Hardy.
I'm in a similar situation. I took out a 10k-ish auto loan @ 10% last May and I'm almost done paying it off. 

Here's my 2 cents: I personally didn't like owing money to anyone, especially with high interest. So I paid a huge chunk off of it quickly and made sure it went toward the principal. So fast toward to today, I have about $800 left and my daily interest accural is $0.25 or something. So yeah, I still owe the bank money, but they're only getting a quarter out of me each day. I guess I appreciate the peace of mind of not owing a big chunk of money to anyone. That's more valuable to me than maintaining my credit score.
PM'd
Never used it, but if you're just generally trying to improve your betta's color and health, I find that clean water + vitamin supplements + quality food works the best.
Sounds good. My little boy is still active, curious, and eating well. I actually ordered kanaplex to treat my sick buddy but it won't get here till Saturday. Hopefully nothing goes wrong till then.

I'm just frustrated that my buddy just got some super rare disease that killed him over night. And that I couldn't really do anything about it.
Thank you for replying.

To be clear: before I knew what I was dealing with, I moved a baby boy betta from the 5 gallon tank and into the 10 gallon tank where my sick betta was so that I could use the 5 gallon as a hospital tank.

Does the baby boy betta have any chance of contracting this disease? I'm just not sure how to deal with this going forward.
Okay thank you. Hopefully u/adcas replies eventually. I mainly don't want it to spread to any of my other tanks!
After doing a bit of initial research, it definitely seems like 'graphite' diesease. His body literally looks gray now. It really is my luck that my buddy has some mysterious disease that there isn't much information on.

Do you happen to have more information on this graphite disease? I'm mainly worried about how he contracted it. I can't quite remember if I started seeing the gray patches on his fins before or after I put in the frog. The other pygmy cories in his tank seem to be doing fine. :/
Ah..I never heard of graphite as a disease. 

Yes, I was planning on putting him down. Almost his entire body is gray, fins are nearly gone, and he's just struggling to live. Barely breathing and is upside down.

Is clove oil still the preferred method? 
UPDATE: It looks like it was columnaris. His fins are nearly gone and his body is starting to turn black/gray. I'm gonna put him down with clove oil, unless anyone else has any opinions?

It looks just about like this: https://www.google.com/search?q=columnaris+betta&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwimqYTUms7ZAhXB6J8KHRZFAo8Q_AUICigB&biw=1745&bih=863&dpr=1.1#imgrc=kj6pmaIb9htupM:

UPDATE: Never mind. It is most likely this 'graphite' disease that I never heard of. More research is needed.
API test kit. I can get better pictures but it's the same story for his other fins. Generally large areas that are white/dark and deteriorating
I'm being cautious with Melafix (as far as I can tell, bettafix is diluted Melafix). He's in his own 5 gallon tank and I already gave him a dose of aquarium salt. It's been less than a day since I started treatment so I have to be more patient I guess 
https://imgur.com/a/DCKS8

I just don't understand how it got this bad this quickly. And I've faced fin rot with this guy before too
Don't have pictures atm. But the rot is almost at his body.

Parameters are 0/0/5
Thank you for the quick reply.

I agree. It has to be the frogs... My betta lived with neon tetras before. Currently (as of a few days ago) lives with 4 pygmy cories and the two frogs.

I'll definitely try antibiotics. I have melafix, but I'm not gonna take the chance right now.

I'm in East Bay! Id love to hangout and meet other DACA people
I'm no expert so I'm sure there's some fishes larger than neons that will be fine. Just my opinion that having fishes of different sizes can be annoying haha. Feeding can be difficult, for example, because the larger fish hog the food and the neons get the scraps.
I can probably tell you what not to get. I have white/black skirt tetras which are fairly bigger than neon tetras. They are very territorial and aggressive toward each other. They won't hurt my neons but I do think it'll be better if you stick with fish of similar size.

That being said, get some cardinal tetras! They look almost just like neons but prettier, I think.
Mainly interested in frogbit and floating plants but I can take anything off your hands. I'll text you 
I'm guessing its gone? :(
Did you buy it on Amazon? I kinda want one now..
Love the tank! Whats that shell looking thing on the bottom right? 
As long as the sponge doesn't contain any chemicals or detergents, it's fine. But it's safest to use aquarium sponges 
2
I would really want it but I'm in the Bay Area :(
PM'd
Yeah of course!
They are very active and would prefer a lot of swimming space. I originally had 3 tetras in a 10 gallon tank, which was problematic because it wasn't 5+ fish and the overall swimming area is really small. I noticed they were much more shy and not really happy. So in conclusion: I recommend going for a larger tank. It's just easier to take care of and your fish will be happier. 

You can use this website to get a good idea of the impact of having 5 fish in a 10 gallon tank vs 20 gallon, etc.: http://aqadvisor.com/

If you're in the U.S. petco is having a sale right now: $1 for 1 gallon. I recommend getting a 20 gallon long tank which provides plenty of room for 5+ to swim!
I have 6 of those glofish in my 20 gallon tank. And I feel like it's adequate enough but I certainly want a bigger tank for them 
Where did you get those moss ball looking things? They look great!
Personally, I would wait maybe a week or two more. 

I would just make sure his water is super clean and you feed him very sparingly. Maybe he'll feel better!
Okay that sounds good! Could you PM me some pictures to approximate how much each 'portion' is? 
Ah okay! I have a Finnex+ 24/7 light and was thinking about going with a DIY co2 setup but I think I'll get more familiar with more plants before I try that.

Right now I have sand substrate and I never had experience with plants that need to be buried. Would I need to get some root tabs to provide nutrients? Or would Flourish + Excel be enough.

Lastly, how much are you selling it for? Assuming I want to buy all except for the moss and floating plants.
You know it's bad when you're constantly looking for a reason to spend money on /r/aquaswap...
Interested!
So for those doing an in-fish cycle or had their cycle crash and have high nitrites, what are our options? Surely, we can't do large water changes every few hours or multiple times a day for 3 weeks or so...
You can minimize reflections in the tank by making sure the room is brighter than the tank. So basically dont keep the tank lights on while the room is pitch black 
Petco is having a $1 for a gallon sale right now. So you can get a nice standard 10 gallon tank for cheap! 
If you're interested in buying plants in the future,  visit /r/aquaswap. I got pretty good deals for large bundles of plants for the same price you got those two at Petco!
Just echoing on what other people said: I would recommend you put him in the 10 gallon tank asap even though its not cycled. 

Buy Tetra SafeStart or Seachem Stability, preferably the latter. Those are bottled bacteria that helps speed up the cycle establishment. Another benefit is that you can put your betta in the 10 gallon tank because the bottled bacteria makes it safe.

You need filter, heater, and thermometer, and water conditioners. Not sure what you have, but buying Seachem Prime is the best choice because it neutralizes ammonia, nitrites and nitrates (all bad stuff for fishss) for approximately 24 hours. Use this in conjunction with Seachem Stability, and do 25-30% water changes every day.  Make sure to not wash, clean, squeeze the filter media at all while the tank is cycling. That's where most of the good bacteria live. 

If you're worried that the tenperature difference will shock him, I would float him his tank right now and slowly add some of the warm water in so it gradually raises the temperature. And then put him in the 10 gallon tank after maybe 20 min of acclimating.

EDIT: Also, buy a water testing kit! That's how you can keep track of your tank cycling!

Regarding fin rot, dont worry too much about that right now. Clean water is the best way to heal him up. Because your tank is cycling, this means daily water changes. Make sure not to overfeed or the rotting food in the substrate will wreck water quality.

For now, just focus on getting him in the 10 gallon tank. Buy him some decorations that aren't sharp. If you dont know where to start and want to play it safe, buy silk plants and betta caves only!  

I would say that you'll see major improvement in about a month! 
Bless your soul
I believe fast charging is disabled when the screen is on. 

If you're doing fairly intensive stuff on your phone while charging, the net power draw is negative and you can still lose battery
Probably. Unless there's anything else you can see, it was most likely the plastic plants. I recommend going with silk plants or real plants as those have little to no chance of ripping fins.

Now you just have to be careful that he doesn't get fin rot. Keep an eye out for any dark edges, deterioration, and raggedy looks on his fins as that is characteristic of fin rot. 

Increase frequency of water changes (maybe 2-3x a week?) and make sure that the water parameters are pristine and the should heal up quickly.
Looks more like his fins are getting caught on sharp edges and getting ripped. Is that plant decoration in the back plastic? Feel the edges with your finger and if it feels slightly sharp, then it might rip your betta fins
Could you tell me what lamp you're using? It looks awesome!
Bloodworms if he doesn't have any yet.

Leaf hammock

Coconut cave

Live plants, if he wants to get into that 

Floating Betta log

All these can be found on Amazon. Although I recommend you get the plants from /r/Aquaswap
I drove from San Francisco to South LA with my boi and his 10 gallon tank. I put my betta in my cup that he came in from petco. They need air so the cup/container should have a hole to allow air exchange. Also use tank water to fill his cup. Drop some Stress Guard if you have any.

I drained the tank so that the water level is about an inch or so above the substrate. 

Lastly, I packed the filter media in a plastic bag. I went to petco and asked them to give me some of their fish bags. I filled it with the tank water and tied it up.

Overall, my betta got stressed because it was a lot of vibration over a 6 hour drive. But he made it and is alive at my house.

Let me know if you have any questions!
 
Yeah I would be worried about that hole. It looks like there's only one way in? Anyways, I would plug it up with filter sponge or a moss ball 
And during the course of the cycling period with Safestart, stick with the aqueon water conditioner. Once your tank is cycled, use prime.
Dechlorinators don't interfere with bacetrial growth. Safestart uses some ammonia to bind the bacteria. When you use prime or other dechlorinators that specifically neutralize ammonia, it also gets rid of the ammonia that has the jump starting bacteria. I believe prime is the only one that really detoxifies ammonia in your tank which is great for any other scenario except for when you're using Safestart.

I recommend just dumping half of your Safestart in there. Watch the parameters for 2 weeks (water test every 24-48 hours) and do 20-30% water changes anytime your ammonia hits say 0.5 ppm. And replenish some of the lost bacteria with the remaining safe start (about a capful per water changes should be fine). In roughly 2-3 weeks, you should see 0 ppm ammonia and nitrite and some non-zero nitrate. 
What I did was dump the bottle of Safestart and leave it for 2 weeks with my betta in there. I believe that's what's recommended by the manufacturer. Your parameters will fluctuate during those 2 weeks but it should be safe for your fish during that time. I don't recommend using prime because it will interfere with Safe start 
Ah sorry. Yeah Im not ready to purchase anything yet so I'll pass for now!
Saw your PM on my post. I actually wanted to grab some drift wood along with it too. Could I let you know by tonight if I want to buy the $28 package?
Do this to make a baffle with a soda can as [so](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1W4OTWswHCE). I recommend a liter soda can to cut it up. 

Buy [these sponges](https://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B01NC3CVUJ/ref=oh_aui_search_detailpage?ie=UTF8&psc=1) and shove them between the baffle and the filter. 
Are those statistics from one complete charge? As in, you did not plug in your phone during that time? If so, those are pretty good statistics. The device idle is high up because your phone most likely spent time just sitting there not in active use
UPDATE: I went to Dr. Foster and Smith's website and found the Versa hood for my 10 gallon. There is a sale going on and free shipping so I paid ~$9 for a glass hood!
I can never find anything cool like that at my LFS... It probably cost around $20-30 right?
Oh, it looked like a 10 gallon! Regardless, its not super critical in my opinion. Betta's only need some surface to breath and it looks like you have an opening in the back as well as an airstone so there's plenty of room for gas exchange.
I also recommend filling the tank up to the top to the bottom edge of the black plastic. Right now, that looks like 8 gallons of water. It'll improve the aesthetic and give your fish more swimming space!
New phones take a couple days or so to settle down, but your battery should normalize within 24 hours anyways. 

I recommend showing us a screenshot of your battery menu in settings so we have a better idea of what's happening.
Fill up the water up to the edge of the black plastic. I have the exact same setup and it helps tremendously. 
If Snakeyy and Rhodesend don't take them,. I'll take them!
How much would you want for it?
I tried my local stores and they're hovering around $17-$20 last time I checked.

Instead of paying for just a glass top, I was wondering if anyone was selling a hood as well
Yes, I leave a floor lamp on in my room. I immediately saw less flaring and freaking out in general 
I believe that is because he is seeing his reflections. When the inner tank is brighter than the outside, he can see his reflection better when he looks at the glass walls. It does stress them out if it's done too much. My boy kept on fin biting before I realized that 
Where do you typically buy your driftwood/decorations? My LFS has a pretty sparse collection
What are you feeding your shrimp?
I used super glue to attach it to a rock. It helps anchor it down. Alternatively, you can tie it down as well.
I wouldn't. Maybe your Betta is still getting used to the tank. I would start seriously getting worried after maybe 5 days of not eating?
Yes. I believe fin nipping can either be genetic as in he just like biting his fins. Or he is very stressed. Do you see stripes on his body? That indicates that your fish is probably stressed. 

Again, rearranging the tank and making sure my fish can't see his reflection seems to have solved it for me. I think how to relieve stress is based mostly in your observation and intuition 
A quiet flown 10 might be too strong for a 5 gallon. I recommend getting a 10 gallon and baffling your filter. It's been working well for me. I used a large liter bottle rather than a water bottle
My Betta started freaking out about his reflection. I mean he was in there for at least a month but he just recently started flaring and swimming crazily around the tank. As a result, he became very stressed and bit off so much of his tail :(

Baffling your filter helps with the stress. Bettas are weak swimmers so any high current in the tank might stress them out.

It might not be the filter too. Maybe try to make sure he isn't seeing reflections in the tank. It has to be brighter outside his tank than inside, otherwise he'll see himself. Also maybe try rearranging his tank so he can explore it all over again.
My Betta really appreciates caves or tunnels. I don't have a picture right now but I leaned two rocks against each other and made a tunnel in between and put a Betta log right next to it. 
Preach. Right now, my betta is flaring and freaking out all around the tank. I believe he is seeing his reflection and is trying to protect his territory. But he's been in this tank for more an a month now. I don't know what to do. 

I think I need to brighten up my room so he doesn't see his reflection so I am desperately trying to obtain a floor lamp for my dorm room. He bit off so much of his tail fins right now and he was on track for a full recovery after some nasty fin rot :(
Yup. Bettas can confuse the heck out of me sometimes because they freak out even though I do everything right. 
I would check the parameters of the tap water and also make sure it is the same temperature as the tank water. 

I recently messed up during a tank redecoration and removed some Indian almond leaves but didn't replace then.

My pH went way up and my Betta got super stressed 
Kinda hard to tell with those pictures. But if you're ever in doubt, doing daily or every other day 20-40% water changes can't hurt. 

Having clean and pristine water is probably the most important thing to make sure your betta is healthy
Can you tell me where you got your tree/branch decoration? I see it often around here but never found it 
Mine also has them :( 
Can I ask where you got your plants?
Did you try Tetra Safe Start? It always worked for my 5 and 10 gallon tanks.

EDIT: Don't use Prime and Safe Start. Prime neutralizes ammonia which is what Safe Start houses the beneficial bacteria in. I don't have experience with Stability so not sure...
Happened to my betta as well. Not sure if it was fin rot that took it out over night or if it shredded it's find from the decorations. 

Daily water changes is helping alot and my fish is showing fin growth 
My betta never flares unless I use the Betta Flare toy. 
I never thought about cutting up the almond leaves! Thanks!
I'd like to think life is resilient and can handle change in conditions for a day, but you never know.

Maybe make sure that your filter media doesn't dry out thus killing all your beneficial bacteria and see if you can make the water not get too cold?
My betta is also battling fin rot. I seen some good progress with just keeping pristine water quality.

I've been doing 30-40% water changes everyday for about 5 days and I'm seeing new fin growth (clear, white fins). I'm thinking about slowing it down to every other day just to make sure I'm not gonna crash my cycle or anything. 

I initially stared with a quarantine tank and aquarium salt, but my fish got stressed from my taking him out and in all the time.
That was also my gut feeling. Any idea why I keep getting some ammonia spikes then? Nitrite has always consistently been 0 ppm but every once in a while I get 0.25 ppm ammonia.
Yes. I knew that was essential to ensuring my cycle doesn't crash/die in the new tank
oh god its the Ez Care Aquarium. 0.7 gallons I believe...
So I was in a similar situation as you. I definitely noticed my betta's fins getting smaller and smaller and finally concluded that it was fin rot.

I didn't like the idea of dosing my aquarium tank with aquarium salt because I heard long term use can damage their organs. So I tried a salt dip per instructions [here](http://bettasplendid.weebly.com/salt-baths.html)

I found that my betta was getting stressed from the constant removal and stuff so I stopped. I'm just sticking with daily water changes and keeping an eye on ammonia and nitrite. It seems to be working. I see white fin regrowth and he stopped biting himself. 

Hope this gives you some insight!
Shoot. I'm a novice myself so I can't really give you advice, but I'm hoping that your betta survives!!
Maybe I have the latest model.

And I'm not too sure why his dorsal fin is also rotting. It wasnt noticeable yesterday but today it's pretty tattered
Sorry. Here you go! https://imgur.com/a/ZAajj

I don't think it's biting. And filter is a Tetra Whisper 10i. The filter intake is at its lowest setting and based on reviews from other people on Amazon, the lowest setting is fine for bettas. Also this fin damage/rot started happening weeks after I first out my betta into the tank.

EDIT: new link...old one only had 1 picture
Okay! sounds good. I'll give it a shot if I don't see improvement by Saturday.

Thank you!
Also, the guide says to isolate the fish in a separate container treated with AQ for 2-3 minutes.

Wondering what your experience was like regarding your fish getting stressed?
Thank you! 

Luckily, fin rot is easily treated with AQ so I should be able to start treating my fish Saturday. For now, I'm just being diligent with a 20-30% water change.
Got it! 

I'm buying aquarium salt on amazon right now. I'm surprised at how fast fin rot progresses :(
Here's a list of my apps which include my own apps + Samsung ones

https://imgur.com/a/6r2Fu
I did a DVD player. I'm not sure if there's 60 parts or not, but it has pretty cool mechanisms that you can showcase.
Hopefully I win!
Ah so when I make a payment, nothing is fully automated? Some human needs to approve it I guess?
Yup I absolutely hate being in debt and paying interest.

So in your opinion, would paying off all but maybe $2k in loans then paying the $2k over the next 9 months or so (minimum payment of $230 x 9 months = ~2k) be a good idea? 
Also, I read online that paying off an auto loan early (or any loan for that matter) would drop your credit score? I'm wondering if this happened to you?

I absolutely hate the system we live in with all this credit score nonsense and how it seems like it's good to be in debt.
Understood! I'm graduating with no debt and I'm making about 1.5k each month at school so I'm saving up. 

I'm not too worried about my income right now because I'm a student. I expect to make decent money once I graduate. Hopefully my engineering degree is well worth it!
I'm with Westlake Financial. I thought it was weird as well, but I called in to double check and they said that my large monthly payments will cover my next monthly payment. My large payment goes toward interest first and then principle. It shows the principle decreasing on the website with each payment. I can provide a screenshot too if you would like. 
Understood! As long as paying off my auto loan early doesn't have any downsides from a lenders point of view, I'm going to try and pay it off asap.

EDIT: And to be perfectly clear, I am going to buy a house about a year after I graduate so around summer 2019. By then, I will certainly have paid off the auto loan. It was mostly a question of whether paying it off too early is a bad thing from the perspective of a lender.
Yes, I called the bank to double check. The large payment first pays of any interest accrued and then goes toward principle.
That is exactly what my dealership told me. He said to wait at least a year to pay it off to make it look good. Fortunately, I'll only pay about $400-500 in interest over a year. Yeah it sucks, but if it helps that much when buying a house, then it might be worth it in the long run.

If you don't mind, I have a follow up question. So I have about $7000 left to pay off. If I pay off like $4-5k off now and not make minimum payments for a few months to save some money on interest since my principle would be way lower, would it show that I am making monthly payments on my credit report? 

I only ask this because my monthly payment is $230, but because I am paying $800 a month, I don't have any required monthly payments for each successive month.
Ah, I understand. Then it looks like I'll make my big $800 payments every month and just pay anything left by May. Thank you!
There are no early pay-off fees. That was the first question I asked when I got this loan. 

My follow up question is, is it worse or just as good to pay off the loan in 9 months vs 12 months vs 16 months.. etc?

EDIT: Good in reference to how it looks to lendors.
I have about $5k in a savings account for a general emergency situation already.
By the way you explained it, it should work as you intend it to. Maybe make sure you're changing the notification sound in the correct app? Screen shots would be helpful too (power button + vol down or swipe your Palm across the screen)
It might be a Face widget? Look under settings > lock screen > facewidgers and deselect Music Controller? It works for Google play music and YouTube
Can't wait! Bought the premium because I saw that it had a lot of potential
I'm in a similar situation to OP, so I'm hoping that we can pay off the buyout option. I called a different Sprint store and the rep said with that all leases, including non-Flex leases, you can continue paying the monthly payments that will go toward the buyout option.
I'm not too sure if that's correct regarding the month to month lease. I just came back from the Sprint store and was told that if I continue to pay the monthly amount, the money goes toward the buy out amount. So essentially, you'll be paying the buy out option in installments.
That was hot
Kinda weird I have to walk up to someones room to close the door to the bathroom, but I guess I'm just not used to it.
Might as well. After taking a #2 together, do I wash his hands first or...?
What theme is that?
I fixed it. You NEED to enable bluetooth before you start the app. Otherwise, it'll say your device does not meet minimum requirements!
I cannot get it working on my SP4. I installed the drivers from the Samsung website. As soon as I launch the app, it tells me that my device doesn't meet the minimum requirements. :(

I was able to install the app but was unable to actually run it :/ kinda weird how your Surface Pro 3 runs it but my Pro 4 doesn't haha
Did it work for you by just installing it from the app store and running it?
Not working. Does it work for you?
Surface Pro 4 does have a TPM so I don't get why it's not compatible. :(
Is this the update that lets non-Samsung PC's with Windows 10 run Samsung Flow? I have a Surface Pro 4 and it is telling me I do not meet the requirements to run this app...
I was in the same boat in terms of the red tint on my screen. It's the same setting that seems to affect all edges of the screen. It seems to be a fairly robust process. It shuts down the phone and seems to do some calibration process rather than being a simple slider adjustment.
http://imgur.com/a/WrRMh

I had fairly noticeable red tint on the top and both sides. You could definitely see it in apps with white backgrounds, such as instragram or the browser. In your case, you would need to apply the edge adjustment in the second screenshot. But I'm seriously surprised that this update seemed to make all of that go away. 
I agree that it's a shame. My biggest gripe with the default launcher was that not all icons are themed! Chrome for example is just the icon over the rounded background.
You would have to use Nova launder or some other 3rd party launcher that supports icon packs. The Samsung launcher is limited to the Samsung store icon packs. :(
Update is awesome! Totally fixed the red tint on the top and side edges on my S8+!
I'm so confused... I submitted my form and it was loading, but I exited the app. Now when I go to my promotions, it only lets me fill out the form again. When I do submit the form, it says I already submitted one. I never received an email or anything...
Thank you! I've been diligently checking every day and I forgot to check this morning! 
My Note5 is still running like a champ. I don't really have a need to upgrade other than just me wanting the latest tech. 

I'm kinda curious as to how other people's phones are slowing down as time does on...
None of the US variants have the Grace UI
I also see this perspective. They are hiring a lot of full time people right now and I guess interns aren't too much of a priority. 

That being said, I just find it weird that she isn't picking up the phone at all. But then again I have no idea what's its like being an HR person so...
No I havent... I did give the HR person all the times I'm free to speak for this entire week. So if I don't get anything by the end of this week, I'm just gonna move on. If they are actually this unprofessional, then I'm not gonna bother working for this company.
Damn, that's very disappointing. I had a very good phone interview with the intern manager at the company. It's a smaller company, so we even talked about how its great working at one because of the lack of the bureaucracy of working at a big company.

I gave them a call around 11 am PST and no answer. But I just don't understand... I missed their phone call by a couple of minutes and the HR person even said to call back.

EDIT: I feel you. In my defense, I did not expect them to call back the SAME day. The interviewer said expect an email or something by the end of the next week (week of 1/30). So I'm paying attention in class, not really expecting a phone call, and its just a random number, so I just ignore it and deal with it after class, which was ending in 10 minutes. :/

I'm also calling from California on a Tuesday so it's definitely not her schedule...
Yeah, I don't have an issue with Samsung software. I just want the latest and greatest software! haha.

Physically, I prefer the look of the Note 5. It's absolutely more beautiful than the pixel. That is why I'm waiting for the 2nd gen pixel to see if it looks better appearance wise.
My plan is to wait till the 2nd gen Pixel comes out. By then, the Note 8, S8 edge, and S8 will be out as well. From there I will choose whatever suits me best.

I'm heavily considering the Pixel because of quicker software updates and also I'm planning to switch out of Sprint and go into Project Fi.
You should contact your local best buy directly, but last I heard it was less than $100. If you live in Los Angeles, you can go to the Samsung store in Koreatown to get your battery replaced for free if you're under warranty. I did that and my Note 5 is practically brand new!
Can you link it to us? I couldn't find it on their website 
Get a replacement battery yeah. Best buy does it
Do you have a specific link to the thumb screws you are using for the bed screws? 

Are there any benefits to using those screws other than convenience when calibrating the bed?
At first glace, one app stand out to me that might be problematic: Adblock Fast. I never used it before, but I know that non-root adblockers typically mess with the default network and wireless settings on the phone, so that might be keeping your phone awake...
Perhaps check if any accounts are stuck syncing? And also disable location reporting for the Google app if you haven't already. Also, could you provide a list of apps you have installed? Maybe you have something installed that I had issues with in the past.
I am also having the same issue :(
Excellent write up! One point though. The finger print scanner does work upside down for my on my Note 5. So maybe try that again?
$200 for a battery replacement?! Thats insane! Unfortunately, I think only Best Buy in the U.S. are doing this.
Maybe also try going to Best Buy and replacing the battery! It's about $60 I heard. Yes it's rsther expensive but it's a good alternative and you'll get a fresh battery that'll be new.
There's only a handful in California, I think. The one I go to is in Koreatown in Los Angeles. And I remember calling that Samsung store and getting a quote for $45 for the Note 5, but I'm not sure if that is a under warranty price or not. Regardless, I welcome authorized repairs at best buy! 
That's good to hear! Samsung stores are pretty rare around the United States, so people can now go to Best Buy to get their stuff fixed. But why is a battery replacement $60? Is that typical? I think the official Samsung store charges $45.
I already have the October security update but no UI changes. :( Sprint Note 5
Whoa. Isn't this the Grace UX from the note 7?
How disappointing.. not a big deal really, but I loved how AOSP always showed a lot more :(
Could you find out how many notifications the lock screen will hold? On MM, it can only hold 4 or so before it starts hiding some!
That's a really weird issue. Maybe someone else can help you but my suggestion is to just do a factory reset 
Try reinstalling the USB drivers. Maybe it's a computer issue rather than a phone issue.
Thank you!

Still getting the 10.0.10586.117 version here in the Bay Area :/
AFAIK, there isn't an app that can do that from the lock screen. There might be an app that does that in the Play Store, but to access said app from the lock screen on a stock non-rooted device would probably be difficult/impossible.
I agree that showing the demise of non-major metropolitan areas is a refreshing angle. I guess I'm just a fanatic when it comes to big cities and especially LA because I live there. So it's always interesting to see how your hometown gets screwed in the apocalypse. 
I actually really like it. But low key I wanted the story to explore the fate of the United States more rather than having the crew journey to Mexico. And I hoped that LA didn't fall as fast as it did. I really wanted to see the city literally crumbling down during season 2 and see how other cities are affected as well.
Sorry to hear that. Yeah, Samsung isn't the most developer/tinkering friendly manufacturer. Just take this as a learning experience. 

Make sure to periodically backup your data and stuff using Samsung Smart Switch! 
Having encryption, tripped KNOX, and running a rom with a 3rd party fix probably screwed something up in the phone. If you flash the stock firmware, I believe your data is still intact as long as you don't manually wipe it within ODIN.
Thank you. I found my new lockscreen and homescreen wallpapers!
Yeah could you upload it? I definitely want it on my phone.
that clock widget is slick. Did you make it yourself?
I had this issue on my printer bot play. I don't know if it's the exact same issue but I solved my problem by tightening the spring that holds the filament in the print head. The filament isn't being held on to tightly enough and as a result, the extruder underextrudes filament at certain points.
Lmao haha
It was definitely my problem! I asked other people in a different post and they said that a warped aluminum bed was my problem and adding a glass bed would fix it. I went to Lowes and got the glass and now my prints are beautiful.
It is! I installed it a few hours ago and started printing. The quality is definitely better than when I first got the printer with buildtac.
The glass plate fixed my issue. Thank you!
Awesome! At least now I know someone else had the same issue!

So I'm assuming that your glass build plate has been holding up well?  How is the adhesion to it?
Were you using a BuildTak (the black adhesive plate thing with white layering)? I'm thinking that the BuildTak wore off and is just not working anymore. I might need to replace that 
Yes. I almost always print at 210C and 55C for the bed. But I've been testing out 200C and 60C as well. Long story short: printing at a high temperature also does not make it stick.
Yeah I have a similar code that makes my extruder print a thick fat line right before it begins the print. But once the extruder travels and starts laying down filament, the material curls up on the nozzle
Yeah I do. I tried various values ranging from 0.5 mm to 4.5 mm at 25-40 mm/s. To be honest, I have no idea what a good retraction value is. So this might be my problem here!
I tried skirts, rafts, and brims. Problem is that every time the extruder stops, moves, and extrudes again, the filament coming out tends to stick to the nozzle.
The business is telling their customers to park there or they park it themselves there.
Yes, I am definitely speaking to a towing company representative who will come to my dad's shop. I will be present to talk to the towing rep about what can be done. If I ever catch the tire business pulling this act again, I will personally tell them that I will be pursuing legal action (a bluff at first, but will escalate further if they continue this). I want to let them know that I am serious about this and that it is not okay to continue disrespecting my dad like this.
Yes, he very politely asked them at first. But it kept happening. Then he tried the police and the towing company and everything else he could think of. 

In my opinion, unless my dad actually follows through with the towing, they're going to continue to just disrespect him and ignore him. That is why I contacted a local towing company to ask them if they can do anything about it. 

My dad also mentioned that when the towing company actually comes, they tell him it'll take them 2 hours to show up. I don't know how towing usually works, but that seems ridiculous. In my dad's case, the customer usually doesn't hang around for 2 hours so by the time the towing company shows up, the customer is gone...
My dad said he tried that already. The shop owner and his daughter apparently just shrug their shoulders, lock the cars, and walk away. He comes home annoyed and sad everyday. :(
I guess I was thinking more long term. If the landlord (who my father says is a total dick and not really caring of his tenants) doesn't do anything about it, then what would be the next step? I would guess it means more lawyers and thus more money. :(
I will also give this a try! Thank you!
He has a sign that says that only his customers can park in his two spots that are circled. However, he is generous enough to allow other businesses to take those spots when it gets really busy. 

What's really bothering him is that the tire business is parking in a way that obstructs his customers from getting into his garage. I wouldn't know where to even place the sign that says you can't park in the middle of the parking lot! However, I did call a local towing company to come in and consult us. 
The lot is shared by my father's business, the tire business, and other businesses. I think it might be a huge hassle to get consent from every other business in the lot. And personally, it would be difficult for my dad to move the barrier and stuff every time a customer comes :( 
I figured that an attorney would be the best route. But just in case, are there any other options that are cheaper?
Yes, he is a mechanic. The customers need to physically enter his shop. As for the photo, it was cropped from Google Earth. It's a pretty busy lot, so usually the parking lots are full. On a normal day, there are usually cars in the two spots directly above the blue rectangle (not drawn to scale) and there is only a couple feet of space.

And even if it possible to do navigate around it, I wouldn't imagine many customers wanting to do automobile acrobatics to get their cars checked up on...
Hey /u/goblinish and everyone else,

I should have mentioned in my OP that I am asking on behalf of my father who can't speak English that well. In my frustration, I misunderstood the situation and jumped the gun. I will update the OP as well, but here's the actual situation:

The tire business is allowing their customers to park like [this](http://imgur.com/HhYLUoD)!

To clarify, they are not parking in my allotted space (although my father was generous enough to let the tire business park in his spots when they were open). They are allowing the customers to park in a way that effectively blocks my father's business. There is literally no physical way to get the car into my father's shop.

This isn't as clear cut so what are my options here. This can't definitely be legal right?
I understand. I will look into this and contact a towing company! Thank you!
Right now, I am renting the shop from the landlord. The parking space comes with the shop. Would the things you suggest still apply in my situation, such as getting a private tow? Or should I start by asking the police what can be done about my situation?
Sounds like an effective idea! But I am just extremely hesitant to get innocent customers involved just to get back at the tire business.
I believe it is a shared lot. But the thing is that the other business has allocated lots and I have my allocated lots. I don't think it is fair to just take some other business' spots because yours filled up!
Los Angeles County!
Thank you!
Okay now I'm really confused :(

I cleared my cache and flushed my dns. I ran three tests on three different websites and the results are confusing me.

Could you tell me what the heck is going on right now? If it matters at all, I'm on my university's network which uses DHCP.
http://imgur.com/a/d69md
Hey! Thanks a lot for your help!

Tightening the spring totally fixed the problem! I had to recalibrate the printer because it was extruding too well now, but its not skipping layers or leaving gaps in the print anymore! Thanks!
Could you explain the "DNS Address Detection?" I can't figure out if it's good or bad that the two DNS addresses are different from each other...

EDIT: Okay so from what I understand, they shouldn't be different. In fact there should only be one listed if I am not leaking DNS. Weird thing is that both ipleak.net and dnsleak.com show that I am leaking DNS half the time and that I am not leaking DNS the other half.
No sorry! I'm using PLA. should have wrote that in the OP
Awesome! So I did try cleaning it out already, but I'll take another look tomorrow. And I'll definitely try to tighten the spring on the left to make sure the filament isn't slipping at all. 

One more question: I noticed that when I printed without cooling fans on at 210C, there is significantly less amount of "skipped layers." As soon as I turn on cooling, there seems to be more of these gaps and skipped layers. Any ideas why?
Thank you for your suggestions!

Right now, I don't have a full spool, so I'll try 2), 3), and 4)!
What model printer are you using? I also cleaned out the extruder gear's teeth but I am not sure if we are both talking about the same thing. 

[This](http://imgur.com/xgKJoTx) is what I cleaned out on the Printrbot Play.

And I'm aware of the extra settings regarding the supports. I was just confused if the supports were supposed to be so far apart from the object. I think it was just the object I was printing. Some objects are simply crappy to print with overhang. The printer can handle 3Dbenchy really well.
Ah okay. So the support portion makes sense! Thank you!

For the overhang stuff, I'll try 0.1 mm layer height to see how it reacts.

And for the extrusion problem, I already tried cold pulling, cleaning out the gears, and tried printing at 215C. 

Do you have any recommendations on where to start? One thing I noticed is that not using a cooling fan helped alot. It went from having lots of skipped layers in my model to maybe 1 or 2 skipped layers when I shut off the cooling fan. Unfortunately, this would make my model struggle with overhang. Could it be an issue with uneven cooling?
I tried NBA.com as well. But theres only a youth size in small and medium that don't fit me 
I looked on Aliexpress but I couldn't find it :(
Hi! So I was thinking about upgrading to the family plan. Right now, an individual subscription of Play Music brings Youtube Red. If I go with the family plan, does everyone get Play Music + Youtube Red?
Will support for more machines be added in the future? I'm using a Printrbot Play here
Definitely try uninstalling it and seeing if the problem persists. I've personally never seen Good lock do this. 

If the problem persists on stock Touchwiz, then you know its an issue with an app you downloaded.

I'm going ahead and calibrating my Estep right now. I figured the printing temperature is a bit too hot. So I might reduce it down to 200 C to see how it reacts. 

I'll get back to you with results!
I agree. I was also thinking it might be over extruding filament at times and the error build up eventually is significant enough for the nozzle to hit it and get stuck. 

I can't definitively say if it is happening at random places. But the nozzle does not get stuck in the same place consistently. When I was printing the gear out, it would get stuck on the top left corner during print #1 and get stuck on the bottom right corner on print #2 and somewhere in the middle during print #3. The nozzle does consistently get stuck while it's printing the infill portion of the object, however.

And how would I adjust settings for over-extrusion in Cura?
Here are my Cura settings so far:

http://imgur.com/a/CLqvy
Mainly changing my Z-height so that the first layer looks as good as possible

When I was printing a gear, turning on the fan from the get-go seemed to have fixed the problem. But when I tried to print 3Dbenchy, the printhead got stuck again. :/

Here is a picture of the bottom layer of the 3mm box and 3Dbenchy results:
https://imgur.com/a/aDXO8


Are your notifications all black/dark? I wish I could get the complete stock look by having white notifications without breaking Google Play Music notifications. 
From what I understand, 1st law efficiency (thermal efficiency) effi = W_net/Q_in isn't really applied to turbines. In my experience, thermal efficiency is always applied to overall systems and cycles rather than turbines, compressors, etc. With turbines, isentropic efficiency is the one you're interested in. It describes the ratio of which the turbine does actual work compared to the ideal (isentropic) work.

Your book is probably saying the the first law efficiency is that because it is derived from the first law Q - W = delta U. You can look up how you derive the isentropic efficiency formula. But it basically comes from solving from W_actual and W_isentropic and finding the ratio of those two W. 
My smartphone helped me realize how socially awkward I am... 
Then thats your problem...
updated OP! Check it out!
updated OP! Check it out!
I believe the only thing that can be hidden is the AdBlock Plus one. Long press it and it'll take you to a menu where you can hide it.
That is what I am doing. I bought a replacemdnt screen someone else linked here and I plan to fix the screen myself and give it to Sprint!
My advice is to just replace it. You have nothing to lose. If samsung is willing to do it for free, you can have a fully working device in your hands rather than one that might cause problems in the future
Updated OP!
I'm not sure what you mean to enact the warranty? The warranty is void so I can't do anything about it.
I'm more worried that by tearing it apart and doing it myself, the warranty will be void.
No I was never rooted
I reflashed the factory image, which wipes all my data and reset up the phone.
I'm getting even worse battery life on MM than I was on lollipop. :( 
I swear my battery life is worse on MM than Lollipop. :(

OP, how long has Android OS been kept awake? Mines hitting about 2 hours in 7-8 hours of usage.
So if we restore from a backup, we get massive Android OS drain? I reset my phone and restored my backup and I lost about 18% over 8 hour period.
I'm not entirely sure but it might be a default application problem. Go to setting > application > default application and play around with that 
Perhaps it was a fluke. It definitely doesn't sound normal to drain 20% overnight on airplane mode. I would expect about 5% drain at most on airplane mode!

I recommend putting it on airplane mode again and seeing if it drains that much again
I'm getting similar drain and I don't think it's normal at all. :/
I'm crying
So when its done, unplug it from the computer. (Plug your phone into a charger if it is low on batter though!)

Then just go to your settings and follow the directions for hard reset. Your phone will automatically restart after it wipes itself and then you will need to setup your Google account again and sign in and everything. After that, you can restore everything from Smart Switch. (Tip: I forgot where exactly, but if you press Manage Backups, you can check which elements to restore to your phone)

And please ask me questions anytime!
Best of luck to you!
Ha! There you go! I would recommend trying the MTP option (1st one). It should work!
And double check that your phone is being detected by Windows via device manager! If it isnt, your drivers may be bad (I doubt this, however)
Okay I see. This works for me. Turn on Developer Options (About device > Tab build number until it tells you its on), and turn on USB debugging. 

You should hear a sound coming from your computer like a USB being connected. Let me know what happens.
Sometimes, it might ask you to accept your computer as a authorized user or something like that. Disconnect everything, and plug your phone in. Then immediately check your phone. Something might pop up.
You should unplug your phone after backing it up. Then reconnecting it after factory reset is complete and when you want to restore your data.
I'm not sure if I understand your situation. You plug in your phone and nothing happens? Did you try pressing 'Backup' on the left hand side of the computer client?
In my opinion, it can take up to an hour at most. I'm very picky about how my apps are and how they are configured so it can take a long time, but the actual backup/restore process takes about 20 minutes at most.
Ah sorry. I should have been more clear! Hope you didn't screw anything up yet!

So first download the Windows/Mac client on Samsung Smart Switch online (google it).

Install it and then open the application.

Connect your phone via usb cable to your computer.

It's as easy as pressing backup and the application will back up your phone.

What is backed up? Almost everything: settings, wallpapers, contacts, pictures, apps (you will need to resign).

After you factory reset (from the phone), you can login to your Google account and begin the setup. I recommend letting all the preinstalled apps update themselves from Google Play store before you restore everything!

When you are ready, reconnect your phone to your computer, open up Smart Switch and press restore!
You should back up your phone using Samsung smart switch. You can safely factory reset your phone after and restore it with smart switch
Everyone should call Sprint and complain that there is a 'Sprint Logo' on their device. Act dumb and say you can't figure out how to remove it and that you don't like it. Tell them that you want to go back to the previous software and Sprint will either have to provide a software update to remove it or give you a new phone (S7?)

Honestly, I respected Sprint for not placing their logo on the back of the phones. There is no need to put their logo on the noficiation bar like AT&T
Can anyone provide a screenshot of this? I'm on a Note 5 and I'm bummed out we're going to have a tramp stamp :(
Sprint Note 5 not getting the love :(
Not surprised... there so many potentially battery draining apps on our phones
If you still have Marshmallow, could you find out for me how many notifications the lock screen can hold? On Lollipop, it was limited to 2 before you had to expand it manually to see everything else 
Late reply, but out of curiosity, how many notifications can you fit on the lock screen before you have to expand it? On lollipop, it maxes out at 2 notifications then you have to swipe down to expand it. On vanilla lollipop and marshmallow, it shows you a whole lot more before you have to expand it.

Eyh Im not going to be running anything too demanding so it should be fine. I'm only gonna be running Office and gitbash. 

Thanks a lot man!
Thank you so much for the quick reply!

I noticed that the Chromebook has a SD card slot. If I insert a high capacity SD card, I should be able to use that as an external storage like I do on any Windows laptop right?
Late comment, but I have a C720 with only 16 gb of SSD space. Microsoft's website says I need a minimum of 16 gb for the 32 bit version and 20 for 64 bit.

Can anyone tell me how much capacity you have left after installing Windows and all the drivers? 
Sometimes this happens when the app is not set as the default messaging app
Someone take out Huertas please. It's painful to watch him play 
Subscribed!  I loved how you showed actually useful and new apps!! (I actually have never seen/heard of most of these).

And I love your transitions! Keep it up!
I agree with this post. Ambient display is a great feature and should be left on. No reason to turn it off. 

Calendar and Google services is probably running all sorts of stuff in the background especially if your gf just switched to Android. I would recommend waiting one more day and seeing if the drain is still present.

Also go into account sync settings for her Google aaccout and see if there is a sync error. Sometimes sync error cause the phone to be awake and constantly sync.

As for location, I recommend just turning it off. Google play services as well as Google now go crazy when you allow them to access location so I just turn mime off and turn it on when I need it for navigation or something.

Hope this helps!
I am also in the same boat for both my Note 5 and S6 on Sprint. 
No! That's actually the right shirt! Thanks you for the link. I'll try out JC Penny soon! :)
Wow! Thank you so much! 

I'll definitely look into those. Its so much easier now that you broke it down for me. 

Thanks a bunch! :)
I'm looking for sunblock for mainly my face, but being able to apply it to my arms and such would be a plus.

Right now, I'm using the Sebamed Clear Face Care Gel, which *does not* have SPF. 

Do folks typically use facial moisturizer with SPF or use any moisturizer and apply sun screen after? 


Do you think you could also recommend me a sunblock? 

I looked through the recommended list and all but there's just an overwhelming number of different products I don't know where to begin.

I'm looking for a sunblock that is at least 30 SPF, is non scented, and very light. I dislike sunblock that feels very greasy and/or thick on my face. And cheaper the better!
Hey! Thanks for replying!

So unfortunately, I kind of jumped the gun and bought the Cerave cleanser on Amazon already (arriving today). So I might just give it a try and see if I breakout or not.

And to clear up my eczema situation: the affected areas are no longer red,puffy,dry,etc. There are no symptoms of eczema at all. And I have been using the dove sensitive bar soap for a month or so now on both my face (oops) and neck. I think I will continue to use it on my neck at least because it seems to be working and switch to a cleanser for my face. But right now, I don't need to do anything else to treat my eczema!

And so regarding bar soap: Is it that bad? 

Back a couple months ago before I started using the dove bar soap, my mom got me these egg soaps: http://www.amazon.com/Victoria-Lanolin-Agg-Tval-Eggwhite-Facial-Care/dp/B000FQVQWK

She also has oily skin and I would argue that she knows how to take care of her skin because her skin is looking great. So she gave me these to try and if I recall correctly, they worked great! I definitely remember having a clearer face when using this soap. My mistake was to stop using this in lieu of the dove gentle bar soap (oops again). 

So my plan is to go back to this egg soap for now and see how my face reacts, unless you have any objections! :)
Ah, sorry! This is my first time on /r/tasker. But I am running a Note 5 on 5.1.1. 
If you had it enabled (in terms of having that authentication enabled on your account), maybe its causing issues with syncing of your Google account. So disabling it might cause lots of issues when your phone tries to sync.
Not sure what you mean by needing disabling. It wouldn't need to be disabled for anything..
I see you disabled Google Authenticator. Maybe enable that and see if that decreases your top wakelock?

BTW, could you should me how to use Wakelock Detector on the PC? I have it working on my phone without root but I want to try the PC version as well!
I believe that's a Lollipop issue rather than  Samsung specific one 
That Android OS awake time.... How is it so low for you? Its in the 2-3 hr range for me after a 9 hr usage period
Are you using the Samsung weather widget? Maybe it's syncing alot. 

You can also try disabling the weather app as well 
As soon as I take off the charger, it resets to 0 and starts logging everything. No permission or anything special required. Although Wifi, data, and bluetooth time are almost accurate, I'm very skeptical about the held awake time. It says that my phone is held awake for 3 hours for example. But in reality, when I add up the apps that report significant awake times, it only adds up to about 2 hours or so. 

I should start looking for an alternative battery app...
I haven't been running into that as of yet.. My stats are pretty accurate. Maybe try reinstalling Gsam? 

I've always used Gsam to monitor my battery because I couldn't find another battery app that 1) doesn't look like crap 2) is very functional.
I also use GSam alot but I wasn't aware that the stats were off! Could you elaborate on this?
Well..I factory reset it and installed only the apps I really really need, such as Snapchat, FB messenger, etc. 

Then I turned off location and use it only when I need to. I turned off Google Location reporting. I used package disabler pro and disabled bloatware that Sprint did not let me remove.

Other than that, I couldn't do much without rooting my phone...
Quite honestly, who actually knows what's going on behind the scenes in Google Play services. I'm not surprised that it was the cause of the reboot problem.
For $250? Yeah I would go for it.
Is this for a certain app? Or just in general whether that may be an email, text message, fb message, etc?
I've been using GSAM for years and I never noticed that!

It doesn't seem to show Awake vs Screen on, but it's the closest thing I found! Thanks!
Yeah, I've been struggling with battery issue as well... I get about 1.6%/hr idle drain, sometimes more over night. It's very frustrating. I don't think its too much to ask that my phone drains about 0.5% an hour, especially when it's not doing anything.
 
Thanks for the help! I really appreciate it!
Do you really think it's a carrier factor? I don't think Sprint modified the phone too much. Something is just wonky with my Note5 right now.. I should have just kept my M8 on Verizon -_-
Yup.. Sprint! I had the Sprint S6 Edge, but I returned it because it had crappy battery life. I thought it was just because of the smaller battery and I heard how the Note5 got incredible battery with its new 'optimizations.' I guess not.. :/ I literally tried everything at this point, except rooting. 

Do you have any other suggestions on getting better battery life? 
For me, Android OS is awake for about 2-3 hours actually in a 8-9 hours of usage.... I just don't understand.. and I tried package disabler pro, but I wasn't comfortable nor do I want to disable various things just to get decent battery life IMO.
How are you getting such good idle drain? I've been draining about 1.6-1.7% per hour!!
Jeez. That's excellent battery life! I'm lucky to get around 2-3 SOT with about 12-13 hours of the phone being on. 

If you could estimate, what is your standby drain? Mine's around 1.6-1.7%/hour, which sucks alot. :/  I was so frustrated with my battery life that I did a factory reset, touched absolutely nothing, logged into my 3 Gmail accounts, and updated all apps preinstalled on the phone. And over night, I still got the same idle drain rate. 

One more thing: Could you post screenshots for Android OS? I'm curious to see how long Android OS stays awake for you. I don't understand why it's staying awake for so long for me! 
Could you share some statistics on your battery life? I'm mainly interested in idle/standby drain, SOT, and how long the phone lasted.
I don't think Verizon was charging me the wrong amount because I've been a customer for about 10 years and I moves multiple times while I was with them in the same city 
All I'm saying is that the crappy reception I'm getting from Sprint may or may not be worth the money I save. I switched to Sprint knowing that I would get crappy reception but that I would save $60 every month.
This is so frustrating. I absolutely love this phone but the battery life stinks!
My phone also drains around 3-5% an hour on standby without airplane mode. Not as bad as yours, but I'm very annoyed with the battery life on this phone right now. It is entirely ridiculous for this to be happening...
Watch this. It is totally relevant. I think it totally depends on how you ask the question!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DWynJkN5HbQ
yup! Got the receipt, the registration form with his signature on it, and also the service report.
Haha. I'm just worried. This has happened before to my father. I'm not sure if it was a mastercard or a visa or whatever. Are the card companies supposed to contact the merchant btw? Or is this settled between the customer and the card company only?
I kinda figured that $60 isn't worth it to go to court, but it seriously pisses me off that the customer can probably just lie about losing his card or something and MasterCard might accept his chargeback and screw my dad out of money..
Could you elaborate what would happen to my insurance? I'm guessing my cost will go up..
Found the problem! It was "force immersive mode" module!
I need a high GPA because it'll help with job prospects (better above 3.00 than below) and it'll be essential to enter graduate school. I'm not entirely sure about graduate school but it'll be better to have a high GPA and have a good fighting chance. 

And yeah I figured that any CS class would take a significant amount of time. E7 took a lot of time with every assignment and the tests were ass. But I have to admit that even though I'm frustrated and annoyed with E7, I really enjoyed working on the assignments and debugging and just figuring out how to make programs work. 

And the crux of the problem is whether I should take 61B and really learn a lot about a topic I enjoy or just not take it and hopefully raise my GPA..
Well, I've been using the xposed module 'Youtube background playback' as a work around for now. Hope this is resolved soon..
Yes, I understand this is the most important step. I need to know what to do after this!
I'm a full time college student, so having free time to screw around and stuff is hard to come by. I try to play basketball as much as I can and focus on my studies. But it's really hard to focus on work
Maybe because blocking communications is not the only step?
Go on MTV's 16 And Pregnant 
Can you explain how you get such excellent battery life? I mean, no matter how much trickery and things I try, I never get above 4 hr SOT.
Try a GPE rom...I've been using the 5.0 OTA rom for Verizon and I was getting around 4 hours and 20-40 minutes of SOT at least. I decided to give 4.4 with Sense 6. 0 another chance and I'm getting the same SOT as you.
 Dont have a S5. 

But on my HTC One M8 with Google keyboard, I can get an ellipsis by pressing '?123' to show numbers and then holding down the '.' button.
I was wondering if the phone retains a 4G/3G data connection even when you have a wifi connection. Seems redundant to have both wifi and mobile data running...

In the case of a weak signal, wouldn't it be more logical to shut down mobile data and retain 1x signal for calls and text and still have data from wifi?
I agree. Once you know that you're not getting any major wakelocks, you should just uninstall/disable GSAM, Better Battery Stats, Wakelock detector, etc. It drains battery because its constantly monitoring your phone anyways.
The X240 was my first laptop I looked at, but the form factor is just not for me.
Surface seems like a good idea. Thanks!
Looks like a great ultrabook, but I'm not entirely convinced due to it's 5 hr battery life based on reviews
Hey guys! I'm moving into college this weekend. I'm writing this right before leaving for Berkeley. It's been a long day and it's going to take forever to settle in. I'll try to play when I have time today!

sooo.....

Danny, both cleanups
-Boom Sound

-Metal Unibody

-5.5"AMOLED HD Display

-16 MP Camera with M8 depth sensor ability

-3000+ mah battery

-128 Gb storage



 
This is romannurik's monthly calendar widget. Google that up and search for the apk!
Digitalhigh's!
Verizon. And yes you will miss out on the camera features. luckily, i don't use the camera that often. You will also miss out on power saving mode!
The wall paper is bundled with the Elun icon pack
Here's mine
http://imgur.com/a/aM3ka

-Running GPE rom

-Nova Launcher

-Elum Icon Pack

http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2745257
You must be rooted. 

http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2701911
PC
iNeedRicePlz
Los Angeles, CA
Free Agent
Could you reference me to some laptops with 17" displays? The budget for me is not set in stone, and I may be able to fork out $2000
Awesome specs! But I'm a bit turned off by the build design. Are all gaming laptops rather big and heavy like the GT60 Dominator? 

Also, I would prefer to have more RAM, preferrably about 16GB and if possible 17"
Although the statistics show that many games do have SLI support, I have to agree with OP. I don't want the headache of figuring out whether a certain game I want to play does/does not support SLI. I'd much rather get a single dedicated GPU and don't have worry.

OP, can you recommend a laptop with a single high end GTX graphics card around the same price as the highest end y510p? (I got mine for about $1,300).
Not sure if it works on AT&T models, but try installing a Wifi tether toggle widget and page it on your home screen. Toggle it on and it might bypass the subscription or activation screen, giving you free tethering 
This happened to me as well. Unfortunately, I don't have great advice. I was running Cyanogenmod and the power button behaved abnormally. Then a month later, it works fine..
I'm currently having a terrible experience with Lenovo. The first Y510P I had was sluggish and slow to boot up. The replacement I got fails to boot up completely. Apparently the boot manager for Windows is completely gone. Tech support had no idea. So I'm getting a refund.

But yes, I agree with this guy.

The Y510P has a very poor touch pad, meh build quality, meh speakers, overheats, poor battery life. 
nope. no paranormal activity on my end
Actually, I think redoing the root method for the previous firmware will be fine. 

http://www.valuewalk.com/2013/08/root-unroot-and-unlock-the-new-nexus-7/

or 

http://www.redmondpie.com/unlock-bootloader-and-root-nexus-7-2013-on-android-4.3-how-to-tutorial/
Yeah.. so you basically unrooted your tablet by installing the update. 

Google for a new method of rooting the updated 4.3 firmware 
I'd like to see them fight against a couple of nukes
I always thought it was the Google now notification icon 
It doesn't matter if you were drunk or not. You cheated and never told him, thus you don't deserve to marry him. 
You're a great influence to your family! 
Do you also have a part time job working at Apple-Bees?
I feel like OP wrote this after he got beaten out of a job or denied admission to a Ivy league college. 

Bring your friends
Does anybody's Nexus 7 2013 not read touches at times? Mine randomly decides not to read my touches and I have to press it multiple times to actually do something. 

A reboot seems to fix it temporarily, until the digitizer acts up again. :/
1. Plug Chrome cast in friend's living room
2. Wait for friend's girlfriend, relatives, etc. to come over.
3. Play embarrassing videos of him
4. ?
5. Profit
http://i.imgur.com/c6XusPF.jpg
You still need to unlock your bootloader 
Perhaps, you got the very very early release that did not support data. 

But now, you can definitely install the new Cyanogenmod and have data
Maybe your mom will lose her camera and some guy find it and copies the pictures of you onto his computer and subsequently uploads it to many websites. 
You don't deserve jack shit. You cheated and now you feel like crap. You're just an incredibly lucky to have a guy like him. 
I don't understand why you cheat in the first place. You're lucky that he's forgiving you and that he's willing to work it out. You owe him big time.

Honestly you're an ass. You don't deserve him.  Thinking everyone slips at some point isn't an excuse to cheat. 

To use titanium back up and freeze apps, yes you must be rooted. However, an alternative is to install Nova launcher and then hide the apps from your app drawer. I believe this would also stop blinkfeed (sorry I don't own an HTC one)

OR you can go ahead and disable the bloatware if ATT allows you to do this. Go to settings > apps and select an app and press 'disable'
Google "how to flash stock image Odin galaxy note"  and follow the instruction. 

To install cm,  find the wiki page for your phone 
At Odin mode, you could have reflashed a factory image onto your phone. This would basically reset the software to the day you got the phone.
Happened with me also but with 10.1.0.2. I reverted to 10.1.0, but 10.1.1 seems to fix it. 
I wouldn't trust strangers. Friends yes, but strangers never. 

Use swappa. It's a website specifically for buying and selling used Android phones. 
Tell him to show his MyVerizon account with unlimited data then?
That feature is CM exclusive I believe. 
Updating CM will not mess up your phone unless the update itself is buggy.
 
The new version leaves all your personal settings and apps along with their data intact. It updates basically everything else. 

You shouldn't immediately download and install the update. Wait a couple of hours and visit your Droid Razr CM forums and see if the update is bug free and stable! Other than that, there's nothing you should worry about. 
Perhaps use Clean Master. 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cleanmaster.mguard&hl=en

If that fails, factory reset your phone. 
I think I already stated that I'm 100% okay with her being a Christian. Does being an atheist make me evil and unloving? No, in fact I was a raised a Christian and I appreciate some values of Christianity such as the 10 commandments. I simply do not believe in a God. My perspective should not differ too much from hers. Other than going to church and praying to God, I'm all for teaching morals and lessons about loving others and treating them kindly to my kids.
Good advice. I'll definitely be there for her. Thank you. 
Reminds me of this movie! Mission to Mars!!

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0183523/
Maybe you can give me some insight. She claims that she's at a dark time of her life and I totally believe her. What hurts is that she won't let me help her because I don't love and fear the same God as her. I was willing to do anything for this girl. I even went to church in a nice suit during Thanksgiving to introduce myself to her church family, despite disliking church completely. It just hurts that in her darkest time, she abandons me and *only* looks toward God. Am I worth nothing to her? 
She and I talked about marriage. I know how highschool relationships don't usually last a long time but I  honestly believed that we would grow up and marry each other. The reason I'm angry is because she told me about this religion problem after a year and a half. If this was in the first month, then I'm okay with it. After a year, I really really grew to love this girl. I knew she was a christian, and I had no problem with that. This is just life I suppose.
I guess I'm just in denial. This was my first relationship and it was all I could ask for. I'll just take the time and move on with my life. Such a shame religion has to separate people.
I would go for S4. The features of the S4 will blow them away as Android beginners and I think Samsung did a nice job of allowing the phone to work from the box. If all else fails, Samsung does have an "easy" mode.

This is assuming that your parents aren't very technology literate. Even if they are, I still recommend the S4. 
I disagree. I think she going for a gang bang.
Is your boyfriend a transsexual or something? [28M/F] is confusing me.
Battery bar? Check your settings