The doggo is the one in front saying stop kicking...
This is so damn true. They always end up hitting the screen button too. Every damn time. 
Is that the slightly west of centre beach with the two giant rocks, one being smaller with the small archway and note on top? Lotsa Raptors for sure. That's my first safe spot I've found that wasn't on the outside.
I've been watching Ark on YT a ton since it came out but didn't play it until a couple weeks ago. I was shocked how long everything took by default. Even with my gathering and tame rates more than double the default, this game is still a slow process. I understand how slow can make it more appealing to some, but I don't really want to spend 500+ hours in this game. I'm not sure that I would even clear one map in that time on default...

Anyway, with the increased gathering and taming and short night cycle, I'm so much happier and loving this game.
This would possibly affect my ability to backup my games/builds properly. I would only be in favour of Steam cloud saves if the the local option was still available. 
Their compilation videos are just generally just nerdy live streamers being weird with a short girl clip tagged on at the end for the thumb.
The camera person fucking nailed it. First time I'll gladly accept a vertical video.
His butt's on backwards! 

Why didn't anyone tell me my ass was so big!
I feel like using the term "legit" can confuse your point in some situations. This is one of those times.
I've noticed a total lack of consistency for basic control panel type searches on different machines. Type in "Printers" on one machine might get you that, but it won't find it on the next. Often "printer" will not work, but "printers" will. It drive me nuts. I can find my way there otherwise of course, but holy hell why?
I love Joey's music, but he does seem questionable in other areas. I feel like he just wrote it wrong, but he should know better. 
I sure hope those products weren't damaged.
All that time chilling in those caves. You'd think he'd be on his eighth playthrough by now.
GPM changed how I listen to music. It's incredible. I was never sold on Spotify, used it for a short period before switching.
So they open a new account right after? 
It only gets worse.
Agreed.
Nice info dive, thanks.
Ha, I was thinking, naw I have the apex launcher. Then it worked, never knew that thanks.
Yikes! Good luck.
How much does one head weigh?
I wonder what kind of burn these would offer heh. The destuction of the poi would make it much more significant as a performance too. ;)
You could have a high res image too, it still isn't translatable back to sound. This type of display contains no pitch data. You might be able to translate it into one note that rises and lowers in volume, but it would sound really terrible. I guess you might hear the rhythm of the laugh, but it's really just a levels display and there is so much more complexity sound outside of level.
Out with mace and self defense clinics, in with heavy weapon meta.
It's ok, Eugene Levy is here and everything is funny now.
It's funny how I see the same people make the same mistake over and over on FB. It's almost as if they don't know...
We loved Tom Green, but he was brilliant and stupid at the same time. Lopaul is just stupid. The more the parents try to explain how stupid he is, the more the kids will probably like him.
This is what I came looking for. So much crying, so much ridiculous. The ending was also incredibly unsatisfying.
You actually saw that movie??
I may have smirked at one point. Actors were on point, but it's completely forgettable.
I turned it off due to having more cliche moments in the first 30 minutes than any Disney movie I've ever seen. The stupid song sort of sucks compared to other Disney songs too.
The story wasn't plausible, but it was still a damn good movie. One of the few times I've been impressed with 3D.
It's too bad. I enjoyed the Hobbit more due to it's fast-moving plot and it precedes Tolkien's growing tendencies toward descriptive exposition. Halfway through the second book, my ADHD couldn't handle anymore descriptions of the bark on trees etc.
Bleh, even huge fans probably accept it isn't that great. They go for...different reasons.
I almost clicked away thinking the police tortured and kidnapped this lady as I can't watch the video right now.
Naw, that was dirty. Interference and using your stick as a weapon should not carry the same penalty.
Smoke if you got em.
I'm on the bandwagon too. I use my phone while it's charging to listen to music every day through corded IEMs. I'm just making a suggestion to punkinale, because I couldn't imagine having to wait for earphones to charge. Apparently there is a dual adapter on the way, but it's $45??
It comes with an adapter like Apple does it not? Why don't you just have some extra corded iem headphones in your bag for working out?

You probably should have bought a phone with a jack, but at least you wouldn't have to wait 30 minutes...
>Different services or different folks, I get it. But Spotify as a platform is honestly the best.

Hmmm, ok. You sort of just disagreed with yourself, but I get your point. I don't even use playlists at all personally. The album is still alive and well somehow in 2018 despite many reasons for people to abandon it.  I've used both services and don't really see the difference other than GPM's technical superiority in every way. I mean, just read the post title... 
I feel like I'm always losing ground on the giant list of music I want to get to. I can never understand why people need music suggestions when the flow of albums and mixtapes dropping all the time is far greater than the time most of us actually have for listening.  Plus all the music we love and want to return to. But hey, maybe Spotify provides what you need better than GPM.
I can't figure out why more of my friends haven't switched. It's a bit of work yes, but GM blows everything else away right now. 
I know people have all their playlists and saved artists figured out, but there's really no other reason not to switch to Google Music. Offline Spotify music files still fill up your phone cache and there's no sign of uploading your own music to the cloud. Google music allows up to 75GB of your own music on the cloud for streaming and there's no crappy app to install on your computer. 

It's also 2018 and Instagram appears to still be the No 1 photos app. Meanwhile, it soldiers on with its incredibly limited web interface and THE APP STILL WON'T ROTATE. C'mon sheeples... 
Good stuff, I'm jealous. How did you hook up the gig? Friend? Paid?
I thought all black would generally avoided because people might think you're just the AV guy. I photograph events in all black, but it really feels like event staff-wear. Even the venue catering staff all wear black as well. 
I'm sensing a proud yet novice fupa. That fupa is actually a sixpack isn't it??
Ha, got me there. But did a mushroom ever level you up?? ;p
I solo'd the Brockhampton show in Toronto. I'm not sure why I was surprised, but I didn't really see anyone over 20 there and I'm 35. Felt olllld man. I figured it would be a bit more age diverse than that.
Level up? Mario is not an RPG, but your ignorance is cute.
Is "virtual power plant" really an appropriate term here?
Also, despite talking about 4k video, the writer completely skipped over camera pictures in general. I feel like he just forgot about them...
It absolutely made no difference. Did you think it was hurting your game cartridge somehow?
Didn't even have to click.
I wish my brain was fooled this easily. I feel like life would be more exciting in general. 
If you're gonna die, enjoy it.
Had an addiction to this track for over a year. Thanks for knocking me off the wagon... =)
Mario Gold and Tennis for Gamecube with friends were some of the most addictive games I've ever played. Pure time melters.

Well, not for me. Just a couple 360 photos.
What the hell, they don't even have Google Streetview there.
Ah, agreed, but that's only because we've all seen the episodes so many times. I wouldn't have called it mindless when it was on the air. That show was high-level comedy writing and I fear we'll never see a number one show with that much intelligence ever again. Friends was fun, but definitely leaned closer to the "mindless" side of tv shows. 
You really think Seinfeld is mindless? I think it's smarter than all the shows you listed put together. It's very accessible and easily digestable, however.
Yeah, but just the handles. The Flowtoys ones are almost the exact same to the standard PX3 ones, but they're sort of clear. There are softer and/or larger ones out there, but these are sort of the standard. I like bigger ones too, but they're tough to hold two of in one hand. They work great with all types of poi other than fire. 

Flowtoys version:  https://www.flowtoys.com/play-knob-single/

Home of Poi has PX3 standard knobs: https://www.flowtoys.com/play-knob-single/

Lantern Smith pom grip 2.0 is probably the best one overall: http://www.lanternsmith.com/pomgrip-handles-v2-0-sold-individually/

I highly recommend any knob over loops, but some people just like loops more. Have fun!
I just started spinning as well in October and can echo the sentiments of everyone that has ever used Pod Poi. They're amazing!

That said, I think every beginner needs a decent set of sock poi, even if they're homemade. Despite the excellent design of the Pods to not hurt you or damage themselves, there's no better alternative to water balloons filled to about the same weight. While learning new things, I've taken podpoi hits to the eye that are pretty scary. Pods also unravel pretty fast when tangled, but not as fast as sock poi. 

The stretchy sockpoi is fantastic for learning the basics like the 3 beat, but it can only bear a small amount of weight and is not very good for tosses. I have light water balloons in my Home of Poi stretchy sock poi, but ended up getting fabric poi off etsy that is non-stretch and can handle more weight.  

I also highly recommend trying Px3 handles or something comparable to see if it's for you. Once I put handles on my sock poi and pod poi I never looked back. I like them more for just about every type of move, not just tosses etc.  

Have fun spinning!
It's also entirely word searchable. OP likes turning pages like in the olden times I suppose. 
Doesn't even seem dangerous...
I love how posed this shot is and how it is edited in.
The show took a big hit when he left. Especially because he'd become so prominent and remained solid throughout the series. Such unexpected genius from a kids talkshow guy.
There are probably some decent starter tutorials on Youtube that would help. Is this really that far from the mark?
>I don't have to mentally engage with the show in order to be entertained. 

Whelp, this is one of the main reasons I don't want to have kids right now or the foreseeable future. If they blow all your energy to the point you can't even use your brain to "watch" tv, then maybe I'll never have them. And I'm not young, I'm 35.
The capitalistic corporate nature has generally been there throughout this century, but America has never been better at shooting itself in the foot than now. 
Tip top
The top of her head is her best side. 
Did they get Don Hertzfeldt to make this or did they just do it as a tribute to his style? 
Know about DDU? Then you're already in the 15%.
Cause that matters to understand my point?
Strength?? So an overweight dude that can bench 1000lbs is more attractive than a fit dude that can't?

Very poor word choice...

Edit: Made it 1000 because 200 isn't enough to illustrate a point for some people
Good luck on the subway. People are gonna be passed out!
I'm guessing traffic could have been an issue and he had to slow down.
[Dude takes puck away from kid and celebrates. Seems like a cool guy - 22:12](https://youtu.be/Gehkmr8L4ow?t=22m12s)
This happened to me once too. It was such a good game too, I couldn't believe it. The lack of a proper chat is so insane to me. It should be something you can toggle on or off at your leisure in the settings. The stupid emotes just lead to stupid miscommunications.
"Die bart die"
I SPENT $1900 and this guy is shooting bots for crystals?? That's like, stealing from me. 
[I feel like this pic is more relevant.](https://www.wired.com/images_blogs/wiredscience/2009/05/pixar-up-frame1.jpg)
It was a joke. This is incredible. Why would you be the only one to think so?
You're such a weirdo thinking this is amazing. The rest of us are totally bored. 
Didn't we just see a post with a hoodie like this last week??
Me too. I can watch streamers use all the new fancy cards. This has gotten a bit ridiculous. I also feel like the huge investment is very temporary as the new cards will eventually get phased out.
"Meanwhile, alcohol continues to be served in every restaurant and bar across the province."


Disagreed. The legal medicinal producers/providers have always been legal, with no grey area. The pop up shops selling to anyone have always been illegal. They've been awesome, but very obviously illegal. 


Holy shit that's amazing.
This is on purpose no?
He left? Where did he go?
Holy crap they cloned Mike Myers and gave him a smooth singing voice.
Ha, I bet you half expected it at some point anyhow with a name like that. =)
Yeah I'm far more impressed with that landing than anything else. It couldn't have been any better as far as absorbing the impact as efficiently as possible. Also, she gets back up in record time as well. 
God, they took up so much space. I used to keep the disc and the serial and threw those damn boxes out. 
TIL that too many legs or not enough legs is innately terrifying. 
I really wanted to hear this one for some reason.
I've met many Dad's over the years and never once did they pull any of this cliche dominance BS you see in tv shows and movies. Maybe I'm just lucky or maybe real life is far less dramatic than people seem to think.
Did it make it?
His eyes are also completely different on the world map screen, heh.
Hmmm, that sounds really bad. I'd recommend trying another one to make sure it isn't your keyboard or model specifically. 5 years with the CM Storm and I have yet to see a double or triple letter like you describe.

I thought it was just a comfort issue, but your keyboard sounds like it's broke!
Same here. Returned my Blues and got a Reds of the same CM keyboard. I'm so happy with it for gaming and typing. The noise of Blues just isn't worth it IMO unless you live alone. Even then, RIP live comms...
I can't agree. I have the CM Rapid Fire and absolutely love the Reds. Started with the blues and brought it back. Click is slightly better for accuracy of course, but I've never felt it was better enough to warrant the volume level of typing. If you live alone, NO PROBLEM.
God I hope people watching this that don't smoke weed realize this.
Bleh, not nearly as airtight as a plate with some plastic wrap thrown over. However, it does keep up the age-old tradition of laziness and pizza.
I believe in Samsung. MicroSD and headphone jack 4life. God, don't take my babies away.
This is important. I'm also hoping it's a good game.
My i5-2500 gives me 1080p frames per second.
Is it really that helpful? Doesn't everyone close the box before they come back for more? There's a reason we do that.
That sentence, ha. 

I agree though. I feel like I remember some guns so well. I actually cared enough to look at the stats and videos about them. Each gun had it's own adventure with customizations galore. Now it feels like 4 guns in the game total. It's a mushy and boring experience even if the game still provides some fun moments. 
I sort of just played them out and now I'm bored of them. I come back for DLC releases, but I'm getting bored again already. I miss being hooked like I was in past BF games.
[Mountains](https://imgur.com/a/sP8SA)
Worst I've seen was in Paris. Despite them having all those people dressed in green madly trying to clean it all up, PLUS a pretty cool street cleaning system with running water, it was fucking everywhere.

Note: This was in 2003.
[Perri-air](https://imgur.com/a/h4QOe)
Classic "My wife" post to somewhat generic gameplay clip. Upvotes galore!
The timing is incredible. Please tell me this is real.

Yeah, we live and breathe hockey in Canada. I don't expect anything near that. However, never seeing hockey on TV as a sports fan? I guess these people just watch their baseball and Nascar and skip the Olympics completely?

I don't think there are many obscure sports I haven't seen played on TV or the internet and hockey is hardly obscure, it's international. I even saw clips of [Jai-Alai](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxBUOEy_4H8) on TV when I was a kid. 
Why did you buy the season tickets before going to a game and how did you not see any hockey on TV if you live in the US? Don't watch sports in general? If that's the case, then why the season tickets? I'm super happy you found hockey and love it, but a logic bomb is exploding in my head.
Ah yes, I guess something like this shot didn't really make me think of ads or fashion. It's sort of pseudo documentary.
Can you explain? How have composites become the norm? In fine art photography you mean? It doesn't even seem like that would be the case either.
Yeah, but it's way way cheaper.
He can come up with all the reasons he wants, he's still just addicted to the nicotine.
Octopus carving 101. 1st assignment, no biggie.
Jesus, you must walk around in a safety bubble. You've never gotten injured??
George W Bush would have dodged the shoe throw no problem.
We need shitty_watercolor back for this comment.
Why not take this picture higher up in the air to show more faces and tables into the distance?
I support this outside of the giant bottles of Coke. I can't think of any food that goes well with coke. Might as well have alcohol if you're gonna have the sugar or that water also looks cold and delicious.
Oh god, that's not so good. I haven't done any older AMD actually.
This question is why I'm so confused about this whole thing. I've installed stock and 3rd party coolers on both Intel and AMD and I've never seen a chip that doesn't have the little swing latches to hold it in place.
I don't even know where new players begin. Putting $50 into a game every 4 months isn't all that crazy, but dropping at least something like $500 right off the bat is just not reasonable. I do wonder what that does to the longevity of the game as older players move on to other things and newer players simply can't afford to begin.
Definitely. Especially since you're choosing which one it is. 
English is such a sonofabitch.
I've been seeing 3-4 second delays on gun kills since the latest expansion, even though this isn't what that is. I'll see my crosshair go red and then know it will be coming in a few moments.
I'm 35, was pretty into Disney stuff, and have never heard of the Gummi Bears ever. Canada didn't get this Disney import I guess...
Yet there's many good reasons to mock someone with an iPhone.
As a photographer, I get the joke and I don't think the VW marketing team just "screwed up" like you seem to be saying.
I failed to see the nonono part.
What does your title have to do with the video?
I was hoping he it going to step right into its own reversed mouth.
His name is Art. Art Vandelay.
AF was so incredible, but didn't it seem like the quietest set on the main stage of the entire festival? We got close, but still, it was crazy quiet. I'm not sure if there was a special limit for Saturday night or something. I liked their show at the Ampitheatre more simply because it was loud like a rock show should be. 
Well, I can't speak to everyone's reaction to an honest statement to you. Some people are probably really awful and will try to poke holes in your reason. I would argue those people are more the problem rather then having to give the explanation in the first place. 
I wish I had friends like yours. Good friends should be honest with each other. Defending and explaining are two very different things. If your friends really want to see you, isn't it fair to give them an honest explanation? "I just want to stay in" is completely acceptable and keeps them from feeling like you don't like their company anymore.

I think friendships take work. Not a lot, but a little.
I like to give honest reasons and I like to get em as well. You don't like the band I'm asking you to see, just say so. Shitty bar you don't like, just let me know. 

If a good friend of mine simply says "I already have plans", I find it a bit impersonal. It's not terrible or anything, but I don't really agree with you.
So many questions.
This makes me so proud of my phone for allowing me to snap the back off and replace the battery in seconds. The 64gb microSD is the cherry on top.
Wellllll, what is it?
I really wonder how many people have been killed or hurt by flying trampolines over the years.
What did the right leg say to the left leg?

Do you even lift?
Always make sure there's two women instead of two men.
"In 2017 a redditor named garrett53 made a clickbait post about microtransactions that had no root in reality."
Heh, those barriers were probably tested at about 10km/hr for collisions. Didn't stand a chance.
Houston is the Canadian spelling.
"Absolut" Attack
Much like poker. Stay out of it until necessary.
Hoping for a refund.
Prob not meth. MDMA is clear and granular. Most likely that.
Despite a great Wayhome last year, Tame Impala at Bestival was easily my favourite concert of the year. They have an incredible show right now.
But how many beers will your dog drink before you remove the strap? You'll have to check them into rehab.
Sorry, maybe I'm ignorant to Steamlinks features, but what about the games that aren't on Steam? What about all the other media as well?
So the big story here is that you put a gaming rig in your living room or that it's so ridiculously amazing that your wife wanted to put a computer there?  

When will women liking games just be considered normal and no longer some sort of coveted novelty?
What's this have to do with Wayhome?
I was wondering if you were going to be there! I subbed to your channel after last years Wayhome.

I was there too, awesome show. I hope your equipment weathered the rain ok.
Cal is a little overweight, but Anthony has abs you could grate albums on.
When /r/FirstWorldProblems merges with another subreddit...
Understandable, I guess I've just never gotten that feeling really. I like to collect old film cameras and weird instruments/synthesizers, but I also like use most of them (if they still work). 
TBH, I've never understand what compels adults to collect things that don't have any purpose. Specifically, things that have no purpose beyond being displayed and taking up space. Maybe one day I'll be posting a picture like this with a story to with it. Something like, "I thought I would never collect useless crap until..."
Forgivaness please.
This is both good and bad. Good for viewing vertical videos, terrible for the future of video making. Our eyes are side by side for a reason people!! #stopverticalvideosnow
Points for creativity. But, wrong.
I think he's a bit of a dick in general, but she had no right to interrupt and ask for a hug. He was right to laugh about it. I wouldn't feel bad for her, she learned an important lesson that day.
[George Costanza wouldn't have done the same thing](https://youtu.be/AnfbhdELQLA?t=1m16s)
Furthermore, I like to think of this as a very selfish era. I see differences in the way people drive and the way people treat each other. The self-centeredness is running strong these days. I can't explain why, but I'm pretty sure it's only getting worse.
Meh, I'll allow it.
NV has got to be in my top five. Of all the Bethesda games I've played through thoroughly, it will be the one I remember most. People still seem to talk about Fallout 3, but I think New Vegas fixed most of the problems I had with Fallout 3 and turned out to be a masterpiece. Skyrim was beautiful, but not nearly as entertaining or interesting. 
President Trump, winning the hearts of the Russian people, one scandal at a time.
Oh god, another spiderman movie reboot. Make it stahp.
*should have told him*
They should have had more things like that, but even those were pretty lame compared to past challenges in previous games. 25 limpet kills?? No.
You failed to consider that I understood what they said. I cannot comprehend why you would think otherwise. The "context clues" thing was also condescending as hell and was the cherry on top of your misunderstanding.
Good for him. The skin collecting in this game is immensely disappointing, much like the entire progression system.
Water is amazing compared to pop-poison, especially the tap water where I live. Otherwise, I have no idea what you were trying to say.
Ah I see. We don't have em here in Toronto.
[Wawa Ontario??](http://www.wawa.cc/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/TIC-Goose.jpg)
I couldn't get tap water at a mall food court the other day. The dude apologized and said he wasn't allowed. Not good.
I like how they've found a nice sunny spot to jerk each other off. 

"Harambe will keep watch, quick, let's do this!"
What was the dog's take on the whole thing? Was it bothered? 
Different colored chalk, looks rubbed out. They wait for celebs, then write their name and get the pic. Easy enough!
Wooo, nice audio interface!

Yeah, USB should do the trick. You just need to setup each instrument in the Ableton Midi settings. Set it to "Sync" for the Output version of the instrument. Keep in mind, Ableton has to be playing for it to send the clock to the instruments. Have fun!
Generally you would need three devices. First: an audio interface. You may be recording all the instruments mixed down to a separate recorder (or just performing?), but if you're using Ableton and Push, I'm going to guess you're going to want to record audio into the computer. For this you will need a "USB audio interface" so the the drums and clips in ableton are in time with what you're playing on the synths. If you try to use your onboard soundcard line in, you will experience terrible latency. For example, when you hit a note on a synth, there will be a slight delay before you hear it.

For having many synths playing at once, you either need to mix them down with a small 8-10 track mixer and then into a 2 track USB audio interface, or just pick up a much more expensive 8-10ish input audio interface.

As for the USB hub, most will do the job, but you'll definitely want one that has its own power supply. Some USB hubs are simply bus powered from the usb port on the computer.

Lastly, for Midi, do you just need to send a clock or do you want to control the notes the synths are playing with Ableton?

You may be able to just chain them together and use different "midi channels" on each for the different parts coming from Ableton. Or, the slightly easier, but more expensive route is something like a midiman 4x4. http://www.musiciansfriend.com/keyboards-midi/m-audio-midisport-4x4-anniversary-edition-usb-midi-interface

You could also just try all the synths and usb midi keyboard through usb on the usb hub and see how that goes for now.  Essentially that should work as well, I was just bigging up Midi because it's been more reliable in my experience. 

You still need to figure out how to get all the sound from the synths into one place though, so you'll need a mixer/small audio interface, a mixer/recorder, or a pricey multi-input audio interface. Of course, you may already know about audio Interfaces etc or you're just mixing things live to a recorder.

The usb hub is cheap at around $40 to $60, but the audio interface runs around $100-$600 depending on how many inputs/how good it is.
I find standard usb 2.0 hubs fine generally, but it depends on the synth. My friends' Ultranova does NOT get along with my laptop. Laptop ports do not seem to have the same gusto.

For jams, we mostly use midi for clock from Ableton. We use one midi interface and some of the synths have midi thru. Overall, midi is far more reliable than usb in my experience, esp if using a laptop. I would not want to perform live with everything on USB. It might be fine, but midi is always rock solid.
Ha, ok. That's what I was thinking. Open-ended is fun!
Ah, well, I'm no authority in tobacco oil, but I can educate you about marijuana concentrates. They are extremely strong and not for light weed smokers. I have hash oil right now that is 80% THC. Standard bud is around 20 percent. It's literally like drinking the frozen orange juice concentrate compared to regular orange juice. It's also very expensive in  comparison.

I've also considered not offering it to friends anymore because they've been saying it gets them too high.

As for portable vapes that vaporize regular weed, there's no difference in the strength of the high, but I will admit it takes longer to consume the same amount of THC compared to smoking.
Well, I'm not arguing BF2 isn't more fun for you, but I'm assuming the majority of people don't want to spend 100 hours learning one vehicle. To me that sounds more frustrating than fun. But that's just me. Fun is completely subjective and I think the balance between hardcore and casual gameplay one of the most important things in game development. Arma is a good example of a game that is super complex and difficult to learn, but that also makes it, for me, inaccessible and less fun overall.

I put around 600 hours into each BF after BC2, including BC2. AFAIK, the maps got smaller and more chaotic after BF2. Action is what I crave in an FPS and what I've watched of BF2 would never deliver in the same way the later games did. I got so tired of counter strike simply because when you die the action stops and I'm just sitting there watching other people play a game. 

So I'm not arguing BF3 is more fun, I'm just trying to make the argument that certain aspects make it far more fun for some gamers.

Edit: CoD is a good example of going far too casual. Hell BF1 as well. It's a tough balance to achieve, especially when there are so many great games these days and most 'gamers' don't have a ton of time to put into one title.
Can someone explain the VapeNash joke to me?

Is Ethan making fun of tobacco vapers or weed vapers? Aren't the extreme tobacco ones the people to make fun of? Isn't he vaping tobacco in the episode? Then why the marijuana shirt?

As an avid marijuana vaper, I have been confused from the beginning regarding VapeNash. Still love it of course.
Agreed! There was a period where semi automatics were quite good too. So many great guns in that game.
We're the remakes supposed to "feel" like BF3? What would the point of that be?
Yes, but kicking ass with the more challenging weapons became SO SATISFYING.
"Much more fun" isn't really a reasonable thing to say, is it?

Obviously everyone's interpretation will be different, fun certainly isn't an objective thing. For me, the snappy gunplay, the next to none sound design, and the destruction was what made it the most fun I've had in an FPS. I would also argue the bF3 version holds up far better if you compared it to bf2 the same amount of time later.
I was late to BF and missed it.
Strike at Karkand in BF3 is my favorite map of all time in FPS gaming. Love the tanks, love the infantry combat, love the lack of anything in the air. This map convinced me that I'd be pretty content with no jets or attack/scout choppers ruining my fun in BF. It's only gotten worse in BF1.
Sunnyvale? I thought this was the trailer park boys subreddit....
Are you really still stuck at Pearson or did AC screw you over and now you're in Edmonton, albeit exhausted and pissed off?
I would trade the awkwardness on my MSI laptop for this any day.

1. Volume and brightness FN keys are on the arrow cursor buttons, but the FN button is only on the left side. Even with my big hands, I can't reach them with one hand.

2. The Windows key is on the right side under the right shift. This is just insane. They think "gamers" might hit it by accident during a game. Never happened to me in my life. At least I can still hit Windows key + E with one hand...

3. The HOME and END buttons require the FN button, favouring pgup and pgdown as the main function of the button. I had to use the SteelSeries software to remap this. I've used pgup and pgdown about 10 times in my life. I really hope someone got fired over this one. 
Haha, I wonder how many people actually believe he had to pay him.
God those must take a long time. $15??? Wut?
The second bathroom broke my mind. I can't get a sense of what it looks like. How does the mirror just disappear so fast?
We can't always change where we live, but we can change how we live.
I could write an essay as to why I'll never visit Dubai. Even beyond the medieval laws and practices of the UAE, for me Dubai represents how humanity has failed to take any sort of sustainability seriously. Green golf courses in the water hungry desert, destroying the nearby ocean with unnatural man-made islands, dumping trash directly into the ocean, giant buildings, etc etc. It's *excess* to the greatest degree...I'm not forgiving the Western world its excesses, but fuck everything about Dubai. Ffs, it's probably going to be underwater in less than 30 years anyway. 
Hahahahaha, good one.
Still don't want to visit Dubai.
At first I thought she was doing some new "inflate the dead pigeon" trick that all the kids on youtube are doing.
I completely agree that it is insanely expensive to actually attempt getting even 2/3's of the cards in an expansion, but I also have pretty much always felt that way. Doing quests has simply never been a reasonable way to get packs. This is definitely not a free game and it never has pretended to be. I can't imagine their profit margin. Must be pretty damn good.
George W Bush would have dodged at least two accurate shit pitches.
Mobas ate the entire genre.
I've never had or met parents like this, but am aware they're out there in droves. Sucks, everyone loses because of their hate.
Pirates celebrate? 
Why is your dad making the decisions about your computer? Why didn't you just pick up a $15 keyboard in the meantime? Your dad was annoying, but you really blew it if this story is true.
It was probably made by the badly burned Albanian boy.
It's just a lamp, it doesn't have feelings.
They got a bit more serious in the past two. Before that there were so many jokes. 

Metal Gear Phantom pain is probably pretty ridiculous at times, but I havent played it yet. The one-liners in Shadow Warrior 1 are hilarious. Bullet Storm was also a really funny fps. Check out some gameplay to see if they suit what you're looking for.
The Splinter Cell games were pretty funny and all pretty solid, more tactical though. Should I assume you played Modern Warfare 1 and 2? Both were great SP campaigns IMO.

They're so behind, and he's pulled back on several things already, I wouldn't be surprised if this get delayed big time.
Are the shops even being closed though?
Maybe because Neil Young was added last minute the first year? 

I'm not counting on it though, definitely selling my ticket.
But did they premier those different models a few days after release because they realized how badly they messed up?
Blind criminal makes stunning getaway in speedboat.
Didn't downvote you. I don't believe in it unless someone is saying something just to be an asshole. If someone is wrong, someone else can correct them and others will most likely learn. There's no reason to use the downvote as a disagree button, it isn't meant for that. People MOSTLY use it as a disagree button though.

My usual spiel. As you were.
Ah thanks. Wasn't sure on that. 
For my tastes, far better than Wayhome. Wow.
SQ-1?
So the people that have grown up loving Nintendo always buy the new system on launch plus all the new kids that are pumped for it...

Why is this a surprise? Or is it not a surprise at all?
Off by default. Was also off again after the last game update. (for me)
Dear god the FOV. It's like a tunnel.
This is exactly what the person thought would happen: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9a3lMKWIxo

Edit: Notice the distinct difference in the quality of the snow and the steepness of the mountain.
I WTF'd at the fact you thought that was a canoe.
Despite being the best, I thought the synth was way out front and Brode was far too quiet in the mix. I want a remix of this remix.
/keeponhatin
Emma Stone tweeted that she had her card in her hand from the previous announcement. It was a duplicate card.
I feel like this is a perfect example of what a kid would do versus an adult. Well, most adults.
I'm confused. What problem are you referring to and how is it relevant to the above GIF? This is about idiots that skip the revive from a nearby medic. 
They will patch this at some point. Since holding skip right away forces you to wait several seconds at the spawn screen anyway, there's no good reason not to add about 3 seconds delay at the very least. 

Also, people should use their brain things.
Finally! I've been waiting for this feature for 20 years!
I put it on to see what I thought, but I forgot it was playing.
It will be the same album exactly as "Future", but no one will notice.
I think you have the right attitude about free speech, but at the same time, I dislike how "protesting" can include inciting fear and hatred towards people because of their religion. I guess that's the price of maintaining free speech. How can people be filled with such hatred?
Is this referencing something or did you just randomly add bubbles to a meme? 
I feel like everyone opened these comments to make this joke. Good job.
Totally agreed. These people that are saying "Why bother complaining, it won't change anything", are not helping anyone. What a ridiculous thing to say.  Last year felt like such a cash grab, especially when we heard they were charging for camping. However, the music was unbelievable. I'd argue I enjoyed the music far more than the first year. Hell, we left long before Sam Smith and last year we stayed over the Sunday night and had a great time at The Killers. Because the music was so damn good, all those cash-grab things I noticed had very little power to bother me. 

Now I'm expecting an even worse cash-grab in addition to a mediocre lineup. People should definitely complain and have the right to do so if they're going or not!
I really thought I wouldn't ever miss a Wayhome, but when I have to decide between Wayhome and Osheaga every year, I can only assume Osheaga is going to be my pick this year. All that camping magic gone, replaced by long lineups at the subway and crazy overcrowding overall. The bottom line is that I'm here to hear the music and also enjoy the experience. Unfortunately, the quality of the experience is closely tied to my personal interest in the music. Bye for now Wayhome, I'll give you a look next year. 
Gotta keep trying, but it seems like something is off. I'd like to think it's a mad coincidence that you never get a 2nd date, but it's hard to believe that. Only thing I can think of is that you don't ask about THEM enough or you have issues with being negative. Barring that, do you have swastika posters?

Sure hope you can find someone soon! Giving up is not an option perhaps, but maybe find a new route to meeting people? 


Soggy bacon is definitely not a thing.
Why isn't this uploaded to their YouTube yet??
Allah
Explaining it over and over would be enough reason to avoid it for me.  Why set yourself up with a legal mess when you both will probably meet fantastic men that you will want to live with?

Seems more like a childhood pact that has somehow taken presidence over your adult decision making abilities. Lest I judge what I do not understand. Why not just be roommates?
Ah I see. Why must these modern franchises try to do both? Gone are the days where there is enough development resources to handle both really well. When you focus on one, you end up with blockbuster titles like The Witcher 3 or Overwatch. 
It's a single player game. I like the mystery vs the hype train that doesn't deliver. Somewhere in-between is good too, but how can you show much without spoiling things? I can wait. Not like I need to buy it day one anyway.
Almost enough to leave her for using caps in a serious manner. Who calls people nowadays anyway? Dude has flags to capture damn it.
I only question his actions because he could easily have hit some innocent person outside the the store. Firing at a fleeing suspect out the front of a store seems like a good way to kill innocent bystanders, maybe a kid. Maybe that's not the best choice. Maybe he wasn't firing that way though, but it looked like it. Hell, maybe this store has nothing around it. Probably does though.
It works for me. 
Something is strange about the end round screen for the past few BF games. Wasn't there no quit option at all before? 

And why isn't chat persistent throughout? This is the time when most people want to discuss the round, but we're forced to look at basically nothing and not communicate for 20 plus seconds. Does VOIP even work at that point?
Who wrote this text? You can be executed in some countries for screwing up a joke so badly.
So it can DDOS like a good SmartFridge is supposed to.
Should we continue to expect this decline in performance increases into the future? Is this just a temporary plateau?
"Am I the only one" is becoming comparable with nails on a chalkboard. Meanwhile your opinion is more or less the majority. Sigh.
Not defending thinner phones, but I'm on my second Samsung phone with no case and no screen cover. I drop them all the time and still haven't scratched, cracked, or witnessed any problems as of yet. When you wear jeans and don't have any sort of bag or purse, a case is downright awful. 
Ran my HP Inspiron laptop for 7 years. For how much I carried it around with me, it had no business lasting that long. My friend still uses his from the same line in 2009. Dell on the other hand...my mom has purchased 2 of them and they always seem to ship with some minor annoyance that isn't worth sending the laptop back for. 

As for printers, I feel like people should try and buy laser if they can. Inkjet has always been a scam.
bahaha, thanks. 
A good example of why sweatpants are fairly inappropriate unless you're consciously wanting people to see your dick.
Capping deeper objectives on linear maps makes the game 10 times more interesting. I'm so tired of the linear maps getting stuck in the middle. Better than a stomp, but I don't want to fight over one point the entire match. It's a waste of well-developed map space. The dune fight on Suez gets so damn repetitive, sometimes I just find another server.

Winning is good, but variation in matches is better.
Yeah, but the entire ending to FO4 nearly soured the entire experience for me. Everything in the main plot after you find the Institution felt tacked on. Felt like a slog at the point. Loved just about everything before it. 
116 Kerbal Space Program
First birthday and actual birthday are completely different things in my head. 
Until they learn the push instead of pull. Then we're all fucked.
I've heard about this before on Reddit. I'm stuck in traffic all the time in Toronto and have never heard random honking.
Signalling is dying. I see at least two failures to signal every day. I think people are becoming more self-centred overall and this just another one of the problems it is causing.
It's optional? What's wrong with people??
Also, all the hiphop music I listen to. Freaks me out in the car every time.
Too many bogus religious facets are still present in American society. They don't seem to be in a hurry out the door either. To censor curse words is the most pathetic thing of them all. That bullshit should have exited appropriately in the mid sixties. "There are no such thing as bad words, it's the context that matters".  - G Carlin


For some reason I thought you meant you worked on this rig all summer. I be like "Damn man, just plug the shit together."
To be honest, how much work are you really doing on the laptop keyboard? Even if you're a coffee shop crusader, just bring a keyboard and mouse. That said, it was better before...
I'm holding to all the things you listed. What happened to you dude?
Last Week Tonight looked at this issue. Not good.

https://youtu.be/A-XlyB_QQYs
Knowledge > thousands of souls
I mean, there's the adapter, but charging your phone in the car is usually a good idea. Especially when you really need to.
People who think $2500 IEM's are worth it can just replace $2500 IEM's any number of times they need to. They must literally be having trouble figuring out what to spend their money on.
You know, he doesn't have a subscription to Flag Digest like some of us do.
Naw, he screwed up. It's ok, following sports and flags isn't his forte and we forgive him. Meme still must exist.
I feel like mom wouldn't appreciate the parody.
Uh, that's fucked up. Did you also get grounded for sneezing?
Prob pretty depleted userbase depending where you are.  Last time I played there were only handful of servers going. Might as well get it on sale either way.
I enjoyed JC3 for a bit, but got bored much faster than JC2, which I finished. I'm not sure I'll return to finish it at this point. 
Haha, using the price of an ounce to calculate... This article....sigh
$7 at Cannabis Culture in Toronto is the cheapest I've seen. Usually is full of seeds and fairly harsh. $5/gram is silly cheap. Will be possible here perhaps when the big corporations enter the market. 
I came here from a google result looking for install size. Soooo, proved you wrong.
Was this entire video shot in a 20 minute period while someone was doing the dishes?
I find the events the best thing at this point. So easy to create, invite, discuss, and post pictures afterwards that are semi-permanent because it's a private event. 
I don't need 200 people I don't know following my posts and pictures and events I attend. The smaller the audience the better. and there's good reason to remove them. I've never understood people with 300 plus friends. Yes, I could have that many friends on FB, but why the fuck would I want that? 

I do use unfollow for the close friends that post a lot of shit I don't care about. 
Any movie trailer over 30 seconds long is too much of everything in my opinion. Even watching anything at all can spoil things about the movie for me. 2:36 is entirely ridiculous.
I would double check your use of the word "just". Neither was necessary above. :p
I did the unspeakable. I did the taboo thing of telling my best friend his girlfriend was bad for him (which she was and continues to be). Three of us (his best friends) said we were concerned because he wasn't really himself anymore. He was writing emails and saying things he would never say. This dude was the nicest guy in the world and was being twisted into something different. 

We all knew the consequences going in, but as very close friends we felt a responsibility to speak up. Alas, this friend and I don't really speak anymore and it's a bit weird when he shows up at events. I don't need to worry about her being there because she never wanted to hang out with his friends anyway. Now they're married and I lost my best friend.

Would I do it again? I might never be sure on that one. What I realized later is that he probably weighed and balanced the pros and cons of marrying this person and decided to take the bad to get the good. I could have respected that decision more I suppose, but she was getting nasty and crazy and I had already lost him at that point anyway. 
I think they wanted to represent all the classes in one and succeeded at that?
 
Logic bomb right here.
You're a lucky one. Keep it going as long as you can. Most of my LAN friends don't even play games anymore. I really only have one or two friends left that play games and one of them is on PS4...
It appears you were never really buying a house together after all.
Pretty sure OP meant sound isolating, not cancelling.  Happens especially with anything that "plugs" your ears. Suddenly you hear everything happening on the inside much louder.
Best game ever. The amazing sense of time and place has never been matched in my opinion. 
So much better with sound.
Well, looks like playable is an understatement. 
Haha, too true re: download it again when you want to play it. For single player I try to keep with something until I finish, but the damn huge multiplayer games like Battlefield and Dark Souls eat up my SSD space and removing them isn't really an option. Trying to finish up The Witcher 3 DLC in its entirety now so I can get that giant game off my drive to make room for more.
DS1: One of the first games I ever played where two monitors were required. One with the game and the other with the Wiki page open. I tried to limit it to crafting lookups, but damn did they make progressing in that world difficult. Love it!
Noooooooooo, that's so bad.
But I played Skyrim. I'm done with Skyrim. I was done with Skyrim years ago. Why is this so exciting? 
Geez, when the skeletons kept respawning there I just got the fuck out and explored more. I mean, the staircase is clearly visible from the bonfire, damn.
Data caps started here in NA around 2001 actually. Plenty of infinite plans too, but yeah. Now you know.
Ha, in too early and out wayyyy too early.
You understand that's pretty extreme though right?? Most users, even heavy Netflix streamers, would struggle to get to 300gb. 

Not many people download 7-10 AAA games at 50GB each every month and even fewer upload video footage at all. That said, you answered his question, so no fault in that.
Can someone explain what the hell this post is about?

I do home computer support as a side business and regular internet plans in Canada still offer crappy bandwidth caps of 100GB to 200GB. There are plenty of unlimited options available too though. These are mostly people on older internet plans. 1TB is not a bad plan at all and I would assume 95% of computer users would struggle to use that much bandwidth. 

Is it because this popped up through the Steam Store page? Fuck, I'm missing something here and it's bugging the hell out of me. 
I guess that settles who won the war.
So many chores. Hell, I even did most of the grocery shopping and cooking by high school. So where's my professional success?? I knew I was owed something! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uV4EIOT7-z8
Google keyboard hates the word "suck". It won't autocorrect it, but absolutely refuses to let me Swipe it in. 
Oh god, not this again. GTA V was like a year and half later wasn't it? Better than no PC release at all though.
So excited to play Doom in about a years time!
This is so depressing.
It's late and it took me a moment to realize your Uncle wasn't the Uncle Sam dude on stilts. I was super impressed how quickly he had adapted to the culture of the US.
Sounds great outside the WoW part. If that was still the case, I would have no Kripp in my life.
There's only one thing that they are good for
Eat the rich
Take one bite now - come back for more
Eat the rich
SSD? Which one?
There's a loading screen?
http://store.steampowered.com/app/335300/?snr=1_620_4_1400_46

On sale! Our chat made this real. Trigger pulled.

Edit: It was $12 in Canada anyway.
Um, ok...
It got my attention. I want to go inside and see. Hell, maybe I'll buy a sandwich.
I'm always shocked that people don't seem to understand this argument. Hell, you were downvoted for typing a well thought out argument. Some people just don't get it. The main problem with the argument is that trolls and offensive commentators really do need to be punished for contributing nothing to a discussion. Yes, they're just fake internet points, but people still take pride in them. If you just lost 30 comment karma, you might second guess why it happened, perhaps you won't write such a comment in the future. It's still a net profit if they're removed IMO, but it's not without sacrifices.
You might be surprised how many people use it appropriately. You could start using properly today yourself and do your part.
Seems you think the down vote button has something to do with disagreeing. Think about how bad a system that would be if that was the case. Yes, people use it that way, but it basically breaks the system Reddit is built upon. Read the redditquette page if you don't understand what I'm talking about.
I tend to wonder the absolute opposite. I always wonder how they seem to stay strong when faced with so much pressure in the limelight. They can no longer lead normal lives once they are famous. Also, the most brilliant artists tend to be pretty tortured souls. So I must humbly disagree, though perhaps other people think such things about famous people.
It's bad photoshopping. The ratio of hand size to finger length is completely impossible.
I would have left it at the first two slides. Sometimes less is more.
Just noticed the "upgrade" price. I'll prob pull the trigger if it hits $20 CAN. I've just overplayed that darn game already. Still need to finish Demon Souls for the first time too, which I'm pretty close.
Would be cool, but most of their fan base would already own all of them I would assume. Or they should at least. I'll have to give Scholar of the First Sin a go sometime. It's just so hard to justify the price considering I've already played through DS2 several times. I'll have to catch it on sale sometime. 
BOXGATE 2016
Ahhh, took a long time to figure out you weren't just referring to your "dream" that you made up for fun...I was wondering why you thought this was so interesting.
Lore was certainly not the film's strength. They explain so so very little. Easier to write things in that way without worrying about continuity.
AKA not compatible.
Time for a new PC, it ain't coming to PS4. 
Yeah, but they're both men. Women this tall is rare to absolute extreme. I still have only seen one woman taller than me in my entire life. 
What sub did I stumble into here?
I liked that movie, but I never understood why it was so brightly lit all the time. It made it way less scary for me. Like, even when the lights are out, it's still brighter than a normal room. 
Funny enough, I feel like this would get people playing more and might actually earn them more money in the long run. It's appears they disagree.
Replaced with current crappy b-movies no one wants to watch.
Maybe Bloodborne some day in the distant future when I see a Ps4 at value village for $40...this the only exclusive to ever truly screw me. I've gone full PC since my Ps3/pc days.
What about King Vendrick? They never really explain how he got so big.
Google is your friend, friend.
Your logic and reasonable thinking has no place here. We've already lost this one doctor.
Here's your wake up call: https://vimeo.com/84299736
"Playing hard to get" wins this post at around 87% of the answers. Stop doing this please.
This is the unicorn relationship so many of us want and may never find.
I honestly didn't know there were people that would say yes after saying no. They must be pretty rare right? Maybe if it was a long time friend that is worried about the friendship, but otherwise? That's so stupid.
Jon dude looks exactly like Robb Stark.
Yep, basically was the only way things could work in the past. I don't really blame them. It was an expectation back then. It was basically a disservice to someone if you didn't give them directions.
That shirt looked cool in theory but...

;P
Yes. It's the most consoley of the consoles.
I'd grind it with you for a bit if not the whole way. What region are you in?
I've never heard people honking randomly in traffic jams. Where do you live?
Checking my voicemail. It's the fucking worst. Sometimes I won't check it for days. 
Haha, you'll learn soon enough that height is very rarely a bad thing in that department. Yer good, don't worry.
Not in 2050 I would hope. Though with the way things are going in the UK, maybe insane drug laws will just get worse.
What a disaster this would be.  Hangovers are the only thing that keep the poison that is alcohol in check. Can't we research things we need instead? 
 It's a shame you can't host your own servers in BF3 and choose it as a map. 
Ah, gotta maximize the base. Shit. That may be my favourite FPS map of all time. Even the TDM was great and I don't play much TDM.
But they fixed it no? Why would they recall it? Was it only some headsets vs others?
My god, 15 ain't bad. The DLC in BF3 was good and bad, but it's easily worth the price of a couple McDonald's meals. It's worth 20 for the Strike at Karkand map alone.
I think the answer is pretty straight forward here. If they work with colour correction or brand colour guidelines, then colorblindness is a gigantic problem. If they only work with paths and build vector shapes, or just layouts, then it should be fine.
C'mon on dude...cars are recalled because people die. Don't be silly. 
Holy crap, so much work put into this, yet so little time spent thinking about the functional and conceptual aspects of creating a working chess set. 
BF3 is generally just as fast and arcadey if you ask me. BF in general is no place to find "realism" outside of the incredible sound design and graphics. 
We've all "sort of" been there.
It's time to let some traditions go people. I don't care if the tourism money is flowing, it's time to stop and think about what you're doing here. 
I like checking cloud links I send people to ensure they don't get some pop up to sign in or something. I also like to see what the interface looks like for people that only have permission to download the files.
He seems to be handling it just fine.
Even her nipples can't carry that terrible, terrible show. 
Pretty sure it was 50mph. 
6th from the top isn't high enough?
But let's not forget that we continue to glorify the consumption of material goods more than ever. 
It's one of my favourite absurdist humour comedies of all time. I've never understood the terrible critics rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Meanwhile the audience loves it at 90%.
That's also how you know a good show does not have an appropriate distribution system compared to other shows.
When I was a kid my mom liked that jungle theme from Windows 98. I used to hear this shit all the time: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WL00F_4A_4c
They seriously wanted that shot?

Why do people do studio portraits anymore?
Ok, new rule. Always walk out of the cave.
Maybe I should install that. Could spend more time doing quests I may never get to otherwise. 
Yeah, this really frustrated me. Especially since the side quest there is practically a whole game in itself. I'm not sure who came up with that design decision. It's actually one of the few critiques I have of the game overall. 
This should be an event at the Olympics.
I saw a guy stopped where the ramp ended the other day. Instead of using the shoulder and gaining some speed, he decided to wait. Might be there a long long time bud.
In the same vein, I tend to slow down when I see a red light ahead. Even just this year, I've noticed a distinct increase in the number of people who will start to tailgate me when I'm slowing for a red. Then they will angrily pass me and speed up only to have to slam the brakes. It's not so much dangerous as it's annoying in the "are you really that stupid?" sort of way. 
This has never happened to me on any highway pass in my life. It must be your location or terrible luck if it happens a lot. This is next-level retarded compared to going slow in the left lane (which is also very stupid).
People are just flustered and sort of thrown off by how tall people can be. They subconsciously fixate on it and then say silly things. 
People are such suckers for hype. I had a couple friends that weren't even into Pokemon that were playing it, but also complaining about it at the same time. 
I've been really hesitating with finishing Blood and Wine. The game files are huge and I could really use the SSD space, but I don't want it all to be over. It's not the sort of game I would ever play through twice and often when I finish long story-based games, I rarely return to them.

I don't want to let go. It feels like letting go of John Marston all over again.
I like the layout, but that red line is making me uncomfortable. "Why do you need my attention?" 
Same here for photography. Digital SLR's are just a representation of work to me and I find no excitement using them anymore. I still shoot film and get a great kick out of that, but it's prohibitively expensive.
Unfortunately, as amazing as it is, I could never find much fun in it.
But don't they want new subscribers joining up to see their critically acclaimed content? Who cares if your current user base begrudgingly watched your crappy Adam Sandler films? They probably didn't finish them anyway.
The wind feels like 37C and does nothing to cool anyone down. That said, my home doesn't have AC and it's broken in my car, so I'm...being responsible? 

I'm nearly dying some nights though. 
Nice post title. You had me googling the game title, "Give Me Time". 

Actually isn't a bad title for a game really.
I constantly backup my save files. Only way to sleep at night.
Not the same trick at all. These people are just insanely brilliant when it comes to chess.
Alright, now let's see them do it with everyone running their air conditioners full tilt like here in Toronto. Ah, not possible you say?? We need bigger turbines!
People won't judge you harshly because you play the game too much, they would do so because they think what you think is helping you is actually doing far more harm than good. What you need is any sort of job, exercise, and a regular sleep schedule. I struggle with similar issues myself and sometimes you have to make major changes in your life as opposed to constantly running away from those changes.
Well said. If binge playing a game is somehow keeping someone from having suicidal thoughts, they really need to think about their approach to the problem. The antisocial aspect alone must be doing enough damage itself.

I have a friend with serious depression. He can rarely even come out and hang out with us sometimes because of his anxiety. I can understand that to some degree, but what I can't understand is the enabling. He hasn't worked in many many years. He is 34 and lives in an expensive apartment in the downtown core of a major city. Everything is paid for by his parents. When you talk to him he seems completely normal and adjusted.

Why would someone ever get better if they were being spoon fed a life that most other people cannot afford? They simply don't get better. Same goes for OP, but perhaps they at least live with their parents and aren't costing them exorbitant amounts of money.
Hence why it's so redundant to say so.
Wait for the big X part.
I swear there's a distinct smile after the first throw.
It's not the worst, but it's far too popular for my liking. 
http://i.imgur.com/Mv5dCk0.gif?noredirect
I'm not saying the pandering is direct and they're changing the script as per what the internet requests. I'm just saying they're giving the people what they want more than ever and it's happening in the screenplay writing process.  I'm also not necessarily saying it's a bad thing. 
The most common one I see and hear is "It is what it is". 

Fucking lazy!
IF the blatant audience pandering continues, there's no doubt we will get some sort of Cleganebowl. HYPE
Oh god, I just watched the video. Hard to believe that made it to #2. It looks and sounds like they just threw a chorus together and pretty much copied "Who Can It Be Now" by Men At Work. Helped me remember why I don't usually follow these billboard ratings at all.
It's pretty much cheating the system really. Getting full credit for appearing on a song someone else produced doesn't make sense. That said, Elton John didn't really write any of his lyrics really anyway. There were important features like David Bowie on Under Pressure etc, but when did you ever hear of a MJ feature?
Agreed 100%. Perhaps they'll make some cash and popularity and will feel more comfortable returning to their roots or even developing their original sound into something else (with artistic merit). It's not entirely unlike what happened to Kings of Leon, but they've always been selfish assholes apparently, so that was more expected.
People will forever "disagree" with the downvote button. No changing that.

I'm glad to see them doing well to be honest. I'm just sad that I can't really enjoy them anymore. Perhaps they wouldn't still be making music if they didn't change their sound. Who knows?
I had seen them 3 times and even hung out with them a bit once. I loved that first album, loved their performances even more. Their show at the tree stage at Osheaga in 2012 was one of the most fun of the entire festival.

Then they dropped the second album and I hightailed it right out of there so damn fast. They went from super fun pop rock band to completely generic radio pop. I watched a couple songs at Wayhome, but just walked away. I'm glad so many people were saying it was their favourite performance at the festival, because I am no longer impressed or interested In them anymore. I can't argue they're building a bigger audience and making much more cash, but I have no interest in them now.

Edit: Alright, so "completely generic", was a bit harsh. It's hard to deny they pretty much sold out though. We've seen this happen many times before, we'll see it happen with many other bands in the future.
That was a big difference with Skyrim to this game. Somehow or another, with a horse, you could get up almost any hill. You can get up most of the stuff in The Witcher as well, but once that slide starts....better use quicksave.
It's the way to go for sure. 
There's no reason to buy pop anymore unless maybe in mixed drinks. Carbonated water is my personal favourite now. Similar experience, no sugar crash/diabetes.
Anyone screaming really. I didn't really scream or have fits as a kid, so I especially wonder when I see 25 year olds doing so.
Never saw him! Saw him a bunch at Bestival though.
Totally agreed. Neil Young and Kendrick Lamar are both amazing artists, but this years' headliners offered so much more to me. I still get goosebumps and shivers thinking about it, and to be honest, I still can't really believe it. LCD, AF, and The Killers are all top-level festival acts and we'll be lucky to ever see a trifecta this powerful again.

I mean, we didn't even stay for Sam Smith last year. This year we stayed the Sunday night and the whole thing was so much a part of an amazing whole.  
Already subscribed before even seeing this here. Great stuff, thanks for doing this.  
I was pulling out black things from my nose when I could. Tons of dust. Some sites were basically on loose dirt which also must have made it tough to stake tents against that killer wind from Friday. 

We've been lucky and have gotten green grass two years in a row. 
The Rift isn't really a thing until the motion controls come out. They might have been smarter to wait until they were ready, but who knows.
So many music festivals. The era of the music festival is back and stronger than ever. It's a very very good thing. 
Made by men, for men. Never a lineup at the men's washroom and we're unfairly trying to keep it that way.
My view: http://imgur.com/kejpGEe

Best show!
Goddamn Arcade Fire. Went into this weekend having seen them once at Amphitheatre and it was the best show I'd ever seen out of hundreds. Then they went and topped it.
The thing is, that's been done, and there's no real story in The Division to drive anything.  Sure it can be fine for a summer movie, but no thanks to the game whatsoever.
Sing it out loud or you don't know it.
That's a lot of phone slaps in a crowd these days.
This does not happen to most people, but with influential artists like Adele telling people to put their camera down, people like you are easily jumping on the anti-photo bandwagon. You might reconsider your thoughts on the whole thing. It's not as black and white as you make it out to be. Sure, some people take too many pictures, but taking 15 pictures at a 2 hour concert does not consume your entire experience. Almost everything in this world can be experienced in moderation.
Twist: The person speaking asked everyone to take their phones out and take a picture. Meanwhile, the older lady doesn't have a camera and feels left out.
Pictures back themselves up whenever I hit wifi. Still on a RAZR or something?
Definitely is about the people, the experience, and the rarity of that experience. Very sad afterwards for me as well and I've been to tons of festivals. 
Wayhome was supposed to fix my problems, but they were waiting for me when I got home. 
The Perrier area had tons of food trucks last year and the lines were so much better over there. Boooo.
All the food at WayBright was missing this year. I think it put way more stress on the main food area. Also, there were tons of burgers available, but they weren't labelled well. I went to a long line at a poutine truck that was serving burgers. I got a crispy chicken sandwich.

So much oversaturation on the poutine though. Like 12 choices or something silly.
See, I sort of want leave this sub when all I'm seeing is posts about about box office sales and domestic gros etc. I mean, why would I care how much a movie makes?

Then posts like this come along and I remember what I joined this sub for in the first place.
Everyone has seen cobs of corn like this...right?
I guess removal is more painful and more expensive, but damn.
People that traffic women as sex slaves don't tend to feel guilty about things. They are very well suited for the job.
Still Esso in Canada.
I see you haven't fought the double boss with little to no reward after trudging through the blizzard. I would argue they are harder.
Best underwear in the world. Made of beavertails and poutine so you won't go hungry.
I think we'll see more of this phenomenon as modular systems become more popular. It's as though they think "I'm not a musician, I'm a mad scientist of sound".

A performance sonicstate posted recently was very divisive, but mostly the reaction was, "Why would you post this?" I'm not saying this guy represents most of modular enthusisasts, but there must be a growing number of people who spend tons of money to create bleeps and beeps that aren't really interesting to most people.

It was only this guys second live performance, but his kit doesn't look cheap: https://youtu.be/y2kZyC1YE38
It was also super wordy didn't really show synths in action much. Good history lesson here, but it comes in such a bland packaging.
It's awesome that it's so easy to get ssd's for consoles now. These loading screen complaints should be a thing of the past soon enough.
Isn't this happening everywhere? It's been like this in Canada for over 5 years or so and it is illegal to advertise any tobacco products, anywhere.

Is there a bigger side to this story that I'm missing?
My god. Not even close.
I don't think OP is suggesting a curve or gradient. It's just plain split gravity.
Naw. It's no worse than Portal where you get flipped vertically. It doesn't make you sick.
I was surprised they didn't make new loading screens for the DLC. Being stuck on the same one through two DLC is driving me nuts, even if I only have to hear a portion of it. 
Jon looks like he's ready for his covergirl photo shoot.
Moody is the perfect description for one of few negatives of smoking weed regularly. I sometimes get stressed, impatient, even angry simply because I'm not high, which remedies those symptoms.

Not addictive no, but not completely innocent either! 

Not drinking? There's nothing but good to come from that. Your liver and waistline thank you for the break. 

Happy sober jamming!
Not twiggy anymore. It's official, Trevor is truly dead.
Jacob works like 10 different jobs at once in the earlier seasons.
Honestly, the first legendary I've opened was sylvannis and it was before I even knew what golden cards were. I've only opened two or three others since.
I made a similar point. Space travel and exploration was such a minor part of the show and that's why it was so damn amazing. It's a show about us that we can relate to, not about showing other planets and seeing alien landscapes. That gets boring fast.
I love Larry!
Not defending the Star Trek movies, because they really aren't that great on the whole. However, I've always found that Star Trek (TNG) was more about the human condition, philosophy, and bridging different cultures and their differences. Strangely enough, TNG was rarely about space exploration, and that's what made it one of the best shows ever. 

The old Star Trek and the new Star Trek movies follow more typical and stereotypical scifi and action movie elements and suffer greatly as a result.

More whales might help though.
Howwwww? Good stuff. I've held off on overwatch, still unsure about it.
Maybe now that you've completed it you can try other games? Dark Souls 3 is amazing as well as The Witcher 3. Also, Rocket League!
I was recently renting 2 floors of a house in Toronto (2 BDRM). It later sold for over 1 mil. 400,000 gets you a broken and shitty 2 BDRM here. I don't want to spend my life commuting from the suburbs.  Alas, renting.  Loan approval? I run my own business and the bank just doesn't have the same respect for that as a salary position.
The Power of the SAIGA *in the shadows*
K I'll buy, now where did I leave that $80,000 down payment for the mortgage? I know it was here somewhere.
So much work, so little gain. If you did the math and knew exactly how busy each show was going to be, would that really influence what shows you went to? Does it really matter how many people go to each set?

I assume you love stats, which is cool. I'm just not sure if these stats are worth anything.

/partypooper
So you feel the need to pee. You walk all the way to the porta potties. You wait in line patiently. You finally get into the porta potty, now bursting to the point it's painful. And now you can't pee?? 
Good work, but was it really worth it?
Well uh, more likely it'll be like last years Wayhome map.
If you're in your late 30's doesn't the BFG just remind you of the Big Fucking Gun from Doom?
The problem is all that work for a wait list and personalised tickets results in no extra money for the retailer or venue. Unless they're going for the ethical hero angle, this will never happen as long as they are still selling out tickets.
My two friends in Toronto just received theirs this week, so that is most likely skewing the results quite a bit. 
Exploring the world of hardware and computer based synthesizers. Not even once.
I like how even though this post is about movie profits, people aren't even really talking about movie profits. Because, who the fuck cares about domestic gross revenue from a movie? 

If you are someone that cares, please enlighten me as to why you care. 
Look when he looks away for a second near the end. Definitely blinks. 
Wasn't this exact trick posted a couple days ago? Only in that one the guy ran out front of the LAV with a pistol and started firing at it. Gotta give that one the edge. =P
Dunno, maybe that person just reacted the most. 
I liked the challenge, didn't like the frame drops.
Breaks too many essential design concept rules to be random. Random would actually be better than this.
On a computer it seems they all work, but tons of content is missing on the Canadian feed. I saw the "Uploader has made this video available in your country" message because I could see the videos on the Youtube Mobile app somehow.

I made a [comparison](http://imgur.com/PJ29ojE) -http://imgur.com/PJ29ojE using my VPN. 

We be missin out...
He's got a mashed up bicycle...
Thanks, but I have a VPN service on my PC for this type of thing. It's the YouTube app on mobile data that I'm having trouble with.
Truth! Agreed.
They looked at my friends weed and vaporizer at security and put it back in his bag. Who did you hear had their weed confiscated??
Holy crap, they were good, but best?? That's awesome. I liked them a bit more way back at Osheaga. I like the new album, but the vocal melodies all sound so similar. I would have liked to hear some more older songs. Still an awesome performance nonetheless! =)

Edit: That performance of eventually was incredible though.
They only had 4 minutes left when they finished. Toronto's bylaw is 11pm. 
Wow, they're cash grabbing much more this year than I originally imagined they would. I guess some people have tons of money to throw at things like this. I do not. 
George Lucas still has to do the CGI to make it look just right.
I really like how you just threw Shine on your crazy diamond in there.
Some people don't have another 20 hours or more to dump into the game. For many, it's one time through and that's it.
TIL there are such a thing as bible stores.
They're 10 years old. They have time for bullshit like this and they have no clue what sportsmanship is. I'm sad for whoever has to deal with them in the future.
With so many amazing games constantly being released, why would I want to play Skyrim again? Seems like a strange move, but I guess some people will pay for it.
I love how every conversation about guns has this exact comment involving the term "proper instruction". I think it's obvious to everyone that when used responsibly with proper instruction by people with at least half a brain, guns are fairly safe. It's all those other times that are the problem. History shows there are A LOT of "other" times btw.
Pretty much no kind of graffiti makes me mad, it's tagging that usually bothers people. 
Did you read his comment? It's still useful in locker if you rebind the key for it.
In my opinion, Game of Thrones deserves more attention, unless you're rewatching episodes.
Well, in retrospect, I just sort of sucked.
Those cross bearing things in crucification woods whooped my ass a number of times.
Best to look up tutorials on YouTube. You don't need to look up specifics, you just need to master the basics.

I, like many other people, quit DS1 because I couldn't beat the first boss. Came back to it months later and finally started to figure out stamina management and back stabs. Parries are a bit tough until you get super confident. You should upgrade a long sword and a 100 percent damage blocking shield and get the hang of that setup. Remember to drop that shield when you don't need it!
This is tough as nails Dark Souls, there is no survivability stat. ;p
Super easy to record with a program like Audacity or anything else that can record system sound.
Getting to the boss in Frigid Outskirts is more than enough. Watching man vs game nearly go insane from the double tigers was fascinating, but not for me.
Didn't everyone give up on the Taurus Demon? That said, early in the game, the black knight might even be harder without getting him to jump his death. 
Ha, if I had time to check the new section on all my subs I'd see everything that was ever on them every single month. =P
I haven't seen it posted in like 3 years so I think you're good. It was a fun thing to remember anyway.
Got an extended stem, same issues. The vapor coming out is incredibly hot.
> Sub 37

Jealous!
Ah gotcha. Yeah, vintage synth buying seems like a scary endeavor, especially if you know nothing about electronics like myself. I feel like even when they were coming out new, you had to learn how to repair them or you'd be broke in no time. 
I think the BS2 went up in Canada from $649 to $679, sigh.
It's good someone answered your question, now I have a question. Why?
Love my little Yamaha mixer. Does everything I need and sounds perfect.
Novation/Roland/Korg/Dave Smith only for me.
But cars rust. Synths do not tend to rust. A car that sits around outdoors too long will literally eat itself. Using a synth is more likely to wear it down in my opinion.
>Star Wars Battlefront lacked time to make a campaign for The Force Awakens launch

FTFY crappy headline writer
Damn, sounds good. I already get knocked over normally anyway. !)
Thanks! I'm also considering the bubbler setup as well.
I still can't understand how there are no reviews of this product burning the mouth. Even when I'm getting a medium amount of vapour on blue, this thing destroys my mouth from the heat. I even bought the extended stem, but it didn't help much.

I contacted Arizer and they claimed it was impossible for the temps to change because of a problem with the device.

Now I can only use it sparingly and I'm not that happy with it. I've been thinking adding a long plastic tube might help, but then it's not going to be very portable. 
>  with VR in mind.

People keep saying this with no real evidence to back how they might do such a thing. They're on-ear headphones, nothing more. 
Not that he should be downvoted, but the question was more of a joke than serious. It's obviously not a screenshot of the game, but quality of the photo makes it look very much like a screenshot.
They can post about whatever they want!
Facebook is what you want it to be. Remove people if you're not interested. Make smaller groups. Use it for events and discussing funny pictures from those events. It need not sure a higher purpose than that unless you want it to.
Brilliant.
I can see where this is going.
Do you really need that shit sync'd? Be smart and go local with those photos. 
Grandmas are like that. Always trying their best to make you feel like shit. 
Agreed. Good luck against that giant Halberd and Aero's reach. 

Although, maybe that girl with the whip could have beat him. All that confidence with a whip could be confusing to anyone. 
Worked for me on New York.
I only tried the New York location, but it worked. I haven't been using it much lately though. 
Which is it? PIA is still working fine. 
It's more or less just like Trailer Park Boys. 
Sometimes that's how it is. Sometimes it's not.
I used the ball to fight this guy, but I can see him thinking he was out of range.
Smoke weed every day.
Just wondering, why would you include Azure Drake in that list?

It's a great card, but it doesn't really boast any unique abilities that display creativity or brilliant design.
Priorities. But nothing is literally wrong with it. Read the discussion for different viewpoints.
I used to read all the time when I was younger. Then I suppose I figured out what I like more clearly. Nowadays it's (in this order): music, gaming, reddit, making music, youtube subscriptions, TV shows, movies, and then reading. Suffice to say, I don't read anymore at all.
Some people should just accept they're meant to wear socks. That said, it might not even help the problem that much here.
It's as though our own nostalgia goggles have become so thick that we believe our kids will be interested in our old ass games. 

I don't believe games are like music, books, or movies in that very way. Great ones come along here and there. They win awards, get tons of praise etc, but they are more of a here and now sort of product/artform. We return to ones we loved long before, but do that many people ever play games that were released before they were born?

Some do of course, but I'd argue it's a huge minority.
But your comment didn't really relate to his point at all...?
I guess I'm really just complaining about it as an annoyance. I still go back to Red Dead Redemption as well. The initial shock of the lower framerate is just a bit jarring. I feel like your brain adjusts for it after a short time, but I'll return to something at 60 and it's the smoothest looking thing I've ever seen. Even just watching gaming videos on youtube give me the same experience.

Also, I feel like I have to admit that I've never played Mass Effect. I've only played Mass Effect 2 and 3. It's so wrong. 
I just mentioned framerate. I'd give up the details to gain more frames. I heard The Witcher was actually lower than 30 in some areas on consoles. Personally, that would really make it tough for me to enjoy at all. Even when I get drops to 40ish in some areas, it brings me right out of the immersion. 
All I mentioned was the framerate. When I go back and play games on my PS3 (I don't have a PS4), I'm always shocked by the 30fps. Dark Souls and Red Dead look so choppy to me. I would choose to sacrifice graphical detail long before going back to 30fps. It's just my own opinion though. It's definitely one of those things that doesn't really bother most people until they get used to 60+. 
I feel you. They promised "Next Gen Graphics!". Instead, you got "Slightly Better Than Last Gen But Still 30 FPS Gen". I'm not entirely surprised, but I'm still pretty disappointed. I guess there's only so much power you can pack into a $450 value PC. 
I thought it was a super fun action sci-fi movie. Tom Cruise is completely nuts, but his acting has almost always been decent at its worst.
I've never fully trusted a cat. This just confirms my suspicions that they will try to kill you at any time. 
I didn't say it's not technical. You put it in quotes! 

It's mad technical, I'm just saying it seems slightly less technical. I don't play MOBAs myself, but I respect the hell out of them. I guess they're more about knowledge than reaction time, but I dunno, the pros are so ridiculous. 

As for Rocket League, it may be the most dynamically technical game I've ever played. I would argue DS isn't even close. It's more up there with CS and Quake. 

I guess the word "technical" can also have many connotations and interpretations, so maybe that's a bad word for this discussion.
That's awesome. Yeah....so close. It's hard to believe. I can't think of another series that makes me THIS excited about new games in the series. 
Touch boobs? =P
Cool, thanks! I've been playing some DS2 to get back into the swing of things. Maybe I should do up some of the classic. I'm trying to get a friend to play it though. I want to see how they deal with it. 
There's definitely a huge skill curve, but I don't see it being quite as technical as other games like rocket league or MOBAs.  
Is there still much PvP or even Coop happening on PC anymore? 
By a Dhalsimic Flying Skeleton.
Damn, one day I hope to buy this console and game for ~$150. How long do I still have to wait? About 5 years?
That was the childrens ATM. Didn't you see the adult one right next to it?
Hadn't seen this one. Great vid, thanks.
The manufacturer recovery is different from the win10 revert. It has no idea about the 30 days other  the license which I guess Microsoft converts to windows 10 . It would be easy to crack it afterwards, but not everyone wants to do that. 
Have you tried the manufacturer's recovery utility? That will install whatever OS shipped with the computer originally. I did this for a client that had a similar issue and it worked no problem.
Most common users do not make the recovery/installation disc though so it's too late for that. I'm pretty surprised his laptop doesn't have a partitioned recovery utility. I recovered a non functioning win 10 upgrade back to 7 that way.
Not a great one, until the final shot.
You probably shouldn't love with your cousins.
It's Always Sunny?
Because they extra money that doesn't fit in their bank account. If they don't spend it, it disappears. 
It effectively describes something Jimmy Fallon does, but I'm pretty sure it describes around 0% of your feelings about Jimmy Fallon. Perhaps read your title again if you don't understand. 
I'm surprised I haven't heard of this Samantha Bee show. 
Seeing as it sounded like it was a solo acoustic number. He didn't even have to tune it to the rest of the band. Simply matching tones and tuning the guitar would be no problem for Justin, but he was being a little shit and just quit.
Can't entirely tell from the audio quality, but it sounds like that guitar is out of tune. Same guitar?
From what I've heard, Michael Jordan. 
8/10 rant. I would have liked to hear more examples about the people you feel are being stubborn and not accepting the fact that the different systems have different strengths. You can make the rant about different political systems (as you did), but going by the title, you set out to rant about close-mindedness and those stubborn people wearing horse-blinders. 
>After two years of constantly hating on this game

WTF dude? You must get suicidal when you play a game that is actually terrible. DS2 was excellent from the get go. The DLC had some great lore, but generally I found the enemies to mostly be variations of one another. I still enjoyed it though. 
This explains why my cousin that did an 8 month intensive course in French couldn't finish a sentence properly in English for a good 6 months after the course. 
I've never seen it in a bathroom myself. I've seen it about 20 times on Reddit though.
100 hours of supervised driving...sigh.

Excellent rant. As others have said, get out of there. Come to Toronto if you can. I know a couple Australians here that have no intention of ever going back unless thy absolutely have to. Meanwhile, I know plenty of people from here that have moved to Australia permanently. I never quite understood that. 

Good luck to you, I hope you can get out of that place soon. It appears you're far too normal and intelligent to deal with all that bullshit.
Ah yes, one of the pioneers of the "Of course we made a second one just in case" plot points.
I feel like the sarcasm in my point was missed. Oh well.
Because that's how most abductions start right? You don't need a white van. You just start talking to a kid, get on a bus, sing some songs, and you've successfully kidnapped them! These kidnappers are more brilliant and slippery than ever.
Heh, Lvlcap agrees. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kMyI3cX5BAw
The grind is real. You must have used some pretty shitty weapons on this journey. Worth it?
I get the smallest plastic popping noise in the left cup when I turn my head with my HD598's. I don't have a solution for you, but I feel your pain. 
You also might think about posting/subbing to /r/headphones for questions like this. Much more people there.
Seems like you need the Audio Technica ATH-M50x or Sennheiser Momentum.

And for future reference, deep sounds are "bass" not "base". Good luck!
If a $100 shirt is a "cheap" dress shirt, people simply have too much money. Just because there are $500 dress shirts, it doesn't mean you have to buy them. If you price it, they will come.
Same here. They seem to have become the definitive "audiophile" headphone of this generation. So many people like myself have obtained them for $100-$150 off amazon, making them somewhat affordable too. Amazing for music, amazing for gaming. Just don't expect to use them somewhere noisy or even outdoors whatsoever. 
People still use pens?
Finally! I mean, I hope he was ok and everything, but I'm tired of seeing countless videos of these nuts blazing down public highways and never crashing.
Good points. There also has to be issues with creating a game on an engine that might be ancient by the time that game releases. 
Might as well try it once to see? There's no shame in going back.
I always hear towers referred to as the "hard drive", but I don't think I've heard hdd's referred to as the cpu. That's a new one.
Holy shit, that's tough! I have a high tolerance for booze, but a low tolerance for weed. I'm 6'6" and I can get plenty high from one hit from a pipe. Smoking a joint to myself would just be a waste as I'd be as high as I'm going to get about halfway through. 

Good to hear you like the Arizer. I find if I don't smoke for a few days, going back to it tastes pretty gross. No headrush is a good thing too, I find tobacco disgusting and far less healthy in joints. 
Save time? Vaping takes about ten times as long IMO. I can take an entire Arizer bowl in one hit in a bong, maybe three hits in a pipe. I find vaping takes far longer for how much THC you get. It's cleaner of course, but there's no way it's more time efficient.

Also, did you say it took 4 Arizer bowls to get you high? You either have terrible weed or the highest tolerance I've ever heard of. I can't imagine vaping 4 bowls in a row.
> that way I can film whats going on and still take photos at the same time

Well, yeah, I'm pretty sure that's the main idea here.
I do wonder if I would really care to know these things if I was say, born after the game cube was released. It's pretty damn easy to Google it though.
Nice troll. I played   30 minutes of the hardline campaign and never looked back. Absolutely terrible. It was completely roasted by the critics and fans of the series.
I went to school with Mark. In my opinion, he's one of the best photographers in the country.
So that article started out being about one thing and then suddenly The Hateful Eight was on the chopping block for being misogynistic. I'm not sure what happened there.
I was eating at the time. Thank god it was pasta.
Why do people get offended by Christmas trees? It's a tree with lights on it. It isnt covered in crosses  and bibles surrounded by nuns. It's a tree with lights on it.  This country has a long history now of people who aren't religious whatsoever that celebrate Christmas simply because it's an important family holiday, not a religious one.

If you insist on calling it something else then perhaps we can meet in the middle.
I suppose it comes down to preference and context. This song placed in the right spot on an album might work better than acting as my introductory experience of the band. Hearing some of their other work, I can see they're more diverse and dynamic on other tracks. Not so much because of the shredding, more like song changes and sections. 

I guess it just sounds a bit clean for me overall. That's totally just a preference though. New prog isn't really something I'm into so much in general. I was also coming off listening to some of Thee Oh Sees last night which is completely different. 
I thought this was far better. Much more dynamic and had so much more life to it.
The skill here can't be denied, but I found this song pretty much finished where it started and didn't really change throughout. They held some chords at one point to give it a bit more fullness, but I couldn't listen to many tracks like this one in a row.

I don't think anyone would argue they took any risks here. 
Can you imagine this was your job and you witnessed people doing this every day for years? And there was pretty much nothing you could do about it?
Nailed it on the head.
You got away with worse things than stealing $100 as a kid and you think that was normal?  Are you saying your parents were even shittier than this kids?
Ned never said that, and neither did Ricky.
It's crazy someone actually enjoys this huh? Computers are so much more efficient! 

C'mon now, recording with computers is boring compared to this. It's not like the dude is recording commercially. It's pretty obvious he's doing this for fun. He'd have a damn computer and soundcard if that's what he wanted. He probably does have that as well anyway. 

Go rain on some other parade.
Nice setup. Im not entirely sure how you can sit on the floor comfortably though. This is nightmare material for a tall person.
Transfers fine for me. They're all the same in my head. I like consistancy across all of the control types. A driving wheel doesn't transfer well.
Yet another post that just raises more questions than answers. One day people will realise there isn't a better way than the other, neither makes any more sense. Just play the game and enjoy it.
The unicorn horn is actually the best explanation I've seen for inverted in this entire thread.
I feel like you revealed too much in the post title.
While in France I kept going cheaper and cheaper, but couldn't find a bad wine. I mean 2 euros should not be drinkable wine, but it was, and it wasn't even bad. The breaking point was 1.5 euros. It was drinkable, but I definitely wouldn't say it was very good. The bottles of water were more expensive than the goddamn decent wine.

This was in 2003 btw. 
It's posted in the "comedy" category and they're name is the "Retard Rappers". I think it's pretty safe to say it's a joke.
Wow, posts like this just continue making this such a disputed line forever and ever...

Just listen to it yourself, there's no pause whatsoever. He *meant* to say "a man" and messed it up. 
No. ;)
Haven't seen them yet. Will see them at wayhome this summer. Good to hear. I'm just going the pitchfork festival vids, but perhaps it was just this festival.
I miss Trevor more.
Except hunting glasses are specifically made for increasing your ability to see and these are just a useless marketing ploy. 
He's probably sponsored by them. No reasonable person would buy such an obviously bogus product.
I was always under the impression it was destroyed by hackers and lacked a good banning system.
Well, I'm not expecting everyone to feel the same way of course. This is just my opinion. I only consider them a guilty pleasure because I generally listen to much more obscure, heavier music more than pop music. Check out Christine and the Queens album if you haven't already. If you like this, you'd probably like that quite a bit. 

First off, I think they need to stop the male vocals tracks.  They can't compete with Mayberry's vocals whatsoever and fall flat for me. Then there are tracks like Make Them Gold and Playing Dead that do absolutely nothing for me at all. There also seems to be a "Heart of Glass" melody ringing through several songs on the album that I found sort of overused. 

I do like Empty Threat, Never Ending Circles, Leave A Trace, Clearest Blue, and that chorus on Bury It is awesome. 
I should have specified. The dude that refused to call the ambulance is probably an American living in Canada. I'm not sure he would have hesitated in the least if he knew it would only cost $55. 
This band is my guilty pleasure. I love their hits, but it's tough to get through an album without cringing pretty hard at times. 

If you look at the crowd at their shows it's like 90 percent dudes in their late 20's/early 30's. Interesting.
Dude is probably American and thought it would cost $1000 or something. Nice rant though. Perhaps a bit heavy on the caps, I'll give it a 9/10.
I'm not really sure I can think of any game that has "better ai" for higher difficulty levels. I don't really believe your example either. It's almost always making the player weaker or making the computer ai stronger, more aggressive, or simply more of them. To think they would make them smarter is an interesting concept, but most games are not chess.
I have a special metal wallet thingy that blocks any attempts like these. 
Most likely. I'm not sure which as I only have the brand name one.
My god, they are truly amazing. Life changing really. 

"$150 for a fucking pillow??'"

"Oh, ohhhhhh."
I don't believe this for a second. Lenses have always been black. Canon did this purely as marketing genius. Don't believe them!
Purchased games patch themselves now and hardware upgrades have become less and less important. My PC from 2011 and graphics card from 2013 ran everything this year on High Settings. There's no reasons to fear PC other than the initial cost, but there are MANY reasons not to get a console. I still can't believe BloodBorne runs at 30fps. 
Sooo, either way you don't like the game though right?

I passed over that one without batting an eye. The spider tank sections looked like the only fun thing about it. Don't give up on open worlds. I've had a gas in GTAV, Red Dead Redemption, The Witcher 2 (semi-open) and 3, Skyrim, Just Cause 2-3, ALL of the Stalkers, Fallout 3 through 4, Shadow of Mordor, Far Cry 3 and 4, Saint's Row 2-4. There are so many good ones...
Why the hell would the video editor fade it out right then?
Intrawest does it for the advanced parks. It's a smart thing to do, I figured everyone else had picked up on it by now. 

Either way, there's no suing going on. The jargon all over the lift ticket is enough to avoid any issues.
This is so incredibly wrong. ~~Almost all~~ Many terrain parks these days have a separate pass you have to pay for and watch a safety video. They also make you sign your life away. Discriminating unskilled patrons? Er, maybe you were just joking. 

Edit: I guess they're more careful in Canada than the US which is strange.
I'm not really that scared either, but there are ways to play it up. You have to transport yourself back to when you were a little kid and dark basements and strange noises actually really freaked you out. You must attempt the artificial and temporary reclamation of innocence. Even if only ever so slightly, it helps.
Doing that just ruins it for me. It's more fun to fear death, hide in a closet until you think the unseen thing has left. 
To be honest, no, you don't get to experience the product. I pirate, but in no way do I see it as a "right" because I can't afford cable or every album I listen to. Plus, with Spotify and Netflix there is a plethora of affordable content there. You seem to think being poor = free media content.
You can return opened box movies? Why would people ever keep them?
It's not that bad. Turns out it "sucks" you didn't experience the ending.
"Drew you in to the story and you just feel empty inside."

Huh? Why do you feel empty inside after finishing the game? Bad ending games? I don't get it.
You might see a doctor about that.
OP does not want to be "in danger". Amnesia is one of the worst suggestions for OP and remains one of the scariest games to date.
I can't consolidate the fact you get so upset playing horror games yet you're still so interested in them.

If you don't want to be "in danger" then why are you interested in this type of game?

Check out Firewatch. It's a bit of a walking simulator, but the narrative is fantastic. There's no real danger in Firewatch. It just came out. It's very short. Another one that's entirely a walking simulator that might fit your criteria is Dear Esther.
Never understood why people need to be entertained when they're crapping. Does it take you 20 mins or something? I'm normally in and out of there in 1-2 mins or so with the very rare extended feature.
That's called a Kanye rant. Good rants should always have a strong argument. The "rant" is simply the form in which the argument is communicated.  
Real ninjas don't even need suppressors. 
I think the rant itself was executed well, but I personally prefer a rant with a point. The anger without an argument is really just a waste of my time. 
All my Asian friends in their 30's have consoles only. Just sayin'.
3 or 8 times as many sales =3 or 8 times as many players that are sticking with it even though it's boring. Plus, many many more better options on PC.
God I hate Twitter for this very reason. I can't even be bothered to click through all of this.
So now you can not the play the game at all and STILL pay for Xbox live. Smart move.
Great shot sir!
Why go down with the ship so hard? At least just delete your comments if this happens instead of just making it worse with a comment like this.
Great great music and much faster and continuous gameplay than most things on offer at the time. 
I have no issue with the product or price. Cashmere is insanely good stuff.
Those eyebrows are really pushing it. He went too far. 
Excellent response. I have to admit, the Hermes scarves are works of art. They're absolutely beautiful. I have no problem with the prices or the products themselves. It just bugs me when people think that wearing the real deal makes you a better person or somehow elevates you above someone that doesn't have the same interest in high fashion. The materialism can really consume your thoughts and before long, people can find themselves buying things they can't afford to maintain what they think is the bare minimum. Electricity bill later, scarf now! =S
I guess most people here have had a similar experience, but going back to Skyrim after playing DSII completely ruined the combat for me. I still loved Skyrim for its merits, but the combat was certainly not one of them. 
Such a Breaking Bad story. Can we get a reality show about this girl?
It definitely is true. However, it's often done with a more humourous tone though. I'm not gonna be critical of someone that says, "I don't know which of my BMW keys opens each of my 3 BMW's". 

That's a funny 1st world problem. This one was just sort of depressing. 
It's not very passive to complain about your expensive products being mistaken for fakes. Of course it's fine to be passive about wearing expensive clothing. People can spend their money however they like. 

Perhaps one day we'll focus more on the things that actually matter and less on the superficial products we wear or which cars we drive. People who let the cost of their possessions define them will always feel inadequate to some degree. There's always someone richer than you. There are people with closets full of $500 scarves. There's no endgame to materialism, even when you're super rich. 
People just need to be more humble about it all in my opinion. Enjoy the quality of your clothing, but why sweat about someone thinking it's fake? Why do you care what they think? If that's such an important factor to them or the first thing that comes to their mind, aren't they too shallow for their opinion to be taken seriously?
The only thing worse than spending that much on a scarf is wanting others to know how much you spent on it. If the argument was that the scarf is worth $470 more than any other decent scarf out there, I can swallow it much more easily.

Once you're disappointed people don't know how much you spent on a piece of clothing, it comes off very shallow and materialistic. It appears you prioritize looking rich over just being rich, and that's not very impressive. It's as if people think looking rich adds to their personal worth as human beings.
Yeah, I didn't get that one either. It's just fine.
Compared to many games, maybe the game developers think we should be thankful for being able to jump at all. 
That "difference" is very subjective. It's "colossal" to you, but necessarily so much to others. My Sandy Bridge i5-2500 (2011) and my 7950 (2013) ran all of the big games this year on high settings with 50fps+. This was simply not possible before. In the past, I didn't just have to buy a computer every 4 years to keep the graphics nice, often it simply could not run games after that time on the lowest settings. If it could run them, I was looking at 15fps or stuttery, terrible gameplay. Now we're past 5 years and there's still no end in sight for this old beast. 

Both processors and gpu's have plateaued massively IMO. 
Oh god, and I finally just upgraded to Lollipop. Love this phone. 

BTW, I've dropped the phone at least 150 times and once was into water while it was still on. 
[Stole this move from Grover](https://youtu.be/c4IlqVdbTKI?t=56s)

DCMA takedown incoming.
> their format

That's giving them way too much credit. 
I see your point, but she's not running a business based on the horses' likeness. This horses face does not represent her brand (as far as I know). It's just a horse in a field. I dunno, I still think you've got to be a little slow to mix it up that badly. Maybe the general public is a little slow in general though. :/
This isn't about legal knowledge. This is thinking about something and making a common sense judgement about it. And it's not like photography is some niche interest. It's a massive industry that nearly everyone participates in somehow or another. 
You win a trip somewhere, usually flight and hotel paid for. Geez.
That must be a frustrating place to work. I can't even imagine what else they think about the world.
The four side ["clip" style plastic containers](https://www.google.ca/search?q=clip+lock+box+tupperware&biw=1680&bih=931&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiRwMyq89fKAhUlnoMKHQdOC44Q_AUIBigB#imgdii=NmNiwOQrfl7P1M%3A%3BNmNiwOQrfl7P1M%3A%3ByIk8BorKOrxF-M%3A&imgrc=NmNiwOQrfl7P1M%3A) seem pretty good. I have a twist top plastic container that I would have to agree doesn't seal as well. 
Not to burst your bubble, but jelly/jam jars are exactly the same as anything airtight. Good to use glass vs plastic, but if there isn't a vacuum pump or any form of humidifier, it's exactly the same as say, a plastic seal-able container. 
It's because they're actually playing baseball. There are so few risks of injury in baseball that they can have a decent game. Fast paced sports where people are constantly banging into each can't be played at nearly the same level of competition. So yeah, it's the best All Star game by far, but in my opinion that doesn't say much for the sport itself. 
Ha, that was a pretty funny mix up. 
It seems like the internet is filling up with this type of crap more and more every day. Make a list of things a specific group will relate to and...profit? 

Yes, I remember these things you speak of, now tell me why I should care on February 1st, 2016.
Ugh, I don't feel well.
Maybe it's been growing well in the past few years.
Very well played. Guy got so angry that he posted a video making himself look like an idiot.
No garage? pffft peasants.
Beautiful, just beautiful.
Even From Software was like, "I guess these guys will only have to be killed once, it's just too hard otherwise"
I'm still confused. DICE based the map Seine Crossing on a real area in Paris. There are thousands of photos of it on the internet. 

Why is the photo you posted of the same area significant? Maybe if it was a least a WWII picture then that would mean something. 
Am I missing a joke here?

[This is the Seine Crossing loading screen](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/J1Zw5olOSpg/maxresdefault.jpg)

The picture you posted is from a completely different angle, and presumably from a long long time before.  


It's still good. We can eat around the plastic.
I still play it once a year or so and it all comes back. Top notch game right there. BF3/4 are fine, but that was a masterpiece. 
I thought it was a huge problem in BC2 especially, because the mav in that game called in airstrikes and was crazy powerful.  Couldn't change it to inverted and therefore I sucked with it. 
Are you sure? They have an identical one at the Science Centre in Toronto. I would guess there are tons of them. All the photos I found of the Exploratorium have opaque windows. 
But why would I want to see an endless sea of nonsense?
Ha! Just wait until you're paying the bills by picking up your camera. When your camera is putting food on the table, you're either wildly successful and love your job (and taking pictures), or like many of us, the magic is slowly stripped from this "hobby" that you once loved so much.

If it's already happening in school, I'm not gonna lie, that's a really bad sign. I still shoot often for the cash, but I'm moving into graphic design and my first love is now listening to and creating music. 

If you really want to give it a go, focus on the business side of things. You can still be creative with your shooting, but the business knowledge will be what makes you succeed or not succeed.  Anyone can become a decent photographer, but less people are suited to running their own business, so just keep that in mind.
Ah there's the MOST posted picture on r/gaming. Might have even been a couple months this time since I last saw it. Good work!
I love how these amazing, but obscure references pop up in my much less obscure frontpage. 
It's a nation of consoles. Home computers aren't nearly as common and gaming computers are nearly non-existent. I'm not entirely surprised by this. 
As many have done as well, I went browser-app over a year ago because I don't want to give them absolutely everything. The app is shit anyway, so this is welcome news. My rooted Lollipop S2 is slow enough as it is. 
Ohh, it's on it's third generation now. I have 1st or 2nd gen I guess. So, my MG10 is somewhat old, not MG10's in general. 
I think the hacking/lockpicking is the real heart of your argument. Though swimming down to countless barrel stashes in the Witcher drove me nuts.

After 3 games with the identical lockpicking, I was disappointed, yet somehow not surprised, that Fallout kept the same old hacking mechanic AND lockpicking. We just need more variation in these challenges. That means more development time and money, but imagine there being 10 different variations of hacking/lockpicking. It wouldn't feel nearly as repetitive and might actually keep us from getting bored doing it. At this point it seems like it exists simply because it is already coded and they don't want to bother making something new. 

Yes, we could get rid of it altogether, but I'm not sure that results in the best solution. Perhaps things like random traps and enemies attacking like in Dark Souls are the best way to keep us interested and on edge.
I swear, these are getting so bad that I'm starting suspect they're fake.
That's ok. Plastic tastes better than fish anyway. 
[For you.](http://imgur.com/wbFpHIa)
I use the the good ol Yamaha MG10. Great build quality, clean sound. Easy to find used for cheap. No USB though.
I've been playing around with synths for about a year now and am in dire need of a knowledge boost. Definitely will check this out.
I love when people fire their machine guns at my tank. It wins they die and I win.
They've started digging in front of this beautiful wall mural. It looks like a building is going up and this won't be nearly as visible. 
He's been playing this tough guy rocker thing up for the past couple years. I'm not sure I'm digging it.
A game that was released in May 2015 wasn't supported for even a year when there were serious known issues? Yikes.
I have two monitors and keep hearthstone in windowed mode. I guess I'm very ready for this new meta.
I play a ton of hockey, but many of my Canadian friends do not even own skates...SKATES!
Am I allowed to look at that photo in the context of this article?
I knew you'd come.
Ah sorry. I still play the game so I assumed you did to. I always have thought it takes a bit too much effort to dislodge the ship. I think it should just happen naturally as the storm gets worse.

I do especially like the weather changes and the sun coming up in dawnbreaker by the end of a round is so cool. I'm glad they're experimenting with truly dark night maps as well. Though I still love the night snow maps in BC2 the most.
The singer and bass sound great, but I'd love to hear a bigger sound coming from the keyboard and guitar.  Looks like they're having fun though, so that translates great to the stage. 

Way better keyboard sound here IMO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhNfddJRulQ
What backstab and why didn't you take cover to your right when you started getting hit?
Or more specifically, [The Rotten](http://img1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20140722181556/darksouls/images/a/a9/Rotten_aggro.jpg) from Dark Souls 2. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UMoqUmTN6EA
I avoid this potentially awkward situation by not liking anyone at all.
Wha, no, no, the post was nerdy. Your comment was the only one negative enough to somewhat support my bitching. 
I consider myself a nerd, but this was far too nerdy for me to appreciate. By the end I was just annoyed. 
Waaaaah, I can't get my paaack! Cmon now. I was getting wins with randoms 40-50% of the time. It's not stupidly easy, but it's far off what you're building it up to be. 
Some good advice here. Lots of subjective stuff though that's really up to each player.

As long they're dropping fucking ammo and not jumping out of tanks letting them get stolen, I'm happy. 
Yes, looks like a tour this year. 

www.wolfparade.com
Good to see it's adults being idiots. There's still a chance for the kids.
Oh shit, I just assumed from the Reddit post coming out today that it was a new thing. OP fail. Play on then. No problems here.
Plus it doesn't become 3vs1 when the game gets slightly lopsided.
I went from man's anus, to some sort of strange vegetable that looks like a man's anus, back to a man's anus, then finally the truth. What a rollercoaster! Feeling a bit whoozy.
That's amazing! That's same combination I have on my luggage!
That's the combination an idiot would have on his luggage.
Are they sure it isn't an alligator?
I like how he was like "I don't even know what else I can say about these guys".
That's not to say we still won't get a shitty Mad Max sequel.
I thought it took the fun right out of it. The prices also seemed a bit less discounted as well. 

I dunno, it used to be a game in itself. Now it's just a big long boring sale. 
I guess I was wondering who buys these pieces of shit. Probably mostly kids right? If you can't afford the $20 more for the real deal, you should just save up longer.  I learned the hard way by going with the "nice" PC controller from Logitech which dropped button presses and generally wasn't a good experience to use. 
I thought the whole adaption part was rushed through and hardly discussed. I thought the video looked like random stock video and it had no value for me. I would have liked if it was a cohesive project that told a story. Off the top of my head: Where did he get the lens? What struggles did he have? In his opinion, what differences were there from what he normally shoots with? 

There are so many ways to make this more personal and interesting. 
Wow, that was not interesting. Talk about gear or process driving the work. Perhaps he could have come up with an idea that somehow fits using the old lens. But, I guess youtube happened and content is king over any sort of quality. 

I guess he got my view. Sigh.
I remember him being pretty funny, but he doesn't seem to treat women with much respect unless he thinks they're hot. And those he only respects because they're hot. 
The end of my time with Starcraft 1 was all turret defense anyway. I guess it was a fitting end in that case.
My god, $10. You pretty much know that was assembled by child slaves of some sort. Much better to be the baby being monitored by it than the baby building it.
They usually are. Otherwise the dude wouldn't be in this situation.
[It's only a model](http://www.intriguing.com/mp/_pictures/grail/large/HolyGrail038.jpg)
I was even kidding. Don't worry, the kidding didn't take me too long.
I feel like OP is a 12 year old boy. "LOOK GUYZZ! HAHAHA"
Do some people see in mirror vision? Does anyone really care?
This is the way. 

I have to admit I'm pretty impressed with the battle against pirates lately. Two of the biggest titles last year still have not been cracked and it doesn't look like it's going to happen. Metal Gear Solid V and Just Cause 3.
But then you have to pre-order. Didn't we already talk about pre-ordering and how it's destroying the industry? 
These aren't so bad. I bought dozens of these and drilled 1 inch holes all around my house. In the tables, in the furniture, window sills, even one on the stairway railing just in case. 
As much as I hear the "difficulty" talk, I hear the "but it's always fair" point as well. I rarely hear the difficulty discussed in a negative manner either. People are getting more and more into gaming and AAA gaming has continued down a steady path of becoming easier and easier. If anything, the difficulty point is DS's best selling point in a gaming world of Assassin Creed and Far Cry games. It's the new platformers I avoid because of difficulty. Yes, they're fair, but their difficulty doesn't come with all richness of imagination, lore,  and role playing that Dark Souls offers.
Except hacking.
Telling the time is secondary.
Ha, no problem here. With resources being so limited and no magical console commands like in many games, I play with the wiki open and ready to go. Mostly for crafting, and when I'm not willing to pioneer discovering cryptic game mechanics like Snugly the crow and Dyna and Tillo.
My system is now over 5 years old with a graphics card upgrade along the way. I run everything on High no problem, many on Ultra. Who the hell looks at system requirements??
How can you possibly know so much about the game if this is your first playthrough? 

I played through it twice and I don't necessarily understand many of the things you said.
I'm sexually frustrated and this made my day.
I've never really heard anyone call it a Jif, but if they did, it's reasonable to assume they were thinking about giraffes.
I learned something today.


Ah, thanks.
What is a "shrine upgrade"?
[Saw this on FB literally the moment I clicked away from this post](http://imgur.com/q6a1Kn4)
Wow, blatant Photoshop does not look good.
It's not always that easy.
I use a ps3 controller emulated to an Xbox 360 controller. Somehow my brain figured out the prompts.
Geez, you stopped playing it? It wasn't THAT hard...
I dunno if I want to download an audiophile. They never shut up about wall distance and speaker height and they won't even let me drink my morning coffee before constructively criticizing my audio setup. =P
At 16mm, everything is in focus unless you're like 3 feet from your focus point.
Did you just crappy design a /r/crappydesign post?? So meta.
Only the poorest of folks can't afford at least a self-building kitchen. They're definitely targeting the upper middle class with the entirely self-building homes. 
Moist like a vagina?
They should prioritize the quality of the quests and make the main story less prominent. It would balance things out quite nicely. 

W3 was definitely one of the best AAA games yet to move in this direction. 

Edit: Those goddamn underwater stashes though...fuuuuuck.
Ha, my friend was just saying the same thing last night. "Wait, that's going to take me forever...but I can't handle not doing it." 

*stops playing game completely*
HE'S MY BLOOD BAG!
All of it is CGI. 
It's still just a brilliant scheme by Steam to make money. The same happened with trading in TF2. The people paying with real cash are investing yes, but they're also suckers.
I don't understand how he thinks he will have any success with this. Even the dumbest of people would check the card before doing any work.
We had plenty of pretty big LANs back in the day. The second biggest difference here is the fact there are girls here. The first biggest difference is LCD monitors.
Sam Smith? We skipped him and left early at Wayhome music festival to beat the crowd.
Why is anything a "smh"? 
They still have a ton of work to do. I keep checking back for important fixes, but it seems most of my issues still persist as per the comments here.
I've never heard of these land living/bright red leeches. Yay, something else to worry about.
I'm not sure any of those terms are exclusive to either country. It's a bit useless to try and simplify our differences to this extreme.
Might need to check their facts on that last one.
Damn, pretty old reference. I'd long forgotten that dude. Had to Google knawledge.
https://youtu.be/zZKp_jFxQJc
God I hate when I read the comments all the way to the bottom and still don't find out what the post is referencing. 

Some shitty reality show or something?

Edit: Oh yeah, this dweeb: https://youtu.be/zZKp_jFxQJc
Well said.
https://youtu.be/bcDtAPOscV8
Pretty nerdy joke really. Why do people feel the need to make a binary joke every time a number consists of 0's and 1's?
Do you people have shitty families? I don't mind talking to my family. Most of them are pretty boring, but if you get them talking about something they like it's not that bad. Also, I tend to focus on the fun, smarter ones that are able to have a 2 way conversation and make jokes. 
Plants be like "SO DELICIOUS!"
It's a cop out. She could have come up with something meaningful to say, but maybe she's retired and doesn't plan on enlightening or educating people as to why this process was so important to her. It's not a huge deal, I just thought it was sort of lame. 
> I couldnt do it with any other camera, Dorfman said of her portraits. When asked why, she said she doesnt know. Can you really say why you fell in love someone or why your marriage lasted? You can say why a marriage didnt last, but  I dont think, if someone said to me, Well, why are you still married? I could never put my finger on it.

Wow, not only did she allow a technical process to completely define her life's work, she can't even come up with a few points as to why it appeals to her. I just see a person here using a spectacle camera as a gimmick.  IMO there isn't really anything interesting or skilled about her work outside of the fact she's creating large, one-of-a-kind prints. 
Well now you know.
That's perfectly hilarious. He was quite correct.
I think it's the only online melee fighting game with substance outside of dark souls. I'm not going to play it endlessly, but I'll return to it for major updates. At the very least, it's worth picking up on sale. It's great fun trying all the classes and seeing what works best for you.
Ha! Own goals are definitely expected at any time. Why not execute them with style while your at it?
It also looks like one of the boxes of ammo. So mean.
It really does look fairly calculated.
I'm so used to looking at people's synthesizer set-ups these days that a picture like this looks like it's missing a ton of equipment.
Youtube has a cutting-edge bikini sensor algorithm built in to the uploading system. Bikini thumbnail videos get three times the traffic, so it was well worth their efforts to implement this technology.
Funny how that was the only episode that actually intrigued me.
You might consider raising your settings for taking screenshots. Especially if this was the "best" view in the game. 40fps+ is irrelevant when taking screenshots. This makes the game look pretty terrible though...it's a shame.
My god thank you. I almost had to google it.
What tavern brawl are you playing? You must be winning a lot. Use a net deck this week and you'll lose nearly every game. As it should be.
You're just too lazy. That would encourage people to use their ladder decks when playing Tavern Brawl and that goes against the entire point of Tavern Brawl. Although I think they should trend away from user created decks for this game mode, making the decks available is nothing but bad IMO.
There's my first LOL for the day.
Which athletes and rappers in particular? They look so lame...
[You think this is funny?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rDThNoeDeh4)

I'm not sure she said one clever thing.
I've never heard of her so I researched her comedy. I'm sad to say your point is 100% confirmed. It's amazing people can spout such boring shit on a stage and somehow maintain all that comedian confidence. 

Something's missing here. 
Had to look up "chuck-a-puck" and I'm hockey fan/player from Toronto. Where do they do this??
I couldn't even see what you were talking about. Had to go to the comments to find out.
No, you've only just begun. Now you need a 4 bomb.
I also tire of the same old comments, but hey, often those people may have said nothing to you if you weren't tall. It's a conversation starter and one of the easiest out there. Since height is generally considered to be a good thing, strangers are flattering us right off the bat. 
Could both be right depending on where you are? IS THAT POSSIBLE??
There's definitely a reggae influence that is subtle but really cool.
I didn't find it all that artificial, but I felt like the bottom-line was still that it's an advertising scheme, as generous as it was. It's normally impossible to buy advertising this good.
Is this really a necessary question? Has Christmas really become that material?

Try not to think about gear so much.
I definitely agree. This post sort of surprised me because although the building system is a bit crude, it gives so much more purpose to looting. FO4 needed this new building system to intertwine the action and the resource management so well. If you want to build you need to work for it, making it all that much more satisfying. 

It was such a nice surprise and gave life to a game that's lacking innovation beyond the previous titles in many other meaningful ways.
# #sexyfruit
The only Mountain Dew stereotype I know of is that gamers drink a lot of it. We don't really drink it much in Canada (there's no caffeine in it here).

Can someone explain who Earl is talking about? From a Canadian standpoint, he sounds pretty stupid saying something like this. 
My turtle van toy shot plastic pizzas. Much more deadly.
Yeah, I used to drive a 98 golf (best overall visibility IMO) and whenever I drove my mom's new Camry it was straight up terrifying at times. It was mostly pedestrians that pop out of nowhere.
"You mean you can shoot fireworks at yourself outdoors too??"
Hadn't seen the third one. Thanks.
Overall, I'm much more short term than that. It keeps life spontaneous and enjoyable. 

Right now I like music, hockey, synthesizers, and video games. Who knows what I'll be into in 5 years?
I find it funny when trashy tv anchors and talk shows refer to him as sexy. The dude is a super talented actor, but please, don't describe him as some sort of sex icon.
And as a result, now we have 21,000 names of idiots in real life on a list. 
I don't think people forgot about it that fast. It was a giant thing that everyone was talking about.  They were talking about the effects mostly anyway, so I'm not sure why anyone would expect a big cultural impact. 

Furthermore, I wouldn't expect the highest grossing films to have the greatest cultural impact. They tend to play it safe and don't rock the boat very much.  I'm still not sure why we, the viewers, care and discuss how much money a film grosses. I'm so tired of its irrelevance. 
Truly expected Dickbutt. This was the first time I was ever disappointed NOT to see Dickbutt.
Very little respect for the dude who just sat there and watched a lady get attacked by a psycho.
Wow, this will definitely be the least interesting thing I will read today. And it's still the morning.
But then he threw a cymbal at my head.
The reason people thought it would be a more challenging shooter was simply because DICE was making it. They usually aren't into the super-casual Call of Duty type of development. Battlefront actually seems pretty casual compared to CoD actually. For their time, the original Battlefront games were also far less casual than this, so there's that expectation as well. 

There is huge failure here to make a compelling game with longevity. I'm so surprised people are defending this game's design and content offering. I bet the servers will have emptied out in less than a year. 
[Yours is more extreme now.](http://imgur.com/KMnISld)

No feat too much for Philippe Petit. 
I talk down to most people I meet. I'm 6'6".
[We got him guys.](http://imgur.com/mKID2vz)
PajamaNoMakeup REVENGE! 
Thanks good sir. I hope your ram is running fast and cool.
Can someone explain to me what Mysterious Challenger has in common with Christmas trees? Does this joke even make sense?
>have been described as "brave" for, well, putting a picture on the Internet.

The key point in your post should be the "who" not "what" was said. You don't say who described them as brave, so basically it's irrelevant. If some stupid youtuber/twitter account/gossip site called them brave, then we don't care and this isn't an issue. If someone of influence or a respectable group called them brave, then we can critique them for being stupid. 

Ya get me? There's stupid shit said on the internet every day. If we try to battle all of the dumb stuff people said, we'd never have time for anything else. 

Edit: Furthermore, "brave" has also become an internet meme term that means something very different than how the dictionary traditionally defines it.

Edit2: Just saw the subreddit. Rant on, my bad.
I bet mom loves that this photo hit the internets.
Ha, will do.
That's a lot of time using imgur. 
"and be working"?
This has become an issue I think we'll sort out over time, but it's still too soon. 

I mean, a huge portion of the music I listen to contains the word and singing along with a song I love shouldn't necessarily make me an asshole. 

More time I suppose. 
But, the year isn't even over....?
Wow, two of the best games of the year (FO4) are fairly disastrous on console and mostly acceptable on PC. Things may be looking up.
This sort of place looks more like fashion over function. The type of people who have a fire whilst the air conditioning is running. 
The turquoise strings be like "We refuse to be shadowed!"
You might check out Jeff Rosenstock.
I was half expecting this to lead to some ridiculous joke. Your point isn't really related to turning down sex. You were just being smart and normal.
Was that supposed to be funny or depressing? I couldn't quite tell.
This post is so old that we need to fix the tracking on the gif.
It's a cop-out crack that avoids saying yes or no. 

"Mr Knell, are you saying the characters we all love don't have backstories, feelings, or personalities? They are simply puppets and nothing more."

"Next question."
A new matrix movie? Where is Keanu?
So much to be proud of and you post a potato view of it. Are the latest consoles still incapable of taking screenshots easily?

That's almost the worst burn of all.
What about that was a teaser? Definitely a trailer.
Same card here. My god, I wish I'd done more testing. I've been playing through drops to 25 in cities. 

I think I figured it out, though I have an older CPU.
SHADOW DISTANCE: MEDIUM

I went from ~25 to 60 just outside Goodneighbour. Maxed most of the other settings too except for Godrays and still seeing 60fps.

Goddamn you Shadow Distance. The game does not look as good no doubt, but 60 vs 25? Worth it for now!   =)
Have any results? I'm just about to try these suggestions/settings.
Step outside Goodneighbour.
Does it have to be made by Korg? Those two synths are massively different.

You should look at the Bass Station 2 and the Minibrute as well. I wouldn't recommend the ms-20 to a beginner. I went from the JDxi which is close to the microkorg on to soft synths for polyphonic and a bs2. It depends how much time you want to put in, but the ms-20 is fairly niche and not all that easy to learn from the start.
Wow, I picked a used one up for 400 Canadian and that is mostly unheard of up here. It's still 600 + tax in stores. $300 US is really really good.
Waiting for my Marshall Reflector to come into the store. Great reviews but I havent tried it yet.
[She literally looks exactly the same.](http://assets.noisey.com/content-images/contentimage/no-slug/896c7ca5235b13e5d6f2ff8e5821b9ed.jpg)

I think you mean, "She's sexy now." 
I think this film marked the very tail end of the 90's style comedy. Such a great film.
Now you have too much gold. What are you going to do with your new found fortune??
Had PS2 emulation and most of the games for free on my PC for years now. Need a half decent PC tho.
Watching Dimitrov is like he invented a game and isn't letting anyone else know how to play. =)
Tick rate is different from hit registry I think.
I feel like 99.5% of all of the people that read your post agree with you, maybe even 100. Did you read the comments on IGN or something? You should avoid doing that.
I would love to see the look on this persons face when they get home and assess the damage to their car.
Couldn't figure out what you were pointing out. I guess I'm just used to it here.
Then, crap post. Very misleading. Thanks for setting it straight. =)
I don't think he did. Even an old PC is more powerful than the current consoles, especially since there's graphic settings on PC. He's just gloating because he's back on top. We all go through the cycle here.
He had a point with the shitty ports thing, but I was incredibly confused with his final fantasy point. FF and jrpg's are so definitively console. I think he had a minor stroke mid paragraph there. 
I know you're joking, but seriously, why do people even care how games are running on other peoples systems? 

The less you think about this type of thing in all aspects of life, the better your life will be.


I mean, fooled it in my game. I built 7 floors in top of the redrocket, now I'm tempted to push further.
It's a pretty weird shirt.
Maybe starting up on the Red Rocket roof fooled the game?? 
Not sure why you were downvoted. People don't know this (including me) because it wasn't in the google results when I originally searched. 

Thanks for posting, finally I can get it just right.

Edit: Now someone downvoted me? Try it, it works.
The base building is the only reason I'm truly liking this game. This is coming from someone who usually doesn't care about such things.

I have 7 floors of a base built above the red rocket gas station and haven't hit the height limit. Is there a height limit??
This comes a day after the robot companion walked right through it. Strong (mutant) coming up tomorrow?
Wow, it looks like a crappy iPad game. Nothing to see here IMO.
Funny how the commentators didn't even see it coming.
Just moved from my 98 VW Golf to a Subaru. The Golf is the smallest tall person car I've ever been in.
Agreed. It's not attractive whatsoever. I do my best not to fart around girls I'm with and expect the same in return.
I'll switch from my Winamp/Live Playlist style when something better comes around. (Hint: that's never going to happen)

Bonus Protip: Paste this into your "Advanced Title Formatting" code bar in preferences/titles

[%artist%] - [%album%]- [%tracknumber%] -$if2(%title%,$filepart(%filename%))
We didn't call it soccer because we're Canadian.
Dead on here. I pretty much spend most of my dialogue getting laughs. It's the best way to live life.
I have an oddball friend of a friend who is quite intelligent, but lacks social skills and seems to be autistic to some degree. He'll have things to say to girls that he rehearsed in his head that he thinks they'll find interesting or funny. I feel like there's a good chance he's never been with a woman and he's like 33.
Well I can't argue with that! 

Everyone does their own thing. However, I guess we can both agree that tourists walking around holding their iPads up taking pictures of buildings, are not doing the best thing for anyone. =)
Is that why we take pictures/videos? For people in the future?

I couldn't care less about the people in the future. I also couldn't care less about seeing the same persons face with the same posed expression in front of all of the touristy things. 

Taking interesting pictures of people on the street however, that's the real history to me. At that point you're capturing real life. I'm not saying a gopro can do that whatsoever, but there should always be a nice mix of yourself and the people you're travelling with, the people you saw on your travels, and the places you traveled to. We don't need to always be thinking about who these shots/videos are for, maybe we just like doing it for ourselves?

http://fadedandblurred.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/r_frank_41.jpg
The more times you retire, the more money you make. 
You shouldn't be surprised by any of those things. They are completely up front about online passes and premium. Most console multiplayer games have this system in place and have for years.  

In my opinion, you either love Battlefield and pay the $110, wait a year and pick it up on sale, or you don't play it at all. I get no less than 500 hours out of BF titles (NOT HARDLINE), so the value (for me) is still actually decent compared to solid SP releases like The Witcher etc. BC2, BF3, and BF4 have been well worth the cost, even with the god-awful releases.

I'm not defending EA's practices, but if you go into ignorantly, you're most likely going to get burned. I don't mean to support their shitty practices by buying, but I fucking love these games to death. 
How did you one shot him with the Mare's Leg? IS this hardcore?

Edit: NM, read your answer below.
It's a mini-game. Brilliant!
I'm not entirely clear to why this is here. 
I like what you've done here, but it's almost as if the nintendo processing is holding it back. I almost think it would be better to create a patch or use a synth that sounds similar to the nintendo, but with a bit more depth and expressiveness. Sadly, despite your skilled playing, i found myself bored with the melody quickly. Perhaps I just don't care for the song in general, but it just sounds a bit sterile and lifeless. I'd like to hear more elements give it some more character as opposed to just playing what's expected. 

Not sure if that's helpful or not. Great job overall and the multiple video clip editing is amazing.
Plus, the laziness isn't helping either, Professor.
Wow. Just wow. 
I was just thinking that I haven't played it in a long time. Great map.
Well I know, but we don't see too much of this though do we? People will always abuse good equipment and try to bastardize it into something they think is cool. I think bad HDR is much more mainstream and that's the number one gimmick I'd really like to see less of.
Heh, this happens all the time.
Who ever said they're gimmicky? They're a niche lens used for niche purposes, but they aren't gimmicky. Getting straight verticals straight out of camera is pretty amazing actually.
Those are great games too, but Fallout/Skyrim/Halflife were amazing without the voice (and face to some degree). I ended up here because I'm wondering how long it is until a mod comes out to remove the voice and camera changes. Is it even possible?

There was a sense of mystery and role playing that I never got from the Witcher and Mass Effect games. I love them too, but the silent protagonist allows us to immerse ourselves so much further IMO.  
Real men don't drink latex, they drink oil-based.
Holy shit that's disgusting.
I thought it was a Xenomorph.
You bring up a good question about Farkas, but I'm not sure it's doing anything to argue your point about Bethesda slacking on the technical side of things. That's just attention to detail.
His face in the second pic is perfect. 

"I can't believe I'm doing this".
[Me after re-reading the top post.](http://imgur.com/unYV8ob)
I read that, but couldn't quite comprehend someone being that stupid. My brain told me because there was a video, they had to follow through with a child abuse investigation and he lost, horribly. 

I hope other complete asshole kids hear about this one and it helps them become normal people. 
I see an asshole parent involved here. I don't personally think this stupid kid made the decision to pursue the charges. If he did, this event might be the single event that started a chain of events that ruined his life. What an idiot.
He didn't think that far ahead at all. All he could come up with in his stupid brain was a pathetic attempt to "scare" the dude or upset him in any way. I'm fairly sure he wasn't actually serious about following through with the "molestation charges", especially since the entire encounter was on video.  

Edit: OMG, how wrong I am. My brain almost broke when I realized he actually continued his insane claim.
That seems a bit more effort than necessary. Why not just have a card wallet and put them facing backwards when you've used a card? 

Tape on your lens??
I get the sense tables that low give most people problems in this case.
Yeah, I guess. Usually I don't see more than half the players on TS though, if that. I agree that it's so much better to be able to communicate with your tank gunner that isn't in your squad etc.

However, the team with more TS people tends to tilt the game a bit. 
I don't get it. If they aren't on comms you just yell at them?
A lot has been said. I'll just suggest you start shooting on M all of the time (if you don't already). The less the camera has to "guess", the better. You'll start to get a feel for it soon enough. 

I'd recommend looking at some famous photographers work for inspiration. Robert Frank and Gary Winogrand might be a good place to start. It's sadly harder to take pictures of strangers these days more than ever, but just keep on smiling and you'll be ok. Bring a small album with your portfolio. It's great to show people if they approach you in anger.

Lastly, push yourself. Just because you went and shot for three hours, it doesn't mean you have a ton of great shots. When you start getting used to spotting what is generally considered well executed images, editing will be easier. Just keep shooting really. And always on M! Learn how to read your histogram if you have trouble seeing your exposure from the camera screen.

Good luck and have fun!
"I didn't ask for this"

"Um, yeah you did. Here's your signature on the bill for the robot legs"
Ha, was the tank stuck as well? Extra points if it was.
Still missing those Rugrats references every time. I had to google your post title.
I don't care that the post was deleted. Still upvoting it.
Woah, she's sick in the head. Well done sir.
My friends starting putting on weight at 25. For some reason I got a free pass to 30. Then I went up 15lbs no problem.
That odd time where my browser doesn't log me into Reddit automatically and I try to figure out what is interesting or funny about two burgers just sitting there. Oh, /r/food. 
Guess what, there are thousands of hiphop songs that do that.
What? Why only at night? Strange.
Is that even worth arguing? It was implied that OP wrote the text, I was just clearing that up.
I thought all coffee cups are still non-recyclable because it's not worth the resources required to separate the coating from the paper.
Retarded post title? It's the just the article headline.
Wait, who's smearing Harper over this?

The article just reported what happened...
They played a fairly smallish festival here in Toronto in the spring and then were playing the ACC later this year. I've never seen a band this good blow up that fast.
Because then they don't get your phone number on file. It's the same as the stupid contest shit you get at fast food restaurants and pop caps where you have to create an account on their site to "see if you've won."

It's all about data.
This is definitely the way to go. You need the damage from upgraded weapons, but keeping low stats armor is basically the best way to add difficulty to this game. 
I wish it was a bit more punishing like Dark Souls. There's far less dying over and over to learn a bosses attacks and weaknesses etc. There's also definitely no Bestiary in Dark Souls. I was purposefully doing quests far out of my range just to raise the challenge level. I expect a mod will come out to address this.
The board doesn't sink, you sink. You push backwards with your arms and they just sink into the snow as far as you can reach.  

So you take your board off and now you try taking steps but every one of them sinks you to your waist. You get about 15 feet and you're absolutely exhausted. It blows.

I think the floaty feeling of a snowboard in powder is far superior than skiis, but you can be pretty screwed if you get stuck on the powder flats on a board. 
I was working for the Liberals during the 2011 election and I STILL voted NDP.
Downvoted for not being relevant, upvoted twice for good advice anyone who's trying to lose weight should follow. 
[My dog doesn't need water to canoe and he definitely doesn't need humans.](http://imgur.com/a/MIgxg)
I've done far too much riding alone in the trees. It sort of sucks when you go somewhere incredible with someone who's an intermediate and not able to take the routes you want to. I'm a bit less stupid now, but hell, when you only get that chance every few years...
On steep parts no problem. On flat sections you can be pretty screwed.
[Look at me, I am the captain now](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/B22V-JWCQAAU7p8.jpg)
Oops, sorry human. Didn't mean to crush you, I'll get off.
THEY'LL LISTEN IF THEY HAVE TO STRAIN TO HEAR
I like to think we have great cops out there, and we do. However, these guys are sadly the stereotype of losers/bullies that became-cops-to-gain-power-dipshits we see all too much of in the States. 
What I want to know is what they were trying to hide. This video wouldn't be on the internet if they didn't act like such idiots. What did they really want to achieve by acting like this?

Edit: Ah, the Star articles claims they were trying to protect the identities of those being arrested. Then just fucking say that then.
Does it cost more for a 60hz server or something?
It's basically the pinnacle moment of a nerd's technological orgasm. You could take it apart and put it back together, but that wouldn't be good at all. The first time you build it, it's absolute bliss and excitement. 
I was wrong to go Apple on him. 

I dunno, I've never once cared about the colour coordination of electronic products. For me electronic products have much different priorities than things like furniture or clothing. For me it's Features>Value>Build Quality>Aesthetics 

So perhaps it's hard for me to understand why someone would prioritize aesthetics when the other things have so much more bearing on your actual experience with the device.
Sorry about the Apple comment. I've revised the post.

It's a great mouse. Not great enough to bother modding though, so you're completely right in that sense.
His problem is that he's letting something keep him from buying a mouse he wants because of visual aestetics. Otherwise, trust me, I can respect a clean setup as much as any other person. Cable management, case choice, desk design, monitor mounting etc. 

I don't think people need to spend so much time thinking about how to style their surroundings so they're "just right". They're chasing after perfection and we all know how attainable that is. 

"Damn, this monitor is 80% off. Too bad it has a blue light on it. Guess I'll have to buy this one that isn't as quite as good and is twice the price."

I don't find it to be the healthiest attitude. I almost deleted the Apple comment though. That was below the belt. 
Wow, people get so damn OCD about how their setup looks. Who are you showing your computer to and more importantly, how many of those people actually give a shit about what colour it is?

~~I hate to say it, but it seems more like something an Apple user would care about.~~ I shouldn't have said it. I'm sorry.
Oh I see how it is...
I see no cake.
I feel like drivers are still driving, but many TTC riders have opted to bike. I see more bikes on the road than ever.
Those idiots on the right side. They were basically behind him for the second and third bombs. SHAME!
Reminds me of when I fall holding a beer. Beers = babies right?
We just witnessed someone discovering that the internet isn't a fair and happy place. 
On the miss you can even see the open shaft.
This link will stay blue. I don't do botflies.
I've been here 7 years and somehow missed it.
Sounds like a Canadian with a Spanish accent.
Elliott Smith's work is both brilliant and by far the saddest music I've ever heard. If you're depressed and self sabotaging it's just the ticket. 

His take on alcoholism: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5g-91mwiNs
The r1 uppercut swing out right after a roll seems super fast for such a heavy weapon. Sweet cosplay!
What ever happened to the night version of shanghai? Was it just a temporary thing? I thought it was pretty decent, but it seems to be gone from everywhere, even CTE.
The mighty, towering speedbump presented itself and the low rider trembled. It was his one weakness that could not be overcome. After driving 130 miles, he was forced to turn around and go home by that evil and nightmarish yellow raised line.

It was that very day that he reconsidered the pros and cons of a car this low to the ground. 
It's so incredibly subjective. There's no human being rating scale. One man's dream woman is the next's worst nightmare. Same goes for how women feel about men. We're all just looking for a decent fit. 
Ha, I see you have yet to be in a fantastic relationship. If you were texting all night when in relationships then they aren't very good relationships. Just wait until you meet the girl that comes to "hang out with the guys" and is hilarious and everyone loves that she's there. Then you'll feel entirely different about relationships in general.
I think he's referring to a whole subset of people who no, shouldn't be assholes to everyone. 

For example, you innocently bump into someone completely by accident. You say sorry in a friendly way and smile, and they give you a mean look and don't respond. I think he was trying to discuss assholes that are single in general.
Heh, I can see you're a nice person. You backpedaled too far though. Your point was entirely fine and I'm glad you didn't edit it. You were referring to asshole single women who are single for a reason. Assholes deserve to be discussed in a derogatory manner. ;)
It does seem like some people fall into the behaviour of acting stupid when they're drinking. We drink for the buzz and the easy laughs, but once you're slurring your words and your wit has almost completely disappeared...it's definitely not attractive at all.  It takes me a lot to get to that point so maybe I have it easy?
It really depends where you live. I used to find that attractive and cool, like in movies. Now it makes people look far less intelligent in my opinion. Less intelligence=less attractiveness.
Ah, that sounds pretty cool. It also sounds quite clean for a $3 score as well. 

It's great you can turn the low "effects" down because they can really stack up and overpower the whole sound, esp. with delay. 

I've saved your comment and will let you know how the Marshall one sounds. 


This is great. I have a chorus/flanger and a delay, but I just ordered in a Marshall Reverb pedal and I'm excited to use it with the BS2. 

What effects units are you using here?
Ah ok. I love carving pumpkins, but it's always been a tradition to do it on the day itself. I guess these work well in the window or something. I feel like squirrels and racoon's would destroy it the first night if left unattended on the porch.
Won't this be rotten by Halloween? Why do people carve pumpkins so early?
I knew something was strange today but I couldn't quite put my finger on it. Got stuck in a damn alternate universe again. 

Edna! Prepare the portal!
Get over it.
I know right? I know right? I know right? I know right?
Back when I was doing my fine art degree in photography so many people became so invested in what they"could do" vs what they're actually trying to say with their art. It's cool to look at cool things, but the best art should have a strong conceptual component and message in addition to process and technique. Think of Banksy's work. It's beautiful and unique, but is always well thought with the message being the most important aspect.

Bob Ross was awesome at what he did, but painting landscapes like he did isn't going to land you that art grant. :)
Especially going to sting considering she asked you if you like her new scarf.

"No I'm pretty sure it makes your ass look incredibly fat."
The future in general. I don't even like going to bed because then it will be tomorrow and I'll have to start a new day disappointed with myself.
>He has been from a few servers for swearing/racism/intolerant language. He rages at everything.

Sounds like more than 1 or 2 games, but perhaps you were exaggerating for effect or something.

And racism? Fuck everything about that. I don't think you should do anything you don't want to do. I was just giving my opinion on this dude. It's good to hear he has redeeming qualities too. I would never look past the racism though, it's not 1955.  Does he say things are "gay" too? He sounds like just the type.
Wow, I'm surprised I haven't even heard of this game. Sounds similar to EVE Online. A silly amount of time is required to make any progress.
Well, that doesn't sound very fun at all. I don't have the patience for games like that. I have a huge backlog of games to catch up with anyways. If it isn't fun within an hour of playing it, never play it again.

The only exception to that rule, for me, was Dark Souls. It kicked my ass. I quit. I came back to it and despite having to use wikis and youtube, it's now one of my favourite games of all time and I've played through it 3 times. 
I'm not sure why grades matter all that much. No job I ever got asked me to prove my two degrees let alone tell them my grades. I've never seen it on a job application either. 

In other words if you don't have an education and can't afford one, just pretend you have one. 
It's not like it's any worse than McDonalds. I think it's the "liquid meat" that squeezes out of a tube that gets people all riled up. That fries supreme cheese is absolutely the lowest quality too but fuck if it doesn't have a taste that keeps me coming back. 

It's hard to find in Canada now though, it seems like around 50% of the locations have closed.
Oh god.
Making a car that parallel parks itself is growth. Do we need it? Fuck no!
I don't really understand it either. Our economy is almost entirely structured on growth. Without growth it fails. Expectations of constant growth leads to issues in sustainability. That will be our eventual downfall because there's only so much growth this poor planet can handle. 
Hmmm, those example shots/scans aren't gonna sell that film very well.
Shouldn't they be teaching that both ways are correct? Obviously this student knows that, but some may not. 
That's not beautiful, that's just lack of intelligence. Pretty sad in my opinion.
What is the connection here? What does does Yennefer have to do with the Mona Lisa?