**Miss Sloane**  It's been on my "to watch" list for a while. I really like Jessica Chastain, and thought she was amazing in this role.
Really recommend reading the book if you want to have at least some idea what the last 20 mins meant.
Serious bummer, but now you get to buy the NEW best car you've ever owned. Gen 2 in your future...
When the US pulled out of TPP, most people expected it to collapse, including in the other countries who had negotiated it. Yet, they were able to rework it without the US. Anti-TPP was a great rallying cry, but it was one cemented in ignorance of what TPP was intended to do.

I'm sure that the US will be let back into the TPP though, and other countries will likely make some tiny changes so Trump can claim he's only signing on since he made it better. That seems to be the way things work.
He wouldn't have gotten away with one affair OR one divorce OR one porn star OR marriage to one immigrant OR one bankruptcy.
Personally when I was doing this recently I used Kijiji (Canadian Craigslist equivalent) watching for a good used deal. I knew I wanted a Les Paul style, and was watching for a deal on an Epiphone Les Paul standard. As things happened someone was unloading a Dean Zelinsky Stretta Vita for < half what it would have cost new, and I grabbed that. I'm very happy with it, but I'm sure there are lots of others I could have also been happy with too. 
Good bot


THIS is why I still think Ford will lose. I have a hard time believing that enough people are stupid enough not to grasp that he's promising things that are beyond his control for him to win.
FWIW, while I agree that all parties might have done the same thing, destroying the computer records of the discussions took this to another level.
True enough. There are lots of different models to get to Universal Coverage, single payer is one. Obama wanted to model his more on the Swiss system, which works well when everyone agrees not to fight tooth and nail to avoid covering the less-fortunate.
>A former top political aide to the Environmental Protection Administrator who describes himself as a Republican and loyalist to President Donald Trump is coming out swinging against his former boss. His newly public allegations of excessive spending, retaliation, and overall shady behavior at EPA could represent the most significant threat to Pruitt’s job yet.


Exactly. In all honesty, I never did find **exactly** the watch face I wanted, but I'm plenty close enough. Steps are important to me, and for some reason most of the analog watch faces have steps in a tiny font size. 
They realize it. They're ok with others paying for their health care, just not with paying for other people.
A more useful comparison would be what percentage of Canadians prefer it? Better to ask people living under it whether they'd prefer a change. Last survey I saw had 86% of Canadians opposed to privatizing health care.
2018, 80 km once (bought in late October though). Lowest is 50km. Hoping it's higher in summer.
What battery charge was $600? Was this the 12V? That sounds insane, and no way it should have taken over 24 hrs.
I feel similarly to this. I've used fitbits and Garmins. The BIP has a lot that I prefer to those, especially at the price. 
Can we call this the Gingrich Award^^TM ?
50 year old here: Yes, it truly is harder now. I played for about a year when I was 20, then stopped for 30 years. Picked up a guitar again this year. The stuff that I learned at 20 is mostly still there. New things take a lot longer to stick.
There are many in Republican circles who still see him as the intellectual he pretends to be. Ryan/Gingrich, 2020: The fake intellectual ticket.
This probably means he's planning to primary Trump in the next cycle, and doesn't want any more stench.
Thanks for making me feel young! I'm 54 and playing guitar is something I've wanted to do since I was in my 20s - at the time I learned my open chords but stopped there. I've let one thing and another get in the way, but this Jan decided that 2018 is the year and I will play every day.

Agree with the comments on Justin guitar to start. I'm just about through the beginner course, and it's helped a lot. Even though the first 4-5 sections were things I "knew" I took my time on these, practicing at least a couple songs on each level.
I think it's safe that everyone wants better services, and I doubt there's anyone out there who believes it's sensible that we have disparate services for Public versus Catholic. Yet here we are. So we have separate boards why? 

FWIW, one of the issues in my district at least is that the Catholic board doesn't provide the same level of spec ed services, hence has more money for mainstream services. 
I do, and I look at a lot of issues, and would encourage everyone to. As things stand right now I can't vote for either the Liberals or PC, which leaves me with the Greens or NDP.
How about equal services regardless of religious affiliation? A single board is a great example of improving efficiency.
Will have to look, and don't have time right now. What you're looking for is the polling data from the first couple of weeks after the election was called. I believe the Globe and Mail had an election tracker "poll of polls" like 538.  
Of course there are. But I don't like any of the other parties right now. There's one party that's taking a reasonable stand on something I consider an important issue.
This is a reason to support one board, yes? Or does the idea of inferior services for children in the public board considered a positive?
10 weeks before the election the liberals were estimated to have a 1% chance. Then the niqab thing hit the NDP like a ton of bricks, Justin didn't drool on himself in the debates, and once the Liberals got some momentum, the ABC crowd jumped onto the liberals side in startling numbers.
Provincially they're the only ones who support a single public school board though. That's enough for me given the current alternatives.
Source? They make $2 billion on top of the 70% tax? What's the total net-income from the LCBO (including tax)?

I'm not saying you're wrong, I'm asking for a source, since your estimate has gone from $1 billion to $2 billion in the last hour.
The budget made me less likely to vote liberal, and I tend to be a liberal supporter. The only thing that's made me more likely to vote Liberal recently was Ford being selected.
Then vote Green.
Not necessarily agreeing with this, but this is the type of discussion I'd like to see us having. Let's actually have each of the parties tell us how they'd manage the budget next year.

Provincial spending on advertising isn't significant, but it really is a poke in the eyes of taxpayers. "Let us use some taxpayer money to advertise for our awesome government, after eliminating the oversight for advertising spending."
We pay something like 70% tax on wine, I think the government would be ok.
Bear in mind this far from the last Federal election, Trudeau's odds of forming the government were estimated at around 1%.
So, I'm someone who leans Liberal. The new budget made me less likely to support them. When Ford got selected I thought maybe I'd swing back to the Liberals, despite being pretty disgusted with Wynne. Then the new budget happened, with Wynne trying to explain why it was critical to prorogue to present this, and I'm back to either NDP or Grreen.
If anyone can lose it, it's Doug Ford.
In fairness, National Post pegged interest as the 3rd largest expense as of last weekend, but they may very well have lumped part of children's services into education.

It isn't that I think the current debt isn't sustainable, as much as I think it's something our government should be addressing rather than increasing. And in fact, Wynne agreed with that as recently as a year ago. So yes, I'm disgusted with the government selling off Hydro One for short term profit even when the long term loss from this was clearly presented. Stephen Harper liked to talk about how well Canada weathered the last financial meltdown, when really it was Paul Martin's budgeting that had the country on solid ground giving Harper the ability to deal with it. 

To be clear: I'm a Liberal supporter by nature. But I also believe strongly in long term financial planning -  and there doesn't seem to be any of that to be found.
I agree. OTOH, federally Paul Martin made hard decisions, balanced the books, and gave the subsequent government a great present.

I really prefer none of the above.
OK then. Someone who manages their finances properly has their interest payment declining on a monthly basis in real dollars. Someone who isn't managing their finances properly continues adding debt, and hence has their payments on interest increasing on a monthly basis.

So, in your analogy, which side of this does our government land on?
>Epic foreign-policy blunders tend to haunt American presidents and echo through the ages. Just ask George W. Bush, who 15 years ago next month stood beneath a “Mission Accomplished” banner on the USS Abraham Lincoln. Those moments also cry out as warnings of the pitfalls to avoid. There may be many moving parts and no easy solution to the conflict, but walking away from Syria too soon will likely secure for President Trump a regrettable banner moment of his own.

I do enjoy it when the National Review writes scathing stories about Trump policies.
Guess what? A lot of people were concerned about deficits then too. I'm not sure which point you're objecting to, but interest payments account for 8% of provincial revenue. Feel free to convince yourself that a lot of people are programmed and don't know what they're talking about, but you might pay attention to the fact that a LOT of people who voted liberal in the last election want them out. Assuming that people who oppose your chosen party are mindless idiots has led to some spectacular election mistakes in recent years.
Interest on debt is Ontario's 3rd largest expenditure, behind health care and education. I see an issue with that.
Actually, I like this. Unfortunately, we have no candidate running on this platform, or anything remotely close to it. I'll probably vote Green or NDP, there's simply no way I can support a party led by Wynne or Ford.
Bushtukkah or Running Room. I prefer Bushtukkah because they don't seem to have as large of a mark up on shoes.
Found 2 on my dog last week.
The money we're paying in interest would pay for Wynne's latest spending spree, with billions left over. 

I so wish we had a party running that was fiscally prudent, without seeming likely to implement draconian social parties.
I really liked it. I think part of that may be I was disappointed with a lot of S4. I really disliked Arkangel and Metalhead. The others were ok, but wouldn't crack my list of top 10 episodes. 

Black Museum felt more like what I've expected from this series. It was a bit derivative of other episodes, but it embraced that. I found it a really good end to the season.

At the end I was thinking maybe they were walking away from the series, since it kind of felt like the end of the series to me. Glad it isn't. 

Monkey Loves You!


>That piece of information about Trump’s March 20th call that was made over the strenuous objections of his advisers had not previously been reported before a Russian official disclosed it to reporters in Moscow. 
I wish people would just ignore this ass clown
Has Don actually made any statement about Russia using nerve gas in a NATO ally? Or is his response to invite Vlad over for burgers?
But, but, but... Trade wars are easy to win.
> Trump’s tantrum, of course, was completely in character, but it was based on a glaring factual error: people who arrived in the United States after 2012 are not eligible for DACA protections. And though much of what Trump says can (and does) go ignored in Washington, where most have realized that they’re better off overlooking his half-baked policy whims, in this case his utter ignorance may have a significant impact.
Seriously though, that place wasn't that big, and he works there, and gets hot, and takes a water bottle from her? It didn't even look like the bottle was sealed. Just saying, it was obvious to me at that moment, and I don't tend to be that observant. 
 TL;DR.
Yep. I wondered exactly this when I looked at it and saw how much yellow there was under the rim. I *thought* that must be the case, but was surprised it wasn't labeled.
So the timing of this is great, I just reached the Justin Guitar lesson on Dsus and Asus chords yesterday. This seems like a useful/interesting approach to use to practice them. I feel like getting the coordination in my picking is going to take a long time though, honestly this is probably the thing that caused me to put down the guitar 20 years ago and not pick it up again until this year.
[Spoiler Alert](/s "The water bottle in Black Museum. 1: Who takes a water bottle from a stranger? This just struck me as odd, and then 2: He's in his workplace, like he doesn't know where to get water? 3: It's that hot and she doesn't want her water?")

I guess I watch it now looking for something that seems a bit out of place. A lot of the twists I've thought "Oh I should have seen that coming" since they leave all these clues. This one was too clear.
With a friend visiting a remote area of a national park. A ranger told us not to go to this area because there are a lot of rattle snakes, but we were stupid and figured WTF did he know? So we're hiking with light overnight gear, and I saw movement and looked down, and there was a big-ass rattle snake literally an inch from my foot, curled up in the sun. My friend was behind me, so I jumped backwards, knocking both of us down. The snake just stayed coiled up looking at us, buzzing. 

Needless to say we were scared shitless the rest of our hike, and were camping out that night without a tent which was also a bit nerve-racking.
Just watched this, I've been slow on this season since a few of the episodes have turned me off to the point that I stopped watching for a couple weeks. 

I thought it was a great season finale, but found myself wondering if it's actually intended as the series finale? It tied together a lot of previous Black Mirror episodes, and the title actually made me thing this could be the end. Have they announced if there's more to come?

There were a few things that were really obvious along the way, like the moment 15 seconds was mentioned it was clear this was going to be used, and really, who borrows somebody else's water bottle? Especially when you're in a building you work in. But really, all things considered it was a really solid episode. 

If this is the end, Monkey Loves You.
Thanks for this. How many years of practice does it take to do it at the speed you are in the intro? 
I'm a bit older than you. A few years ago, I ran into the father of one of the kids from son's soccer team, stocking shelves in the grocery store. I knew he'd been let go from a tech job. Honestly, we were both a bit embarrassed, but we continued to run into each other. I always said hi, and eventually the weirdness wore off. I'm sure he had these interactions many times per day, but he's been working there now for about 10 years.

It's nice that you have enough money to work a job you like, even if it doesn't pay well. I'm a bit surprised that you're driving a Mercedes though, it doesn't sound like you ever made the kind of money to do that. House paid off (good) but you don't have much savings, unless your wife has a great pension plan. 
To you I'm an atheist. To God I'm the loyal opposition.
My god this link is ugly. 
I would seriously consider used for the guitar. If you have a friend who plays that would help, but even without there are some videos you can look at that will show you a bit about evaluating a guitar. Personally, I bought a cheap guitar online, and hated it. So, I stopped playing for about 2 years, then a few months ago started looking used. I wound up paying half of what my guitar would have cost new, for a guitar in new condition & am much happier.

For the amp, I have a Roland Micro Cube and really like it. A bit more than your budget, but maybe worth it.
Sure. Honestly, as a gift I'd hesitate to buy used as well (I did buy a used acoustic for my son as a gift but only looked at guitars in pristine condition). My biggest point though is to avoid anything too heavy.
"Like a Rolling Stone" is one that I really enjoy playing on acoustic.
I recently picked up a used guitar in new condition at a great price from someone who bought it for his 12 year old son to learn on. The reason he was selling it? Weight. This guy had a few Gibson's and picked up a Zelinsky Stretta Vita as a less expensive option for his son, but it was simply too heavy. So, he was unloading this to get a much lighter Strat for his son. Message here: Pay a lot of attention to weight.

I'm a big believer in going used if possible, you can often pay half as much as something cost new.
Yeah, I had that one. Using the approach from the youtube video for tuning after adding the capo worked for every string but that E.
Exactly. They know that with effective counsel they will be unable to convict. Hence, they will do everything possible to avoid a retrial.
Not calling her to testify could be trial strategy. Not contacting her is tough to explain as strategy.
That's useful. I do think the high E is a bit off from listening to the harmonic/12th fret, but not nearly as far as it sounded when I put the Capo on. The other 5 strings sound fine to my ear though. So, I'm going to work on the capo tuning before adjusting anything.
Very interesting, and new to me. I'll definitely try this.
Looking forward to this, I was really surprised by how far out that one string was - I was a bit suspicious that something was off though.

Thanks for the quick help!
Great, I suppose if I check that way I'll get the same result that I did with my 7th fret tuning test. I've been using guitar rig on my PC (with a USB cable) so hopefully the tuner in that's good enough. 
(Beginner). I was trying to learn a song that had Capo on 7th fret. When I put the Capo their my chord sounded crap. So I figured I could check the tuning using the 12th (and 11th) frets as if I was using 5th (4th) frets on open strings. The tuning was quite off, especially from B to E string.

I'm guessing that means the bridge needs adjustment, is that something I should be able to do myself? 
Yeah, fuck her. She's a hate-spewing right wing monster. Trump is a reflection of her values, it's just that there's a spotlight on them now.
Thanks. I do like cooking Chinese, so 6 months would be ok. Lots of recipes call for sherry as an alternate, but I think that comes through as a pretty strong flavour.
I really like How to Cook Everything. Yes, it's a cookbook, but it's the only one I tend to grab.

Alternative, subscribing to America's Test Kitchen is something I find worthwhile.
I have a question about the wine. What is the shelf like of this? I often see a teaspoon of this here and there, but figure I would use it so infrequently that I usually substitute dry sherry. But I think the flavor would be different with the wine - I just would hope that it would last long enough to leave on the shelf for months (or in refrigerator).
Goodwin's law usually isn't satisfied by an article's title.
He hires the best people. And they leave or are fired. And then he hires more of the best people. (OK, remove best from the preceding and it's actually not totally wrong).
I find the lack of Trump Tweets about Stormy Daniels interesting. This actually makes me think that there's more planning behind his tweets than it sometimes seems. He clearly understands that if he responds to her it helps her void the NDA, but it must be destroying him to stay quiet.
Or at least put in two locations for location based charging. There are only two places that I charge regularly, both support 12A, but I can only program 1...
I charge at work, and try to remember to check using the onstar app after a couple hours to make sure everything is good. Just this morning I found that it had stopped charging, some of the outlets at work are wonky. More often I realize I forgot to bump the limit to 12A and the charging won't be done before I leave. Either way, it's a 5 min walk to my car.
In fairness, she says it was a joke.
Michael Wolff wrote about how Bannon and Trump showed up in the White House without a clue on how to do anything procedurally. As this article points out, for him to influence things he'd have to get involved. He'd need to either present his own draft or get involved in negotiations. He's not capable of either of those, so he will continue to be nothing more than a figurehead.
I started out doing about 50% Justin Guitar, 50% RS a couple months ago. Recently I've been more like 100% on Just Guitar. My issue with RS was I'd be cruising along in a song, and then they next level up was way beyond me. So, I'm working my way through the Justin Guitar beginner course, even though I knew most of my open chords already. I'm finding learning the songs is really helping me get my chord transitions down better. I'll come back to RS when I finish the beginner course, which should be about another month.
The NDP is the only one of the 3 major parties that wouldn't have gotten involved in privatizing Hydro. This alone makes them more fiscally responsible than the other two.
Sure, I've said this before though: I expect that of the PC's. There were so many voices from Liberals telling Wynne not to do this, and she wouldn't even respond to them. I'm angrier about Wynne doing this than I would be about the PC's, since at selling off Hydro aligns with their Weltanschauung. For Wynne it was mortgaging the provinces future to avoid fiscal reality.
I don't think Sex-ed even registers with most people. Hydro privatization is a big one. 

Personally I'm still angry about ORPP. It was a horrible idea, and the only reason it didn't happen was Harper getting defeated. Wynne had created a real problem for a lot of people, and spent millions doing this.

I also bristle every time I hear them using taxpayer money on ads for the government, many of which would not have been allowed - except she removed the oversight for this spending.

https://www.ctvnews.ca/politics/ontario-spending-millions-on-government-ads-that-are-partisan-auditor-1.3183679
There are too many stories right now about Republicans suing to try to stop the will of the people being represented in government. This needs to be an issue raised repeatedly going forward.
Dunno, mine punishes me when I don't play it by playing badly. I'm sure that's what happens.
>Facing these issues and a budding trade war with China, the president spent the early morning tweeting about how he would beat Biden in a fight.

My money's on Biden, but really, this wasn't what Biden was saying. He was just calling out what an asshole POTUS is in typical Joe fashion.
And convince yourself that the green dress doesn't make her look fat.
I can see why he'd be furious that the public is given information into how incompetent the POTUS is. 
Yawn. Kelly has proven he's all bluster, no follow through.
Much like what's happened in the US, but on a smaller and somewhat less dramatic scale.
This worked too, but had a lot of lag. ASIO worked with almost no lag.
I haven't. There are a couple of issues (Hydro One, ORPP) that will prevent me from supporting the libs until they have a change of leadership. People like to point out that the PC started the Hydro privatization, as if that makes it ok that the liberals did it. People like to point out that ORPP didn't happen, but they wasted millions AND it would have been a clusterfuck if Trudeau hadn't won.
>  ASIO4ALL

This was the key. Thanks!
I despise Wynne, but she's going to embarrass him in a debate. Suspect Ford will limit it to one, so he can try to duck everything, like he did with Robin on CBC.
I'm ok with him winning if it's a minority, so they can neuter him, let the Liberals replace their leader, and then call a new election in a couple years after people realize what a doofus he is.
In fairness, Michelle would have moved out of the whitehouse immediately, with his balls in her suitcase. Or perhaps kicked him out of the white house.
It's honestly too late now. I was ambivalent, EXCEPT like most things I think that if a politician believes enough in a major spending initiative, he should be willing to raise taxes to pay for it and to explain to taxpayers why they should be willing to pay for it- and take  the risk that comes with that. If she doesn't believe enough to fund it, then don't do it.
I agree, it would be challenging. You can't compare the two, they have different funding & requirements. But I believe in the long run it would save money.

The Liberals and NDP refuse to even discuss it, they are good with public funding for Catholic education. At one point the PCs said they wanted to fund all religions, which I disagree with, but is at least logically consistent. The Greens have a logically consistent position - and probably my vote.
He was hired by the Liberals to determine how to deal with budget issues. He gave some concrete proposals that were ignored, like "if you want to improve the deficit situation, don't have huge new unfunded initiatives". There were something like 280 concrete proposals. So if they ignored him, that's on them.

And yes, it involved austerity. Going from deficit to not-deficit kinda requires not having spending increase at a faster rate than revenue growth.
We used petfinder, and did a transport to a location where we could pick up.
That and the need for people to incessantly push their political agenda at any opportunity, regardless of how inappropriate.  
Wow.
Good friend of mine had this happen 3 times. There was no explanation, but after the 3rd his wife said she couldn't go through it again, and they decided to adopt.
How old was the baby? This sounds horrible, I'm tearing up typing this.
Maybe. Alternatively it may have the effect of making people think he's a reasonable choice, when he's really a blubbering idiot.

Having said that, he likes talking a lot, and every time he speaks it gives people a chance to "hear" him.
Yep. The Liberals were given a 1% chance to win federally based on polling models when the election was called. And the people publishing those models said that they were rounding up.
Mine too. I think the Greens get a bit of a per vote subsidy provincially too (they used to, haven't checked for a while), so as long as my riding is not competitive I'm voting Green.
Calling BS on this one. Justin bailed out Wynne. ORPP was en-route to being a disaster, and if Harper had remained PM Wynne had a real problem.

Wynne had created a problem, and tried to come up with a Provincial solution when it's an issue that simply doesn't work well provincially. She spent a bunch of $$$ advertising it. She would have followed through, like with Hydro-One, even when it became clear that it was a horrible idea, since to back down was worse than admit a mistake.

So yeah, I still hold this against her. It reeks of incompetence. 
> and then they decided to spend more money to advertise to everyone that they're getting the discount now if everyone's getting the discount regardless of your advertisement 

And IIRC they eliminated the oversight of their advertising. I heard an interview with the woman who had been tasked with this, who said their advertising would have violated previous rules.
But don't rule out the Greens simply because you don't know anything about them. They do support a single public school board, which is something no other party has the guts to do.
This seems fair. The judges decided the election should represent the will of the people, and that kind of thing needs to be stamped out before it spreads.
I remember being outraged that Clinton was forced to testify, it seemed reasonable to wait until he was out of office based on the circumstances. I'd still feel the same way if the Republicans hadn't impeached Bill for lying, while now seeming to believe that it's impossible to lie cuz alternative facts.
Worried is the wrong word. Certain seems more accurate.
So often the case. 
Perfect.
A lot. A couple things resonated with me. 

One was that full day Kindergarten would blow a hole in the Provincial and School budgets, and should not be implemented at the time. It did, see deficit and school strikes. 

The other was increasing class sizes.

These were the opposite of what McGuinty had promised - although he also promised no taxes and balanced budgets. 
Hydro One Sale.

ORPP.

Used taxpayer dollars to advertise her government, after eliminating the oversight that would have prevented this.

Deficits, deficits, and more deficits.
> The most important thing you can do as an uninformed voter is to not base your decision on comments you read on reddit.

Unless they are from me. Then they are gold.
As long as people think that way, the NDP can't make any inroads.

FWIW, I can't vote for the Liberals. I can't vote for the PCs. That leaves NDP or Green. I can't reward a party as irresponsible as the Liberals. Period.
The problem was it pointed out that McGuinty was implementing a new expensive program, full day Kindergarten, without a way to pay for it. The Drummond report recommended cancelling this, and there was no way that was going to fly. I believe they also recommended a single school board, which makes incredible sense.

McGuinty was never going to listen to either of those recommendations.
Even if they were to impeach, the Senate would not convict.
FWIW, I live in a PC leaning riding, and have always voted Green provincially. This trend is likely to continue. The Greens are the ones pushing for a unified public school board, that's enough to get my vote.
Which leaves the NDP or Greens.
It was a brief moment where I thought I'd be willing to vote PC. Then they moved in a direction that makes sure I won't vote for them.
Tough to say. I follow politics and the news closely, so know a lot about him. This may not be the right forum to get a good view of what typical voters know.
In fairness, she won their selection under any reasonable criteria (most votes, most ridings). The PC's just managed to come up with a ridiculous process, and now they (and maybe we) are stuck with Ford.
Nice fantasy. I hope you're right, but doubt it. 
Hence the attempts to weaken the FBI.
Gonna try that tonight. Guitar Rig looks great. The problem I have is under audio, I can select the Rocksmith cable as input, but then no options are available as output- but it definitely records. If I remove the cable as input, I can select speakers as output and hear what I played. I just can't do both at the same time.

> Budget balanced

As long as she keeps finding public assets to sell off. 
I totally realize that. In a sense that makes it worse. There were plenty of bright people who align themselves with the Liberals explaining what an awful plan this was in the long term, and Wynne completely ignored them.
Totally fair point. I'd give the Liberals a lot more benefit of the doubt if they hadn't gone down the Hydro sale route to try to fake a balanced budget.

At some point when the party that's been in power has done enough to piss people off (and the Liberals have this in spades), they have a choice of changing leaders or getting ousted. I'm still hoping for a PC minority, giving the Liberals a chance to change leaders while neutering Ford.
I kinda figure my vote this time is between the NDP and Greens. I'm happy to see the NDP bring this up. I get great dental coverage at work, but I'm willing to see taxes raised to make sure everyone has coverage. Please NDP, have the courage to fund this.
Well he seems to be pretty good at twitter.
>"A normal administration wouldn’t do this," Michael J. Green, the senior Asia director at the National Security Council for the Bush administration told the Post. "The North Koreans have wanted an American president to meet the Kim family since the end of the Cold War to demonstrate to the world their nuclear program got the American president to treat them as an equal. 
>Senior executives at Cambridge Analytica, the data firm backed by billionaire Trump donor Robert Mercer and closely tied to many in Trump’s orbit, have been captured on film saying they use entrapment and former intelligence officials on behalf of their political clients.

He really does hire the best people.
Oh the horror, they're stuck with an electoral map that might accurately represent the will of the voters. This is clearly a travesty for democracy.
I think it's safe to say that Hope Hicks did not have the experience to justify her position, and was hired based on "other assets".

However, the culture of name calling isn't appropriate. If Kelly believed Hicks wasn't competent, he should have forced her removal.
Clearly he was nervous about an impending lightning strike.
Yep, guess that's likely right, I just thought it would be clearer.
Thanks, and am I correct that it's the one for "other correspondence?"
The description I've seen of the system, with each riding getting the same # of point regardless of how many PC voters they have seems ridiculous. It really opens the system to sabotage by the opposition, or statistical quirks.

BUT if this is the system they chose, then I think they're stuck with it. I'm mortified that Ford won, but much like a certain election down south, it never should have been close enough for this to matter.
So she won the majority of ridings, and the majority of votes, but they came up with a system in which she lost?  Do they understand that this isn't how you win an election? That winning the most ridings actually IS kinda important?
Well they can't even offer up a date with Hope Hicks anymore, gotta offer cabinet posts.
But POTUS gotta tweet.
In fairness, he spent longer than that on cable news in one night this week. Of course the Grand Jury probably won't let him drink while testifying. 
You forgot that NK wanted to come to the table with the US for years. The US insisted that talks be multilateral.
Two things. 

NK has wanted unilateral talks for ages, but the US has ruled these out partially for this reason, and partially because it's a global problem. Of course, since Trump alone can fix everything, this does seem to align with his world view.

Second, the right went apeshit about Obama saying he'd be willing to speak to our enemies.
Yeah, but reality is Trump probably will rule him out (again) because of the Mustache. 
So the sad thing is moderate dems are better, but I find it really depressing that DACA seems to have completely falling off their priority list. 
We're living through the beginnings of Idiocracy. Trump is a symptom of the ignorance of American voters. Most countries have high regard for their best educated. In America the voters have been told that experts should be ignored - "real" Americans know better.
Thank you for this.
Ya gotta figure Stormy wants the NDA removed so she can say "Yep, I peed on him too".
I would hope that if you'd told them your current salary they'd have offered the same $30k more that what you told them, IF that was what they thought was appropriate / what others made.

I worked in a company once where several people were hired at salaries differing by up to 50%, for comparable level positions. The reason was how hard they negotiated. Guess what? People found out and it caused a shit storm much worse than just having set out the expectations at the start. If the highest wasn't willing to come without an unreasonable salary, then hiring him would have been a mistake. Lowballing the person who really wanted to work with us was also a mistake.
I'm tired of these projections, either way. It's just too early.

Yes the Senate is a reach, and we've known this since 2016. We don't need 8 months of stories like this.
>As legal battles over the Muslim ban make their way up to the Supreme Court, reports from U.S. embassies are casting doubt on a central legal defense to the ban’s constitutionality: individualized waivers. There were 8,406 visa applications from countries subject to the ban as of Feb. 15. Only two applicants were granted waivers. That’s a success rate of 0.02 percent. 
Yo, Paul. We know you're a spineless dipshit. But at least pick the low hanging fruit. 
Perhaps somebody noticed that the US has a trade surplus with Canada in Steel.
It certainly makes him hooking up with Russian prostitutes sound likely, so pee pee or no pee pee, assume Vlad has video.
Obama + Stormy Daniels would have been the only story on Fox. Well, for a day or so, and then Michelle leaving Barack might have taken over. 
The title is click-baity. The content laying out all of the ways that he wouldn't be granted clearance, and making the point that the reason we allow this is that the voters are expected to vet the candidates is well reasoned though.
Their argument that even if military action was the appropriate policy, it isn't with Trump in office because he's incompetent is really depressing.
>Those revelations would halt any normal security or ethics clearance in its tracks. They suggest that the payment may in fact have been a loan from Trump's attorney, and that Trump is the real beneficiary of the agreement and an associated LLC. Federal law requires Trump to report his liabilities and assets — yet no Stormy-related information appeared on his signed financial disclosure filings.

It really is too bad that nothing matters anymore. They'd have impeached Obama in a heartbeat over this.
So when he does hire the best people they quit. OK, when he hires the worst people they quit too. What a guy.
Too bad nothing matters.
It does make me think of Charlie Brown and a football. 
Honestly, Trump is just a symptom. Sadly, DeVos is trying to make sure we can't treat the disease.
The downside of Reddit. It's criticizing the team opposing Trump, therefore must be downvoted. 
OK. The complete incompetent chaos preschooler president makes you look slightly less awful.

Bear in mind, Obama made you look like an idiot as he systematically cleaned up the mess you made, while your party attempted to thwart him at every turn.
>These cases suggest a general trend that whomsoever the Putin regime would like to see dead, no matter what country they are living in, obligingly dies. Buzzfeed has compiled 14 examples, some of which may be suicides or accidents.
I'm not sure I really appreciated what going full retard meant before watching these interviews today.
Well, it's pretty tricky that they have two of them.
Yep. Blamed her for the 30% approval rating too.
Well, the SHS comments he could get away with. But the constant "I'm not going to Jail!" and "Do they really expect me to spend 80 hours going through my email" etc he's gonna regret.
Dude's gonna have a whopper of a hangover tomorrow.
Lawyers must hate it when Presidents won't reimburse them after paying off porn stars to hide affairs.
The funny thing is Nunberg made sense on some things. How indeed did anyone let Trump fire Comey, do the Holt interview, and then invite the Russians into the Oval office for a victory lap?
FFS. He's lost it. This truly epitomizes the term train wreck. 
How dare they put a mentally ill man in charge of the House intelligence committee.
It sure seemed like he figured he needed to be on a camera full time today to avoid getting suicided.
Nice: Easy to understand. Why do the Republicans not want to let voters have elections?
D) All of the Above.
Would you like some Freedom Fries?
Trump: That show's I'm smart. Able to save money.
I'd be ok with them removing their ability to ban people for saying things like "Hillary might not be the anti-Christ, and even if she is I doubt she's truly going to impose Sharia law."
>Trump held a televised White House meeting with governors last Monday. He made 23 false claims over the course of one hour. About gun violence. About motorcycle imports from India. About car exports to Japan. About his tariffs on washing machines. About the court system. About a bunch of other things. It was, all in all, a wide-ranging display of dishonesty.

As always The Star does us the dirty work of keeping count.
> Little Marco? That was mine! Lyin Ted? I did that!!!

propably.
Crazy, season 2 is usually a let down. POTUS will have to stop a school shooter unarmed to top this in season 3.
The thing is, none of the gun control measures being discussed would interfere with what you like doing. But I guess you know that.
>Those same elected officials, of course, such as Florida’s own Senator Marco Rubio, have been quick to point out defensively that there is no one legislative fix that could both respect the Constitution’s Second Amendment protections and also keep firearms out of the hands of the people who might use them to murder their fellow citizens. These elected officials are as correct as they are ridiculous: Countless others have already pointed out that on no other policy issue would Americans accept such excuses for inaction. There’s no single fail-safe legislative fix for terrorism, for example, that respects constitutional rights, yet an elected official would be laughed out of office for suggesting the kind of policy fatalism that infects the political debate on firearms. 
So the free trade, capitalism uber alles party is going to implement tariffs. This reminds me of when the balanced budget over all party passed a budget busting budget bill recently.

Interesting to see if Ryan does his usual stern disapproval thing while taking no action...
Yes. Boehner had an opportunity to make a deal with Obama to actually compromise on taxes and spending, and capitulated to his party. Why to we believe he'd have a spine now?
You are not. You know they had it coming.
It's honestly completely fucked up that Kushner HAS business interests with foreign countries at a point in time where he's trying to define US foreign policy. And the fact that he's supposedly the go-to guy on the middle east, while soliciting loans from middle eastern countries is beyond belief. 
Thanks for taking one for the team.
Yeah, W told his staff that he wasn't concerned about terrorism, and then 9/11 happened. He pulled back in Afghanistan, letting Bin Laden escape, in order to start a war in Iraq. And then through financial mismanagement we got the great recession.

Trump may be the worst yet, but he's not there yet. 
Thanks. I ordered a Bip, so will check when mine arrives.
Don't disagree with any of this. I've volunteered as a poll watcher in a swing state (2002, still bitter FWIW). But my point is that the Republicans' refusal to allow Obama to fill a SCOTUS vacancy should have had much more of an impact on the election than it did. One party was refusing to let the government function, and got away with it. We'll be living with this for decades, even if the Democrats take Congress in November.
Can we buy one of those Responsible Congresses on Amazon? Maybe return the one we have, since it's defective?
Yes. I currently work 10 hour days (5 of them) and it's not that big of a deal.
Not his style. He's getting too much $$$ from his use of Trump properties, and enjoying the free plane. Don't forget, for a rich guy he's a total cheapskate.
>The State Department, the Treasury Department, and the Defense Department did not know Trump would announce steel and aluminum tariffs on Thursday, NBC News reported on Friday afternoon. Trump’s decision appeared motivated by anger at bad publicity engulfing his administration
See, this is the problem. We don't know if they're selling policies, but we don't know they aren't. They're certainly in a position to do so, and by not divesting their businesses, the Trump family is making the US look like a banana republic.
I was pulling for a Conservative minority last time, hoping this would force the Liberals to clean house (ie turf Wynne), but keep the Conservatives from doing Conservative stuff. I'm kind of still there.
Not silent exactly. He attacked Alex Baldwin (sic) and announced major tariffs without detail.
They wrap themselves in the constitution and flag for convenience. They truly only care about themselves. 
I will go to my grave angry about this one. I still can't believe the Democrats were unable to capitalize of the Republicans refusing to allow a Democratic POTUS to fill a SCOTUS vacancy. 
There's our stable genius hard at work again.
Nobody on Reddit is surprised by this. So many of the comments on The Donald and the coordinated upvoting of stories from there were damn suspicious at the time.
I ask myself this regularly. What if Obama was on his 3rd wife, having had affairs during his first two marriages? Game over, not elected.

What if he continually lied? Out of office.

What if he ordered a military strike while in public, while having aides cell phones used for illumination? Impeachment.

Anyways, the pussy grab tape would have ended his campaign in a heartbeat.
Well shit, Joe went full retard.
Didn't they want to lock up Hillary for less? Never mind, I know they don't actually care about anything except money for donors and trashing Democrats.
Don needs something to occupy his time. Too bad there's no work for him to do.
I kind-of agree, but it's a bit amusing to see Dobby treated this way.
This is a rare instance where I agree with Trump. Sessions is an embarrassment. Just not for the reasons Trump thinks. 
Obama took our economy to Kenya and broke it.
The 80s is discussed in the article, but it was in very different economic times. 
The point of this is that what the US has just done is unprecedented, and hence there's no way to fully evaluate its impact. But early data looks grim and aligns with the criticism.
This time it has the added benefit of coming from the party that has spend 8 years screaming about the deficit & debt (after spending the preceding 8 years running up the deficit & debt).
Hence the continuing Trump anti-FISA tweet storm. He wants to know what they've been listening to.
Only way Paul stays out of jail is if he can offer up Trump. He could likely reduce his sentence if he offers up Jarvanka.
A) Trump thinks of her as his wife. B) No evidence Jared's getting any action. It's likely a joining of families, a-la Game of Thrones.
He's paying attention. No question he knows more than Reddit. It would be great to know what Mueller really knows, hopefully there will be a big beautiful indictment or two at the end.
Heavily leveraged relative with no experience is appointed by incompetent President to solve world problems. Why would anyone have expected a different outcome? I'm just pleased that the bureaucracy didn't simply appease Trump.
There was a typo in the task. It was clearly getting a piece, not getting peace.
Last I heard he was tasked with getting a piece of the Middle East. Will this change?
Just once I'd like to see one of the Right Wing zealots admit it when they're caught lying.
Last I heard he was tasked with getting a piece of the Middle East. Will this change?
Last I heard he was tasked with getting a piece of the Middle East. Will this change?
Will you claim executive privilege when subpoenaed? Clearance for you!
Can the treadmill running distance be calibrated? My garmin couldn't and was off by about 25%. Not a big deal if it can't, I was surprised that a $250 Garmin couldn't but I'm not sure if I'd expect this to do it (but it would be nice).
>The Senate Judiciary Committee on Tuesday issued a bipartisan request to White House Counsel Don McGahn and FBI Director Chris Wray for more information on how the Trump administration is handling the process for requesting security clearances. The letter from Chairman Chuck Grassley (R-IA) and Sen. Richard Blumenthal (D-CT) comes after reports that some 100 White House staffers, including Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner, were working on interim clearances as of November 2017.
Crap, I thought you were serious, so well done. It **sounded** like what some of his critics say.
Like you I watched some of his videos to make up my own mind. He makes a lot of sense on a lot of issues. People might disagree with this, but they should respond to him without getting hysterical.

I think the problem is BECAUSE he makes so much sense and is making arguments that are contrary to current PC views, people get really riled up.
Is there any way to calibrate the distance when you run on the treadmill? When I used a Garmin it was off by about 25% distance,  thinking I'd run 5k when I was at around 4k. I was surprised there was no way to adjust its estimate.
I bet you didn't know that HH was hired based on her deep experience with government processes.
This is what Freedom^TM looks like.
No, but she can read and interact with humans.
Kelly understands that Ivanka is needed due to Trump's incompetence.
Amazingly, the worst thing they did, which resulted in over a dozen Congressional investigations, was incorrectly assign the blame for the Benghazzi attack immediately after the attack. Think about how that compares to the continuous lies and smears today.
>In sum: Trump has effectively replaced Obamacare with a federal health-care program that’s nearly identical — except that it covers fewer people, charges higher premiums, and costs the government more money.

But his supporters are happy because it makes liberals sad. Of course, they'll just use these results as proof Obamacare didn't work, and claim that it saved money.
Is this like the Republicans in Congress who occasionally make disapproving comments about Trump?
>Delta also asked the NRA to remove its airline information from its site. But Georgia Lieutenant Governor Casey Cagle and his fellow NRA-thirsty cronies lawmakers will not stand for such injustice. On Monday, Cagle, who just so happens to be plotting a run for the state’s governorship, announced that he and his fellow conservatives were fighting back. “I will kill any tax legislation that benefits Delta unless the company changes its position and fully reinstates its relationship with the NRA,” Cagle tweeted.
The opposition needs to be careful not to just make things up. One of the worst things about Trumpists is their willingness to lie, responding by lying only gives them cover.
In my case it isn't. But in Ivanka's case, getting asked to defend daddy has to suck. 
Well, if he wanted to answer the phone it'd be ok. But access to classified info, obviously not. 
There were several in my area, so I could actually discuss with them. I'll definitely be careful with this, I'd be super annoyed if I filled up my trunk with a spare & it didn't fit when I needed it. 

I do have a good local shop I deal with too for tires, I'll see if they can get something.
slash extra-husband.
> car-part.com

Interesting. I put in 2017 Chevy Volt and got a bunch of compact spares from 2011/12 Cruz's in my area. Worth seeing if any would fit.
Makes sense. I used to drive a Corolla and the scissor jack was fine. I make the mistake of thinking the Volt would weigh a similar amount - it's probably closer to my old SUV than a Corolla.
Unlike many of his lies, it's hard to prove this one. But we all know...
Wedge issue, and accusing liberals of being weak. That and buckets of gun money.
So hard to say what if anything he knows about anything. I still have no idea if he believes most of the lies he spews. Is he delusional or pathological?

It will not surprise me at all if there's a lot of suspicion, but no proof that he was ever briefed about the collusion that clearly existed.
I agree. Otherwise, you're at the same level he is.
The man with the least credibility in the United States suggests he'd have acted bravely. You decide what to believe...
I did read somewhere that you can get a jack that fits next to the pump. I guess I should at least be carrying one of my existing tires when possible, occasionally I do think that I'm asking for trouble having no spare.
This would be great, and he might vote differently. Recall he had very different political leanings when he was in Mass, hard to say what he really stands for.
So you're carrying a full size spare? I do have snows on, so I guess I could just carry one of my summer tires (and a jack) but it would be pretty full in back.
I don't really think of the Trumps as a family as much as business partners, who rely on family as an excuse on occasion.
What did you get for the spare? Did you buy it from your dealer?
In this instance, he is not your father, he's your boss. If you can't separate the two, you have no right to be working for the government.
This was my thought reading her response. Sure, it's a shitty question to be asked about your father, but in this instance he's your boss.
It was a gutsy move, I'm really glad someone went there & said what so many of them know in their hearts.
That came to my mind as well.
Well, those people have more experience in those areas than Jared and Ivanka do in government.
Could we get someone qualified to weigh in?
The thing is, if Trump's relatives weren't there, nobody would be actually even paying attention to policy. That's a really sad statement, and doesn't justify keeping them, but it underscores how royally Trump voters fucked the country.
80% Electric. Daily commute is around 35km round trip. My average is 1.8l/100km, I've only owned it for 4 months though, in a cold climate.
I got mine in Oct, ordered in Aug. My dealer had no 2017's left but another did, so they matched the price of a 17, plus the 17 had a $500 discount at the time on the chevy web page. So it was $500 plus whatever the difference is between a 17&an 18 off MSRP. Oh, then after a delay getting the one I was promised, I wound up with a color that was around $500 more than I ordered at the same price. I liked this color more, but would never have paid that much extra for it. Plus I got the $500 back for the GM credit card. So something like $1800 off MSRP for an 18.

I think stock levels are ok now depending on where you are, so you should be able to get a discount.
>On the other hand, Kushner is the exact sort of White House hire that the background check process is intended to thwart. Kushner has been forced to revise his disclosure form regarding foreign contacts three separate times — on each occasion because he had failed to “remember” certain conversations he’d had with foreign entities.  His family is massively indebted due to a poor investment decision that he made; must secure hundreds of millions of dollars in new capital by early 2019 to avoid a financial calamity; and has spent much of the past year seeking such a windfall investment from entities tied to foreign governments.
I'm about halfway through Fire & Fury right now. It's a great read.
>But the biggest problem is that Obama tried to do something about Russian meddling but was blocked by Mitch McConnell. Last year, The Washington Post reported that McConnell “voiced skepticism” when presented with intelligence by the FBI suggesting that Russia was trying to undermine Hillary Clinton’s 2016 campaign. Because of McConnell’s intransigence, the Obama administration decided not to go public with the information.

Of course, facts don't matter to Trump or his supporters. Hillary/Obama bad and weak is the persistent narrative.
Somehow I have a fear that Republicans will find a way to reverse this. Having the will of the people represented in Congress doesn't seem to be the way they roll.
Well played Chris. Kid Rock, Ted Nugent, & Chuck Norris are patriots (in Fox World) since they support Trump, hence their views are valid.

And somehow the irony of this is lost on the Fox watchers.
He'll probably hold another soon, inviting only Fox, Breitbart, Alex Jones, & the Enquirer.
> Finally, in 1994, Congress passed a federal assault weapons ban that was set to last for 10 years. The law effectively made it illegal to manufacture a wide variety of assault weapons for civilians. Though one could still own and resell existing guns, people weren’t supposed to be able to buy most new AR-15s—it didn’t matter if you were 18, 21, or 45. A decade later, however, the Republican-controlled Congress let the ban expire.
She is in a business relationship, not a marriage. So no, she won't.
Early in the Trump administration I made the comment to a friend that I'm not convinced Trump is being blackmailed, or that he colluded with Russia. BUT if he did collude with Russia or was being blackmailed, he would be behaving in exactly the way that he seems to be.
It's amazing to me to think that apart from the affairs, we have a POTUS who is beholden to people who were paying money to help with concealing the affairs, and the Republican party doesn't give a shit.
>White House staff secretary and alleged domestic abuser Rob Porter was not the only White House official to handle classified secrets for months on end without permanent security clearance. NBC News reported on Wednesday that as of November, 130 political appointees working on President Donald Trump’s staff had not yet been permanently cleared—among them White House counsel Don McGahn.
Nunes will get right on that.
Plus we're busy cutting social programs. Heavily armed population, and cutting social programs is an interesting experiment.
Arm the preschoolers. What could go wrong?
I thought swamp draining would look different.
Interesting. I've been using low fan/high temp which has helped a lot. It seems to run the engine for 5 min at start and then be done with it. I wonder if shifting to N when stopped would restart the 5 min clock. The engine running at stop lights has really bugged me though, so this sounds useful.
>The authors, to their great credit, reject any false equivalences and place the deterioration of our political system exactly where it belongs, in the “radicalization” of the Republican Party. They call out the Trump presidency for the rough new beast it is, note how neatly the Trump campaign managed to avoid putting forward any actual policies to help those Americans the president most appealed to, and expertly trace how it is that Republicans for years have manipulated the basic structure of our democracy to ensure their continued minority rule, no matter how many elections they lose.
>That isn’t to say that Republicans has been inactive on gun-related issues. Since President Trump took office, he and other Republicans have launched several efforts to loosen gun control laws. 

So Trump and his party are doing worse than nothing.
It would be an outragegasm, wouldn't it.
Let's play the "imagine how Fox would react if this was Obama" game!
>Jared Kushner, a White House adviser and President Donald Trump’s son-in-law, has also reportedly been working on an interim security clearance for a year, along with several others.

Kushner is getting access to the most classified information because POTUS doesn't have the mental capacity. Yet he doesn't have clearance.
I hear you. I truly thought the trauma of the wrong person being made POTUS would convince enough people to try to do the right thing for the country. I understand no I completely overestimated how much Americans cared about America.
And I'll likely do it again! :)
Kushner gets the security briefings because Trump doesn't have the attention span &/or mental capacity to absorb them. Yet Kushner lacks clearance and nobody cares. 
>As my colleague Sarah Jones argued today, Republicans see deficit-spending as a win-win. They can spend big on issues they care about (like corporate tax breaks and the military), racking up big bills that they can later use as an argument to gut social spending programs, like food for the poor and health care. Deficit spending, in other words, is totally fine as long the nation is racking up debt for Republican priorities.
When W became President after losing the popular vote, and likely losing in the electoral college, I thought that after he left office there would be serious discussion about fixing how we select our POTUS. Instead we left things alone, and here we are...
> name brand guitars sell a lot easier on the used market

Yep. OTOH, for people who buy on the used market this makes other brands even better deals. 
>The White House has sent its budget recommendation to Congress, and it’s a spending agenda only a plutocrat could love. The proposal would slash funding for Medicare, Medicaid, food stamps, and other social programs, but nonetheless run up deficits by increasing funding for the military, the Mexican border wall, and President Donald Trump’s other priorities. While some have expressed amazement about Trump’s willingness to increase the national debt, this is an aspirational budget in line with the Republican Party’s reactionary agenda.

Trump had no domestic policies during the election, apart from building a wall, and absolutely no interest in creating policies. Nobody should be surprised by this. He's playing a character.
Mostly 1 but with 2nd, 3rd, 4th fingers. Occasionally 2, when needed.
> If you want something bad enough, you will find a way. If not, you'll find an excuse.

I'm quoting this.
Wow, this is amazingly powerful. Maybe someone can read it to Trump
Thanks. I screwed up and deleted the original post, but appreciate your help. 
>NBC News reported on Monday that Rachel Brand, the third-ranking official at the Department of Justice, decided to resign in part because she “feared she would be asked to oversee the Russia investigation.”



This is what I thought was happening before, but it seems to be automatically increasing by a lot, even if I haven't opened RR. I played a Dylan song once, it started at 0% Mastery (of course), was easy, and then incremented to 15% or so Mastery after I played it once. I did nothing except hit play again, and it was at 70%.
Wouldn't turning off dynamic difficulty stop it from the gradual increase when it's actually going well? What's strange about this is that it's so abrupt. Every time I click play a song (after the first time) it is jumping to 70ish%. I actually tried the Dylan song because it was short & I wanted to see what it would do. I'd have expected it to apply the settings from the window (like 15%) to the difficulty to start off.
It's the same with coding. For programmers it even has a name, the Ballmer peak:

https://xkcd.com/323/
What this really means is it would be a bigger problem to get rid of him than to keep him. With Kelly they can still pull the "going after a respected military mind" crap.
Exactly. In a similar vein, Republicans who have affairs can repent and it's ok, but Democrats are vile scum.
I suspect Flynn didn't service Trump in the way Hicks does.
Understandable, since I can't imagine how he'd replace the expert political advice he gets from Hope Hicks.
A bit of a long shot. But seeing Nunes defeated would be glorious. 
But for too many, a Republican shit-weasel is better than a competent Democrat. 
This is what's wrong with our political system, in a nutshell. Nunes is a lying partisan dirtbag, but people will still vote for him because he's a lying partisan dirtbag from their party.
And none of us are able to change the channel.
I'm in Canada, & a beginner. I was nervous about the same thing. I looked at some youtube videos on how to evaluate a guitar, and made sure there was an amp to test it first. I bought on Kijiji, which I guess is the Canadian gumtree.
I worry about these things. It seems obvious to me, but then voting against Trump was a no-brainer too. Too many people can easily be convinced that Democrats hate America, even when there's a Republican POTUS busy trashing the country.
Inexplicably, the sanctions debacle isn't even a blip on the radar of our political discourse. Yes, they do love a distraction, but I truly think this is intended to trash dems.
God forgives Republicans when they Sin. But since Democrats are the spawn of Satan there's nothing they can do.
Trump of course will say it's important for us to have a bigger parade.
The military parade has one purpose: Get the Democrats to oppose it, and use it to question their patriotism. Republicans will wrap themselves in the flag, call Democrats unpatriotic, and it will resonate in red states. This is 100% a PR stunt, intended to help the Republicans before the midterms.
This one will be harder. It could be as easy as "100% of Republican Congressmen and Senators joined the military parade. Democrats did not. Why won't they support the military?"
Republicans play in sound bites. It works. "Democrats hate America. The even opposed a beautiful military parade. Democrats were even out protesting it, because they hate our country and don't support our troops^TM ."
The military parade has one purpose: Get the Democrats to oppose it, and use it to question their patriotism. Republicans will wrap themselves in the flag, call Democrats unpatriotic, and it will resonate in red states. This is 100% a PR stunt, intended to help the Republicans before the midterms.
The military parade has one purpose: Get the Democrats to oppose it, and use it to question their patriotism. Republicans will wrap themselves in the flag, call Democrats unpatriotic, and it will resonate in red states. This is 100% a PR stunt, intended to help the Republicans before the midterms.
Beautiful Clean Coal jobs.
If used is an option in your area, you might try going that way. I originally bought a $99 special online, and regretted it. After giving up, 2 years later I bought something used, paying US$260 for a 2 year old guitar in perfect condition that would have run me around $600 new.
I don't believe it will happen. But he's POTUS, if he wants to talk to Mueller he can.
>In January, the Pennsylvania Supreme Court ordered the legislature to redraw the state’s congressional districts, invalidating the current map as an impermissible gerrymander under the state constitution. The Republican Party has responded swiftly and aggressively. GOP legislators filed a flagrantly partisan appeal with the U.S. Supreme Court that assailed the ruling as lawless “judicial activism.” (Justice Samuel Alito rejected it without comment.) State Senate president pro tempore Joseph Scarnati refused to comply with an order from the state supreme court. Republican leaders moved to vacate the decision because one justice in the majority had criticized gerrymandering during a campaign. And on Monday, GOP Rep. Cris Dush called for the impeachment of all five Democratic justices who voted to strike down the gerrymander. 
I was joking that they'd blame Obama, but didn't believe even Hannity would be that stupid.

Remind me to never overestimate Hannity's intelligence again.
"I like Devin's. It was shorter. And Fox said it proves the Investigation is bad and won't prove anything since there's nothing to prove and everyone know since there's no collusion they are making up some obstruction charges. Traitors."
>After weeks of rancorous division, Democrats and Republicans finally seemed on the verge of striking a large-scale budget deal that would satisfy some of the spending demands of both sides while punting on the hot-button immigration issues that had caused the division in the first place. That is, until the deal-maker-in-chief opened his mouth.
Suspect "at least" is an important phrase. 
Today's distracting comment of the day, intended to fill up the headlines with intentional controversy.
It's in one of the articles linked in this. I thought the same thing, partly just wondering if they were all states that voted for Trump.

Here's the list:

>At least five states — Arizona, Kansas, Utah, Maine and Wisconsin — are seeking waivers from the Trump administration to impose lifetime Medicaid coverage limits.
I'd say at least the Studio. In fact, based on the description I'd probably recommend the Studio.

Agile is ok, but not sure about shipping outside US. 
>Even as the Trump administration greenlights state-imposed work requirements for “able-bodied adults” receiving Medicaid benefits, five states are asking for the power to take a much bigger step toward treating Medicaid like “welfare”: imposing arbitrary lifetime time limits on benefits for politically disfavored categories of recipients.
It would be amusing if the FBI publicly stated that having released the Nunes memo it would be advisable to release the one that points out its mistakes.
White House says Trump will ~~rely on~~ **blame** FBI, intel advice ~~on~~ **for not** releasing Democratic memo **that would embarrass him**
Why would we expect people like Ryan to answer questions from the little people? It isn't like we're paying his salary or anything.
Would need to spend less on military as well. FWIW, it's a trade worth making, but good luck convincing bubba of that.
Correction: it harms him less to not release it than to release it. Not releasing it after unanimous approval from the House committee will look pretty bad.
He's creating a distraction, and giving the Trump base + Fox News something to use to claim the investigation is a partisan hit.
Wow, this is a great summary. The conclusion is quite true:

>Facts only matter if Americans are able to hear them, process them, and make their own judgments about what they mean. And as Fox News has ably demonstrated, when it comes to information that doesn't fit its preferred narrative, it will simply act as if that information doesn't exist.
Yes they should. I've been saying this since his midnight ride. It'll never happen though, cuz he's on their team.
Thanks for the motivation.
Lock him up
Out of curiosity, how long?
Honestly, if he hadn't tried to take so much credit it would be harder to pin the blame on him. But, being Trump he had to.
Wow, I guess Obama screwed it up.
Why won't the democrats work with me = why won't they rubber stamp Republican bills drafted in secret.
While possible, it's far less likely than hacking a voting machine. There's a privacy envelope, that I sign, that contains my voter ID & info. Inside that is a secrecy envelope that contains my ballot. If there was suspicion of fraud, they could check my signature. It wouldn't surprise me if they randomly audit a percentage of signatures. 

So in his tiny little mind, "checkmate".
I often think people saying our democracy is at risk are overstating things, but if this happened or was even seriously considered we'd be approaching pitchfork and torches in the streets time.
True, Nunes is a stooge. But I don't think Ryan will lose the support of his party, as long as Fox News keeps telling them he's an intellectual and defending our freedom^TM .
Agree. The problem is that things are done state by state, and in many states they actually don't want to encourage everyone to vote.
Revenge on who? The country?
Yet again, Nunes has proven he doesn't belong in government, let alone chairing a committee. Yet again, the Republicans will prove they don't give a flying fuck about what's good for the country.
FWIW, I had legit concerns when the referendum on mail in voting was held. In hindsight, I was wrong. The increase in turnout far more than offsets the concerns I had.
You can actually check. They have an online system that allows you to verify that your vote was received.
I get that. But there's an underlying problem that even with the current system there are problems even determining if the votes have been counted properly - and that's what this article is about. Cases where there are legitimate questions about the votes and the system in place actually stops legitimate attempts to determine the outcome.
Weird, I've never had problems with them.
I love how they draft legislation behind closed doors, then criticize democrats for not being involved.
At least Gowdy read the underlying details, but he does still seem to support anger at the process. So the only thing he's saying here is that the FISA application should have specifically said that the Clinton campaign was funding Steele. In his defense, he dislikes the FISA process, which I agree with. But given the process in place, they sure seem to be raising a big-ass ruckus about nothing.
Parliamentary with proportional representation OR ranked voting would go a long way. Parliamentary with first past the post can be pretty shitty too.

But yeah, the US does have a bad habit of being unwilling to adopt things that work much better in other countries.
Happy to see evidence that someone read more than the headline.
Of course, because that's their real end game. The tax cuts are intended to starve the government until cutting social programs becomes inevitable; note them pushing to increase military spending too. 
There's a lot that could be done. Paper ballots would be a starting point, the US really needs people running the elections whose primary goal is to have the votes of as many voters as possible counted.
He should go a step further and say that the memo is the work of an irresponsible little person who should not be allowed to continue to represent his part.
Alternative facts are strong with this one.  I do wonder if Ryan is going to step up at some point and make this stop, it is getting ridiculous. 
Because maybe Lucy won't pull the football away this time.

The thing that allows Nunes & Co to do this is the lack of consequences. Nunes should have been censured and removed from his position previously. He should be again now. But his party is playing make believe, and the press should simply be reporting on him and the Republicans as being liars and betraying the country.
There was no shortage of evidence prior to the election who Donald Trump was. People who voted for him betrayed the country.
Thanks for taking one for the team and looking. Can't bring myself to look @ Fox, but this is what I feared.
He understands that he won't be held accountable. Hence, it doesn't matter what he does. So he can do Trump's bidding, without fear of appropriate consequences. 
You just knew with Nunes involved there's be something glaringly wrong.
Obama ran on a platform of improving health coverage. He won. He invited Republicans to work with him. They refused. He continued. That is not partisanship.

Contrast. Trump ran on a platform of repealing and replacing Obamacare. Discussions were held in secret, with no Democrats invited to participate. The bill did not go through a normal committee process. In the end he complains because no Democrats supported the bill, but that seems fair based on how much input they were given.

See the difference?
He tried to work with them on health care reform. The fact that 10's of millions of Americans lack basic health insurance is a tragedy. I've been in a position of fearing losing my health coverage because it was tied to my job, and deeply understand this.

I don't like what they came up with, but accept that it's self consistent and reduced the ranks of people without health insurance.

So, while I wish the US could get to single payer, I acknowledge that Obama was trying to help people who needed help. And yes, people like me, with good jobs pay more for that.  
The sad thing is I truly believe Obama believed he could reach out to them and move beyond this. But you're right, since they are devoted to party primarily, it's not in their interest to work together.
This is the equivalent of the disapproving looks a few members give Trump. Put up or shut up Paul.
>On the face of it, of course, no one even faintly patriotic should object to investigating how a foreign power tried to manipulate American democracy, as our intelligence agencies have reported. And yet one party is quite obviously doing all it can to undermine such a project – even when it is led by a Republican of previously unimpeachable integrity, Robert Mueller. 
Cool, thanks.
Thanks. BTW, I can already pretty much play "campfire guitar" from many years ago when some friends taught me most of my open chords, so I'm not going to get too discouraged. I just feel like I'm missing something in terms of stepping into RS.
>If Hicks conspired with Donald Trump on these matters she should be punished to the fullest extent of the law. Conservatives incessantly preach the merits of "personal responsibility." It is long past time they applied such standards to themselves. Because Hope Hicks is a young white woman -- and one who by conventional white American standards is viewed as "attractive" -- she enjoys privileges and other unearned advantages that are denied to nonwhite women. Making excuses for her, and attempting to gin up sympathy and concern for her, all result from that fact.
My question is really how we stop it. They're inflaming passions in the US and convincing uninformed people that the democrats hate America, all the while undermining our country. Idiocracy isn't far away.
If POTUS ignores his advice, and releases the memo (as appears likely) this is a big mess. If the memo is a nothingburger and it's still being used to attack the FBI, the director may resign. My guess is he won't but we're in uncharted waters.
Personally, at this point I'd prefer for them to release it. I'd like them to release Schiff's response too.
Funny how deficits weren't mentioned at the SOTU with this being the drum the Repubs have beaten for the last 8 years,
They should be afraid. They look like clowns at the moment, and if their much hyped memo is debunked it will be on full display.
I've seen no evidence that Ryan gives a shit about anything except protecting his party. Oh, and tax cuts for the rich.
>In a rare public statement Wednesday, the FBI expressed “grave concerns about material omissions of fact” in the document, which reportedly alleges FBI officials abused the FISA process when seeking a warrant to surveil Trump campaign adviser Carter Page.
>The FBI issued a rare public statement on the memo through their website on Wednesday. "With regard to the House Intelligence Committee’s memorandum, the FBI was provided a limited opportunity to review this memo the day before the committee voted to release it," the statement read. "As expressed during our initial review, we have grave concerns about material omissions of fact that fundamentally impact the memo’s accuracy."
He's bipartisan in the same way that we're all winning. The only thing he was right about is that I'm tired of it.
the leakers are heroes
Clearly that was asking too much.
Inaccurate. False Narrative. That's what America elected, I guess the memo should reflect the current government.
As was predicted
The key part of this story is towards the end, where they point out that Colorado seems to have adapted fine.
Big step up for him.
Beautiful clean coal. It's like the Beautiful health care plan he promised. Or a Unicorn.
I can't imagine any way he could do this without perjuring himself. Seriously, do you believe he should need to tell the truth like normal people do?
Beautiful, clean coal. That phrase is going to haunt me for a while.
That's definitely the case. 
It's full and outside and I will feel less sad seeing it.
I made it! Yay. Now, going outside to see the moon.
Go Eagles.
Did he say "Young Americans who Shit their Blood"?
Gee Sum Ho tried to steal beautiful clean coal, I can see how that was a problem.
His meds are wearing off.
Breitbart says Obama did.
Detain terrorist wherever we find them. New rules of engagement. Plus we no longer tell our enemies our plans (except my buddy Vlad).
I bought special paper with large margins. 
Me too Komrade! It ees good speech!
He took credit for the employment report that came out in his first week. This surprises you?
Money for Military! Money for Wall! Money for Infrastructure! 

What happened to the party of fiscal responsibility? They've been bitching about the deficit for the last 8 years...
She has a date with CJ.
I hate stories that start with "God spoke to him". Reminds me of W.
Wow, he crashed the politifact web site fact checker.
It's not bad. Canada does it, although they take refugees too.
It would be if Mexico was paying.
Why is anyone NOT crying?
Marijuana. But it's likely not legal in your state.
Thousands and thousands of MS13 out of this country and into our prisons thanks to CJ. Thank you CJ, for letting me use you as a prop.
Cut the family slack. I hate this shit, but if I lost a kid I'd probably be a bit wacko.
I'd have clapped.
When they do it, it's unavoidable.
He'd love to help, but the NRA has supported him, so second amendment, blah blah blah.
I get it. It's funny that he said it.
Invest in job training! Too bad Obama never thought of that. He should have thought of infrastructure too.
When's he going to mention the beautiful balanced budget? Social Security? Medicare?
1.5 trillion dollars for infrastructure.  Here it is. Privatizing, ie selling off our public assets.
Good fair trade deals that stop other countries from stealing our wealth.
Last month the FDA approved more drugs and devices than ever before in our history. Fact check please?
Not just clean coal. BEAUTIFUL clean coal.
I feel like I have to.
War on energy gone. War on beautiful clean coal gone. Wow.
All Americans should have the freedom to not have healthcare.
My god this is killing me. I thought I could watch. I thought I should watch. But it's an embarrassment.

America good. Obamacare bad. We love god. We love guns.
Didn't anyone tell her that Stormy now says she never knew Don in the biblical sense?
Not at anything. So little winning.
Here's how the Kimmel interview seems likely to go:

JK: Joining us tonight is Stormy Daniels. Ms Daniels, tell us about your affair with Donald Trump.

SD: I never had an affair.

JK: OK! So we're going to commercial, when we come back we'll have someone willing to speak with us honestly!
Ees goink akordink to plan, Komrades!
Devin Nunes' next campaign slogan: "Party over country, whatever the cost."
I thought it would be different.
Also, when he asked to interview Trump, Mueller forgot to say "Simon Says", according to Trump's legal team.
Not Trump's style to pay people. More likely a threat.
I wonder if it was a payout or threat of legal action. If she did accept $$$ it probably had strings attached.
Sigh. I'm out.
This is the same guy who was talking about discretion recently?
If you listen to the press and what Trudeau says, it's clear that he's willing to give Trump cover. Yes, Canada filed a legal case against the US, and both signed onto TPP. But NAFTA is much more important to both Canada and Mexico. There will be small changes, and Trump will claim a win, and his supporters will lap it up.
Some would argue that getting away from the orange menace is a meaningful purpose too.
I'm available. Do I need to be a registered conservative?
Holy crap, this is surprising. Presumably there's a mainstream candidate lined up who he's going to support.
I'm sure he's been told that if he veers off script Hope Hicks won't come visit him tonight.
Where Jimmy Hoffa's body wound up. He vanished in 1975 and his body was never found.
>In three months, the first lady spent more on flying than Michelle Obama did in a year.
He's not going to fuck up Nafta. Mexico and Canada are playing along, and will sign some modest changes and Trump will declare it a major win.
Of course. When it goes up, it's Trump's doing. When it goes down it's because of Obama.
>But on Monday night on Chris Hayes' MSNBC show, Frank Figliuzzi, who was chief of counterintelligence at the FBI under Mueller, floated another intriguing theory. He thinks this flurry of activity might also be to give Trump a rationale not to be interviewed in the Mueller probe, which people around the president see as maximally dangerous, since Trump is an inveterate liar and may not be able to stop himself from committing perjury. Figliuzzi suggested that would mean Mueller would seek a grand jury subpoena of the president, which would not be unprecedented but would probably be challenged in court.

So the Republicans are releasing classified info and attacking the FBI to provide an excuse to Trump not to be interviewed. Seems par for the course.
BTW, the Atlantic's article "How to build an Autocracy" discussed ways that the Republican party could essentially become a ruling dictatorship without any bloody revolution. It's not hard to see things moving that way, as they work to discredit the investigation of their dear leader. November is incredibly important.
But they hate Jesus and want to take everyone's guns away.
Agree with the others, get an electric. Personally I'd look for something used. I picked up something used recently for $260 that would have cost me around $500 new. OTOH, if you do want an acoustic to use with Rocksmith, go Acoustic Electric. Musicians Friend's stupid deal of the day today is a Yamaha Acoustic Electric, you could do worse than that. They seem to have things like that on pretty often.
His supporters will love this. 
He already should have been censured and removed from his committee chairmanship. He'll never be held to account by his party, so hopefully he is by the voters.
Very nice. I like the flipping guitars story.
The memo is a farce. Devin Nunes is a clown. The situation is a disaster, however.  
Usually with a production company though, people get fired. Hopefully the same applies here.
Thing is, does anyone believe that Devin Fucking Nunes is smart enough to uncover a conspiracy? I mean really.
>Nunes and his allies aren’t in any respect behaving as you might expect from members of Congress who have uncovered serious intelligence abuses. They’ve resisted sharing their findings with their own colleagues on the Senate Intelligence Committee, nor did they hasten to send copies to the Trump appointees now heading the Justice Department and the FBI itself. Nor, for that matter, have they been demanding publication of the underlying applications upon which the memo is based—which, if they truly contain little more than invocations of the Steele dossier, could be published with only minor redactions to establish their case beyond reasonable dispute. In short, rather than taking any of the steps you might suppose a majority party would purse, either in terms of revisiting policy or seeking internal review by the executive branch agencies involved, House Republicans have focused on whipping up public demands for the release of their own accusations. 
I'm conflicted. I may watch, even though I know I'll be unhappy doing so. I sort of feel like I should form my own judgements of what happens.

Oddly, this is somewhat similar to how I feel about this year's superbowl.
You do realize that he's been president for a year, and pretty much anything that's happened economically in that time frame is due to his predecessor. What do you think he's done, and what is the impact on the economy?
I'm expecting him to take credit for Obama's economy. Much like the Republicans blamed Obama for W's.
>Democrat Beto O’Rourke significantly outraised the Republican incumbent last quarter, The Texas Tribune reported on Sunday. O’Rourke raised $2.4 million to Cruz’s $1.9 million, which doesn’t erase Cruz’s cash-on-hand advantage but does demonstrate growing support for O’Rourke’s challenge
Yeah, it does sound like this is typical. I'd imagine it's incredibly hard to collect in a situation like this is a place gets trashed. FWIW, I lived in Europe for a while and needed to put down extra deposits on EVERYTHING. To activate a phone required about a $500 deposit!
I know what you're talking about, and I think no. Tesla has an option for creep on/off, I don't see that coming.
Man, would he be in trouble if he was a Democrat.
In fairness, they're constantly high. And we complain about them a lot (sorry!). But we do get something for them besides a big-ass military.
Don't tell my wife. She'd be pissed at me.
Sure we do. But we pronounce them Due-Vette.
I knew someone who took a diplomatic posting to NY. He had a hard time renting an apartment, with many people saying they would not rent to him for exactly this reason. So, clearly this isn't all that unusual.
LOL, tell us what you really think!
I expect them to have a leadership convention ASAP, rather than enter the election with an interim leader - since that would give the liberals a great (and semi-valid) talking point. However, an ideal scenario would be to NOT do this and then decide in June what to do long-term. 
??? What conservative support ??? 
Oh please. That is not Wynne's style. I suspect the Liberals would have preferred for this news to break in May.
I heard an interview with him early this morning. He was acting like this was a done deal.
I think that's true for the Liberals, perhaps for NDP, but if Fedeli stops another liberal majority it will be seen as progress.
This is like saying "The Confederacy was in the right during the civil war, based on the Constitution."
That theory only applies to Republicans, and perhaps only to Trump. In the same situation today, they'd respond to Bill identically. 
Bill Clinton is a good example. He was testifying about Paula Jones, and they started asking him about Monica. He hadn't done anything wrong legally, but lied anyways.
Thing is I always expected parasites like Kellyanne, SHS, and Spicey to behave like this. I originally hoped at least that some of the Republicans in Congress would still act like patriots rather than jellyfish.
It likely says he's not going to testify.
They have a fair point on whether Boeing has sufficient grounds to bring the case. As I said, I can see the Boeing side on the subsidies, but again, we all know Boeing gets subsidies too. But the size of the duties seems entirely out of line.

You're correct though, the story we get here is different from the ones written in the US. Occasionally I'll look at the stories on softwood lumber in the Oregon newspapers, and it's an amazingly different perspective.
I agree. I'm sure there's some truth to Bombardier getting govt subsidies. And Boeing gets subsidies as well, they may just be in the form of overpriced government contracts. But these duties are clearly unreasonable.
Falwell Jr: "Hillary"
>“Trump did not share any ‘concerns [about] escalating violence,’” an anonymous official told Reuters. The discussion of Turkey’s military operations in Syria “was limited to an exchange of views,” the official said, using a common diplomatic phrase that roughly translates to “they couldn’t agree on a damn thing.”

Sad that in a situation like this, my natural assumption is to assume that POTUS is lying.
I can see that. Hudak ran such a bad campaign all I could think was there's no way this guy should be running the province. But actually he was somewhat articulate in opposition afterwards.
Nope. She was elected because Hudak.
Practice your lines. 

"That's insightful Ivanka." 

"Of course that's not racist Jefferson." 

"Glad you fixed the middle east Jared."
Can you do it without laughing? Can you produce a well worn MAGA hat?
It's not like you can expect a Stable Genius^[TM] to speak for himself.
Pre-requisite: Having voted for Trump.
It would be a mess. His buddy Jefferson would join him in saying Mueller overstepped his mandate. Unclear what Congress would do, but if Nunes is involved you know which way it's going.
>“Donald Trump promised the American public he would hire the ‘best people,’ but everywhere you look, he’s filled key jobs with under-qualified and inexperienced political loyalists,” said Austin Evers, executive director of American Oversight. “There are thousands of jobs at stake at the NAFTA negotiating table and you can be sure that Canada and Mexico aren’t sending their B-teams.”
They know where the bodies are buried. If the probe gets too close I still won't be surprised if Mueller gets fired due to "overreach". If he sticks to Russia I suspect Trump survives this, with his supporters saying "everyone does it".
I bought through Amazon to get the game + cable and had zero issues.
He hires the best people.
She was my first thought. Ideally she could step in as interim while remaining a candidate for leader.
That would be so devious. So I guess we should expect it.
Lisa Mcleod is my best guess right now.
Wynne must be having an amazing celebration tonight.
Yep. They could easily attract the Unions, which would make them into a real player. I can never figure out if they don't have anything to say of if the media just ignores them though.
I don't think the liberals are bad. I do thing Wynne is. I might have voted PC to try to see her removed. But now, that seems unlikely.

I won't be voting liberal, but the NDP or greens are viable options for my vote.
Yep. Like just south of here. Honestly he'd have to have run a solid campaign to have won. Now he's done.
Yeah, that's not really their style though, is it.
What a mess. He's going to need to step down. I have no idea who is going to step in though. Hudak?
He's done. So who will replace him? Hudak?
Or vote green. I've voted green in the last two elections.


They wanted him to step down. He didn't. If he's truly innocent, he's in a tough spot.
The best people.
This is the moment for the NDP to finally get some reasonable consideration in Ontario.
Bonding with it is definitely important. FWIW, I was planning to buy an Epiphone recently, but happened to find a 2 year old Dean Zelinsky guitar in new condition and immediately knew I had to have it. Until then I was playing an el-cheapo guitar from Rondo and THAT was a mistake.
Yes, a lot of people like them. Having said that, for the same price I'd be more inclined to get an Epiphone Les Paul Studio used. It seems like there's a lot of variability in set up of the Rondo guitars.
Worth it is subjective. I believe most if not all Gibsons have a solid maple cap, Epiphones have a veneer. I think quality of materials for the rest of the body /neck are different as well, as well as the pickups, switches, etc. And then there's labor cost. If you google it you can find a lot more info about this.
Ryan will likely not allow the vote, for fear of making grand leader look bad.
>According to aides, Schumer and Trump came close to an agreement over a lunch of cheeseburgers and seltzer on Friday. They talked on the phone again a few hours later. Shortly after that, however, Trump called again and explained to Schumer that he could not sign off on the proposal even though it addressed some of the president’s own legislative priorities, such as funding for a border wall and changes to the Visa lottery system. According to the source close to Schumer, Trump’s  chief of staff, John Kelly, stood next to him during the call as the president offered his objection to a deal he had seemed bullish on just hours earlier. It was evident that Kelly was there, the source said, because Trump would continually ask the “General” to recount what specific problems both he and congressional Republicans had with specific elements.
Indeed. Why isn't anyone discussing that?
It really does look like it was very much designed for the Ontario rebate. Ontario gives an extra $1K for the 5th seat, and considers this a seat even though it comes equipped with the testicle holder.

> Shengze

Interesting. It reminds me a lot of the Agile guitars. When you had the pickups off, was it solid mahogony with a veneer top?
Neutrality has limits.
Republicans are led astray and can repent. Democrats are spawn of Satan and must be cast out. What double standard?
Interesting. Curious what they'll do in response then.
His lawyers did try to stop the civil trial though. They tried to shut the whole thing down, or more precisely, defer it till he was out of office.
I know people are criticizing you for the C chord comment, and somewhat rightfully so. But if after 3 years you don't know your basic open chords, that's on the teacher too. I'd probably look for another teacher OR if you have enough motivation go online.
I have to say, imagining Trump being questioned by Mueller brings a smile to my face.
They made Clinton testify in the Paula Jones trial. He can be compelled to testify.
For longer commutes, a lot depends on whether you can charge at both home & work. I have a colleague with a longer commute 17 Volt who charges at home/work and loves it. Myself, I have a short commute, so only charge at work during the week, and at home on weeekends.
His supporters believe this is keeping terrorists out. Like those Norwegians.
I actually am talking about Paul Ryan and the Republican leadership.
You should post the before picture now!
Pence made it clear in the VEEP debate that he was willing to lie shamelessly. "He never said that" in response to things with multiple videos of Trump saying them.
Well, having a President who didn't believe in running his administration like a reality show sure did make a difference.
This is part of why having them stack the courts is so troublesome. They won't hesitate to fuck with elections to ensure they maintain power.
Remember the old days where there was maybe a story like this per week? I do.
Yes he is a despicable clown. But what of those who go along with him? What about his party who allows this?
They flat out admitted that during the W administration. Democrats are hampered by their adherence to facts. Republicans create their own reality.
You can't successfully mock KellyAnne. She is without shame, and exists solely to go on air and lie. I doubt you've ever seen her totally sober.
While eating that fabulous Mar-A-Lago chocolate cake and putting on a show for his resort's guests? Yeah, who could forget that great moment in leadership.
>Russia is ultimately responsible for chemical weapons use by the Syrian regime and should stop blocking United Nations resolutions seeking to investigate alleged violations of a 2013 accord to remove chemical weapons from Syria, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said. Russia, at a minimum, should abstain during Security Council votes, Tillerson said Tuesday in Paris at the end of a 24-nation meeting aimed at creating a “partnership” to punish chemical weapon use.

Yeah, Tillerson's definitely on the way out.
I cut them some slack. They've struggled for years with coming up with a business model to stay in business. Attempts to get more paid users have failed (and I'm guilty here) so they need some clickbait.

Not that I like it, but I understand.
The corporation like it this way. Plus a lot of the big states hate Jesus.
As long as they also recite an Ode to the Flying Spaghetti Monster.
If they had passed a long term spending deal I'd agree. They gave  McConnell a short window to work on DACA. IF they get a bipartisan bill through Congress, Trump will sign it. However, I expect the House will refuse to take it up, and then we can see how Scumer and Co respond.
Yes, the fact that POTUS says things like "The democrats want a steady flow of illegal immigrants and hate our troops. SAD!" makes me die a little bit inside every time.
Slate is definitely guilty of clickbait, and has gotten worse over the last couple years. They do still publish some quality work. Dahila Lithwick (sp?) writing on judicial policy tends to be worthwhile.
The Republicans were going to dig in their heels and refuse to discuss DACA until the government re-opened. Now the government is re-opened. They got CHIP funded and set the Republicans up to look REALLY bad if they stonewall. We'll see over the next few weeks, but I think this has the potential to play out well.
Slate has a variety of contributors. FWIW, I felt the same way yesterday, but the more I thought about it the more sense what Schumer did made
Why? He gave them 17 days. If the Republicans do something blatant like refusing to take up the Senate bill in the House it will be awfully easy to point fingers.
Well, I'm sure there aren't any publicly owned buildings in DC that they could use for something like this. So, it's awfully nice of Trump to rent the taxpayers a room for the event.
When Republicans sin, god has led them astray, and they can repent. When Democrats sin, they are spawn of Satan and should be cast out. So, yeah.
>Monday’s deal is a full victory on the first count. The CHIP program has been extended for six years. Nine million children—a very large share of whom, by the way, are brown or black—will keep access to health care. The moral importance of this accomplishment should be evident to everybody.

Agree, and:

> But that just doesn’t mean that we have seen “the Senate Democratic leadership sell the Dreamers out,” as Goldberg argues in the Times. After all, Democrats have only voted to extend funding for the government for another three weeks. Once that time is up, the fate of the Dreamers will not rest in McConnell’s hands any more now than it did a few days ago. For if the Senate majority leader goes back on his word, Democrats will enjoy exactly the same leverage they held until Monday: By withholding their votes, they will be able to shut the government down. And since McConnell’s betrayal will be so blatant, they will find it much easier to put blame for any resulting shutdown squarely on Republican shoulders.
Putin overestimated the intelligence of American voters.
>However much Trump’s defenders want to dismiss the dossier as a fake concocted by the president’s enemies, the fallout from it in Russia, including at least one highly probable murder, suggests that much of what Steele reported is fact.

It's 17 days. If the Senate takes it up and the House refuses, they'll have ample cause to move back into shutdown mode.
>Donald Trump’s voter fraud commission disbanded in disgrace earlier this month, but the fight to uncover what the panel actually did during its brief, secretive existence continues. On Monday, the Washington Post reported that the panel had purchased Texas election records that flagged all registered voters with Hispanic last names. Kris Kobach, who led the commission, claims he was unaware of that acquisition, which was made by a researcher who was recently arrested on child pornography charges.
Agree with the look used crowd. And take your time.
Why, because in the 2012 election Democrats got 27% of the seats despite winning the popular vote? 
Exactly. When the Democrats are trying to bargain, it's for things like children's health insurance, and protecting dreamers. When Republicans are trying to bargain, it's for taxcuts for the rich and removing people's health insurance. And yet, a shocking # of people continue to vote Republican.
Exactly. When the Democrats are trying to bargain, it's for things like children's health insurance, and protecting dreamers. When Republicans are trying to bargain, it's for taxcuts for the rich and removing people's health insurance. And yet, a shocking # of people continue to vote Republican.
At 100, you'll be on Trump's enemies list which would be cool. At $10000, you'll be on Putin's enemies list. You don't want to be on Putin's enemies list.
But don't forget, *Every Sperm is Sacred*.
>In September, President Trump ended DACA but claimed that he wanted to protect the DREAMers. Most Republicans have publicly maintained that they do not want to see these people deported. But at the same time, they have used the DREAMers as hostages, threatening to abandon them if Democrats don’t agree to a string of tougher immigration measures.

>The closer Congress gets to a March deadline to resolve the issue, the more valuable that bargaining chip becomes. If they hammer out an agreement to the DACA issue now, they will lose the leverage to extract more severe concessions from Democrats.
Me too.
They've made clear that they don't give a shit about his sex crimes. Those only matter for Democrats. Collusion will be ignored, maybe with a few outraged comments. I honestly don't think we'll ever see an impeachment vote, even though anyone else would already have seen one.
They may take down Kushner. They may take down the kids. But I doubt they'll be able to make a case against Don. I hope I'm wrong, BTW.
Rest assured, he'll claim a major victory when it's over.
But they know there are no consequences. 
I wish I disagreed with what this article says. But I think it's a fair assessment of where we are.
But but but they showed pictures! And he had a MAGA hat on! Isn't that what POTUS does?
So should the Democrats release an ad calling Republicans complicit for every gun death in the US? This would actually be more accurate than what the right wing ad is attributing to the dems.
Honestly, if we weren't putting up with it we wouldn't have this problem. But the Republicans who went apeshit that Hillary may have misattributed the cause of the Benghazi attack in a statement seem to feel they can lie with absolute impunity.
Not too stupid. She obviously knew the answer, it just didn't suit the narrative she was trying to create.
In a similar boat recently, I decided to go the used route. I was looking at an Epiphone Les Paul standard, but then found a good deal on a Zelinsky Strettavita in perfect condition. An advantage of buying used is you can definitely get more for your money if you're a bit patient, along with the ability to play it first.
I agree totally that messing around with the cheap guitar makes sense, especially to sort out truss rod adjustments. I'm not sure I'd have the guts to do much more than that on my other guitars though. 
>The document didn’t mince words. It claimed three-quarters of “international terrorism” convicts were immigrants, an assertion meant to bolster Donald Trump’s cherished Muslim-focused ban on entering the country. And the report put the claim in the mouths of an agency assembled to keep Americans safe after 9/11: the Department of Homeland Security (DHS).

>But the Department of Homeland Security did not perform that analysis. DHS’ analysts did not contribute to the highly controversial report.

We really need to have some consequences for lying. 
It does make me sad that we're talking about this like seasons of a TV show. He's treated it like reality TV since the start, now the media is discussing it that way. 
Of course he did. Because in the US now, there are no consequences for Republicans lying.
It's more than 3. And I agree completely. The NFL is broken. I haven't missed watching a superbowl in 20 years, but will likely skip this year.
I don't recall the last time I saw zero penalties called against an NFL defense. 
Nah, mine has gone off when I've unplugged it with the key in my pocket but have forgotten to unlock doors. It takes about 5 secs I'd guess.
I suspect they can get the votes if they decide to go this way. It's easier to oppose when you know it won't pass. I think (fear) they could get to 50.
That's a feature of their plans, not a bug. 
>Democrats such as Durbin, the minority whip, warned against changing the rules and said it would contradict the purpose of why the Senate was established the way it was. "Well, I can tell you that would be the end of the Senate as it was originally devised and created going back to our Founding Fathers," Durbin said Sunday on ABC'S "This Week."

Amazing how the great dealmaker thinks his only option is to change the rules.
K. Sounds good. Prove it.
Except they've already shown they can change the rules.
The party of family values (when it can be used to smear the opposition only)
True enough. Everyone needs to start calling bullshit on the negotiator claims. How does the art of the deal play into this?
>But the name-calling, while unbefitting a president and perhaps intimidating to journalists plying their trade, is hardly the worst of it. It pales next to his drumbeat of accusations that reporters are inventing facts to hurt him. “Fake news” went from being a label for Daily Show-style satire to a name for bogus stories crafted for political or financial gain to an epithet that Trump bestows to seed doubt among his loyalists. Trump applies the term equally to stories that contain innocent mistakes and those that are completely true. Whether he delusionally believes his own tirades or just cynically spouts them doesn’t matter. Trusted by a large, devoted following, he validates his supporters’ hatred of the mainstream media by insisting that their errors or criticisms—or even just dispatches of events that reflect badly on Trump—add up to not bias, not sloppiness, but fabrication and deceit.
I just don't see this approach working well for them.
Not my favorite, but it's definitely one of the better ones I have of her.
Netflix is going to come to your house and take you away. They don't WANT people to be able to search their content for some odd reason.
I don't understand the not guilty verdict for Miller. OTOH, I also don't understand why the crown didn't replace their expert witness.
I still don't understand why the Crown didn't replace their expert witness. I also don't understand how Miller is not guilty.
>A German business magazine is reporting that Deutsche Bank, the German financial giant which is a major lender to both President Donald Trump and his son-in-law Jared Kushner, identified “suspicious transactions” related to Kushner family accounts, and has reported them to German banking regulators. The bank is reportedly willing to provide the information to special prosecutor Robert Mueller’s team of investigators. 
Oh, please. This is not a disaster. Funding fights are mostly theatre. This is getting media to cover government, rather than Trump's affair, Trump paying bribes to a porn star, Trump's travel budget, obstruction of justice, Russia collusion...

In Trump world people talking about bad government is actually an improvement.
>The elegant simplicities of campaign rhetoric — or, in Trump’s case, the brutal simplicities — never align with the ugly and complex reality of governing. But Trump’s presidency has presented an especially jarring contrast, since the rhetoric has borne no relation whatsoever to what followed. It’s not that he overpromised but that his promises were fundamentally a con. He and his loyalists possessed not the faintest idea how to address the crises he identified, not even a theory that could lead to a detailed response.
Ah, that makes more sense. I need a friend like that!

Anyways, the Rondo-special really needs a fret levelling, so would be expensive to get fixed up - but the upside is I'm really happy with what I bought to replace it.
>"They're in charge," Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., said Friday as he entered his Capitol office. "They're not talking to us. They're totally paralyzed and inept. There's no one to negotiate with."

So much winning.
Can you really get a guitar set up for $50? Where I live it's north of $100. Still probably worthwhile, although I decided it was better to ditch my $99 Rondo special for something better rather than paying more than it cost me to get it set up.
Exactly. It's the old idea of being able to disagree on issues without acting like the other side are enemies of the state.
Idle threats. He's enjoying being the defacto POTUS.
I disagree with him on many issues. But he seems like the kind of person who can have a reasonable disagreement.
Of course they have. We shouldn't be surprised though. This may allow the Republicans to maintain a majority in the house despite almost certainly getting less votes.
>Robin Hayes, chairman of the North Carolina GOP, said that means they’ll be able to hold November’s elections under the current maps, which give Republicans a 10-3 advantage.


>Trump has visited Mar-a-Lago, his private club, 11 times since he was sworn in (costing taxpayers about $3 million each time). But this trip isn’t just about escaping the stresses of traveling between the White House and various other Trump properties. The president is celebrating the one-year anniversary of his inauguration with a $100,000-per-couple gala at Mar-a-Lago, the proceeds of which will go to the Trump reelection campaign and the Republican National Committee.

The great negotiator fleeing the scene of the negotiations to pocket taxpayer money, and collect donor money for his failed administration. At least he's consistent.
Because nothing matters anymore. Laws are for librulz.
We'll really have hit rock bottom when Trump does an imitation of the epileptic child being arrested.
I could see them using this as an excuse to change Senate rules.
If the House passes it, they can make this argument. My best guess is they put in something attractive to Dems, and they cave. History tells me the Dems will cave every time.
Last I heard they were a few short.
Spoiler: They fools > 50% or we wouldn't be here.
Show me a photo of Trump rage-tweeting while watching Fox News in bed with a big Mac. That is how I really think the WH operates.
It's interesting that the House can't pass a funding bill without trying to attract Dems. If it was just the Senate, he could maybe make a case.
>Nobody else has been subpoenaed out of the blue by the special counsel and nobody else has been instructed by the White House to claim such an expansive version of executive privilege before a congressional committee. It would seem that all the parties believe there is something unique about what Bannon has to offer.
>By our count, at least six media outlets were aware of the alleged affair between porn star Stormy Daniels and Donald Trump before the 2016 election.
 
And

>This, though, is an amazing thing to say: “I didn’t think an extramarital affair” — with a porn star, involving a presidential candidate — “would be a highly significant story.”
>House Republicans on Tuesday night announced that a six-year CHIP extension would be attached to a four-week spending bill. Their bill didn’t include protections for so-called DREAMers—the undocumented minors brought to the country illegally—making it difficult for Democrats to support it. But by adding CHIP, Republican lawmakers were essentially daring those on the other side of the aisle to vote against the measure and, in turn, be blamed for not wanting to save a bipartisan health care program for poor children.

Playing politics with peoples' lives. 
I'd like to see what would happen if he tried that with Mueller. The House investigation is nothing but theatre anyways.
It's amazing how disinterested Republicans are about this. You know, the ones who impeached Clinton for diddling an intern.
>According to the Economic Policy Institute, the Department of Labor has proposed a rule that would allow employers to take employee tips, and does not require them to redistribute the funds.

As always, looking out for regular people (who own businesses).
I set it to Comfort, and turn auto off. Not sure if Max/Eco matters for this. But I do know that if you set to auto, it will likely turn fan up. 
Any Republican not hearing alarm bells is delusional.
> Right because according to Republicans, **a Democrat** not testifying or taking the 5th is an admission of guilt.

FTFY


Also, the fact that he was subpoenaed rather than interviewed this week likely shows an unwillingness to cooperate with Mueller.
Twice zero....
I tend to switch to the defroster for the air direction if I see any fogging, and increase the fan speed to 2. It's possible the fan could be increased even one more setting, not sure yet. 
If Ivanka wasn't his daughter, she'd be charging him by the hour for those dates. Bigly.
Sure, because nobody related to this administration has a history of lying.
"He looks fit to me"
Yeah, it's not a complete fix, since it does run engine for about 5 min at start, but I can live with it. It was -20 today, and when the temp was there before the engine was only turning off for about 2-3 min at a time before turning on again.
Yes, I've been putting it on the lowest setting, until the engine turns off. Then putting it one notch above lowest, and that seems to be enough to keep the engine off. I've been setting temp all the way to high, key seems to be fan low.
The stable genius awesome negotiator needs adult supervision. 
He's such a great negotiator.
I guess they must be triggering ERDTT off the fan after the startup run. The funny thing is that last week I tried running with climate control off and it still kept turning the engine on. Maybe I didn't try long enough since it was bloody cold out. Anyways, these settings are better.
Maybe he figures the shutdown will force Mueller to stop closing in on him.
My guess is Melania knows this, and doesn't want anything to do with Don. She's being paid well to live in the WH.
I sure hope Mueller will insist that it is under oath. 
I agree. He can't testify. His mental decline would likely cause significant problems. The real question is IF Mueller will subpoena. 
I really really really want to see Trump subpoenaed. It would (will?) be great to see his reaction, and his supporters' reactions when he goes in for questioning. Flip side, he fires Mueller rather than going in for questioning, which will lead to either impeachment or the decimation of the Republican party.  
Bannon is a cockroach, but he's not the cockroach we want to see Mueller take down.
Unless the were able to stack the courts... And guess what's happening?
TIL 2/3 of Americans are morons. I'd pegged it at just under 50%.
Honestly I'll be surprised if they do. I think even they realize they can't really blame the Dems for this, given control of the government at the moment.
>But it’s Trump, not Democrats, who is actually holding up a compromise to protect DREAMers from deportation. He rejected a bipartisan deal that would have provided increased border security (and some wall funding) last week, the elimination of the visa lottery, and limited family reunification.
Of course there will. And they'll spend 2 weeks talking about how it's the Democrats' fault that it didn't get done.
Because it was on Friday?
The Republicans in Congress are enabling him. They could stop this tomorrow if they wanted.
This is the big beautiful health care plan he promised. 
>Republicans control both chambers of Congress, but Trump has repeatedly argued that Democrats should take the blame if a shutdown happens.

Wonder how that's going to work out for him. Even the idiots that still think he's awesome and draining the swamp can do the math on this.
So sad about this. Been a fan since I heard their Everyone Else when it was released...
Thanks. Will try this. On the plus side, having 100% notes come at me at 100% speed will go a long way to reminding me how far I have to go.
Thanks. I must have done something else to take it to 100%, since RR was giving me 25% of the notes. Hard to believe anything I'd do there would have put me at 100%. 
$99 special from Rondo music. Wood was ugly & had some filler, fret buzz, electronics suitable for a $99 special, volume knob didn't work.

Should have returned it, but didn't.
Grifters gonna grift.
>“Stormy calls me four or five times, by the last two phone calls she’s with Donald [Trump] and I can hear him, and he’s talking through the phone to me saying, ‘Oh come on Alana, let’s have some fun! Let’s have some fun! Come to the party, we’re waiting for you’,”
Exactly. Simply the children from 3 marriages, while having had affairs during AT LEAST two would doom most politicians.
Much sadness on hearing this news.
George HW worked out a budget agreement with Democrats that involved raising taxes and was actually good for the economy long-term. Then Clinton used it as a bludgeon to defeat him when he ran for re-election. That's normal politics, what we're seeing now is not normal.
As always, they'll express mild disapproval before moving on working with him as if it hadn't happened. No morals.
Provide examples of him demonstrating actual courage. Kicking people off food stamps doesn't count, unless he went to their houses personally to collect the food stamps.
It seems so long ago.
Personally, I think Shitghazi sounds bettern than Shithole-gate
I don't think that complaint has received nearly as much attention as it deserves. It's a BFD, and not the kind of thing that happens often.
Well shit. Freezing rain in the forecast today and my Volt is charging outside. I do think I'm going to get some kind of cover for the future.

FWIW, I do usually precondition when plugged in, so hopefully that generates some heat.
>The shithole affair isn’t the only noteworthy news this week regarding Trump’s deteriorating relations with longstanding U.S. allies. Trump has canceled a trip to Britain to open the new U.S. embassy next month. The president said on Twitter this morning that this was because of what he described as an Obama era decision to sell the previous embassy for “peanuts” and build a new billion dollar facility. (That decision was made by the George W. Bush administration.)...  Then there’s Trump’s handling of his decision to cut off aid to Pakistan. Trump wasn’t wrong to point out that the U.S. security relationship with Pakistan leaves a lot to be desired, but still, given that roughly 14,000 U.S. troops in Afghanistan rely on supplies brought through the country, it’s a relationship that has to be managed delicately. 

Canada & Mexico aren't thrilled either, and they share borders with the country this madman is running.
Bullshit. They hated when Obama held the US to a higher standard, rather than mindlessly repeating the word exceptionalism. 
Nobody invites Tomi Lahren on their show because they are interested in her opinions. 
New Car. Good luck with this, based on how new it is that's what you should demand.
Virtual President, virtual planes, seems consistent. 
>Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday North Korean leader Kim Jong Un was “shrewd and mature” and had won the latest standoff with the West over his nuclear and missile programs. “I think that Mr Kim Jong Un has obviously won this round. He has completed his strategic task: he has a nuclear weapon, he has missiles of global reach, up to 13,000 km, which can reach almost any point of the globe,” Putin told Russian journalists at a televised meeting.
In fairness, women did their part. The 52% of men who voted for him are still mostly to blame.
> Disproven and paid for by Democrats “Dossier used to spy on Trump Campaign. Did FBI use Intel tool to influence the Election?” @foxandfriends  Did Dems or Clinton also pay Russians? Where are hidden and smashed DNC servers? Where are Crooked Hillary Emails?  What a mess!

Trump this morning. 
He thinks he's a stable genius, but in reality you can't spell Feinstein without Einstein... Or something.
Exactly. He fixed that completely, so it's time to fix something that may have near term implications on his own life.
I think they believe removing Trump would be worse for them, since they'd piss off his base. Yes, he actually has a base. It's easier to keep him as figurehead and enact regressive policies than to remove him.
Yep, it's part of the softwood issue, but causing issues for those who report the news is bad - except for Republicans who prefer problems for those who report the news.
I think Pence is fine with it, since they've probably told him he gets the 20 nomination. Plus bear in mind, he's a true believer who is seeing dream policies enacted.
Except his minders wouldn't have allowed this. He knew to listen to his side, and that they would guide him through.
Yes. And the people who are in the know are on high alert and step in if things get dicey. That's what we did. And that sure looks like what happened.
I had a relative with Alzheimer's. If you prepped him properly, he could get through a lot of interactions by nodding and making occasional benign comments. Oh, but then there'd be the occasional weird out of context comment that people would pretend didn't happen. This sure looks similar.
>The Washington Post’s Ashley Parker noticed that the line where Trump agrees with Feinstein’s proposal — saying, “Yeah, I would like to do it” — is “curiously missing” from the document.
Wanna trade?
Nah, not including it helps teach people to at least think a bit.
I fully support beautiful healthcare for everyone. But I'll sign a bill removing health coverage for 10's of millions if it shows up on my desk.
Democrats commit perjury. Republicans fight fake news since they are patriots. If you're still confused about this, you need to spend some time watching Fox News.
"I want a beautiful bill that provides health care to everyone. But I'll sign one that removes health coverage for 10's of millions if it show's up on my desk."
This makes so much sense. I was messaging with someone in Alberta a few months back trying to explain to him that it would make sense to buy used in Ontario rather than new at home for this reason. They show up on Kijiji or Autotrader from time to time, worth searching Kingston & Gatineau as well.

I see Myers has a 17 on autotrader right now, worth seeing if they'll drop the price.
My 18 has it.
My guess is someone in the military leaked this in order to make sure it doesn't happen. The military does have  a history of doing that when they disagree with where POTUS may be heading.
>Dennis Wilder, a former top CIA analyst, says there are many options that could be interpreted as a kick in the shin or a bloody nose. They include striking a military facility such as an air base or naval facility not associated with the ICBM programme, destroying one of Mr. Kim’s homes, hitting a key part of the missile programme or targeting a missile during a test launch.
> Portfolio Slicer

Thanks. Will spend some time with this, it does look like what I'm after.
Which is why he will never testify.
I think it'll be better than that. Mine does run north of 10l/100k if I drive 4-5km, but if I drive closer to 16km it settles down to around 7l/100km. I'd expect for a longer trip it would be closer to 5-6 l/100km. It burns a lot of gas until it warms up. Now, that estimate is for a temp under -10 degC.

This morning at a balmy -8 deg C it used no gas coming to work (17km). I needed to run an errand, and it fired up the engine for a bit (measured the outside temp at -10degC), so for today I'm around 1l/100km, having driven about 35km. 
FWIW, Republicans knew this when Obama was in office. They've put blinders on since Trump took over, and now it's all about the Dow.
>But his ability to win the presidency (on his “first try” mind you) shows that he is a “genius…and a very stable genius at that!” In fact, the commander in chief said that his “two greatest assets” in life “have been mental stability and being, like, really smart.” In order to back up his claims, Trump charted his progress “from VERY successful businessman, to top T.V. Star to President of the United States.” 


I'm going to call CRA next week to discuss.
Right, but Don goes Kill, Marry, Fuck without hesitation, instead of screw you for saying that like a normal human.
Exactly. This is why I don't think he gets fired. That would be too obvious. Instead, they'll just ignore him.
Previously I'd have thought you were making this up, but now I'm assuming it's true. Every time I think "He wouldn't really say that" I'm wrong.
Presumably. What exactly were her qualifications? 
I suppose glassdoor would give a good picture, if you looked at SW-Eng 1 or HW-Eng 1 salaries. You could be correct, there could easily be selection bias. I haven't looked at new grad salaries in a while, so I'm kinda curious.
My understanding is that he spent large portions of his second term watching cartoons as well. 
In what market/field? 
I'm surprised there's so little variation between areas. Ottawa's cost of living is much lower than GTA or Vancouver.
Expound. 
Dobby's gonna be pissed.
Waiting for Devin Nunes to suggest Hillary was likely responsible.
The sad thing about this is it will give him reason to ramp up attacks on NAFTA.
>A note accompanying New York magazine’s excerpt speaks a great deal about how Wolff got in: “Shortly after Trump’s inauguration, Wolff says, he was able to take up ‘something like a semi-permanent seat on a couch in the West Wing’ — an idea encouraged by the president himself. Because no one was in a position to either officially approve or formally deny such access, Wolff became ‘more a constant interloper than an invited guest.’

Finally, I find something that Trump did that I approve of.
The (only) good news is I think the penalty is only on the 15k-2k overcontribution room + hopefully the penalty stopped accruing Jan1.
I'm in the same boat this year, although only to the tune of $5k. Big note: I intend to talk to Rev Canada but haven't yet, so the below info COULD be incorrect. Others can correct any of this info if it is wrong.

My understanding from discussions with people is I'll need to pay a 1%/month penalty, along with T1OVP. If I don't withdraw the excess, I can use it as a 2018 contribution. The alternative is to file a form to request a withdrawal without the 10% withholding tax. Since it's 2018 now I should be getting new contribution room and hence stop accruing the penalty. 
Understood, but that's what I'm saying. In around half of our states, Trump would still win. Alabama is one of them. Perfect candidate barely defeats pedophile.
He'd lose the election and lose the popular vote bigly, but he'd still win about half the states. Look at how close Pedophile and general asswipe Roy Moore came to winning against a fantastic candidate.
I'd bet that if the held the election today, he'd still win half the states.
They are demonstrating because of the economy. Played poorly this could result in a hardline crackdown, and the ousting of an motion towards reform.
I don't think there's any group left that will have him. He's stuck with the Neocons. He never had any policies and is likely in mental decline, so we're currently being governed entirely by Congress and Fox News.
>After all, Rouhani is a reformer who was elected in a surprise upset in 2013 and reelected last year. Upon his landslide reelection against his hard-line conservative opponent, Ebrahim Raisi, last May, Rouhani declared that the vote represented a decisive turn “away from violence and extremism.” Despite what neocons like Lake and Kristol would have us believe, a Western-style leader more liberal than Rouhani is not waiting in the wings in Tehran.
The US elected a child, so of course he's acting like a child. 
Now I just need Wolff to announce that he's donating a share of the profits to Planned Parenthood, and my day will be complete.
Old school: "Politics is the art of saying 'Nice Doggie' until you can find a stick."

Trump school: "The dog is evil! Watch me put my hand in its mouth while kicking it in the nuts!"


These aren't the tapes I really want released, but it's nice to know he can back up his book.
It causes problems for states that have legalized too, ie Blue States.
Such a SHOCK, since they were so sure he was a JEW!
>The Justice Department on Thursday rescinded Obama-era policies allowing states to set their own ground rules when it comes to legal marijuana. Instead of deferring to local laws, Attorney General Jeff Sessions will allow federal prosecutors discretion in deciding how to deal with weed.

So, essentially, the Republicans are wholly committed to State's Rights, whenever the States want to do something they agree with (ie disenfranchising minorities). But these rights end where they conflict with Republican priorities.
The way the Volt runs the engine at low temps seems to be very poorly designed. Assuming it's true that the engine heat isn't needed for the battery, then what it's doing is non-sensical. Even if I turn the heat off, it will start the engine at low temps. For short drives (4-5 miles) the Volt gets worse mileage than an SUV I used to drive. 

My commute to work is 10 miles. I can charge at home and at work. But the Volt does 2/3 of the miles with the engine running.
The US elected someone who acts like a child. Surprise, he's acting like a child.
I think Dave Mcmahon and Lise Meloche from Natural Fitness lab lead free snowshoeing, it's worth checking with them. I've never snowshoed with them, but I've gone on a lot of their trail runs.
This seems like the first Black Mirror episode that really made more sense having watched the previous 3 seasons (esp White Christmas). One thing I've always liked about this show is that order doesn't matter - apart from the occasional easter egg. The idea of the sentient coded copy of a person wouldn't have worked for me in isolation.

Anyways, I still thought this was pretty well done, and the ending was not what I expected. Almost a happy ending...
I think your point was made by how tough it is to believe that #. 
Yes, that makes sense. I'm lucky enough to have wifi at work. Seems like that and public transit are the things that make this much data attractive.
I have no idea why you think long term planning is bad, but regardless, the liberals have set a record for Ontario debt to GDP ratio. Interest on the debt is the largest, and fastest growing expense. They sell off assets forfeiting future income to deal with current shortfalls. And again, they spent taxpayer money on a report on how to deal with the financial shortfall, and ignored it.
The greens will, as long as they're the only ones promoting a single public school system. 
True enough. I wonder if it will be better in about 5 years though, when boomer retirements pick up steam.
Service cost is based on today's interest rates. When Ontario's credit rating was downgraded a couple of years ago it was due to lack of a long term plan. Still waiting.

When the liberals are selling off public assets to deal with short term budget issues at the expense of the long term picture, they lose my vote.
Republicans believe that government responsibility begins at conception and ends at birth.
Seems like a low estimate. Probably skipping things like "I have the best words" and "I'm like a smart person" - although I think both of those were pre-POTUS days.
True enough, I think our rate now is < half what it was on our first mortgage.
Al needs to be like Obi Wan now and have his ghost guide the democrats.
For a well prepared student, a Ph.D. defense is a formality. 
Barring a health issue, nope.
Next in Stittsville does a fantastic lunch.
When I look at how my salary has changed over the last 15-20 years compared with house prices, it's really amazing.
Make it so.
Enough Republicans turned on Nixon that he knew he could be impeached and removed. Today's Republicans value loyalty over country, no impeachment is coming. Even if there's a House takeover in 18, the best they could do is impeach, with the Senate refusing to remove.
Spending. There are inefficiencies that were identified in a report that the liberals spent taxpayer money on and then ignored. A good starting point would be there. Full day kindergarten was great, except they didn't pay for it. One school board would save money. Some of the green spending is out of line with the benefits.

If they rationalize spending and still can't pay off debt, raise my taxes. Don't put forward a fake balanced budget based on selling public assets.
Oh, ok. I think both are needed. Spending cuts AND some increased taxes. 
I first voted green in the election where funding religious school funding was a big issue and they came out strongly for a single board. I think they still get a bit of $/vote provincially too.
Again, you asked a question that included two options. Don't complain that I gave my view on only two options.
Republican values on full display.
I know, no fiscally prudent budget from anyone. I can't vote liberal, based on the last decade's performance. The PC's are blowing smoke. Right now it would be between NDP and Green for me.
Sure, there are lots of options in theory. I was answering your question, I didn't say there were two choices.
Amazing that the WH admitting something that is obviously true is news.
Nice try Rick, but the taint of serving in this administration never washes off.
Well, it's a fake administration that lies with reckless abandon, so in all fairness anything they say is fake news.
Well, it's a fake administration that lies with reckless abandon, so in all fairness anything they say is fake news.
So, to be honest, I'd like the choice. I tend to be well left of center, but I was really upset by some of the liberals new spending over the last decade that was unfunded. Given a choice between a fiscally prudent budget that cuts spending and continuing deficits, I'm going prudent right now. I doubt I'm getting the first option from any party though, which likely leaves me voting green again.
>The documents, which described the climate action plans for nearly 100 parks that are members of the agency’s Climate Friendly Parks program, disappeared from an NPS webpage by Wednesday, according to the Environmental Data and Governance Initiative. The page now says, “These documents are temporarily unavailable for download while we work to make them compliant with newly revised 2018 federal accessibility standards.”

I thought MAGA would look different than this.
I'm starting to think that any party that puts forward a fiscally responsible platform (ie that will lead to us actually bringing down our debt) can have my vote. 
I know a kid who delivered the Courier Standard. Some people asked him (politely, since they aren't assholes) not to deliver to them. He did exactly this, not a big deal. So, maybe try this? 
Looks like Santa got my letter.
She's a blank canvas. People assume that she's going to help moderate the policies, despite any evidence for that. 
C'mon, why would you expect that?
>The problem, however, is that the Uranium One story was resolved a long time ago. Republicans have alleged that the State Department, then run by Hillary Clinton, allowed the deal to proceed after people connected with Uranium One donated millions to the Clinton Foundation, the nonprofit run at the time by Clinton’s husband. Republicans also allege that it essentially gave Russia control over American uranium. Clinton, however, never approved the sale—it was evaluated by a committee of nine federal agencies before being approved by the president. The vast majority of the donations to the Clinton Foundation, moreover, came from one person connected to Uranium One—who sold his stake in the company three years before the deal in question.
He won't be wasting time. It's about headlines, they don't need facts.
Nope. Tried it. Doesn't work.
This describes me too. I'm bummed that the Volt doesn't have a setting for short drives (<20km) that would have it run on electric in cold weather, even if required that you preconditioned while plugged in.
If it loses 90% of its value in a short period, don't be surprised if it loses 99%. Stampedes are great to watch.
>After Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson offered a prayer, Trump invited his Vice President Mike Pence “to say a few words.” Pence prostrated himself with relish. “You’ve restored American credibility on the world stage,” Pence gushed. “You’ve signed more bills rolling back federal red tape than any president in American history. You’ve unleashed American energy. You’ve spurred an optimism in this country that is setting records.”
Not mutually exclusive.
Did they promise here the vote, or plausible cover? I'm guessing all she asked for was that they give her an excuse.
I know, but when he suffers in this way it pumps up Trump's ego, so it may be a net loss.
Repealing the mandate is likely to destabilize Obamacare though. If young healthy people drop out, premiums will go up dramatically.

Winter is coming...
I think staff will be unlikely to strike again. This really sucked for faculty, they lost quite a bit of salary, and in the end didn't get much. They're under a lot of stress trying to salvage the semester.

Now they know that if they strike, the govt will likely stop it. The colleges won't negotiate in good faith (yet again) since they know the semester will be saved by govt. 
I saw a letter that Algonquin's president sent to staff. Paraphrased to remove the politeness it said "We won. The pay increase is what we offered. Academic freedom is unchanged from what we asked for. You get $900 each as full time employee for your efforts, $450 if you are partial load. Have a nice day."
Oh well, you get this moment every 4 years.
You will be everyone's hero for a short period in a couple of months. Use your moment wisely.
My guess-o-meter guesses around 60km with the temp under -10 here in the great white north. I don't know what I can get, since the engine keeps running.

Mine was delivered end of October, it crept up to around 81km when I didn't need heating, before the temp went down.
BTW, this was the one I was referring to. Huge numbers of people who NEVER watch figure skating were talking about this.
My mileage is around 6-7 l / 100km on my morning & evening commute. So around 30-35mpg. When I drive in gas mode, it runs around 5l/100km. It's quite inefficient in the cold, at least for my short 15-20km trips.
I know someone who did ONE fight. He's a tough dude, and wanted to give it a shot. He won. But in something like that you have no clue what you're going to wind up in the ring with.
It may be inefficient, but if you're only driving 5km on a fully charged battery, it's unfortunate that the Volt won't do it without running the engine. I have the same thing, and it continues running the battery even when stopped. My typical drives are 15-20km, and I'm running about 30% on electric when temp is under -10C.
Can I ask who that was with? That's insane...
I'm still disgusted by the smell of Vanilla.
Maybe, I don't really remember figure skating existing at the moment. Talk to me in a couple months.
Of course it is. They know it's politically unpopular, so they'll create a situation in which they can claim it's inevitable. Then, blame Obama, pass it, and plan to blame Obama again in the following election.

Sadly, history indicates voters are uninformed enough to fall for it.
This is just the start. They're coming for social security and medicaire next. The bill begins the dismantling of Obamacare. I think the Teaflakes will be ok with it.
Seriously, who gives a fuck? This says more about the Republicans and their desperate attempt to change the subject than anything else.
I'd like to see him do this. As a typically Liberal supporter, I'd really like to see a credible long-term fiscal plan.
A judging travesty in Olympic Skating making a bunch of people who don't care about Olympic Skating suddenly believe it's a life or death event, and how could such an injustice have been done, only to forget that figure skating exists a couple weeks later.
It's easy to do this if you know it's going to pass. Courage is doing it when your vote is needed.
Sigh. Why invest in forward looking technologies or worry about climate change and wild life when we can drill baby drill.
I hope so. The Democrats had better be ready to explain in sound bites the reason this is bad for America by the time the next election roles around. Historically the Republicans manage to charge the Dems with being pro-taxes, and win support.
How often do deals like this hit (not 10gig but vastly improved plans in general)?  Last time I changed was 2 years ago, when fido has $45/2gig and $50/3gig plans on the go.
LOL, with our system 40% gets her a majority, easy.
THAT is an easy one.
FYI, this is one of the reasons I was asking. I'm on Fido & kicking around the idea of switching to the 10gig plan, but I'm trying to guess if I'd use it. I can't go back to my existing plan if I give it up, although I suppose I could always switch elsewhere and get a $45 plan again.
Brainwashing. When you're told something repeatedly from an early age, you tend to accept that it's true. Even when there's evidence to the contrary, it doesn't matter.

Fox News doesn't help.
This footage should be saved as an archive to prove that there was opposition, and the Republicans refused to listen or respond.
"The voters decided" is a way to avoid taking responsibility. I get Trump saying it, since he knows what he did, but anyone else saying this just makes himself look bad.
That makes sense. I guess Netflix on a bus makes good sense too.
So I guess it's based on experience. I can get into a walk in clinic in 1-2 hours, open 7 days per week. My experience with emergency is approx 2 hours, but then it may depend on why you're there.
Can I ask what people are paying for lower data, like 4-6G? I'm currently at $50/3Gig, and I'd like a bit more but don't need 10.
Interestingly, the responses from Conservatives when this is asked mostly skip the "every other country has it" part of the question, and jump to assuming it wouldn't work, based on right wing FUD.

The reality is that universal health care WOULD result in somewhat of lower quality care for somewhere around the richest 25-35% of Americans. The flip side is that it would produce a MUCH larger change in quality for the poorest 15-25%. In the end, it comes down to greed. FWIW, I'm highly in favor of single payer, having lived in both Canada & the US as an adult.
That Alfred Russel Wallace wrote the first paper on the theory of evolution.
Of course it is. It started with W. It ends with dismantling Social Security and Medicaire. The middle is just filled with people allowing the government to take away social programs, cuz guns, Jesus, and Benghazi, modified slightly to smear whoever the next candidate is.
If the GOP cared about anything besides solidifying their hold on power and enriching their donors this would matter.
Roy Moore finds another way to enrich himself while furthering partisan divides. Sounds about right.
In my mind Benghazi refers to a tragedy that gets politicized and goes through over a dozen congressional investigations in order to smear an opposition politician. So no, this is like an anti-Benghazi.
"President Trump" may be phrase that I find most haunting, likely for the rest of my life.
>For anti-Trump Republicans—or, more accurately, anti-Trump curious Republicans, as Nate Silver put it—the year has been marked by a bewildering dance with the president. Coverage of these senators has followed suit, tending to focus on their most recent headline-grabbing stunt, whether it be an act of complicity or of defiance. But what this obscures is just how ineffectual these senators have been over the past eleven months, even though a slim two-vote majority in the upper chamber gives them a great deal of power. These Republicans have alternated between bolstering Trump and chastising him, but have never acted with any larger strategy or taken any meaningful action to constrain a president they distrust.

It's a dark timeline. The Republicans who could stand in Trump's way are facilitating him, while getting headlines for saying they disapprove. 
Last time I changed my Fido plan I did it using the chat box on their web site. It actually worked, took about 20 mins.
>But there’s still reason to think that we’ll be describing next weekend’s events to our grandkids someday, and not because of any eggnog-related antics. The Washington Post reports: “White House lawyers are expected to meet with special counsel Robert S. Mueller III’s office late this week seeking good news: that his sprawling investigation’s focus on President Trump will soon end and their client will be cleared.” They are very unlikely to find it, as it seems the idea that Trump is on the verge of being exonerated is just something his lawyers came up with to keep him happy.

I remember the good ole days when we had an adult in the WH, rather than a POTUS who needs to be managed like a spoiled 5 year old.
This is important. Trump tries to paint a narrative that the Dems let people down by not supporting health care reform/tax reform, but the reality is that the Republicans have cooked up these programs behind closed doors and refused to work towards consensus.

This is important. Trump tries to paint a narrative that the Dems let people down by not supporting health care reform/tax reform, but the reality is that the Republicans have cooked up these programs behind closed doors and refused to work towards consensus.
If you gave me a choice between the Canadian model and the US one, I'd pick Canada. I've lived and worked in both countries. Each country is running a large deficit. But in Canada, everyone has equal access to health care, the public retirement fund is fiscally solvent, University tuition is relatively affordable, and there isn't a large group trying to impose policies based on their religion. There are issues in the great white north. But if you ever worked for a failing company in the time period before Obamacare, wondering if you'd lose your health insurance due to your employer going under, you'd appreciate Canada more. 
Welcome. I share that comment whenever I see questions about quitting. It made a difference to me, I figure it probably can to others too.
It is truly the darkest timeline.
Hmmm... If that's the case it's hard to believe Republicans would be investigating.
There are clearly some people who truly believed the Republicans would be fiscally responsible and reduce deficits. Sure, there was no evidence to support this belief, but the people who supported the Republicans based on that must be feeling pretty let down. That's a tiny silver lining, but it's something.
This is the clearest sign yet that they expect nasty shit is going to come out about the Trump campaign. They're trying to lay the foundation for a narrative that other campaigns colluded too. Perhaps this will be the excuse the house uses not to impeach, when impeachable offenses are found.
Health concerns. I got into a relationship, and quit. Even then, I was a closet, opportunistic smoker, when I could get away with it. 

One day the long term impact on my health got to be a concern, and I sought out help on a forum. Someone made the point that quitting was easier than it would be to explain to my kids that I have cancer down the road. That comment hit home, and I haven't smoked in 10 years.
This is the clearest sign yet that they expect nasty shit is going to come out about the Trump campaign. They're trying to lay the foundation for a narrative that other campaigns colluded too. Perhaps this will be the excuse the house uses not to impeach, when impeachable offenses are found.
Photography. Beginners are always looking at new equipment rather than learning technique. Beginners are focused on superzooms rather than high quality lenses. If someone wants to talk about his gear rather than his photos, I know.
The plot revolving around a low speed chase where the empire ships could easily have blown the rebellion out of space if they'd been even vaguely inclined.
Betamax.
[How to Build an Autocracy](https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2017/03/how-to-build-an-autocracy/513872/)
The Atlantic had a solid article a few months back about how the US could become an authoritarian state. It doesn't involve the US stopping elections, but one party controlling the apparatus such that it inevitably wins. Highly recommended reading. 
‘As you walk and eat and travel, be where you are. Otherwise you will miss most of your life.’ ~Buddha
In all honesty, there's no risk free way. But not doing it is likely to lead to long term regrets. 

You need to explain that you don't want to jeopardize your friendship, but that you'd like to be more than friends. Hope it works out.
This will probably be removed as Off Topic, but I hope it doesn't. Republican Family Values hypocrisy is always a joy to behold.
Please answer the question, "Do you believe POTUS can pardon himself?" Yes? Confirmed!
It's clear now that the Republican party does not care a bit about the country, or huge portions of the population. Yet somehow, they manage to claim that they are the patriots and Democrats hate America. Neat trick they've pulled off, I just hope we can turn this around while we still have a democracy. We're really close to not having one anymore.
No kidding. I wasn't crazy about Obamacare from the start, but the pieces do fit together to provide a reasonable framework. The Republicans just removed a piece to intentionally destabilize it. Of course, they'll blame the guy who was actually working for the country rather than against it.
The Trump administration complaining about emails is truly the height of irony.
We have that now, FWIW. Democratic candidates have won the popular vote and lost the presidency twice in the last 5 elections. That is not defensible.
The said I was clearly on the Clinton payroll. LOL. I live in Canada.
I can't get over the irony of them complaining about leaked emails, whether it happened or not.
I can't get over the irony of them complaining about leaked emails, whether it happened or not.
Too bad Gerrymandering makes that so challenging. Even with Moore losing the popular vote in Alabama, in a Congressional election those same votes would have given Republicans 6 seats and Democrats 1. Our system is so broken that even if most voters pick dems, the Republicans could well keep control.
Weird. This is their moment, if they want to do it. I don't think it will play well in an election cycle.
Too bad Gerrymandering makes that so challenging. Even with Moore losing the popular vote in Alabama, in a Congressional election those same votes would have given Republicans 6 seats and Democrats 1. Our system is so broken that even if most voters pick dems, the Republicans could well keep control.
You clearly made 2 mistakes. 1: Fact checking. 2: Not mentioning Don - every post must include a reverent reference to dear leader.

BTW, I pity those poor souls who haven't been banned.
Devin Nunes was the test case. He showed that it was ok for GOP congressmen to obstruct justice, collude with the white house, and spread misinformation. His party had his back. The GOP has turned into a crime syndicate.
Clearly, they know that Mueller is on track to cause major problems for the administration. 
This is one of those situations where if someone makes an allegation and it has no evidence to back it up, there should be some consequences. We need to move away from the idea that one party can just make shit up without repercussions.
Just balloons. Mostly just being in contact with them during sex, IIRC, although the "Poppers" are another branch. And I wish I was making this up.
The Immortal Iron Fist will arrive. Isis will flee because they get tired of listening to him whine.
Posting on /r/TheDonald trying to convince them that anyone could be concerned about the current POTUS.
Balloons. I mean it's common enough that there's a name for them ("looners"), and seems so random that I can't even grasp it.
I'd call Roy Moore, since it would be fun to watch him get beaten while I rode off on his horse.
He was definitely setting it up. I think it would have been incredibly violent. 
Sadly, the true believers still believe. Hillary would have taken their guns, wanted to let terrorists in by the truckload, and something about email. The Donald is running the country like a business, cutting their taxes, giving them freedom to not have health insurance, and keeping the country safe for real Americans.
Remember folks, tis the season to donate to Planned Parenthood in the name of your favorite wingnut Republican.
Looking forward to going. My "kids" are teens now, but we took many trips there when they were little. I think they'll get a kick out of it.
Much like W's tax cut for the rich, even if the Dems were to retake both Congress and the WH, it politically really hard to undo tax cuts. The right screams bloody murder about taxes being raised, and the Dems cave. Even when 99% of Americans aren't impacted by a tax increase, the Republicans and their Fox News foghorn are able to convince voters to vote against their own economic interest.
Remember folks, tis the season to donate to Planned Parenthood in the name of your favorite wingnut Republican.
Remember folks, tis the season to donate to Planned Parenthood in the name of your favorite wingnut Republican.
Thankfully, a pathetic piece of shit who will not be a US Senator. 
Americans apparently prefer entertainment to competence. 
Add taxes for Alimony. Reduce estate taxes for the rich. Any more questions about Republican priorities?
Obama had highly qualified picks ignored by Congress. Trump supporters make excuses for unqualified picks. Most of Trump's nominees will wind up confirmed. Our country continues to be damaged by the Republicans.
This is the type of scene that make the US look ridiculous in the eyes of the world.
This seems like a good moment to donate to Planned Parenthood as a tribute to your favorite Republican politician.
And as always, he'll call it fake news, and his supporters will eat it up. Meanwhile, our government has become a tool for the rich.
>To help reduce wait times for popular items, a $1 fee will be charged if a hold or Interlibrary loan is not cancelled or picked up on time

I wonder if this means you can cancel after it has been delivered & this is only if you let your hold expire unpicked up. I hope so.
Oh, you're right. Still a lot but not as horrible.
And why do the Republicans get to Gerrymander? Because voters at the state level gave them the opportunity.
Ah, but they do. They could vote in their own financial interest rather than based on guns and jesus. 
It was a 14,500 loan, so over $5k interest in his calculation. I haven't priced used car loans personally, so don't know, but that's awfully steep.
Hope so, since we have one. Note though, it WILL cut taxes for most people, and MAY spur short term growth.
I would definitely NOT recommend a 5 year loan at 7%. Based on your math (which I didn't check) you'd be paying over 1/3 more in interest than the price of the car. Personally I'd rather drive an older/cheaper/lousier car than pay all that interest.
The stat on the decrease of personal saving when CPP increased is pretty stunning. As an Ontario resident though, I still am happy about the CPP expansion mainly because it gave Wynne a way to get out of the ORPP promise. 
Fuck, it would be a tough competition this year.

Roy Moore, Harvey Weinstein, The Orange Monster, Devin Nunes, Mitch McConnel seem like a good list of finalists.
We've been married 20 years and still make each other laugh.
Yep. Any book with more pages of footnotes than many books, and entire stories told in footnotes deserves a mention.

A room mate of mine made me read this years ago. Really awesome, and I sometimes wonder which stage we're in now.
Excellent. It shouldn't have required a judge to block it though, and this underscores the importance of what's going on with these horrendous judicial nominees being rushed through.
Torches and pitchforks.
It's fantastic, however, it was a bit of a freak event. Moore is truly a reprehensible person, even without the pedophile angle. Jones is as perfect of a candidate as the Democrats could field. And even with that, when you look at the breakdown, in a race that the Dems won, if the statewide vote followed that pattern the Republicans would win all but one House seat.

There is still a lot of work to do to reclaim government.
I actually use mittens to suppress my natural tendency to do that.
Aha! CT has exactly what I lost. Thnx.
Thanks
I miss Obama so much.
You forgot "Do you believe POTUS can pardon himself?"
Thyme and again sells a jar of spicy antipasto (I think that's what they call it) that is amazingly good. It's fairly pricey but so totally worth it.
I have a rule. If someone has agreed on a price and there isn't some reason why they could believe the item is different than described, if they offer less when arriving I walk away. FWIW the ONLY time this happened to me the person immediately backed down.
I know. Even among the incompetent ideologues coming from Trump, this is a standout.
These guys know what they're doing. Won't surprise me if he pleads to 2nd & gets 15-20. Either way, he's having a bad day.
In a functioning government, Nunes would be charged with obstruction, and shunned by his own party.
That's a little early for my Christmas present. Of course, maybe I can still get the Trump indictment that I asked Santa for.
Clearly he thought he would be a hero. Who knows, in some circles maybe he is.
>A judge on Thursday upgraded the charges against the 20-year-old man who drove his Dodge Challenger into a crowd at a white-supremacist rally in August, killing Heather Heyer and injuring 35 more. James Fields Jr. is now accused of first-degree murder, which could put him in prison for the rest of his life.
>A huge majority of Republicans stuck with Moore and Trump last Tuesday. And we’ve learned one new and sickening thing this past month: Republican tribalism demands that the Mueller investigation be aggressively smeared in advance, its findings preemptively discredited, and its lawyers smeared for political loyalties, even when there is no evidence that this is affecting the special counsel’s work. 

It's really an assault on our democracy.
This is truly deplorable. We need to move beyond politics as partisan warfare, and believing that anything is allowed in the name of discrediting political opponents. Fuck I miss Obama and Biden today.
Seems like a good pick for Trump. How would The Donald do with those questions? Spoiler: worse.
Same here. Having said that, this morning (-17C) I had to stop for 10 mins on my way to work, then drive another 8km. For my first 10km. After I restarted, I went all the way to work on electric. So maybe the issue is worse before the car warms up. FWIW, I've averaged 5.5l/100km this week. 
I have an 18, it pretty much doesn't matter, when it's under about 10degF it runs the engine so much that it might as well be a Hybrid. My commute to work today was 10 miles, 2.5 of them were on electric.
20's sounds balmy (0F here today). I was worried about this a few days ago when I was parked outside charging and the area around my charge port got full of snow. But I pretty much always do a pre-heat when I'm plugged in this time of year, maybe that's why I didn't have problems.
If they were concerned with facts it would. That's not what this is about.
>“Ryan, should he secure his final year in office, will use it to pursue the type of dramatic, politically risky entitlement reforms that Trump explicitly ruled out while running for president,” the article reports.

I shudder to think what he might try without feeling any political pressure from seeking re-election.
It's like the Uranium. They don't need facts, just headlines and sound bites. FBI agents biased against Trump plays well on Fox News.
The editors of the Washington Post are probably pretty pleased right now. They've done a good thing for their country.
In fairness, I believe there are thousands of underage girls in Alabama that he hasn't sexually assaulted. At least now he has time.
The rest of the world manages to make socialized medical programs work. They have longer lifespans and access to healthcare for everyone. Interesting that your values tell you that's immoral. See, Joe was right.
Sure, but the first step of passing a budget that will increase debt as an opening to the restructuring may not be the best approach. At least, that's what my values tell me.
White Christmas by a large margin. 15 million Merits probably #2, largely because the last 10 minutes had me literally on the edge of my seat.
Robot bees taking out Amish farms?
I found this episode so disturbing, since it hit closer to home than most. Not that I didn't find most episodes disturbing, but this one just hit too close to home for me.
The country misses him too.
Stop confusing their narrative with facts.
Torches and pitchforks.
Sadly though, they control government at sufficient levels in sufficient states to steal elections at will. 
There's a special place in Hell for people who are enabling and normalizing Trump.
I wish this was an isolated incident. The US has been refusing to have a paper ballot requirement for years now.
I agree. When Devin Nunes implied that his allegiance was to POTUS and his party backed him up though, it became clear that separation of powers was gone. I fear that Americans are too busy checking their facebook feeds and watching Clash of the Cupcakes to overthrow the government if things get out of hand.
Perhaps. Perhaps it goes the other way, to keep the spotlight on the Republicans' efforts to try to discredit Mueller.
Republicans voted to impeach Nixon in committee. Today, that seems unlikely. They view the Executive and Legislative branches to be part of the Republican Party, not branches of government.
As others are saying, look at the Clarity. I decided not to wait for it, & bought a Volt, but if I was shopping today (or in a few months) I'd likely get a Clarity.
Me too. Still sad that he didn't run. He'd have made a great POTUS.
Exactly. It's a feature, not a bug.
> Don't tell me what you value, show me your budget, and I'll tell you what you value.

― Joe Biden 
“Don't tell me what you value, show me your budget, and I'll tell you what you value.”

― Joe Biden 
I'm impressed by this. Lack of active thermals seems like a miss, but the range on this looks great. Having an option for less $$$ than a Bolt with reasonable range should really help adoption.
Right there with you. Avoiding articles, trailers, etc. No idea what I'm doing on this sub, I just can't help it.
I've never watched more than one episode in a day. I really love the show, but always feel like I need a break after watching an episode. Looks like a Black New Year instead of a Black Christmas, but I'm ok with that.
I had some messages on mine yesterday afternoon indicating new app updates installed. I haven't looked around to see if there's anything new yet though.
Bear in mind this could change with the Ontario election coming up. I've heard speculation Wynne might change this before the election.
Yes. I usually do it when it's plugged in, but have occasionally done it when the car is unplugged & I know I have enough charge to get home regardless.
Bigly. I was part hoping he'd step in at the last minute, and part hoping he wouldn't since I really did believe Trump would lose. Sigh.
Obama picks a Nobel Laureate in Physics to advise him. Trump picks Rick fucking Perry. Putin laughs.
Thankfully not, but I like the Xmas sentiment.
The sad thing about this for me was that a couple weeks back I was talking to someone I consider fairly well informed, and definitely liberal. He assumed there was something bad about the Uranium thing. I think it's because the headline is so attention grabbing, Hillary gave the Russians most of our Uranium.
I doubt anyone is surprised by this. I also doubt Pence ever truly considered dropping off, once he realized the polling was ok.
>Michael Flynn has admitted to calling up Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak -- at the behest of other members of the incoming administration and likely the president himself -- and telling him not to worry about any U.S. retaliation against Russia for its election meddling, because when the Trump team took office they'd make it all go away. He might as well have said, "Tell Vlad thanks for the help. We've got his back."

It's a continuing source of amazement that Trump supporters are able to rationalize this type of behavior.
>Trump is not the first sitting president to face accusations of obstruction of justice. During the Watergate scandal, the first article of impeachment approved by the House Judiciary Committee charged Richard Nixon with obstructing justice by endeavoring to influence an FBI investigation into the break-in at the Democratic National Committee headquarters. That article passed the committee by a 27–11 vote, with six Republicans joining all the committee’s Democrats in the majority. 

That seems so quaint now. Republicans joining Democrats.
Like everything else, the true believers will fail to see how this reflects on their dear leader.
If Moore wins, the country loses, regardless of your political leanings.
How else will we keep poor people from getting health insurance?
>After the initial allegations came out, almost every major national Republican disavowed Moore — but not President Trump. The man who has now taken to denying observable reality about his own past with women made it clear to his advisers that he was skeptical of Moore’s accusers. 
The MyChevy app shows me lifetime mileage (in l/100km in my case), but no lifetime EV miles. Onstar app broke for me after a week.

Just checked though, and Onstar app seems to work for me again now, for everything but EV miles.
Thanks. That makes sense, and aligns with what I calculate if I look at the 1 year price change and add in the dividends.  The wording on the Vanguard site is weird though, they show the return for NAV and Market Price, but both of them actually include the dividend. Ishares is better in that it does at least say "total return".
And sadly they can convince enough ignorant Americans that they are the patriots, and Democrats hate the US to get re-elected.
>Mitch McConnell has 51 votes for a tax-cut bill. Now, all he needs is a tax-cut bill.

That pretty much says it all.
I'd like to think so. But there's still part of me that feels like the Republicans will find a way to shut this down.
Paul Ryan is going to have to contact his Dr because of an erection lasting more than four hours.
>ABC News’s Brian Ross reports that Flynn has “promised full cooperation to the Mueller team” and is “prepared to testify ... against President Trump, against members of the Trump family, and others in the White House.” He is also prepared to testify that Trump, before his inauguration, “ordered him to make contact with the Russians.” Ross is reporting that Flynn made the decision to flip in the last 24 hours, citing the financial and personal pressure of the Mueller investigation.

Really liking the way this is going. Trump AND members of his family...
Onstar told me (by email) that you can't get basic after the free period expires. We'll see when the time comes, since there's no way I'm shelling out for their current plans.


And we aren't 1/4 of the way through his time in office yet. He's not going to be removed regardless of what he does. So yes, truly trapped.
Was a long time ago, but 3 of us went to ER in ambulances. Pretty awful experience, but a teachable moment - we all had seatbelts on and this made a big difference.
Got rear ended once, hard, while waiting to make a left turn. After that, for many months I got twitchy while waiting to make a left turn, constantly looking in my rear view mirror.
>While a lot of the buzz over this reshuffling will focus on Tillerson, who has been a dead man walking in the administration for a good while, its more interesting aspects involve Pompeo and Cotton. These two men have more in common than congressional experience (Pompeo served in the House from 2011 until his CIA appointment), strong connections to the tea party movement, and success in brown-nosing the president. 
BTW, some of the same games (putting on expiration dates to make the 10 yr #'s look palatable) were played with W's. The assumption was that Congress & POTUS wouldn't have the guts to let the cuts expire, which turned out to be accurate.
unsolicited advice: If you don't know what to study, think college not uni, ESP if finances are tight.
Actually, W said we could split the surplus and pay for tax cuts & debt repayment. The economy was so good we could afford tax cuts. Then, when the economy tanked, they said they needed tax cuts. Essentially, one solution regardless of conditions. Now is worse in a sense, they don't even seem to feel the need to rationalize.
President Camacho is doing exactly what those who elected him wanted.
The upshot of this is other countries will continue to fund their brightest to come to the US for grad school, and return home afterwards. Sadly, it will be years before the impact of this is felt, but in the long run the things that have made the US a world technology leader over the last 50 years will slowly degrade.
Absolutely true. If you want the cheapest car to commute to work, the Volt can't compare. It can save you $1000 to $2000 in gas charges per year (+/- depending on your specifics), but clearly if you buy something $10-15K cheaper the breakeven time can be long or never. My personal best guess had the Volt saving me in the vicinity of $1500 per year, and costing between $5000 and 7000 more than a Civic for new purchases in each case. Even if it winds up being a wash financially over the life of the car I'm happy to be greener. FWIW, I have around 3500 km on the Volt and have burned 67l of gas.
They've been working on this since W. That was the real purpose of his tax cuts, and now they're finishing the job. At some point soon it will be unavoidable due to the debt.
Did you compare a 2 year old civic with a 2015 Volt? Looks like you'd pay about $5k more for the Volt, just a quick WAG looking at Autotrader.

I went through this comparison recently, comparing a new Civic with a new Volt. Note: I didn't compare a base Civic with a base Volt, since the Volt has a lot more features. The break even for me was around 4-5 years, since I'm in Ontario with a $14k rebate.
The good news for me is mid day weekday is free (L1) for me at work. It's really the weekends when I'd want the L2 OR the evenings I get home late and would like to have it fully charged by 7AM.

It does make more sense that they'd reduce the rebate to something more in line with Quebec.
Best you can hope for is that the Republicans will make mildly disapproving statements about him. 
And I'm on the other side. I graduated with student debt, and paid it off as quickly as possible to minimize debt payments. Now I can look at how much more I have in savings based on taking the pain early on. I wish my government was of the same mindset.
Trump declared war on journalism as soon as he was elected. He's not necessarily winning, but he's wounding it enough to have the desired impact.
It's been clear for quite a while now that our system worked great as long as the majority of our politicians were basically honest and wanted the country to succeed. Now, not so much.
Here is an example of this that I like to use. I was very angry when the liberals brought in full day kindergarten. It isn't that I'm opposed in theory. It's that it was a huge new expense and they provided no roadmap to pay for it. My feeling was that if they TRULY believed in this, they should have been willing to explain to taxpayers that they were raising taxes to pay for their new initiative. Otherwise, don't do it. This is the story of our current liberals, with some corruption thrown in for added impact.
Don't get me wrong, he's a disaster, and him fucking up the mtg yesterday is the sort of thing that shouldn't be tolerated, but this is the sort of thing he's been doing since the election. For whatever reason, it's considered ok for him to behave like a spoiled 3 year old.
Exactly. 
They're voting the way Jesus would want them to. Jesus was all about better off people ignoring the poor, wasn't he?
Of course he is. Clearly a pedophile is a better choice than someone who might want to help poor people get health coverage. Priorities people!
>It’s unclear what precipitated the meltdown.

Meltdown implies something stable to start with. He's been unstable for ages now.
Interesting. Any guess if the L2 charger rebate will vanish too? I probably should do that one. I didn't think I'd need it but... I've had two occasions where I needed to drive to downtown from west end returning mid-afternoon, then again in the evening having been home 3-4 hours. IF I had L2 I'd have been close to fully charged, but with L1 I was only about 40% charged for the evening drive. I love the Volt design, but it's WAY more pleasant to drive in EV mode.
Fellow Ontarian here. Very similar circumstance, but my RT to work is around 40km. I tend to plug it in both at home and at work, the cost of topping up at home is pretty small and occasionally I wind up with unexpected trips. 

How much of a discount does the employee pricing get you?
Republican politicians & their staff aren't subject to the same rules as the rest of the population.
Well, clearly it's better to elect a pedophile than someone willing to help poor people get health coverage. Priorities, after all.
You forgot their big selling point: The final law would be totally different from the bill being voted on, but they needed to pass their broken bill to keep the process alive.
So says the great negotiator.
Trump calculus: There are far more white supremacist voters than Native American voters. Hence, racial slurs are a net support gain.
I still feel like incidents like this are the best chance we have of reclaiming some level of control over our democracy. I just wish that we'd stop paying attention people who are shown to be pathological liars just because they're good for ratings.
>The James O’Keefes of the right are going to keep at this for as long as that money continues to roll in. Hats off, though, to all those still earnest and patient enough to believe, in 2017, that the truth can meaningfully hurt the conservative press. That’s a fight worth fighting, even if it can’t be won.
The Onstar app worked for me for the first week or 2 and then stopped. The MyChevy app seems to work about 90%+ of the time. 

Neither shows my lifetime EV miles, which kind of sucks, but myChevy does show the lifetime mileage.
My neighbor founded one of those papers. He's lived in the community for years, and it's full of community interest stories. He sold it when it was time for him to retire, but his staff stayed with it - until now I guess. Yes, it has a lot of ads, and flyers inside. It's fucking free, so how do you think he paid for it every week? How do you think he paid the people to deliver it? Advertising funded media has ads.
But it's not racist, just trust them.