>Do you provide charging with USB-PD or QC?

Strictly by the USB spec, QC isn't allowed and it has to be USB-PD. In practice, devices can support both by implementing either QC 4.0 or whatever Samsung uses. QC effectively isn't even an option for devices that don't use Snapdragon or Exynos like Tegra, Apple, Intel, MediaTek, etc.

Moving forward after Qualcomm stops shipping old pre-QC4.0 chips, you won't see any new QC-only devices that don't also support PD, so this problem is effectively solved from the OEMs' perspective.

>Do you do video out with DP Alt mode or HDMI alt mode? Or do what the Switch did and use something more exotic like MyDP?

Switch is outright breaking the spec here. I don't think HDMI alt mode is used by *anything* on the consumer market and offers basically zero (effectively negative) technical advantage over DP alt mode.

Anyone who cares about interoperability at all should be using USB-PD and DP Alt mode. For anything else that is clearly designed against interoperability (like Switch's video out), users should stick with what the manufacturer claims to support (i.e. no third-party docks) or *maybe* well-tested reverse-engineered implementations.
The Moto 15W "TurboPower" charger that has a non-detachable USB C cable works pretty well with Pixel, which draws 15W just like most other 5V-only USB C chargers. I think it comes with the Moto Z.

Another 15W TurboPower charger that Moto makes is actually a USB A charger that may include a USB C cable, included with Moto X4 for example. Pixel charges slower from it at 10W.

Moto chargers are totally safe to use.
Switch simply will not work with any dock that follows the USB spec. The way it negotiates video output is inherently incompatible with USB Alt Mode.

For chargers, on the other hand, just about anything that follows the USB spec should work fine with an *undocked* Switch.
Do those chargers support QuickCharge? Aukey normally indicates that with orange USB ports and the QC logo which looks like a circle with a lightning bolt. Switch's Pro Controller might not work with those, and it's not the only thing that has problems with them: Sony's DualShock 4 can get permanently bricked by connecting it to one of them. I wouldn't blame Nintendo and Sony for Qualcomm doing weird incompatible things.

The Pro Controller definitely works with the Google charger that came with your Pixel.
No, the Pro Controller should be totally fine by the USB spec. It doesn't even support PD; it just draws 0.5A from any charger I've seen. Are you sure you're using good cables? Try using the Nintendo one that came with the controller.

Are you using chargers that support Qualcomm QuickCharge or Samsung Fast Charging? I'm not sure if the Pro Controller works with those.
It's mostly just Windows that has problems with that. If you save this ".huge" file and double-click it in Explorer, I think Windows won't know what to do with it. Browsers might automatically rename to ".huge.jpg" when saving to avoid this.

Browsers don't care what the file name is. They use mimetype instead, which basically just depends on what data the file contains. Most other programs and OSes are the same way.
Yes, that fixes the undefined behavior because you're not modifying C between the same two sequence points as a separate subexpression that depends on the value of C.

Then again OP isn't even using C++ so its rules don't apply
> it's not default

Are you saying it's not installed by default in fresh installs of Ubuntu 18.04? I'm a little surprised. It really should be. I haven't done a fresh desktop install for a while but I think it used to be installed by default in older versions of Ubuntu Gnome.
[SG0 VN](/s "You can't time leap from Alpha to Beta. Those memories are from a living human Kurisu who knew about Hououin Kyouma, which places her in the Alpha world line. It's some version of reading steiner.")
Gnome Tweak Tool solves a few of your gripes about missing configuration options. I believe it's installed by default in Ubuntu: you can open it by searching the list of programs. Admittedly this is far from an intuitive way to find these options but at least it's there. It's basically a second Settings window.

The lock screen also slides up with spacebar. Or you can just start typing your password and it shows you the text box after the first letter.
No. In the VN, neither Mayuri or Maho were around during this conversation. Okabe hung up on his own (not Maho) after realizing he's seeing Amadeus too much like the Kurisu he knew.

It's not hard to depict in a VN. The S;G0 VN frequently switches perspective to other characters. There's a different scene where Mayuri overhears Okabe talking about something else and runs off.
I'm surprised she mentioned the personal forks and spoons considering how embarrassed the original Kurisu was about it.
They've shown that Amadeus isn't a perfect replica of how the brain works, so with the info given by the anime so far it's up in the air whether that ability remains. [Minor VN spoilers](/s "Amadeus briefly seems to have memories from the alpha world line Kurisu during one of the endings and Maho later asks herself if that was reading steiner")
Maho and Amadeus don't know about Hououin Kyouma.
No, it's not possible. ChromeOS encrypts all user data so after a reset you can't decrypt it anymore for any sort of data recovery tools.
This is with loops like "for (int i = n; i-- != 0; )", right?

In most cases, I'd consider unnecessary reverse iterating a premature optimization that you shouldn't use except in very specific circumstances. Some potential consequences include:

* Forward iterating is much more familiar to most programmers. It'll take them longer to read and understand your code, especially if you don't comment with why you're looping backwards.
* It falls apart as soon as you want to do I/O or basically anything else in your loop that isn't processing elements of an array completely independent of each other. This might mean confusing log messages or various other errors due to mixing up the order of everything.
* Potential for infinite loops if someone tries implementing an unsigned loop like "for (size_t i = n; i >= 0; i--)"
* Compilers often won't actually generate the machine code you describe. x86 GCC (with optimization) for example tends to produce reverse-loop code like "sub ebx, 1; cmp ebx, -1; jne .loop_start" instead of the "sub ebx, 1; je .loop_end" you might expect. I don't have an ARM compiler handy right now but I'd expect similar results. Forward loops usually won't have the extra LOAD you describe because that value can stay in a register.

In some cases it can even reduce the performance of your code. For example, crossing page boundaries:

    struct foo { uint8_t arr1[2048]; uint8_t arr2[4096]; uint8_t arr3[2048]; };
    struct foo *ptr = some_4kb_aligned_address;
    int i;
    // writes 2048 bytes to page 1
    for (i = 2048; i-- > 0; ) ptr->arr1[i] = func1(i);
    // writes 2048 bytes to page 2 then 2048 bytes to page 1
    for (i = 4096; i-- > 0; ) ptr->arr2[i] = func2(i);
    // writes 2048 bytes to page 2
    for (i = 2048; i-- > 0; ) ptr->arr3[i] = func3(i);

Assuming 4kB pages and not including stack pages or whatever memory those functions touch, this code writes some data to page 1, page 2, page 1, then page 2. In more complicated code this can be much more likely to result in cache misses. Of course, you can mitigate this by accessing the struct members in reverse order.
The problem with real-life examples is you'll find people who disagree about what is *right*

Ultron and Skynet are much less likely to see (and downvote/flame) a reddit post than someone who supports eugenics. 
With primitive types, that's not even a matter of optimization; if you discard the result, both operations are the same and compile to the same machine code on any noteworthy compiler or architecture with optimization disabled. It's just an "inc" or "add 1" instruction, possibly surrounded by memory load+store.

With non-primitive types in C++, postfix and prefix operators are defined as separate functions. The compiler might be able to optimize away the difference only if the functions are fully defined in the current translation unit and have no other side effects.
The original quote in context basically means "Even though your reasoning is correct, that doesn't mean your actions are morally right."

For example, a supervillain who wants to eliminate warfare by eradicating humanity fits this description.
fyi Switch benefits way more from getting the PD port than a Pixel does. Swapping a Pixel XL from a USB A to the USB PD port gives you at most 50% more power (12W -> 18W or less); swapping an undocked Nintendo Switch from a USB A to the USB PD port gives you 140% more power (7.5W -> 18W). Switch also burns through power a lot faster than a phone.

If your car trips aren't long enough for the amount of charge you want after getting out of the car, you might want to consider a battery pack.
You can use a USB A to C cable with one of the other ports. The 12W that Pixel can draw from them isn't that much lower than what it usually takes from PD.

I don't think there are any chargers with multiple PD ports. Manufacturers usually seem to prioritize supporting as much power as they can to one port instead of dividing it between two.
>systems where values can fail both x≤y and y≤x

Every system that uses floats (IEEE 754) does this with NaN. Any comparison returns false if either side is a NaN.
I don't recommend doing that. Phones tend to have problems with Nintendo's charger.

Some of them won't charge at all from it, some others won't charge from it when they're at low battery, and the rest will just charge slowly.
Yes, it does. Your own test with the Pixel charger confirms it.

USB voltages vary by up to +/- 5% from the negotiated  level. "9V" means anything in the range 8.55V-9.45V. You saw 8.70V, which does fall in that range.
That's not what it means. A 56 kOhm pullup resistor on CC means that the connected charger does not support the USB Type-C Current method of advertising 3A (or 1.5A) support. The device can still negotiate more power draw through other means.

The Switch is not ignoring or misusing this information at all. Google Pixel devices, Samsung phones, Chromebooks, Macbooks, and many other USB-C devices do this same thing and can pull more than 0.9A over a USB-IF certified USB-C to USB-A cable when connected to a compatible charger.
The cable that bricked Benson's Chromebook will brick almost any other USB-C device, and the same flaw can exist on microUSB or lightning cables and affect almost any device that uses DC power. Different devices won't really save you from sending power to places that aren't meant to handle it. The USB Killer device, for example, is confirmed to brick the Switch.

Of course, that kind of horrifically broken cable is pretty rare.
Undocked Switch is basically looking for any PD charger. It doesn't care if the charger is 30W. It'll use 15V from any charger that supports it or 9V (or 12V) from other chargers that support that. Either way it only takes 18W at most.

Only the dock is picky like that, specifically requiring a charger that supports 15V with at least 2.6A (39W+) and even then not all of them work.
Yes, you can use Chromebook usbc chargers with an undocked Switch. They'll all give you great charging speeds. Google has fairly rigid requirements for how Chromebook chargers work so there aren't any weird misbehaving ones.
Switch supports 5V/9V/12V/15V. You can see 12V in some older PD laptop chargers like the Chromebook Pixel 2 one, which I own and tested.
There's nothing suspicious about that. USB-A ports on computers or other devices shouldn't give more than 0.5A to any USB 2.0 device, but dedicated USB-A chargers can give more with systems like USB BC or QuickCharge.

With good cables, Switch in particular supports 2A from the iPad charger, up to 1.5A from most other USB-A dedicated chargers, or 0.5A from general-purpose USB-A ports on desktops, laptops, TVs, etc. A bad cable without the 56 kOhm resistor makes it ignore all that and assume everything supports 3A, while good cables make it respect what each charger supports like a microUSB device would.
Charging speed mainly comes from power, not voltage. Even though the Pixel charger doesn't support 15V, Switch draws as much power at lower voltages like 9V or 12V by taking more current. Power = Voltage×Amps

In your tests, both chargers are giving around 9-10W. In more demanding tests, Switch can take about 18W from both. It won't take more than 9-10W from the 5V-only Nexus 6P charger at any battery level because Switch seems limited to drawing less than 2A.
Like most other rechargeable devices, Switch's battery level matters a lot more to charging power draw than just whether it's at 100% or not. You'll get drastically different results at for example 90%, 75%, and 25%. Generally, Switch draws up to about 18W in handheld mode when its battery is nearly depleted but never more than 2A. OP's examples seem to be measured at a relatively high battery level.

With some chargers, the amount of current that Switch decides to pull can randomly vary with each plug/unplug cycle. This can be as drastic as going from 1.2A to 0.4A (both at 15V) with the same charger, same cable, and same battery level. Anker PowerPort+ 5, UGREEN chargers, and certain models/revisions of RAVPower batteries seem to be especially prone to this.

The Pixel charger and Anker PowerPort Speed are among the chargers that I know consistently charge roughly as fast as Nintendo's when undocked.

Here's an old thread I made last year based on my observations from similarly basic tests: https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/6jnkl4/list_of_recommended_switch_usbc_chargers/
BT connectivity varies by device, but it shouldn't be anywhere near as bad as you're seeing.

My Nexus 5X almost always worked perfectly with Bluetooth in my car. Since upgrading to a Pixel 1 I notice the sound often cuts out for a second. With both devices there were just a couple times Bluetooth stopped working altogether until rebooting the phone.
Sometimes I use vim on a system I haven't configured yet. Or a Windows system I'm not allowed to make registry changes to.

I tend to prefer Ctrl+C over Escape in those situations because it's easier to press. It's not technically the same functionality, but close enough.
KH3 is already very much not "classic" Disney, with every new world announced (and rumored) so far being either Pixar or a 3DCG Disney movie released in the 2010s. Big Hero 6 is Marvel too.

That said, I like the way animated Disney characters fit in with KH a lot better than something like Pirates, Tron, Star Wars, or Marvel Studios.
If a link you tap in another app opens in normal Chrome, you can simply press Back once to both close the tab and return to the app you came from. This should work as long as the page doesn't screw with the back button (with redirects) and you don't switch tabs or apps.
Who needs "if" and "else" when you can declare arrays of two function pointers (or functors) and index them with a bool?
This survey is very deserving of the most accurate data, like my password of "hunter2", my credit card number being 11037, and my mother's favorite anime is probably "A Certain Scientific Online Survey School Battle From Another World Can't Be This Cute!!"

Needless to say, I don't support anything unless Kizuna Ai endorses it.
I honestly doubt that's the actual reason. It seems more likely they omitted it because 6P didn't have it (because 6P is metal) and they didn't want 5X to be better than the 6P in any way because 5X was meant to be the cheaper and lower-tier option. The engineers can't admit that, so they turned the answer into paraphrased "you don't need Qi anyway"
The dock won't even try using a PowerCore+ anyway because it rejects anything less than 39W and Anker only supports 30W.

Edit: This means that, if you connected the dock to the PowerCore it wouldn't hurt anything and the Switch screen would light up inside the dock with this error: https://imgur.com/lwuWEcI
Samsung devices include a QC charger, but they also work with PD ones. Other QC devices don't support PD until QC4.0 which only one phone supports so far.
Probably. There might be some other weird compatibility quirks, especially with chargers that support more than 60W, but nothing harmful. Just slow or no charging. RAVPower isn't perfectly compliant either, but it's good enough.
Yeah, that's possible, and as far as I know this shutdown isn't technically required by the PD spec, but sharing a power limit between two PD ports is so complicated and sensitive that it really is necessary in practice. There are probably plenty of other devices with a similar problem.

In the first place, I don't think there's any charger like this on the market yet. Multi-port chargers usually avoid this complication by making each port's limit independent of the other ports' states so every port can be at max load at the same time. Google's discontinued 22.5W charger has power sharing between two USB-C ports, but without PD.
Yes, when docked. That's one of the "bugs" I mentioned.

As far as I know that issue doesn't apply when undocked and it's caused by the extra power draw needed for docked mode.
Here's a simple explanation of the communication involved in the bug OP's linked posts describe:

**Charger:** Hi, I'm a charger.  
**Switch dock:** Hello charger. What do you support?  
**Charger:** I have 15V at up to 3A or a few other things  
**Switch dock:** Cool. I like 15V. I think I only need 0.5A of it.  
**Charger:** Sure. Here's 15V.  
**Switch dock:** \*takes 1.5A\*

For most chargers, this isn't really a problem. They can handle more than 1.5A anyway and there isn't much reason to have charging logic specifically limiting it to the requested 0.5A.

It's theoretically possible for a charger to have several PD ports, which might lead to a situation like:  
**Laptop:** Can I have 15V at 2A?  
**Charger:** Sure. I can spare that much since Switch only wanted 0.5A of my 3A.  
**Laptop:** \*tries to take 2A\*  
**Charger:** Hold on, I'm confused. Why are you guys trying to take more than 3A combined? I give up. \*shuts down\*  
**Switch and Laptop:** I'm not charging anymore.
Actually, Nintendo's charger does have problems with some phones. At 5V, it only supports 1.5A, but some phones (like Nexus 5X) and other devices like power banks will try to draw more than that. Nintendo's charger turns itself off when this happens, so the phone stops charging.
Everything in that list works fine with the Switch. Hardly anything there supports the dock in the first place, and the ones I listed that do can handle this PD bug fine.

I still stick by my recommendation to stick with Nintendo's charger for the dock: the compatible alternatives tend to be a lot more expensive and Nintendo's charger isn't very good for portable use so you might as well keep it connected to the dock. This PD bug is just another incentive not to bother with others.

My post is archived anyway.
That's not what's going on at all. 15V is part of the USB Power Delivery standard. Switch can safely draw 5V, 9V, 12V, or 15V in handheld mode depending on what the charger supports and it uses USB Power Delivery to request the right voltage.

The docking is nonstandard because of the way it handles video, as you can tell by the fact that laptop HDMI dongles don't work, and the docking Power Delivery implementation has some bugs.
I think the charger compatibility issues are oversight stemming from using just a couple Apple chargers as a reference and not considering anything else. Nintendo's charger is similar to Apple's 29W one for the slim Macbooks. Switch has much better compatibility with Apple's 10W and 12W iPad chargers than basically any other USB A charger on the market, even including iPad imitators like Anker IQ. Standard 3A USB-C chargers don't work as well as you'd expect.

The weird way the dock works is more like negligence. It spits out DisplayPort video data without doing the DP Alt Mode handshaking that is normally expected with USB-C video ouput. The dock has bugs with third-party chargers. There's no DRM, secret keys, encryption, or anything else you'd see if they were deliberately trying to block third-party stuff from working.
It's best not to try this. Some phones (like Nexus 5X) try to overdraw it.

Phones that don't have this issue will just charge at up to 7.5W, which is much slower than your phone's included charger.
All the parts are not compliant. What's "fine" varies.

* Switch has a lot of compatibility quirks with third-party chargers, but as far I know any chargers that are safe with most other USB-C devices are also safe with the Switch. They might just give it less power than you'd expect. For example, Switch will draw less than 8W from some 30W USB-PD chargers. I'd stay away from QuickCharge ports just in case.
* The dock has all sorts of quirks and interoperability issues. Stick with the official one and don't try putting anything but a Switch in it.
* Don't connect any non-Nintendo device to Nintendo's Switch AC adapter. Some devices (verified with Nexus 5X and some power banks) have concerning behavior with it.

If nothing else, at least the Pro Controller and its included cable don't have any USB-related issues I know about.
We don't. Several of them are actually unused placeholders, like KERN-C.

You can read details about these partitions at https://www.chromium.org/chromium-os/chromiumos-design-docs/disk-format
Re:Super Smash Bros 4.5 HD Unchained Subspace Memories Final Mix days - A fragmentary passage & Sora featuring Cloud from the Final Fantasy series
Linear Bounded Phenogram is nice. I'll buy this release for that alone. I really don't like the Elite changes and it sounds like there's no option to disable them.

There's no way I'm buying this twice for S;G 8bit.

The only Steins;Gate game without an announced official translation now is Hiyoku Renri no Darling, which isn't a terrible loss. There's a subbed playthrough of it on YouTube.
Coded was originally an episodic release, so part of it released before 358/2 Days and part of it released after Birth by Sleep.

I'd say the better order is 358/2 Days, Birth by Sleep, then Re:coded.
ChromeOS has a read-only rootfs, which is the only way doing things like this makes any sense. Ubuntu Snappy attempts to do something similar, since installing snaps doesn't require the same sort of root changes as apt-get.

If you remove rootfs verification on developer mode ChromeOS, automatic updates don't really work well. After all, if you make changes to one rootfs, then the updater runs on the other root partition and swaps them at next boot, any of the changes you made would be lost. Similarly, after you do this, you can't get a true factory reset without using Chrome Recovery Media (like OP's USB drive) to basically reinstall ChromeOS from scratch.

The closest equivalent on other distros is wiping your /home partition, but because you almost definitely made some changes to root, /usr, /etc, and more, this is nothing close to a factory reset.
Yeah, Linux Chrome builds can do this too. Only ChromeOS can't. This bugs me a lot. I've tried to figure out workarounds, like the --user-data-dir commandline option in developer mode, but because Chrome handles windowing (in ChromeOS builds) it all crashes when I try to use two sessions at once.

 As far as I can tell,  the only way to get multiple Chrome sessions running at once on a Chromebook is to use Chrome for Linux though Crouton, GalliumOS, etc
It's not that baffling. Portable came later but PSP's technical limitations prevented it from having all the same features, and Atlus simply hasn't made a new version of Persona 3 since then. Nintendo does the same thing with many GBA/DS/3DS ports like Yoshi's Island, Super Mario 64, etc. Vita and Switch are the first handhelds that can have no-compromise ports.

More baffling is the fact that Atlus tries to erase the P3P female protag from existence with all the spinoff games.
Hopefully with all the features of both P3 FES and Portable
You can calculate that with (1 - 0.0625)^250

The chance of a 6.25% success rate perfectly-random event failing 250 consecutive times is just under one in ten million. You can easily conclude that either this isn't meant to be equal-probability randomness or the game uses a bad PRNG algorithm or seed.
Round icons were introduced with Android 7.1 and Android 8.0 expanded the feature to "Adaptive Icons" that can be squares, rounded squares, teardrops, or any other shape.

The shape you see is determined by the OEM, so if you use Pixel phones for example you'll see circles by default on both 7.1 and 8. The launcher can sorta give you the option to see other shapes (on 8.0+) but it doesn't work as well as changing the system setting with root.
Google often makes decent UI guidelines, but they never actually follow their own guidelines.

They're especially bad about tablets.
I have one of those Sony TVs and also a Nexus Player.

I have a lot of problems with Sony's software but none of them are because of Android TV. Almost every time I wake my Sony PS4 Pro from rest mode, my Sony TV needs a reboot before it actually sees a picture. The TV crashes and reboots itself very often. "Unfortunately Netflix has stopped" pops up sometimes even though I never use that app. Android updates tend to come more than a year late.

I think Sony (or MediaTek, the SoC vendor) threw bad kernel bugs, broken HDCP, and broken CEC on top of Android TV. Nexus Player has old hardware with no 4K and tiny storage space, but works fine.
Most of the variance comes from companies not following the spec. If you can assume everything follows the spec, the consumers' rules for USB charging are pretty simple:

1. if your USB charger supports X watts and your device can use up to Y watts, you'll get whichever number is lower.
2. Certain devices won't work if X<Y
3. You need a special cable for anything higher than 60W, otherwise you're limited to 60W
4. You can otherwise use any cable that fits in the ports and get the expected charging speed with basically no risk of damage

It's not that simple in reality because Qualcomm QuickCharge, Dash Charge, broken USB-C implementations, and lots of PD stuff that doesn't obey Power Rules exist.

Edit: It's even simpler for phones, since points 2 and 3 really shouldn't apply to any phones.
No, Nintendo's charger is actually really bad at compatibility. It's completely unusable with the Nexus 5X, some USB-C battery banks, and more. It charges Pixel and every other USB-C phone so slow that USB-A chargers are better.

It probably won't break anything, at least, but it's really not meant to be used with any hardware that wasn't manufactured by Nintendo.
QuickCharge on USB-C ports has a design flaw known as "Vbus hot" which effectively can backfeed power and breaks some good-quality C-to-C cables.

QuickCharge on USB-A ports is mostly benign, but not completely without problems. A small number of devices can be permanently destroyed by them, including most notably Sony's PlayStation controllers.
A main carrier's policies of throttling and data caps aren't necessarily reflected in MVNO services using that same network. For example, Binge On doesn't exist on any other carrier that uses T-Mobile's network, such as Google Fi.

With T-Mobile, it's not just Binge On that screws with the idea of net neutrality. They also have "Music Freedom" which exempts certain popular music streaming services from data caps. For "Unlimited" customers, they (try to) set a data cap on any traffic coming from tethering.

I use T-Mobile because it seems like the lesser evil in both policies and pricing.
4k vs 720p should never significantly affect the readability of text on a living room TV. If it's so small that the glyph details get lost at 720p, it's too small for people to read from all the varying living room configurations and ratios of sofa distance to screen size even for people who have 4k TVs.

Plenty of recent games are bad enough with this that I had to move a chair close to my TV even though I don't have a particularly small TV (50" 4K), large living room, or uncorrected vision issues. Dragon Quest Builders was one of the worse offenders I've played in recent memory and it's not even playable on PC.
In 2012, metal phones weren't anywhere near as common as they are now. Most flagship devices used plastic, which works perfectly fine with Qi.

I'll take the Nexus 5's plastic over the Nexus 4's glass back any day.
Yeah, I think they both work just as well with Switch.
I'm glad this made it in for the LTS. I'm not a fan of Android 8.0 emoji (Nougat was way better) so I'll probably try EmojiOne or Twemoji instead.

Thankfully desktop distros don't force me to stick with the default font like my phone does.
I'd say that the varying charging speeds is pretty bad, since reportedly it often means you can't even charge while playing.

No, that's the only problem with it as far as I know other than arguably price.
This practice is known as [Tivoization](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tivoization).

Android is open-source thanks to the GPLv2 (Linux kernel) and Apache 2 (the rest of Android) licenses. With GPLv2, open-source means the kernel code is totally free to download/analyze/modify but the license doesn't have any hardware mandates, so the device can reject your custom builds. It's even more complicated because some OEMs violate the GPLv2 license and because all devices have closed-source software installed.

The GPLv3 license has rules meant to prevent locked-down hardware like this, but Android does not use any GPLv3 software. Google intentionally avoids GPL for everything except the kernel, sometimes even by making their own alternatives like bionic instead of glibc or toybox instead of busybox.

Effectively, the freedom of "open-source" with respect to Android is applicable to OEMs (anyone who makes and controls their hardware can make AOSP run on it even without Google's approval, like Amazon does) and researchers (any released source code can be analyzed for security flaws and backdoors), but not necessarily to end-users.
The charger included with all iPhone models is insufficient to charge the Switch while playing any kind of game no matter what cable you use. The only Apple chargers I recommend are made for iPad (10W or 12W) or MacBooks (61W or 87W).

microUSB cables vary a lot in how much power they can carry. A lot of them won't give you more than a small fraction of the power you should get with something like the 12W iPad charger, only some can handle it. It's easier to avoid microUSB adapters. USB A to USB C cables shouldn't have this issue.

Switch doesn't have a perfectly reliable battery meter, especially when you use weak chargers. Sometimes it looks like it's not plugged in even when it's actually charging.

No, Switch is not compatible with that Samsung charger. It can only get 9V from chargers that say they support "USB Power Delivery". Samsung chargers don't.
Just use Nintendo's charger for the dock. If you really want something else, look at the top comment above. Plenty of 45W USB-C laptop chargers should work but they tend to cost $50+.

What Samsung device did you get that charger from?
Vita is sorta hybrid too thanks to the PlayStation TV. Although the handheld and TV console are separate devices, they can play most of the same games with the same cartridges running on basically the same hardware.

Switch already is like a Vita successor with Disgaea for example. The previous games had enhanced handheld ports on PSP and Vita, but 5 moved to Switch.
DisplayLink does depend on kernel support. AOSP added it with 5.0 Lollipop. I haven't tried it but I'm pretty sure Pixel didn't strip out this feature (unlike Miracast, which Nexus devices used to have but now you need root to enable it by changing just one configuration option). The Sentio Superbook for example seems to use DisplayLink and they claim it works with the Pixel phone.

If Android doesn't automatically enable and mirror to DisplayLink adapters, you might need to install a third-party DisplayLink app, so it might be less convenient than native output. Performance might be poor with any video or game content.
Yes, DisplayLink should work. That's what the USB-A HDMI adapters use. Combine it with the USB-C adapter to plug it into a Pixel.

Not having a native video output over USB-C like most other Android devices sucks, but at least there's something.
I'm surprised the European version doesn't include a case.

The American one does. It's pictured on the listings at Amazon and other sites.
There's no reason USB-C output needs to be exclusive to bigger batteries, but 4 months after that comment I still haven't seen any manufacturer make a smaller one. Even Anker keeps making new models without any kind of USB-C output.
>some Samsung device chargers are fast enough I've found

Which ones? What Samsung device did it come with? I've seen a lot of reports that Samsung's Adaptive Fast Chargers barely give Switch any power (~2.5W) and can't keep up with any kind of gameplay at all.
A case is vital, but the Mario bundle includes one.

SD card is important if you plan on buying any digital games or DLC. Note that the Odyssey download code takes almost 6GB alone. 128GB cards are enough for most people.

If you travel any, you'll want an extra charger. I recommend the Apple 12W iPad charger (cheap and small) or the Google 18W Pixel charger (faster charging and still fairly small). Battery packs like Anker PowerCore are popular if you're not around outlets often.
I agree, and frankly I feel like they need to make that before Switch can fully replace the 3DS or at least before Pokémon releases.

It's cheaper and more durable than the current Switch model, so generally more kid-friendly. Most existing ads for Switch are targeted at young adults.
Unlike Moto Z, Switch does not support analog audio over USB-C. You need a digital adapter. I believe the one that Google sells for Pixel 2 should work.
You can. When Microsoft announced the Xbox One, they said you can't and that all physical games need to be activated online before first use. After all the backlash, they changed that before the system launched.
No. Switch is incredibly picky about which USB-A chargers it treats as "good". The only readily-available ones I'm aware of are Apple's 10W and 12W chargers. Everything else is at best "okay" with that cable, including other 12W chargers.

See the OP FAQ "How well will my phone's charger work?".  That applies to tablets too.
Transferring user profiles isn't the save backups we want, but it's still a big deal.

I was always disappointed that the Wii U never supported this. On Wii U, the only way to transfer a profile is to do a full system transfer of everything.

You can share your Switch with someone who doesn't have a Switch yet without making them lose all their data when they get their own system. This is especially important for a hybrid console because sharing makes more sense on TV consoles and having your own makes more sense on handhelds.

I'm glad this feature isn't restricted to accounts that have a subscription to the paid online service. I was worried you'd need to use cloud saves for it.
Honestly, it's not 100% confirmed. I added it to the list because I'm confident that Google has good USB PD implementations that are compliant and should perfectly match existing 45W chargers (like Dell's) that are proven to work with the dock.

The only substantial difference is that PixelBook's charger has a detachable USB-C cable, which has some implementation consequences but shouldn't affect compatibility as long as you use a cable with Type-C on both ends.

Yes, the PixelBook charger as well as every other charger that works with the Switch dock can be used undocked to charge at great (18W) speeds. They're a lot bigger and pricier than undocked-only alternatives like the 18W Pixel phone charger.
You don't necessarily *need* a USB C one. It depends on how you're planning to use the battery pack.

If you notice Switch's battery level is low, like maybe right when you get the battery level alert popup, take out the battery and plug the Switch in. Keep it plugged in and you can still keep playing until the external battery is depleted. Whether the built-in battery level fluctuates up or down at various points doesn't matter unless you waited until the Switch was basically dead to plug it in; it'll generally increase very slowly.

With a USB PD battery, you can plug it in for a few minutes and then unplug it and play without the cable for a while. You can't do that with a USB A battery, but that's not necessarily worth paying twice as much for.

That said, if you do get a USB A battery, don't get the one you linked unless you want QuickCharge. The older PowerCore batteries are cheaper for the same capacity.
Even though it isn't labeled as QuickCharge, PowerIQ 2.0 is effectively the same thing. Only QuickCharge-compatible devices can get 18W from that. Some non-QC devices get 12W from that, others like Switch only get 7.5W.
Switch does not support QuickCharge, which is the only way power banks can advertise something like 18W over USB A. Every kind of USB-A Anker charger gives Switch 7.5W no matter what it advertises. To get any more than that, you need USB-C, optionally with PD.

Over an average BotW gameplay session at max volume and brightness, 7.5W should be barely enough to charge the Switch. It's not enough in some rare parts of the game so you'll lose charge then but gain it back when you go somewhere else.
No, it hasn't been fixed. On the page I linked from my earlier comment, you can click the star near the top of the page to be notified when any progress happens. It also tells Google that more people are interested in this fix.

Unfortunately, [Nexus 5X is no longer guaranteed to receive any non-security Android updates](https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/4457705?hl=en), so I suspect this issue might be dropped and never fixed.

Even if it is fixed, I don't recommend using the Nintendo charger with any phone or other device that isn't made by Nintendo. It's really slow because of compatibility issues.
OP's link effectively says so. The adapter is called a "USB-C Digital to 3.5 mm headphone adapter"

It converts from digital audio to an analog headphone jack. It's active.

[Here's another source from a Google employee](https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/phone-by-google/Yvy0RfOPFfU): "Pixel 2 does not support an analog audio signal over USB-C"
> Switch requires 8.75W to run and USB-A will bottleneck you at 7.5W. Unless you are playing smaller games you will lose charge while playing.

I disagree. Even when playing something like Breath of the Wild the Switch will almost (but not quite) never consume more than 7.5W. Unless you're intentionally stress-testing it you'll see the battery level climb *up* extremely slowly on average over a single-player gameplay session.

If you somehow manage to have problems with this, just turn the brightness down a little or disable wifi.

Switch is capable of pulling 10W over USB-A, but the compatibility is so picky you won't easily find batteries that work with it. It supports this with Apple's iPad wall chargers for example.
It's a hassle to put on if the back of your neck isn't exposed. I have long hair. Some people wear jackets with hoods.

You also have to wrap/unwrap the wire every time you use the case.
Dell has a 45W USB C charger that will work perfectly with Pixelbook. They sell it on its own in America for US$50 and I'm guessing it should have an Australian version too.
It's pseudocode, but Python has an "in" keyword that works like that.
> That's cause Google doesn't own or control the network at all.

Why doesn't Google Voice have RCS? Google fully owns and controls it. That shouldn't be blocked at all by carriers. (I use T-Mobile)
> The Nexus 5X doesn't draw any power from the Switch charger 

Yes, that's because of the Android bug I linked. Nexus 5X briefly tries to draw power from the Switch charger, but it gets confused and tries to draw too much. The Switch charger promptly shuts off completely in order to avoid damage, so charging stops.

Oddly, that issue doesn't affect any other Google phones, not even the Nexus 6P which has otherwise identical charging capabilities. Even without this bug, they get pretty bad charging speeds.

>It also doesn't support USB-PD

Every USB-PD charger also works as a non-PD USB-C charger. You can use any other safe USB-PD charger with the Nexus 5X.
[I made a huge thread in /r/NintendoSwitch about using other chargers](https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/6jnkl4/list_of_recommended_switch_usbc_chargers/)

Basically, yes. Switch supports 5V/9V/12V/15V PD undocked. Docked mode requires 15V with at least 39W with some exceptions. The 45W Pixelbook charger for example should work with both.
Yes, the old Chromebook Pixel 2 60W charger works great with Dell laptops

but the new Pixelbook has a less powerful charger. Chromebook Pixel 2 needed 20V to hit 60W, but you can have 45W with just 15V/3A.

Even though XPS 13 only takes 45W, it can't use 15V.

I'd like to see a source for this, but Google Store doesn't say what voltages are supported for the new one.
Dell XPS 13 cannot charge at all from any charger that doesn't support 20V. Does Google's 45W charger have that? It's not required by USB Power Delivery 3.0.
Nintendo's charger is 39W and is not USB-PD Power Rules compliant. It has awful compatibility with everything.

Pixel 2 will only get 7.5W from it. 6P, Pixel 1, and Pixel XL are the same. [Nexus 5X bugs out and overdraws it](https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=268450). Several USB-C battery packs have the same issue with it.

Don't use it with anything but the Switch.
Yes, it does. Some other chargers that work include Anker's PowerPort 1 Speed 30W, Dell's 45W USB-C charger, and Apple's 61W and 87W MacBook Pro chargers.
No. The 60W Chromebook Pixel 2 charger uses an older version of USB PD and only supports 5V/12V/20V.

Pixel 2 won't get any more than 15W from that charger because it requires 9V for anything higher.
That's a fair enough reason.

I don't even have the dongle because I always used the speaker. I'll admit that means I missed out on stereo. I care a lot about the link cable port because of GameCube connectivity.

Also, GBA SP (AGS-101) is the only non-modded option for playing GBC carts with a backlight. GB Light can't play GBC games and is much rarer.
I like the SP, especially the second revision with a better screen. It's my favorite device to use for playing all GB/GBC/GBA and some GameCube games.

GB Micro is too small, can't play GB/GBC games, and loses the normal link cable port.

There are adapters that give you a headphone jack from the GBA SP charging port. It wasn't included with the system.
Never having a feature in the first place is a little different from losing it. Nintendo has never had Bluetooth audio support on any of their systems (unless you count the Wii Remote), although Vita, PS3, and everything else does. It still sucks either way, yes. Save backups are in the same boat.

GBA SP, iPhone 7, and Pixel 2 all remove headphone jacks that the previous iterations had.

Hopefully Apple and Google never copy Nintendo's removal of Wi-Fi from the Wii Mini.
After I saw that Google's headphone adapter uses digital, I'm not surprised Pixel doesn't support analog audio over USB-C.

I'm guessing analog-over-USBC won't catch on. We'll have separate DACs in every adapter and headset instead.

I'm still disappointed Google dropped video output from their phones. Is there any word yet on whether Pixel 2 supports it? I doubt it. We'll probably have to wait until Apple copies Samsung's DeX for Google to copy Apple and by extension bring back a feature they already had in 2012.
It "comes with a headphone jack"

but it's not attached to the phone. It's on an adapter that comes in the box.
Nintendo did it before either of them with Game Boy Advance SP.
>this can cause MORE hacking

It does. Not being able to back up certain Wii saves like Brawl and Mario Kart is the entire reason I use homebrew on my Wii.

With Switch it's even worse because every game has this problem, not just a few, and it's a handheld system which means there's so much more that can go wrong.
Actually, they do skimp on that. Pro Controller can only charge with at most 0.5A (2.5W) no matter what charger you use.

SNES Mini comes with a 1.5A charger (except in Europe), but it clearly doesn't draw that much.
If you do front-end development, you really should have Internet Explorer for testing with all its broken quirks.

Other than that, Linux is great for web development, though you'll need crouton. Crouton integrates really well with the terminal (vim+git+tmux+ssh go a long way) and you can open GUI stuff like Sublime through it too.

Pixel laptops have fantastic displays for programming. Good resolution, aspect ratio, contrast, etc.
USB-C allows but doesn't require analog audio support. Here's a quote directly from the USB-C specification:

>While USB Type-C does include definition of an analog audio adapter accessory (see Appendix A), that solution requires a separate adapter that can be readily lost and the host implementation in support of analog audio is technically challenging. To best serve the user experience, a simplified USB Type-C digital audio solution based on native USB protocol is simpler/more interoperable

Google doesn't even use analog audio for the headphone adapter they include with the Pixel 2. [It's digital](https://store.google.com/us/product/usb_c_headphone_adapter).
Why would you think this uses USB-C Audio Accessory Mode? The product description says it "improves audio performance". At this price and size, there's definitely a DAC in it.

The requirements only say "USB-C enabled device". Most USB-C devices don't support analog audio.

Edit: I don't know if Pixel 2 even supports analog audio at all. Even [Google's bundled headphone adapter](https://store.google.com/us/product/usb_c_headphone_adapter) specifically says it's digital.
[Google says Assistant works with French (from both Canada and France) and Japanese](https://support.google.com/assistant/answer/7394513). Why aren't Pixel phones sold in France or Japan? Nexus was in both of those countries. English/German/French covers more than just two countries in all of Europe.
Pixel lost so many countries that Nexus 5X and 6P had.

In addition to the 6 Pixel regions, Nexus also had Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Hong Kong, Italy, Japan, Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, and Taiwan.

Pixel 2 didn't add back support for a single one of those.
That's false.

At least with digital audio, you can have USB Power Delivery working at the same time for the same charging speeds through an adapter as without it.
Yes, there aren't many good USB-C power banks yet. All of them are large (20100+ mAh) and fairly expensive.

For now, I think it's generally better to stick with USB-A battery banks and a good USB A-to-C cable. I use Anker's PowerCore 13000 with my Pixel.

USB-A is a bit slower, but I don't think the difference is huge: Anker gives 12W (2.4A) per USB-A port, while the Pixel can get up to 15W (non-XL) or 18W (XL) from USB-C chargers. That's about 20% less.
I agree. Not just for charging, also supporting USB-C for video input without an adapter would be nice for any phone with wired video-out support, which is basically every non-Google flagship
It's too bad Google phones have such limited video output options now.

Nexus 4 and 5 supported both USB-to-HDMI and Miracast, which makes them way more convenient to use with this than the newer Chromecast-only (unless rooted) Nexus and Pixel phones.
Picross DS was my first Picross game. I hated its touch controls and moved to buttons right away.

Switch has a capacitive touch screen without a stylus, so I think touch makes even less sense. The grid is too small.

Well, having more features doesn't hurt.
The point of backups is that if you get a different system you can still copy your saves to it. How's that going to work if the serial number is different?

If the solution is "type the old serial number on the new system when importing", consider this: just one person can go through the trouble of bypassing it and distribute the exploited save file with a serial and very simple instructions for using it.

That said, having keys tied to your Nintendo Account would solve this.
Game data is stored on SD cards, but it's encrypted with a unique per-console key. Doing that with save data would completely defeat the point of a backup since you can't read it on another system.

Without per-console encryption or signing, just one person can dump the Switch's OS files and upload the keys online for everybody to use for freely modifying save data.

I don't like it or agree with it, but I'm pretty sure that's Nintendo's justification for having no SD save backups. They did this with Wii U too.
The most common way to hack a game console is to use a tampered save file. Certain games can break when fed those files in a way that lets attackers run homebrew.

For example, Twilight Princess (Wii) breaks if your horse's name is absurdly long according to the save file.

Homebrew often opens up other exploits that can be used to make the OS load pirated games among other things.

If there's no way to transfer unencrypted saves to/from a computer, this entire attack vector is impractical. There's still other ways, of course.
With Vita dead, it'd be nice if Sony releases PS4 Remote Play apps for Switch or at least non-Xperia smartphones so there are other handheld options.

Sadly, I doubt they'd ever do that. Even if they claim Switch isn't a PS4 competitor they probably wouldn't endorse it like that.
It sounds like that charger should give Switch the best charging speeds and it might even work with the dock.

At that price I have doubts about its reliability, and that supposed QuickCharge support means it will cause problems with some other USB devices. Otherwise, it should be fine at least with the Switch.
The dock is pretty picky about charger compatibility because basically it's not meant to work with anything but Nintendo's bundled charger. None of the Anker or RAVPower batteries work with it.

The USB-C Razer Power Bank (12800mAh, $149.99) probably works with the Switch dock, but I don't think anybody has tested it. You won't find anything cheaper than that.

[Here's a thread with some wall charger recommendations](https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/6jnkl4/list_of_recommended_switch_usbc_chargers/)
What charger? I've never seen a Motorola one with 18W. I have their 15W charger and it works perfectly fine with the Switch.

Whatever charger you have is probably a USB-A charger for Qualcomm QuickCharge. Even if you use a USB-C cable with it, Switch doesn't support that very well.
No, Anker hasn't released a UK plug version yet. Plug adapters work. The Google Pixel charger does have a UK version but might have limited availability right now because Google's about to release new phones. Neither of them work with the dock; stick with Nintendo's charger for that.
1) No. To the Switch, that will charge significantly slower than the iPad charger, only 7.5W. For every other USB device ever made besides the Switch, each of those USB ports is equivalent to one 12W iPad charger.

2) Yes.

3) No. Undocked Switch takes 18W from the Nintendo charger, just under 10W from iPad chargers (the best you can get with that cable), and 7.5W from the charger you linked.
Nintendo does not and will not license any third-party chargers.

You can use a power strip or AC extension cable to get more length with Nintendo's charger. Nyko will soon release a third-party charger that works with the dock and is longer and cheaper.
Depends on the game. Some games include English translations in the Japan release, some don't. Some have a title with English letters even when the game itself isn't English.
Steins;Gate and Steins;Gate 0 already have US releases that have English text with Japanese audio. It's pretty likely this Elite version will get the same, but not for a while.

Because "dub" means voice-acting, no, there's no English dub. The anime has one but I doubt they'd dub new lines for this game.

This game genre is called visual novel. Most of them don't get translations, but a few do, especially really popular ones that got an anime like this.
I really like Steins;Gate, but I already played it twice (fan translation and Vita) so I'll pass. S;G 0 is great, I hope Switch players get a port of that too.

What does Elite add?

Switch is a really nice system for VNs, being a handheld with one large HD screen. I'm glad we'll see more of them as Switch effectively replaces Vita. Hopefully English releases become more common thanks to Switch being so much more successful than Vita in the US.
What creative solution? You basically have to either grind, throw enough potions at the problem, or get lucky enough with Sand Attack. That's not creative, that's basically forcing your way through. Growl helps, but probably not enough.

The first gym of a game meant to be fun for kids isn't the place you should be looking at for a challenge. This isn't even handholding.

Like I just said, Yellow and FRLG give you more options.
The original games don't have anything close to perfect balance. I think those changes make the game design better.

For example, running into a rock-type gym with a fire starter might encourage you to find another Pokémon that has a better type matchup if you actually paid attention to the NPCs. In Red/Blue, you won't find one. Mankey isn't available until later (Yellow and FRLG added it to Route 22), Nidoran doesn't learn Double Kick until at least level 40 (Yellow and FRLG fixed this too), Pikachu won't get you anywhere because every rock-type is also ground.

This is the very beginning of the game. It shouldn't be that hard. Stopping to grind isn't good. In FRLG, you have multiple options for overcoming this. You might not know your Charmander is about to learn Metal Claw when you reach the gym. Even if you stick with Charmander you still have to deal with its weaknesses in the first two gyms.
The original gen1 games (soon GS too) have the extra advantage over FRLG that, if you get Nintendo's official 3DS rerelease, you can transfer your Pokémon to the newer games.

You can't do that very easily with emulation. Messing with homebrew and tampering with your saves really isn't the same.

Even with legit FRLG carts it's a hassle: you need at least two more games (like Platinum and Black, both at post-league) and a DS that has a GBA slot. Pal Park and PokéTransfer are both slow and PokéTransporter doesn't even support gen 4 even though it really should easily be able to.

Also, messing with glitches in Red/Blue is fun.

That said, I definitely think FRLG are more enjoyable games. I've been playing Pokémon since 1998 but there's no denying the boxes, visuals, and mechanics improved a lot in gen3.
Up to 1.5A, yes, that higher charging current will probably remain forward-compatible forever.

You won't get the full 2A or 2.4A though. Most future devices won't support that system anymore because it's no longer allowed by the USB standard and was never part of it to begin with (designed by Apple)

USB-C chargers with 3A Type-C Current or PD should remain future compatible too.

Edit: Yes, of course your car's USB-A port won't give you speeds on par with newer chargers. Your expectations may change over time, but the power it gives will remain at 1.5A.
The USB-PD standard does allow higher currents. Most cables only support 3A, but you can find some that do 5A.

You could have, for example, a 27W charger that supports 5V/5A and 9V/3A. Devices designed to handle it could choose the higher-current option while other PD devices might prioritize a higher voltage.

Motorola's TurboPower USB-C chargers already do this. They use USB PD but they break the spec a bit because they don't have a 9V option.
The DRV3 demo is a lot like the demo of the first Danganronpa game: there's abridged character introductions followed by a joke case based on the first game. It's unique content.

It also adds Naegi and Hinata (DR1&2 protags) as bonus characters who aren't in the full game's story.
UDG = Danganronpa Another Episode: Ultra Despair Girls

It's a very different game from the rest of the series, with a genre more like puzzle-shooter instead of the main games' visual novel and murder mystery. It's originally Vita only but just got PC and PS4 ports this year.

I like it. I'd say it has my favorite story in the series so far.

There's one episode in the DR3 Future anime that focuses on its characters.
Switch already lets you use a wired connection over USB for the Pro Controllers since the 3.0.0 update in June. There are third-party wired-only controllers already available.

I don't know how good the latency actually is over USB.

Another advantage of the GameCube controller is that the joysticks have an octagonal gate, unlike Wii U and Switch controllers which use a circle.
Google Pixel 2 XL might when it's announced. Pixel XL already costs up to US$870 and it's consistently reported the Pixel 2 will cost even more.

The Pixel 1 already costs more than US$999 in most non-US countries with current exchange rates.
>html-design without css

tables all the way down
I didn't notice before that this adapter claims to support QC3.0. That's a red flag; QC3.0 and USB-PD cannot safely coexist in one charger port. Either the product listing is wrong or this isn't a compliant charger.

As far as I know this can't hurt the Switch at all, but it's not good for many other USB-C devices. In particular, make sure you never (even accidentally) connect a USB C-to-A cable to it. If you do, that will destroy anything the other side of that cable is connected to.

I don't like to recommend anything with Qualcomm QuickCharge.
Insignia is normally a decent brand. I don't doubt that's a good reliable charger.

The charger you linked is 15W (5V/3A, good), not 18W (9V/2A, best). Switch has issues with 15W chargers that makes it only get about 9-10W. That means it's only half as fast when the Switch is in sleep mode and even slower (maybe 1/4 speed) when actively playing a game.
USB isn't supposed to be that picky about voltage drop. Every voltage has a margin of at least 5% both ways.

USB-C 5V sources can have anything between 4.75-5.50V when no current is drawn. It's even more generous with higher currents, allowing a 3A source to provide anything between 4.0-5.5V.

I haven't tested how picky the Pixel phones are, but I seriously doubt getting something like 4.8V would stop it from drawing 3A.
There are USB adapters for the Wii Classic Controller plug that let you use these official Classic Edition controllers as normal gamepads with Android, Linux, Windows, etc.

Of course, if you get the controller you'll probably end up with the console too.

This isn't the first time Nintendo made SNES Classic Controllers. They were previously available at Club Nintendo in Japan about ten years ago. I don't think the new ones will be sold separately.
Bots don't need a date and can keep checking 24/7. Having an announced time helps the humans have a chance.
Nintendo already has an online store: https://store.nintendo.com

But it's not for high-demand products, they mainly offer stuff like refurbished consoles, accessories, and replacement parts.

Some of those accessories are pretty useful, like a large battery for the Wii U GamePad or replacement cases you can get for games that were sold used without one.

Edit: I just checked that site for the first time in a while. They actually have new games and amiibo now.
Don't forget that your Ethernet adapter needs power to operate. I don't think you can do this without a chip to handle PD or at least negotiating power and data roles. Mixing data host with downstream power is pretty iffy on a lot of devices.

You can find USB-C PD hubs for less than $50 on Amazon. Look for one that has reviews mentioning it works with your laptop model. Not many have a female USB-C port that supports data so you might be better off either getting one with built-in Ethernet or using a USB-A Ethernet adapter.
Anker has a newer PD charger that's a smaller and cheaper single-port alternative: the [PowerPort Speed 1](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B06Y427WT7). It has a better implementation of PD than Anker's other chargers for up to 30W. Pixel XL only uses up to 18W.

The USB-C spec has requirements that help avoid the voltage drops you saw, but a lot of 6ft+ cables are out of spec.

Your devices shouldn't be using USB BC 1.2 with a cable that has Type-C on both ends. Even if you see less than 3A, it's still Type-C Current.
Funny enough, after supporting wireless charging for three years in a row, Google decided to abandon it the same year as Samsung finally adopted it as a built-in feature.

2015 had the Galaxy S6 followed 7 months later by the Nexus 5X and 6P.

Samsung made official Qi receivers for the S4 and S5, but they weren't built-in until the S6.
Some cars already support Qi for charging phones. I think Toyota's Camry for example had it since the 2015 models.

IKEA has some furniture items with Qi built-in, like floor lamps and nightstands.
Most USB-A chargers are safe if you use them with a good cable. They're just slower: 12W or less instead of the 18W your Pixel XL gets from its included charger.

The SONEic charger is safe but it won't charge as fast as it should. Anker's recent cables are good, but some older ones weren't.

Google's charger is also sold on Groupon in bundles that usually include non-Google cables [like this](https://www.groupon.com/deals/gg-google-original-18w-plug-adapter-with-lg-usb-c-cable)

Anker's PowerPort 1 Speed is a good third-party charger that's just as fast as Google's at a decent price.
Probably because NAT (without UPnP) gives you no forwarded/open ports by default.

Of course, it's better to actually configure a firewall.
You're not going to find a noticeably smaller adapter that works with the dock. 45W chargers are big. Having a removable cable and foldable prongs can help.

It looks like C-Force recommends a 45W charger by Elecjet. The one you linked might be a rebranded version of that same charger.

Like they say in [this Kickstarter update] (https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/switch-con/switch-con-worlds-first-hdmi-hub-for-switch-and-s8/posts/1983477), using a third-party adapter has the advantage of letting you use the same charger with almost any USB-C phone. Don't do that with Nintendo's charger.
No, dock mode does not support 12V. It uses 15V and requires at least 2.6A. The adapter you linked claims to do both.

Nintendo's charger is 5V/1.5A and 15V/2.6A. It doesn't support 12V.

My Chromebook Pixel Charger has 5V/3A, 12V/3A, and 20V/3A. Although Switch supports the 12V output for fast charging when when undocked, this doesn't work with the dock. Similarly, 30W chargers don't work (15V/2A is too low) and MacBook Pro chargers don't work (no 15V support).

My Dell XPS 45W charger has 5V/3A, 9V/3A, 15V/3A, and 20V/2.25A. It works with the dock.

Look at my top comment in this thread for some other chargers known to work with the dock. I generally recommend sticking with Nintendo's dock adapter because all the others that are proven to be reliable are much more expensive. Look at Nyko's when it's available next month.

There are some exceptions: Anker's PowerPort+ 5 supports 15V/3A but doesn't work well with the Switch or support the dock at all because of bugs in the implementation.
For the sake of pricing, I really doubt Google is concerned at all about the interests of customers in countries they aren't even selling Pixels to. It hardly seems they care about competitive pricing outside the US even for the countries they do sell to.

On the other hand, imports of Android One devices could potentially impact the Pixel's appeal at its price point in the regions that Google actually looks at.
Google has already been dropping hardware features while increasing prices since the Nexus 6.

Nexus 5 has wireless charging, wired HDMI support, Miracast support, a headphone jack, and smaller bezels than the Pixel phones.
>the price difference over the Android One phone has to make sense

Why? The markets are mutually exclusive. Pixel 1 is only sold in US, Canada, UK, Germany, and Australia. The Mi A1 will not be sold in any of those countries, nor has any other Android One phone that I'm aware of.

Not that many people from the US are likely to import a phone. Even if you do, the cost of importing lessens the price difference with higher-end phones.
Not everybody sees the same picture the same way. Emoji miscommunication can happen even if both parties see exactly the same emoji set. A less ambiguous emoji is better, regardless whether the competitors are ambiguous.

With [weary face](https://emojipedia.org/weary-face/) for example, someone with an iPhone might see it as a weary face and send it to another iPhone user (or worse, LG) who sees it as a moan. If they send it to someone with Marshmallow, it's much more likely the receiver will see it as a weary face.

That said, Lollipop/Marshmallow have a couple bad emoji too, like [face with open mouth and cold sweat](https://emojipedia.org/face-with-open-mouth-and-cold-sweat/). In this case, the blob and pose have nothing to do with the problem, it's the mouth shape.
Very easy. Just attach the joycons to the Switch's sides and they automatically pair and you can detach them to use wireless.
> emojis have guidelines and straying too far from it may make them more difficult to correctly interpret, which has largely been the case with our blobs.

At least for all the basic expressions, I'd say the opposite. The blobs are better at expressing the official Unicode meaning than Apple's emoji or Oreo emoji, also leagues better than Samsung emoji. Google is imitating Apple's meaning, not the Unicode meaning.

[Why does the Smiling Face blush?](https://emojipedia.org/white-smiling-face/) [Why do all the tongue-sticking-out emoji have an open mouth?](https://emojipedia.org/face-with-stuck-out-tongue-and-winking-eye/) [Why is Nauseated Face blushing?](https://emojipedia.org/nauseated-face/) The answer to all of these is "because Apple did it" even though these details detract from the expression's intended meaning

The different poses the blob expressions had pre-Nougat helped convey meaning a lot better for some expressions like [Fearful Face](https://emojipedia.org/fearful-face/), [Weary Face](https://emojipedia.org/weary-face/), and [Confused Face](https://emojipedia.org/confused-face/)
It's real. This is an actual devkit that exists and is still being distributed by Nintendo.

There are two devkits: this one is more expensive and easier to debug with, the other one looks like a normal Switch but with black Joy-Cons.

It uses Wii Classic Controllers for input, Ethernet for PC connection, and HDMI in place of the dock. The design is basically the same as the retail console but with I/O stuck on the back and controller rails removed.
We already have the new Alola map for US/UM. There are no new towns in Alola. I'd love to see new towns outside Alola, like how FRLG added Sevii Islands, but I doubt it.

Crystal, Emerald, and Platinum all introduced new characters and new buildings. Like those games, and unlike BW2, USUM is a retelling of the SM story with changes rather than a new story that serves as a sequel.
Why wouldn't they know? Just because they're different studios doesn't mean there's zero communication between them, especially where licensed intellectual property is involved.

If Nintendo or Intelligent Systems have any interest at all in promoting Echoes here, they would've given Koei Tecmo the details before the game was publicly announced.
How does Gunvolt 1 on Switch compare to the Steam version with all the current updates? Are there any differences in framerate, visuals, or UI?

I guess I'll probably get this pack either way because of Gunvolt 2, which isn't on PC.
Part of the difference between a hobbyist online community and a business is that the OEM has to actually pay for labor.

On top of that, OEMs need much more testing and have more requirements (like Google CDD, carriers) than a mod project. They have to pay the component vendors (Qualcomm, Broadcom, etc) for support and they have to pay other organizations for certifications.
Yes, it's a huge difference in charging speed. The USB-A adapter takes you down from 18W (great) to 7.5W (okay). I already answered this in the OP:

>The Google 18W charger seems to be on sale [at Groupon](https://www.groupon.com/deals/gg-18w-plug-adapter-with-cable). In order to get great speeds with it, you need a USB-C to USB-C cable, which isn't included in Groupon's bundle. Look below at my Cables section for some links to cables you can buy. [Here's another Groupon listing](https://www.groupon.com/deals/gg-google-original-18w-plug-adapter-with-lg-usb-c-cable) that does include a short USB-C to USB-C cable.

I don't know how well USB extension cords will actually work with charging performance, but I do know that the USB specification doesn't permit them. It's generally better to get extension cables for the AC side instead of USB.
So that explains why they released immediately after the solar eclipse. Those of us who missed out on blinding ourselves then have another chance.
I like having icons with different shapes.

This is only a problem because of trying to have consistent icons and failing spectacularly at it.

It's the worst of both worlds: they lose recognizability by forcing the same shape on half the icons and shrinking the meaningful details while they make things even more inconsistent (even among Google's own apps). The white backgrounds are clearly cheap design. Setting the non-adaptive fallback to circle icons instead of regular icons looks like a comical mistake.
No. It's generally best to stick with Nintendo's charger for the dock.

If you really want to use a third-party charger for it, the charger needs to support 39W or higher at 15V, and even then there are some that won't work. I linked some that do in the top comment.
>Linux kernel that is specific to your phone

Treble changes this a bit, you can see the details [here](https://source.android.com/devices/architecture/kernel/modular-kernels). The device-specific manufacturer changes are separated from the SoC kernel code.

Of course, ARM isn't like x86. You can't have something as simple as one kernel that boots on whatever device you have. You don't even have a standardized BIOS-equivalent. Something like a typical PC LiveCD simply can't work on mobile.

>Even Google is not providing more then 2 years updates to pixels

Google says continued updates after Oct 2018 are not guaranteed. That doesn't mean updates will necessarily stop then, just that they may.
Not anymore. That's exactly what Project Treble deals with: Google doesn't need Qualcomm's cooperation for Android system updates on Pixel anymore.

Of course, they'll still need Qualcomm for security support, since a huge number of security fixes every month are in Qualcomm components. But Qualcomm shouldn't be able to prevent the Pixel from getting Android Q.
Either outlines or gradients can fix that. Why do we need both?
Yoshi's Island (SNES version) and Star Fox have both also never had any VC release.

Earthbound costs $9.99 and the other 17 games each cost $7.99, which comes to a total of $145.82. Adding those missing games brings the total to more than double the SNES Classic at MSRP even assuming you already own a Wii U with extra controllers.

Some games never got a Wii U (or 3DS) release, which means getting the Wii version and losing out on emulator features. Secret of Mana and Final Fantasy III. The Classic Edition systems have even more emulator features on top of what Wii U VC offered.
I don't know. The reviews claim that the charger itself should be legit.

I haven't heard of any reports of knockoff versions of Google's charger existing anywhere. Imitating one isn't cheap or easy but I wouldn't rule out the possibility that a knockoff might exist somewhere.
That's actually just as fast as the 12W version. Switch only draws about 9.8W from either. I don't think the 10W one is as widely available so I didn't list it.
Basically, you're better off not using Nintendo's charger with anything that isn't made by Nintendo.

This charger does some weird things that can confuse some other USB-C devices, including a lot of battery packs, [the Nexus 5X phone](https://issuetracker.google.com/issues/37141018), and probably some other phones.

Normally, these problems mean Nintendo's charger shuts off completely and won't charge anything (even the Switch) until you disconnect it from the wall outlet and plug it back in.

I normally recommend leaving Nintendo's charger attached to the dock and buying a third-party charger to use with other devices and take with you when traveling.
Including a USB-C cable and using that for the included charger doesn't mean they can't also include a USB-A cable in the box. Google phones include both cables. If Apple decides to only include one, they'd go with the option that makes more sense in terms of features and their current/future product lineup. That's USB-C.

Some laptops have only USB-C and some have only USB-A, so picking one means excluding somebody. USB-C adoption is growing while USB-A is shrinking. You're right, picking just one is not consumer-friendly, but Apple isn't known to care.

At least, most new iPhone 8 owners will already have a USB-A Lightning cable they can still use. Not many people care about connecting their iPhone to a PC at all.
I really doubt that charger was the cause. I've seen a few reports like this from people who never charge with anything third-party. It sounds like a defect with the system unless you had an electrical surge or thunderstorm.

It's a pretty simple charger, no QuickCharge or any other features that can cause problems. It's even 5V-only. I might be more suspicious if a possibly-buggy PD charger was involved, but this doesn't even support that.
The original Pixel phones are the first Android devices that will have Project Treble, which promises to remove that reliance on chip makers for Android platform updates.

It remains to be seen whether this means Google will actually support the Pixel to 2019 or later.
Just "okay".

Non-QuickCharge chargers aren't garbage with Samsung phones. The S8 works just as well with normal USB-C chargers. I think the other Samsung phones charge almost as fast from Anker IQ chargers since a few years ago as long as you use a good enough microUSB cable.
The way Power Delivery works is basically the charger starts off at 5V when first plugged in and then has to negotiate any other voltage level and wait before switching. Qualcomm QuickCharge and every other system I've ever heard of that puts higher voltages over USB cables does the same thing in a different way.

However, a couple poorly-designed noncompliant USB PD chargers have a related issue: they "remember" the voltage even when the USB-C cable is unplugged, which means using the same charger for a 20V laptop and then with your phone will make your phone get 20V instead of 5V. Thankfully very few chargers are known to do this. Razer doesn't.

Yes, the smaller Pixel normally sticks to 5V.
Anker's PowerIQ USB-A batteries work fine. They don't charge as fast as Power Delivery but it's still plenty fast enough. I have the 13k one.

I don't think you can currently get any USB-C batteries with less than 20100mAh.
For the fastest charging speeds, you need USB Power Delivery chargers. Pixel XL will use up to 18W; anything above that is safe but no faster.

The Pixel phones fully support PowerIQ, but those chargers only go up to 12W per port. It won't charge as quickly. PowerIQ is a good option for cheaper chargers and battery banks.

They don't support QuickCharge, which means it'll charge a lot slower no matter what the charger claims to support.
Every charger that has a USB-C connector supports 5V. Unlike with DC barrel connectors, you'll never find a USB-C charger that will fry your device because of voltage mismatch. There are still other issues with certain USB-C chargers, but not this one.

Yes, the Razer Blade Stealth charger uses USB PD for 20V. It's safe to use with the Pixel at 5V. I believe it supports 9V too for fast charging the Pixel XL.
Apple's iPad chargers are the only ones able to give Switch good charging speeds with those cables. Get the 12W one that's in the table in my OP.
The c cable only chargers are faster. USB A chargers, like that one you linked, are at best just decent enough to usually keep the Switch charged while playing but barely able to very slowly charge the battery on top of that.

For example, that 24W charger has 12W per port, but Switch can only draw 7.5W from it. USB C chargers will give it up to 18W. That's a lot higher.

As a unique exception, the Apple-made iPad chargers are faster, but still not as fast as some USB C chargers like Google Pixel charger, Anker PowerPort Speed 1, or Nintendo's charger.
I don't recommend this charger.

Despite what the specs say, I've found that the UGREEN charger usually only gives the Switch up to 15V/0.45A, which is often just barely enough to break even while playing. Only sometimes it randomly charges a lot faster than that.

Here's a thread with some other chargers that I do recommend: https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/6jnkl4/list_of_recommended_switch_usbc_chargers/
You won't lose any meaningful data. The SD card only holds screenshots and data you can redownload from the eShop: games, DLC, and updates. No save data.

You can use a PC to copy the data from one SD card to another, or you can just not bother and let your Switch redownload everything onto the new card.

You can swap between two cards regularly if you really want to, but you'll have to remember which card has the update files even for your non-digital games.
That only helps if you can tell it's "factory sealed" in the first place. Switch doesn't have a seal or sticker or anything on the box; a used one is indistinguishable until you open it.
No, they just said in a backer update on June 14 that both handheld versions are still in development and slated for release by the end of 2017.
It's still not over.

Vita and 3DS versions aren't out yet. No screenshots or anything either. They were supposed to be a simultaneous launch in 2015.
That's a great list. I've seen a lot of those mistakes in plenty of shell scripts. I'm personally guilty of forgetting `--` pretty often.

For point 37, I wonder about the order of those recommended tests. Isn't it better to avoid following a symlink to what could be a slow or hanging mount? I'd check for `-L` before `-e`
It could've been HydroxideOS, but that name is a little too negative and basic.
> What would explain the reasoning for the AC adapter to power off and require me to unplug it and plug it back in?

I don't know. Have you had any lightning storms? Electrical surges? Power flicker?

Otherwise, it could be a bug with the charger itself. It probably doesn't happen much and you were just unlucky.

The only time I've seen my charger do this was when I tried using it with a device that tries drawing too much current. In that situation, the shutoff is a safety feature to prevent breaking the charger or the device.

I've had my Switch sitting on the dock for maybe 3 weeks at a time in sleep mode without touching it and I never had any problems with that.
> Only problem is if I put the switch into sleep mode (via holding home button, and selecting sleep while in TV mode) it no longer charges. Atleast the green light disappears and no light comes on at all. Is this normal behavior?

It's normal for there to be no light at all when it's in sleep mode, whether it's charging or not.

If you know it really isn't charging when in sleep mode, that's not normal, contact Nintendo support. Note that the system might reach as low as 90% battery when you keep it docked because it prefers not to be constantly charging and stops for a while when full.
>I need a new AC Adapter for the dock

Why not buy Nintendo's? It's probably more reliable than that nameless generic charger you linked and it's cheaper than basically anything else you can get now that works.

>my Switch won't charge anymore

Have you tried unplugging the AC adapter from the wall and plugging it back in? If any kind of issue happens the AC adapter shuts itself off until you do this.

Have you tried with other AC outlets? Have you tried plugging the AC adapter directly into the Switch without the dock?

>Can I use the 30watt anker with power delivery

No, you can't use any charger that's less than 39 watts with the Switch dock.

Aside from the one you linked, Nyko also makes a 39W charger that's meant to work with the Switch dock. I linked it in the OP. It's not released yet, Amazon says August 1.

You can use most 45W and some 60W laptop USB-C chargers with the dock, but they're way more expensive. Look at [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/6jnkl4/list_of_recommended_switch_usbc_chargers/djflgri/) for some Innergie and Dell chargers that should work. Apple and Google chargers don't work because they don't support 15V at 39W.
The chargers included with newer LG, HTC, Sony, Asus, Huawei, and Xiaomi phones can usually charge the Switch while playing, but slowly. Nexus, Motorola, and Lumia chargers work a lot better. Google Pixel chargers work great.

It'll get better as more companies move to having USB-C on the charger side, like Apple is planning to do with the iPhone this year.

Only iPhones, Samsung phones, OnePlus, and some low-end and older phones include chargers that can't at all keep up with the Switch's power draw while playing.

>mostly in the $25+ range

The Google Pixel charger is just as fast as Nintendo's and costs [$20 on Groupon](https://www.groupon.com/deals/gg-google-original-18w-plug-adapter-with-lg-usb-c-cable).

The [Motorola $14 USB-C charger](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01M8MFCYQ) and Apple's 12W iPad charger ($15 from Walmart and Target) aren't as fast, but they're more than able to keep up with any game and charge at a good speed.

[Here's a thread I made last month with more charger recommendations](https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/6jnkl4/list_of_recommended_switch_usbc_chargers/). Most of them are more expensive.

>For $40 you get a mobile solution you can use 4-5 times that will allow charging during gameplay of even Zelda.

Every charger that claims to support 1.5A or 2.4A is just as fast as your battery. Some of the wall charger ones are only $8.
True, but Apple might be aiming for consumer simplicity. It'd make sense to have all their USB-A Lightning cables limited to USB 2.0 and all the USB-C Lightning cables support USB 3.1 instead of having some cables be faster than others.
It's not pointless.

Every MacBook model released 2016 or later has only USB-C ports. You shouldn't need adapters to connect two of the latest Apple devices to each other. Having a bundled USB-C to Lightning cable fixes this.

Apple's USB-C chargers can charge much faster than their USB-A ones. The iPad Pro already requires buying a separate USB-C charger to get its best charging speeds.
Not with the dock.

When undocked, that charger is often a lot slower than it should be because of similar issues, but it otherwise works fine.
Not for Zelda games.

The Oracle games and Tri Force Heroes have the same box art everywhere, including Europe. Skyward Sword, Link Between Worlds, and Wind Waker HD had gold versions of the Japanese cover in America, but I think every other game has completely different covers in America than Japan.
The "Fate" series is, for lack of a better name, the series that spins off of the game "Fate/stay night". All the names start with "Fate/" with a slash.

The original game was never officially released in English, but Fate/Extra and Fate/Grand Order are two other spinoff games that do have English translations. Grand Order is a mobile game that was just released in English last month.

The series also includes a bunch of anime, including a few based on Fate/stay night, a prequel called Fate/Zero, and more. All of them are available with English subtitles.
Don't count on it.

Depending on the device, it might not work at all and there could even be a chance of damaging the charger (your device is safe). The Nexus 5X and some RAVPower USB-C batteries are known to have issues with Nintendo's charger. Some other devices, like Nexus 6P and Pixel, work fine but charge very slowly.
Not as much faster as you'd think. The Switch will only take 1.5A from your battery bank's 2.4A ports.

It's weird, but the charging compatibility is complicated.
The fan exhaust would be obstructed if you dock upside down. If they put vents on the bottom instead, hot air would blow directly at you in handheld mode.

Having the exhaust always facing upward helps the system cool down better and quieter thanks to gravity. Hot air rises.
I don't know about that particular phone, but sone other USB-C HTC phones don't actually include a USB-C charger. Instead, they only include a regular USB charger with a USB-C cable.

For the Switch, that means you'll charge pretty slowly. As far as I know, it's not dangerous with any Nintendo hardware, but it is dangerous to Sony stuff.
They look very different, but they provide identical charging speeds. In terms of this issue, they're similar but different.

They both can do bad things if you connect them to a USB A-to-C cable or to another charger. The 5X charger does this with all cables, the 6P one only does it with some. Safe and well-designed chargers shouldn't do anything no matter how you connect them.

They won't do anything bad if you make sure to only connect them to devices that can actually accept charging like phones or the Switch.
Yes, Nintendo's implementation of USB PD is out of spec, but the dock does actually work with some existing third-party chargers. It's buggy, not proprietary. (Unlike the video stream, which is both)

Most 39W+ chargers that support 15V should work, such as the Innergie 45W charger. Only a few of them, like Anker's PowerPort+ 5, bug out because of the spec issues.
To be fair, this is not the intended use Nintendo designed for. The adapter is made by Hori, not Nintendo.

You don't have to have the game audio going to the same headset as voice chat. iirc PS3 defaulted to separating them too. Since the controllers don't have headphone jacks, using your phone makes sense for letting you use a wired headset while the Switch is docked.

Unless your headset is noise-canceling, you can still hear the TV while wearing it.
>an emoji counts as multiple characters

The definitions of "one character" or "string length" is a little vague when dealing with Unicode.

Do you count the number of utf-8 bytes or utf-16 words? Do you count the number of Unicode code points, including combining characters and modifiers? Do you count graphemes?

Pretty much nobody is going to think about this when writing password validation, so it depends on the default of whatever language/library the back-end uses. You might have all, some, or no emoji count as multiple characters.

You might even have the front-end and back-end disagree on whether the password is an accepted length.

Regardless of how you count "characters", it's pretty easy to say that one emoji glyph offers more password entropy than one ASCII character. A three-emoji password isn't quite as insecure (still pretty bad) as a three-letter password even if the attacker is specifically targeting emoji.
>There's a reason your TV screens or computer monitors don't have rounded corners.

They used to. Moving from rounded corners and overscan to a rectangular display that fits the full image was my favorite part of the move from CRT to LCD panels. I'm not too happy about going back.
I like tabs and I'll use them whenever I get to choose.

But I'll concede that space-indentation has a significant point: line length. Whether you want to keep your lines below 80 characters, 100, or even 120, that number doesn't mean anything unless you agree on how wide the indentations appear. There are reasons why having manually-split lines would be better than automating formatting.

There's a certain point where you're asking too much from the editor. Any general coding style shouldn't assume which editor the contributors use.
The Cypress chip is a rebranded Broadcom BCM43438. It uses the same drivers and firmware.
I think Chrome apps still work on every desktop Chrome platform for now.

Once it's phased out of the main Chrome builds, you'll probably still be able to enable it in custom Chromium builds.
For $65.99, you can get that PowerCore+ USB-C with two USB-C cables

For $82.99, you can get that PowerCore+ USB-C with two USB-C cables and a wall charger that works with the battery but will destroy some other USB devices

For $19.99, you can get Anker's PowerPort 1 Speed, which works great for charging this battery, the Switch, and every other USB-C device safely

$65.99+$19.99=$85.98

I think the difference is worth paying $2.99 more to get the better charger. You won't risk damaging anything and you get a nice extra wall charger for your Switch too.
Yes, I listed that same battery in my OP as "good", but your link is a listing that also includes a wall charger. That isn't a very great wall charger, it can cause problems with some USB devices, so I'd recommend getting the battery by itself and buying a different wall charger like Anker's PowerPort Speed 1.
Most Android apps do allow that. That's the default way Android handles links: individual apps tell the Android system which domains they can handle and Android launches the respective app if it's installed instead of opening Chrome when a link is clicked.

Twitter, Android Messages (the SMS app), and basically every other app that doesn't use Custom Tabs does this. Even Chrome itself does this. A lot of apps that use Custom Tabs (like Google Search) give the option to disable it, which makes them do the same thing.

I used Chrome as an example in my last comment, but it actually uses whatever the default is for the particular link you clicked. It might be an app like YouTube or it might be your default browser, which isn't necessarily Chrome and could also be Firefox or Samsung Browser or whatever instead.
> I'm not really familiar with how android handles these sorts of things so if it's pretty simple to do, I'd love to hear the steps involved or how the process would work switching between apps.

This is what happens in Android for apps that, unlike Reddit, open links directly in a full browser:

The user clicks a link, Android automatically switches the focused app to Chrome, and the page is opened in a new tab. If you press Back, Chrome closes the tab and takes you directly back to the other app. If you press the Recents button instead, you can keep that page open in a tab and do other things in the other app.

Basically, you can simply go forward and back across different apps by clicking links and pressing the back button just like how you can navigate between different web sites in the browser. You don't have to press anything special to switch between apps, though you can if you want to multitask.

For the way the Reddit app handles it, the browser's UI is more limited, you have to tap a few more times and wait longer if you want the full browser or to keep the tab open and go back to Reddit, and you don't save any taps if you don't.
> Browsers are complex and to roll your own opens up a bunch of concerns including but not limited to security, performance, privacy, and data consumption.

That's true, but the Reddit app doesn't roll its own browser. It uses Google's library for [Chrome Custom Tabs](https://developer.chrome.com/multidevice/android/customtabs), which essentially just asks your installed Chrome browser to display a stripped down version of itself. The engine and even UI for this is updated with the Chrome app, not Reddit. Some other browsers can handle it too.

Side note: Google's page I linked lists some "Best Practices" that Reddit doesn't follow, such as "Allow the user to opt out of Custom Tabs" and "Let native applications handle the content"

Edit: This is for the Android version. I don't know if the iOS app does anything similar.
I really want this option too. Opening the context menu and selecting "Open in Chrome" and waiting for the page to load a second time for every single link is annoying.

It even interferes with links that should open in a dedicated app like YouTube and Twitter, making them open in a browser instead. I just want my links to open in my browser or whatever app I have set to handle that link.

To clarify: the feature that causes this in Reddit for Android is called Chrome Custom Tabs.
I like Linux. I want to see it succeed as a gaming platform.

The hardware lineup was a mess. Too many options and lack of simple comparisons is confusing for the target market. Alienware Alpha was the only system that even attempted to be like a console competitor but it was outdated at launch (more than a year later than the identical Windows version) and too expensive to even approach PS4 in price/performance. I think AMD would make sense here.

They could've been better about software. Some sort of Linux-exclusive content would've helped a lot even if it's a timed exclusive or something mundane like DLC. There should've been pack-in games. Steam Big Picture really needs streaming services like Netflix. 
> Unless the 3DS has some very special coding for Super Mario 64 DS to support analog input via slide pad.

I just checked. It doesn't.

SM64DS makes the dpad's direction changes gradual, so it might not be immediately obvious that the circle pad isn't really reading as analog. You can rotate the circle pad in a circle (or move your thumb in a circle over the dpad) while walking and it feels like Mario is following your inputs as if it's an analog stick because of this. You can't go slower by holding the stick halfway out and you can't go in any other direction besides the 8 main ones for more than a moment without using the touch screen.
I'm aware the touch controls exist, but the circle pad doesn't map to that, it maps to the dpad, so you're still limited to only 8 directions.

Regardless whether you use dpad or circle pad, SM64DS makes the direction changes gradual so it feels less immediately obvious that it's limited to 8 directions.

It's just a different tactile feeling for exactly the same functionality. Whether it feels much better really depends on which model of the DS/3DS dpads you're comparing to.
Using the 3DS circle pad to play a DS game is like clipping a joystick attachment (it exists, I had one) to a Game Boy's dpad.

It doesn't solve the core problem of not having any analog input. An Up press is an Up press, you can't have only a half.
Neat. This is the first time I've heard of that.

The NES Mini apparently has a much better emulator than any of Nintendo's existing systems with VC, while SNES Mini is already confirmed to have features that no other official Nintendo emulator has ever had. If true, I'm pretty hopeful this means Switch will have excellent emulation with good colors and scaling options.
Those are just examples. It is a glitched graphic.

The header of every GameBoy ROM includes a picture of the Nintendo logo. The system displays whatever image it reads from the cartridge, then it compares that logo to what it should be and refuses to run if it doesn't match. You get garbage if any of the data or address pins aren't connected right.

Nintendo also tried to use this to enforce game licensing. A game can't boot without the logo, but a dev doesn't have permission to use Nintendo's trademark unless their game was approved.
It's even worse on Linux. Steam won't scale at all outside of big picture so it's tiny and almost unusable on HiDPI systems.
That won't work well at all with the Switch. That 15W is only for Samsung Fast Charge and Qualcomm QuickCharge devices.

Switch reportedly only gets 2.5W from that charger. That's nowhere near enough to charge while playing; it can take over 8 hours to charge from empty to full when turned off.
This thread has a lot of recommendations and links: https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/6jnkl4/list_of_recommended_switch_usbc_chargers/
Yes, the USB port on the back will be the only one that can handle USB 3.0 after a future system update.

Right now, they're all the same.
Vulpix can't handle that on its own, you'll need something like the FireStone library.

I've heard some people get similar results with Eviolite, but it conflicts with FireStone and I'm not sure why anybody would use it for anything but an NFE handler.
You need to have 15 years of experience with C++11, 30 years of experience with Articuno, 20 years of Android development, and 10 years with Cosmog.
Yes, the MacBook USB-C chargers are all safe and work great with the Switch when undocked. It charges just as fast as Nintendo's charger and everything else I listed as "great".

From my OP:
>Most other USB-C laptop chargers should also work great with Switch and phones but they're expensive

From [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/6jnkl4/list_of_recommended_switch_usbc_chargers/djflgri/):
>Great but expensive: [...] Apple 61W USB-C charger
To be clear, the Vbus hot issue is only a problem for chargers with detachable cables. You can basically glue a cable to any Vbus hot charger to turn it into an effectively-compliant USB-C charger (assuming the glue is safe).

Basically every USB-C charger you can find will provide 3A to match the 5X OEM: the only exceptions I know of are Nintendo's charger, Nyko's, and Apple's 29W charger. Don't use those, [ESPECIALLY not Nintendo's charger](https://issuetracker.google.com/issues/37141018). Every other USB-C charger I linked in the OP works well with the 5X.

Get the Pixel phone charger. It's currently on sale for $20 on Groupon. You can find links to that in my OP at the bottom of the "great" section.

When at its $35 MSRP, the Pixel charger is kinda overkill for what non-PD devices like 5X can use, but there doesn't actually seem to be many good-quality reasonably-priced non-PD single-port USB-C chargers. The Motorola TurboPower charger is cheap and good but kinda big. Anker's USB-C PowerPort chargers are good too.
I use Vanilla Music and it offers this. You can browse by folder and either play/queue a single file or Play All with the contents of any directory.

It's open source and ad-free.

But I don't think it'd work with this provider for playing something directly from SMB. It doesn't use Android's file picker and I doubt any music player would.
> Displayport alternative mode(same one as the switch dock)

Switch and Samsung DeX don't support DisplayPort Alternate Mode. They use something else that is incompatible but still based on DisplayPort.

This is why none of the USB-C docks and HDMI adapters that laptops use can work with Switch.

Anyway, another alternative third-party dock that exists which you can still (pre-)order is [this Nyko one](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B071X7C1B4).
I answered this in the OP: "I want a charger that can charge several other USB devices at the same time"

Anker and Monoprice have some chargers that mix one USB-C with several USB-A ports.
That will give good charging speeds if you use the USB-C port with a C-C cable, or okay speeds if you use either USB-A port with a C-A cable. Neither kind of cable is included; you can buy a Monoprice one or any of the Amazon ones I linked.

Unlike every other US store I linked, Monoprice doesn't offer free shipping. Shipping this item alone seems to cost $2.49 for most of the US.

Edit: I just added this charger to my list. It's a good cheaper and smaller alternative to the Anker USB-C PowerPort 5 for people who don't want as many USB ports.
I agree.

While I dislike replacing blobs with excessive gradients and less expressive faces, I can accept it. What they did to the animals is an atrocity.
From my point of view the O emoji are evil
Unicode has a standard set of emoji, but it keeps getting updated with new emoji every year. I don't think anybody disagrees about which emoji should exist, even if they do disagree or misunderstand the details or even hide some on the keyboard.

Your missing glyphs are just too new for your version of Android. Making things worse, Google and others are sometimes behind with adopting certain things like skin tones.

For Android, it will get better as more apps use Google's new EmojiCompat library to avoid emoji relying on system updates trickling down, but they're still relying on what Google has in their latest stable release which is still often behind.
Look at the "cables" section in this thread: https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/6jnkl4/list_of_recommended_switch_usbc_chargers/

Every cable listed there is good, safe, and well-priced. All the USB C to C ones are just as fast at charging.
> Should I expect a revision of the Switch before Fire Emblem Switch is out?

No. I'd expect a revision in 2019 is likely, but no sooner, and I doubt it'll be better than the current model. It might be like going from 3DS to 2DS.
Dragon Quest Heroes is 32GB. That's the current limit and it'll probably get bigger in a few years.

Most Nintendo first-party games will probably be way below that but you can probably expect a lot of third-party games with prerendered cutscenes to hit the limit.
If you have an SD card inserted that isn't full, every game, update, and DLC you download will be stored there instead of internal memory.

It's all encrypted (with a per-console key) in the Nintendo/Contents directory on the SD card. It's not like there's a simple ROM file you can just throw in a theoretical emulator.
Almost every Wii U game would be better off on Switch, with only a few exceptions like Kirby Rainbow Curse because there's no stylus.

Some of my favorite Wii U games they could port include Smash, 3D World, and Pikmin 3. I loved Yoshi's Woolly World too but it unfortunately just got a 3DS port instead.
There is one included, but:

* Most people probably want to just connect it to the dock and not have to reorganize the cables around their TV every time they want to take a charger somewhere; the included AC Adapter is also the dock's power cable.
* It's big, so fitting it in a case isn't very easy
* Unlike Nintendo's charger, a lot of other chargers work well with not just the Switch but many other USB-C devices too. It's nice to only need to take just one charger when traveling.
* Some people want chargers that work when there are no wall outlets, like a car charger or a battery pack.

There are plenty of reasons to want extra chargers for an undocked Switch. I'm not sure why some people care about dock compatibility with third-party chargers but I noted it anyway.
>some take longer to charge the switch than others

Yes, but all the faster chargers cost at least $55.

> Looking to spend a lil under $30

Just get Anker's PowerCore 10000 or 13000. You'll need a USB-C cable. They're fairly slow at charging the Switch, but fast enough to keep you playing until they run out of power.
See this thread: https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/6jnkl4/list_of_recommended_switch_usbc_chargers/

The Apple 12W and Motorola chargers in the list are good and cheap.
Yes, default (non-PD) USB is 5V, but the lithium ion cells are 3.6-3.7V. These mAh ratings are for the battery cells, not the output. Using mAh ratings for the output wouldn't even make sense for something that supports multiple voltages with power delivery.

The capacity in watt-hours should be printed on the battery pack itself if you own one. I don't have either of these, but I have a different Anker USB battery pack that says "Capacity: 13000mAh/46.8Wh"

Both Anker and RAVPower claim their 26800mAh batteries can be taken on airplanes as carry-on.

>3 additional watts of USB-C output

Both batteries support 30W over USB-C. Anker's page mentions 27W for the wall charger (probably in error), not the battery. Either way, Switch can't draw more than ~18W.

>still has power delivery

Yes, but Switch has power delivery issues that make it very often charge slower from the RAVPower PD battery than many non-PD chargers. The most recent version of Anker's battery doesn't seem to be affected by this issue so it charges faster.

>is $20 cheaper atm

Yes, I already said that, but to charge either battery you need a wall charger. Anker's battery includes one, RAVPower's does not. I believe Nintendo's charger doesn't work with the RAVPower battery, so you need to get something else.

Anker's included wall charger is on its own worth $28 and it's the cheapest wall charger you can get that reliably charges the Switch and these batteries at their fastest speeds.
[This Anker battery](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01MZ61PRW) is better than any of those with the Switch. It costs $20 more than your first link but it comes with a wall charger that's worth more than that.

>Best you can legally carry on a airplane flight

Why? Do you have a source saying you can't carry the 26800mAh battery on an airplane? I believe 26800mAh batteries are about 99.2Wh (3.7V) and the limit is 100Wh.
See this thread: https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/6jnkl4/list_of_recommended_switch_usbc_chargers/
The DLC adds some stuff in the beginning area and scattered throughout the rest of the world, so if you get it from the start you have more chances to find everything without backtracking.

None of that stuff really affects game balance, so there's no downside.
I'm guessing it's probably the legitimate Google charger.

That cable should be fine: unlike the one I had linked, you can get great speeds with this one and don't need to buy a different cable. It's pretty short so you might want to buy a longer one anyway.
I did. I rebought it ~~because I'm a sucker for Nintendo~~ because I wanted the latest and greatest Mario Kart game to play with my friends with battle mode and portability.

I definitely think it's the best Mario Kart game ever, so replaying it three years later is worth it. I'm glad the dual-item system makes the experience a bit more fresh, but I'm glad I didn't have to unlock all the characters again and it kinda feels like this is what MK8 should've been in the first place.

Something about playing a game on Switch just feels so much better and so much more welcoming than playing on the Wii U did. I'll happily encourage any more ports of good Wii U games.
Even if you didn't need to redeem any coins for them, the My Nintendo discount coupons are really bad and not a very worthwhile sale. PlayStation Store and Steam have better deals every month. Even Nintendo's eShop sales tend to be better than these coupons, and they never stack.

My Nintendo gives you deals like... 15% off on a game that released 4 years ago for a discontinued console or 20% off for a 16-year-old VC game that isn't even a penny cheaper than the original non-VC version was. The selection of games you can use those coupons on is so tiny I'll probably never use one. it might be worthwhile if there was something like "30% off any Wii game on Wii U VC" or "50% off any NES game", or maybe if there were coupons for new releases rather than exclusively things that are more than 2 years old.

I'd care a lot more if they brought back actual game rewards rather than underwhelming coupons, low-quality themes, and subpar wallpapers.
For 3DS/WiiU, gold coins are exclusively for digital purchases. Only Switch gives you anything for physical.

Physical games cost the same MSRP and often have much better deals/discounts at stores. You don't have to buy extra storage cards/drives for them. You can even resell them or let a friend borrow them.

Besides the convenience of having all your games in one place without swapping cards, gold coins are the *only* motivation Nintendo gives people to buy digital. It's a pretty bad motivation: I prefer digital for the convenience but it's hard to justify spending so much extra (especially since I have Amazon Prime) and then having gold coins just expire while there's absolutely nothing to spend them on.
I've never seen this answered, so I'm curious: what happens to apps that use Android's immersive mode when running on the Essential Phone?

Wouldn't the camera cutout get in the way and cover up important UI elements for a lot of games? Or does Essential change the way immersive mode works and prevent it from making the status bar disappear?
I described it [in this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/6jnkl4/list_of_recommended_switch_usbc_chargers/djflgri/) under "Charging speeds vary"

Essentially, every time you plug it in you'll randomly get charging speeds that are either much better or much worse than the non-PD version. As far as I know, this isn't affected by whether or not you have anything connected to the other USB ports.

That doesn't mean there's anything wrong with Anker's charger: this is a bug in how Nintendo handles it. This charger works great with other devices like phones and laptops.
Yes, they're around, but the average consumer is way less likely to stumble on one. If you just search for USB-C cables on Amazon and choose any of the somewhat popular options, you'll probably end up with something good enough.

Even if you find a cable that has issues, it's most likely still safe but just less functional. That's not to say dangerous cables don't exist anymore, but I think you have to dig harder for them.

Benson Leung's reviews are a good reference and guideline, but they shouldn't be used as a strict "don't buy anything he didn't specifically test" list. [Here's the list of USB-IF certified cables](http://www.usb.org/kcompliance/view/USB%20Type-C%20Cable%20Certifications.pdf). All the AmazonBasics cables are listed and a few short Anker cables are too. Plenty of well-made cables aren't certified.

I don't think it's worth buying more expensive USB 3.1 or 5A or TB3 cables just to charge a <3A device. USB 2.0 cables can also much more easily reach longer lengths like 6ft or even 10ft, and I think ~6ft is what most people want for playing while connected to a wall charger. At least, if you do get one of those more expensive cables, you can use those features in the future with other devices you may get later.
If there's a link where people can actually buy that charger on its own, I'll add it to the list.

Those Dell USB-C chargers are promising (they probably work with the dock too), but I haven't seen confirmation that any of them work as well as they should with Switch. I have an XPS 13 (9350) that can work with all of those, but it came with a non-USBC 45W charger.

One of your links is a non-USBC charger: the one ending in 492-bbwx.
Alongside Steam, this game also just got [a PS4 port](https://store.playstation.com/#!/en-us/games/danganronpa-another-episode-ultra-despair-girls/cid=UP1063-CUSA07293_00-ZETTAIZETUBOUPS4) too. Both versions are $29.99, dual-audio, and 18GB. The Vita version was 2.3GB with an optional 1.8GB Japanese audio pack.

You can now play the entire Danganronpa series on any one of Vita, PS4, or Windows. All three platforms are also getting a US release of Danganronpa V3 on September 26.

I played the Vita version of Ultra Despair Girls when it launched in 2015. I really like this game. The gameplay is completely different from the other Danganronpa games, but the characters, story, and dialogue are pretty similar. I like that this game's story has way more character development than the other Danganronpa games, especially for the protagonist Komaru but also Touko and the antagonists.

The prologue alone spoils some of the biggest final-chapter twists in both Danganronpa 1 and 2, so don't play this before them.
I use the label "okay" because it actually isn't bad even in the random worse case. "Just fine" is what you can expect from it, but at that price and with so many other better options I don't recommend buying it for the Switch. It's great with Nexus phones and basically every other USB-C device that isn't the Switch.

For every charger I call "okay": It does work, and it does give enough power to charge a little bit while playing.
I answered this in the OP: "How well will my phone's charger work?"

Its charging speeds are very poor with Switch.
I'll just copy+paste it here:

>These chargers can give the Switch great speeds sometimes, but usually they're closer to just "okay". It seems to be random every time you plug it in. If the Switch is completely turned off (not just in sleep) when you plug it in, you'll almost always get those "great" speeds for as long as you keep it plugged in even after turning the Switch back on and playing.
If you already have it, sure, keep using it. It can keep up okay. Look at the comment I linked above, I described how you can get better results from it. If you use it right, it can even be faster than the 20100 version, but it's kinda a hassle.

The RAVPower 20100 is cheaper and probably works better, so I don't recommend buying the RAVPower 26800 to people who don't already own it.
RAVPower has a 26800mAh USB-C battery that supports USB PD and a 20100mAh USB-C battery that doesn't.

USB PD is a feature that's supposed to let the Switch charge faster (that's the difference between my "great" and "good" labels), but Nintendo and RAVPower have some issues managing it correctly such that it's often *slower* than the version that doesn't support USB PD.
Of course I can't comment on reliability for an unreleased charger, but I do know this: anything that works with the dock at all can also be used undocked for great speeds that match Nintendo's stock charger.

But no, that's not a small charger. I think its size is pretty close to the Nintendo one.
I already answered exactly this question in my OP: look for "I want a charger that can charge several other USB devices at the same time"
Unless Anker revises that PowerPort+5 in a way that makes it work better with Switch, I prefer to recommend the non-PD version: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0196JB1ZS

The cheaper non-PD PowerPort5 should consistently charge Switch at good speeds, while the PD PowerPort+5 is inconsistent with speeds that are often just okay but occasionally great.
That's probably Qualcomm QuickCharge. Switch doesn't support this or any other kind of charger that changes voltage over USB-A.

To Switch, and every other device that doesn't support QuickCharge, this is a 5V @ 1.5A charger.

Yes, this charger is more powerful than the Apple 12W one, but Switch cannot tap into that extra power.
I've never heard of this one and haven't seen anyone try it, but I'd expect that it most likely works great with an undocked Switch. On top of that, it might even be able to power the dock too.
I'd probably classify that charger as "okay". Yes, it can usually charge while you play, but it's very slow.

It's been demonstrated by /u/sylocheed that [in the most demanding possible situation in BotW, chargers like this are unable to keep up](https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/64qp5m/stress_testing_the_switch_challenging/). It's possible that this can be a bigger problem with a few other games that may release in the future.
I guess it varies. I have a few out of spec cables that work fine with my Nexus 5X and other phones but get rejected by the Switch.

I believe my cables have the wrong resistor, not no resistor, so that's a lot easier to detect as a bad cable instead of a C-C cable.
I've seen a lot of reports showing that its speeds are very inconsistent with Switch, so I don't recommend it to Switch owners.

See [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/6jnkl4/list_of_recommended_switch_usbc_chargers/djflgri/) for more details.

The non-PD batteries and the Anker PD battery seem to be more consistent.
Yes, that's the right charger. You can find it on my list in the OP in the "good" section.
The Anker PowerCore+ (the version linked from the list) and its included wall charger both can charge the Switch at exactly the same speed. They give Switch great charging speed and it's the fastest you can get from any charger.
Right, I meant for compliant C-to-C cables.

There still are bad cables out there, but they're nowhere near as common now as they were when the Nexus 6P launched.

If you have any A-to-C cables that don't work as well as the one included with the Pro Controller, it might be worth trashing. I think Switch tries to detect and block some kinds of bad A-to-C cables. These can cause problems like damaging certain chargers. You might be able to verify this on your Nexus with some apps like Ampere; an A-to-C cable should never give you "Max USB curr: 3000mA"

Every cable I linked is good. They all can handle 3A (C-C) or 2.4A (C-A) fine and they don't break the USB spec in any way I can detect.
Yes, it's the same charger.
Thanks for the confirmation. I removed the mention that it might be useless.

I'd classify that as very poor. I'm guessing the Switch is only drawing 2.5W (0.5A). That's the same result Samsung chargers reportedly have.
Yes, that's the same charger. CAD$22 is a great price for this charger. I'll add this link to OP.
Yes, it's all safe to use.

The 5W iPhone charger is too weak to be particularly useful. It gives Switch poor charging speeds.

Every other USB charger for iPad and MacBooks works pretty well.
Thanks, I didn't know it was sold in Germany. In Europe, I thought only UK had it, but Germany does too, although that's it. It's not in France, Italy, etc. I don't know how easily residents of other European countries can order it from Germany.

I added the German link to my post.

The Pixel phone and its charger are sold in US, Canada, Australia, UK, and Germany. That's it.
I'm surprised I forgot to put it in the list. I'm pretty sure it has great charging speeds with Switch, but it has not-so-good speeds with most other USB-C devices that aren't made by Nintendo or Apple.

None of Apple's chargers work with the dock, so you need Nintendo's charger if you're taking that. Otherwise, no, there's no advantage to using Nintendo's charger over the Apple 29W one.
The specific flaw it has is called "Vbus hot". You can google it to see more details.

USB-C is supposed to protect the user from carelessly connecting things that don't make sense. It's bidirectional, so what if you connect two chargers to each other? What if you use a C-to-A cable to connect it to a desktop, TV, hub, or anything else? USB-C requires that chargers are designed in a way such that nothing happens in these cases.

The CHOETECH charger breaks this rule. If you connect something wrong, you can start a fire.

Anyway, it's more expensive than the Motorola charger and it comes with a shorter 3ft cable, so even ignoring this issue it's not that appealing of an option.

As a side note: the charger included with the Nexus 5X has this same problem. I wouldn't exactly call this issue worth throwing away the charger if you already have it, but it's at least bad enough to be worth choosing something else when you're buying a new charger. Unlike CHOETECH's charger, the 5X one isn't sold on its own, so I didn't list it.
Every compliant USB-C (Edit: I mean C-to-C) cable can handle at least 60W.

Every USB-C cable should support at least 3A, which means not only will it work with 15W chargers (5V/3A), but it can also work with 27W (9V/3A), 45W (15V/3A), and 60W (20V/3A).

Only some USB-C cables can handle more than 3A (up to 5A), which is needed for any laptop that draws between 61W and 100W when paired with a charger that can support that much.

If you want to power the dock, just stick with Nintendo's charger. You can use it to charge the Switch undocked too, but it has poor compatibility with charging every other USB-C device that isn't made by Nintendo. If you want something better about that, the only one I know that's confirmed to work with the dock is [this $60 Innergie charger](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0188PAD00). I'll add it to the list. Nothing else I listed works with the dock, not even the MacBook Pro or Chromebook chargers.

>I have a 65w laptop charger that uses USB type c, will this cause any damage to the switch + dock?

No. Go ahead and try it. Most chargers that support a 15V output level for at least 2.6A will probably work with the dock, but some don't. But I'm curious: what laptop charger? I haven't heard of any 65W USB-C ones.

>a good option for the switch + dock, but not sure again if you can use that with the switch alone.

Every single charger that works with the dock will also work perfectly with an undocked Switch at great speeds.
I don't really know. I think it should give great speeds, but I've seen a couple posts ([post 1](https://plus.google.com/102612254593917101378/posts/WDkb3TEgMvf), [post 2](https://plus.google.com/102612254593917101378/posts/9MNzhmZuVxE)) from somebody who knows far more about USB charging than I do that suggest there might be compatibility issues.

If those issues ever come up for you, it'll make the Switch just stop charging. I don't know, you might even need to reboot the Switch before you can resume charging. That'd be annoying, but at least, it's perfectly safe to use (zero risk of damage).
Yeah, I don't recommend using Nintendo's charger with any device that isn't made by Nintendo. It's very slow with some devices, won't do anything at all with others, and there might even be a slight risk of damage with a couple things.

Conversely, I don't recommend using any other charger with Nintendo's dock. So, basically, just leave it connected to the dock at all times and get something else to take with you and to use with other devices.
I expect that both of those chargers in this pack probably only give "okay" charging speeds. That's what you can generally expect from USB-A chargers paired with a A-to-C cable like that. (Edit: Yes, except the iPad charger. There are also a few others, but they're really rare)
Honestly, I don't know. It's really complicated and basically requires extensive reverse-engineering to find out. I don't have sufficient equipment or desire to investigate this.

Put simply, Switch has some PD bugs that just happen to affect the RAVPower battery but do not affect the Anker battery. I've seen enough reports and measurements on this subreddit about both batteries to be reasonably certain of this. Like I mentioned in that comment I linked, this issue also affects Anker's PowerPort+ 5 even though it doesn't affect Anker's PD battery or Anker's 30W PowerPort Speed.
Sorry if using the word "adapter" was misleading. Yes, I mean a cable that has USB-C on one end and microUSB on the other end. You can get one if you want to charge any microUSB phones from a USB-C charger like Google 18W, Anker 30W, or a MacBook charger.

Samsung's Adaptive Fast Charging is similar to QuickCharge, but worse in terms of fallback options.

Non-QC devices like Switch get 7.5W (1.5A, "okay") from QuickCharge chargers, but they only get 2.5W (0.5A, "very poor") from Samsung chargers. I don't recommend either.
The Anker 26800mAh battery I linked will charge the Switch much faster (great speeds) because it includes PD, while that older model is slower (good speeds) without PD.

Also, the old model includes a much worse wall charger. It's one of the wall chargers I specifically do not recommend ([see this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/6jnkl4/list_of_recommended_switch_usbc_chargers/djflgri/), it's the PowerPort+ 1 QC3.0) because of compatibility issues with a lot of other USB-C cables and devices. The new one includes a great wall charger that I highly recommend using with Switch and any other USB-C devices.

It's only a little bit less expensive than the 26800mAh Anker battery I linked and it's only slightly larger capacity than the much cheaper 20100mAh one, so I don't think it's really worth considering this one.
Unfortunately, the Switch is not fully compliant with USB or PD. Because of this, compatibility can be limited even with fully compliant chargers.

Still, I agree, it's generally best to get compliant USB chargers. Some chargers have a problem that can be dangerous with other devices but won't affect the Switch, but I won't recommend anything like that because interoperability is important.

Here's a spreadsheet of USB-C accessories curated by Benson Leung and NathanK (another person very familiar with USB chargers): https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vnpEXfo2HCGADdd9G2x9dMDWqENiY2kgBJUu29f_TX8/pubhtml#

It's meant for the Google Pixel phones, so compatibility ratings don't translate to the Switch, but the safety and reliability notes are important.
I don't think so. USB-C is currently reserved for 20100mAh and up models.

In the future, definitely, there will be some.

All of the Anker USB-A battery packs (and some other brands) will give the Switch "okay" charging speeds. That's still enough to charge the Switch while playing except in very rare stress-test situations.
No, unfortunately the technology isn't there for expansion docks to work with the current Switch model. The bandwidth you need to see any worthwhile improvements is higher than the bandwidth that Switch can support over its USB-C port.

Switch doesn't have Thunderbolt or anything like that.
The USB-C spec expressly says that any kind of adapters with female C are not allowed.

Adapters with male C are allowed. You can use a male-C female-micro adapter to connect your existing microUSB cables to a USB-C phones. You can use a male-C female-USBA adapter just like an OTG adapter, to connect a flash drive or other device to your USB-C phone or laptop. You can use male-male adapter cables to connect USB-C devices to old USB-A chargers or old microUSB devices to USB-C chargers.

The reason for this is that old USB connectors are directional (host has one kind of plug, device has a different kind of plug). USB-C adds extra logic to make bidirectional work, but that falls apart if somebody makes adapters that let you create something like doesn't have USB-C on either end like a USB-A to USB-A cable (very dangerous).
With the cables you got from Groupon, your charging speeds will be limited to just "okay".

If you buy any of the USB C-to-C cables linked in my OP, you can use it to get great charging speeds from this charger.
That sounds like an issue specific to just Razer. I don't know what kind of charger compatibility that laptop has, but I believe this charger should work fine with MacBooks, Chromebooks, and any USB-C phone from Google/Samsung/LG/HTC/Motorola/Microsoft.

It won't work with my Dell XPS 13, which only accepts more powerful 20V chargers.
Even though the S8 is a USB-C phone, it comes with the same old USB-A Samsung Adaptive Fast Charger.

You can use the included USB-C adapter cable to connect it to the Switch, but you'll get *very poor* speeds: it gives 2.5W, which is only one-third of the bare minimum you need to keep a charge while playing. Switch can't use Samsung's fast-charging technology.

If you keep it plugged in while playing, your battery level will go down a little bit slower than usual. If you stop playing and keep the screen turned off, it can eventually fully charge over the course of maybe 6 hours or so.
I think so. Samsung's Adaptive Fast Charger seems to only give Switch 0.5A (2.5W), which is well in the range of "very poor".

It can probably charge your Switch overnight while the screen is off, but it can't do anything more than that.
I think so. If it's like the charger on the Amazon page I linked, with a non-removable USB-C cable, then yes. Motorola has both 15W and 30W versions of this same charger, but both are only equally as good with the Switch.

There's another different charger that Motorola makes which is also called "TurboPower 15": it's a USB-A charger instead of USB-C. That one only gives the Switch "okay" speeds.
Yes. I'm surprised that deal is still up, I thought it ran out a long time ago.

However, the C-to-A option sold here has a problem: the included cable and adapter will limit your speeds down to just "okay". You get "great" speeds by combining the charger from here with any C-to-C cable you can find on Amazon or elsewhere. That page also has a C-to-C option, but it's sold out.

I just added this link to my OP.
It's a 39W charger. I think that size is what it takes to make an AC adapter handle 39W reliably.

Even for the dock, I think it's excessive. The dock can only give Switch 18W power at most, each of the two USB 2.0 ports take 2.5W, and USB 3.0 takes 4.5W. That adds up to only 27.5W, plus whatever small amount the dock itself needs.

It's completely excessive when undocked. Switch won't take more than about 18W from any charger on its own, which is less than half as much power.

>Why it wouldn't work on most other devices?

Bad design. USB-C chargers are supposed to have standard voltage and current levels: 39W should have 15V/2.6A, 9V/3A, and 5V/3A. Optionally, it helps to have 12V/3A and 20V/1.95A too for maximum interoperability. Instead, Nintendo gave it just 15V/2.6A and 5V/1.5A.

Basically every USB-C phone, and a lot of other small USB-C devices, charge with 5V/3A. Nintendo's charger only gives them half as much power as they like, so it's slow. On top of that, the implementation is a little weird, which confuses certain devices like the Nexus 5X and some battery banks into thinking they can draw more than 1.5A; they do this, then the charger shuts off and stops charging completely because it's not meant to handle that.

There's no 9V output, which limits how well it can work with 9V devices like the Pixel phones. There's no 20V, so it's unusable with Dell laptops.

Because the cable cannot detach, you can't use it to charge any non-USBC devices like microUSB or Lightning. USB doesn't allow any adapters that would enable this.
The iPad chargers I'm referring to are the newer 10W and 12W ones. I believe they're included with all retina models. Any other iOS device charger has very poor performance with Switch.
I've seen it reported that the 87W charger has some problems with Switch: [post 1](https://plus.google.com/102612254593917101378/posts/WDkb3TEgMvf), [post 2](https://plus.google.com/102612254593917101378/posts/9MNzhmZuVxE)

But I just now re-read these and it seems that maybe those tests were focused on the dock. If it works for you when undocked, that's probably fine. Apple's charger is robust enough to handle anything Switch would ask for.

Basically, the kind of problem that might be able to happen is just that the Switch stops charging. In the worst case, you might have to reboot the system before it can charge again.
I'd like to know if those framerates are stable. The 30fps vs 60fps comparison is a lot different if the game often drops below them.

Besides those points: for now, PS4 definitely has the better account system and cloud saves and more storage, while Switch has a nicer controller with way better battery life.
For Switch, the iPad charger is exactly the same speed as every other charger I listed as "good". It's the only charger on that list which isn't dedicated USB-C.

The iPad charger is a unique exception here. Generally, any other USB-A charger with a USB A-to-C cable is slower than any dedicated USB-C charger.

Excluding the Switch, for any other USB-C device like phones, 15W USB-C chargers are 25% faster than the Apple 12W charger, but Switch doesn't gain any charging speed at all from this difference.
Yes, that one is probably just as good. It and the Hori one are both licensed by Nintendo and pretty much equivalent.
I bought a PS4 Pro when it launched. I didn't have the regular PS4, but I played the one my roommate had. I'm still not sure if PS4 Pro was the right choice instead of the cheaper PS4 Slim.

I don't know which platform I want Sonic Forces for. I'm leaning toward PS4, but I'll wait until reviews are out.

Some of the games I've used my PS4 for so far include Persona 5, Gravity Rush 1&2, Dragon Quest Builders, Digimon, Steins;Gate 0, and the Zero Escape remake. I'm looking forward to the English release of Danganronpa V3.

I've always been more of a Nintendo fan than anything else, but I think the Sony systems have always complemented Nintendo systems pretty well. I tend to prefer console games over PC.
There are just a few other AC adapters that can work, but not many and they all cost like $60+.

The dock has some very specific and weird rules about what it accepts, so the compatibility is complicated.
USB extension cables have limitations and they can impede power performance, so I don't recommend using them unless you have to.

You can use AC extension cables instead for better results. Any power strip, surge protector, etc. should work fine too.
Yes, mainly the price. Plenty of third-party chargers are great for using undocked, but anything that does work with the dock is pretty expensive and the compatibility requirements are complicated.

It's clear that Nintendo's intention with the dock is that you have to use their charger with it and third-party chargers shouldn't work. Even if some of them do currently work, that could change in the future. This might even affect warranty claims.
Yes, I mentioned that in my OP. If you want to power the dock, stick with Nintendo's charger.

There are a few other 45W+ chargers that are known to work with the dock, such as [this $60 innergie one](https://www.amazon.com/Innergie-PowerGear-USB-C-45-Adapter/dp/B0188PAD00), but none of them are worth considering for the dock because they're expensive. It's even possible that Nintendo could block them in the future with an OS update. There's also a Nyko replacement dock AC adapter releasing in August.

Edit: Clearer wording
I mentioned it in another comment in this thread: https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/6jnkl4/list_of_recommended_switch_usbc_chargers/djflgri/

Basically, I don't recommend it.
I don't know. I haven't seen any source mention which voltages are accepted by the MacBook Pro.

I do know that the included chargers are 5V/9V/20V. I'd assume the MBP supports the same voltages, and probably 15V too for compatibility with the 29W MacBook charger.

Either way, the difference between 15W and 18W is pretty small. It's a huge difference for the Switch because if its weird ~1.9A limit (which makes 15W become ~9.6W), but for every other USB-C device it's hard to tell.

I just changed the wording to: "but with laptops it's either slow (like MacBooks and Chromebooks) or may not work at all (like Dell XPS)."
I mentioned the RAVPower PD charger in another comment. I don't recommend it because charging speeds vary a lot and it's often slower than the non-PD chargers.

This is the first time I've heard of this particular battery. It seems to be pretty new. The product description doesn't mention Switch compatibility, but there's a pretty good review about how well it works so I'll add it to my list. I'm a little hesitant to heavily recommend this until I see more confirmation it works great. In particular, I've seen some reports about other AUKEY chargers having major USB compliance issues.

Do you know if this battery is under the 100Wh limit for what you're allowed to carry on airplanes according to the FAA? This battery is bigger than the others I've seen.

I'd personally say that the extra $35 for Anker's charger over this is worth it for the included wall charger and cables. I doubt Nintendo's charger will work with this AUKEY battery, so you'll have to buy a different one separately.
For the MacBook Pro, it's slow. The Pixel phone charger only offers 18W but the MacBook Pro uses 60W+ chargers. At least, it does work and it is safe.

For some other laptops, like the Dell XPS series, it won't work at all. These devices only support chargers that support a 20V output, but the Pixel charger only does 5V/9V.

For anybody who is buying a new charger for Switch and has any intention to use it with a USB-C laptop, I'd definitely recommend getting the Anker PowerPort Speed instead of the Google 18W charger for about the same price.

Google also has a 60W charger that was bundled with the Chromebook Pixel 2. I guess you could also call that a "Pixel charger", but I meant the 18W phone charger. The 60W one works great with the Switch, MacBook Pro, Chromebooks, Dell laptops, and almost everything else that charges with USB-C.
There's a Hori car charger listed in the "good" section of my OP.

I'm not too familiar with a lot of other car chargers. Most of the USB-C ones seem to have questionable quality, but I'd like to hear about any others that are known to actually be good.
I feel like I'm posting about USB too much here, but people keep asking because it's easy to get confused about it. I just copied the table I made a while ago in [a comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/66i5gs/choosing_your_nintendo_switch_charger_a/dgjj67f/) and added FAQs and notes for outside the US.

I hope this answers what people are really looking for better than the other threads.

Do you have some specific need I didn't answer? Have a USB-C charger you're curious about that isn't listed? Ask in a comment. Just keep in mind that (other than the iPad one) USB-A chargers won't give you good speeds. This includes the chargers bundled with even the most recent phones by Samsung, Apple, Sony, LG, and HTC.

I'll use this comment to note some USB-C chargers I'm aware of but **don't recommend**:

---------

# Charging speeds vary

These chargers can give the Switch great speeds sometimes, but usually they're closer to just "okay". It seems to be random every time you plug it in. If the Switch is completely turned off (not just in sleep) when you plug it in, you'll almost always get those "great" speeds for as long as you keep it plugged in even after turning the Switch back on and playing. This happens because Nintendo's implementation of USB Power Delivery (USB PD) is very buggy. They're a hassle to use right for now, so I don't recommend them, especially since there are better alternatives now.

Charger|Price (USD)|Link|Notes
--|--|--|--
Anker PowerPort+ 5|$39.99|[Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01D8C6ULO)|Use the USB-C port. It also offers 4 USB-A ports. No USB cables included.
RAVPower 26800mAh USB-PD battery|$79.99|[Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01LRQDAEI)|
UGREEN 30W USB-PD charger|$17.99|[Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01GFE90H8)|No cable included.

----------

# Safety issues

These don't damage the Switch, but they can damage other USB-C cables and devices, especially if you plug them in to something that doesn't make sense, like another charger. If you know how to use them right and you're careful, you won't damage anything, but why risk it? Get something else.

Charger|Link|Notes
--|--|--
CHOETECH USB C 15W charger|[Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B017I7EX46)|
Anker PowerPort+ 1 USB-C QC3.0|[Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01CJ90J6O)|Any USB-C port that offers QC3.0 has known issues

----------

# Great but expensive + works with dock

If you have a USB-C laptop, feel free to get one of these or use one you already own, but otherwise don't bother. Plenty of chargers in my OP work just as well with Switch and are much cheaper. These are more expensive than Nintendo's dock charger.

Charger|Price (USD)|Link|Notes
--|--|--|--
Dell 45W charger|$49.99|[Dell](http://www.dell.com/en-us/shop/accessories/apd/492-bbuu)|Included with some Dell laptops.
Dell 45W Plus|$59.99|[Dell](http://www.dell.com/en-us/shop/accessories/apd/492-bbwz)|Use the USB-C cable. There's also a USB-A port for charging other devices.
Dell 65W charger|$69.99|[Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B071P91RRB/)|Included with some Dell laptops
Google 45W|$60|[Google](https://store.google.com/product/45w_usb_c_power_adapter)|Included with Google Pixelbook, 2m detachable cable.
Innergie 45W USB-C charger|$59.99|[Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0188PAD00)|

### Unconfirmed

These probably work great and with the dock, but I haven't seen any proof yet.

Charger|Price (USD)|Link|Notes
--|--|--|--
Dart USB-C charger|$99.99|[FINsix](https://store.finsix.com/)|
Razer 12800mAh battery|$149.99|[Razer](https://www.razerzone.com/gaming-accessories/razer-power-bank)|Use the USB-C port.

---------

# Great but expensive (doesn't work with dock)

Same as above. These are laptop chargers that can also charge an undocked Switch.

Charger|Price (USD)|Link|Notes
--|--|--|--
Apple 61W USB-C charger|$69|[Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01MQ2MPOF), [Apple](https://www.apple.com/shop/product/MNF72LL/A/61w-usb-c-power-adapter)|Bundled with recent 13" MacBook Pro models, no cable included when bought on its own.
Apple 87W USB-C charger|$79|[Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01M8O7W40), [Apple](https://www.apple.com/shop/product/MNF82LL/A/87w-usb-c-power-adapter)|Bundled with recent 15" MacBook Pro models, no cable included when bought on its own.
Apple 29W USB-C charger|$49|[Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00VU2Z3J0), [Apple](https://www.apple.com/shop/product/MJ262LL/A/29w-usb-c-power-adapter)|Bundled with non-Pro MacBooks, no cable included when bought on its own. Poor speeds with most non-Apple phones and laptops.
Nintendo hasn't officially said it will, but they did confirm the next Pokémon generation will be on Switch which pretty much implies it.

That's not happening in the near future. There are still several first-party 3DS games releasing through 2017 and 2018.
I agree with /u/Plebsolute for Apple's 12W USB Power Adapter.

It's no longer sold on Amazon, but you can get it for $15 from Walmart or Target. It's $19 from Apple and Staples or $22 from Best Buy.

It's smaller than the CHOETECH charger and it charges Switch just as fast. Good cables to use with the Apple charger include [AmazonBasics](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01GGKYO1I), [Anker](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01E9W8KYC), or [Cable Matters](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00S8GU544).

If you don't mind going a bit bigger and pricier, the $35 [Google Pixel charger](https://store.google.com/product/usb_type_c_18w_power_adapter) and the bigger $28 [Anker 30W](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B06Y427WT7) both charge Switch twice as fast as the other chargers and they're still smaller than Nintendo's.
I'd get either Shovel Knight or Cave Story+. They're both great games.

Probably Shovel Knight since I already played three other releases of Cave Story. eShop balance is shared with Wii U and 3DS so there's a lot of great options there too.
External GPUs cost a lot of money: hardly anybody would buy a dock that costs more than $300. Switch doesn't support Thunderbolt, so its bandwidth is limited to USB 3.0 speeds (not even USB 3.1 Gen2), which means any gains would be very limited.
It'd be nice if Switch supported 4K output for Netflix and other streaming services, but that's unfortunately not going to happen even when those apps finally release.

Edit: The deleted post above (not mine) said Switch shares the Tegra X1 with Nvidia Shield TV, which is capable of 4K. Why was it downvoted so much? That is a relevant point.

Switch can't do this (at 60fps) even with a software update because its USB multiplexer can't handle more than 2 lanes of DisplayPort 1.2. This is a common problem with current-gen USB-C devices because DP1.3+ is still rare and pushing four DP lanes over USB-C is rare too.
I had the same problem, but using an incognito window made it work for me. I'm guessing the poll has issues with old login cookies.
The best charging speeds you can get with that A-to-C cable is with the Apple 12W charger I described. Even the equivalent USB-A chargers from other vendors like Anker won't work as well.

What do you mean by 3-pin?

The only third-party chargers I'm aware of under $50 that'll consistently perform as well as the Nintendo charger are the Anker 30W PowerPort Speed 1 ($28 Amazon, needs C-to-C cable) and the Google 18W Pixel charger ($35 Google Store, cable included). Most USB-C laptop chargers for MacBook, Dell, Chromebook, etc work well too but cost a lot more money.
No, there's no risk. Switch only draws as much power as it knows how to use, which is no higher than 18W.

What Switch actually gets from these chargers is about 5V/1.93A (~10W) from the 12W iPad charger, 15V/1.2A (18W) from the 29W, and 9V/2A (18W) from the 61W charger. It draws less than this when the battery is almost full.

All three of those chargers are more than fast enough to charge at a decent speed while playing, but the MacBook ones in particular are just as fast as the included Nintendo charger. I don't know if the iPhone charger works at all, but if it does, it'll be so slow you'll have to keep the system turned off to see the battery level increase any.
Like every other device that charges, the Switch only takes as many amps as it knows it can use. Even if you have a charger that claims to supply 5A or 100W, it won't hurt anything since it won't actually supply more than the Switch tries to pull.

Besides that, the voltages are different, so your 6P charger is actually a lot *less* powerful than Switch's. Nintendo's is 15V/2.6A (39W), 6P's is 5V/3A (15W), and due to weird issues with Nintendo's programming Switch will only pull at most 5V/2A (10W) from that charger. Switch never takes more than about 18W when undocked which means Nintendo's charger will be almost twice as fast.

The 6P charger is still plenty fast enough. I'd recommend taking that one with you when traveling since it works well with both devices and is a lot smaller.
No, existing iPhone chargers won't work very well with Switch.

In contrast, Apple's 12W iPad charger and the 29W and 61W MacBook chargers do work pretty well.
Switch's UI makes it clear. The only way you can delete save data is if you choose "Delete Save Data" or factory reset. Game data is handled separate from saves.

If you want to delete game data for any reason, "Quick Archive" is usually the best choice. It leaves an icon on your Home menu that you can open to redownload the game with updates and DLC. This won't delete save data.
The 15V support doesn't matter, phones will only use 5V. However, the Nexus 5X tries to draw more than 1.5A which is bad, but usually just means you won't get any charge at all. [This is an Android bug](https://issuetracker.google.com/issues/37141018), but some battery packs and other devices have the same issue. Some other USB-C phones (including Nexus 6P and Pixel) don't have this problem, but they'll still charge really slow since 1.5A is only half as much as the 3A chargers they come with.

Basically, no, don't use it with phones, laptops, battery packs, or anything else that isn't made by Nintendo.

On the other hand, using your phone's charger with the Switch is fine as long as your phone isn't made by OnePlus.
Yes. Hori's product description says so: the same exact text is shown on the listings at Amazon, GameStop, etc.

>Officially licensed by Nintendo. After three decades of innovation as Nintendo's original peripheral licensee, HORI's done it again with the HORIPAD for Nintendo Switch. This sturdy, high-performance controller boasts an array of features including fast-action trigger shoulder buttons, a detachable D-pad adapter, high-precision offset analog sticks, turbo settings and more. Wired functionality provides lightning fast responses and tournament ready performance, while an ergonomic grip and a lightweight profile ensures continued comfort. (Does not include motion control or vibration feedback functions.)
Are you dragging the list to scroll? You can use the scrollbar. It's small and hard to tap, but it can let you skim through the entire list in an instant.
Hori's licensed-by-Nintendo HORIPAD USB Switch controller is just like the Wii U Pro Controller in this way: no motion controls, no rumble, no NFC. Nintendo doesn't seem to see that as a problem considering they made it work on Switch System 3.0.0.

The Pokkén Controller is like this too but it's also missing both of the joysticks which can confuse people even more.
I just checked further and it seems I was half right. Every DS4 seems to work fine on PC over USB, but only the new CUH-ZCT2 model (included with PS4 Slim and Pro) supports USB inputs with the PS4. Like with Switch, the option is disabled by default and you need to enable it in System Settings.

A lot of microUSB cables are power-only, so it won't work with those. I've spent an embarrassing amount of time struggling to pair DS4 controllers only to realize the problem was my cable.
Just like Switch does now, PS3 and PS4 controllers support wired USB operation. They don't need to rely on wireless/bluetooth.

For Nintendo, this is new. Wii U didn't support this; its Pro Controller needed bluetooth and couldn't use USB for anything but charging.
Yeah, I think this is new. I tried it too.

This is great for Puyo Puyo Tetris and plenty of other 2D games. It seems to work just like a Pro Controller without joysticks/motion/rumble; every game seems to accept it, but some like BotW are unplayable because of those missing inputs.

I'm still hoping for Wii U Pro Controllers in a future update. They still don't work.
I don't really know, but I suspect it's because of video/decoding acceleration. Modern processors support it, but the abstracted sandbox that Chrome apps run in might not. Android apps (apk, Play store) are probably better at this than Chrome apps (crx, Chrome Web Store), but I haven't tried it.

ChromeOS has a built-in video player which works at a pretty good speed with hardware acceleration. In the current form, it's pretty limited; it won't display attached subtitles but [there's a bug report for this](https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=585723).

In crouton, you can just use mpv, mplayer, VLC, or Kodi and get pretty good results if you're running a fullscreen X11 session. It will be very slow if you run any of those programs through Xiwi (which lets you run a single program as a window inside ChromeOS) because that breaks video acceleration. You might get better results with a Wayland window now, I haven't tried it.
Why?

If you have heavy CPU needs like huge compiling tasks or automated tests, use build/test servers, not a laptop CPU. 4-8GB RAM is good enough for IDEs, though you'll want more if you use multiple VMs. Storage is pretty limited but upgradeable in many Chromebooks. A few Chromebooks have high-quality displays that are great for programming on.

Plenty of developers work on things that don't need local GPU power. Plenty of developers already rely on servers for demanding tasks and don't use a laptop for anything but a web browser (for research, tickets, pull requests, email, etc), VPN access, a text editor or IDE, and a shell with SSH. Plenty of developers work on things they can't even run locally on their workstation like software for servers, mobile, embedded, and firmware.

Linus Torvalds, the original creator and head maintainer of the Linux kernel, used to use a Chromebook Pixel that he installed Fedora on as his main laptop. Some Google engineers do their work from Chromebooks.

Most developers should have a good desktop (or several), but laptops are sometimes needed.
> You're limited to the choices they give you

Not really. Anyone can make a program run in ChromeOS, but the main difference is that the system is incompatible enough with others that porting isn't easy, so your "less choice" is defacto but not technical. VMX-based VMs are one exception that inherently can't work, but I can't think of anything else. Chrome has USB APIs.

>Honest question: do the apps have ads on them?

Which apps? Whether you're using Windows, MacOS, Android, or iOS, you'll find some programs that have ads in them and some that don't. I haven't seen any Linux desktop software with ads but I'm sure it exists somewhere.

>There's a pretty big difference between Android and iOS and a modern PC operating system

There is, and I'd say ChromeOS sits somewhere in between Android and other desktop OSes in that sense, but I don't see what that has to do with being "a complete operating system".
Technically, ChromeOS is also a GNU/Linux distro, although it doesn't make any of those GNU utilities accessible to a user shell without developer mode. It does use GNU bash, glibc, coreutils, and more internally.

It's a little hard to distinguish ChromeOS from other desktop distros in a clear technical way, but it pretty much comes down to the ability to run native non-sandboxed programs that use X11/Wayland.
ChromeOS is at least as much a complete operating system as Android and iOS. It has apps, networking, multitasking, support for peripheral devices, local storage with a file browser, and more.

A lot of existing programs don't support ChromeOS because they'd need to be redesigned to work on it (thanks to security decisions in the OS) and they chose not to, but that doesn't make ChromeOS any less of an OS.

Linux is not a complete operating system. You're probably thinking of non-ChromeOS desktop-oriented Linux distros like Ubuntu.
There's plenty of other programs and reasons to want a regular desktop linux distro alongside or instead of ChromeOS

* For software developers, Android Studio, other IDEs, and VMs. Sometimes SSH and VNC/RDP don't quite cut it, especially for Android apps since USB debugging is important.
* Watching local mkv video files that have a subtitle track. ChromeOS's video player doesn't support this and all the video player Chrome extensions lag.
* Wine for running some Windows programs (I don't need this much but some people do)
* Firefox because some awful old websites still don't work with Chrome
* LIbreoffice for occasions when you need a feature Google Docs doesn't have

Some of the reasons I used to have are fading with time and updates thanks to ChromeOS becoming more capable. We have LAN/USB printing and SFTP now, Android apps on some devices, web apps keep getting better, and even Android Studio may be coming to ChromeOS soon.

I love the ChromeOS speed, battery life, update system, and even keyboard shortcuts, and I usually don't need anything it can't handle, but the option to switch over and use something ChromeOS doesn't offer is occasionally important.

Also, I got my Chromebox to use as a media center PC with Kodi instead of ChromeOS. I wanted a cheaper device similar to Intel's NUCs and it fit the bill better than anything else. I didn't let the preinstalled OS limit my choice.
Seamless online play. You shouldn't have to stand in one spot doing nothing while waiting for the gates to open; they should open automatically and in the background whenever you play. Give me a notification when one of my friends is online so I know I can visit them. Don't remove any features when a friend is visiting.

For people who share one system, splitscreen multiplayer is a must. Switch has multiple profiles which means multiple towns saved on the same console. Let them visit each other.
Some people won't use a case even on an all-glass phone, so the appearance actually affects them.

A bigger part is probably initial impressions. Reviewers and people browsing a store likely won't think too much about practical issues like that, so they prefer what looks "best" out of the box.

I don't use a case and I prefer plastic phones.
Yeah, it's just a standard USB-C charger. Motorola USB-C phones should get 15W, as should Pixel, Samsung, LG, HTC, and probably everything else except OnePlus.
I have two other reasons to want an alternative alongside cloud saves:

1. Subscription fee. I feel like you should be able to move between consoles without paying an online subscription. What if my friend/relative/partner gets their Switch after using mine for a long time? What if I get the Switch Lite when that launches? It may be a small fee, but it shouldn't be necessary to begin with for these uses. Even if I have a subscription, my other users may not and the benefits probably won't share.
2. Online services inevitably die. In 2030, if I want to go back and play some Switch games, this feature will probably be gone even though it serves some purposes that shouldn't need the internet. Admittedly, this isn't as big of a loss as Pokémon Bank will be.

I want simple SD card transfers, but I guess some local wireless transfer system would be almost as good... as long as it doesn't require that I transfer the full data of every account on my system together at once like Wii U System Transfer does.
Why? Unlike the original Vita, you don't need a memory card. The system comes with 1GB storage which is at least enough for saves and DLC if you get physical games.

If you care about enough Vita games or have a large PSN+ library, you gain a lot of convenience by having a memory card, but that doesn't make the system useless without one.

I'd still say not using SD cards is inexcusable either way.
ChromeOS uses ext4 for both system data (rootfs) and user data (stateful partition).

For removable storage devices, you can use FAT, NTFS, or HFS+.
It could pop after 100% and then your sound stays muted until you reboot
There's no way the current stock situation will last another 18 months.

I think there is a decent chance of a new revision as soon as 2018. Not a more powerful version, but rather a cheaper version that better serves the handheld market.
Game Boy Player can play almost any GBA game on the GameCube with a special hardware attachment.

Pokémon Box Ruby & Sapphire can, in addition to its main purpose as storage management, play Ruby or Sapphire on the GameCube by using a link cable to sync save data. It doesn't support this for Emerald or FRLG because it works by basically having the ROMs on the disc.

Also on GameCube, Pokémon Colosseum and XD are the closest things we've ever gotten to a proper console main Pokémon game. Not developed by Game Freak, but they let you catch, battle, train, and even trade Pokémon.
Animal Crossing was a home console franchise. The first game was on N64 (Japan only) and later ported to GameCube and even had a second enhanced release on GameCube. Wii had City Folk. Wii U is the only exception among fully 3D platforms unless Amiibo Festival counts.

For Nintendo's near future roadmap, Switch has not replaced 3DS. Nintendo hasn't made any official claims saying it will. As far as we know they could release a 3DS 2 next year, however baffling and absurd that decision may be. It would make a lot more sense to say Switch will replace 3DS, but that's only speculation right now.

Nintendo has emphasized in marketing and press statements that Switch is a console you can take with you, not that Switch is both a home console and a portable handheld system.
This quote says "for every platform", not just Switch. I don't see how this implies they're putting more franchises on Switch than any of their other consoles. Did 3DS have a Metroid game? Did Wii U have an Animal Crossing game? Did the N64, GameCube, Wii, or Wii U have a Pokémon game? Maybe spinoffs do count.

Pokémon isn't even technically a Nintendo franchise.

Besides, this statement is about a general philosophy, not a specific promise.
I think every Chromebook supports Developer Mode. In Developer Mode, you can freely modify ChromeOS itself and also install the userland for Ubuntu (or other Linux distros) inside ChromeOS with a tool called Crouton. Of course, x86 is better for this because a lot of desktop Linux software isn't available for ARM.

With some Chrome devices, like C720 and the Chromebox, you can boot directly into other Linux distros instead of running ChromeOS at all. I like having this option because the ChromeOS kernel is a little limited and Crouton won't change your kernel, but it's a pretty technical detail that most people won't care about.

Switch's dock only works with very few USB PD chargers, but all of them also serve as pretty good laptop chargers and should work great with CBP. As you know, both devices use 15.0V PD.
The Game Boy Micro was released about a year *after* the DS. In most of the world (US, EU, AUS) the DSi XL was released less than one year before the 3DS.

New 2DS XL existing doesn't say anything about whether Switch is actually a 3DS successor. It also doesn't deconfirm the possibility that a separate successor that isn't Switch (I hope this doesn't happen) could launch as early as next year.
> they intend to release at least ONE game of every MAIN FRANCHISE on the console

Like it or not, Pokkén Tournament counts as a Pokémon game enough to support that claim on its own.

That said, I'm still hoping for the possibility of Ultra Sun/Moon coming to Switch too, not just 3DS.

>Clearly, Nintendo is shifting all of its main games to the Nintendo Switch in the future

That would make sense, and seems like the intuitive way a hybrid console should be handled, but for now Nintendo is denying that and treating Switch primarily as a home console. I hope that changes at least by the time Gen 8 happens.
Ever since it was first introduced, I've always hated Chrome Custom Tabs. I really wish I could completely disable it and make every web link from every app just open in my actual web browser.

They seem to usually break or disappear when I try multitasking while one is open. They have other annoying limitations. I had to make a habit of opening the menu and selecting "Open in Chrome" almost every time. This seems to often break URL handlers. I'd rather have appropriate links actually go to my YouTube, Reddit, Twitter, etc apps instead of having all of them first open in a Chrome Custom Tab and then maybe half of them going from there to regular Chrome instead of the respective app.

I can disable this only for links from Google Now and Search, but not from any other apps I use.

Speaking of Google Search, it's ridiculous that after all these years the Search app still doesn't give you an option to filter by date range like the web interface does. For a lot of the searches I make, any results from more than a year ago are completely useless to me but the results page is always filled with them.
Yes. Both Japan and North America use the same plug and you don't even need any kind of adapter. It just works.
Yes, the wall charger cube is your problem. Get one with more power. Ideally, either get Apple's 12W iPad charger (to use with this same cable) or a charger that directly uses USB-C. [This Motorola one](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01M8MFCYQ) is a good cheap option. They both work just as well.

Other Standard USB chargers with at least 7.5W (1.5A) output will work good enough, but not quite as well.
With how USB works, that won't happen. All higher-voltage USB chargers use a lower voltage (5V) with any device that doesn't support the higher voltage.

Because of this, there's nothing wrong with using the Switch charger (15V/5V) with the Switch Pro Controller (5V).
Don't count on using the official Switch charger with any device that isn't made by Nintendo.

It won't work at all with some phones. It'll only work in certain situations with some other phones. It'll work but pretty slowly (at best only half as fast as every other USB-C charger) with the rest.

I don't know how well it works if at all with OnePlus 3, but I doubt it. On the other hand, I've heard OnePlus's Dash Charger won't work at all with Switch. If you want one charger to work with both devices you'll have to buy some other third-party charger that neither Nintendo nor OnePlus made. Google, Apple, and Motorola make good USB-C chargers.

Edit: The Nexus 5X is one phone that I'm totally sure has problems with Nintendo's charger. Some USB-C battery packs have problems with it too. I'm sure this affects at least some other phones but I don't know which ones.
Try turning the Switch completely off (not sleep mode) before plugging it in. Once it's plugged in, you can turn it back on to continue rapidly charging while playing.

The Switch has very buggy charging support. This is one of the chargers that suffers from it. If you want to avoid that hassle, you can either use an A-to-C cable (much slower) or a different charger. Or pray that Nintendo fixes it in one of their stability updates.
Yeah, PS4 controllers really hate QuickCharge chargers. They seem to be harmless to the Switch at least. I've seen a lot of people try all sorts of chargers both good and awful, but I have not seen a single report of any charger damaging the Switch. The worst I've heard of is one (the 87W MacBook charger) that makes the Switch crash and reboot.

It seems this charger actually works but has extremely poor speed with Switch. It completely fails to keep the Switch charged while you play it. You'll get only 2.5W (0.5A) while the Switch normally consumes about 6-8W while playing most major games. It should be able to charge the battery overnight but not much else.
I've seen reports claiming the Samsung Adaptive Fast Chargers won't work at all with the Switch.

Feel free to try it out if you really want to, there's nothing dangerous about it. Even if it does work, you'll get really slow charging speeds.

If you want one charger that works great with both the Switch and your S8+ try the [$35 Google Pixel charger](https://store.google.com/product/usb_type_c_18w_power_adapter). If you want a cheaper but slower charger, the [$15 Motorola TurboPower](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01M8MFCYQ) is good too. The Google one is almost twice as fast with Switch but they're both just as good with the S8/S8+ as Samsung's charger.
[Here's the US Amazon link for Anker PowerPort+ 5](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01D8C6ULO).

It's great if you want to charge multiple USB devices at once. I think it's pretty clunky if all you want it for is charging a single device, but it fills the niche of providing a fairly high-power USB-C port at a lower price than other readily available laptop chargers like Apple's and Google's.

The USB PD market isn't really mature enough for there to be a lot of good alternatives for that need yet. A lot of chargers are flawed and poorly designed, a lot of them don't have widespread availability around the world, a lot of them aren't even sold standalone but instead are only bundled with a device.

I use my Chromebook Pixel 2 charger for all my USB-C stuff, but it costs more 
at [US$60](https://store.google.com/us/product/universal_type_c_60w_charger) and it only charges one device at a time. I like the long cable and it works great with my Nexus 5X, XPS 13, and Nintendo Switch.
Do you know if this supports SeaBIOS or otherwise booting other OSes? It seems that feature faded away in the other Chromebooks more recent than my C720.

I don't think I could get used to that keyboard. That tiny backspace key bugs me. I love seeing another Chromebook display with Pixel's 3:2 aspect and HiDPI.
Samsung's AC adapter supports 230V/50Hz, which means you can use a cheap plug adapter [like this one](https://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/B000NPACOG) to plug it into your UK sockets.

The charger you linked should sorta work, but not well. Because Chromebooks don't support QuickCharge 3.0, this charger will only supply 15W, which is half as much as the included 30W charger. USB-C Chromebooks support drawing as much power they can get. It won't keep up with your battery drain very well. On top of that, QuickCharge 3.0 over USB-C has problems, and [one of the engineers who worked on this laptop, Benson Leung, warns against using a charger like this](https://plus.google.com/+BensonLeung/posts/cEvVQLXhyRX).

For best results, you should look for a charger that supports USB PD (aka USB Power Delivery) for at least ~29W. [Anker's PowerPort+ 5 has a 45W one for £29](https://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/B01C89H12K) and you'll need a USB-C cable for it [like this Anker one](https://www.amazon.co.uk/d/B01EMINIWW). Make sure the cable has USB-C on both ends, not just one. Any other charger that works with any of the USB-C Macbooks should work perfectly fine with the Chromebook Pro.
Switch doesn't currently support using Bluetooth for anything except Switch's own controllers. That's really just a wishlist of things I'm sure Nintendo won't deliver because they never seem to focus on UX details like this.

The HORI headset accessory already confirms that Switch can't send game audio to your phone, or at least not at Splatoon's launch. It also confirms the Switch itself can't handle the voice chat.
Text chat on your phone makes a lot of sense when docked because you don't have access to Switch's touchscreen. Some might prefer it undocked too because a phone is easier to type on, but it shouldn't be required.

Voice chat on your phone makes a lot of sense when docked because it lets you use wired headsets. Some might prefer it for wireless too because they can keep a Bluetooth headset paired to their phone for other purposes, but it shouldn't be required.

Switch and the phone app should work together interchangeably and swappable on the fly. Switch should directly support pairing Bluetooth headsets and should support sending game audio to your phone to let the app play it on your phone's headset.
USB doesn't guarantee this, but any sane implementation would.

If the OEMs really wanted to, they could have one port support charging and the other support USB host and audio accessory mode.

If they are interchangeable, like with the Chromebook Pixel, dual USB-C could let you charge from either side of the device. I wish Nintendo's Switch had this.
If each individual port is USB compliant, there's nothing necessarily bad about doing this other than the fact that it's dumb and pointless. The OEM doesn't have to work extra for edge cases like this because USB is already designed to guarantee they'll work fine. Even the phones that use nonstandard stuff like QuickCharge won't have any problems from this.

Charging logic gets a bit more complicated if you can connect a charger to either port, but that's already solved for USB-C by multiple laptop vendors like Apple, Google, and Samsung.
You don't even need an adapter. The same plug works in both Japan and North America.
Why would this mean that Pokkén is coming to Switch? It wouldn't be strange for a USB game controller to work on both Switch (Street Fighter) and Wii U (Pokkén). Both games probably look for a basic USB input device that supports the generic gamepad driver and they probably use the same button to keycode mapping.

Advertising Pokkén support for a traditional fight stick seems a little strange considering even the arcade version uses gamepads similar to the one HORI released for Wii U, so I doubt it's endorsed by Nintendo/TPC/Bandai.
They already killed that ghost with Nougat, replacing it with a more boring ghost that isn't happy. Now they're replacing it yet again with a blatantly ugly ghost.

👻 is the worst victim of Google's emoji redesigns. RIP. It's amazing that Google can kill a ghost of all things so many times. It's the Hangouts of emoji.
Yes, it should work, but it might not have auto-rotation support. Like every USB-C ChromeOS device, this monitor supports DisplayPort over USB-C. Every USB-C Chromebook can supply enough power.

This ZenScreen can even work with some non USB-C devices by using DisplayLink instead (which ChromeOS supports since last year), but its power draw can make things complicated.
Write-ups like this really help make vulnerability research interesting and easy to understand.

I never messed with the `fastboot oem` commands on my devices. I'm surprised how much attack surface they give you even on a locked Nexus device.

Using a failed flash to push a payload into memory seems like a clever trick.

Because fastboot is fast and the payloads don't need to be large, this is a really fast attack that can probably be finished and booting a backdoored system within 10 seconds after plugging in the USB cable.
I really like this idea.

I prefer digital games for convenience, but I hate missing out on the 20% Amazon discount on every new game and limited edition extras. The download code cases will feel a lot more like a real product to consumers than a card. Avoiding carts opens the potential for cheaper production of some retail games.

Splatoon has so much focus on online connectivity for playing online and keeping the game updated consumes a lot of storage, so it makes sense to use it for this.
For the Switch, as well as almost every other USB-C device that will ever exist that isn't made by Motorola, the USB-C TurboPower 30 will function exactly the same as the USB-C TurboPower 15. There's nothing necessarily wrong with using it but it's pointless unless by some chance you find it priced lower in a sale or you own a Moto phone.

A standard USB-C or USB PD implementation typically only uses 3A at most voltages or up to 5A only at 20V. Supporting more than 3A at 5V is permitted but rare and unusual. Supporting more than 5A at all is noncompliant but should be harmless on a captive-cable charger like this.

It gives 10W to the Switch, 28W to a few Moto phones, and 15W to everything else.
Yeah, just use a PC to copy the files over, the same way you do for swapping 3DS SD cards. Every SD card comes pre-formatted so you don't need to worry about it.

You don't necessarily even need to copy the files, but it saves time; everything stored on the card (except screenshots) is easily redownloadable from the eShop and online updates, and the console even remembers which games you had installed. You won't lose anything important if you just pop the old card out and put the new one in without messing with it.
> Nothing can save you from a bad cable

QuickCharge has issues even with good cables. USB does not.

>don't claim to be

Almost every QuickCharge device and charger claims to use USB and have USB compatibility. They shouldn't claim to be USB-IF certified, of course.

"Violates" doesn't imply an express claim. You can violate copyrights and trademarks without necessarily claiming that you're obeying them. Having a USB receptacle should imply you're using it in a reasonable way.

For USB and USB Type-C, other than optional features like USB PD, the physical specification is inseparable from the protocol.
What do you mean by "an otg switch"? USB-C is designed to let one port act as either a host or device with Dual Role Data.

The "OTG" you'll find on most microUSB (not USB-C) phones is non-compliant because it's technically supposed to use the micro-AB receptacle (which hardly anyone uses).

>You cannot put any power over transmission pins in type c

USB Type-C has allowed this with Apple's USB chargers and imitations like Anker's PowerIQ. [This will change in 2019](https://plus.google.com/102612254593917101378/posts/P2D2eRdrBDh). Because they require negotiation, they shouldn't do anything when plugged into a USB hub.
>The USB spec can expressly forbid whatever it wants. That doesn't make it sane or correct, nor does it mean that QC "violates" the USB spec. QC simply doesn't use the USB PD spec.

I'm not talking about USB PD. I'm referring to the USB Type-C spec. That's exactly what it means to violate the USB spec: some QC3.0 chargers use a USB Type-C port that is based on the USB Type-C spec and they do something over that port that the spec specifically says not to do.

>Using a shitty cable isn't a problem inherent to QC.

High-quality cables (electronically marked cables like the ones that can handle 5A or USB 3.1) are the ones most vulnerable to being damaged by QC. Either way, you're putting the cable through a situation it's not designed for.

At least with PoE it should be fairly clear whether your equipment supports it and won't get destroyed. cat5 cables are just a bunch of shielded wires but USB cables often have logic and are designed around the assumptions that the USB spec guarantees. You'll almost never see a USB-C cable say whether it supports QC3.0 or not.

>US houses do have 240V lines for appliances.

Sorry, I meant the outlets you normally expect to have 120V AC like NEMA 5-15 shouldn't be giving 240V. 240V appliance outlets use a different socket type for a good reason. Unless you're using a travel adapter or have an electrical problem like power surge, you should be able to assume an outlet in your wall won't destroy a device that uses a plug that fits because the receptacle and plug types are designed to reflect compatibility.

Sure, power over ethernet doesn't let you make that kind of assumption, but it's not really meant for the same sort of mass consumer market as AC plugs and USB cables.
I think this is a bug with the Nexus 5X. [I reported it to Google](https://issuetracker.google.com/issues/37141018) and it seems they're currently working on fixing it.

It might work after a future Android update.
The USB-C spec [expressly forbids](https://plus.google.com/+BensonLeung/posts/cEvVQLXhyRX) proprietary charging methods like QuickCharge 3.0 that change the voltage without complying with USB-PD. Violating this [can damage certain cables](https://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/50kog3/video_demo_why_noncompliant_usbc_charging/) if you connect a QC3.0 phone to a QC3.0 charger with a USB C-to-C cable. It's probably harmless on USB-A ports.

A comparable example with AC outlets would be if you made a house that has US-style outlets but is powered by a 240V mains. Sure, it'll work with some devices, but it'll fry others.
While that's true, I'm pretty sure that the issue of not charging at all from this is a bug with the device. None of the devices OP listed support USB-PD.

[The Nexus 5X issue will likely be fixed in a future update](https://issuetracker.google.com/issues/37141018). I've seen other reports that the Anker PowerCore+ 20100 seems to suffer from the same issue. This is the first time I've heard of someone trying it with the HTC 10.

It should work with the Nexus 6P, Pixel, Pixel XL, and most other devices, but because of the 5V/1.5A output it'll only be half as fast as each phone's OEM charger or basically any other USB-C charger you can find.
The amount of power given by the Switch's USB-C port is limited (0.5A), so you might not have very good results with using a hub to power things like that at the same time as other USB accessories like Ethernet.
Yes, it's safe to use. USB-C chargers support multiple voltages, so Switch will use the best fallback option. If there's a 9V, 12V, or 15V fallback, Switch will charge very fast. 5V is slower but universal.

Look at the label of your laptop charger. The "output" should have multiple options listed. A MacBook Pro charger, for example, should say 5V/9V/20V.
I checked basically everything about this myself on Switch's launch day. Here's a thread with the details: https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/5x948s/answering_your_questions_about_usb_typec/

To answer your questions:

1. Yes, you can use USB-C Ethernet adapters like [this Plugable one](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B011DDXGVC) with an undocked Switch. Just like USB-A Ethernet adapters, it has to be using a AX88179 or AX88772 chipset. However, it's impossible to connect this to the dock because an adapter like USB-A plug to USB-C receptacle is strictly forbidden by the USB spec.
2. Yes. A lot of PD passthrough accessories are unreliable and may not work, but in general it's possible. For example, I have a Plugable USB-C dock (UD-CA1) that I use with my laptop to get video+charging+USB+ethernet+audio. When connected to the Switch, it gives the best charging speeds (12V) and lets me connect USB accessories, but the built-in video+ethernet+audio don't work of course. Plenty of cheaper PD charging hubs you can find on Amazon should work too but I'm not exactly sure which ones.
3. Yes. See above. Other less fancy hubs that just go from one USB-C plug to something like 4 USB-A ports work fine too, as do plain old USB-A hubs with an "OTG" adapter. There's no point right now since you can't use anything but an Ethernet adapter.

Switch does not and almost definitely will not ever support third-party USB Bluetooth adapters. It currently doesn't seem to support any USB audio devices either. If you want to use a bluetooth headset, either wait for a system update to add support or stick to a 3.5mm headphone jack transmitter.
I like the blobs for just the facial expressions, but for human characters and poses I prefer Marshmallow's move to a more human appearance because of points 3, 6, and 7. At the time Lollipop released, I think Google's designs for the dancer and those other emojis was the right approach only because the unicode meaning (point 1) was originally supposed to be gender-neutral.

Going back to your point in the OP, I think the blob facial expressions were cute, especially in Marshmallow and earlier. If user studies actually show that more users thought they were ugly, I can understand at least the move to circle faces, but I dislike everything else about the emoji changes in O Beta.
In my opinion, the priorities of emoji design should be, in order:

1. Make it represent the correct expression according to the unicode name and description. [Don't make a "grin" into a grimace, Google](http://emojipedia.org/grinning-face-with-smiling-eyes/). [Don't make a "cookie" into a cracker, Samsung](http://emojipedia.org/cookie/).
2. Omit details that distract from the meaning; make it simple so that the important details like the expression stand out more at a small size. Ideally, pick a design that makes those details bigger; the blobs were great for this since the eyes and mouth are bigger than circle smileys.
3. Add details that contribute to, not distract from, the immediate recognizability of the expression or meaning. I liked Marshmallow's varying blob poses. For example [the 6.0 Fearful Face](http://emojipedia.org/google/android-6.0.1/fearful-face/) is a lot clearer than [Nougat](http://emojipedia.org/google/android-7.1/fearful-face/) or [O Beta](http://emojipedia.org/google/android-o-beta/fearful-face/).
4. Try to understand and convey the cultural image and meaning of the gylph. [Twitter, don't make an OK gesture have its palms up](http://emojipedia.org/face-with-ok-gesture/). Google and the others should avoid making that emoji look like hands-on-head.
5. Match the "design language" of everything else made by the same vendor. For Google's Material Design, that means avoid gradients or small outlines.
6. In cases where the unicode description is vague, try to match the general intention from existing vendors. Don't just blindly imitate every detail a certain other vendor did both right and wrong.
7. Make it appealing. For most emoji, make it cute. [Marshmallow and earlier had the best ghost](http://emojipedia.org/google/android-6.0.1/ghost/). Avoid quirkiness that can be seen as ugly like [Lollipop's Dancer](http://emojipedia.org/google/android-5.0/dancer/). Don't make the animals dull or ugly.

With this change, it seems Google shows a complete disregard for most of these points. I think they're taking the completely wrong approach to supposedly try to reduce confusion and miscommunication.
This is the first time I've heard of that DS4 issue. It's a good thing I never tried charging my controllers with any of those.

QuickCharge and Adaptive Fast Charge chargers are safe to use with the Switch, but they're both pretty slow.
This thread explains it well: https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/66i5gs/choosing_your_nintendo_switch_charger_a/

But here's my way of explaining it:

* USB-C with PD: Probably the best charging speeds (18W), but there are a lot of weird exceptions that don't work as well.
* USB-C without PD: Good. These are rated for 15W, but Switch draws only 10W.
* OnePlus Dash Chargers: Useless. Reportedly won't charge at all.
* Apple's 10W or 12W iPad USB-A chargers: Good. Switch draws 10W.
* Every other USB-A charger rated at least 7.5W (IQ, QC, etc): Poor-to-okay. Switch draws only 7.5W so you barely get any extra charge while playing.
* Any USB charger rated less than 7.5W: Bad. Your battery will drain while playing even when plugged in.

One of those "weird exceptions" is Anker's PowerPort+ 5. It reportedly gives the Switch a great charging speed but only if the system is turned off when you plug it in (can be turned back on while charging); otherwise, it seems to charge slowly. The new Anker PD battery is likely to be the same way.

A lot of these details may change after future Switch OS updates.
Yes, there's nothing wrong with doing this. The Apple 10W and 12W chargers are probably the only AC adapters that can quickly charge the Switch (2A) with a USB A to C cable. It's pretty good but not the fastest.
Android keeps turning more into a locked-down platform. What's next, will SafetyNet flag every device with adb enabled? Will the Play Store completely block anyone with an unlocked bootloader?

Making SafetyNet so picky and so easy to use opens the door to an enormous number of apps being unusable on unlocked devices and AOSP forks.

I prefer not to tinker with my personal phone but having the ability to is a huge deal to me. It's a big part of why I stick with Android and Nexus.
This is not a user-facing feature like you're hoping for.

Individual app developers can choose to, in just that app, include a support library to make sure that app can display newer emoji even on older versions of Android (4.4+). Downloadable Fonts means an app can reference less common fonts without bundling them in the APK.

This doesn't let user-installable apps change the appearance of fonts and emoji in other apps.
Unfortunately, these downloadable fonts seem to be a feature for an app to use for itself. I don't think this allows for anything like a font pack that would change the fonts across your other apps.
Yes. It's a hidden feature but pretty useful. None of Nintendo's other handhelds could do this because they mostly went with wheels or sliders instead of volume buttons. The DSi and DSi XL decided to give those buttons an extra purpose but Switch didn't.

Edit: [Nintendo's official DSi manual](https://www.nintendo.com/consumer/downloads/DSi_English.pdf) describes this on page 15. I guess it's a treat for the people who actually read the manuals.
I agree, that sounds good.

Using button combinations like this sounds similar to the DSi: Hold down Select and press the Volume Up/Down buttons to adjust brightness instead of volume.
January's Switch presentation showed a sample of third-party developers working on Switch games. Spike Chunsoft was on that list.

There haven't been any Spike Chunsoft games announced yet for Switch. It might be Danganronpa, Zero Escape, or Mystery Dungeon.
I think it depends on the kart parts you choose. Every part has hidden stats including separate ground and air speeds. Some combinations are faster on land, others in the air.
Yes, that's right, both the 5X and its included charger have minor USB issues. At least the 5X phone works fine with every other USB-C charger.

I don't know what the PowerCore+'s issue is, but it might be related. I'd like you to test something for me: Use the Switch AC adapter with the battery (let it fail to charge for at least 5 seconds), unplug the battery, and plug the AC adapter into the Switch without ever removing it from the wall outlet. If the Switch also fails to charge, that means the PowerCore+ has the same issue as the 5X. You can fix it afterwards by just removing+reconnecting the AC adapter from the wall.

Regardless, I wouldn't really recommend using Nintendo's charger with anything else but the Switch because it's slow at best.
Switch's charger is safe to use with any other USB-C device I'm aware of **except** the Nexus 5X. I created an Android bug report about this: https://issuetracker.google.com/issues/37141018

Basically, unless your battery level is too high for fast charging to kick in, the Nexus 5X will try to damage the charger. The charger tries to protect itself by shutting off. The 5X doesn't do this with any other charger, just Nintendo's, because of a unique combination of factors that doesn't affect anything else.

Every other USB-C phone will charge slowly from this, no more than half the speed of their bundled chargers, but at least it works and is safe.

Edit: It seems this issue also affects Anker's PowerCore+ battery.
Maybe DeX uses it.

USB-PD with USB-C makes it possible to drive a display and quickly charge itself and provide power to USB accessories simultaneously. It's pretty ideal for a dock. No previous Samsung phone can do all three of those at the same time.
If the vendor drivers aren't part of the kernel, it's possible you won't even need any OEM source code to make a custom ROM; it's just more binary blobs you need to keep. Of course, without that driver source code, ROM makers can't make as many changes without reverse-engineering.

A bigger problem, applicable to both Android and Fuchsia, is how locked down the devices will be. If you can't load third-party boot images or crack the system partition's verity checks then that's it.
Nexus 5X: Storage capacity more than anything else. 32GB non-expandable isn't enough and I'm at the limit. It's the main reason I'm considering getting a new phone less than two years later.

A smaller size and more RAM would be nice too.
The biggest reason that was so annoying is how different they all are. There wasn't a clear best controller since it varied by game. You can't even just get one P2 controller since some games require the Wiimote (eg NintendoLand) and some require the Pro Controller (eg Splatoon).

Switch is already partially guilty of this thanks to some games like Snipperclips not working with Pro Controller, but adding Wii U Pro Controller support doesn't really complicate things. You wouldn't need one and there's little reason to prefer it, but if you already have one then that's​ a nice feature.
During Wii's life, there were new Japan-exclusive GameCube controllers that were white and had a longer cable. With SmashU, they basically slapped a Smash logo on that controller and kept the longer cable. The white version was still Japan-exclusive but a black one was released worldwide.
>why would they need a new USB adapter

One possible reason: the Switch dock's USB ports provide more power than Wii U's and it has fewer ports, so it'd make sense to have a version that only needs one USB port.

I don't believe this article is based on any actual leaks, but that detail seems plausible enough that it could happen.
It'd be reasonable for third-parties to know about a theme store so that they can make a theme based on or maybe even bundled with their game. If they're getting OS update notes, it'd make sense for API-unrelated things like a browser to be included since there's not much reason to keep that secret.

Besides that, I agree. Knowing about controller API changes makes sense, knowing about Smash doesn't. Knowing about Netflix/Hulu/etc doesn't make sense unless the source is with one of them.
Which OnePlus charger? The original one or one that comes with one of the newer phones?

The OnePlus 3 Dash Charger doesn't play well with any other devices and I've seen people here complaining that it it doesn't charge their Switch at all. Most other USB-C chargers should work fine, but not that one.

Edit: Oops, I misread.
Yes, it is the same, but avoid the third-party seller listings that price it higher than $30. Amazon hasn't been stocking it but you can find it at retail stores like GameStop, Best Buy, and Walmart.

>I read somewhere you shouldn't use the charger that came with the switch to charge the switch directly

That's wrong. There's nothing wrong with doing this, but you normally won't want to because it's more convenient to leave it plugged into the dock all the time and buy some other charger to travel with. Buying a second one for this works fine, but third-party ones are good too and normally more compact.
Here's a guide that might be useful to you: https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/66i5gs/choosing_your_nintendo_switch_charger_a/

Only one AC adapter is able to give the Switch more than 1.5A (it's 2.0A) over a USB-A to USB-C cable: Apple's 12W iPad charger. Everything else, including that Anker charger, will give at most 1.5A/7.5W, which should be enough to usually barely charge the Switch but actually can't keep up with some high-stress situations.

The cable include with the Switch Pro Controller is just as good as any other USB A-to-C cable. You don't need to buy another one unless you want a different length.
I haven't, but I know they're good cables.

I'm sure they'll fit well enough: they won't fall out or come loose and they shouldn't be tight enough to damage anything. Some USB-C cables (like Anker's) seem a bit tighter than the others I've tried (Google, Nintendo, CableMatters, iOrange-E) so it takes a little more force to insert/remove them but they're still fine.
Even worse, that backwards compatibility won't last. The servers won't stay up forever and once they're gone you can't ever bring a Pokémon forward from past generations again.

All the servers for the DS and Wii games have been gone for years.
My biggest problem with the Pokébank subscription isn't even the money, but the payments themselves.

I can't autopay. I can't extend the duration of my subscription by a year right now. I have to wait until it's about to expire. If I forget about Bank for a few months at the wrong time of the year, everything will be gone. There aren't even any email notifications.

I hope the Switch online subscription covers Bank so that I don't have to worry about this again.
I've been subscribed to Bank since it launched, so I paid $20 so far. I paid $20 for Pokémon Box R&S more than a decade ago, getting a physical box and disc with a bundled memory card and link cable, and even then it's a much more polished software than Bank.

There's no reason this should be online at all. Having a cloud storage that you can only access from one device (thanks, NNID), which gives you a pitiful amount of storage, and that has absolutely no interaction with other users is completely pointless.

The only reason its internet requirement could ever have a purpose is if the boxes link with Switch in the future, which I feel is something that the Switch subscription should cover. GTS and Wi-Fi battles don't cost money, so why should Bank, which probably costs less in both development and upkeep?

Because cross-gen transfers are locked to an online service now, when the servers inevitably are taken down, your Gen5-Gen7 and VC boxes will forever be stuck where they are. This really hurts replayability for the entire franchise.
Oh yeah, I was wrong, Anker claims only 30W on the box but according to PD sniffers it advertises 45W with 15V/3A. It has some PD issues like split PDO that Switch might be picky about.
In my experience, its Chromecast support always works after a reboot if you don't mind waiting a bit. Just hold the remote's power button for ~5 seconds.

I've had issues with Chromecast support since I bought this TV in 2015, but I don't notice it often lately, maybe because I've been rebooting it so often for other reasons.
No, it's only 30W (for the USB-C port alone) or 15V/2A just like the USB PD batteries, the MacBook charger, the UGREEN charger, and others.

Switch's dock never seems to actually draw anywhere near that much power but this might be why it decides to reject all of those.
Are there any sources that actually give you TV specs with respect to stuff like processors, RAM, etc?

My XBR830C has the dual-core MT5890 with 1.5GB RAM and 16GB storage (partitioned with only 8GB /data). I got this from an adb shell. Considering how expensive TVs are, this really does seem pathetic, especially if the higher-end models aren't any better in this area.
I just hope Sony fixes the general bugginess. After one of the recent updates a few months ago, my XBR830C (2015 TV) has a lot of issues.

The entire system crashes and reboots occasionally. Netflix seems to crash often in the middle of a video, sometimes even twice in a single episode. HDMI CEC screws up in a lot of ways like randomly turning on my PS3 when I'm asleep and sometimes not transmitting dpad inputs. Device detection with my PS4 is so bad that almost every time I turn on my PS4 I can't get any picture at all until I reboot the TV.
This looks like TI's TPS25740A USB PD Evaluation Module. Here's the TI page for it: http://www.ti.com/tool/tps25740aevm-741

Unlike just about any USB PD charger you can find in the consumer market, this supports 15V at a full 3A (or even 5A) if used with an appropriate DC power source, which might be important to the Switch.
Just like USB-A, USB-C can be either USB 2.0 or USB 3.1. USB 3.1 cables are generally limited in length to about 1 meter (3.3ft) while USB 2.0 Type-C cables often go up to 2 meters (6.6ft). 9ft cables are possible too, like the AmazonBasics ones. Both types can charge the Switch just as well.
>taking away the USB ports, making all the power and data transfer connectors proprietary

What? Apple's doing the opposite of this. The current MacBooks all ditched Magsafe and everything else in favor of USB-C. The iPhone/iPad continue to use a proprietary connector like they always have.

You're right about the rest though.
The only place you can buy a Switch dock for $60 or without an AC adapter is from Nintendo's online replacement parts store.

The dock that's coming to retail stores costs $90 and includes an AC adapter and an HDMI cable. IGN falsely reported otherwise, but they're wrong.

Switch's dock is completely unusable without Nintendo's official AC adapter. You can't get HDMI output while running off battery power nor from any third-party chargers.
It's region-locked like all other 3DS systems. I wouldn't recommend importing unless either you want to import all the games too or you know what you're doing with homebrew.
I/O. With a development board like this, you can attach hardware components for development and testing. HiKey is the only remotely modern development board in upstream AOSP.

How do the people who make things like fingerprint sensors, cameras, and other sensors integrate those devices with Android before any OEM throws it in a phone? Development boards help a lot.
This is a decent upgrade over the old HiKey board from a few years ago which has pretty weak specs like 1-2GB RAM.

AOSP basically just supports Nexus/Pixel devices, Android Wear devices, Brillo devices, the Android emulator, and the HiKey board. This is useful for people who work with hardware, drivers, firmware, and modifying Android. AOSP docs describe it in [the selecting devices page](https://source.android.com/source/devices). I doubt it'd be useful to many app developers let alone end users.

Raspberry Pi 3 would make a lot more sense for hobbyists. There are signs that Google has worked on adding Pi3 support to AOSP, but the actual code isn't there yet.
Do you like to compare modern smartphones to old gaming desktops strictly in terms of GPU power? That's the kind of comparison you're trying to make here.

Whether or not the performance happens to be in the same ball park as a 2006 device in a different class of form factor is irrelevant to manufacturing limitations. The Tegra X1 is less than two years old. Its other components like the LPDDR4 RAM, USB-C, broadcom wireless chipsets, flash memory, and LRA rumble motors aren't particularly ancient either.

Pixel has been on the market four times as long as the Switch and probably shipped fewer units. They're both plagued with manufacturing issues.
Look at OP's chart. The charger you linked is "good enough". Not bad, but not great either. Everything I listed in both tables will charge the Switch faster.
I tested the UGREEN charger myself. The results are inconsistent and not great. The Switch usually draws less than 9W (15.0V at less than 0.6A) even when the battery level is very low, while my other USB-PD chargers give more than twice as much power.

Occasionally, at a small effectively-random chance (probably less than 20%, rerolls every time you disconnect it) the Switch can draw as much power from this as it can from Nintendo's official charger.

Basically, you're better off getting the Motorola, SONEic, or Apple chargers I linked from [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/66i5gs/choosing_your_nintendo_switch_charger_a/dgjj67f/). They all will usually charge slightly faster than the UGREEN one, they're all cheaper, and two of them even include a cable at that price. Spend more on the Pixel or Nintendo chargers if you want optimal charging speed.

By the way, I'm not saying this is a bad charger in general, but for the Switch it is. This incompatibility is probably Nintendo's fault, not UGREEN's, similar to the situation with Anker's PD PowerPort. It works fine with my Nexus 5X and XPS 13.

EDIT: If you already have it, that's fine, but it'll usually perform somewhere in between the "GOOD ENOUGH" and "GOOD" sections of OP's chart so the others are definitely better options.
It helps if you use guardian weapons. The guardians in some other shrines drop them. Try finding a "Minor Test of Strength" shrine.
Good point, I didn't think about that. It's technically possible to do LAN+charging when undocked but it's complicated and expensive.

Some USB-C hubs (like [this $40 Anker one](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01D0WE99C)) support passthrough charging, but they'll only work with some chargers (needs USB PD) and there's no telling which ones actually work with Switch because most of them are finicky. I haven't even tested the one I linked. Some of them have built-in Ethernet that may or may not work, others need a USB LAN adapter.
It's zero A presses now. You don't even need half an A press anymore.
I think the actual reason is probably just because this makes the dock easier to design. It takes a bit more engineering effort to make something like this able to handle converting other voltages, make it able to figure out the best way to use each charger, verify that the charger can give enough power, etc.

It doesn't actually complicate things enough to make it infeasible at the dock's price point but I guess Nintendo didn't think it was worth bothering with.

>protect the hardware from chargers

If that was their goal, it wouldn't work when undocked either.
Basically just because Nintendo designed it that way. The system detects whether you're using a third-party charger and [gives this error](http://i.imgur.com/lwuWEcI.jpg) on the console's screen without displaying anything on the TV.

There are plenty of third-party chargers (including the Pixel charger) that can give Switch enough power to keep charging when docked, but Nintendo rejects all of them anyway. They work great when undocked.
Yes, you can.
I guess it's easier to understand if I link some stuff.

You can get something like [this cable](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01COOQIKU), [this adapter](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00W98IJ0O), [this hub](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00XU6IMWY), or anything else that looks similar. They all do the same thing so it doesn't really matter which. Any of them can connect to the bottom of the Switch to let you plug USB stuff in. Switch has the same kind of port (it's called USB-C) as the recent Macbooks so a lot of these things say they're for Macbook but they work with Switch too.

Only some USB LAN adapters work with Switch. Here's a few examples: [HORI](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01N6S068R), [Plugable](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00AQM8586), [Cable Matters](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00BBD7NFU), [AmazonBasics](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00M77HMU0). Any of these work the same so get whichever one you can. They all work with the dock too.

If you don't care about using a LAN adapter with your dock at all, you could also get [this LAN adapter](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B011DDXGVC) instead which plugs directly into the Switch without needing another adapter, but you cannot use it when the Switch is docked.
Yes, it works.

If you have a compatible USB ethernet adapter that works with the dock, you can use it in handheld mode by using a USB-C adapter. Basically any USB hub or OTG cable designed for the Macbook will work for this.

There are some compatible USB-C ethernet adapters that you can only use in handheld mode but cannot connect to the dock. Plugable makes one.

Either way, to find out if an Ethernet adapter will work with the Switch, search the product description for a mention of AX88179 or  AX88772. Any other ethernet adapter can't work.
Do you have enough adapters for your adapter? That's quite a chain of connections you have.

To my knowledge USB extension cables are actually noncompliant. USB has certain electrical requirements for a cable like maximum allowed voltage drop, but when the user adds in an extension cable you're effectively creating one cable that most likely fails to meet those electrical requirements. Usually the only visible result of this is that you're not getting as much power as you'd expect but you managed to create an extreme situation.

Active cables may be able to mitigate this but you're not going to find one at a decent price. You're better off getting a longer cable or using an AC extension cable.

>All of my USB Type C -> Type C cables are incredibly short.

A reason for this might be that you're getting USB 3.1 cables. With USB 2.0 C-to-C cables you're much more likely to find longer cables around 2m/6ft or so. You'll get the same charging speeds with either type of cable.
You can search for any items I listed in [this table](https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/66i5gs/choosing_your_nintendo_switch_charger_a/dgjj67f/) on the UK stores for Amazon, Google, and Apple. Many of the Amazon US items may not have UK versions or be in the UK store but Google and Apple should have consistent selection.

For example, here's the £29 UK plug version of Google's 18W Pixel charger, the third-party charger that many of us consider the best in charging speed, quality, interoperability, and price: https://store.google.com/gb/product/usb_type_c_18w_power_adapter?hl=en-GB
It's perfectly safe. The MBP chargers are some of the best chargers (on par with Nintendo's) for undocked charging speeds.

The charger supports 61W but Switch won't draw more than 18W from it.
Yes, Switch supports 9V charging. OP's infographic lists the MBP chargers (both 61W and 87W versions) as some of the chargers with the best Switch charging performance.
Yes, it's safe to use the 5X OEM charger with the Switch.
Yes, the Pixel 18W charger works pretty well with USB-C phones.

It charges the Pixel XL and Switch at 18W and it charges every other USB-C phone released so far (except maybe OnePlus) at 15W. Future phones with QuickCharge 4.0 (which is PD compatible) can charge from it at 18W.
Unfortunately, car chargers have a very bad track record with USB-C.

Here's one example of how a Belkin charger sold from Google's own online store can *damage your car*: https://plus.google.com/102612254593917101378/posts/4hNug6vvjox

The author of that post criticizes more than a dozen other USB-C car chargers in this spreadsheet: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vnpEXfo2HCGADdd9G2x9dMDWqENiY2kgBJUu29f_TX8/pubhtml# 

I don't know of any tests on the HORI Switch car charger that is officially licensed by Nintendo. I suspect that Nintendo wouldn't license a product that is so terribly defective like a lot of those chargers are, so it's *probably* a safe one to use with any USB-C device. Otherwise, I'd suggest sticking with USB-A car chargers and accepting the "good enough" charging performance.

That said, Switch's battery meter on the home screen has some problems. Some chargers that do work don't give you a charging icon.
Motorola's TurboPower 15 (USB-C version) uses USB Power Delivery in an unusual way: it does not increase the voltage (which is what Switch requires to get any benefit from PD) but instead it supports a higher current of 3.4A while remaining at 5V. This means it should work only just as well as non-PD chargers with any device that isn't made by Motorola.

Technically, it's not totally compliant with PD 2.0: PD's Power Rules clause requires that all chargers that support more than 15W must support 9V output. Most other PD chargers on the market (including every Apple one) break this rule too. It's not a dangerous flaw but it is one that contributes to confusion.
USB-C devices and cables aren't as picky as you think. Every USB C-to-C cable that isn't wildly noncompliant, including every Anker one, should work just as well as any other C-to-C cable with the Switch.

A correction to what I just said: the cable I have is the 3ft version but I linked the 6ft one. Some longer cables (I don't know if this is one of them) have problems with 3A on something like the 5X, but the difference should be pretty small. It might give 2.6A or 2.8A instead.

>Any Anker chargers that can handle the Switch?

Not that I know of. I've seen some bad reports about Switch's support of Anker's PowerPort+ 5 (the PD one). I haven't figured out the cause yet since I don't own one myself but it seems to give 15V at such a low current that you're better off with 5V USB-C chargers.

Every Anker charger with a USB-A port falls in OP's "good enough" category when used with an A-to-C cable.

>the eMarked cables that are triggering the design flaw with the official Nexus 5x charger

That's the 6P charger, not the 5X one. The 5X charger has the same flaw but with every cable including non-eMarked ones. It's pretty bad, but there's no problem as long as you don't connect LG's charger to any cable that isn't C-to-C and you don't directly connect it to another charger.
Because you have a Switch and a Nexus 5X, this is worth warning about: do NOT use Nintendo's charger with the 5X. [There's an Android bug I reported](https://issuetracker.google.com/37141018) which can cause dangerous things to happen and could potentially damage the charger. I'm hoping some Google engineer notices and fixes this so I'd appreciate if people Star this bug report.

I don't know of any other phones that suffer from this problem but they'll still charge really slow from Nintendo's charger.

The 18W Pixel charger is much better at charging the Switch than Google's 22.5W charger which is limited to 15W per port or 10W for Switch. They're both just as good at charging the 5X, 6P, and smaller Pixel phone.

>does not charge Nexus 5x

Wow, you're right, the product description does say this. I'm pretty sure it's wrong: my 5X can successfully charge at 3A with [Anker's PowerLine USB 2.0 C-to-C cable](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01EMINIWW)
Those are called eMarked (or "Electronically Marked") cables. Any detachable USB-C cable that supports USB 3.0 or 3.1 data speeds or that supports more than 3A of current (for between 60W and 100W) must be eMarked.

For the Switch, it does not matter whether the cable you use is eMarked or not.

...Except in the very specific situation where you want to be undocked, connect the Switch to a third-party USB-C hub, and use a Gigabit Ethernet adapter all at the same time, and even then only after a future system update is released. I doubt *anybody* will ever want to do that.
Yes, PD 1.0 Power Profiles seems to include 5V at 2.0A, 12V at 1.5A/3.0A/5.0A, and 15V at 3.0A/5.0A.

It seems 5V/3.0A wasn't a standard output until USB Type-C was introduced.

Switch supports inputs that were either designed for Power Profiles (12V) or Power Rules (9V and 15V) so it seems weird that they'd limit 5V input to 2A for that reason. It's certainly a believable idea.

The Chromebook Pixel 2 and Plugable's USB-C dock seem to be USB-C devices that are based on PD1.0 Power Profile 4, but they both support 5V/3A as well.

It would be useful to know if the Macbook Pro chargers can exceed 2.0A at 9V with the Switch.
A lot of Anker chargers have a bunch of USB ports. As far as I know, they don't offer anything else with QuickCharge over USB-C, but they do offer a few things that have one safe non-QuickCharge USB-C port and a bunch of QuickCharge USB-A ports (which is safe). That distinction isn't completely clear from the product listings.

All of Anker's current cables should be fine. A few of their older ones had problems but those were recalled and replaced a long time ago. I'm not sure what you mean by "real" USB C-to-C cable, but you don't need any higher than USB 2.0 to get the best charging speeds.
Adding to this, any cable that is confirmed safe to use with other USB-C devices is fine for the Switch too. A lot of people already reviewed USB-C cables with the Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P, and Pixel phones.

As long as you're using a safe cable, the only differences that matter between cables for charging speed is whether both ends are USB-C (faster) or one is USB-A (slower). Make sure you get a cable long enough to actually reach the charger.
I'm surprised it's that cheap. I can't personally verify how well it works but according to the description and reviews it should be "Good" at a lower price than any other charger I listed.

Keep in mind that its included cable is fairly short: 1 meter or 3.3ft. Depending on your setup that's probably not long enough to comfortably play while charging.

Edit: Because the cable is detachable, you can buy a longer one. I added links to some 6ft cables in my post above.
I just edited this to add the iPad 12W charger and Apple Store links. I've seen a lot of recommendations for a UGREEN charger but ~~I can't confirm how well it actually works yet~~ (EDIT) it doesn't work as well as you'd expect and is usually slower than everything on this table.

It's her.
Here are some of the chargers that are known to perform "GOOD" or "BEST" with the Switch.

---------

# Best

Charger|Price (USD)|Link|Notes
--|--|--|--
Nintendo Switch AC Adapter|$29.99|[Amazon US](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01N7RUZ49)|This is the only charger you should use with the dock but it's big and doesn't work great with any phones
Google 18W Pixel charger|$35|[Google Store](https://store.google.com/product/usb_type_c_18w_power_adapter)|More portable than Nintendo's charger, great at charging phones too, 6ft detachable cable
Anker 30W PowerPort Speed|$27.99|[Amazon US](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B06Y427WT7)|No cable included
Google 60W USB-C charger|$59.99|[Google Store](https://store.google.com/product/universal_type_c_60w_charger)|Bundled with Chromebook Pixel 2, great for laptops, very long 12ft cable
Apple 61W USB-C charger|$69|[Amazon US](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01MQ2MPOF), [Apple](https://www.apple.com/shop/product/MNF72LL/A/61w-usb-c-power-adapter)|Bundled with 2016 13" MacBook Pro, no cable included when bought on its own; the 87W version might not work

Here are some other links for the Pixel phone charger: [Best Buy](http://www.bestbuy.com/site/google-usb-type-c-power-adapter-gray/5666950.p), [UK version](https://store.google.com/gb/product/usb_type_c_18w_power_adapter)

---------

# Good

Charger|Price (USD)|Link|Notes
--|--|--|--
Motorola TurboPower USB-C 15|$15.99|[Amazon US](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01M8MFCYQ)|Non-detachable 5ft cable
SONEic 15W USB-C|$19.99|[Amazon US](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B017BVLLC6)|Detachable 3ft cable
HORI Switch car charger|$19.99|[Amazon US](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01MZAUPD6)|Probably the best car charger for now
Google 22.5W Dual Port USB-C charger|$39.99|[Google Store](https://store.google.com/product/usb_c_dual_port_charger)|Two USB-C ports, includes one detachable 6ft cable
RAVPower 20100mAh USB-C battery|$57.99|[Amazon US](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01IVMXW7G)|
RAVPower 26800mAh USB-PD battery|$74.99|[Amazon US](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01LRQDAEI)|Can charge faster if you turn off the Switch before plugging it in. Avoid the included bad AC adapter.
Apple 12W iPad USB charger|$19.99|[Amazon US](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00A83I8G2), [Apple](https://www.apple.com/shop/product/MD836LL/A/apple-12w-usb-power-adapter)|Requires a USB A-to-C cable, better than any other USB-A chargers

--------

# Cables

I won't list prices here since they fluctuate a lot. Some of the chargers listed above have a non-removable cable. All the others (except the iPad charger) require a USB C-to-C cable.

**USB C-to-C**: For the Macbook, Google, SONEic, and battery pack chargers listed above. Here are a few on Amazon: [AmazonBasics](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01GGKZ1VA),
 [Anker](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01EMINIWW), [Cable Matters](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00WAKL6I8), [Aukey](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01B63F95A).

**USB A-to-C**: The iPad charger is the only one that gives good charging speeds with these. The 5ft cable included with the Pro Controller works. Here are some others on Amazon: [AmazonBasics](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01GGKYO1I), [Anker](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01E9W8KYC), [Cable Matters](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00S8GU544), [Aukey](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01C2MWDKS).

No matter which charger you use, it doesn't matter whether the cable says it's USB 2.0, USB 3.0, or USB 3.1. They all charge at the same speed. Just make sure it has the correct plug shape on each end, that it has good reviews at a reputable merchant, and that it's long enough for how you want to use it.
Limited compatibility with third-party chargers is a shortcoming.

If Switch was better designed with respect to charging, it should be able to draw 3A from 5V USB-C chargers and it should be able to draw 2.4A from Anker and RAVPower USB-A chargers. Instead, it's a needlessly complicated mess where an 18W charger provides 18W, a 15W charger provides 10W, and a 12W charger provides 7.5W.

If you know the details described in OP's infographic, you can figure out how well each charger works, but Nintendo's partially to blame for making this necessary.

Edit: You could also blame Nintendo for deciding on its 39W power supply which is totally excessive and causes their first-party charger to be bigger and more expensive than it needs to be. If they went for something more reasonable there'd be much less reason to think about buying a third-party charger instead.
From OP's infographic:

>The Nintendo Switch doesn't [necessarily] take all of the power a charger supports.

That charger is capable of providing 2.4A to some devices, but with the Switch it is limited to 1.5A which puts it in the "GOOD ENOUGH" category.
The USB Battery Charging standard is supported by Switch and most USB-A AC adapters for up to 1.5A. Any safe and compliant USB A-to-C cable will work with this.

Switch also supports Apple's proprietary iPad charging tech (for up to 2.0A over USB-A) but only with Apple's 12W charger. Other third-party chargers that imitate this won't support those speeds with Switch.

Standard USB power, without the Battery Charging extension, is limited to 0.5A for USB 2.0 or 0.9A for USB 3.0. This is the limit you should run into if you use a compliant A-to-C cable with a desktop or laptop, but not with AC adapters.
The 2016 Macbook Pro chargers are great and perfectly safe. Both the 61W and 87W version support 9V output so to the Switch they're equivalent to Google's 18W Pixel phone charger; they fall in the "BEST" section from OP's chart.
No, that's not a problem. Every USB device must safely handle receiving 5V input and this is a core requirement to USB working at all at any voltage. USB PD and voltage negotiation is an *optional* feature that some USB Type-C chargers may offer.

Plenty of perfectly safe and compliant USB-C chargers do not support PD and do not negotiate voltage levels. Some examples include Google's 22.5W dual-port charger, Motorola's TurboPower USB-C 15, and SONEic's 15W USB-C charger.
Not quite: Samsung uses their own version of QuickCharge 2.0 (probably the result of reverse-engineering Qualcomm?) in their flagship phones for the past few years, including the Exynos Galaxy S8. I don't think they have QC3.0 or QC4.0 yet despite the US S8 using Snapdragon 835.

Because Samsung doesn't license the tech from Qualcomm they can't call it QuickCharge and instead label it "Samsung Adaptive Fast Charger". I believe Motorola's TurboPower is similar.

That said, Switch does not support QuickCharge. The Qualcomm QuickCharge chargers seem to supply it with 5V/1.5A (7.5W) while Samsung's Fast Chargers seem to supply it with 5V/0.5A (2.5W).
> I have a USB-C 45W charger with a brick for my Razer Blade Stealth

Can you give the text printed on the charger itself? Looking for the DC Output rating.

I know that 20V⎓​2.25A should be listed there but does it mention other voltages? Like maybe "5V⎓​3.0A" or "9V⎓​3.0A" or "5V⎓​1.5A"? Its charging performance with the Switch should reflect the highest one of those numbers that is either 5V, 9V, 12V, or 15V. Switch doesn't support 20V input so it'll ignore that option and fall back to the next one.
Saying you should just throw away these chargers if you have them is a valid suggestion because of this defect, but I doubt most people who have them would see this as worth trashing them completely.

Because LG, Huawei, and Google do not sell these chargers on their own, I doubt people who don't already have one will obtain one because of this suggestion. I think it's still useful info to tell people that if you already have one of these chargers for your 5X or 6P it'll work fine with your Switch too.
Nintendo's charger is rated at 39W with 2.6A at 15V.

In practice, however, you'll never see the Switch draw that much power from it. It's pretty difficult to get it to even draw more than 18W or 1.2A.

Nintendo's charger also supports 1.5A at 5V for charging other devices besides the Switch. This means it can charge most USB-C phones but not very fast.
Modern batteries are better about this. Most devices, including the Switch, shouldn't be designed to allow the battery to charge fast enough to drastically wear it down like that.

For what it's worth, the Switch should in theory produce less heat when charging from a lower-voltage charger like the Google 18W (9V) Pixel charger than higher-voltage ones like Nintendo's 15V charger.

There isn't a simple battery cover for easily swapping the battery without voiding your warranty. The battery can be replaced if you disassemble the system.
No, there aren't any third-party chargers that are known to work with Switch's dock. Stick with Nintendo's AC adapter.

If any of them ever do exist, they need to support 15V output.
USB Type-C chargers must advertise how much power they can provide by supplying a very small current over the CC wire (NOT the VBUS wire that is used for charging) in the USB-C cable.

* If that current is 80 μA, the charger supports ~0.5A Default USB Power.
* If that current is 180 μA, the charger supports 1.5A USB Type-C Current. This is what Nintendo's Switch charger has.
* If that current is 330 μA, the charger supports 3.0A USB Type-C Current.

The resistor required in USB A-to-C cables makes the device detect the same result from every USB-A charger as a USB-C charger that advertises Default USB Power with 80 μA.

Regardless which current is advertised here, higher voltages and currents can also be supported through other means such as USB Battery Charging 1.2, USB Power Delivery, Apple USB Charging, Qualcomm Quick Charge, etc.

If you try charging a Google Pixel Phone, or basically any other phone (except the 5X), from Nintendo's charger it can only draw 1.5A at 5V. If you read the text printed on the charger you can see that it says "Output 5V 1.5A, 15V 2.6A"
Adding to this, Apple's 12W iPad charger is the only USB-A wall charger I'm aware of that is able to charge the Switch as well as the "GOOD" section of this infographic. Everything else that can charge that fast either requires a C-to-C cable or has a non-detachable USB-C cable.
The situation is better now than it was in the past. Amazon has been pretty active about removing any listings for bad USB A-to-C cables since they're on Amazon's list of forbidden products.

Unfortunately I can't say the same about cell phone carrier stores or other electronics stores.

Like OP says, even the good A-to-C cables won't charge the Switch fast with the vast majority of chargers you can find.
This isn't quite right. Though the vast majority of USB-C chargers you'll find do support 5V/3A, the USB-C spec does not require this and also allows chargers that only support 1.5A or even 0.5A.

For devices that use 5V input, Nintendo's Switch charger and Apple's 29W Macbook charger are both only capable of supplying 1.5A, not 3A. I don't know of any other chargers that do this; there's not much point since supporting 3A should cost about the same to manufacture.
Those chargers do have problems, but you're not quite right on a few points:

* They do not support USB PD at all. This isn't a problem; they're limited to standard non-PD USB Type-C charging.
* They won't "pump the maximum current to anything". They'll provide 1.5A to any device that only uses 1.5A. They'll provide 0.5A to any device that only uses 0.5A.
* They won't damage the Switch.

You're right on the point that, if you connect these chargers to something that doesn't need any power, that causes a dangerous situation of backfeeding power. You should never connect a USB A-to-C cable to one of these chargers and you should never use a USB C-to-C cable to connect one of these chargers to another charger.

On that point, like the video explains, these chargers are potentially dangerous and lose some of the safety guarantees that USB-C is supposed to have, but it's still just as safe to use them with the Switch as with the 5X or 6P.
For the Switch and every other USB-C device that isn't made by Motorola, this charger should work the same as any other 15W non-PD USB-C charger. OP lists it among the "GOOD" examples.

Despite using USB-PD, it does not support any higher voltages like 9V, which is what Switch needs to get any benefit from PD.

At the price it's still an excellent choice if you don't mind a non-detachable cable. To my knowledge it's the cheapest charger that can successfully charge the Switch in every situation.
No, Google's 18W charger has excellent USB compliance and shouldn't cause any problems with the Nexus 6P or any USB device I know of. The 6P will draw 15W (5V/3A) from it.

On the other hand, Nintendo's Switch charger has major problems with the Nexus 5X and will slowly charge the 6P and most other USB-C phones.
Short answer: For the Switch, not at all. USB 2.0, 3.0, and 3.1 Gen2 cables will all have the same charging speeds.

Long answer: The USB-A ports you'll find on most desktops and laptops support 0.5A for USB 2.0 or 0.9A for USB 3.0. With some devices that support downstream USB 3, a USB 3 cable will charge faster from a USB 3 port than a USB 2 cable will. This does not affect charging speed from AC adapters (which can provide much more than 0.9A either way) and it does not affect the Switch (which only draws 0.5A from USB-A 3.0 data ports).
Yeah, other than this Groupon sale, that SONEic 15W charger and the  [Motorola USB-C TurboPower 15](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01M8MFCYQ) are the best options below $20.

The SONEic one has a shorter removable cable while the Motorola one has a longer non-removable cable.

Google's 18W charger will charge the Switch much faster than either, but it's normally priced at $34.99.
Nobody knows anything conclusive about why Switch is limited to drawing 2A. Some plausible explanations include:

* Some electrical flaw in the console's hardware that limits the current
* A firmware bug that could potentially be fixed in a future system update. This would be great, making these chargers work better in the future.
* A "safety" measure chosen to avoid causing problems with bad USB A-to-C cables; those cables would make Switch think it can draw 3A from any charger but limiting it to 2A makes it less likely (not impossible) to cause problems. Those cables will still have problems with every other USB-C device that exists.
Yes, I've personally confirmed it works with 12V chargers, including Google's [Universal 60W Type-C Charger](https://store.google.com/product/universal_type_c_60w_charger) (which was included with the Chromebook Pixel 2) and a Plugable USB-C dock (for charging).

I like the Chromebook charger because it works great with my phone (Nexus 5X), my laptop (XPS 13), and my Switch. Like most laptop chargers, it's somewhat pricey.

You won't find many 12V USB PD chargers anymore. Most products created since mid-2016 stick to either the USB Power Rules standard 5V/9V/15V/20V levels or Apple's 14.8V level. I'm not aware of any USB car chargers that support 12V.
It's great if you can actually get it. Most versions are out of stock at Google's Store, a lot of retailers stopped carrying it, and there are even rumors that it might have been discontinued even though supply hasn't yet met demand.

Almost like the NES Mini.
Every USB-C cable is supposed to be able to handle up to 3A, which means it can handle charging anything up to 60W (20V/3A) regardless whether it's USB 2.0 or USB 3.1. Only a few cables can also support up to 100W (5A).

Some cables don't actually deliver the full 3A that they should, but Switch's power draw is throttled to 2A anyway so they're still close enough to not impact its charging speeds.
Chargers that support Quick Charge 3.0 on a USB Type-C receptacle are known to be dangerous and noncompliant to the USB spec.

To my knowledge, this won't actually cause issues with the Switch, but it will cause issues with other USB-C devices like the Galaxy S8 and other recent phones by LG and HTC. Since it's very unlikely that you'll never own another USB-C device, avoid this. The Switch will treat this like any other 5V/3A USB-C charger.

Here's a post that describes this problem: https://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/50kog3/video_demo_why_noncompliant_usbc_charging/

Basically, it can damage some cables. If you connect it to anything that isn't meant to accept power, you will cause it to backfeed power, which is dangerous.

This only applies to chargers with a USB-C port. USB-A QuickCharge chargers are fine even if you use them with an A-to-C cable.
You can, but:

* The system only includes one charger which you probably want to keep connected to the dock
* A lot of people already have USB chargers (or even USB-C ones) and might want to just use what they already have rather than buy a new one
* If you don't want to spend as much on a charger, plenty of cheaper third-party ones are still good.
* Nintendo's charger is big and has a captive (non-detachable) cable. A lot of third-party chargers are more portable and suited for travel.
* If you want to use the same charger with other USB-C devices like a phone or laptop, third-party chargers will work much better than Nintendo's. Every single USB-C phone that will ever exist will probably charge slowly if at all from Nintendo's charger: at 7.5W, but some like Nexus 5X might not work at all.
* Some people want to charge from sources other than AC wall power such as battery packs or car outlets.
Trying to power something like this only gives 0.5A. I don't think that's enough for the Pi3 but it might work with some other Pi models.

Yes, the undocked Switch can power other devices from the USB-C port.
The only solution is to find a way to avoid pressing the buttons. Maybe put it in a drawer, in a case, etc.

Any time the buttons are pressed it will waste some battery trying to connect. You can't disable that since it's how you turn the controller on.
Any cable that has USB-C on both sides is good for full-speed PD with the Switch. No need to seek a "PD rated" cable except when dealing with high-power 60W+ devices.
The Galaxy S8 charger is extremely slow with the Switch and the Switch charger is pretty slow with the Galaxy S8. They'll both work, but not very well, and it might be so slow that you need to be in sleep mode to actually charge.

Almost any pure-USBC charger (not USB-A on one side like Samsung's) other than Nintendo's should work pretty well with both devices.

QuickCharge chargers with a USB-A port are safe to use regardless whether you use them with a USB-C or microUSB device. Compatibility issues here aren't dangerous, just annoying.
The [SONEic USB-C charger](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B017BVLLC6) is US$20 with a cable included and is confirmed to work fairly well: better than any USB-A charger and able to charge the Switch while playing even at max load.

Some people like UGREEN's charger but I haven't seen any tests that actually confirm it works better and it costs more because the cable isn't included.
The USB-A chargers described in that article provide 7.5W to the Switch. The iPhone one is quite a bit worse, giving just 2.5W to the Switch.
Sorta but not really.

It'll charge so slow that, if you play while charging, the battery will go down. Sleep mode will be fine.
> Does the Switch make use of Wii Remotes?

No. It doesn't work now and probably won't ever work because it's so different from any of Switch's controllers. Even the Wii U Pro Controller doesn't currently work despite being so similar to Switch's.
Not yet, but Nintendo claims it will be after a future system update. The Switch Dock specs pages from both the [UK](https://www.nintendo.co.uk/Nintendo-Switch/Specifications/Specifications-1176277.html#2) and [JP](https://www.nintendo.co.jp/hardware/switch/specs/#2) websites say: (I can't find this on the US site)

>USB ports: two USB 2.0 compatible ports on the side, one on the back.*
>*Launches with USB 2.0 support, but USB 3.0 support will be added in a future update.

For now, both AX88772 and AX88179 should perform about the same. If you want better speeds in the future, get the AX88179. If you want compatibility with Wii, Wii U, and some other older devices, get AX88772.
> there was no standard to conform to

There is. Other than the Switch, every other device that currently exists and supports video output over USB-C uses the DisplayPort USB-C Alternate Mode standard. The USB and DisplayPort organizations both have authoritative documents describing it. Switch *sort of* tries to follow this standard, but it doesn't quite match so it's not compatible with any existing adapters.

There's not necessarily any problem with using the DisplayPort protocol to get an HDMI port. HDMI Alt Mode exists now but it's less versatile than DP with respect to supporting USB3 at the same time.
I haven't had any issues using Ethernet adapters with my Switch when undocked. Whether it uses USB-A or USB-C, you need to make sure the adapter has a compatible chipset: ASIX AX88179 or AX88772. [Plugable's USB-C Gigabit Ethernet adapter](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B011DDXGVC) is one that works.

You can use a USB-A Ethernet dongle both with the dock and when undocked (with USB-C to A-receptacle adapter) and with any laptop. You cannot connect a USB-C dongle to a USB-A port so they're only usable when undocked; USB forbids that type of adapter.
> Do you think the methodology here is sound?

It's good enough at least. Batteries are far from perfect at reporting charge percentage. It's probably good enough to say the number is between roughly 8.4W-9.0W. You'll never find a charger in this range so the exact number isn't too important.

Wi-Fi will draw more power if you have an active download in the background. Bluetooth might draw more power if you have multiple controllers connected with active motion controls (but BotW only allows one). Writing custom Switch software, connecting a multimeter to the battery, and directly testing the PCB components would help but aren't feasible options here.

>what you think ought to be covered

Here are a few of my disjointed thoughts from reading your article:

* It'd be nice to have more emphasis that this is a stress test, saying whether a 7.5W charger should be enough for net battery gain in a typical use-case with Switch's current game library.
* Make it clear that when you're referring to USB-A charger performance, you strictly mean the ones that can offer 7.5W. A lot of people get confused by the poor results when they try using lower-power chargers like the iPhone's or a laptop.
* You're testing with a 15W (5V/3A) charger and mention it has 10W measured, but it'd help to make it clear that's a limit of the Switch itself rather than the particular charger. It's unfortunate that Nintendo complicated the charging enough for a 15W and 18W charger to have such drastic differences. I hope this changes with a future system update.
* Make it clear that USB-PD is not the same as Qualcomm Quick Charge, Samsung Adaptive Fast Charging, or OnePlus Dash Charge.
* If you want to mention the iPad 12W charger next time, make it clear that this is an exception among USB-A chargers.
* Mention which version of the Switch OS you test with. I'd guess the chances are slim, but it's possible that future updates may impact charging compatibility with things like 3A inputs and IQ chargers.

When talking about power supplies, it helps to approach it from both sides of "Can I use my existing charger? How well will it work?" and "What charger should I get? How's the price/performance tradeoff?"

Sure, I'm up for providing feedback on a draft.
I don't use a case at all. My phone is already too big and I don't want to make it even worse. I don't care about tiny scratches on the plastic since I don't tend to stare at anything but the screen and I have no intention of reselling.

I'm normally careful with my phone, but I did damage it once. Because I had a big phone in a small pocket, it fell out of my pocket and onto the road as I was getting out of my car. Small crack in the corner of the screen's glass. Now I make sure to keep the phone in my right pocket and check the pockets before I buy new pants.

That said, I hate glass backs. I never damaged my Nexus 4 in the more than two years I used it for, but having that back made me feel like it might shatter some day if I just looked at it the wrong way.
If the plane doesn't have any AC outlets but it does have USB ports, you'll have to use a USB-A to USB Type-C cable. You can buy a third-party one from any electronics store (like Amazon) or use the one bundled with a Pro Controller.

It'll charge very slowly, possibly so slow that the battery will drain while you play faster than it charges.

As an alternative, you can bring your own battery pack.
Switch does not have any drivers for USB audio devices. You can't connect it to the Switch directly or to the dock.

If your TV has USB ports, you could try plugging the USB receiver into your TV. That might work with some TVs.
The AIs behave differently depending on the character.

For humans, each character has a different puyo dropset, but those dropsets only apply to a few modes like Party. In those modes, you'll sometimes drop 3-4 puyo at once instead of just 2, but each drop is still only 1-2 colors. The dropset affects the pattern for drop sizes. Arle Nadja, for example, will never drop more than two puyo at a time.
I think that's a problem with the battery pack. A lot of people report that you should always put your Switch in sleep mode before plugging it in to that battery. Switch is partially at fault here too so basically they're both just not fully playing nice with each other.

If the meter displays nonzero current pointing at the Switch that should mean that the Switch is charging even if the home screen doesn't show a charging icon. 15V/0.5A (7.5W) should be enough to give net positive charge in most situations even while playing.
That one actually has some problems. For roughly the same price, it's better to get Anker's PowerPort 5: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0196JB1ZS
Yes, those cables should be fine. You can't charge the Switch fast with that kind of cable, but it's safe at least.
All lithium ion batteries slowly lose charge (over the course of months) when not in use. Extra Joy Cons won't turn on by themselves when you're using another controller. The Wii U GamePad did this and it's really annoying.

If you leave them somewhere motionless and dry without any of the buttons or joysticks​ being held down they'll be fine. Rail wear happens from repeated sliding, not just leaving it alone. If you're worried about scratches of course don't just throw it in a bag full of other things without any protection.
No, it won't work very well, though it can at least still charge (very slowly) while playing most of the time.

In general, you'll only get good charging speeds from chargers with USB-C ports and only when using a cable that has USB-C on both ends. You only need 18W for ideal charging speeds (39W is overkill even when docked) but 15W ones are sufficient.

In multi-port chargers, the advertised power is almost always combined and you can't actually get that much from a single port.

Anker has USB-C models of the PowerPort line that'll do what you want.
If you don't mind waiting one more month, just buy the US release. It'll be cheaper than paying to ship from Japan.

You can buy games from Amazon JP by just making an account and checking out with your US address and US credit card. As long as the item is shipped and sold by Amazon (like your second link) you can choose international shipping. Near the top-right of every Amazon page there's a language selection.

The "imported" version you linked is actually the US version imported into Japan. You're better off buying it from a US retailer if you want that.

Yes, both versions of Disgaea 5 will match your system's language setting to play in English.
The IGN article linked by OP says it does not include cables and costs $59.99.

Considering this contradicts Nintendo's website, I guess this means IGN is wrong. Maybe they were misled by Nintendo's replacement parts store which already sells what they describe.
That made just a little sense for cost-cutting since you might already have the charger from previous systems. It's still a silly choice either way.

Nothing else but the Switch will ever come with a compatible AC adapter. If you already bought a second AC adapter for travel, you probably don't want to give up your travel charger for this.
Yeah, without 5V/3A or any 9V output, not a single phone exists that can charge from this at full speed. USB Power Delivery has a concept called Power Rules (which Nintendo ignores) that's supposed to prevent this and guarantee interoperability.

I feel like USB chargers shouldn't be meant for just one device. That's kinda the point of USB.

Also, this isn't Nintendo's fault, but the Nexus 5X has buggy charging support that seriously screws up with this charger and might be able to damage it.
Even putting aside the price, not bundling the AC adapter seems ridiculous. Everybody who uses a second dock needs Nintendo's official AC adapter for it; your existing USB chargers won't work with it.

Excluding it just makes things meaninglessly more confusing to the consumer. How many people are going to buy a dock only to find out at home that they don't have any way to connect it? How many will buy a third-party charger with it that won't actually work?

Edit: IGN is wrong. [This page on Nintendo.com](http://www.nintendo.com/switch/buy-now/#nintendo-switch-dock-set) was updated with the release date and still says, like it did since January, that the retail boxed version of the Switch dock is US$89.99 and does include the charger and an HDMI cable. The lone dock that IGN describes has already been available exclusively at Nintendo's online replacement parts store.
Nintendo's charger is actually pretty bad with phones. Nexus 5X outright doesn't work right with it while all other USB-C phones will charge slowly thanks to the 5V/1.5A output.

The cable is non-removable so you can't even connect it to anything with Lightning or microUSB. Most other USB-C chargers can work with iPhones and iPads.

Excluding iPhone, every other major phone releasing since around Summer 2016 uses USB-C.
Not a single phone charger ever made will work with the dock.

Samsung's phone chargers all charge the Switch pretty slowly undocked. As described in [this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/64qp5m/stress_testing_the_switch_challenging/) there are certain rare situations where none of them will charge the Switch at all because they only provide it with 7.5W at most.

Samsung hasn't made any USB-C chargers yet. S8 and their other USB-C phones still include a USB-A charger instead.
Just swap the SD cards and it'll be ready to use. You can split your library between two cards and it'll be fine as long as you remember which card has each game and DLC download.

Unlike the Vita, you won't lose any data or settings as a result of swapping memory cards.
If there is a check, it might be something as simple as "Does it support exactly 39W, no more or less?". USB PD gives all sorts of other identifiable data. You don't necessarily need any DRM-like logic in the charger.

Anker's PowerPort+ 5 supports 15V/3A but I've heard it doesn't work with the dock. I haven't tried it myself though.
Every store gets one? That sounds optimistic.
>Who uses the supplied adapter?

For using the dock? Everyone. You can't use your phone chargers with it.

Even undocked, charging Switch with USB-A IQ chargers is very slow. In certain cases it won't even charge.

Edit: There's nothing wrong with using a third-party charger undocked, but if you want to rely on one at least get one that has USB-C. You'll get better charging speeds. Most PD chargers work just as well as Nintendo's when undocked.
The dock's teardown shows a DisplayPort to HDMI converter. The Switch console uses DisplayPort.

Besides, the dock has a USB port that will (supposedly in the future) offer USB 3.0 speeds at the same time as the video stream is in use. I don't think that's possible with HDMI Alt Mode.

Switch's video output is a lot like DP Alt Mode, but the implementation isn't quite right for interoperability with third-party stuff.
You can't power the dock with an A-to-C cable. Any claims that you can are lies.

It only works with some 15V PD inputs. No 5V input. There may be some third party chargers that work, but if so it's not many.
They usually have more R&D, more testing, more safety features, and more warranty than an average generic charger. Same goes for not buying the cheapest power supply for your desktop. Those details don't matter as much for oil.

With USB-C laptops now there's starting to be more interoperability and more higher-quality options for any device, but those good chargers still cost a decent price even without excess brand markup.
It's a 39W USB PD charger. Not at all comparable to a typical USB-A wall plug in terms of cost, it's more like a laptop charger.

Ever bought an official replacement laptop charger from Apple, Dell, HP, etc? They're expensive. You also won't get prices close to generic chargers from an official one.
Switch supports drawing power at 5V, 9V, 12V, or 15V. I verified them all myself. It does not support 20V but most 20V chargers should be able to fall back to either 12V or 15V.

Some people here have reported issues with some third-party 15V PD chargers, like Anker's PowerPort+ 5, such that the Switch seems to draw much less current than it should. I don't know if this affects the UGREEN charger. If it does, the Pixel one will actually be faster. I don't have any third-party 15V chargers but I haven't seen this issue with any of my 9V or 12V ones.

Adding the price of a USB-C cable reduces your effective price savings by about half.
> aside from the Apple 12W and that battery with the readout, there are no other known cases of USB-A chargers delivering 2A.

I'm still confused on what's causing this. Unfortunately I don't have the equipment needed to test how this works.

Apple designed this charging method and everyone else who supports more than 7.5W over USB-A (without PD or QC) tried reverse-engineering it so there's no public spec (unless AOSP source code counts). There's *some* difference between Apple's charger and all the others that only affects the Switch but doesn't affect the iPad or any Android device that supports this.

This isn't the result of bad cables and it's not the result of multimeters affecting anything.
That 18W charger you describe is actually the Google Pixel (and Pixel XL) charger, which gives better results than the Nexus 6P charger does.

It's great; you probably can't find a better charger than that for an undocked Switch.
Nice article. It's great to see one that is careful to get these charging details right. Every other article I've seen about Switch's charging has some incorrect or misleading details. I remember a month ago you mentioned wanting to write this.

People here keep asking questions about charging in the Daily Questions Thread every day. Hopefully this helps get the information out there.

I'm surprised at this 8.75W number you found. Finding and reproducing the most power-demanding situation in this game certainly isn't easy. While a 7.5W charger isn't adequate for peak load, at least with BotW I doubt most people will be there long enough to have a net loss overall. Future games may have a more steady high load that will make this problem much more prominent.

Some details worth mentioning are absent, but I'm guessing part 2 will cover them.
You're right - for chargers. Every non-PD USB-C charger should be rated for 5V at either 0.5A, 1.5A, or 3A.

The device sees that your charger supports 3A and will draw whatever it feels like drawing that is less than or equal to 3A. Most devices take less current the closer they are to full battery capacity. Switch has a weird issue where it will never draw more than 2A at any voltage. This may or may not be fixable in future system updates.

This means any USB PD charger with at least 18W (9V/2A) will actually give 80% more power to Switch as non-PD 15W (5V/3A) chargers despite the numbers being so close.
> theoretically charge better then a pixel charger

As far as I've seen, Switch won't actually draw more than 18W over USB from any charger when undocked. It should perform the same.
> I expected the USB A-C cable that came with my Pro Controller to charge the Switch while playing. It didn't.

This depends on the charger you used.

The article says that, in the most demanding possible situation, almost all USB-A chargers won't charge while playing. Apple's 12W iPad charger is one of the few rare exceptions that will.

Because it's very unlikely you'll reach the maximum power load at all, USB-A chargers that provide 7.5W should be in practice enough to usually charge your battery while playing (at least for now), but it'll be really slow. Weaker ones like iPhone chargers and laptop USB ports can't.

>ideally we need a USB C to USB C cable, in a power bank that has a USB C (female) port?

Yes. Some of them offer USB Power Delivery (USB PD) on those USB-C ports which provides even better charging speeds than non-PD USB-C power banks.
To be exact, the Nexus 5X doesn't support USB-PD at all. Its problems involve Type-C Current, which is a simpler (cheaper and weaker) charging method on USB-C.

When trying to charge the 5X with Switch's AC adapter, the 5X often (not always) tries to do dangerous things, which makes the AC adapter shut off until you reconnect it to the wall. Nintendo's AC adapter is a bad choice for other phones too because it charges them slowly.

Third-party USB-PD chargers like Google's Pixel charger have the best of both worlds in charging the Switch and USB-C phones at good speeds. You can't use most of them with the dock though.
Yes. It depends on the charger and your battery level, but most USB-C chargers should give Switch between 30% and 140% more power than most USB-A chargers.

Even if the difference is only 30% higher (like 1.5A -> 2.0A at 5V), your battery charging speed might more than double if you're actively playing because that consumes a lot of the power.
USB Type-C can be USB 2.0. It's not pictured there because the plug itself looks the same, but a lot of USB-C cables and devices are limited to USB 2.0 because 8 of those pins aren't connected to anything.

For Switch, however, USB version does not affect charging speed at all. USB 2.0 cables work just as well as USB 3.1 Gen2 cables.
Not necessarily.

Some USB-C chargers, like Apple's Macbook 29W charger, won't charge the Switch any faster (5V/1.5A) than a lot of USB-A chargers do. Some USB-C devices, like the Pro Controller, will charge at the same rate either way (it's capped at 5V/0.5A).
If you want to use the dock, you need Nintendo's AC adapter. If you don't want to buy a second AC adapter you could just use a plug adapter to connect the UK charger to a US outlet.

Other than that and shipping costs, there's no other difference between getting the console from a foreign region.
Unlike GameCube, all Wii models had only one video output port. Wii only supports analog output, no digital. Wii Mini has less capable analog output than the others, which made it lose the ability to use progressive scan and component cables.

If you have some third-party Wii HDMI adapter, it probably converts from analog component to HDMI. You're not actually getting digital output from the console.
No, it won't damage the battery, but it might charge slowly unless it uses the standard USB fast-charging methods like the Nexus, Pixel, and Lumia chargers do.
Some third-party chargers, including the Pixel one you mentioned, will charge the Switch just as fast as Nintendo's charger.

Some of the cheaper (and slower) $20 USB-C chargers do include a cable.
It's 39W. Comparable laptop chargers tend to be more than $30 when bought from Apple, Dell, HP, etc instead of third-parties.

I doubt there's actually any purpose in Nintendo using such a beefy charger, but that's what they chose so you'll have to pay the $30 if you want dock compatibility.
Every Nintendo console and handheld other than Virtual Boy and N64 has had a revision with user-facing changes. Switch is unprecedented so there's no telling whether it'll get a better or worse/cost-cutting revision. Even if it does, don't expect one in the near future.

Some of the possibilities include:

* Larger built-in storage
* A cheaper handheld-focused version without a dock or removable controllers
* A cheaper TV-focused version without a screen, battery, or attachable controllers (like Sony's PSTV)
* A more powerful version (like New 3DS or PS4 Pro)
* A smaller or larger version (like GB Mini or 3DS XL)
* Design changes to the Joy-Cons or dock
Wii never had an HDMI port. Its only video output port can be used with either the bundled composite cable (480i) or a sold-separately YPbPr component cable (480p). Wii Mini lost that component support, similar to how GameCube also lost its Digital AV port with the DOL-101 revision.

Wii Mini also lost the SD slot. Its lost GameCube game+controller compatibility was carried over from another earlier Wii revision.
Unfortunately "still be able to use desktop programs" is an impossible goal in the general case. Phones aren't x86 based and you definitely can't emulate everything.

The next best thing would be if you can install and run software from existing ARM deb packages because a lot of desktop Linux software is compiled for multiple architectures, but I don't think even Ubuntu was going for this path because of wanting Snap instead.

What we seem to have instead, it seems, is Android and Windows Phone software that should adapt their UI to better suit a monitor when running on one. No Steam, no GIMP, and you inherit the limitations of an OS not even designed to give the users root access.
It's not quite like that for a key platform detail like display protocols. Every video driver, every GUI toolkit library, and more has to work with whatever display servers and protocols the users use. If they don't, users suffer interoperability problems. The extra engineering effort involved in Wayland vs Mir goes well beyond just the developers of both products.

That's not to say everyone should use a unified platform, but there should be some care with which parts are worth competing on.
Samsung just announced their answer to this last week with the Galaxy S8's DeX. Andromium is another similar project. They're both based on windowed Android apps so it's not really like existing Linux-based desktops.
I don't like glass backs. They feel like poor grip and poor durability for the sake of shininess. I disliked it when using a Nexus 4 and S6. That said, I'll settle for whatever I can get.

I like the soft plastic used in the Nexus 5 and Nexus 5X and the faux leather on the Galaxy S4 Black Edition.

I guess metal is an alright tradeoff to appease the reviewers and marketers. I don't like the feel as much as plastic and it can interfere with wireless (especially charging) but at least it's more durable.

I won't use cases. Phones have already gotten too big without a case and they're just overwhelming with one. My 5X probably won't even fit in my pockets with a case.
> is DeX a threat to chromebook and andromeda?

Do we know yet whether DeX uses the normal Nougat APIs for freeform windows? If so, its existence will actually help Chromebooks in a sense by creating more incentive for developers to optimize their Android apps for both systems.
No, DisplayPort Alt Mode reconfigures the SuperSpeed pins for video data. It can use half of them for two lanes of DP data (enough bandwidth for 1080p60 and 2160p30) or all of them for four lanes of DP data. There are also some Sideband Use pins which DP Alt Mode uses for auxiliary data, not video.

USB-C's USB2 pins (D+/D-) cannot be reconfigured for Alt Mode.
Unlike the LG G5 attachments, it doesn't look like the DeX Station is made to perfectly fit the shape of just one particular phone. There's a good chance (but no guarantees yet) that it'll remain compatible with the Note 8, S9, etc.
Pixel, HTC 10, LG G6, Note 7, and Xperia XZ Premium all support USB 3.1 Gen 1 on USB Type-C ports.

It's fairly common now among flagships.
Note 7 has USB 3.1 Gen 1. I doubt they'd go back to USB 2.0 for the S8.

If the DeX dock supports 4K/60, that bandwidth for that would limit USB data to USB 2.0. Some sources say DeX is limited to 4K/30, but [Samsung's official S8 specs](http://www.samsung.com/global/galaxy/galaxy-s8/specs/) claim the phone supports 4K/60 over DisplayPort.
I wouldn't go that far, but the Pixel does have fairly poor bezels. Bigger than both the 5X and 6P (which were already on the big side) while removing the front speakers that gave that space a purpose.

I sure hope the Pixel 2 trims them down a bit. Not to S8 levels, but maybe something closer to what the S7 (and every other Galaxy S phone for the past 5 years) has.
[This thread has all the charging details you could want](https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/5x948s/answering_your_questions_about_usb_typec/)

Most any phone charger works. The Google Pixel phone charger in particular is really nice.
It only works with some: any adapter with AX88179 or AX88772 chipset. Switch doesn't have drivers for Realtek adapters or anything else.
[Here's a thread with extensive details about USB charging and accessory compatibility](https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/5x948s/answering_your_questions_about_usb_typec/)

Basically, a USB-C charger with 18W or higher (except the Macbook 29W charger) is ideal. Other USB-C chargers will charger slower. USB-A chargers will be even slower, while the ones with less than 7.5W (1.5A) won't even prevent battery drain.

You won't damage the battery unless you get a severely malfunctioning charger.
A lot of microUSB cables actually don't have data wires and can only be used for power. Chromecast comes with one for example.

I've never heard of a USB-C cable that does this. The Pro Controller cable works fine with other devices at USB 2.0 data speeds.
Most phone chargers can, actually. Except iPhone chargers.

Anything that supplies at least 1.5A should be fine to charge while playing. Above that, charging speed compatibility is a bit more complicated but basically you'll get better charging times from USB-C chargers.
No, pretty much every phone charger should work perfectly fine with the Pro Controller. If it doesn't damage your phone, it won't damage the controller.

Charging speed isn't an issue either because the Pro Controller only supports 0.5A which every USB charger should be able to provide.

The S4 charger also works with the Switch console for slowly charging while playing.
The Nexus 6P charger has some known issues that are explained in [this thread from r/Android](https://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/4w1xf5/please_check_your_chargers_some_nexus_5x6p/)

Those issues do not affect its ability to work with either the 6P or the Switch. That issue can affect some other USB-C things but only if you use the charger with a different cable. If you always keep the 6P's cable attached to the 6P's charger, it's perfectly safe to use with Switch or whatever else.
It's the other way around, those bad cables you're describing will make the device try to draw too much power from the charger. Current is pulled, not pushed, so the idea of giving too much power isn't a problem.

Similarly, some bad chargers might lie about how much power the device can safely pull from them.
Most of the bad cables have been discontinued or updated by now. Any cable that is verified safe for other USB-C devices like Nexus and Pixel is also safe for Switch.

You can pretty much go with any USB-C cable that's popular on Amazon. Anker, Cable Matters, and iOrange-E cables are among the most popular good cables.
Adding to this, Switch also accepts 9V and 12V USB PD chargers.
Yes, Switch follows USB charging standards well enough so any charger+cable is just as safe (or unsafe) as with Pixel.
I can't find anything related to this in the AOSP issue tracker so ~~I'm planning to report it~~ (edit) I reported it [here](https://issuetracker.google.com/issues/37141018). I'm still really sure what the cause is. I asked /u/sylocheed to check the 6P and it seems this issue doesn't apply to that phone so I guess it's a 5X-specific bug.

I thought this might affect all 1.5A Type-C Current chargers, but it turns out the widespread 29W Macbook charger also advertises 1.5A and I've never seen any reports of the 5X having issues with that. Maybe it's the combination of 1.5A and USB BC advertisement.

>cable that the 5X reports as standard

I'm not sure if that's totally reliable. I got [this bad BESTEK cable](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0126N2TRA) a couple years ago but, even though I know for sure this cable doesn't have the right resistor, the 5X still reports it as normal. In this case though my 5X actually limited itself to what it said it would and just like with my compliant cables it never draws more than 0.5A from regular USB-A non-CDP ports.
Switch cannot pair any third-party Bluetooth devices. You can connect anything you want to the headphone jack including a Bluetooth transmitter.

Most laptops' USB ports won't give the Switch enough power. Some, like the latest Macbook Pro, should be able to.
No. Saves are stored on your Switch's internal storage and for now cannot be synced, backed up, moved, or copied anywhere else.

Hopefully this changes with future system updates.
>providing the cable supports PD

Every C-to-C cable does.

>allows to charge with higher Amps

it's higher voltage, not amps. You'll get these improved charging speeds from any PD charger that supports 9V, 12V, or 15.0V.

>if using a USB 2 to USB C converter like they suggest, i wouldn't be surprised to see the battery go down in some cases

This caps out at 5V/1.5A (7.5W) with USB BC 1.2. All of the power banks in the article should support this same power output on the USB-A ports.

As far as I've seen this should be barely enough to avoid the battery ever going down, but I'm not completely sure.

Basically, every battery pack they list should be fine for extending your effective battery life by its capacity if you don't mind staying tethered to a cable most of the time you're playing.

>NOT the 20100 version with USB C

Switch can currently draw 5V/2A (10W) from non-PD USB-C chargers, which gives significantly faster charging times than USB-A chargers. That might increase to 3A (15W) with a future system update. Either way it's not ideal but still good, more than sufficient, and better than any USB-A charger.

>I'm currently waiting for the RAV power 26800 with USB C to come back in stock.

There's a good chance that it's discontinued and being replaced soon with an updated model. I hope it gets a better AC adapter this time.
I think they got "2.1A" because one of their battery packs advertises that as its output rating and worked fine, but they didn't actually check lower numbers. The actual minimum is more like 1.5A.

Switch shouldn't actually draw more than 1.5A from any USB-A charger. Even with other chargers the console itself (without dock) won't ever draw more than 2.0A.

Also, that's minimum, not maximum. You can only get the maximum charging speed with USB PD chargers rated for 18W or higher such as Nintendo's.
>It was the 5X's fault

Is there anything about this in AOSP's bug tracker? There should be. I recently heard about the Pixel phones getting some charging-related fixes and improvements in recent software updates so I expect this is probably also fixable in software.

What version of Android are you running? I have build number N4F26T which should be the latest stable; 7.1.1 with March patch level.

>I even saw it draw >1.5A on a regular (compliant, not cheating) A-to-C cable on a USB 2.0 port, for which there is no excuse

That sounds weird. I've used my 5X with plenty of regular USB 2.0 host ports and it always draws 0.5A. You're really sure that's a compliant cable?

>Does it? It doesn't follow any particular official PD profile, but profiles are an optional part of the spec (you can choose any arbitrary combination of voltages/currents to support). Or are you thinking of something else?

With PD 2.0 since the beginning of 2016, Power Profiles was deprecated (the entire section is now blank) and instead they added Power Rules which I believe isn't optional. It basically grants a superset guarantee of voltages so that any higher-watt charger should always work at least as well as a lower-watt charger with any device.

It doesn't work too great in practice right now. A lot of older chargers and docks from before that change support 5V/12V/20V instead of the now standard 5V/9V/15V/20V. Apple seems to refuse to support 15.0V with any of its Macbook chargers including the new ones.

>depends on whether D+ and D- are shorted

I just checked and it seems they are, which surprised me for being a captive-cable charger. I guess that makes two things I assumed wrong about this charger because of not checking with my breakout board.

>Mind you, it's clearly not nice for Nintendo's PSU to trip hard like this, given how many noncompliant devices there are out there... but it's allowed.

A hard shutoff really is a good way to deal with what might be a dangerous situation that would just endlessly repeat if you had resets without user intervention.
Edit: I reported this bug to Google's Android bug tracker here: https://issuetracker.google.com/issues/37141018

>the Nexus 5X violates the spec and draws more than 1.5A

Really? That surprises me. I don't have any other devices that charge at 5V over USB-C but I figured Google wouldn't screw something like that up. I've seen complaints about LG's charger but never heard of this issue until now, maybe because 1.5A Type-C chargers have been very rare until now.

Sorry for spreading this misinformation. I just posted what I thought was the most likely cause for the issue I saw without doing thorough tests. And you're right - I checked with a breakout board just now and the official AC adapter does have 180µA on CC.

I just edited the OP to fix this mistake.

>not noncompliant

It still violates PD power rules, but so do most other USB PD chargers currently on the market unfortunately.

>Most other chargers will have a voltage droop as you reach or exceed their rated power, or may cycle and reset. The Switch charger is more paranoid, and shuts off until power cycled.

So the shutdown feature is optional, not required by USB or PD?
That looks like the Nexus 5X charger.

It'll work fine with Switch for charging at a fairly good speed. It's not that great in general though (completely unrelated to the Switch) because it can do dangerous things if you accidentally plug it into another charger or to a USB A-to-C cable. [Here's an r/Android thread about that problem](https://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/4w1xf5/please_check_your_chargers_some_nexus_5x6p/)
Electrical problems can cause issues if it's plugged in even when not in use, but if like you said there really weren't any it probably wasn't that.

Were you using the dock normally? Standing upright and without any sort of USB extension cable, cloth, or anything? What kind of devices and cables, if any, did you plug into the dock's side USB ports?

That covers everything I can think of that could've possibly caused it other than plain bad luck. Contact Nintendo to get a replacement if you don't mind waiting a while otherwise you can buy one. Very few if any third-party AC adapters work with the dock so you need the official one.
This is the first report I've seen of it failing. Do you have any idea what caused the issues? The last time it successfully worked, were you using it docked or undocked?

Have you ever used that charger to charge your phone or any other USB-C device that isn't made by Nintendo? Some of them have issues with it.

Alternatively, did you plug it into a faulty outlet with flickering power? A bad power strip? Use it during a thunderstorm or other surge? Contact with a pet or water?
That's an error in marketing. It's actually a USB 2.0 Type-A to USB 2.0 Type-C cable. Whoever wrote this product description seems to have the same misconception I was describing.

You're right, it doesn't make sense to have any USB cable with a different USB version on one end than another.
USB 3 requires a lot more wires than USB 2, which means more shielding, thicker cables, and more expensive cables. It also reduces the length you can get without an active cable which increases the price even further.

Those tradeoffs are worth it if you want a SuperSpeed external drive (for a laptop) or a video stream or Gigabit Ethernet, but not for charging or much else so you'll probably find more 2.0 than 3.1 cables on the market. Even the Pixel phone, which supports USB 3.1, includes a USB 2.0 cable instead.

"USB 3.1 Type-C" describes two standards that work well together and were created at about the same time, which leads to a bit of confusion from people who don't realize they're separate.
I explained that in my original post.

USB 2.0 vs 3.0 mainly affects data speeds. Because you'll only use this cable for charging from dedicated chargers, the data speeds don't matter at all so either kind is fine. 2.0 cables tend to cost less.
Wait for the battery to drop low before using the battery to maximize your power.

Switch won't fast charge except when at lower battery levels. There's overhead with having the battery active at all so you're better off draining it faster whenever it is on.
Those pages don't give me enough info to really tell.

That charger might, at best, be able to power the Switch with just barely enough to keep charging while you play. I expect it's more likely that it'll struggle to slightly slow down how fast the battery drains. Since you already own it, you can just buy a cable for it and try it out for a bit before deciding whether to get a different charger that you can use the same cable with.

That review you're referring to means that the cable can permanently damage the charger you connect it to. Don't use it.
That one looks like it should be good but Amazon stopped selling it.

I don't know if they're just sold out or if it's discontinued and might be replaced with a different model.
The Pixel and SONEic chargers I linked in the OP each include a cable.

You'll have to buy a car charger separately. The third-party market for USB-C car chargers is somewhat a mess right now so you're better off just sticking to the Nintendo-licensed Hori one.

Edit: If it's out of stock and you need to buy a car charger sooner, it's probably best to get a USB-A car charger and buy a cable separately. It will charge slower than a USB-C charger but at least you can pick a reliable charger.
The FAQ looks like it was written before launch and could use a bit of updating. Some of these answers in particular:

>Does the Switch have Amiibo support?

The Pro Controller also supports NFC.

>How powerful is the Nintendo Switch compared to other game consoles?

A lot of the uncertain pre-release details here are unrelated to the question.

>How do you charge the Switch console?

Without the dock, you can connect it directly to USB Type-C AC adapters and to car chargers too.

>Will the Switch replace the Wii U or 3DS?

It already has replaced the Wii U.
Like was mentioned in another comment, I described a lot of details about USB accessories in this thread: https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/5x948s/answering_your_questions_about_usb_typec/

I'm fine with the mods adding any info they're interested in from my post to the wiki.

As for your region question, Nintendo's AC adapter says it accepts any AC input between 100V-240V at 50/60Hz so it should be safe to use with adapters in any country. Most other modern USB chargers (including the Pixel charger I like to recommend) are the same way but you should always read the text printed on a charger before plugging it in. US uses 120V/60Hz but most of Europe uses 230-240V at 50Hz.
The number of good USB-C batteries is very limited right now. I don't own any, but the RAVPower 20100mAh battery (RP-PB043_02) seems to likely be the best one (at less than $100) for now. There will probably be better ones out later this year.

The same stuff I described about charging compatibility for AC adapters applies to batteries too, but with the extra complication that a lot of USB-C batteries have issues with Dual Role Power so they might drain the Switch unless you press a button or something.
Modems require drivers and firmware blobs. Modem drivers are likely the most complicated ones your phone has. Sure, it reduces the number of drivers you have to hope Qualcomm actually gives you, but you're still reliant on them.
Snipperclips and likely some other future games won't let you use anything but a single Joy-Con per player. For anything that does support using two joy-cons, you can either hold them separately or use the grip and it doesn't change anything.
Having more than 8GB of onboard storage would be nice too.
Despite being so old, Nexus Player is still the newest Android TV device in AOSP. There's a little more motivation for Google to keep something like that when there's no replacement or alternative for testing and previewing the Android TV platform.

I'm a little surprised there wasn't a new Nexus Player in 2016. Maybe this year.

Some previous Nexus devices have used non-Qualcomm hardware like Tegra, Exynos, and TI and still never lasted three years on full system updates, so you can't completely pin all the blame on Qualcomm alone.
Embedded kernels aren't the happy world of upstreamed drivers and standardized bootloaders and hardware discoverability that x86 PCs tend to be. Basically every device family has its own kernel source with a lot more different than just the defconfig file.

Even on desktops you don't really have a single "the Linux kernel source" because most major distros have their own set of patches to it.
ROM developers don't need to comply with component manufacturers' contracts with the OEMs, spend anywhere near as much time testing, involve carriers in the testing process, comply with Google Play's compatibility requirements, or deal with other legal messes related to patents and codecs and firmware and bundled ~~bloatware~~ software. They also often have more motivation to create substantial updates for existing devices than the OEMs do.

That said, I don't really get the impression that system update longevity is a high priority for Google.
Even Google has its limits when it comes to negotiating with companies like Qualcomm.

The unfortunate situation is that the market will accept a lack of updates on devices which get replaced much more often than PCs and that cell (and other embedded) manufacturers have been for decades used to customizing everything with blobs and BSPs instead of open-source upstreamed drivers and universal interfaces like BIOS and UEFI. Google was forced to allow this mess in order for Android to be adopted at all by the manufacturers.
Using Qualcomm's modems instead of the whole SoC doesn't fix the problem of needing Qualcomm drivers.

Google just made a big deal with Verizon for the Pixel phones. Google Fi relies on Sprint's CDMA service. Verizon and later Sprint might eventually drop CMDA but not in the near future.
Yes, that's fine.

Google's dual-port charger will still charge the Switch at a fairly good speed (the same speed as your 6P charger) but it's still less than ideal. Each port is limited to 15W but Switch will only draw 10W from it. For the Macbook Pro in particular that charging speed is probably outright bad.

I don't know of any other good chargers with multiple USB-C ports. Anker's PowerPort+ 5 has one good USB-C port but the other devices will have to compromise with a USB-A port.

The Macbook Pro USB-C charger should be great for charging all of your USB-C devices but of course only one at a time.
Some pieces of armor are given to you at certain points in the story. A couple other items are optional quest rewards. Some can be obtained in shrines.

Most (but not all) of the armor you can buy in stores is exclusive to that store.
1. Batteries are a lot better than they used to be
2. Yes, it works great. It charges the Switch (undocked only) as fast as Nintendo's official charger and is much better quality in general.
I made a megathread about USB-C accessories a few weeks ago: https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/5x948s/answering_your_questions_about_usb_typec/

The 6P charger has a minor flaw that manifests only if you use a certain kind of cable (not the one included with it) and connect it to certain things that wouldn't even make sense to connect to a charger (like another charger or the USB host ports on a PC).

It's perfectly safe to use with the Switch or any other devices that charges over USB-C, but I wouldn't quite say it's perfectly safe in general.

That dual-port Google charger is good quality, but not very great charging speeds for the price unless you want to use both charging ports at the same time. The Pixel charger (if google sells it in your country) is cheaper and will charge the Switch about twice as fast.
Switch is a lot better about swapping memory cards than Vita.

You have to fully shut down the system every time you swap or remove SD cards (not hot-swappable), but you won't lose anything by doing so. If you have small SD cards it's fine to store some games on one and some on the other but you'll have to also keep track of which card has the update files for physical games.

System settings and save data is always stored on the internal memory. It's not like how Vita requires you to redo the system setup every time.
Yes, Breath of the Wild has already received a software update. Switch installs the updates to the SD card or internal storage. If you move the cartridge to another system it won't have the update on it until they download the update too.
Essentially yes.

Any game that stores save data will prompt you for a user selection, but the prompt isn't necessarily when the game is launched. Some games will ask for user selection only at a certain point inside the game and might even let multiple players select different accounts at the same time. Games that don't use any save data (like some current demos) won't ask for user selection at all.
Yes, any safe USB-A charger is fine and that cable is good. You'll get a fairly slow charge, but it should be barely enough to keep charging even while you play.
It's only a matter of time before they replace it with Pixel Clawitzer.
More RAM, more storage, display, speakers, battery, many more accessories included, and a microSDXC slot all for a 50% higher (+$100) price.
Switch isn't a phone that needs multitasking and it isn't a PS4 that needs more memory for the more powerful graphics and nonstop video recording. More RAM would of course be better, but they probably decided it wasn't worth compromising their target price or ability to sell at a profit. 4GB is still twice what the Wii U had and 6-32 times higher than 3DS and Vita. At least it uses DDR4 instead of DDR3.
My Nexus 5X was $430 with 2GB, but I'll admit that was more than a year ago. You still can't get a better Google phone for less because the Pixel is priced so high.

Moto G5 is about $300 with 2GB. Most of Sony's current Xperia phones cost that much or more with 2-3GB. Samsung's current A and J series all have 2-3GB RAM. Plenty of carriers still sell older flagships with 2GB RAM for about $300-$400. OnePlus is an exception and outdoes even all the major US flagships on the market in RAM.
When I first saw Switch specs, I thought 4GB DDR4 was a pleasant surprise. I expected more like 2GB (putting it on par with Wii U) or maybe 3GB (like the Shield TV).

Plenty of similarly-priced Android phones are limited to 2GB RAM. iPhone is too.
That happens pretty often with RPGs. The Tales Of series did the same thing with Symphonia and Vesperia. Presumably they decided the localization effort wasn't worth it for releasing a game that Americans basically already have.
You actually can. Basically the entire series is available on two PS4 games: 1.5+2.5 Final Mix and 2.8 Final Chapter Prologue. No word yet on ports to any other platforms like Switch or PC.

The only limitations in the collection are that the two DS games were remade in cinematic form (no gameplay) and the most recent mobile game is missing.
> predictable via a quick visual inspection

We already lost that years ago when everybody started putting USB OTG in their phones, especially because they all use the wrong connector which makes it look like a normal USB Micro-B receptacle despite being able to act as a host.

Some microUSB ports work with MHL for video output, some SlimPort, some DisplayLink. Some of them support higher charging speeds with USB's Battery Charging standard, some use Qualcomm's Quick Charge, some use Apple's proprietary charging method, some use something else entirely. Some USB-A ports support USB2, some USB3. None of that is predictable by appearance.

Having different ports for every different purpose isn't the right way to get predictability. That's part of why USB exists: it already helps us avoid needing different ports for mice, keyboards, printers, power, serial devices, MIDI devices, etc. Should I be not able to use external keyboards on my laptop because the manufacturer didn't specifically design it to have that feature? Should my HDMI 1.4 devices be incompatible with HDMI 2.0 cables because the capabilities are different? Combining features also helps open up new uses like flash drives (data+power on one port), docks, etc.

I doubt USB should completely replace HDMI/DP ports because it's worse about supporting long cables, but having the option to output video over USB sure beats losing video output because of engineers seeing the port as unimportant. The tradeoff isn't just size but also cost, durability, and more.
I get that wider adoption of USB PD would be nice and help avoid having a phone supply power to a battery bank but is it really necessary to fix this particular problem?

The problem described in that article is that the battery pack initially supplied power but, while leaving it plugged in overnight, automatically reset, switched roles while reconfiguring, and started draining power. Shouldn't it be able to keep the initial power role and actually stay suspended after depleting until the USB cable is physically disconnected?

The fact that USB Type-C features higher charging currents and Dual Role Power ports without requiring PD means charging accessories should strive to work well with both PD and non-PD devices.
What equipment did you use to sniff this? I'm not doubting its accuracy but I'm just curious.

The USB spec doesn't demand DP Alt Mode actually working as it should. It allows other proprietary streams over USB Alt Mode and there's nothing outright forbidding a broken DP Alt Mode implementation. For general consumer-friendliness it really should just use normal DP Alt Mode but that's out of USB's scope.

>I sniffed the SBU pins

What actually goes over the SBU pins? It looks like it's supposed to map to DP's auxiliary channel for DP Alt Mode, so is that what Switch uses for HDMI-CEC support?

>It only properly responds to devices that advertise with the correct response it is looking for

What do you mean by "responds"? Just video? Are you saying that there is or isn't any DP-related signals over SBU or SSTX/SSRX pins when not connected to Nintendo's dock?

Without using a sniffer, I assumed there was probably some sort of proprietary handshaking happening that just blocked the DP advertisement with all third-party devices.

>the Switch just drives DP into nothing

If I'm reading this correctly, you're saying Switch violates USB Alt Mode's requirement (USB Type-C section 5.1.2) for an explicit contract before reconfiguring some of the pins? That seems odd to me considering that my USB3 hubs and accessories (including Ethernet adapters) seem to work fine when undocked.

On the other hand, I guess I wouldn't be surprised if something weird is happening on the SSTX/SSRX pins right now considering that Nintendo claims the dock's USB3 port currently only offers USB 2.0 data speeds and will be improved in a future system update.

>why the fuck even use USBC then

Plenty of other devices like the Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P, and Pixel phones don't support any sort of video output over USB Type-C. The Nexus phones don't even support PD or SuperSpeed USB. Is USB-C pointless for them?

Like those phones, Switch benefits from being able to use existing third-party chargers and from being able to act as a USB host.
>for some stupid reason

Even with microUSB, plenty of phones have for years supported OTG for acting as a USB host for supporting USB accessories like flash drives. Most USB-C phones have Dual Role Power and Data ports to support this same feature.

If a battery pack has a Dual-Role Power port, it's on the battery to appropriately act as a power source when it should make sense to.
Do you have a source on that? I doubt the Macbook would request to be a power source in that situation.

With its support for charging with USB BC 1.2, Type-C Current, and USB PD at 5V/9V/12V/15V I'd say Switch has a pretty decent USB-C implementation. The only detail I've noticed that really breaks USB standards is that it can't draw more than 2A. The incompatibility with existing video adapters and the lack of manual power role selection are unfortunate but outside the scope of USB's spec. Its included charger, in contrast, is awful.
The system includes a joycon grip.

I definitely prefer the Pro Controller and would say it's worth buying, but you might want to try out the joycon grip first.
Yes. Better GPU, more RAM, etc.

It's not as big of a jump as, say, Wii to Wii U or PS3 to PS4, but it's still an improvement. Unlike the Wii U it only uses one screen at a time which can help performance too.

In terms of GPU power: PS4 Pro > PS4 > Switch > Wii U > PS3 > Vita. Switch is the most powerful Nintendo system and the most powerful handheld gaming device.
The 6P charger will charge the Switch fine. Like other 15W USB-C chargers, you'll get a decent charge speed even while playing, but it'll still be much slower (drawing about half as much power) than higher-voltage chargers like the Pixel's.

Some people have reported issues with the Anker battery pack because it uses the same USB-C port to charge itself as it does to charge other devices. The logic for deciding which mode to use is a bit wonky so you might sometimes end up with your Switch giving power to it rather than the other way around.
That charger works pretty well with Switch. Using one port on it is like using any other 5V/3A (15W) USB-C charger because it just uses standard USB-C charging.

It's not as fast as higher-voltage USB-PD chargers, but it still is able to charge the battery at a fairly good speed even while playing.
> you shouldn't charge the Switch with the wall charger included with the Google Pixel because it's unsafe for devices other than the Pixel

It's not. Google has great USB compliance in its own products. The Pixel phone charger and Chromebook Pixel charger both work perfectly with Switch for charging at excellent speeds and it's totally safe.

You might have confused it with the LG Nexus 5X and Huawei Nexus 6P chargers, which are indeed missing a safety feature that they should have. They're worth avoiding in general but they won't actually damage the Switch.
The difference between a USB 2.0 and USB 3.1 cable is mostly data speeds. They both work just as well with all dedicated chargers for charging speeds.
I notice that your spreadsheet mentions tests done for charging 30 minutes from 84%. Why? You'll get better numbers if you drain the Switch to lower battery levels than that; the fast charging slows down when closer to fully charged.

For example, I've seen Switch pull [14.8V/1.22A](http://imgur.com/9r3tBSf) from Nintendo's official charger when undocked while the battery was at about 30%.

Like I posted in my thread that [I'll shamelessly plug here](https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/5x948s/answering_your_questions_about_usb_typec/), your 5V/3A USB-C chargers should be able to give Switch about 2A when the Switch is at lower battery levels. This might increase with a future system update.

The actual total charging times should be quite a bit shorter than what you extrapolated, but having that upper limit on charging times is still useful data. I didn't measure any charging times myself.

>not sure if Nintendo's wall wart supports USB-PD

It does use USB-PD. I also don't own any other USB-PD devices (sinks) that support 15V charging nor any PD sniffer device, but I know this because the dock relies on PD features like PR_Swap and USB Alt Mode negotiations that can't play nice with any weird nonstandard charging methods and because it works well with our multimeters.

That said, I'd hesitate to say it *supports* USB-PD because it has blatant interoperability issues and spec violation that I explained [in yet another thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/5xouhm/psa_dont_charge_your_phone_with_switchs_ac_adapter/). Like I said there, don't use it to charge anything but Nintendo products.

>The official adapter can also be used to charge your powerbanks quickly.

Maybe. Sometimes. Other times it won't charge them at all. I wouldn't even count on this being completely safe.

>The 1.86A here seems like an outlier

It does. By all my own tests, Switch should only support drawing 1.5A from USB-A ports (using USB BC 1.2) except when a bad A-to-C cable is used. That said, all your iSmart and PowerIQ and Quick Charge USB-A chargers should support giving Switch 1.5A.

>15V third-party chargers

I don't have any, so I'd appreciate if you can test this: can the dock work when any of these are connected to it instead of Nintendo's official charger?
I haven't tested it but it should work great. Apple's MBP chargers will charge the Switch with 9V at about 18W, which is effectively the fastest that the Switch can be charged.
The Google Store tells me that charger is in stock in the US, but it's not sold on other sites and it might have limited availability outside the US.

Other chargers that support USB-PD (USB Power Delivery) at 9V or 12V should work just as well, but they generally cost a lot more and this is the only one with a detachable cable that I've personally verified works well.

5V USB-C chargers like [SONEic's 15W one](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B017BVLLC6) provide about half as much power (effectively 9-10W) to the Switch. That's still plenty for charging at a fairly good speed even while playing.
[Google's Pixel phone charger](https://store.google.com/product/usb_type_c_18w_power_adapter) charges the Switch just as fast when undocked as the official AC adapter while also having a detachable USB-C cable and being smaller and much more compatible with other USB-C devices.

This charger is 18W while Nintendo's official one is 39W, but an undocked Switch doesn't actually seem to draw more than about 18W from either so it works just as well.

I don't recommend traveling with Nintendo's USB-C charger because [it has issues with other non-Nintendo USB devices](https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/5xouhm/psa_dont_charge_your_phone_with_switchs_ac_adapter/) and because it's bulky.
Yes, that's fine. The DC input that goes to the console over USB is the same no matter what AC voltage or which country's version of the charger you use.

The charger does support input ranging between 100-240V, so it's fully compatible with AC power from other countries with a simple adapter. You don't have to trash it, but you're right that it would make it bulkier.

If you care about bulkiness for travel purposes, you might be better off getting a third-party USB-C/USB-PD charger. Most of them won't work with the dock, but when undocked, some of them charge the Switch just as well as the official charger without its bulk or [interoperability problems](https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/5xouhm/psa_dont_charge_your_phone_with_switchs_ac_adapter/)
Yes, it does. Switch generally won't request more than 1.5A (7.5W) from any USB Standard-A charger. Almost all USB-C chargers should provide Switch with at least about 5V/2A (10W).

10W is only about 33% more power than 7.5W, but you might be able to see the battery charge more than twice as fast while playing. 7.5W is barely more than Switch can consume for gameplay, which means there's very little excess that can go toward the battery, while any extra power beyond that goes entirely to the battery.

With some USB-PD chargers, Switch can draw even more power over C to C, up to about 18 to 20W.

A lot of common questions about USB-C are answered in [a thread I made a few weeks ago](https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/5x948s/answering_your_questions_about_usb_typec/)
I phrased it that way because I put "Can I charge my Switch while playing it undocked?" as a separate question.

Most USB Powerbanks should be able to, but a few may not, so whether you can charge while playing does depend on which one you get. If it supports 1.5A charging with USB BC1.2 (as it probably should unless it's advertised to be iPhone-only) then it will work fine with Switch.
The RAVPower 20100 mAh USB-C battery seems to be pretty good.
This only works if the Switch is in sleep mode. If it's completely turned off, the wireless controllers can't communicate with the console.
It does not make any difference. The Pro Controller can only charge at a maximum of 0.5A (2.5W) which you can expect to get from almost any USB port.
It looks like that adapter uses a Realtek chipset which Switch does not support.

If you want to get an Ethernet adapter exclusively for undocked use over USB-C, the [Plugable adapter](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B011DDXGVC) works well as does anything else with the AX88179 chipset. USB-A ones can be used with a USB C-to-A adapter and have the added benefit of being usable with the dock too.
Yes, the Pixel charger is excellent, I strongly recommend it over the Nintendo one for travel/undocked use because it effectively charges just as fast, is smaller, has a removable cable, and has great interoperability at about the same price. Its AC input is rated for 100V-240V at 50-60Hz which I believe should work fine with travel adapters for any country's mains power.

>I should have looked deeper.

To be fair, I haven't yet seen anybody but me reporting the issues with Nintendo's AC adapter, so not knowing about this is expected even if you were looking for it. I'm sure someone more prominent will notice them and spread the word sooner or later.
I have the Plugable UD-CA1 USB-C dock. It supports 5V/12V/20V charging (15V is notably absent) with video output, USB-A ports, and also built-in Ethernet (Realtek) and analog audio.

I've seen it provide 18W (12V/1.5A) to the Switch. The USB host ports work, but the video output does not. The other ports don't work either of course because Switch has no Realtek Ethernet drivers or USB audio drivers.

I guess requiring 15V specifically is a possibility, but I'd sooner believe it's expecting some other digital handshake.
I'm not sure about this, but isn't "MyDP over USB-C" actually just DisplayPort Alternate Mode? I don't have a deep understand of DisplayPort but I believe MyDP doesn't (unlike MHL vs HDMI) add anything to the actual DP protocol but rather just defines the ability to assign it to data lanes in alternate interfaces and reducing the number of lanes it occupies in that interface, which is exactly the same thing as USB-C Alt Mode.

SlimPort on microUSB, like I've seen on my Nexus 4 and Nexus 7, seems to fully occupy the USB 2.0 data lanes (D+/D-), but that's not what's happening on Switch considering that the dock's USB hub can simultaneously work for USB 2.0 data (Ethernet adapter) while displaying 1080p60 video. If it's not using the USB 2.0 lanes, and it's also not using all of the USB3 lanes, then it must be using two of the SSTX/SSRX lanes, which means USB Alt Mode.

Unless I'm totally wrong, it's completely reasonable to use a chip designed for MyDP to handle DP Alt Mode. My interpretation of seeing a MyDP chip in the teardown was that Nintendo's probably using the standard DP Alt Mode protocol but locking it behind some sort of authentication mechanism that makes Switch omit the video stream when connected to anything else.

The teardown of the Switch console reveals a "Pericom Semiconductor PI3USB30532 USB 3.0/DP1.2 matrix switch" which looks like something for DP Alt Mode.

I think the presence of flash memory on the dock suggests there's some sort of complex enough logic present that Nintendo deemed worth being able to update. Some sort of DRM-like authentication mechanism would probably qualify.
Can you try with a couple other things, especially with a phone's AC adapter? The ports on the side of the dock might be useful too.
Can you try using that cable to connect the Switch to other USB ports such as the ones on the dock or on a desktop or laptop? It sounds like that cable might be bad which would explain the odd reports I've heard about this battery.

If I'm right, the battery pack might be perfectly fine and other cables would work well with it. Try buying a USB C to USB C cable and using it with that battery. Alternatively, you could try another A-to-C cable, but it won't charge the Switch as fast as C-to-C ones.
Nintendo's AC adapter is capable of supplying 15V/2.6A, but the Switch console itself will never pull more than 2A from it or any other charger.

The extra power might be for powering the dock (with its 3 USB ports) or it might've just been easier for Nintendo to get the parts for a 2.6A charger than one with a little less.
Yes, that's USB-A. That surprises me a little. What specific cable model? I've seen Switch refuse to charge when connected to some bad cables.

You'll get better results when charging from C-to-C cables than you will with A-to-C cables.
How are you using it? Connecting with a USB C-to-C cable (same plug on both ends)? What happens when you try using it, does maybe the Switch not indicate that it's charging at all?

I see a lot of questions about that battery so I'm curious about how well it works.
The newer 12W iPad charger actually is apparently able to charge Switch at 1.5A (7.5W), but every other iPhone/iPad charger is indeed limited to 0.5A with Switch.

1.5A is (barely) enough to still charge the Switch even while playing, but it's still very slow charging and you'll get better speeds from any USB-C or USB-PD charger.
I would try it with my laptop but I don't have an extension cable and would rather not tear apart my dock.

I suspect there's a decent chance it will work, but even if it does that doesn't necessarily mean it's easy to recreate the dock. There's probably a verification mechanism (which the Switch uses to identify the dock) that may or may not be easy to spoof. The dock has flash memory that can be rewritten by the console so even if a third-party dock is made that works now it may not work with future system updates.
Nintendo's dock is custom. There are no existing devices on the market that can replace it. I don't know which chipset you're interested in, but iFixIt describes the dock's components in their teardown: https://www.ifixit.com/Teardown/Nintendo+Switch+Teardown/78263#s156439

Interestingly, it contains a DisplayPort to HDMI converter, which suggests it uses the same video protocol as all other USB-C devices but Nintendo uses some sort of authentication or verification to block output to any third-party devices.

Since you're asking about chipset compatibility, I suspect you might be thinking about Ethernet adapters. If so, the official one seems to use an AX88179 chipset for Gigabit Ethernet. Switch also supports the same AX88772 100Mbps adapters as Wii and Wii U.
* The [Google Pixel 18W phone charger](https://store.google.com/product/usb_type_c_18w_power_adapter) is probably the best compact charger you can get for the Switch with excellent charging speed, but it's US$35 and might have limited availability outside the US.
* The [SONEic 15W phone charger](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B017BVLLC6) is a good cheaper charger, but it'll give the Switch only about half as much power as the Pixel one so it takes longer to charge. It's US$20 with a cable included or US$15 if you don't want another USB C-to-C cable.
* All USB-A chargers will give you worse charging speeds than either of the above chargers. Some of them are even too slow to keep up with the battery drain while playing a game like BotW.

I posted a thorough USB compatibility analysis and explanation [in this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/5x948s/answering_your_questions_about_usb_typec/)
Are you trying to charge while in tabletop mode? The kickstand is too sensitive for even any angled USB connectors to work. You're better off getting a stand that raises the Switch off your table like [the Nintendo-licensed Hori one](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01N9RTMWS)

I don't know of any good angled USB-C cables.
Switch actually won't draw more than 2A from any charger, so the SONEic charger works just as well for it as any other 5V/3A charger does. It's "iffy" only in the sense that some devices can't charge at optimum speeds from it, but it's compliant and perfectly safe.

Even for devices where that issue applies, like the Nexus phones, the SONEic charger is likely the best one you can get at that price range. Nathan K (the reviewer you linked) recommends it more than any other charger that costs less than the Pixel charger in [his accessories spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vnpEXfo2HCGADdd9G2x9dMDWqENiY2kgBJUu29f_TX8/pubhtml#)

Because Switch can't draw more than 2A, the Pixel 18W charger charges the Switch about twice as fast as any 5V/3A 15W (effectively 10W) charger. If that extra charging speed is worth the extra price to you, get the Pixel charger.
Unfortunately there don't seem to be any expert reviews of the Jackery Titan S yet. I haven't seen any reviews yet explaining how well it actually works with Switch; Arstechnica mentioned it but not with enough detail to conclude anything useful.

The only USB-C port on the Jackery Titan S seems to be Dual-Role Power. Normally I'd say this is a good feature, but considering Switch doesn't let you manually choose power role (like Android does) I worry this might sometimes lead to a situation [like the MacBook Pro](https://twitter.com/mcwm/status/837003695330115590).

Assuming it handles DRP well (actually acting as a source) and assuming its USB-C implementation is otherwise good, the Titan S would work probably just as well. Until we know those, I'd recommend the RAVPower instead.

Edit: The RAVPower one seems to also have DRP, but I see there are reviews already saying it works well with the Switch for acting as a source. This also means you can have one AC adapter that charges both the Switch and your battery bank, but [it won't work well with Nintendo's AC adapter](https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/5xouhm/psa_dont_charge_your_phone_with_switchs_ac_adapter/). Unlike the Titan S, the RAVPower battery includes a USB-A charger that works well for charging itself.
Charging from your Macbook will work fine when in sleep mode or turned off, but it'll be too slow to keep up with the battery drain while playing a demanding game like BotW.

Any USB-A to USB-C cable currently sold on Amazon should be fine. It can be either USB2 or USB3 because Switch supports the same charging speed over either.
> there are no chargers besides the Switch's official one that can charge full speed

This isn't true. Any 12V USB PD charger works great and third-party 15V ones should work fine too (though I've heard odd reports about compatibility with a few). I think you can reasonably assume that Switch can never draw more than about 20W (usually less) when undocked so any charger which provides that much to the Switch will give you full charging speeds. The 9V/18W Pixel phone charger is so close to full speed that I doubt you can notice a difference without a stopwatch or multimeter, so I think it's probably the best compact charger for the Switch.

I posted some thorough USB-C compatibility analyses in another thread: https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/5x948s/answering_your_questions_about_usb_typec/
The Pixel charger is the best compact third-party charger that I've confirmed works well with the Switch. Switch seems to never draw more than about 20W in portable mode, usually capped at less, so the 18W that it successfully draws from the Pixel charger is so close to optimal charging speeds that you'll never notice the difference.

It works so well that I recommend people never buy a second copy of the official charger (except for use with a spare dock) and get Pixel's instead because [the official charger has a lot of interoperability issues with third-party USB-C devices](https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/5xouhm/psa_dont_charge_your_phone_with_switchs_ac_adapter/)
Yes, the demo supports multiplayer. It basically takes the VS and Swap game modes from the full game and gives you all the default unlocks within them (16 characters). Those modes are competitive between 2-4 players or AIs.

The English version of this game is releasing on April 25 so there will probably be an English demo available shortly before then.
Switch supports USB PD for 5V/9V/12V/15V. The dock only works with 15V chargers, but when undocked it works with any other USB PD charger for 9V or 12V.

For 5V chargers, it also supports Type-C Current (for up to 10W) and USB BC 1.2 (for up to 7.5W).
Yes, it's the only way. Nintendo intentionally blocked any existing USB-C video adapters from working so you have to use theirs.
No, the dock can only work when connected to a 15V power supply like the one that is included in the system. It will reject every other power source.
You can use charging-only docks, but a lot of third-party docks offer video which doesn't work with Switch.

Edit: Sorry, I misread. For just charging they'll work perfectly fine.
Save data is stored on your console, not on the cartridge. For BotW and a lot of other games you can have a separate set of save data for each user account on the console.
If you're asking about AC adapters, the best portable one for confirmed Switch compatibility is the [18W Google Pixel phone charger](https://store.google.com/product/usb_type_c_18w_power_adapter). It'll charge about twice as fast as most other similar-sized chargers.

At US$35, it's slightly more expensive than Nintendo's official charger, but it's significantly smaller and leagues better at interoperability with other USB Type-C devices. For a cheaper option, the US$20 SONEic USB-C charger is good enough.
Yes, it works fine.

The Type-C Lumia chargers use the 15W Type-C Current method for fast charging. The Switch can draw up to 10W from this which is plenty enough for charging at a decent enough rate.
This seems to be a deliberate decision by Nintendo to prevent third-party docks unfortunately.

The USBC-to-HDMI adapters and docks you might be familiar with for Lumia phones and USB-C laptops use a standard protocol called DisplayPort Alternate Mode. The device offers a DisplayPort data stream which an adapter can convert into HDMI.

Nintendo actually does seem to use this same protocol, considering that [dock teardowns reveal a DisplayPort to HDMI converter chip](https://www.ifixit.com/Teardown/Nintendo+Switch+Teardown/78263#s156439). Nintendo must be combining this with some sort of authentication/verification that prevents any third-party devices from accessing the video stream.

It would be great to have a compatible and more portable dock, but for now I get the impression Nintendo wants everybody to use the main dock for recognizability and marketing reasons.

I don't doubt that somebody will eventually figure out a way to make third-party docks perfectly mimic the official one, but until then we're stuck with no alternatives.
Depends on the area around your house. If you're in a cramped apartment with a lot of people using wireless devices, for example, 2.4 GHz will work pretty poorly and 5 GHz is much better. If you're in a larger home with relatively few wireless devices around 2.4 GHz might work better.
That's pretty much it. If you're holding ZR or Link has a bow in his hand, the dpad will switch bows/arrows, otherwise it'll switch melee weapons and shields.

You can put away the bow by tapping B if you need to switch melee weapons. Even if you don't have a bow equipped, you can equip one by pressing the dpad while holding ZR.
No. Excluding the 12W iPad charger, all of Apple's other USB-A chargers cannot charge the Switch fast enough to play while charging. You'll see the battery continue to drain even when plugged in unless you put the system in sleep mode or turn it off.

Most non-Apple chargers that offer at least 1.5A should work fine for charging with an A-to-C cable.
I just realized our assumptions may be wrong: Does this Plugable meter actually measure the Apple-style D+/D- charging? I thought I saw some indication that it does but now I can't remember how I could've even checked that.

You have a Pixel phone, right? Can you try using that 2.4A charger with it to see what it draws? If you're at low enough battery it should draw more than 1.5A.

Edit: That said, I still hesitate to believe that Switch could support Apple charging. I've seen so many reports complaining about iPhone/iPad chargers (other than the 12W iPad charger which supports USB BC 1.1) working poorly and I would expect Vbus to read at most 0.5A instead of 1.5A if it was really using Apple-style charging (unless I misunderstand how it works, which is pretty plausible considering there's not even a spec).
Apple already sells USB-C to Lightning cables. If you carry this one charger with two cables you can use it to charge either device but of course only one at a time. I don't know if the iPhone would get a decent charging speed from this.

The current rumors point to iPhone 8 including one of those cables instead of the USB-A cable that they currently bundle.
I believe the best compact charger that's confirmed to work well with Switch is Google's 18W Pixel phone charger. It's not on Amazon, but [here's the Google Store link](https://store.google.com/product/usb_type_c_18w_power_adapter) ($35 with cable included). It's still not as powerful as Nintendo's official charger, but in practice it's actually so close that you might not be able to notice a difference in charging speed.

Cheaper 5V USB-C chargers like [this SONEic one](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B017BVLLC6) ($20 with cable included) will only charge about half as fast as the Pixel charger, but it'll still be a bit faster than any USB-A charger.
I don't know how it could be possible for a copy of this cable model to be bad, but it's worth checking anyway:

Can you try using this cable and VA meter to connect the Switch to a charger rated for less than 2.0A, such as perhaps the USB port on a desktop (0.5A) or maybe any older phone chargers you might have? If you see it draw more than it should make sure to unplug it; keeping it plugged in for an extended period can cause issues with the charger but just briefly checking should be fine.
The iPhone chargers use Apple's proprietary fast-charging tech, but Switch isn't compatible with that so it has to fall back to a measly 0.5A (2.5W). Switch needs about 7.5W to consistently increase charge while playing which happens to also be the maximum that it can draw from any USB-A charger.

Out of Apple's USB-A chargers, the only one that can also work with the standard USB battery charging protocol is the 12W iPad charger, which is able to provide 7.5W to the Switch and to other non-Apple devices.

Other non-Apple chargers rated for at least 1.5A should work fine too as long as they aren't advertised "for iPhone only". Almost every USB-C charger will give you more power than this, which means the battery will charge faster.
I'm not sure what you're asking. Some chargers have a cable you can't remove, other chargers have a port that you can use with any cable that has a matching plug.

For USB-C charging, the cable you use ultimately doesn't matter much (unless it's broken or designed poorly) and the charging speed you get really depends just on the charger.
I haven't tried one but I think it should work. You might get subpar charging speeds though depending on the length and quality of that cable. Connecting it might be a bit challenging.

It has to be a full-featured/USB3 cable in order for the video stream to work. Can't be USB2.
Any safe USB-C charger is fine. The SONEic charger (that you can find on Amazon) is a decent cheaper ($20) one that includes a cable. It'll charge slower than some other pricier chargers.

You'll get even worse charging speeds if you connect a C-to-A cable to a USB-A charger, but that's another option that might be cheaper for you.
Yes, you can. The Pro Controller also has a USB C-to-A cable included that you can connect to the dock or any other USB-A charger.
Huh, thanks. I swear I tried it a bunch at a lot of different spots but I guess I never held an amiibo at exactly the right spot long enough for it to work. That's not where I expected the NFC chip to be at.
It's safe but not effective. The iPhone charger should work for charging the Switch overnight but it's too weak to support playing while charging.
With BotW? Amiibo will only work if you have the Amiibo Rune selected and you're pointing it at empty space that has a circle.

~~The Pro Controller supports amiibo, but strangely not in BotW, and the Joy-Con won't scan when inactive.~~

Edit: Turns out I was wrong about the Pro Controller and just wasn't using it right.
Yes, the Switch console works great with third-party USB Power Delivery chargers like that one. Switch will only draw the power it uses so it's perfectly safe to use chargers that support more power.
I've had a couple points where the frames drop so bad that it seems frozen for maybe a whole second. If you're not seeing anything change after 5 or 10 seconds then it's definitely frozen, but I haven't ever seen that happen yet on my Switch.

Because Switch runs a proper OS, most in-game freezes should still thankfully let you open the Home menu and restart the game rather than making you do a forced reboot like the Wii U does.
Yes. 1.5A (7.5W) is the limit for standard USB-A charging. A lot of chargers support more than that but only because they use a proprietary fast-charging technology that Switch does not support so it'll fall back to 1.5A no matter which well-made cable you use. The only compatible faster chargers you'll find are ones that have a USB-C port.
The difference between USB2 and USB3 won't affect the Switch's charging speed at all, but it can affect some other devices.

If you have an AC adapter that offers 1.5A, both of those cables will work just as well for slowly charging the Switch even while you're playing a game. You'll get better results with a USB C-to-C cable and a USB-C charger.
For a cheaper option, the [SONEic 15W USB-C charger](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B017BVLLC6) (US$20) is pretty good.  
For a faster option, the [Google Pixel 18W USB-C charger](https://store.google.com/product/usb_type_c_18w_power_adapter) (US$35) is quite a bit better but pricier.

Despite the numbers looking pretty close, the Pixel charger will charge the Switch about twice as fast as the SONEic one.
No, USB keyboards can only be used to type in text boxes at the same places where the system normally brings up the soft keyboard. You can use it to search the eShop, type your password, and not that much else for now.

Even if you could it's generally nicer to play console games with an actual controller.

If Switch ever gets any MMOs like FFXIV or PSO2 then it might be useful for chat, but I doubt Nintendo will make any sort of useful console-level chat.
Bluetooth keyboards won't work, but other wireless ones like the Logitech "unifying receiver" should probably work. The difference is whether the console sees the receiver as a basic keyboard or as something else that needs drivers and a pairing interface.
Third party USB cables and chargers work great. The Switch console is really good about charging interoperability with everything except Apple stuff.

5V chargers with at least 1.5A are adequate for charging. 9V, 12V, and 15V USB-C chargers all work great for charging very quickly.
Switch doesn't accept Wii U's Pro Controller and Wii U doesn't accept Switch's Pro Controller.

It's unfortunate and they really should work considering the only key difference is gyro, but they don't. They're even both Bluetooth.
The Japanese eShop reportedly accepts at least some US/non-Japanese credit cards. It might not accept others and I don't know what the limits are.
It will charge a lot slower with a USB-A charger than with USB PD and USB-C. Switch will on average draw maybe around 12-18W from the official AC adapter but it cannot draw more than 7.5W from a USB-A charger (possibly less depending on your charger) with an A-to-C cable. That's still enough to play while charging and get net gain in battery charge.

Incompatible fast chargers are generally still safe to use, but they just won't give you any benefit of the faster charging speeds they support.
Some games don't use multiple user accounts at startup. Some of them store a lot of stuff shared across the console (like party games) and some of those only prompt you for a user selection at certain points.

I don't know how the full version of Puyo Puyo Tetris S handles this but I'd expect it probably prompts for user selection only when starting the story mode.
No matter what region you bought the game from, any game you have installed can be played by any user. Which user owns it doesn't really matter as long as you always have both users registered to the same console.
Yes, in general C-to-C charging will almost always give a better charging speed than an A-to-C cable with any USB-A charger.
Yes, it will work fine, but it'll be limited to drawing only 10W. That's still enough to charge at a fairly good speed even while playing, but it's not ideal because Apple chose to make that charger in a way (nonstandard voltage) that's not very interoperable with anything non-Apple.
QC on a USB-A port is fine, even when you use it with a C-to-A cable. Feel free to use it without worries.

As far as I know QC only has issues if the charger offers it on a USB-C port (because of the kinds of cables you can connect to one), but even then none of those issues will manifest when connecting it to a Switch.
In case you're interested, I described and tested a lot of details about Switch USB compatibility in this thread: https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/5x948s/answering_your_questions_about_usb_typec/

When it comes to chargers, the main thing about USB-C that some manufacturers get wrong with respect to safety is dealing with having the same port on both ends, as they're supposed to protect you from doing something dumb like connecting two chargers together, but some fail to, although this won't actually harm a device.

Beyond that, it's just like any other kind of charger in that with so many items on the market from so many different manufacturers you're bound to find some terrible sketchy things that blow up.
That should be fine on all the ports; Jackery generally gets good reviews. It doesn't have any notable red flags like nonstandard voltage/current levels, QC over Type-C (it's fine on USB-A ports even with C-to-A cables), etc.
The current dock is designed to surround the console, so trying to hold it while docked doesn't make sense. Any more travel-friendly dock would most likely connect with a cable, meaning you can rest the system in any orientation and even hold it, which would affect heat and cooling.

Alternatively, rather than any sort of hardware issues, this could be a decision of marketing and support.
You have the right idea, but those numbers aren't quite right.

The official AC adapter provides up to 15V/2.6A for 39W.  
A standard USB2 port provides 5V/0.5A (2.5W)  
A standard USB3 port provides 5V/0.9A (4.5W)  
USB-A charging ports can be up to 5V/1.5A (7.5W)

7.5W is enough to keep the battery charge going up even while playing. Any lower than that might only help extend how long you can play for depending on what you're playing.
You're not the only one who would, but Nintendo chose not to allow this.

I speculate that they chose this because of heat reasons from the GPU performing at higher power when docked. It might get uncomfortably warm to hold. It might cool better when resting perfectly upright in the dock rather than lying on a desk with a cable attached.
The maximum power that Switch (minus dock) can supposedly draw from a charger is 30W, but most of the time it can't use more than somewhere around 18-20W.
That's not how chargers work. Switch (and other devices) will draw however much power it can make use of and nothing more.

Too much power is fine. As an extreme example, you can even connect a 100W charger to the Pro Controller (which can't draw any more than 2.5W) without issue.
There are none. Nintendo intentionally blocks all existing third-party video adapters.

Sooner or later someone will probably reverse-engineer how Switch detects that the dock is official and spoof it. Until then, you have to rely on the official dock for connecting external displays. If you're dedicated enough to get a smaller dock, you can rip out the board inside it and throw it in a smaller 3d-printed case and give it a a USB-C cable.
It would make a bit more sense to weight this completion score. Seems a bit odd that thoroughly exploring the entire world and beating every shrine, dungeon, and boss adds up to less than half as much accomplishment as this one category of collection alone.
Probably a reference to this comic: https://xkcd.com/37/
It says "48 tracks for deluxe Mario Kart fun". There are no "deluxe tracks".

These 48 tracks are the 32 original MK8 tracks plus the 16 tracks that were originally DLC for MK8. If anything, it's "deluxe" in that the DLC is included and that this game has more tracks at launch than any other Mario Kart game yet. The only new stages are the Battle Mode ones.
Samsung's and Qualcomm's fast charging should be perfectly safe on any charger with a USB-A receptacle. You can use one of them with a C-to-A cable without any issues other than moderately slow charging speeds.

Quick Charge is known to have issues when featured in any chargers or devices with a USB-C receptacle, but those issues won't actually manifest when connecting a cable from one of those chargers to the Switch. There's not really any danger with Switch but it's generally better to avoid those chargers in case you ever try connecting that charger to something else in the future.
Any USB drive you use with your Wii U has to be reformatted and reencrypted for your system. No other Wii U or PC is able to read that data.

So this isn't really a backup that has any purpose at all for preparing for hardware failure, repairs, or theft.
Actually, Wii U doesn't let you transfer any saves between consoles without doing a full system transfer, which requires having both systems (and both GamePads) in your possession and fully functioning at the same time. It can't separate user accounts either; everything transfers at once. It's basically unusable for every single reason you might ever want to move consoles.

3DS is the same but at least system transfers have some purpose if you want to upgrade hardware models and this only applies to digital games. Wii blocks you from moving/copying only certain saves, including Brawl and Mario Kart.
Presumably the HOME screen should just expand and show more than 12 boxes, but somebody would have to actually own 13 games to find out.

I doubt it'll be too long until we get an update that redesigns the game list so that you can have multiple rows or the ability to reorder games. This really wide single row list will get fairly annoying to deal with when there's a bunch of games.
If it's a USB-A charger then 7.5W (1.5A) is ideal and anything below that runs the risk of charging slower than the power drains. But it won't work at an acceptable speed with iPhone/iPad chargers and it can't draw any more than 1.5A from the other chargers that might advertise up to 2.4A.

If it's USB-C then ideal is basically on par with the official charger with something like 30W, but an 18W charger will work just as well most of the time since Switch can only sometimes draw more than that. Most of the affordable USB-C chargers are 15W which works good enough.
Switch outputs 1080p video so how well that scales onto 4K depends on your TV. Some TVs are better at rescaling than others. Most of them are fine.
The Pro Controller and Joy-Con Charging Grip are meant to charge from them. There's also a USB Ethernet adapter for people who don't want to use Wi-Fi when docked.

Not just two, there's a third USB port on the back.
> Either will yield the same performance

Not true, Switch can only charge from USB-A ports at up to at most 7.5W depending on the charger while just about all USB-C chargers will give it at least 10W and possibly much more.

Still, get whichever cable your power bank supports.
No matter which version of an iPhone or iPad charger you use, Switch cannot pull more than 2.5W from it. Nintendo does not support Apple's proprietary fast-charging method.

Switch can consume up to 7.5W from USB-A chargers designed to work with other non-Apple devices.
It's able to charge the Switch, but it will charge so slow that it can't keep up with gameplay and the battery will still drain even when plugged in. This is at least adequate if you want to charge overnight. It won't damage anything.
Yes, there's an option for this in Switch's System Settings. It will only work if your TV supports this functionality over HDMI CEC.
Yes. Your results will vary depending on the charger you use it with: some will charge so slow that they can't keep up with the power drain  of trying to play it while plugged in but others can handle that fine and slowly charge it with up to 1.5A.
The developer documents that were leaked before launch say that game cards are available only up to 32GB. There hasn't been anything yet indicating that 64GB ones will come any time in the near future.

You can expect that, like every other previous Nintendo system that uses cartridges, there will probably be higher-capacity game cards available to third-parties a couple years after launch.
Switch doesn't have as many drivers for Ethernet adapters as your PC. Any adapter based on either the AX88179 or AX88772 chipsets should work. Here are a few compatible gigabit ones:

Plugable: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00AQM8586  
Cable Matters: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00BBD7NFU  
AmazonBasics: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00M77HMU0
Yes, you can. The Pro Controller won't draw more than 2.5W from any charger.

With USB chargers in general it's safe to use higher-power chargers with lower-power devices because the device will only draw as much as it needs. Nintendo's AC adapter does, however, have problems with third-party devices (like phones) that draw more power than this controller.
Amiibo are collectible Nintendo merchandise (usually figures, sometimes plush toys or cards) that contain a special chip (using NFC) that you can use with certain games for various bonuses. They've been around since 2014 and can be used with Wii U, 3DS, and Switch.
Unfortunately, no. It might seem to work *sometimes* but it won't at other times because the Nintendo charger breaks the USB spec in a way that can make phones overdraw it.

I made a thread about this issue a couple days ago: https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/5xouhm/psa_dont_charge_your_phone_with_switchs_ac_adapter/

You can use a third-party charger with both your phone and the Switch, so it's better to buy something else instead of a second copy of Nintendo's charger if you want to take it on the go.
> There haven't been any tests revealed to show what USB Type-C cables are good for the Switch.

I don't test individual cables, but I did fairly extensively test and explain Switch's compatibility with chargers and other USB accessories in [this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/5x948s/answering_your_questions_about_usb_typec/).

Any USB Type-C cable that has already been reviewed to be safe with other devices will work fine with Switch.
Those cables are fine, but compatibility and charging are a matter of what you plug them into.

Switch simply won't charge faster than the battery drains if you use a cable like this to connect it to a computer's USB port, a charger designed for iPhone/iPad, or any charger with a lower power output. Using a 1.5A charger should be fine while something lower like 1.0A might be pushing it. If you're in the market for a new charger you'll get better charging speeds from USB-C ones than from any USB-A charger that you can use that cable with.
I don't really know what's going on there. The PowerPort+ 5 and that j5create cable should both be really good.

0.6A/15V (9W) is definitely lower than it should be pulling. I don't have any third-party 15V chargers but I've seen my Switch draw at least 18W from my 9V and 12V chargers.

Is it still limited to below 0.6A if you try walking around a bit in the game while it's charging? Or outside in a grassy area instead of in a shrine?

Maybe there's something weird about the way Switch handles 15V charging. If I had PD sniffer data there would probably be some clear difference between the official AC adapter and those third-party ones visible in the 15V Capabilities and Request messages, but without a sniffer I don't know how to determine anything else about this.

It could be a firmware bug related to e-Marked cables vs captive cable power supplies. Or it could be just about anything else like having a charger that advertises >2.6A for 15V, a charger that provides a voltage slightly higher than requested, PDOs above a certain index, a variable-supply source, etc. I have no idea.

Also, I'm curious, do these 15V chargers work with the Switch dock? The dock rejects all of my third-party chargers and I'm not sure whether it's because they don't offer 15V or if it only accepts the official charger.
Switch can draw up to 1.5A from those USB-A ports or 2.0A from that USB-C port.

1.5A (7.5W) is still enough for a net gain in charging while playing something demanding like BotW, but not by much. 2.0A (10W) will charge a fair amount more. Switch can draw up to around 20W from the faster version's USB-C port.
The Anker PowerPort chargers are great for charging multiple devices.

The PowerPort 5 has a USB-C port that will charge the Switch at a decent speed (with net gain) and 4 other USB-A ports. Their most expensive PowerPort+ 5 can charge quite a bit faster but seems to have very recently disappeared on Amazon.

Edit: Here's a US Amazon link to the USB-C PortPort 5: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0196JB1ZS
Yes, the Switch console is identical in all regions and you can link any region's account and change the system to display any language.
Here are a few third-party ones that are compatible:

Plugable: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00AQM8586 (the USB-A version)  
Cable Matters: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00BBD7NFU  
AmazonBasics: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00M77HMU0

Technically, Switch accepts any Ethernet adapter based on the AX88179 (Gigabit) or AX88772 (100Mbps) chipsets.
Standard USB-C phone chargers are normally 5V/3.0A. Switch pulls enough power from these to charge at a decent speed.
Use an AC extension cable, not a USB one.

The dock rejects most third-party chargers so you should stick with the official one.
After your opponent gets a chain, there's a delay before the garbage appears on your screen. You can counter it with a chain of your own (even a smaller one) before it falls to reduce or reflect it.
That cable looks like Anker's USB 3.0 A-to-C cable. It should be good and have the correct resistor. I saw some particularly weird behavior when trying to charge my Switch with USB3 cables so I'm guessing this is another weird xHCI-related bug in Switch's USB drivers. I gave up with checking USB3 cables after seeing complete inability to charge at all multiple times, but I'll look into it again next time I discharge my system enough.

Basically, I don't think you'll see it draw more than 1.5A if you swap a USB 2.0 A-to-C cable in this setup. You might see it not work at all or even overdraw a charger if you try it with different USB-A chargers.

> Benson Leung's observations on this point

This actually isn't his own observations; he said "such as the Nintendo Switch, it seems" in reply to someone else asking him why their Pixel is able to draw more power from a USB-A charger than their Switch. That's from the comments on [this Google+ post](https://plus.google.com/+BensonLeung/posts/beXt2EkkY9T).

Edit: But yes, like he said, USB BC 1.2 only supports up to 5V/1.5A for a single portable device. Apple's proprietary charging method is completely different from any standard USB charging method (it even uses different pins) but it's what you'll find in every USB-A charger that supports more than 1.5A. Despite being nonstandard, it's so widespread that the USB-C spec was actually designed to accommodate it such that every A-to-C cable must be rated for 3A.
It's based on the version of the game: if it's a cart made for America or a digital game bought from the American eShop you'll be grouped with Americans if the game uses regional servers. As far as I know that's the same way every other console handles it too.

I think most Nintendo games don't normally use regional servers. Mario Kart doesn't, Smash doesn't, Animal Crossing doesn't, Pokémon doesn't, etc.
Depends on the game. Some games may have different servers for copies released in different regions while probably most will share the same servers worldwide. It'll probably be based off which version of the game you buy, not off of your console.

The first Splatoon had worldwide servers but switched to regional ones during splatfests. There's little reason to think Splatoon 2 will be much different.
You can see in [Nathan K's USB-C spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vnpEXfo2HCGADdd9G2x9dMDWqENiY2kgBJUu29f_TX8/pubhtml#) that some C-C cables have issues, but most of those issues aren't too major and won't affect the Switch.

The power loss issue isn't something you necessarily should expect from longer cables nor something exclusive to them. A properly made 6ft cable should work just as well as a properly made 3ft or even 0.5ft cable. Very poorly shielded cables can have losses even at small lengths, but it's more common for the longer ones to have this issue because some manufacturers try simply extending their 3ft models without adding more shielding.

But in general, no, there's not much to be picky about when buying a C-C cable exclusively for charging either with or without PD.
What battery percentage is your Switch at when checking this? It'll draw more power at lower battery levels and might not take 15W+ until it's lowered to something like 50% battery remaining.

What USB cable are you using with those chargers? Is it a long one like maybe 6ft or longer? Which end of the cable are you measuring at?

Some USB cables have issues with power loss.
Yes, the official charger is rated for AC input of 100-240V.
Some games, like BotW, include multiple languages no matter which region you buy it from. Anything you buy in Japanese today that isn't yet translated to any other language probably won't ever receive an update to add more languages; you'll have to buy it again from a different region.
This feature wasn't available in the initial System 1.0 that was installed at the factory, but it should've been added in the day-1 system update.

Have you installed the update yet? If not, you'll need to briefly use some other Internet connection to download it. If you can use portable hotspot from your phone just until the update finishes that should be fine and it won't use up much data.
You can see the battery meter in Switch's Controller Settings screen on the Home menu, but it's just a small bar that doesn't tell you anything like percentage or time remaining.
USB-C cables can be either USB2 or USB3, but the difference essentially only matters for data speeds and you can get the same amount of power with either.

That right-angle connector on this cable is big enough that I have doubts that it'll actually work with the kickstand.
You'll get the same poor results from an iPad charger as an iPhone one. Apple's iDevices use a special incompatible charger that won't work well with most non-Apple stuff.

An affordable USB-C charger that I recommend is the $20 [SONEic 15W Charger](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B017BVLLC6).
The physical shape of the official dock makes it either difficult or impossible to even attach your phone, but I don't think it will successfully do anything.

I believe most USBC phones that currently exist don't even support video output.
Yes, on a game-by-game basis. Mario Kart 8 Deluxe and Splatoon 2 both support it but you can expect some other future games will not.
You can use that to charge the Switch very slowly overnight, but if you try to play while charging you'll notice that your battery life will go down faster than it charges.
The Switch console specifically tries to detect if the official dock is connected. It won't let anything else use the video stream.

For now, until somebody reverse-engineers this and designs something that mimics the official dock, you cannot get video output from any third-party docks, hubs, or adapters.
Yes, the Pro Controller will charge perfectly fine and at maximum speed with the included cable from almost every USB-A port you can find. It will only draw 0.5A at most.
No problems with plugging any of them into the Switch. The Pixel phone's charger in particular works great (at 9V) and will charge your Switch faster than any other phone charger that currently exists.
>Thanks to yours and others' work and posts demystifying this stuff, I've learned a lot reading up on USB-C/PD etc.

It seems you've already seen my thread about it, but for context, I tested and explained a lot of details about Switch and USB here: https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/5x948s/answering_your_questions_about_usb_typec/

>any wall or battery pack charger that outputs 5V/2A

This unfortunately isn't quite right. Some 5V/2A chargers only support Apple's iDevice charging method that Switch doesn't work with, meaning it'll fall back to 5V/0.5A with Switch which isn't enough to play BotW while charging.

Any USB-A charger that promises wide compatibility across Android phones (like Anker's IQ ones) should work fine with Switch too for 1.5A (or 7.5W like you said) at most. You can get more power than that only from USB-C chargers.
I'm not completely sure, but I believe electronically marked cables aren't required for PD on USB-C cables.

For PD over older ports like USB-A and microUSB, cables must be electronically marked because existing cables aren't necessarily rated for 3A, but for Type-C every cable must be rated for 3A. In practice I don't think you'll ever see a USB-B/microUSB device that uses PD.

USB-C requires marked cables for SuperSpeed (USB3) operation and for cables rated for 5A (for >60W), so you can know that every cable which advertises either is e-marked. I don't know any accessible way for consumers to check whether a cable is e-marked.

Many USB-C cables on the market (especially common with longer 6ft+ ones) don't actually work at the full 3A that they should, but you can reasonably expect any cable should work fine with 2A as it seems is the limit Switch can draw.
Switch will draw less power from the same AC adapter when it's undocked than it does when docked.

Connecting the AC adapter doesn't seem to make it perform any better in any way.
If I had to guess, maybe Switch outright can't draw more than 2.0A at any voltage? It shouldn't be that way per the USB spec, but there are plausible electrical reasons that might happen. It supposedly supports up to 15V/2.6A but I suspect that might only be when the dock itself is drawing at least 9W and the console itself would only get 15V/2.0A from that.

Switch does not support 20V input. My Chromebook Pixel 2 charger and my USB-C laptop dock both support 5V/12V/20V and Switch uses the 12V mode.
Having saves you can't backup is unfortunately not even a new thing for Nintendo. Not being able to even move saves to external storage is unique to Switch.

* GameCube and Wii prevent you from copying some save files. Wii does this for a lot of games.
* Both 3DS and Wii U won't let you copy or move any saves from one system to another without a full system transfer.
* 3DS doesn't let you have backups or load older save files for certain games like Animal Crossing and Pokémon.

Ever since I lost more than a thousand Pokémon and a lot of other game data due to my official GameCube memory card dying, I use homebrew when I can to make backups of everything that Nintendo doesn't want me to back up.

Even if Switch eventually allows backups, I doubt they'll let you use it with any Pokémon games.
This means that 15V/1.5A is the most amount of power the Switch can draw from a charger *in this specific situation* and that the battery would charge slower if OP used any other third-party charger that supplies less than 15V/1.5A (22W).

5V/1.5A (7.5W) seems to be enough to both break even and increase your charge a bit, but more power than that means faster charging.
The dock's USB ports will successfully charge a Pro Controller even when the console isn't docked. Sleep mode is fine too.
Yes, it's safe. Switch doesn't support Quick Charge so you'll only get 5V/1.5A from this.
OP seems to be using the [Plugable USB-C Voltage and Amerage Meter](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01NAWYSVK). You can also test this info with a breakout board and a regular multimeter or with other pricier specialized equipment.
You're right, "claim" wasn't the right word here.

Just because it's speculation or not completely certain doesn't mean it can't be wrong. A post saying "I'm pretty sure" is still a valid counterexample to your claim that "nobody said" this exact point. 
"I'm pretty sure the power supply operates at 15v when docked and 5v when portable."

I interpreted this as claiming (incorrectly) when you use Nintendo's official AC adapter with the Switch it will draw power at 15V from the charger when docked, but when used outside the dock the same charger will only use the 5V mode. Care to enlighten me on how else to read this?

Edit: I don't know why I'm even humoring you when you seem to just be trolling.
https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/5v76tt/im_pretty_sure_the_power_supply_operates_at_15v/

This isn't the only one, I saw a few other posts in the weeks leading up to launch assuming the same thing based on the official power supply supporting two voltages.
Like I said, those results were only from testing at 50% battery. I expect it'll probably draw more than 2A if you're at much lower battery levels like 5% while under high load, but I'm not sure of that because I never get mine that low. The results might even vary by charger (I used the 6P one for checking 5V) and cable because of voltage stability. It should be able to draw 5V/3A according to Sink Power Rules but ultimately I put 3A there because I wasn't sure.

Regardless, you'll never find a 5V/2A USB-C charger and I can say with complete certainty that you'll get better results from a 3A USB-C charger than from a 5V/1.5A one or from any USB-A charger.
Battery banks work fine, but you'll get better charging speeds from the ones that support more power. The ones that support 15W (3A) over a single USB-C port work great while others with up to 30W work just a bit better.

The ones with USB-A ports are okay, but will take more than twice as long to charge the Switch as USB-C ones.
If you play BotW while charging, yes, the battery will charge faster when connected to the 15V AC adapter than it can from any 5V third-party AC adapter, but I'd say that difference you'll practically see compared to a 15W charger isn't very huge.

Even though it can charge faster, I wouldn't recommend buying an extra official charger to take with you everywhere because [it has problems with basically every other USB-C device](https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/5xouhm/psa_dont_charge_your_phone_with_switchs_ac_adapter/). You can get the best of both worlds for charging speed and interoperability if you have a third-party 12V or 15V charger, or you can get something in between with a 9V charger like the Pixel phone's.

>when you can, use the AC adapter instead of a battery to charge

I'd recommend this for every device regardless of charging speeds. There's no need to use or buy an external battery pack if you have access to AC sockets.
Yes, this is how most USB-PD devices work. Even at times when it doesn't need much power, it will still request the highest voltage it can.

Like I said in the other thread two weeks ago, you'll see it draw more current from the charger in TV mode than in handheld mode because GPU clock speeds only raise when connected to the official dock. You'll also see more current than this being drawn if you're at even lower battery levels like 50% or 5%.
That's pretty common but it often varies by cable. It's perfectly fine.
12V is an optional voltage that isn't currently mandated by the USB-PD spec but I believe it was in the past. The Chromebook Pixel 2 charger (which is still available on Google's store) and Plugable's UD-CA1 USB-C dock are two chargers I own that both can provide 5V/12V/20V (no 9V or 15V). Of course, the dock doesn't give video output from the Switch, but it can still charge and provide functioning USB ports.

USB-PD doesn't prohibit newer devices from supporting extra voltages in addition to the standard ones; the protocol supports any multiple of 0.05V (50mV) as an optional voltage.
I have a Nexus 5X that I tried to use with it. It *seems* to work when my phone is at higher battery levels, but at lower battery levels it'll try to draw more current which causes issues.

Using that multimeter between the official charger and any Switch console or controller won't indicate anything wrong.
I verified myself that Switch works with 5V/9V/12V/15V sources. When used with Nintendo's own AC adapter, Switch will always request 15V; the other voltage levels allow better interoperability with third-party chargers that don't support 15.0V.

As far as I know, the 5% tolerance means that, if both devices negotiate 15.0V, the actual voltage can fluctuate between 14.25-15.75V, but it doesn't require that devices will request other non-standard voltages. A nominal 14.8V Fixed Supply can fluctuate between 14.06-15.54V. I don't know if Switch supports this because I haven't seen its reported Sink_Capabilities data and I don't have a 14.8V charger to check with.
Both: I did most of these checks with the [Plugable USB-C Voltage and Amperage Meter](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01NAWYSVK) which is fairly easy to use although it doesn't support anything fancy like the "Twinkie" device's PD sniffing which sadly is a bit too price-prohibitive for me, but for what it displays at least it works perfectly with any source/sink I throw at it even including the ones that use D+/D- (Apple-style) charging. I also have [a USB-C breakout board](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01N0LDV0D).
If you have a USB-A power bank that has proven itself safe with plenty of other devices, it should work just fine with the Switch over a USB C-to-A cable for charging at up to 7.5W which is good enough to charge while playing.
Just the AC adapter as far as I know.

I can't thoroughly test these things, but I do know at least that the Pro Controller's cable does *not* have the same notorious flaw that a lot of other A-to-C cables had. It's probably perfectly fine.
USB Type-C chargers can, even without supporting PD, provide up to 5V/3A (15W) charging. That's exactly what this Hori charger does. It works fine with Switch and charges at a pretty good speed.

PD allows you to get more power than that but plenty of USB-C chargers don't need to use PD.
I haven't personally used any, but it seems these two are good:

[Anker PowerPort+ 60W 5-port USB charger with 30W Power Delivery (US$40)](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01D8C6ULO)  
[iVoler 75W 4-port USB charger with 60W Power Delivery (US$42)](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01ET762XS/)

Neither of them include a USB C-to-C cable which you need to buy separately for approx US$10.

Here's a nice spreadsheet about USB chargers, which is meant for Pixel owners but is useful for other devices too: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vnpEXfo2HCGADdd9G2x9dMDWqENiY2kgBJUu29f_TX8/pubhtml#

I don't know if third-party 15V chargers will work with the dock.
The weird part is that the Switch console actually has really good USB PD charger compatibility while their official charger is awful about that. They know how to do it right with one item but not another.

Or maybe they just contracted out some of the USB components to other companies and it just happens that they picked a really good one for the console and a subpar one for the charger. At least it's perfectly compatible with all of Nintendo's stuff.
Yes, the USB-C MacBook Pro chargers are perfectly safe and good quality. The lack of 15V output is unfortunate but 9V works pretty well.

They won't work with the dock. You'll get [this error message](http://i.imgur.com/lwuWEcI.jpg) if you try. I think the dock rejects any charger that isn't 15V.
It might not. The 29W Macbook charger is actually ~~14.5V~~ 14.8V, not 15.0V. I don't know exactly what the voltage tolerances are but I doubt it'll work which means Switch would fall back to taking 5V.

The 61W and 87W MBP chargers support 9V output which should work pretty well with Switch. They're also generally much better quality and more USB compliant (despite the lack of 15V output). That 9V output is probably almost fast enough to handle the maximum power draw the Switch can take when undocked.

Edit: I was wrong, the 29W charger actually supports 14.8V, not 14.5V.
My source is just a multimeter and the USB PD spec.

Since January 2016, USB Power Delivery has a requirement for "Power Rules". With Power Rules:

* Every USB PD charger rated for at least 15W must support 5V/3A
* Every USB PD charger rated for at least 27W must support 9V/3A
* Every USB PD charger rated for 45W≥X>27W must support 15V at (X/15) amps

Nintendo's charger does not support any 9V output and does not support any 5V above 1.5A, so it violates two of these applicable rules. This particular failure isn't dangerous but it's confusing and causes interoperability issues like "Why can't my 39W charger work as good with my device as this 18W one?"

Additionally, in the USB Type-C spec (not just PD), every USB Type-C charger must accurately indicate to the device whether it supports the special USB-C-only 3A and/or 1.5A outputs. If your charger tells a device that it supports more than it actually does, the device will try to draw too much current. This is also why a lot of C-to-A cables used to have problems.
It will work, but because it's an Apple USB-A charger it'll charge the battery slower than BotW drains it. Switch only can draw 0.5A (2.5W) from it.

Edit: I was wrong, the 12W iPad charger in particular is the only Apple USB-A charger that supports USB-BC for 7.5W output. It'll be able to charge the Switch even while playing.
Sorry if that wasn't clear: Switch won't draw as much power from these chargers as they advertise. It'll still get enough.
I did. 1.5A is enough to keep the battery charging even while playing BotW. OP's battery pack supports Anker's PowerIQ which will give Switch 1.5A despite supporting 2.4A with some other devices.
Neither of those chargers will provide Switch with that much power. Your 2.1A charger probably only gives it 0.5A while OP's battery pack gives it 1.5A.

The reason for this is that both of these chargers use an Apple charging system that Switch doesn't support, but the newer Anker chargers (with PowerIQ) support a fallback to 1.5A that does work with Switch.
It's safe, but you will only get 5V/0.5A from it which might not be enough to keep the battery charged while playing.
The Hori car charger (officially licensed by Nintendo) works great with both the Switch and with USB-C phones. https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01MZAUPD6

Other USB-C car chargers work too as long as it's safe and USB compliant. USB-A chargers won't charge as fast but should work too.
> This should be obvious.

No, it shouldn't. It's perfectly fine and safe to charge a phone with the high-power USB-C chargers included with laptops like the MacBook Pro, XPS 12, and Chromebook Pixel. I do it every day. Nintendo's Switch charger unfortunately breaks the USB rules that make interoperability work so well.

USB-C should be great in that you can carry just one charger with you to charge your phone, Switch, and laptop, but Nintendo's AC adapter is not the charger to use for that.
The car charger is fine, but the official Nintendo Switch AC adapter (surprisingly) is not.

It has a buggy implementation of Type-C Current which makes 5V/3A devices able to draw more current than the 5V/1.5A it's rated for, tripping a safety shutdown that prevents anything from charging at all. It also violates USB-PD Power Rules.

The Switch itself, on the other hand, is great about interoperability: it supports USB-PD at 5V/9V/12V/15V, 3A Type-C Current, and 1.5A USB-A chargers. Basically any laptop or phone charger (except iPhone) will charge the Switch with optimal power.
Yes, they should charge Switch a little faster than a 15W charger would, but you'll have to spend another roughly $10 for a USB-C cable because it's not included.

Neither of them actually are perfectly compliant but as far as I can tell they'll still work fine with Switch. The UGREEN one is probably a better choice because the other one has QC3.0 over USB-C which is known to have issues. Neither of them have very many reviews.
If other chargers and the dock still work afterwards you're probably fine. If something caught on fire you're probably not fine.
Switch uses the NFC library that Broadcom contributed to AOSP. I didn't see many other Android references.
The best option for you is probably to get an AC extension cable.

USB extension cables drastically impede power transfer so they're not especially great for this purpose.

The dock seems to be pickier than the console; I get [an error message](http://i.imgur.com/lwuWEcI.jpg) when I try powering the dock with one of my 12V third-party chargers. 15V third-party chargers will probably work with the dock but I wouldn't count on it.
Yes, any device can be destroyed by a bad power source, but any long-term effects like that would usually be immediately obvious.

I don't know exactly how the OnePlus charger works but I doubt it's harmful.
The way that USB-PD (or any other multi-voltage charging method I've ever heard of) works is that the charger and device safely negotiate which voltage to use. Even though your MacBook charger can provide 87W to devices (like the MBP) that support 20V, it can also provide up to 27W to devices (like the Switch) that support 9V.

Switch supports 5V/9V/12V/15V input. MBP 87W charger supports 5V/9V/20V output. Because 9V is the highest shared number, that's what they'll use.
Yes, I've tried it myself. I have a USB-C laptop dock and a USB-C HDMI adapter, neither of which work with the Switch for video output; the console's screen stays on and the TV sees nothing.

It should be possible to reverse-engineer whatever it's doing and recreate the dock, but it seems specifically designed not to interoperate with existing adapters on the market. I suspect that Nintendo tries to verify an attached USB device matches theirs before providing the video stream.
Yes, it's totally safe and even gives you a fairly good charging speed with the 9V output.

I posted some thorough details about USB accessory compatibility [in another thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/5x948s/answering_your_questions_about_usb_typec/)
It doesn't work. Nintendo detects its own dock and will not work with third-party docks or other USB Type-C video adapters.
No, Switch detects its own dock. You can't use USB-C HDMI adapters or any third-party docks.
You can get the info in OP's picture from System Settings -> Intellectual Property Notices

That file lists a lot of third-party software that Nintendo uses, not just the kernel. WPA Supplicant is one of them.
Yes, because the Pro Controller doesn't need much power any USB charger will work fine.
The advertised description seems fine, but there are a lot of bad reviews so I'd hesitate to recommend using this charger. It also looks like this isn't the first revision so you might have an older one that's worse.

To be safe, I'd suggest getting a different charger.
Yes, that charger should work great with the Switch. It'll give the system 9V with at most 2-3A (18-27W). That's about as good as the official charger; it might charge only slightly slower than the official charger in only certain situations.

I wrote a very in-depth description of Switch's USB compatibility [in another thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/5x948s/answering_your_questions_about_usb_typec/)
I don't think that will work. I believe those cables are actually for DP++ -> HDMI, not the other way around.
Yes, it should be fully compatible. It seems that the Lumia 950 uses a 5V/3A (15W) Type-C charger. Like other 15W Type-C chargers, this is enough to charge the Switch at a decent speed even while playing, but not quite as fast as some higher-power chargers.
There's almost no doubt: Switch will use its 9V voltage level and you'll get slightly better charging speeds than you would with 5V/3A Type-C chargers. Your battery will continue to charge at a good speed no matter what game you're playing.

Without specialized hardware (like a USB multimeter or USB breakout boards) you can't really get exact data.
Yes, it should work fine. It shouldn't damage anything when used in that way.
The 12V level in particular isn't required by the current USB PD 2.0 Power Rules, but Switch supports it anyway which helps it be more compatible with older chargers from before PD Power Rules.

Also, as expected, battery level plays a huge role in how much power Switch pulls from the charger: at ~85% now I'm getting much lower current draw even while playing BotW than I got near 50% on the home menu.
Yes, it seems the RAVPower RP-PB043 is good. Its Type-C port support 5V/3A and is what you'd want to use with the Switch; only the USB-A ports support QC3.0 which is fine and might even be useful if you have an older Quick Charge phone.
>more practical data in to support the (safe) assumptions you've made

Maybe I should've mentioned what I checked to determine all this data I gave. Very little of this is assumption.

* Charge Switch with Nintendo AC adapter = 15V ~1.1A
* Charge Switch with Chromebook Pixel charger = 12V ~1.5A
* Charge Switch with 5V/3.0A Type-C charger = ~2.0A
* Charge Switch with Anker PowerIQ charger and C-to-A cable = 1.5A
* Charge Switch with USB BC1.2 1.5A charger = 1.5A
* Charge Switch with Pixel 18W charger = 9V/2A
* Charge Switch with C-to-A cable connected to my desktop = 0.5A
* Charge Nexus 5X with Switch AC adapter = nothing, AC adapter completely shuts off
* Charge Nexus 5X from Switch with C-to-C cable = 0.5A
* Charge XPS 13 with Switch AC adapter = nothing, as expected because XPS is picky about only accepting 20V
* Charge Pro Controller with all of the above = never get more than 0.5A
* Connect AX88772 and AX88179 ethernet adapters to dock = both work
* Connect the ethernet adapters to an undocked Switch with Type-C to Standard-A receptacle = it works
* Connect Switch to my Plugable USB-C dock (UD-CA1) = 12V/1.5A charging, USB ports work, video output doesn't work, audio ports don't work, RTL8153 Ethernet doesn't work

Because I checked all of these while waiting for BotW to download, I was undocked and on the home menu (very little GPU load) with about 50% battery level, so I expect you'll have higher power draws at 5% battery with BotW running. I don't have a Joy-Con Charging Grip, so saying it only supports 0.5A charging just like the Pro Controller is just an assumption. I think I checked enough things to say that everything else about my charger compatibility table is accurate.

>Simplify charging variations

I'd like to add that 12V chargers probably should work just as well as 15V ones when undocked so something like the Chromebook Pixel charger (5V/12V/20V) is "High Power".

>AX88772 adapter works

I mentioned that in my OP, but all the adapters I linked are AX88179. I guess I figured if you really want Ethernet you might as well get the faster one.
Yes, it's true that the Nexus 5X/6P chargers have that problem. This does not mean they can damage the Switch, however. I'm pretty sure it just means you aren't protected from certain mistakes like plugging one charger into another. USB-C is supposed to protect you from that so it's best to avoid those chargers in general if you think you or anyone else might ever accidentally plug things in wrong.

The SONEic 15W charger in particular is one that looks almost identical to the Nexus 6P stock charger but does not have this problem.
No problems, those chargers are pretty good.

I have a Google Pixel charger myself and verified it gives the Switch 9V/2A (the full 18W). MacBook Pro's charger will work at 27W (9V/3A) because unfortunately Apple doesn't support 15V output.
There are some details I'm not completely sure about:

* ~~Does the 29W Macbook charger work with the Switch for 15V charging or will it fall back to 5V or 9V?~~
* What chipset does the officially-licensed Hori Switch USB Ethernet adapter use? Is it AX88179? I'd appreciate if anybody who owns it connects it to their PC and posts what they see in Device Manager (Windows) or lsusb (Linux)
* Do all Qualcomm Quick Charge chargers support 5V/1.5A USB-BC fallback? Is that guaranteed by the Quick Charge spec?
* Which other charging methods are supported by OnePlus's Dash Charger?
* Does the Joy-Con Charging Grip support pairing with USB?
* The Nintendo charger doesn't seem to advertise 9V output. Does it really not support 9V? I don't currently have a Pixel or USB-PD sniffer to check this with.
* The Nintendo charger seems to support 5V/1.5A and 15V/2.6A, but it doesn't seem to support 5V/3.0A or 9V/3.0A. Doesn't this violate the USB-PD spec for Power Rules?
* Arstechnica complained about compatibility with the Jackery Titan S battery bank but that doesn't make much sense to me. Can anyone confirm if it works well *from the USB-C port*? My best guess is maybe they were using one of the USB-A ports with an A-to-C cable.

I'd appreciate if anyone knows the answer to these.

It'll take some time to figure out how long it takes to fully charge the Switch from each kind of charger both while in sleep mode and while actively playing BotW. We also don't know yet what the absolute maximum possible power draw from a charger is while undocked; I doubt you'll ever draw the full 39W.

I disagree. Chromebooks and ChromeOS serve as a step forward in a lot of ways like usability, security, hardware requirements, and even pioneering some laptop design improvements.

ChromeOS is fast, not slow, especially when comparing equivalent hardware. The Pixel laptops have great performance.

The limitations aren't for everyone; Windows can never be replaced by anything. But a browser is plenty for a lot of people, it's able to run apps, and it's even better for unlocking and tinkering than most Android devices.

Physical keyboards are old school? Don't you use any kind of computer? They're essential.
http://nintendoeverything.com/what-to-expect-from-switchs-day-one-update/

>the update lets you “connect online using hotspots that require authentication, such as at a hotel or café. A web applet will open up so the user can sign-in or accept terms of use.”
If Google releases another Pixel laptop, I hope it's as tinkerable as the last two with SeaBIOS and writeable firmware. It seems that's been going away recently on a lot of new Chromebooks.
The Hori Switch car charger (licensed by Nintendo) supports 15W output which is indeed enough to charge the Switch while playing. Other Type-C car chargers should work too.
The official AC adapter's cable is about 2 meters or 6 feet.

The Nintendo charger that you can buy on its own is exactly the same as the one bundled with the console.
Switch will have this capability only after the day 1 system update.

When you first buy the Switch, you'll have to find some other way to temporarily connect it online so that you can download this update. Maybe try tethering your phone's internet or taking it to a friend's house.
The Parental Controls mobile app gives you an activity log. Even if you're only getting the Switch for yourself, setting up this app can be useful if you want its activity log.

There might also be a web interface for this, but at launch there's nothing for it in Switch's own UI.
If you bought phone chargers a few years ago, you might remember there being a mix of some USB chargers "for iPhone/iPad" and others "for Android". The reason for this is that Apple created a special charging method that works over USB-A ports but doesn't actually work well with other USB stuff. All the 2.4A USB chargers on the market use this.

Some recent Android phones now support this Apple charging method, but for the ones that don't, those chargers will only give 0.5A. Some chargers (like Anker's PowerIQ) mix this with another charging standard that supports up to 1.5A.

I'm not totally sure yet, but it seems that Switch probably doesn't support this Apple charging method. If this is right, then the only chargers that Switch can draw more than 7.5W (5V/1.5A) from are in practice the ones that have Type-C ports.

tldr: Switch doesn't like Apple USB-A chargers. Probably.
It seems that Switch is probably not compatible with 2.4A chargers. It will work, but not at the speeds you'd expect, so depending on the charger it will either give 0.5A or 1.5A.

1.5A might be enough to charge while playing some games (but not BotW) while 0.5A will only slightly postpone battery depletion.
Switch has a Dual Role Power port because it has to in order for the dock to work. It acts as a sink in order to charge while docked, it acts as a source in order to let the dock have power for itself and the USB ports, and it uses the USB-PD Power Role Swap command to support both of those over the same USB connection.

As a side effect, you can plug in one of those USB-C "OTG" adapters to an undocked Switch and get a usable USB-A port that works with accessories like the Ethernet adapter. Or the Switch can charge other Type-C devices.
The Switch doesn't have an option for Download Play at launch, but it could come in the future with an OS update.
Some people might be sold on getting a Switch this year because of games coming out later like Mario and Splatoon. If they're buying it this year either way, just a few "nice-to-have" games could be a good enough reason to push forward their purchase a few months.
For third-party AAA western games, sure, I could see the support drying up a bit because of the power gap.

On the other hand, I see no reason to believe indie devs and Japanese players/developers won't love the Switch. Both of those groups tend to love handhelds and they frankly won't have any other choice for that market post-Vita. Considering that some major Japanese releases are still targeting PS3 (a weaker console than Switch), I doubt the Switch-PS4 power gap is that much of a deal-breaker to them even for console-tier games.

First-party support might be better than ever too if Nintendo really is merging their console and handheld efforts into one system.

>having to develop two versions (docked & undocked)

Switch isn't really any worse than PS4 Pro or XB1 Scorpio in this regard. Developers don't really have to include any sort of higher-detail resources for TV mode.
The volume over HDMI is probably not affected by the top volume buttons, but you'll need to use those buttons to adjust the volume of headphones connected to the 3.5mm jack which you can use while docked.

There aren't any on-screen volume controls in Quick Settings or System Settings.
> I need a straight answer here.

You won't get one yet because nobody who owns a Switch has tried it out and because Nintendo hasn't made any official statements either way. We'll know the answer when more people actually have one.

I doubt it will work.
Before the midnight release.

At the latest, maybe Thursday at 10:00 am in US Eastern Time because that's when Japan is getting their midnight release, but more likely it'll be up a few hours before then.
Yes, that charger will work fine with Switch.

USB will not give any device more power than it supports. The charger supports 20V but it won't ever give 20V to the Switch. There's no danger of anything getting damaged.

It will fall back to 15V, 9V, or 5V instead but we don't know yet which one so you may or may not get decent charging speeds.
If you want a charger that's smaller than the official one, your best bet is to get a USB Type-C phone charger. The 3A ones should be sufficient, for example the SONEic 15W charger or the ones included with Nexus and Pixel phones.
There are two dev kit devices. The EDEV kit looks almost exactly like the retail unit, but it comes with black joy-cons (not grey or neon). SDEV looks completely different, lacks a battery, and is designed for more advanced debugging capabilities.

Development systems work only with development cards and retail systems only work with retail game cards. You can't develop with a retail unit.

I believe https://developer.nintendo.com/ is the place to go for registering for a devkit and SDK.
It'll work but not well. You'll get 4.5W power (5V 0.9A). Coincidentally, that's exactly the same as the 3DS charger.

If the Switch is turned off, that might take anywhere between 8 to 12 hours to fully charge as a rough guess.
>pretty much all OEMs support the RCS universal profile

This is huge not only on the user side but also on the carrier adoption side. It can serve as a pretty strong motivation for T-Mobile and other carriers to support RCS universal profile.
Using the wrong resistor on the CC line is the most common design failure, especially in C-to-A cables (and other Type-C legacy adapters), but it's not the only one. There's plenty of other issues that can happen. The worst I've heard of is one that swapped pins, which you can detect with a multimeter if you're looking for it.

Even if you have a multimeter, not everybody has USB breakout boards or other tools for specifically measuring USB equipment.
Does the charger use a C-to-C (same on both ends) or C-to-A (old USB) cable?

You'll probably get 5V 2A from it. Switch doesn't work with Qualcomm QuickCharge so it won't use the 9V mode for that particular charger.
I'll definitely test things with a multimeter when I get the system. One guess I have regarding why they had such awful speeds is that maybe Switch just doesn't support the particular charging types that they were trying. The 5V/2.4A chargers actually use Apple's charging system, which might actually fall back to 0.5A for devices that don't support it.

If that's what happened, then 15W Type-C chargers will actually charge the Switch fairly fast in contrast.
Switch uses standard exFAT for SDXC cards. No need to reformat.
Every charger has a list of voltages it supports, with a max current for each voltage. Each device also has a list of voltages it accepts. It'll compare the two lists and pick the highest shared number.

Unfortunately, you might have a charger that offers 5V/12V/20V and a device that supports 5V/9V/15V. Because there's nothing better that matches, you'll only get 5V in this situation. They normally advertise the voltage list so just check and make sure it includes 15V.

I'll post an in-depth explanation of charger compatibility and USB Type-C on Friday.
I doubt the Switch will support 12V input, so no. We know it supports at least 15V and 5V, while I'm guessing that 9V is likely to work too.
If you want an AC adapter that is as good as the original, you might as well just get a second copy of the official charger. It's US$30 on Amazon.
There's no problem with going over. You'll get better results from a charger that offers more power than Switch can demand rather than one that offers less.

The only problem with going over is that some 20V chargers don't support a 15V output, meaning it'll fall back to only 5V and charge slow as a result.
Google's 60W charger does not support 15V output, which means it will only charge the Switch as fast as a 15W (5V/3A) charger. It's not at all worth the price for exclusively Switch use.
No, at launch Switch does not support any controllers that aren't specifically made for Switch. No Wii U, Wii, GameCube, PS, etc controllers.

The developer libraries do not give individual games direct access to the USB ports. This means that, if a Smash Switch ever comes out, GameCube controllers will only be usable if there's a system update for supporting them at the OS level which may or may not happen.
No, 2.4A is the inherent limit for that charging method and you can't simply combine two ports in that way to get power beyond its limit. In general you shouldn't use Y cables with any dedicated charging ports.

No matter what weird way you use to connect things you'll never get higher than 2.4A from an old USB-A charger.


Switch's HDMI port only supports up to HDMI 1.4. There's no need to connect it to HDMI 2.0 stuff.
The dock's USB-C port is for power-only at the hardware level. There's nothing about it that'll be of any use for homebrew or other software.

The dock, the Switch, the Pro Controller, and the Charging Grip all have USB-C ports for power, which means you can connect the included AC adapter directly to any of them.
Using a charger like that with the Switch is perfectly safe. 20V chargers will only actually give 20V to devices that support and request it, otherwise they'll fall back on some lower supported voltage like 15V or 5V.

MacBook chargers probably support 15V output, even though I don't see it on your list, which would mean that you'll get charging speeds that are just as good as with the official charger.
You know that the dock has three USB ports, right? Leave the LAN adapter in the port on the back and you'll have two more ports left for charging/syncing controllers. I find it hard to believe you'll need a hub.

Connecting a USB hub means that the power that would have been provided to a single USB port has to be shared between multiple devices. The hub itself won't draw any substantial amount of power.
Tetris Ultimate in particular is notoriously bad. It's an amazing feat of programming to make a Tetris game of all things somehow lag on PS4.
Puyo is a Sega franchise, not Nintendo. We're more likely to get Puyo Puyo Chronicles in English if the Puyo Puyo Tetris localization is successful.

Puyo games have a history of being ported a lot so Chronicles on Switch wouldn't be very surprising.
No. Puyo Puyo Tetris has been out in Japan for more than three years and until now hasn't been in English at all.

It's already confirmed, unfortunately, that you can't select Japanese voices in the English version.
Yes. Puyo Puyo Tetris has both physical and digital releases on Switch, PS3, Vita, and 3DS, but PS4 is physical-only. I think there was some sort of platform-specific licensing issue.

The English version releasing in April will also be physical-only on PS4 and both physical and digital on Switch.
Vita TV lets you emulate that with touchpad multi-touch: the first finger you touch with is for the touchscreen and the second one is for the rear touchpad. Alternatively L3/R3 work for both DS3 and DS4.
The Joy-Con locking mechanism is symmetrical. This works very easily without forcing anything.

The reason it's designed this way is so that a single wrist strap can be used with either Joy-Con. Doing this doesn't hurt anything except your ability to see what's going on.
> More voltage would be a bad thing.

It's not. You can use 20V chargers with the Switch with no issues. Each charger supports multiple voltages and the USB spec lets the device (the Switch) pick which one it wants, so you'll never overpower it.

iOS device chargers in particular always are 5V, but there haven't been enough tests yet to determine how much current the Switch can actually pull from an Apple charger. We'll know once the system is out.
OP seems to be getting a lot of downvotes, so I'll try to explain:

The two neon Joy-Con colors are complementary, so if you invert the colors in the image [you'll see what looks like swapped joycon colors](http://imgur.com/a/eVwAC)

Without the use of photoshop's "Invert" feature, you can still see this with a visual phenomenon called [negative afterimage](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Afterimage) which essentially means that if you stare at a single colorful picture for long enough and then suddenly switch your vision to something colorless (like grey or pure white) that you'll see the inverted image for a moment.

If you're particularly sensitive to this, you can see this effect while watching that video because it shows you a picture of the neon switch for a few seconds before suddenly switching to an otherwise-identical picture of the grey one.
**Do NOT get this charger.** It's very poorly designed and can melt and/or literally catch fire when connected to higher-powered devices like the Switch.

Here's a review by /u/Nathan-K that describes its issues: https://plus.google.com/102612254593917101378/posts/e91WpjRFizs

You can get an extra copy of the official [Switch AC adapter](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01N7RUZ49) for US$30. If you really want to save a bit of money, the [SONEic 15W Charger](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B017BVLLC6) is decent cheaper option.
This is specifically answered in an FAQ from Shovel Knight: http://yachtclubgames.com/shovel-knight-treasure-trove-qa/

>If I own Shovel Knight on another platform, can I get the game on a new platform like the Nintendo Switch for free?

>No, but that’s part of the reason we’re making these changes!

Aside from Shovel Knight, the possibility is still there that future games or ports may be able to support cross-buy between Wii U and Switch, but I doubt it.
With what we know so far about the Switch, I'd expect a 3A Type-C charger will work better than that 2.4A Type-A charger, but we won't know for sure until the system launches.

It's worth noting that this Nyko charger is not licensed by Nintendo despite being advertised for Switch.
You can buy another copy of the official Nintendo charger for US$30. You can keep one connected to the dock and take the other with you.

If you really want to save a bit of money and go third-party, the SONEic USB Type-C charger is US$20 on Amazon with a cable included. That's probably the best one you can get for less than $30.
Switch is rated for an operating environment between 41°F-95°F (5°C-35°C).
If you have a PC with an SD card reader you can use it to simply copy all the files from one card to another.
Just like the 3DS, Switch will allow you to swap SD cards and retain data by simply using a PC to copy all the files over in exactly the same folder organization. This is confirmed by the fact that they preserve the existing exFAT filesystem and don't reformat it like Wii U does with its hard drives.

The restrictions you're thinking about are related to taking an SD card from one system and putting it in another one. Switch will probably have similar restrictions related to this.
Yes, there are official Nintendo-licensed USB Ethernet adapters. Many unofficial adapters will not work, but some will. We won't know exactly which ones work until the system is released.
Adding to that, every extra dock also includes an extra AC adapter (which on its own would be US$29.99) and an HDMI cable. That's everything you need to connect it to a second TV other than the TV itself.
None of the early reviewers have done enough testing to determine this. We'll know basically as soon as the system is in consumers' hands.
It does not include an Ethernet port, but it does have USB ports. You can buy a compatible (sold-separately) USB Ethernet adapter to get one.

There are some Ethernet adapters that have been officially licensed by Nintendo and are guaranteed to work. Other ones may or may not work.
No, you shouldn't use any other power supply but the official Nintendo one for the dock. USB C to A cables won't work at all for this purpose and most other third-party chargers won't provide the 39W that it expects.

While you can use third-party chargers for the undocked Switch, you probably won't get the results you want with a C-to-A cable of any length. Pure Type-C chargers are more likely to keep up with battery drain.
The Pro Controller's included cable is C-to-A. It's not technically confirmed yet, but most likely there are no chargers that give enough power when connected to a cable like that to keep up with the power draw while playing power-intensive games like BotW.
15V chargers give optimum charging speeds but it's confirmed that Switch supports 5V charging too.

The Pixel charger supports 5V/3.0A and 9V/2.0A. It'll use 9V if the Switch supports that (we don't know yet) and it'll use 5V otherwise.
Yes, Tabletop mode lets you use a Pro Controller instead of Joy-Cons if you want. The controller is wireless; after you pair it once it will automatically reconnect (whether docked or not) whenever you try using it without any hassle of connecting a cable or messing with the Controller Settings menu.

If you have only one charger, you can charge either the undocked Switch or the Pro Controller but not both. The Pro Controller battery lasts so long that you probably won't ever need to bring a second charger for it.
Yes, [Nintendo's official tech specs](http://www.nintendo.com/switch/features/tech-specs/) confirms that it supports 802.11ac and 2.4/5GHz dual-band.
Every USB charger is able to charge the Switch while it's off or in sleep mode, but only some can charge at higher speeds that are capable of keeping up with gameplay. You'll generally get better results from USB Type-C chargers than older USB chargers.
Yes, the Pixel charger is one of the highest-quality USB chargers on the market. USB is designed so that no device should ever be given a power level that it doesn't support.

We don't know yet if Switch supports 9V USB-PD fast charging. If it does, you'll get 18W from that charger, otherwise you'll get about 15W.
I'd like to get a clear measurement on this, but none of the unboxing videos/pictures I checked include an unwrapped cable so it's hard to tell.

I believe one outlet says the cable is about 3 or 4 feet long. I'm hoping it's actually more like 6 feet.
A reasonable assumption is that, if you have a wired network configured, your Switch will use it when docked which means you'll disconnect if you undock while playing online. If you're already connected to Wi-Fi, docking probably won't make you disconnect because the system can just keep using the Wi-Fi connection.

Some games might be able to elegantly handle reconnecting at certain points so that you can, for example, undock while waiting for more players in the lobby, but this isn't confirmed until those games actually come out.

It's safe to say things won't work out very well if you undock in the middle of an MK8 race while connected over Ethernet.
If Amazon is still accepting orders at all for whatever you ordered, they'll most likely give you release-day delivery. They normally remove the pre-release buying options if they're sold out of pre-orders.
No, Anker's currently-available cables are all fine.

There's a very good chance that your Apple AC adapter will only provide a small trickle charge to the Switch, however, so it's not a very good charger to rely on especially if you want to play while charging.
Some games, like Fire Emblem Warriors, will get simultaneous release on both Switch and 3DS, but the Switch version will almost definitely be the best one for all of them. Some of the 3DS versions will require a New 3DS.

Some others, like Fire Emblem Echoes, will be 3DS exclusive despite launching long after the Switch.

The next Pokémon game will almost definitely have at least one version for 3DS and may or may not also have a Switch version.
What is GameStop's policy for verifying pre-orders? I recently realized that my order was put under my old name because that's what the cashier found when looking up my phone number but my ID doesn't match that name anymore.

I still have the receipt, I only put down the minimum $50, and I paid with a credit card I still have which is under my current name.
No, none of the reviewers have done much testing on Switch's charging compatibility. I'll test it myself on launch day and post the details then.

We do know, at least, that every USB charger can charge Switch while it's off or in sleep mode. The harder questions to answer are "How much power will I get from this charger?" and "Is that enough power to play while charging?"
Switch uses USB 3.1, but the USB version matters more for data speeds (like with the Ethernet adapter) rather than power.

With Type-C cables, as long as you're charging from a 5V dedicated charger it doesn't matter whether your cable supports 3.0/3.1 data or not, you can still get 15W either way.

Most (not all) USB 2.0 Type-C cables won't support higher voltages above 5V but you probably won't be getting any third-party chargers that use them anyway.

Most computers (but not AC adapters) give more power to USB3 (0.9A) connections than to USB2 (0.5A) ones. Either way it's much lower than what you'll get with any AC adapter.
Yes, longer cables need more shielding (thicker cables) to support the same current as short cables.

With microUSB charging you'll find that charging speeds vary wildly by cable, correlated with length. Some cables can handle 2.4A+, others only 0.5A.

With USB-C the standard requires that every cable can handle at least 3A, so you won't see as many longer cables. The ones that support USB 3.1 data speeds tend to be even shorter, seldom exceeding 3ft.

There are currently some 10ft USB 2.0 Type-C cables on Amazon but I don't know if they strictly obey the USB spec in electrical requirements so they might charge slower than shorter cables.
At 2:20 it looks like Reckless Safety Notice Man has been replaced.
I consider myself a pretty big Nintendo fan, but even I wasn't interested in any Wii U games last year except TPHD and Pokken. I'll probably own 4 Switch games by the end of April alone and I'm sure there will be plenty more by the end of 2017.

It's a pretty good year for Nintendo games.
At least you don't have to set up any gaming events that need networking, connecting all the Switches to switches via Ethernet adapters.
Yes. After 9 years of Nintendo console names that create more questions and confusion than answers it's great to have something that actually sounds like a new (but not "New") system that isn't an accessory or a variant of an existing system. It's a name that actually describes the product and is easy to associate with it.

The name reminds me of "Nintendo Entertainment System" and "GameCube" in that way.
From Donut to Lollipop, AOSP Messaging was maintained in the AOSP repository [Mms](https://android.googlesource.com/platform/packages/apps/Mms/)

In Marshmallow, they created a new [Messaging](https://android.googlesource.com/platform/packages/apps/Messaging/) repository for the newly redesigned app. The open source version has a green version of the Google Messenger icon and still gets commits as recently as 5 days ago. Other than name and icon I'm not sure what else is different, maybe it lacks RCS? They also still have open-source versions of Dialer, Launcher, Contacts, etc.
Yes, out of the box, Switch has an option to configure Ethernet connections with that adapter, so you can for example use it to successfully connect online without ever having had access to any Wi-Fi network.
Yes, no matter which region you buy it from, every Switch console supports selecting one of 9 languages for the OS UI: English, French, German, Spanish, Italian, Dutch, Portuguese, Russian, and Japanese.

The region is another setting you can simply select on any console: Americas, Japan, Europe, and Australia.

This is confirmed in several UI tours including the one by GameXplain
Yes, every USB charger (assuming it complies with the USB spec) can charge the Switch when it's turned off or in sleep mode. For better charging speeds and to make sure you can play while charging it's better to only use C-to-C cables and Type-C chargers if you can.
In USB terminology, Dual-Role-Power (DRP) means you have one port that can either be used to give or accept power depending on what you connect it to or what the user chooses. Your 6P does support this.

Power Role Swap (PR_Swap) is USB-PD command that improves DRP by letting a device very frequently switch roles without having to disconnect and reconnect (which would break data connections); this effectively makes it look like the device is both charging itself and providing power to another device at the same time.

Because your 6P doesn't support PD or PR_Swap, you can still connect your 6P to a USB hub with passthrough charging but you can't choose both "Charge this device" and "Supply power" at the same time. Either the USB hub or the charging will work but not both.

Unlike the 5X/6P, Google's more recent Pixel phone does support USB-PD for charging at up to 18W (9V/2A). Every Type-C laptop uses PD.

Switch's USB connector is capable of 1080p120 video but the dock uses HDMI 1.4 which is not. I'd be surprised to see any game console (even the ones that use HDMI 2.0) support 120Hz at the OS level.
The question cited here is about family sharing; sharing a game between two consoles logged into different Nintendo Accounts, similar to what smartphones already do, which Nintendo has no plans for.

Either way, the Q&A has nothing to do with what the article is claiming.
The best part of this is that the clock sync should include DST automatic adjustment. For the past decade Nintendo consoles have been the only clocks I have had to manually adjust for every single time change and I always put it off because I don't want my time-based games to break and think I'm cheating.

Of course the ideal solution would be for DST to stop happening but I'll take what I can get.
While it's true that the Nexus 5X and 6P don't support PD, I believe there can be USB-PD chargers that only support 5V/3A. I've never heard of one existing yet but I imagine they might be useful for phone docks.

Yes, I believe PD is involved not only in negotiating alternate modes but also in allowing Power Role Swap which handles USB hubs with passthrough charging.

It would probably be a dangerous violation of the USB Type-C spec to support those features with some weird proprietary solution instead of obeying USB-PD. The spec places limits on what proprietary charging protocols are allowed to do.

The video stream itself is outside the scope of USB although you'd normally expect it to follow the DisplayPort protocol. Considering that the HDMI port supports 1080p60/2160p30 at the same time as the USB 3.0 port is in use, they probably are using DisplayPort-over-USBC but there might be an authentication mechanism.
No, we don't know yet which third-party Ethernet adapters will be supported by the Switch and most likely there will be many that it won't support.

A lot of USB Ethernet adapters actually have the same parts on the inside (chipset) which means they're interchangeable, so any adapters that match the Nintendo one will definitely work, but we won't know which adapters match until somebody buys it and checks.
eShop region depends on the region you chose when creating the Nintendo Account. DLC only works for a copy of the game bought from the same region. You can create multiple users on one Switch console that are linked to different Nintendo Accounts with different regions.
USB Type-C current is a standard for USB Type-C connections which lets chargers say they support 7.5W (1.5A) or 15W (3.0A) output. Every Type-C charger that supports those power levels is required to support delivering them this way and every Type-C cable (only C-to-C) supports this.

In addition to being a fast charging specification, USB-PD is needed to allow one Type-C port to simultaneously charge while providing video output (over USB Alternate Mode). By the nature of the Switch dock it's fairly clear that it uses USB-PD for charging. What we don't know is whether the video output follows a standard or uses Nintendo's own protocol.

Nintendo's Switch AC adapter isn't overpriced. You won't find any other 39W (or higher) USB charger on the market that you can buy for US$30 or less let alone a reliable one. You can of course find other cheaper chargers if you can settle for lower power levels like 15W for about US$20.
Switch does support 5V/3A input. Even if it didn't, USB won't ever give you too much power; there's no problem with using a charger rated for more power than the system can accept.

5V/3A USB-C chargers are generally what you should look for when buying third-party chargers for the Switch to get the best balance of charging speed and price. The officially-licensed Switch car charger is 3A.
Not all USB C devices support that much power from C-to-A cables because that requires Apple's nonstandard charging technology. Without that, it's limited to 1.5A which puts it at only half the power you'll get from 15W USB-C chargers.
Switch supports at least 2 (probably 3, maybe 4) different kinds of fast-charging technologies. Most notable are "USB Type-C Current" which handles up to 5V/3A and "USB Power Delivery" which with Switch handles up to 15V/2.6A.

These two fast-charging technologies in particular are official USB standards, but they're optional extensions that you won't see in any existing USB Type-A chargers. Most USB Type-C chargers should support Type-C Current but OnePlus's Dash Charger is one example that doesn't.

If both Switch and Dash Charger support USB-BC (which is another fast charging technology), then they'll use its 1.5A output.

USB doesn't let you have "just a higher amperage" above 0.9A (or 0.5A for USB 2.0) without specifically negotiating some sort of fast-charging technology.
The problem with the Nexus 6P charger depends on which USB-C cable you use it with. If you use it only with the cable that came with the charger, there should be no danger at all.

The 6P charger issue will happen with SuperSpeed cables and other eMarked cables. As far as I know, this particular failure (Vbus hot) isn't innately dangerous in that it won't damage the devices you connect *unless* you connect two chargers to each other or use a USB3 C-to-A cable to connect your charger to a USB host port which are both nonsensical things to do but USB-C should still protect you from them.

Basically, feel free to use your 6P charger with the Switch.
That's related, but not quite the same thing. A few years ago, before PowerIQ existed, you would have some USB chargers that can fast-charge only Apple devices and other USB chargers that can fast-charge everything else except Apple devices.

PowerIQ is Anker's name for a single *charger* that can do both depending on which device you connect it to. Several other manufacturers now do the same thing with other names.

On the other side of things, some recent Android *devices* can support being fast-charged by both kinds of chargers. My point is that we don't know yet whether the Switch is like that because this feature is completely optional and not even part of the USB spec.

If Switch doesn't support the Apple charging, then I believe it will only draw at most 1.5A from PowerIQ ports and only 0.5A from Apple-only chargers.
Standard USB 3.0 ports on a computer will only provide 5V with at least 0.15A or at most 0.9A depending on the computer.

I don't know how much longer you can keep playing with that, but it almost definitely won't be enough to completely prevent battery drain.
The increase in power to the CPU/GPU is larger than the amount of power saved by turning the screen off, so you're still using more power overall when docked.

This might not be true at all times for all games and on all TVs, but the maximum power load when docked is definitely much higher than the max load when undocked. USB ports on the dock require power which increases the load even more.
Dash Charge supports 5V/4A and Switch supports 5V/3A standard Type-C chargers, but when you combine the two it'll fall back to a much lower charging speed like 1.5A because the two fast-charging methods are incompatible.
No, Switch does not support Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 so you won't get the advertised power levels from it. The fallback power levels probably won't be enough to charge while playing.
No, you don't need to know about these details if you have no intention of charging your Switch with any third-party chargers.

The Pro Controller includes a USB cable that you can use to connect it to the dock for charging and pairing.
>you should buy a 5 volt one that can output up to 2-2.4 amps

A disclaimer for this: the 2.4A USB chargers you'll find on the market mostly use Apple's own nonstandard charging system that they made for iOS devices. Those chargers have become so common that some Android phones will accept them but we don't know yet if Switch will support this. It's very possible Switch can only pull 1.5A or maybe even 0.5A from these chargers.

There are USB Type-C chargers that output 3.0 amps which should work fine, but with USB Type-A chargers we don't know yet whether Switch can draw more than 1.5 amps.
Yes, it's safe to use and will charge your Switch just as effectively as the 15W (5V/3A) Hori Switch Car Charger which is officially licensed by Nintendo. They both use standard Type-C Current for 5V charging.

Switch seems to also support USB Power Delivery, which is a more complicated charging method that can raise voltage, in its case, from 5V to (probably) 9V and 15V. This is another part of the USB spec that Google follows with its Pixel phones and Chromebooks, but your charger and the Nexus phones don't support it.
Fire Emblem Awakening recently got an English release of its own art book last October. It's really nice with plenty of art for every character, every unit class, every weapon, and more with plenty of artist notes, results of online polls, and scripts from in-game dialogue including every single Support conversation. It's pretty big but not quite as thick as Zelda Art & Artifacts (still impressive considering it's only for one game).

Splatoon is getting a similar art book in July. You can preorder it from Amazon now.

I'd love a similar book for FE Fates or games from other franchises like Mario Galaxy, Smash Bros, Kirby, etc.
>it will go to higher clock speeds when it detects HDMI

This is already confirmed true: The reason that Switch downclocks when undocked is not just to reduce battery drain but also to avoid being uncomfortably hot when held. Switch will not switch to "TV mode" unless both power and video are connected and even then it might specifically detect/require Nintendo's official dock.

>the switch only charges faster if it has higher clock speeds

I never claimed this. Batteries can't magically take as much power you want to throw at them to instantly recharge; there's a maximum charge rate that it's designed to accept. The Switch will draw more power from the charger when the clocks are higher, but that extra power goes to the GPU not to the battery.

That said, battery charging produces heat, so as far as we currently know Nintendo *might* be throttling how fast the battery will charge when undocked because they want to avoid the console being too hot when you're holding it. If they don't do this, the battery should charge no faster when docked than undocked while connected to the official 39W charger.
To use one Ethernet cable with two devices, an actual Ethernet switch is definitely what you want, not that splitter thing.

Switch won't have the drivers to support any arbitrary USB Ethernet adapter you buy. There are probably some existing USB Ethernet adapters that it will work with but we don't know yet which ones so unless you already own one you're better off buying the official one.
Switch uses USB Power Delivery, not Qualcomm QuickCharge.

I don't entirely agree with that. For example, the Hori 15W (5V/3A) Switch car charger is officially licensed by Nintendo which I think should be indication that 15W is high enough to charge the Switch while playing undocked. The charging speed won't be as fast as with 15V but I doubt it'll discharge.

Switch definitely doesn't use as much power undocked; it might still ask the power supply for 15V but not for the whole 2.6A/39W, which is probably enough to simultaneously power the Switch at max docked load, power the dock, and charge the battery at its max speed. Undocked Switch uses less GPU power and no dock power so it won't need as much total power even if the battery draws the same amount. The battery charging might even be throttled when undocked for thermal reasons.
No. Android always will give you an interactive prompt for any attempt to install an app from "Unknown sources". By its nature as a root service Google Play is able to install apps without that.

The option exists and is disabled by default in an attempt to reduce user error from the people who blindly click yes to any prompt they see.
It's very likely that a handful of popular Wii U games will continue to individually get ported to Switch like how MK8 already is. There's no telling which others they'll decide to port although it's a safe guess to expect that at least Smash is likely.

Switch is fundamentally incompatible with Wii U software so you can't ever expect Nintendo to declare something like "every Wii U game can now be played on Switch".
Not at launch, no. Nintendo doesn't support their hardware for use with any platforms they don't control.

Give it time and there will inevitably be community-made drivers for Windows and Linux like there were for Wii U Pro Controller and Wii Remotes. It seems to be effectively a typical bluetooth controller that may or may not (we don't know yet) be usable over just USB.
Some retailers sell "digital" games that are actually just a card with a code you can redeem in the eShop to obtain the game, but if you can't find eShop gift/refill cards then you probably won't be able to find those either.

If you have a debit card, you might be able to use it as a credit card. You should be able to find generic pre-paid credit-like cards that you can use at the eShop or anywhere.

For people who don't live in places with as big gaming markets as North America or Japan, buying digital games can be particularly useful for importing without the fees or wait.
Yeah. Swapping game cards is a minor inconvenience, but it's really the only one you'll have by going physical. You'll of course also have to either go to a store or wait for mail to buy new games instead of waiting just a few minutes for a download.

Not all games will be available physically though. The ones that are digital-only tend to either be smaller/cheaper games (like Snipperclips or Pushmo), niche games (publisher decided printing copies isn't worth it), or certain old game re-releases like VC.
No, there's not confirmation yet that Switch will ever get Virtual Console as we know it. I'd guess that it will come, but not at launch.

Nintendo did confirm that the online services subscription will give you an NES or SNES game once a month which has online multiplayer support. That's probably not quite the same as Virtual Console because the library is way more limited and it might not have save points.
>using cartridges and not using cartridges

Compared to buying digital copies, physical/cartridge versions:

* Are often cheaper because of promotions like Amazon Prime and Best Buy GCU
* Tend to have better and more frequent sales
* Cost less because you don't need as much SD card space to store saves+DLC as you would to store full games
* Can be easily lent or resold
* Consume shelf space
* Require carrying around and swapping game cards instead of just picking the game in your home menu
* Make it much less viable to always have your whole game library with you all the time
* Cannot be as easily obtained at midnight on launch days

Compared to discs, game cards are way better at portability and have better read speeds but they cost more to manufacture (lower publisher profit margins) and they have more limited storage capacity than Blu-Rays. Lacking a disc drive makes a console less prone to failure. PSP was heavily criticized for using discs in a handheld system.
Yes, it's already been demonstrated (thanks to Nvidia Shield TV) that the Tegra X1 with less than 4GB RAM is even able to smoothly emulate GameCube/Wii games. Xbox/PS2 emulation seems to be less mature, but anything else older/weaker than GameCube should be fair game if and when people get homebrew running.
No, USB chargers and USB devices made by reputable manufacturers like Apple or Nintendo should never damage each other.

USB will try to negotiate the highest voltage and current combination that both ends support. In the worst case, neither end will agree on the exact numbers or delivery method and it'll fall back to slow standard USB charging speeds that everything has to support.
Wait until either reviewers or consumers try it out; the 29W MacBook charger is rather odd and there's a lot of details that might break compatibility that we simply don't know yet.

In the worst case, it won't hurt anything but it might charge slowly.
No, at least with the OS version preinstalled at factory there doesn't seem to be any volume controls visible in the System Settings or Quick Settings screens. There doesn't seem to be any indication that it can be controlled in any other way like with a button combo.

This can be changed at any time or even on launch day with a system update.
The 5V mode for this is most likely never used (for more than a moment) with the Switch console itself, but it will be used if you connect this AC adapter directly to the Pro Controller, the Joy-Con Charging Grip, or any USB Type-C phone.

It's impossible to make a USB charger that doesn't support 5V; this doesn't say anything about the product it's made for. Even 20V laptops that can't charge with only 5V have to come with a charger that supports it. Every USB connection has to use 5V at first until both ends agree on a higher voltage.

Regardless how the official charger works with the Switch, it's basically confirmed that a 5V/3A (15W) USB Type-C charger is sufficient to charge an undocked Switch during gameplay, but it'll probably be slower than Nintendo's wall wart charger.
Yes, both the Pro Controller and the Joy-Con Charging Grip include a USB-A to Type-C cable that you can use to charge it from the Switch dock or anything else with USB ports. You can also use the Switch's AC adapter instead.
"Mods" more recently often means software mods, not hardware modchips. For example Project M and fan translation patches for games that might otherwise never get an English translation. Those wouldn't exist for any console games if not for either homebrew or emulators. As long as you're not playing online, there shouldn't be anything wrong with running mods or cheats.

Ever since I had an officially-licensed GameCube memory card die with 8 years' worth of save data I decided to use homebrew to keep save backups whenever I can. I've also used backups to move my save data to emulators. Being able to watch DVDs and play foreign-region games on my Wii were nice side-effects of homebrewing that I used a few times.
The best part of this change is that Nintendo is moving to using the same power connector for the console and all its accessories which this time is actually a standard that the rest of the tech industry is actively using too.

In the 8th generation, Nintendo has plenty of different power connectors, most of which are unique to Nintendo products:

* Wii U power brick plug (unique)
* Wii sensor bar plug (unique)
* Wii U GamePad charger (unique but deceptively looks similar to 3DS charger)
* 3DS charger (Nintendo-only; shared with DSi)
* MiniUSB for Wii U Pro Controller (not unique, but hardly anyone else uses it this decade)
* AA batteries for Wii Remotes, the 3DS NFC Adapter, and Wii Fit Balance Board
* 5 different kinds of charging cradles for 3DS, 3DS XL, New 3DS, New 3DS XL, and Wii U GamePad

It's made worse by the fact that you might need separate power adapters for an external hard drive (can't use SD for Wii U games), a USB hub, and/or rechargeable AA batteries.

Sony's not quite that bad even if you include PSVR and the original Vita-1000/non-Slim charger.
They seem to do that with probably all of their systems that use game cards or cartridges, but it tends to be years after launch. For example, DS games originally had to be less than 128MB but about 3 years later some 256MB games appeared and eventually 512MB.

32GB is the limit Nintendo gave developers for Switch game cards at launch.
Wii and 3DS use 128 KiB blocks which would make BotW be 107200 blocks.

GameCube blocks were 8 KiB, so that's about 1715200 blocks or 1.7 megablocks (not legos). Needless to say that'd take a lot of memory cards.
It hasn't been confirmed yet whether Switch requires HDCP DRM. If it does, that would block most recording devices.

I would guess it most likely won't, but you'll have to wait to find out for sure.
You don't necessarily need to buy an SD card. The internal storage should be enough to last you at least a year or two if not the console's entire lifetime with that kind of usage.

If you ever decide to get an SD card, you can simply move your data over to it. The cards will probably be cheaper by then.
> Purchases for Wii U games were not tied to any kind of account

That's not true. They are tied to your NNID account which you can link to your Nintendo Account. 3DS purchases can optionally also be linked to your NNID account.

It might not seem much like an account system in practice because Nintendo didn't let you easily just sign in to your account on another WiiU/3DS, but it still is one.

If you link your NNID and Nintendo Account, Nintendo can offer discounts and cross-buy deals, but they haven't announced any intention to do so.
You should only use Nintendo's official AC adapter as the dock's power source. The Switch console pulls much more power when docked than undocked. The official AC adapter gives optimum power.

There are plenty of third-party USB Type-C chargers that are cheaper than replacement official Nintendo AC adapters, but they provide much less power which might be fine for just charging but it's not enough to handle the dock.

There are more powerful Type-C chargers, but they cost more than Nintendo's official charger and aren't worth getting unless you plan to use them with other USB Type-C devices like a laptop.
Xenoblade Chronicles X is a Wii U game that asks to install instead of simply running off the disc.

It's much less likely that any Switch games will ever do something like that because it wouldn't help loading times much if at all. If you buy all your games physically, the only content that your SD card needs to store will be DLC, software updates, and screenshots. 64GB should be plenty for that.
>I know it can't work in TV mode

Why? Being docked in TV mode shouldn't affect anything like that. The dock has USB data ports and uses the USB-C port for video, audio, power, and USB3 data at the same time. Being docked doesn't block things like the headphone jack or bluetooth headsets from working.
Switch and its dock do not offer any optical audio output. Game systems are very unlikely to have drivers for something like a USB DAC.

The dock's HDMI port offers a digital audio stream that you can use with any sound system that accepts HDMI. Many TVs have a digital audio output like optical or HDMI-ARC that you can connect to your sound system.
Even if some stores have additional stock that they didn't offer pre-orders for, I would be surprised if it lasted a whole week in stock. You probably won't be able to get one on March 10.
Every Animal Crossing character in this list is one that had an Amiibo figure in the AC series and with exactly the same renders and poses; only Kicks, Digby, and Cyrus are missing. Villager doesn't have a definitive design in any AC game.

The Splatoon icons are also all directly taken from the amiibo, but with one more added.
You're right, it wasn't confirmed in this screenshot, but it was [in the leaked devkit manuals](http://dystify.com/Overview/contents/Pages/Page_105383775.html) a while ago and I guess I got that mixed up. All the other data in those documents is perfectly accurate so I see little reason to doubt it, though I guess it isn't quite 100% confirmed.

This screenshot says you can regain access to your Switch library by just signing into your Nintendo Account while those manuals say that you can sign into one Nintendo Account on multiple devices and that each device can have multiple users with different Nintendo Accounts.

Signing into a Nintendo Account is not part of the "initialize" procedure; it's part of your user settings which you can set up later. It'll probably prompt you to sign up the first time you open the eShop or your friend list as each user.
Type-C USB-PD and QuickCharge (non-QC4.0) are incompatible charging protocols. No matter how much power your AC adapter can give, if you try using a charger made for one of them with a device expecting the other it'll fall back to basic 5V USB charging because that's the best standard they can agree on.

I don't know what the prices in your country/currency are, but decent 15W USB Type-C chargers cost around US$20, the Switch AC adapter is US$30, and a lot of laptop Type-C chargers can cost around US$60-US$80.

Nintendo granted their official seal of approval to Hori's 15W (5V/3A) USB Type-C car charger, so I guess Nintendo thinks 15W is good enough for on-the-go charging.

We don't know yet exactly how well charging with USB-A to USB Type-C cables will work with Switch, again because of different charging protocols. 5V/2.4A is Apple's charging system which Nintendo may or may not support. 5V/1.5A might be USB BC1.2 which again may or may not work with Switch. 5V/0.5A is standard USB 2.0 power levels and will definitely work. Qualcomm QuickCharge in particular will not work, but I think those chargers can fall back to USB BC1.2.
It's best to avoid using chargers that have the QuickCharge trademark with Switch for now. Switch uses an incompatible charging method and will only be able to draw 5V at lower currents.

For best results, stick with chargers that directly offer a USB Type-C port rather than using a Type-C adapter with old USB chargers, otherwise you probably won't get very much power.

There's no public data yet on how much power your charger needs to overcome the power draw while playing.

The best affordable chargers you can get for it now would probably be the 15W+ (5V/3A) USB Type-C chargers that work well with Nexus and Pixel phones. If you already have a laptop that charges with USB Type-C, that charger would work great with Switch, but laptop chargers cost a lot.
Most likely, your problem is that existing Nintendo consoles cannot connect to 5GHz Wi-Fi. Switch is the first one that can, which solves your problem.

It's still possible you'll not see certain Wi-Fi networks if you have mismatched country codes because every almost country has a different set of Wi-Fi channels you're not allowed to use. This isn't very likely if you buy all your hardware from your own country. For example, if you have a 5GHz router from the US on channel 157, Japanese devices probably won't see it.
Some games this generation are physical-only.

Puyo Puyo Tetris is getting the English PS4 version on the same day as the Switch release, but on PS4 this game is physical-only both in English and Japanese while Switch is getting both physical and digital releases of it in all regions.

I don't think there are any announced yet, but Switch will probably eventually get some physical-only games in certain regions because of weird obscure licensing issues.
Here's a list of the icons:

* Mario characters: Mario, Luigi, Peach, Yoshi, DK, Bowser, and all six of them in pictures styled like 3D World's
* Mario symbols: Mushroom, Fire Flower, Star, Yoshi Egg, ? Block, Green Koopa Shell (most of these are MK8 cup logos)
* Zelda: Triforce Crest, OoT logo's Sword+Shield, OoT Adult Link, BotW Link, BotW Zelda, BotW Guardian, TP Link, TP Zelda, TP Ganondorf, WW Link, WW Zelda, WW Ganondorf
* Animal Crossing: Isabelle, Tom Nook, KK Slider, Timmy+Tommy (as one picture), Reese, Mabel, Blathers, Celeste, Kapp'n, Lottie, Resetti, Rover
* Splatoon: Orange girl, Green girl, Blue boy, Purple boy (the amiibo designs), Callie, Marie, the orange girl covered in blue ink, orange squid, green squid
* Other: red pikmin, blue pikmin, yellow pikmin, Fox, Arwing, Star Fox logo, Samus, Zero Suit Samus (Other M), Screw Attack
* Mii: any single Mii with 14 selectable facial expressions and 21 pose options

Every icon (both Nintendo characters and Miis), lets you set any solid background color you want from a palette of probably about 60 colors.

Almost(?) all of the character pictures are existing stock renders, though I don't recognize a few like the OoT Link and 3D World style Yoshi/DK/Bowser. That particular TP Link picture is so old that I remember seeing it in avatars on Nintendo's old Nsider forums.
I haven't seen any explanation of the details yet, but to at least some extent yes you should be able do that. Some related areas of uncertainty so far (as far as I know) include:

* If you have two users with linked Nintendo Accounts on one console, can all digital games be played by both users or only by the user who owns each game? It could even be something in between like Sony's "Your Primary PS4" setting.
* Are there any restrictions related to multiple Switch consoles being online at the same time or playing local multiplayer with each other?
* In what situations do you have to re-enter your password?
* What do the Terms of Service actually allow?
* What's the worst that can happen if you do this with a friend who later decides to hate you with a burning passion?
To clarify, this means:

* If you lose your Switch, you can just sign into your Nintendo Account on a new one and regain access to your digital games without calling customer support or buying them all again (this is a step up from every other Nintendo system)
* One Nintendo Account can be linked to multiple Switch consoles and the purchases will be tied to the account rather than to the system
* Your eShop gift card balance will stay linked to your Nintendo Account and won't get lost if you switch Switch consoles
* The Switch eShop has the ability to "discontinue" certain games so that you can't redownload it again after you delete it, similar to what happened permanently with Konami's P.T. on PS4 or temporarily with Ironfall on 3DS (Nintendo delisted it until homebrew exploits were fixed).

This does NOT mean:

* Switch is magically able to play all the games you already own on 3DS and/or Wii U (don't expect this to ever happen)
* You will get the Switch port of any VC games for free if you already own them on Wii U
* Switch VC games will be available at a discount if you already own the Wii U version
* Switch will have Virtual Console at all (other than the monthly online classics)
* Nintendo allows third-parties to implement cross-buy between Switch and past Nintendo systems
* If your Switch has multiple users, you can play a digital game owned by another user on the system (I don't know whether this has been confirmed yet)
* Nintendo will arbitrarily and indefinitely delete all the games you love and paid for
This looks like the same art style as the silly warnings that appeared in some of Nintendo's Japanese hardware manuals since Wii.

They cover everything from "don't wrap the Wii's nunchuk cable around your neck" and "don't hit your friend in the face while using motion controls" to "don't microwave your DSi" and some simpler things related to airplanes, pacemakers, hot cars, liquids, AC outlet safety, etc.
The easiest way to get your fonts list seems to be with Flash plugins, so if you disable Flash it avoids that.

Otherwise, I believe WebGL lets websites determine unreliably if you have certain fonts installed in a way that's more like "Is this particular font installed?" rather than "What's the full list of fonts that are installed?". If you're really serious about mitigating that you can disable WebGL or run Firefox in some sort of sandbox or rootkit that hides the font files you don't want it to see. I don't know if there are any other ways to detect fonts.
Switch game carts can be 32GB according to leaks. BotW will be distributed on a 16GB cart because they're cheaper and it can fit.

Nintendo is really good about download sizes in general, like they actually care about compressing and encoding things appropriately. They could've fit more data but chose not to because of reasons that might include development schedules, costs/profits, or catering to digital buyers with limited storage.
I know you meant for this to seem ridiculous, but it's actually closer to the truth than you'd expect.

In many languages, the color green was traditionally considered a shade of blue, as was the case for Japanese until fairly recently (post-WW2) and even today "blue" means "green" in certain contexts. In a sense that means the first Pokémon games were Red-Blue-Bluer.

We also had Crystal version that was followed by Ruby and Sapphire which are subsets of that name.
Some details I haven't seen elsewhere yet:

* Each Joy-Con has 525mAh battery
* The HOME button has a built-in notification LED
* Joy-Con doesn't use wireless communication when attached to the console
* Games cannot directly interface with the USB ports, which I guess means there will have to be OS-level support for something like the Smash or Pokken controllers to work if at all.
* Game cards are limited to 32GB
* 4GB DDR4 RAM
* No mention of being able to use Pro Controller wired
* Which eShop you can access is determined by the current user's linked Nintendo Account and you can access multiple eShop regions by adding multiple users, similar to PSN. No word on whether local credit cards will work on foreign eShops.
* Although saves are stored on the console, both development and retail Switch consoles can write to game cards
I think maybe this means that users can manually copy save files to/from online storage, similar to something like copying between two GameCube memory cards, but it won't automatically sync in either direction.

I've seen at least one PS4/Vita game (Digimon) handle cross-save by essentially having three local save slots and a fourth cloud slot that is shared, while the game's save/load screen manages this itself rather than being part of the system UI or handled by PSN+.
It would be nice if they support Android Pay, Apple Pay, and NFC credit cards for eShop purchases in the west. I had hoped Wii U would get it when they announced NFC support.
Can you elaborate on this "proprietary format"?

For example, is it possible they just meant that the video output won't work unless the Switch is simultaneously connected to a power source? Or are they trying to lock out the possibility of third party docks?
Switch also has the Pro Controller and Joy-Con Charging Grip that both charge with Type-C and include an A-to-C cable. Still, none of Nintendo's official accessories include a C-to-C cable.
As far as proprietary ports go, TB3 is a pretty nice one because every TB3 port is also a USB Type-C port with USB3.1 Gen2, DisplayPort Alt Mode, and optionally USB-PD. TB3 helps encourage adoption of open standards despite not being one. Unlike TB2, most vendors are using it in high-end laptops rather than just mainly Apple.

The only problem with having it is that if you buy any accessories that require TB3 they won't work with non-TB3 Type-C devices thus leading to vendor lock-in with Intel, but TB3 accessories aren't worth the cost for most use-cases anyway.
Yeah, the USB spec specifically mentions Power Delivery with Type-A ports and over eMarked A-to-C cables.

But do any AC adapters actually exist on the market that offer Power Delivery on a Type-A port? I haven't seen any.

I don't know why, but maybe OEMs want to avoid confusion between worsening the existing Qualcomm/Apple compatibility mess on Type-A and being incompatible with phones that use 3A Type-C charging like Nexus. Maybe it's because A-to-C cables are otherwise useless to Type-C laptops and not many phones use USB-PD as the primary charging method yet (is Pixel the only one?). This might change soon thanks to QC4.0 and Nintendo Switch both using USB-PD.
For more general fingerprinting, NoScript won't perfectly save you. It's pretty easy to see when a client is loading all your pages but not executing your JavaScript, which is unusual and stands out. NoScript won't save you from HTTP level fingerprinting or anything done by the scripts you have to whitelist to make the site usable.
It's not just the user agent: even with a spoofed user agent, sites can pretty reliably figure out what OS you're really running on. The research paper referenced in the article discusses identifying GPU drivers (which necessarily vary by kernel) based on WebGL behavior. A simpler way to understand is the fonts list: if you have Liberation Sans or the Ubuntu font installed and you don't have Arial or Calibri, you're probably not using Windows.

That said, spoofed user agent goes a long way in helping since most sites won't do more thorough fingerprinting. It's also good enough to get around most awful sites that say "Please use a supported browser and OS to continue"
Right on the back of the Switch it says input is 15V 2.6A. Without any kind of fast charging, USB3 only gives at most 5V 0.9A, so there's absolutely no doubt that it uses fast charging. The bundled AC adapter is so huge that it's blatantly obvious at a glance that it offers more than 4.5W; it's actually 39W.

The only thing that isn't officially confirmed is what particular kind of fast charging Switch uses, but there's very little doubt that it uses USB-PD.

You might have been confused by a source saying that Switch does not use Qualcomm QuickCharge, which is only one particular kind of fast charging mechanism.
USB Power Delivery isn't quite the same as the 3A Type-C charging your 6P uses. It's possible to make a USB-A port that will fast charge USB-PD devices at full power over some A-to-C cables, but I doubt anything like that currently exists on the market so in practice you're still right.

With the old USB battery charging standard (USB-BC1.2), you can still get 5V/1.5A from certain USB-A chargers to a Type-C device. It's not ideal, but might just barely be enough to still charge the battery a tiny bit while playing. Without that, you'll get only 100-500mA from USB 2.0 Type-A ports.

Switch has USB 3.1 support in hardware which the dock uses for the rear port, but at launch it'll be disabled in the firmware and is planned for a future update.
There's most likely nothing special about how Switch communicates with the dock: it's just USB with Power Delivery and DisplayPort Alt Mode, just like existing laptops and probably not locked to the official dock in particular.

The USB Type-C port on the back of the dock can only be used for power input, no video or other data. Having power-only USB ports has been common long before Type-C existed.
The official Nintendo dock has HDMI as the only video output. Component is possible with future unannounced third party docks, otherwise you can buy HDMI converter boxes.

Audio uses HDMI too. There's a headphone jack on the system itself which might not be usable when docked. No optical.
"AUTHORISED STAFF ONLY" must be some sort of new port filter rule. It's probably easy to spoof.
& Nene

Featuring Sophia from the Fairies Story series
If the Switch is designed to use more power, you'd expect the official adapter to offer that. "Max tolerance" isn't a problem with compliant USB; you can use a 100W USB charger just fine with the Switch and it'll only draw at most 39W from it.
I think it was printed on the AC adapter; I think I saw a picture posted on this subreddit a while ago, but I didn't save it.

Edit: Not the AC adapter itself, but this Switch render clearly says the input is 15V/2.6A or 39W. I guess I was a little off: http://i.imgur.com/eIBbkdn.png

Also, IGN had pictures from the event that shows the size of the AC adapter, but not the specs: http://i.imgur.com/WwW02h4.jpg
If the Switch is turned off, you should be able to charge it with any USB port, but it might charge very slowly.

With the Apple iPhone/iPad chargers in particular, I think you'll only get 5V/0.5A on any non-Apple devices, which might not be able to even avoid battery drain while playing.

The MacBook 29W adapter seems to support 15V, which means it likely works fine for powering the Switch with up to 29W. That's probably more than enough to charge an undocked Switch just as fast as the official Nintendo AC adapter. I can't promise it'll work near those speeds until people test it after the system launches; this particular charger is [unusual in a few ways](https://plus.google.com/102612254593917101378/posts/9TCXXu3Y96c).
USB Type-C supports 100W at 20V/5A, but not with every cable. With USB C-to-C cables, the minimum you can expect every cable to support is 15W at 5V/3A. Only some cables are electronically marked, which is a requirement for using USB-PD for higher power levels and even then not all of those will support the full 100W.

With USB Type-A to USB Type-C cables, a Type-C device may draw up to 1.5A if both the device and AC adapter support USB BC, otherwise it's limited to 0.1-0.5A with USB 2.0 ports or 0.15-0.9A with USB3 ports.

Technically USB-PD can be used with some Type-A cables, but you'd have a very hard time finding a compatible AC adapter and even if you did I doubt it'd work with the cables included with these controllers because they're probably USB 2.0 and not electronically marked.

tldr: If you use these cables to connect your Switch to a PC or laptop USB port you'll only get at most 2.5W.
I would guess they're about 2m/6ft, since that's a common USB cable length and the same length as Wii U Pro's miniUSB cable and a fairly reasonable length for playing while charging from the dock.
The official AC adapter supports 5V-15V at up to ~~2.4A~~ 2.6A, so 39W. It's [kinda bulky](http://i.imgur.com/WwW02h4.jpg) and not as portable as a phone charger or the 3DS charger. The same adapter is included with the console as is sold separately ($30) or in the dock bundle.

Edit: 2.4A was wrong. Added a picture too.
It was already announced that both the Pro Controller and Joy-Con Charging Grip include a USB Type-A to USB Type-C cable. The purpose is that you can charge these controllers either with the dock's front USB ports or the console's AC adapter.

I would not recommend relying on this or any other equivalent cables with the Switch console. The console might consume more power than they provide, meaning your battery life would go down even when plugged in if you're playing an intensive game.
When docked, Switch uses more power to handle higher GPU clocks, to power the dock itself, and to power the dock's USB ports (2 USB 2.0 and 1 USB 3.0 would take 5V/1.9A total) but it doesn't power the display.

I doubt the difference is quite big enough to go from 39W to 12W, so you will probably charge slower undocked with a 5V adapter than you will docked with the 15V adapter. It might charge slower, but 5V/2.6A still might be adequate to charge at a decent enough speed. We won't know until at least review units are out. You still should avoid relying on USB chargers that provide less than 2.6A and avoid using USB A-to-C cables to charge the Switch itself (they're adequate for the controllers).

You can also get 15V from the 20V USB-PD Type-C power banks and chargers, which should include most of the existing ones for laptops.
I like that we get to see Lillie as a Pokémon Trainer - a side of her that the games didn't show. I'm still expecting that, later in this anime, we'll see Lillie obtain Cosmog which will lead to similar conflicts with Team Skull and [SM game](/s "Aether Foundation, which is already foreshadowed by Lusamine traumatizing Lillie.")

I believe Lillie is the first of Ash's companions to nickname her Pokémon. This Vulpix is "Shiron" in Japanese and the game's Cosmog is "Nebby" in English or "Hoshigumo-chan" in Japanese.
The USB spec requires that all chargers support 5V, but USB-PD allows the device to request higher voltages from chargers that support it.

If you use the Switch AC adapter with the dock, it'll provide 15V. If you use it with your Pro Controller or most phones then it'll only provide 5V.

Some devices (probably including Switch and QC4.0 phones) can charge slower at 5V than their preferred voltage, but others (most laptops) can't charge without the higher voltage.
It's not much of an esoteric language: just write machine code in octal, put it through a reverse octal dump, and either throw it in an executable or run it as shellcode. Use octal for the chmod flags too while you're at it.

Hex is easier to work with for code, but octal is usable too.
It's great for someone who's currently Flying
One that I've seen is the Attack on Titan school spin-off series.

There's a lot more shows that have small (or shrunken) characters in a full-size human world, which is pretty similar but not quite the same thing.
I loved the Wii U version of Yoshi's Woolly World; it's my favorite Wii U game and even my favorite Yoshi game. I was almost tempted to buy it again for 3DS, but your post helps convince me to avoid it.

Are there any new full levels like the ones Yoshi's Island got in the GBA port? That was another time Nintendo ported a Yoshi game to worse hardware with a much lower screen resolution while adding new features, but it sounds like this port is less worthwhile than that one was. If there are new full stages, that alone would be enough reason for me to get this port.

I really wish Nintendo would just release a definitive version of both YI and YWW. I'll still happily recommend this port to the people I know who don't have a Wii U since the original game is still great.
Sega supports several of its franchises, like Phantasy Star Online and Puyo Puyo.

...In Japan. At least we're getting Miku and Yakuza games here? And Puyo Tetris only took 3 years to translate.
It's really a shame that, ever since Chromecast, Google's completely neglecting other screen-mirroring options from their Android devices.

Around the time of Nexus 4 and Nexus 5, it seemed great: Google was an early adopter of both SlimPort for getting video-over-usb and Miracast for smooth wireless display mirroring. Now a lot of non-Google Android devices have these features but Google hasn't supported either since 2013. Even USB-C doesn't seem to be good enough reason for them to bring display mirroring back.
Not only is Persona 5 not pushing the PS4, it's already released on PS3 too. Both Wii U and Switch outperform the PS3.
A lot of monitors lack speakers and don't support HDMI audio, so you might need a separate adapter because PSTV doesn't have 3.5mm or any other audio output.

PSTV also requires HDCP support, which most monitors should have but some might not.

If your monitor supports both HDMI audio and HDCP, yes, you can just plug the PSTV in an unused HDMI port, switch video inputs, and start playing. It's the same hardware as a normal Vita and the output will be upscaled from 544p (which is Vita's native resolution).
If you buy game cartridges and you only care about retail Vita games, you really don't need a memory card at all. The Vita TV and Vita Slim each include 1GB internal memory which is plenty for save data and a decent amount of DLC.

In US, P4G is right now cheaper on Amazon than on PSN. Even if PSN gave it away for free, you'd spend less to just buy a physical copy now than to buy even a 4GB memory card. The game is 3.1GB.
[S;G0 chapter 1](/s "Kurisu's legacy plays a huge part, involving stuff she worked on before dying and some characters she knew in America meeting Okabe in Japan. It also shows events leading up to the WW3 world that Beta Suzuha traveled from.")
That has been the traditional way to insert quotes in plaintext communications for a very long time. Most Email still uses it today.

Abusing them for purposes unrelated to quoting (or paraphrasing) is a more recent trend.
The Nexus 5X and 6P have promised Android version updates until September 2017.

Android O will probably release after that, so there's no guarantee we'll get it, but there's precedence suggesting we'll *probably* still get it anyway.
Lava Pixel V2, which released in September 2015, uses MT6735 which has Cortex-A53 ARMv8 cores. There are 2016 devices with Snapdragon 617.

I just checked the AOSP sources and it looks like fugu branches are in the [kernel/x86_64](https://android.googlesource.com/kernel/x86_64/+/android-x86_64-fugu-3.10-nougat-mr1) repository, but the BoardConfig.mk file does indeed seem to use x86 for TARGET_ARCH and TARGET_CPU_ABI. fugu's device.mk file seems to have x86_64 for TARGET_KERNEL_ARCH, but I figure that's probably overridden elsewhere in the Android build system.

Do you maintain some Android fork?
I knew that Nexus Player had x86-64 hardware, but it's news to me that the Android software actually runs in 32-bit mode on it. Either way, Qualcomm driver blobs have nothing to do with the Nexus Player, which should make the task of continued updates simpler than the other Nexus devices.

It looks like the 32-bit Android One devices released around Summer 2015 are also nearing their promised end-of-life (18 months), but they might still have a little bit of support left
It looks like that's the last of Google's 32-bit devices. Do any other manufacturers have 32-bit devices that will ever get another Android version update? I wonder if AOSP is dropping support for ARMv7 soon.

Nexus Player was released at the same time, is still included in this update, and doesn't even have a successor yet. The Intel hardware probably helps it.

I hope my 5X actually gets Android O. Even that is outside the promised update schedule.
That's a little different than what OP describes. Almost all dpads allow for 8 directions including diagonals like that, which you get by pressing two adjacent directions like Up and Right.

Not many will let you press two opposite directions (like Up and Down) at the same time and some games can't even handle it. For example, [Kirby Super Star bugs out when you press Up and Down at the same time on a ladder, letting you finish the game in less than 30 seconds](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cfcLyggUmys). That won't ever happen with the dpad on a real SNES controller, but emulators allow it.
You should be able to find third-party USB-C docks that use a USB-C cable to plug in without needing to slide the console into anything. With those, you can leave a case on, but of course you should wait for compatibility reviews before buying one.

With the stock Nintendo dock, you can't leave any case on the system, but most screen protectors should be able to stay.
Capcom USA doesn't seem to like Android. Apollo Justice just got an Android (and iOS) port last month and I believe it's their first English Android game. They also released the recent awful Mega Man port to Android.

In terms of mobile releases, the AA Trilogy was on both iOS and Android in Japan, but iOS-only here. Dual Destinies (and Ghost Trick) are iOS-only everywhere.
Switch has a touchscreen, but games can't rely on it if they want to be playable when docked.

They already removed mic use from the mobile ports. In Apollo Justice for example, you remove excess fingerprint powder by swiping instead of blowing.
Dual-screens isn't really necessary for any Ace Attorney game. The first 5 numbered games already have mobile ports. AA6 and the spin-offs don't have any unique features that would make a single screen port any harder.

Replacing all touchscreen use in the series with buttons+sticks is doable too.

The Great Ace Attorney uses a stereoscope in one case, which gets a bit weird without 3D, but it's not a deal breaker and already works with 2DS.
"Memory" can mean flash memory or nonvolatile memory. It doesn't need to mean random-access memory.

People often like to use "storage" for HDD/SSD and "memory" for RAM when listing specs, but those aren't completely unambiguous terms.

I'll eat my shoe if Switch actually has 32GB of RAM at launch.
Yeah, you could use 8F for that, but unless you're at level 100 it's probably easier to just defeat weak wilds a few times until you get a good number.
8F is arbitrary code execution, so you can do basically anything to any Pokémon's data, like give it any moveset, but the results are unlikely to transfer.

The transferable attributes you might care about tweaking include shininess and OT, but not much else.
I'd sooner expect, at least for Gen1 transfers, that there's no level check on anything except Pokémon that evolved by level-up.

So, for example, my Blastoise is blocked because it's less than level 36, but Gengar is allowed at any level because its most recent evolution was by trade. Alakazam, Nidoking, Vileplume, etc should work too.

Similarly, it doesn't check for impossibly low-level unevolved Pokémon like a level 5 Lapras or for Farfetchd/Mime with an impossible OT, although at least those could be explained by the possibility of future Gen2 VC games.

They probably use different legitimacy checks for Gen1 and Gen5 transfers. For example, a Fissure Machamp is legal in Gen1 and a Fire Punch Haunter is legal in Gen5.
Odd that it took them this long. Some of us actually like to get the digital version of games like TPHD and the imports seem to cost about twice the typical US MSRP for a single Amiibo.
Like almost all fictional languages, there's no grammatical rules and it's just a cipher over an existing alphabet (Latin).

By guessing what real language and alphabet the text represents, you can figure out which letters are which glyphs. In this case, the text didn't have every letter, but the letters themselves had a pattern so the missing glyphs could be determined.
Yes, there were local Gen1 distributions last year in Japan and the UK. Nothing in the US. Like the original Gen1 events, they were basically distributed by just trading.

I believe PokéTransporter will only accept the specific Mew that was distributed in that event. Reproducing it is possible with glitches, but more complicated than just the Trainer-Fly trick.

There's another Mew event related to the VC releases: When you buy a copy of any Japanese Gen1 VC Pokémon game, you get a Mystery Gift code (in the eShop receipt) that's redeemable in any Japanese Gen6 game. The event is actually still active until February 28 2017. Despite being bundled with the VC games, this event isn't usable with them.
It's not as picky as you'd think. My level 7 Gengar transferred without problems, even though it blocks similarly low-level Blastoise and Dragonite.

Unfortunately, looks like Gengar doesn't get a hidden ability.
A couple games have had a proper standalone English release, but not for a long time now.

* Puyo Pop Neo Geo (Puyo Puyo Tsu) in 1999
* Puyo Pop GBA (Minna de Puyo Puyo) in 2002
* Puyo Pop Fever on GCN in 2004 and DS in 2005
* Puyo Puyo Tsu was included, untranslated, in Sega 3D Classics Collection
* Puyo-related content has appeared in Sonic Runners and Hatsune Miku Project Mirai DX
What kind of colorblindness? You might be able to distinguish between Puyo colors still. There are also alternative Puyo skins you can set which might help.

You can play exclusively Tetris in regular verses mode if you want and there's also a standard Marathon mode. You can't play the Story mode or most other modes without Puyo.

Story mode is needed to unlock some of the characters, but characters don't affect Tetris gameplay.
The Japanese PS3 version of this game is a 2.4GB download from PSN. I imagine our Switch release will be a similar size because of the screen resolution. Vita and 3DS versions are both less than one gigabyte.
Yes, Mean Bean Machine and Kirby Avalanche are both rebranded versions of Puyo Puyo.

Puyo Puyo isn't alone in being a Japanese puzzle game that Americans know better under another name. Panel de Pon is another one, which you might recognize as Pokémon Puzzle League or Tetris Attack.

Unlike Panel de Pon, Puyo has been consistently getting plenty of releases in Japan across all sorts of consoles, handhelds, phones, and arcades. Until now, the series hasn't appeared outside Japan in over a decade.