Just watched that the other day. DVR every episode. Still say the Duga was my favorite episode. 
I'm going to go out on a limb here and say the the Flame Grill Floor Trap is your towns favorite? 
"Road Repairs" Joke of the year - Michigan residents
Don't know who you are unknown hero, but you made my day. Finally it works and I am finally playing! I hope you get a raise!
You da Epic hero!
Number is 3504309
Ticket sent, just waiting on the email with the claim number.
I wish I could enjoy it. I've been stuck on the llama screen for two weeks. Haven't been able to play my founders edition at all. 
Join the club buddy. Epic won't answer you about it. Some people have waited months with no answer. The fix is, you need a llama, a llama which epic could easily give you to get past that glitch. Sucks bro, but we are still waiting for epic to fix it.
Happy Birthday ,Bud! 
But didn't WWII help get some countries out of the depression? i.e. GM and FORD building tanks for the military which ended up creating jobs.
For what ever reason there is no llama there so he has no way to get past that
Funny part is they have the Woodpecker in PUBG. Crazy story about that place. Highly recommend you read up on it.
Got it. Thank you.
Will check that out, thanks.
"Let's go to space" or "the rocket is waiting"
Title and picture had me thinking that corporate decided to have a "company retreat" in the air and forgot to take cell phones away.
Everything seems off. China ending term limits, Putin making his own rules, and Trump praising the elimination of the Chinese President terms. And the only thing in my head with all this going on is, "Will other countries except US refugees?"
My wife and I work EMS and our insurance was $90 a pay check for PPO each before we got married. After we got married our HR department told us it was against the law to not be on a family plan when you're married to another employee. So now one of us has to pay $200 a pay check for this family plan. That wouldn't be so bad but that $200 a pay check is for HMO. If we wanted to keep our PPO, it would have been way more. So now our choices of doctors suck huge, and medications are crazy expensive. Shingles medication is $200 now. That's full freaking price! Health insurance is a huge scam. Half the patients I see on the road just live off the system and get better medical insurance from the state than I get from my employer. I honestly don't get this anymore.
I concur
$250 here
As a Veteran I took an oath to support and defend the Constitution. The same Constitution that says we all have a right to a peaceful Assembly aka protest. Their not doing anything wrong. They're men who saw something wrong with the system and decided to protest against it. Its time veterans had their "6".
Not much. Cop didn't clear the intersection properly.
"I know we have to hurry before we all die, but I think I should put this on Snapchat so people know where to find me."

Well, when you put it that way, I admit, I was in the wrong. If that admin sees this, sorry about that.
Nope.
Thanks. Glad you posted this!
Correct...   Comrade. 


Good to know. Thanks for the info, friend.
I enjoy the Call of Duty franchise, but he does have good points. I do feel like they dropped the ball with their online gameplay.
So I take it this will probably be his gift to you next year as I'm guessing this is the highest post? 

The gift that keeps on giving.
That sucks
If those damn stones never would have been in play in the nine realms, this would have never happened. 
Felt so rested. I can’t understand why the VA wouldn’t support this. 
Was Honorably Discharged in 2013 for severe PTSD after 10 years in. I was always against marijuana as a medicine as I thought it was just a way for people to get away with doing drugs. For the last few years a lot of my friends have been trying to talk me into it. They’ll tell me how so much research has been done and how it would help my anxiety. Well I recently have been out of work due to my PTSD being so bad that I ended up freaking out which in turn caused me to have a seizure (fun fact: Anxiety, depression, stress ,etc can cause your brain to short aka seizure). The VA hasn’t cleared me to go back to work yet, but they were quick about upping my meds and adding new ones. That was my breaking point...I was tired of feeling hopeless, anxious, depressed, and I really hate the night terrors. Finally told my wife I wanted to give it a shot. Friend came over with his bowl and it was like all the symptoms of the PTSD fell off. My fave hurts from laughing so much. So we decided to go to the local MMJ clinic and get setup. I’m a firm believer now that it really works. I’ll update in the morning and let you know how my sleep was. Again, thanks y’all, it’s feels good to feel normal again. 
Thank you!
That’s what I’m looking for, I want to come off some of these meds. I’m glad it’s helped with you. 
Thought it was just me
Mine is showing like this with iOS 11.0.3

(https://i.imgur.com/s9CTCtV.jpg)


Damnit. Let this be a PSA for drinking and reading reddit. 
If that got 3rd, what the hell did 1st and 2nd look like?! Great job OP! Looks great!
This is what I’m talking about. That’s what people want, a person that acts like they care about their wireless issues. Props to you!
That’s what I like. If something doesn’t add up, they take the time to listen and find a way to fix it at the source. 
That’s a sick band. Where did you get it?
Ah, thank you for clearing that up for me. 
What is this Vape Mail everyone talks about?
Thank you!
I was told to try the blueberry and mix it with a little bit of the Apple Jam Monster. Supposedly it’s amazing mixed. 
Haven’t tried that yet, definitely enjoying the strawberry!
I was at Detroit Airport heading back to Fort Bragg and saw Barry Sanders next to me. I pulled out my ticket and asked if I could have his autograph (grew up watching him), he straight up looked at me and told me “get that shit out of here I don’t do that anymore”. Scared me from ever wanting to meet a celebrity. Fast forward 4 years and I see Tracy Morgan at the same airport. With the Barry Sanders incident in my head I just walk up to him (he has Beats on his head listing to music) and he pulls his Beats off and without saying a word, I fist bump him as I didn’t want to get shot down again if I asked for an autograph.
Hopefully, just know it’s everyone, not just you so that means they’ll have to address it at some point. 
I also am having the same issue. 

Saw this and it kind of helped as it laid out some of the ways it works. 

[Apple Watch Series 3 LTE](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.cnet.com/google-amp/news/apple-watch-series-3-texts-not-working-heres-whats-going-on/) 
Condoms...
Don’t kick me when you’re sleeping. 
Nope, mine is from Apple  
That's great! Thanks for the info!
I'm assuming it is. I have the Google pixel.
He listened to it for 3 minutes? He’s sleeping on the couch which means he’s probably not getting any. Dude was wanking also, don’t let him fool you!
People pushing their personal beliefs into other people (politics, vaccinations, race, and so on). It started turning into drama instead of connecting with people like it was meant to. That’s when I realized it was time to deactivate it. 
Good catch
Dressing up like some Snooki wanna be and the damn duck lips every time a camera comes near. 
I find this so much better than Tech blogs that write in so much "fluffy". This is straight to the point and makes so much sense. Thanks!
Good find, thanks!
That's funny to think that one cent can make our minds feel that we are getting a good deal.
This isn't funny. A dog farting is funny. This is sad.
Leggings on people that obviously don't need to wear them. Then again it's like watching a lava lamp.
Am I the only one wondering what is up with the flip flops?
Roger that, thanks Brother/Sister. 
I'm a Veteran who was diagnosed with PTSD after Iraq. Your post literally is what I needed. I can't get into the VA to talk to someone due to the wait times. Thanks for this post, it's what I needed today. 
How hard was it to start over once you were let go?
I can report that she was full of shit.
Yep and it now states that the watch is at a low battery level. Guess 68% is the new low level. 
Exactly. We asked to send it in, and we get told this. I think a trip to the Apple store might have to happen to get it sent out. 
I work EMS in Flint. I would go into houses were cases of water were piled inside the doors from the water stations. I started to notice that some people would still drink the water from the tap and when I asked one person, their response was "because if I get sick, I'll get money". Don't get me wrong, a lot of people have stayed away from the tap, but there is always going to be that one person who wants to use the system to make money in some lawsuit. 
[just found this YouTube video of this guy doing a review of this show after he got to preview it. ](https://youtu.be/LSoLxk8kxaU) 
I voted and never felt so nervous. 
I voted and can only hope we don't screw up. 
Well she's opening a store and online store. Really she's more concerned about someone making her idea of what she wants real. Due to the look she wants and being able to take it to a sign maker, I figure this is the place for the advice. 
You're going to have to go all the way with this story and just explain that you are indeed Korean, but since you have escaped from North Korea you are scare that North Korean sympathizes will take you back, so you have to lie about your ethnicity. 
Thanks, I'm sure at some point I'll be reaching out for advice on good food ideas.
Great advice! Not looking to lose weight as I have managed to keep my weight under control. Just looking to start eating healthier so I don't feel like crap from the unhealthy stuff I've been putting in my body. I do stay very active from my work, but I know it's going to take changes to get things going. I figured this is a good place to start. 
Thanks for the advice everyone. I find that it's refreshing to know that a few of you are also new to this.
So here is what I've learned in my first year as a EMT-B. I live in a stated where you have to be NREMT certified to be state licensed. Try to get your NREMT after you take the EMT course. Having your NREMT is huge when trying to move to a different state. As a EMT-B depending what type of area you live in, you might find yourself doing A LOT of dialysis transfers and medical appointment transfers. The company I work for does both 911 calls and dialysis transfers. Ive had calls from GSW's, full arrest, overdose, stabbings, MVA's, and so on. Be ready to not like your fellow CNA's or even MA's. Ive been at nursing homes and have had MA's, and CNA's 1. tell me that their licensure is higher then mine (its not), and 2. and I'm not kidding, try to tell me that a MA and CNA is that same as a LPN and or RN. Just remember, you're trained in emergency medicine and they called 911, you are 911. ignore everyone trying to tell you what to do (unless its your partner or someone with a higher licensure that is taking over care) and trust your gut and muscle memory. You'll enjoy this field, its rewarding.