They just keep making them so much better. Oh well. I'm probably not far off from my next mustang anyway... my lease *is* only 36 months.
Oh so it's one of the old nasty ladies. Sometimes they're the worst.
"I ate more fettuccine alfredo and drank less water than I have in my entire life."
No
I don't know if you're being sarcastic, but he was replying to [/u/i\_just\_have\_no\_idea](https://www.reddit.com/user/i_just_have_no_idea) in case it was actually unclear.
So excited for my 18 EB coming in a week. Are you also sorta pissed that they're adding the active exhaust to the 2019 model and we just missed it?
No way this would fly on a lease, right? 
I just still want the ability to open it up without getting insane attention
25% louder can be pretty loud, I’m really not looking for something over the top. Just can’t stand stock exhaust, totally takes away from the “gurgle” that the 2.3 makes. Ever since I heard that gurgle in the Mazdaspeed3 I fell in love. Gotta open up those pipes a little.
Definitely with you on the price, most cat back systems are in the $1000 range, the MBRP street can be bought for less than $700. I'm just about sold on this.
How’s the volume and sound? 
100&#37; with this guy. I'd really like to know how common this is too because it seems like so many guys are willing to jump right into it that girls just expect you to be down for it. I'm not.
You're right, it is like calling a guy missing a pinky finger a cripple. That's the joke.
"She burns facts and then she uses that ash to create a perfect smoky eye. Maybe she's born with it, maybe it's lies."  

It's a slight in the form of a "funny" compliment, no doubt. Interpret that as you will, but it isn't just a compliment.
I've seen the post but I don't recall anything about her being autistic

Edit: [Here's the comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1y6lhe/what_is_the_worst_thing_someone_has_said_to_you/cfhtedq/), no mention of autism
Every response said the same exact thing
Wait *where?*
I thought you were just adding more information to what I already said.
That would make sense since they are within the critical period.
Now that you mention this I think I should clarify my comment, since "speech" isn't necessarily the right word.
Communicating words of a language is completely different from being able to understand grammar and form sentences. Feral children who were not exposed to language and grammar at a young age sometimes have the potential to learn words but are unable to understand grammar and form proper sentences. [This documentary](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VjZolHCrC8E) of Genie Wiley is an example. 
>copious quantities of blood led me to discover that I am well endowed

That's... not... wow.
If the race of the speaker is the determinant in whether or not you find speech offensive, that makes you the racist. Making a scene like a toddler and throwing desks around as soon as you hear a word is nothing short of mental instability.
Idk who's putting piss in your pizza but normal pizza doesn't have any clear yellow liquids
There's a *lot* more than just that one instance where feral children don't speak at all. The part of their brain responsible for ~~speech and communication~~ communicating anything more complex than just words \(e.g grammar and sentence formation\) literally shrinks and becomes unusable after the first several years of childhood if not stimulated.

Edit: Clarification.
That would just make me jittery for the first 3 hours of my day and then just tired. 
If the proximity sensor is blocked by something, it assumes the phone is in a pocket and the tap was accidental. For instance, I’ve had my phone on my desk with paper covering the top and 100% of the time it will ignore my taps.
God, yes. I've realized the proximity sensor can't be blocked by anything, but even still it usually takes 2-3 taps to get it to wake up. Frustrating.
Actual shower thought
I have a friend notorious for doing shit like this. Goes to start recording, and then...  

"Wait... 'recording saved?'"
This is normal for an analog clock connected to a universal system. It's just adjusting the time. This happened in my high school for DST and such. An analog clock can't instantly move its hands the way a digital clock can move some bytes around.
RealTek really just sucks.  I can't install any of their drivers on my system since I got a new motherboard and hard drive so I have to use a USB sound card. No  version will ever install.
Properly seasoned sweet potato fries are to die for.
Fuckin' magnets
I'm thinking about the MBRP Street for mine. Seems less like a cop magnet.
I'm pretty sure it would read slower since the tire has to rotate less to cover the same distance.
That's just lazy chicken parmesan.
Hah, nope.
Fuck your mom, my weed came here legally.
We need more to this story, /u/gothiclg
That's visionary material. Sounds like it may have come from experience. Maybe there's a story there.
My dad and I both do this and it drives my mother crazy. Wish I had an explanation, sometimes you just don't need the last tiny bit of something.
So detailed... amazing work
How does one play this??
The flair is just a great reminder that you can never be too sure about tumblr.
Like /u/TXscales said, if you're under 25 it doesn't matter, it's going to be a rip off. A lot of Mustang buyers are young, so this applies in many cases. The quote for my Ecoboost was over $300/mo, a GT would've probably broke $400. I got a quote for an STI once and it was over $400. No tickets nor accidents, just under 25.
I was an Android dev for years, this is 100&#37; against Google Play terms and they should definitely have their access suspended for this because they would do it to anyone else.
If you can't I'll buy it off you if it's the Magnetic color
Not the spikey death balls...
The insurance sure as shit is when you compare it to something like a fusion.
**FOCK.**
If she instinctively blinked would it have pinned her eyelid to her eyeball? 
TIL having an individual non\-extremist thought = cringe
I was about to say I would think a bouncer is the last person to give a shit about offending people, on the job at least.
You've all heard this before but I only recently realized how important it is \- **if you feel a lump, get that shit checked out by a doctor ASAP**.
Obviously over correction isn't smart either but it doesn't mean giving your car 100&#37; throttle while you're already in a slide is always going to always save your life. It might, but it's certainly far from a guarantee, there's just way too many variables to keep track of. I just don't want some dude heading your advice and thinking "well as long as I just mash the gas it doesn't matter, I'll be fine" and ending up killing themselves. You and I both know how dangerous AWD drifting can be, to understate it is foolish.  

I know a thing or two about technique also, man. Nothing teaches you how to save yourself from a slide better than drifting IMO, it's pretty much the entire idea. I'm sure you've had some sideways fun in your RA from time to time so you get it. Sometimes you can mash the gas and power it out with the wheel in the right direction and be totally fine, but sometimes physics won't be on your side like that.
We’re talking about AWD sliding here. Are you really going to interrupt a discussion about how to recover from a slide and save yourself from potentially serious injury because it’s not cool?  
  
We all understand the thrill of driving aggressively. That’s why we want to do it safely.
Ultimately it comes down to which wheels are slipping, but mashing the gas is not usually a great idea.
If you're in a rear biased car \(like an STi with the center diff settings\) and you apply more throttle as you oversteer you'd better be really careful where that wheel is pointed or you could end up 10x worse than OP's picture. I would never say to mash the gas in a low traction situation, a moderate application to ease it out of the slide is probably safer for the majority of drivers who haven't had a lot \(or any\) practice coming out of slides. 
Pick them up to increase your Mana.
Who the hell is that next to my mans Bob the Builder?
I call it the reset button. I think about it a lot too. Just resetting yourself in a new environment with new people and new goals. 
The thing about these games is they are good for showing people the fundamentals of coding, but they don't necessarily *teach* anything from what I've seen, although this one could be different of course. Having played some of these "learn to code" games in the past I find you can easily get much more information and knowledge from an hour of learning traditionally with books or videos than an hour of than these games. 
All we learned in Home Ec was how to do laundry which 0 of us remembered after that year, how to cook basic ass meals, and then we sewed a pillow using ancient sewing machines.  
  
The only life skill that came out of that class was learning not to fuck around with sewing machines after I almost sewed through another students arm.  
  
Edit: Forgot the time we had to split into groups and each do a skit type thing about babysitting. Teacher gave us a doll to represent a baby and one group gave the doll a "joint" made of inside-out candy wrappers as a way to demonstrate what not to do. In 7th grade. So I guess that's two life skills.
This is why you buy a car you're comfortable sitting in for a while. No chairs where I work either.
What if you're an indie game developer
The guy that bailed last second was prepared
That sounds really appetizing actually... I might have to try it. Thanks for the suggestion!  
  
Also, frozen pizza is gonna be hard for me to kick too. 
Awesome, thanks for all the useful info. I’m excited to finally start cooking real meals for myself. No more hot pockets for me.
Thanks, that’s some good info. For me it isn’t about weight as much as it is just eating healthier and better quality foods. I’m actually trying to gain a little weight, but it should happen naturally due to medical reasons. I’m really just trying to find ways to make quick and healthy meals that aren’t frozen or canned, without worrying about weight for now. 
He said affordable.
Wow, didn't know that. Do you know of any free ones? Not trying to be a choosing beggar, but free is pretty neat.
Idiot, where was the car supposed to go. Through you?
I love the G series, especially the coupes. I was strongly considering them when searching for a new car, but a lot of complaints about the engine eating oil and overall reliability / cost of repair sort of turned me away a bit.
Absolutely. No two of the cars I mentioned have an identical feel to them, and that's what makes cars great. They just all fit the RWD sports coupe category.
Mustang, Camaro, Challenger, MX-5, Genesis coupe until recently, 350z if you'll buy used, in which case the G35 is a great value, as is the G37. Plenty good options.
I already rarely eat sweets and soda and fast food, my problem is I eat a lot of canned or frozen foods when I just want something quick. I would change that if I knew anything at all about cooking for myself, which I really don't. I know how to boil water for ramen and fry an egg and that's about the hardest thing I cook for myself so I feel like a cook book would just overwhelm me. I hope someone publishes beginner cook books.
Any general tips to get started doing this?
Society is the people, being part of society you're saying I'm part of the problem. It was satirical but you got my point. Our government, like many, has more of an influence over the people than the people have over themselves, that's why I refuse to blame society for issues like this one.
Brings up a wholesome point at least. If you haven't been disciplined by hard work and taught the difficulty of earning money you're much more likely to freely spend it.
TIL it's my fault if someone breaks into my home and murders my family  
  
I'm not saying every criminal should be put to death or even that the US prison system is perfect, because it's about the opposite, but I'm not exactly up for blaming society for the problems created by specific individuals or our government. 
I'm only against the death penalty because of the rate of false incarcerations, but if there is stone cold proof then why not. I don't see what's wrong with putting monsters to death.
Is that why you're /u/DeathDevilize
Natural eJuice? Do you mean just flavorless? It would be just a mixed base of PG/VG and the nicotine.
Recently diagnosed with a tumor that sent my weight shooting down very quickly, can confirm that no one will even mention your weight ever again if you tell them. They might not apologize for the constant mocking they did before you knew about the tumor, though.  
  
Stay strong and best of luck.
I can tell you that a *lot* more than 0.09% abuse their food stamps, it just isn't called "fraud". I've watched it first hand an uncountable amount of times.
Mercedes Benz will have the engineer sign a plaque on the engine on a lot of their high-end models.
What a convenient year to be diagnosed with a tumor.
I don't recall a time when was he *not* singing or performing in some way...
This was my dream car when I was younger. Hyper blue STI (big wing necessary) and my username on the plate. Oddly specific.
It was only our third date and he proposed at a Diwali celebration that he told me was a costume party.
Could it be porta potty deodorizer?
How long has it been tuned?
Cool?
They don't even know
I think the internet has made our generation value information more.
I think he was dropped on his face as a baby. At least it would explain his fucked up teeth.
Can we have just *one* fucking website that doesn't turn into this bullshit? 
The way he just kept that glare on Zuck when he was laughing off his question... damn.
The YouTube HQ shooter was a member of PETA, it's clearly a terrorist organization.  
  
/s
Yes that would totally kill him. The whole point was to get validation for his wang, a bigger wang would just take his little bit of confidence left. Which he deserves of course.
What do you expect, it's Samsung.
I did some long ass online course that helped my rates but holy shit did that take a long time.
> My record is clean and all, but I'm going, so I'm still "at risk."  
  
Guessing you meant "young" in which case I'm 100% in your position too. No tickets, accidents, never even been pulled over, totally clean driving record. But then they see my age and the sirens start blaring at the insurance agency.
Yeah, I have a lot of friends who do that and get off paying next to nothing. My parents wouldn't let that happen in the case anything happened. I don't blame them, I'm not gonna open the opportunity for them to be screwed over.
Just replied to the other reply to my comment about insurance rates, they're a serious killer for young people. Some of my friends get away with $80 a month, $150 a month, I'm over here about to pay $317 a month for my coverage.
I get you man, my insurance has always been in the same range as yours and it's about to take a $100 hike since I'm getting a new car soon. You're lucky in the sense that you got a free car but nothing about $250 insurance is lucky, that's financial rape on a young person, I can vouch for you there my friend. Good on you for doing maintenance yourself, I do the same for small things like oil changes and brake pads.  
  
Let's toast to the day our rates go down, shall we?
I was attending college at 17. My parents both worked full time. I needed to own a car.  
  
What part of working from age 14 (really about 11 but was too young for NY working papers so it was "volunteering") saving almost every dollar to spend it all on a car, a necessity, at 17 is "spoiled" to you? If you wanted a car at 17 you should've got off your ass and worked for it the way I did. And if that's "spoiled" then be right back, I have to go ~~work a late shift~~ get spoiled.
From my perspective, the cost of owning a car. When all my friends and I were turning 17 and getting cars, it became really easy to tell which of them are spoiled little shits.  
  
There are the few who have never even *applied* for a job in their lives getting a brand new car right off the bat paid by their parents. They're not happy because they wanted a nicer car.  
  
There are the few who pay the only $500 they have in the bank upfront, and their parents handle the rest. They're not happy because their parents won't help out more.  
  
There are the few bought their own car and whose parents pay insurance and maintenance, but they have to pay their own gas. They're generally okay but still don't understand the full cost of owning a vehicle.  
  
Then there are people like me who have worked since 14 to be able to *buy* a vehicle in full upfront at 17 because I was told I'm responsible for myself. I pay for all gas, all insurance, and all maintenance, ever. I'm only unhappy when people constantly ask me to drive who don't have the responsibilities I do. If you don't have to use $5 in gas to hang out, **you** fucking drive. No, I'm not going to "whip this turn" because when I fry my transmission, **I** have to pay for it.  
  
I'm happy that at least my parents didn't raise a spoiled little shit. Although getting my dream car at 17 would've been nice, too. 
So these are the different cultures I'm supposed to accept as normal because it's offensive not to.
"Force yourself to get good" is probably the least motivating thing you can say.  
  
If I knew how to be a good public speaker, I'd be a good public speaker.
That interior looks so similar to my Dad's old '55 Bel Air but I can't tell if it's the same car
"It has vitamins so it must be healthy"  
  
Yeah those people deserve to be fat.
> convenient wank

*Feel that*
His URL still ends with /sxephil which I find funny. 
Instagram's discover (or explore, whatever the hell it's called) tab is a toxic mess. Videos you laughed at four years ago still being reposted with 400 comments, all of which are just tags. Political bullshit which is 90% of the time so arbitrary and clearly uninformed. Pictures that just beg for likes. It's seriously not what you want young people getting addicted to.  
  
I could tell I was getting too addicted to it so I decided that every time I have the urge to mindlessly scroll through feed images, I instead spend that time reading online news. Instead of dumbing myself down, I'm using that time to learn something. It feels good to not be an addict to the Instagram feed.
As an iOS dev this has been annoying me as well. I constantly see these ads pop up in my apps and I have no control over it. A decent amount of my users are young and this isn't really all ages appropriate.
Well, I don't know about dogs but I've never vomited for more than 20-30 minutes from weed. As opposed to something like alcohol where you can be puking your guts out for hours.
Puking will eventually get rid of nausea though. 
Just need some deep, thin pockets, my friend.
See, you're completely changing his words to fit a rape story that never happened. Repeat: **those are not his words and that is not his story.** You *literally* changed it to make him look like a rapist and that's about the lowest point of human worth I can imagine. You're a toxic human being. I'm done talking with you.
>> The two girls were not friends  
  
Were you there? Because OP certainly didn't say that.  
  
>> He felt up a drunk girl who was asking for his help.  
  
And leaning into him, cuddling him, and basically mimicking his advances.  
  
>> stuck his dick in her mouth  
  
Sounds like she did the sticking of the dick in her own mouth actually. Does that make her a rapist?  
  
>> Ever heard of Brock Turner? This is one step away from that.  
  
Comparing this to Brock Turner is really showing how shallow you are, to belittle the victim of that case by comparing it to this. You are disgusting.  
  
>> The fact that I'm one if very few people here who recognize sexual assault only indicates how prevalent rape culture is.  
  
Everyone is crazy except you, right? Yeah, okay. We don't have a rape culture. Rapists are prosecuted and sent to jail. Oh, wait... unless they're women. Men can be expelled from their university for rape *accusations* without evidence. Boys as young as twelve are told they should be happy when they are molested. Women are given slaps on the wrist for molesting boys. Female on male rape isn't even legally recognized in many countries including the United States's Department of Justice definition of rape until 2012. Men are routinely raped in prison in higher numbers than females are raped anywhere in the United States. Boys are raped by female guards in juvenile detention centers. No one gives a shit. If we do have a rape culture, it clearly isn't men who are benefitting.  
  
I'm guessing you're too young to understand sex or hooking up. Look, you're gonna grow up and fuck a lot of drunk people. If it's consensual, it's okay. It doesn't make you a rapist. Also, a lot of people are gonna fuck you when you're drunk. If it's consensual, it's okay. Doesn't make you a rape victim. This is reality. People like to fuck and they do it all the time. In this case, two people consented to not even having sex but just hand stuff and you're demonizing it. Leave it the hell alone because you're making a problem where there is none. 
He'll be in jail in 10 years.
> his female friend says not to do anything because the other girl is too drunk  
  
We don't know that at all. My girl friends tell me not to fuck their friends all the time. Girls just don't want their guy friends fucking their friends.  
  
I still have yet to see where he took advantage of anything. So what he approached her? Not to mention after she was already showing interest in him by leaning close to him when they were talking. Now approaching a girl who is showing interest in you is taking advantage? No, it's not.  
  
Realize you're the only one in this thread who thinks it's assault and maybe rethink what you're saying. 
How is this specific to women
>> I sit up against the wall put my [arm] around the drunk girl and we talk for a bit. She also cuddles with me a little. I eventually asked her if she wanted to go upstairs, she said yes. We up stairs find an empty room. I ask to kiss her (remember it's my first time, I have no idea what im doing) and she says yes.  

Show me where there's taking advantage.
Interesting. I’m sure this is safe obviously but at first thought you’d think refueling a plane mid flight would be more dangerous than refueling a running vehicle. 
> Being too drunk to consent is assault

Sorry but you have to be way past being drunk to enjoy being "sexually assaulted" so much you go back for seconds and also ask the guy for a ride home.  
  
Look, if this guy wanted to he could've done unspeakable things. He had every opportunity in the world. But he didn't. In fact, she seemed to be way more into the idea of being sexual than he was at every point.  
  
If you can't drink responsibly then simply don't drink. How is it fair to make this guy have to gauge how drunk she is on a scale in order to know if it's past the point of being able to give consent? You can be drunk and still be 100% aware of what's going on and able to understand giving consent. Then, of course, you can be past that stage. So your idea is to make him guess her level of drunk. Sorry that just sounds so stupid and is so counterproductive. She could have easily been aware of what was going on and most people seem to be agreeing with me that she was.
But leaving my engine running at the gas station is so dangerous I'd be fined
Nothing here is explicitly assault, actually. Every time she approached him first and she was comfortable to ask him for a ride. She hasn't called the police nor contacted OP, we have literally no reason to believe this is an assault. Maybe instead of lecturing, show us a lick of evidence that this is assault. And no, just her being drunk is not evidence of assault.
Yeah I mean I was covering all bases, she probably didn't recall specifics (who does after nights like that) but she's probably well aware of the gist of what happened and since she hasn't called the police or contacted OP, we have literally no reason to believe this is an assault.
> How can that be construed as her pursuing him?  
  
She approached him  
  
She approached him again  
  
She asked him for a ride home after engaging with him  
  
That's how.  
  
Edit: Forgot to mention that *she* was the only one making sexual advances. That's straight up bs, that isn't what he said.
You should see how often I and others are called nazi's on social media because we're white and don't share someone's opinion.
Not at all, how would it? If he came onto her straight from the beginning and she didn't go with it, then things would be very different but she pursued him, persistently if I may add. Her lack of memory wouldn't make him guilty of assault.
This is a loaded story. From what I can observe, it doesn't look like you objectively did anything wrong. She came onto you, everything was consensual between you and her, and she never expressed that she felt assaulted to you or authorities afterward. She felt comfortable enough around you to ask for a ride home. If you want my honesty, since she was drunk I'd bet she doesn't remember most of what happened and just brushed it off. I don't see a reason for her to see what you did as "assault."  
  
I wouldn't let this eat you up. I believe you have a good conscience. There are people who would have taken advantage of such a situation but I don't think anything you did was out of line.  
  
If you find you're still unhappy with yourself, remember you were 16 and 16 year old's do things they won't be proud of all the time. If you had done something wrong I wouldn't say this, but I really don't think you did.
If most people weren't incapable of actually being neutral this wouldn't be such a crazy idea.
So relieved to see I’m not the only one.  
  
So pissed to see Ubisoft has a big problem which, if history repeats, won’t be fixed for a long time.
^^^^^^^^
PUBG doesn’t run like garbage at all. It’s not the most optimized game ever but if it runs like garbage you need a better machine. I get 60-80 FPS constantly on max settings (i7 6700, 12GB DDR4, GTX1060.) Of course there’s stutters occasionally but it’s never anything close to “game breaking.” Maybe you could fill me in on these game breaking bugs I’m not aware of.
That isn’t specific to either OS
Multi window is great but I’m never doing four things on one device at once. I’m rarely ever doing more than one thing at once. It’s not what I (and most people I know) use a phone for, I’d use a computer or tablet with enough screen to accommodate multitasking.
Epic Games Knows About the Fortnite Shotgun Damage Bug and is Addressing It. I know because I just read this article titled, ["Epic Games Knows About the Fortnite Shotgun Damage Bug and is Addressing It"](https://www.bleedingcool.com/2018/04/04/epic-games-knows-about-the-fortnite-shotgun-damage-bug-and-is-addressing-it/)  
  
And would you look at that, it happened [right here on Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/FortNiteBR/comments/89do6o/for_those_doubting_that_the_shotguns_are_bugged/dwr4hn2/). I knew I saw Epic recognize the bug somewhere.  
  
Seriously, take 4 seconds to do a Google search next time.
I’m fairly certain Epic Games recognized it as a bug...
Exactly, my point is not every website asking for your last 4 of SSN is illegitimate. Google needs it for Adsense and Admob.
I guess PayPal and Google are illegitimate websites now.
If you can't dial 911 I don't see how an app is going to do you much good. What you need is a weapon.
Knowing I would never be in a situation remotely close to that is probably what pushed me away from Android.
Keep in mind it's pretty easy to keep a game "optimized" when the graphics look like clay. Also, isn't there currently a bug in fortnite where point blank shotgun headshots do minimal damage?
It's mostly gone now. Every online retailer I use automatically recognizes the card.
From [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toilet_paper): Gayetty's Medicated Paper was sold in packages of flat sheets, watermarked with the inventor's name. Original advertisements for the product used the tagline "The greatest necessity of the age! Gayetty's medicated paper for the water-closet."  
  
They called bathrooms "water-closets".
The sad part is that they could have made an icon without the badge for the Play Store but they were too lazy.
*Hawt.*
I don't really see the benefit. Pods are already easily refillable, but if you refill more than a couple times the wick quality won't be the same quality. You're going to have to replace the atomizer and wick every so often if you really want this to work and that's an excessive amount of effort.
It unfortunately isn't as rare as the title suggests
If he had so many priors why was he out on the streets
It’s a joke
I shouldn't have underestimated the delusion.
Hopefully my opinion isn't too unpopular, but Project Cars has been my favorite since I got it many years ago. It has great physics and graphics better than any sim I've played, plus it taught me so much about cars just from playing it.
Using the Photoshop patch tool for the first time
With respect, being someone who has suffered from depression for several years, I don't know if use of medications alone is always the best way to fight depression. I can't talk for anxiety since I've only experienced mild forms of anxiety, but there are definitely things other than medication that can help knock out depression. Maybe that's not what this person is implying, I don't know. I'm not saying you shouldn't use prescriptions to help if your doctor sees fit, but if that's *all* you do I don't think you're gonna see great results. Honestly it's different for everyone, everyone's mind operates uniquely. But expecting pills to be the cure is a dangerous assumption.
"Racism is prejudice with power"  
  
Except it's not. You don't need power to be ignorant. That's absurd.
What if it's raining and not worth it
I think your URL is supposed to be 'mozilla.org' not 'mozillafirefox.org'
Sometimes I really have little faith in some parts of our government. Immigration seems to be one of the few things we just can't sort out.
You can definitely tell unless you run your PC at lowest settings.
That's... such a Microsoft thing.
Respect for doing the functional mods first. Most of the time you see the wheels first, a cosmetic wing, even a fake hood scoop and then after all that maybe an intake at best. It's what's on the inside that counts!
Depends completely on your preference. Some people love the mods, others just want something discrete. Although, if the juice is 100% PG based then I wouldn't recommend a high power device, the PG would be harsh on the throat. In that case, an eGo style device is best.
Wow. Did they seriously expect the supreme court to let that slide? I'm all for secure borders but at least do it sensibly.
Sigh. Please tell me this is a new feature and has not existed the entire time I've been playing this game while developing my own jenky ways of flattening terrain.
The Microsoft Store f*cking sucks. The way it works is just wonky as all hell and never seems to make life easy. Like /u/PipeItToDevNull mentioned Forza, I literally just yesterday got my Forza Horizon 3 working again after nearly a full year of not launching. The problem? Windows left some files on my hard drive after uninstalling the game at one point, so when I went to reinstall it, it assumed the entire game was there and downloaded nothing. Only way to fix it was to delete the leftover files, which meant I had to access a folder that is not accessible unless you mess around really deep within windows security / permissions for a while, and delete a specific file that didn't seem to be related to Forza whatsoever. Microsoft support technician had to control my computer for two hours just to figure out the problem. Also, the tech disabled all my non-Windows services without enabling them after, and I'm pretty sure my computer's permissions aren't set back the way they should be. I can launch Forza now, though.  
  
tl;dr - The Microsoft Store is ass.
Not home so I can't test myself, what does ctrl do?
I was under the impression the travel ban only applied to people who don't have green cards, is that true? 
Thanks for the info though, didn't know most of that. Were the families allowed their belongings and money when they weren't allowed back into the country?
Oops, I totally misread the article. Now I feel like an idiot.
So it’s a bs article?
Their mail must end up at the wrong house constantly.
Since the title doesn't mention it, 1,457 of the 1,903 (76%) were ~~citizens~~ legal permanent residents.
Oh, I've seen this befo-  
  
...
  
Oh my god that's genius.
Oh God no, perfectly clean driving record. No tickets, accidents, nada. Never even been pulled over somehow, although I bet that will change once I'm in the 'Stang. In NY, so that also plays a role. You're right, it is a crooked system. To be fair I have a good plan, I'm covered pretty well. Not $317 worth in my opinion but my options are limited at my age. That's what people keep telling me, it'll go down *eventually.* Can't wait for that to happen since it's just been 3 years of it only going up so far.
Oof. Ironic.
If you think that's bad, I got a quote for an STI and it was in the range of $400 a month. Some other hot hatches were in the high 300's. Hell, my Accord is around $220 a month right now to insure. If I'm gonna be raped by insurance no matter what, I'd rather be raped in a new Mustang.
The way he instinctively clutched onto the highlander's axle and held for dear life was some action movie shit.
I didn't realize doing less of something made you immune to all scrutiny.
One criminal turning in another.
God damn that’s a lot of time, what game modes did you spend that in?
TIL Monica Lewinsky is not alt-right.
Way ahead of you bud. Vaping wax and oil has become huge, especially for teens/adolescents since it's extremely concealable. You can use [cartridges](https://www.bud4high.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/12/Lavender-Cannabis-Oil-Vape-Cartridge-1.jpg), which are pre-filled with a solution of cannabis oil and a base to liquidize the oil. You can also stick a glob of wax on a standard vape coil and consume it that way. I did that for a while when I first started out with wax, but there are much better solutions out there. Now I vape my wax using [this guy](https://www.thisthingrips.com/r2-cartridge).
/r/vaporents is primarily related to cannabis vaping and not oils and waxes, never seen any oils or wax there
Nicotine salts are rarely harsh at 30mg, although that brand could be using a harsher formula. I'd compare with juice from another brand.
That isn't exploitation... you clearly have all the power to view the price history so if you still fall for it, that's 100% on you. This has been a practice in retail for literally decades. Piracy, however, is stealing. That's illegal for a reason.
I haven't driven either but while the Civic Si is a great car, people go absolutely nuts over the focus and fiesta ST. If I were you, that'd be my choice. I was considering getting a focus ST a few months ago but ultimately decided to get a Mustang Ecoboost.
That's why I leased, my friend has a S197 GT and I love it of course but it's not economical in my situation.
Ahh, thanks
Don't get me wrong, I would love a GT. Who wouldn't love a roaring coyote engine? Thing is, I'm a college student working part-time on a very limited budget. I have to pay for my own gas, insurance, and lease payments. The GT is a gas guzzler and *a lot* more expensive to insure, which would really impact me financially. Being a 20 y/o kid my insurance is already through the roof ($317 a month for the Ecoboost.)  
  
I have been saving for a new car for over two years, so pretty much right after I bought my first one at 17. Just another passionate car enthusiast working hard to finally get out of my auto Honda and into a manual sports coupe. I literally checked every single craigslist listing in my area *daily* for the majority of that time trying to find something I could buy in full with little luck. Test drove a few Mazdaspeed3's, nothing ended up working out.  
  
Then three months ago I was diagnosed with a pretty large stage one spindle cell tumor (don't worry, got that bitch removed two weeks ago and I'm recovering fast) and during the process, before we knew what it was, the fear I could possibly be dying from cancer while still working my ass off every day made me decide I was done waiting. I ran the numbers and figured I could lease an Ecoboost and support myself past my graduation next year and until I find a job in my field. It's still an amazing value, 310 horse/350 torque for under $30,000 in a beautiful newly refined chassis and amazing modding potential. Then, in 36 months, I can trade that puppy for a GT or even a Shelby.  
  
Sorry that's probably longer than you wanted, but it's my reasoning. I probably would have waited longer to maybe get a GT if all of that didn't happen, but I'm so glad I didn't. I'm finally gonna have my own Mustang, and that thought alone is worth all the hard work I've put in.
Sometimes my jaw will pop (like cracking a knuckle) and have the same effect, is it the same thing happening? My jaw gets wonky and even locks up sometimes, probably TMJ since my father has it.
Sometimes my jaw will pop (like cracking a knuckle) and have the same effect. 
I followed a video, I put the wax in a cup containing VG/PG solution and placed that cup in a pan of hot water on a stovetop. The heat made the wax mix with the solution but I'm guessing it didn't mix well enough. Thanks for the tip.
Well then I guess the surface area of the coil isn't big enough to burn enough thc to get an effect from it. I make ejuice so i've refilled hundreds of pods and they all worked except for my special THC pods. Bummer.
2018 Ecoboost
Subaru has been around since '53 though
I won't have my custom order for another 5 or 6 weeks :(
Now correct me if I'm wrong, but won't natural selection eventually cause any species to become sexual fiends if they survive long enough? 
That kid is having a great time laughing at her
[Or six seconds](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qUEy55r49fY)
50th anniversary of what?
That's so creative and accurate! Would you sell these?
Love it.
I mixed wax in a pg/vg solution and filled a Juul Pod with it before, because of the temp control it didn't get hot enough to activate the THC. I don't know how this guy got it to work  with just the wax but for me it was a total bust.
Not really defending her, I just don't think her tweet constituted ruining her career.
Precisely. His application was most likely reviewed months before the parkland incident blew up making it completely irrelevant to his cause. He didn't want to admit that though, he said it was because they disagreed with his cause. Now anyone who scrutinizes him has their career destroyed? 
So that "rigid" axle works like a limited slip axle? 
That seventeen year old said highly exclusive colleges were denying him not based on merit nor quality, but because of his cause. 
I find something oddly calming about this photo. Something about being that far from earth.
Even the kid is like "dude... what the f*ck is on me?"
I agree with everything you've said. We're in a situation where one side is socially allowed to misbehave and act vindictively to get what they while the other is held to such a higher standard. It seriously makes me embarrassed at times to be a part of this country.
Is this seriously all because of that one tweet? Like okay, she dramatized the situation, but not even close to a degree that calls for her career to be threatened. Hogg implied that he was getting denied from very exclusive colleges because they don't support him instead of his qualifications, I don't think her reaction is totally uncalled for.
I don't know why
Reminds me of the time I had to explain to my ex and her mother what a period was. 
So many people don't get this and they think they deserve no scrutiny for it. It's pretty simple to me: if you make poor choices that make someone else's life harder, you're an asshole.
That's a good mindset. The way you worded that sort of makes it seem less than it is though. Ask a retail employee, not being the worst part of a retail employees day is still setting the bar pretty low.
The reason being we're trending towards a generation where almost everyone has a job in retail at some point. It's an easy entry job for young adults and teens, a fallback for adults, and something to pass the time for seniors still in the workforce.
I got my ecoboost with the bigger screen not only for carplay and android auto, but also for that big reverse cam. Mustang has limited visibility compared to what I used to drive so I figured it couldn't hurt for safety's sake. IMO it's a good idea and really makes the center of the interior pop.
Half of these are just things that should be common sense
Back then it was super easy to replace the back. For like $10 I bought a kit to replace my black back panel with a white one and I loved the look of it.
> Also, there is a stigma about women driving supercars that turns me off  
  
What stigma? For anyone with an interest in cars, it's refreshing to see women that share the interest.
Who isn't refilling their pods at this point?
Duh it stands for central news network...  
  
-Liberals, probably
*record scratch*
My EcoBoost is being built as we speak in that exact color and I dig those louvers! How do they affect visibility when driving?
I dunno, there's a sizeable group of consumers that will shove their money at anything popular and unique.
Like others have said, tires are more important. You can get by with FWD and a solid set of snow tires in most light snow conditions. RWD will be difficult in the snow without proper snow tires unless you're experienced. 
I'm sorry to break this to you, but it doesn't matter how uncomfortable they are. He is within his constitutional rights and no civilian is allowed to stop him, me, nor you from practicing those rights. Don't you think he's uncomfortable too? Having someone in his face yelling at him?
Since everyone became snowflakes.
You give me a better way to stand for your right to bear arms other than bearing arms and then you can call him a troll. Whether or not you agree with him he is protesting just as fair and even more respectful than his opposition.
Happened to me, had to build my way up there and knock it down (it's higher than it looks, bring many canisters)
So standing up for your rights makes you a troll? He was completely respectful and informational, what did he do that made him a troll?
[Crazy eyes.](https://i.imgur.com/uQG7N3c.png)
Please explain the last line
I test drove the PP which I think are 19" or 20", honestly I felt that the suspension made way more of a difference in ride feel than the wheels. Best way to know is test drive one yourself.
Oh, always.
The whole damn axle flew off
That's why we ask them to post their ideas on Reddit
> a little
I can't believe the attacker's family tried to waste courtroom time by filing a [wrongful death lawsuit...](https://www.ksl.com/article/46278654/judge-releases-video-of-fatal-federal-courtroom-shooting)
[His family filed a wrongful death lawsuit claiming excessive force.](https://www.ksl.com/article/46278654/judge-releases-video-of-fatal-federal-courtroom-shooting) So I guess "profit" is accurate. ~~Not that the case will actually go anywhere.~~

Edit: turns out after the video was released the wrongful death lawsuit was dismissed. Plan foiled.
Out of all the ones I've used which are Juul, Bo, Phix, Infinix, Fit, Sourin, and probably a handful more, the Juul is definitely the smallest and the lightest. The Bo, Fit and Infinix weigh in just over 20 grams where the Juul is around 12, makes holding it with your lips much easier if you do that.
That's great and all but it isn't as seamless as just looking at your phone and having the details appear.
I forgot about that, yes I think that was a shortcut by Apple tbh
I like the utility of FaceID, such as being able to hide notification details when you're not looking, how it unlocks the device as you're reading notifications so as soon as you swipe it opens up, and you can verify downloading apps with your face which feels super cool (especially the 'Ding' noise). No buttons or gestures - it's so much more natural. I believe TouchID, while less utilitarian, is more reliable. It'll work in more situations. So far though I've had no major problems with FaceID.
Was that fact the inspiration behind your username
Aside from how immoral this is, you have to be 18 to sign a contract. Who the hell decided "let's add an exception in case we wanna start marrying children."
Is this [Lil Pump's Bentley](http://www.xxlmag.com/news/2018/03/lil-pump-sued-leaving-scene-car-accident/) he recently crashed?
I was sort of disappointed to find there was no cow.
Last year I got back from an 8 day cruise with no weed and first thing took a dab of Tahoe OG, one of the best highs of my life.
Very informative, thanks
Aren't all of the ones I listed the same architecture, ARM?
I was under the impression the A11 was dual core when in reality it has 6 logical cores. That alone would be a big difference on any multi core tasks / benchmarks.
Can you name one
I explained to another user that I got my info on the A11 from a bad source, but thank you.
I specified the manufacturer of the processor in the iPhones for clarity, I don't know why you think I was implying anything. Secondly, turns out I was relying on faulty information about the A11 which sort of flawed my whole comment. I know that clock speed and cores aren't a means of determining overall output, my data was just incorrect. 
That's why they got stuck teaching liberal arts.
~~The iPhone processors are manufactured by TSMC, and arent faster than high end Androids. The Galaxy S9 has an octa-core processor (2.8 GHz Quad + 1.7 GHz Quad), LG V30 has an octa-core 2.45 GHz processor, the iPhone 8 just has a dual-core 2.4 GHz. Measly in comparison. Apple's engineers just know how to mate hardware and software and Android OEM's can't copy that.~~

Edit: Sorry for the misinformation, the A11 is a 6-core, the "dual-core" came from the two "high performance" cores in the A11. **My mistake, disregard.**

Edit: some people are still missing the first edit.
That's total conflating, though. You *should* educate yourself before forming an opinion on an issue so big it goes back to our forefathers. No one expects you to know as much as your doctor.
On what basis? I think the guy was just a shitty person and would've been the same or frankly worse if you were a dude.
Makes you think about how much footage from porn shoots they have to cut out because it would be considered horrifically disgusting.  
  
On second thought, they probably just use those clips for the less traditional categories...
Damn that's a really shitty clerk. No one should go through that. Don't see how it was at all sexist though.
Yeah, I really don't see how this article pins Apple as the one playing catch-up.
Makes sense to me
So is that why NY has the best damn bagels?
^ underappreciated
Except the very rare extremely weird dream. Or is that just me.
Ohhh my god I hated ScanMaster because of this. My store recently got new systems and instead of adding a new entry for the voided item, it will change the original entry to red text with a minus. So much easier for those ~~dumbfucks~~ customers to understand.
What the hell... I’m literally watching that exact episode right now. 
/r/quityourbullshit
It was running from a Lion so adrenaline might have numbed the pain at first.
Yes, even a cobalt couldn’t be 20 years old.
I’m sorry but you’re wrong. All cobalt coupes had the two lights on each side of the rear, as my picture pointed out. You’re thinking of the sedan, which is still not the same. That’s not even a Chevrolet badge either...
That part isn’t quoted and looks more like something OP added to elaborate.
That, or occasionally when browsing.
> if you don't [squirt] on command then you're just not a real woman  
  
I'm guessing you haven't watched porn. Since when is squirting a requirement? It's not as frequent as you're suggesting.
That is absolutely not a [Cobalt](https://cars.usnews.com/static/images/Auto/izmo/300493/2009_chevrolet_cobalt_angularrear.jpg).
I love this game and I love the scenery 
or just find a used note 7
Imagine all the roaches up there.
I thought dogs did that head turn thing when they're trying to hear something, no?
The first half goes into temperature control testing, but I found the analytes testing much more interesting:
  
> Beyond three intended ingredients (nicotine, propylene glycol, glycerol) which were observed, 89% (25 of 28) of panel analytes were not detected (ND) or were below the level of quantification (BQL).  
  
> Eleven percent (3 of 28) were observed at quantifiable levels, including NNN [N-Nitrosonornicotine] (at >99% reduction vs. the combusted cigarette); chromium (at 2% above level of quantification (LOQ)), significantly below Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) permissible exposure limits; and anabasine (at 25% above LOQ), a naturally occurring nicotine degradation product.  
  
[Wikipedia article on N-Nitrosonornicotine](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/N-Nitrosonornicotine)
  
Really interesting stuff. Thanks for sharing.
Buzz sometimes? If you're aged 13-17, that level of nicotine pretty much gives a buzz every time, which is why they're so sought out by these kids. I started "vaping" in high school too but it's a whole different ball game with devices like this.
> Even then, some still make you pay.


Just because other companies can handle the loss doesn't mean every company has to. So yeah.  
Also... it's not the "norm," actually. Unless its a big company they usually make you pay. Even then, some still make you pay.
Maybe because your indecisiveness is not their fault?
Yeah the remote start would’ve been nice but it’s not worth sacrificing the fun of the MT.
Yes.
Yeah whenever people tell me “paddle shifters” as if it is a replacement for the manual, they probably have never driven a manual and don’t understand how exhilarating it is and how dull it makes automatics feel. I would literally rather have a regular auto where I can at least ask it to select gears 1, 2, and 3 whenever I want instead of *click click click click* *wait* *jolt*. Not fun for me.
I just test drove a manual and 10 speed auto ecoboost this week and I can tell you even though it’s a great automatic it didn’t put a smile on my face. The manual did instantly.
According to car and driver, ford claimed with the new 10 speed auto and launch control the car can hit 60 in just under 5 seconds. Won't keep me from getting the manual, though.
Good luck and have fun. If you own a decently equipped PC, it wouldn't be a bad idea to look at setups like the [Logitech G29](https://www.google.com/search?q=logitech+g29&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8&client=firefox-b-1-ab). I have a Logitech G27 and paired with [Project CARS](http://store.steampowered.com/app/234630/Project_CARS/) it has seriously taught me a lot about car control and boosted my confidence on the road. All the while in an environment where nothing was at risk and no one could get hurt, which is not a guarantee on the street. It shouldn't cost you more than $400 all together, which isn't much compared to the cost of drifting. 
Kay but the wall has nothing to do with that.
This is hawt.
Using a cancer patient to push your agenda. That's low.
Pretty damn hard if you want to do it right.  
  
But if you've got the money for it, get to practicing.
I have the Bo, doesn't offer 0 nic and although the pods are cheaper than the juulpods per ml, they are much worse in quality. Taste is good usually, but the wick doesn't always absorb. Causes burning easily if you're not careful. Also not refillable, firstly because they're very difficult to open, secondly the wick will always burn out after one refill I've found consistently.
Getting surgery next month and I quit nicotine to assist the healing process. I'm on my last juulpod that isn't burnt out from excessive refills of my own 0 nic juice. I need something like this.
"Just your run of the mill dick"  
  
I love your humor.
Meanwhile, Logan Paul's suicide awareness campaign is... wait is that even still a thing?
Mine did. 
That isn't the point. The point is allowing us, the citizens, to defend ourselves from the government. 3rd grade history.
Excellent point.
Yes. This. 100% in agreement. 
If you honestly believe that, I'm sorry but you're extremely uninformed and uneducated. Go back to 3rd grade history and understand why our 2nd amendment exists.
That's a joke I hope. Are you aware of how difficult it is to get a gun in some states? Here in New York I don't even know where the next gun store is, hell, I don't even know if we have any. You also need a license to own a gun (including training) and there's a lot of regulation around it. Yet somehow we still have a history of violent gun crimes. 
The thing is there’s no easy way to get guns out of the hands of the disturbed while upholding the 2nd amendment. 
There are very serious issues with our country. It shows in our crazy high incarceration rate. It shows in our unnaturally high infant mortality rate. It shows in our school shooting statistics. Something clearly isn't right. Many countries, even developed ones, still have major problems that need to be fixed but I think a lot of people choose to ignore our own problems. We used to be so far ahead of the rest of the world, today that has changed entirely. 
We have some seriously fucked up people in the United States. When you get to understand how our country really works it isn't always hard to understand why. Something needs to drastically change or else this is our future.
The salesman probably thought I was just an uninformed young kid so I can't blame him for pulling that. Still lost my interest in doing business with him, though. I've been in contact with some other dealerships so I'm waiting on their numbers.  
  
Not really looking to buy at all though, don't plan on keeping it more than a few years. Just trying to find the best lease deal I can.
In my tweens / early teens I was so into EDM. Can't tell you how true this is. Not having any lyrics to google is a nightmare.
Update, just test drove a 2018 eco PP, came back inside and he wanted 2k down and 471 a month. Hell. Fuckin. No. Walked out of there fast. Not going back unless they bring that down a good amount.
While it's expensive I don't really think anyone should be complaining, no one is forced to buy it.
GT is a goal but right now it’s quite unrealistic. The gas mileage and insurance costs would be much more expensive compared to the ecoboost. Plus, it gives me something to look forward to. 310 ponies is enough to keep me busy for now.
That’s a really good deal but unfortunately I missed that cutoff
That’s an awesome deal. Don’t think it’s common they give that out though
So cigarettes being priced highly to deter people is okay but microtransactions can’t be priced highly for the same reason? You said yourself these games prey on addiction.
Damn that is a lot. I’m avoiding the premium because that adds over 6k msrp for the dealerships near me
So do cigarette's but consumers don't complain about their price as expensive as they are. If you don't want to pay it, don't be addicted.
I get that it's a lot but like... so what. I doubt all of the IAP's in that app are that expensive. Look to the right, you get ads removed included with any purchase instead of it being a separate purchase. That's not very common, that's a pretty nice developer imo.
Thanks for the info. About the mileage, in 2 and a half years I had added not even 15,000 miles on it, so I think 10500 is good enough for me.
Your guess is right, in fact the dealerships by me don't even offer to lease the GT.
Might be years until I can afford a GT (responsibly, anyway.) I’ve already waited a long time, and this really wouldn’t hinder my ability to get a GT in the future.
My credit is as good as can be for a 20 y/o, but that’s the catch, I’m very young. Even with stellar credit I doubt a dealership is going to trust me with low interest.  
Well that’s the thing, I don’t plan on keeping it long term. That’s why leasing seems like such a good option, smaller payments during the three years and I’ll have that time to save for whatever the next car is, and by the end I’ll be in a much, much better financial situation than I am now. Of course I’ll have nothing to show for it but that’s fine in a way, I’ll still be working my ass off during the lease period and saving every penny as I have been for years so I’ll be set up for whatever my next move is. And if I do choose to keep it long term I can take that money and just buy it at the end. 
You make great points but you claim it’s “a little more,” to finance, but wouldn’t it be hundreds more if I want to avoid high interest? 
Sounds like my scenario exactly. Leasing just seems like the easiest and cheapest option, even though it’s “short-term” cheap. Either way I will be upgrading in a few years.
Wouldn’t that be much more expensive? Also, that would hinder the plan of upgrading in a few years time, no?
For me, living on Long Island, it isn't about the backroads and long cruises. It's the little moments in between. Dropping into second and hauling ass to pass the slowpoke in front of you. Pushing through a turn nearing your tires's limits. Those moments are what I live for.
About those stored goodies, what does your body go after first? Muscle or fat?
I understand. Didn't know they had to disclose markup inconspicuously, thank you.
Unfortunately, I would probably need someone to cosign because of my age, that being one of my parents. Wouldn't be easy to convince them
You would think so, my only idea is some people genuinely need the better gas mileage and the EcoBoost is already powerful enough for most consumers so they just bumped up the Eco's.
So confusing... it’s not listed as premium on the website. Thank you
I live on Long Island, things tend to be more expensive than they should. It's somewhat believable but infuriating if true.
Couldn't they just be marking it up?
I guess I'll do that tomorrow since they're closed now. I'll post their response here.  
  
Edit: not calling, another user pointed out it was incorrectly listed on the website. It's premium with auto trans. Not base with 6mt as it is listed.
Nope, both base with the 6MT.
Jealousy of his prosperity, not the work it took to get there. His friend may not have seen him work his ass off day after day but he surely saw the success that came from it.  
  
This isn't uncommon, it's pretty much the entire socialist argument.
> never will anything terrible occur

*Bet.*
Or how about we put an intro with 0.1% of the volume of the rest of the video so they think they're volume is low until the video starts blasting through their whole house?  
  
- Pornhub Community Founder
Sorry, I didn't know you were psychic. Carry on.
Totally agree with you. Some professors are no more than a middle man, a glorified book narrator.
I guess disturb wasn’t the right word - more like it surprises me. I don’t get why people get so invested in it, I mean anyone who has my number would be in my contacts. Of course if I gave anyone my number recently that’s different.
Surprises me that more people don’t do this. If I get a call or text from a number I don’t know, it’s getting ignored. They’ll get the idea and it’s effortless. Most of my friends would answer, call back, or text back immediately. Some people even screenshot and post the unknown number on social media asking if anyone recognizes it. Chill people, it’s a wrong fuckin number! 

Edit: replaced ‘disturbs’ with ‘surprises’
Wondering if jealousy of lifestyle played a part. I'm sure everyone can admit that they've been jealous to the point of anger before, even if it is a close friend.
I was about to say if customers find this infuriating try being the one who is responsible for keeping the place neat. Impossible.
If you want to celebrate 2 years, that would technically fall on February 28th.
Had someone pull something like this before, he hired me to do some art for a website. After sending the art he didn't pay up and cut off contact. After he had already been using the art on his website. It was so long ago so I don't remember how I pulled this off but I found the web developer, gave him proof he didn't pay up for the art on the page. Turns out, he didn't pay the developer either. Didn't take long for that page to be shut down.
I just can’t look
It's not about cramming for some, some people just have insanely heavy workloads and can't help it.
All of these stories really open your eyes to how painfully stressed out some students become routinely every semester. There's no way that can be healthy.
Totally forgot they nixed the V6, thanks for reminding me. I've heard that the EcoBoost puts it to shame as well.
Same for me but it gets darker the closer you get to December for some reason. 
You explain how it isn't your fault...  
  
Then you admit it is your fault...  
  
Then you edit and explain how it isn't your fault...  
  
You okay dude?
I thought this was an album at first. There actually is an artist called [Pylot](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X-Q-X8tet3s) and this art style really matches some of his music styles. I had to do a double take.  
  
Either way, beautiful edit.
I see EcoBoost's with the 2.3 badge and I really don't know how to feel about it
How can you be so out of touch with reality
Every flavor of e liquid except menthol will get old when you vape it constantly.
The scary part is the grammar.
Being honest, I've noticed a plethora of what seem to be off-by-one errors when drawing to the screen in many Apple products since the first generation iPhone. Must be something very deep seeded.
God I hope he's retarded the rest of his life
I muted music day one that I bought this game because I felt it was aimed towards younger kids. Reading these comments, I'm starting to feel like I'm missing out.
Considering I spent an hour driving in traffic to get to school today, I can assure you living on campus is a fine option.
The only exception I can see is if she meant "Sorry *i made* you feel that way."  
  
Even still, shitty way to attempt apologizing.
Can't wait for this to go nowhere and be forgotten in two weeks.
Believe it or not, I had a classmate use this excuse once after his family got their first ever dog. Given we were in 4th grade and he was (and still is today) not the brightest of the bunch. It was literally the same week they had gotten their dog too, the kid literally couldn’t go more than a few days without pulling that one.  
  
What’s more interesting is they got rid of that dog and got a much smaller one after a month of ownership. The kid’s explanation was “the dog was mentally retarded so we had to give him away” but the truth leaked and everyone knew he was actually just scared of his *medium* sized dog. 
I'm surprised no one has mentioned computer mice. Back in the 80's and 90's, they made some pretty loud and discernable "clicks." Nowadays they're practically silent, but any mouse click in a movie is a loud, beefy "clunk". Makes no sense to me.
There have been a plethora of apps for that for years, the only thing Samsung did was include it by default.
I've had my gmod folder get to 150 GB before being cleaned out
That should sound tempting no matter what your financial status
To me, sex is just great no matter what. Frankly, the sedation from weed takes away some physical ability and makes the process a bit slower, which can be a good thing or bad thing. Often times I usually forget I'm high because, well, I'm in the middle of intercourse. It's a 50/50 for me.
Any links / titles to look for?
That "salesman" is really underdressed...
**No this was obviously a predetermined attempt to undermine women in society 25 years in the future.**  
  
/s
Actually, the line is "Better fix Ken's sandwich"
What year is it
I looked through your post history. Everything you comment is unbacked nonsense just to start a shitstorm. And damn, you get your ass handed to you just about every time. My acne covered 16 year old hypothesis still stands.
Okay, let's cut the fucking charade. Every reply you send is demeaning and looks like a post from /r/iamverysmart. You look like an idiot, don't try to act smarter than I am. I'm willing to bet I've spent a lot more time than you studying economics at uni.  
  
I've debated a lot of people and a clear sign that your opponent is losing and knows it is when they avoid the question. You're avoiding my points at every turn which is a pretty clear signal that you have a weak basis and you know it. Instead of jumping to the thesaurus to sound like you're anything more than a dipshit with no actual merit to his intelligence, how about you actually say something that doesn't sound like a 6th grade argument. Unless you can make a valid counterpoint, shut up and admit defeat, that's debate.  
  
My stance is if you think the 1% of you're nation owes the 99% (you) something, but you (worldwide 1%) don't owe the rest of the world something, you're a hypocrite. Try to change my mind, or don't reply at all.  
  
If you aren't an acne covered 16 year old with no job and few friends, I will be insanely amazed. You could benefit from going outside and learning social norms.
Neither am I brother, but I don't believe in an economic system in which success is punished and mediocracy is rewarded. That's how you halt economic and technological advancement.
There is irony. Much of the population of the worldwide 1% believe in an economic system in which the top 1% of their nation gives back. So by that ideology, considering they are in the 1% of the world, shouldn't they give back to the 99% of the world the same as they believe the 1% of their nation should?
So how is it not ironic for those in the worldwide 1% to think they deserve money from the 1% of the 1%? By that logic they should be giving their money to the other 99%.
Comparing the 1% to 99% within a country and the 1% to 99% in the world are different in what regard exactly?
Funny how the 99% think they deserve money from the 1% until they realize they're really in the 1%.
Life is weird, man. 
That's strange, I saw your wallpaper on Reddit about a week ago and saved it for a future phone wallpaper.
**DAH INVOICE**
Well, not everything unethical includes being a dickbag but regardless, what even is the tip? I don't understand why a warranty claim is less of a convenience, you don't even have to leave your house.  
  
To clarify, a Skullcandy warranty claim literally includes one thing: a one-sentence description of how the product broke. Next day they respond and you've got your credit.  
  
Furthermore, a quick check at skullcandy.com confirmed that all products come standard with a 2 year limited warranty. *It's literally plastered in a banner at the top of the page.* OP pulled 3 months out of his ass.
Yeah, I don't get what this guy's point is other than he's a dickbag. Skullcandy has an exceptional return policy if their product is defective, and it is *not* just "3 months". It is years at least, maybe lifetime. I had about 10 replacement skullcandy earbuds in just the time I spent in high school, not only do they replace a defect pair but they just give you a credit so you can get a new color or even new model if you please.  
  
I'm guessing the "3 month" warranty he's referring to is if the user breaks the earbuds, not a defect. So basically this dude's been carelessly breaking his shit and putting the loss on some store owner repeatedly.  
  
Dickbag.
There's no way I can read that and not instantly try to find it.  
 

Great... Now I have to go watch this
2 seconds in: Oh, it's a trick nade. Cool.  
20 seconds in: You beast.
It's not like dropping it was likely to happen. He only fucked up because he overestimated how tall the table was at the last second and loosen his grip too early.
An actual *shitty* life pro tip
Ah, I could see a slight difference in the design but I knew it still had to be a Spigen.
The pattern on the case looked familiar then I realized, [that's my case.](https://imgur.com/a/9xDxF)
That picture isn't even as bad as it gets on her social media. She over-sexualizes herself as most celebrities do, which gives her no right to complain.
https://www.salon.com/2012/01/04/the_architect_of_apple_iconography/
There's a fine line between being broke from Frappucinos and movies, and being broke from essential bills.
**THAT ONE NIGHT**
Yes.  
  
Seriously though I've never been a fan of tobacco juices, Juul's take included, and most of my friends aren't either. 
Sorry but, what? It literally looks just like a basic cooler with a glow stick glued on.  
  
[*Wow.*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RvPflBqV0OM)
The problem is the older generations have a super strong feeling of entitlement. Logic doesn't matter, just demand an answer.
Default iOS news app. I only really follow cars and politics, all I have to do is tap which one I want and a plethora of recent articles come my way. Super intuitive.
I am a little more concerned about how I can do this
The two are irrelevant to each other, you can’t interchange the terms. You can’t smoke something that doesn’t produce smoke. You shouldn’t get the idea that they’re at all the same, that’s dangerous to believe. One is unhealthy, the other is incredibly detrimental to health and lethal.
[If only she knew](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2578POpB5tY)
It took me 3 minutes to realize he's Santa
That's not really true. First of all yes, once you start modding heavily it does shorten engine life. But it's a civic. Ten or twenty miles off 200,000+ isn't really a bad tradeoff.  
  
Secondly, a challenger R/T gets 15 city / 23 highway. A modded civic can easily be faster in a straight than an R/T and still get over 20 city. 
With the massive aftermarket you can make a civic pretty quick and handle impressively. 
In 7th grade I had an incredibly rude science teacher. Only 40 and full on gray hair. You know the type. Anyway, I was a pretty decent student and I did well in her class. One time while going over last nights homework, she called on a student who didn't do the assignment. When he admitted that, she got so mad that she gave the entire class lunch detention. So, lunch rolls around, and I first go to the cafeteria to buy my food. I waited on line for a bit, got my food, sat with my friends and shoved it down quickly. I couldn't bring it to the room because of a rule prohibiting eating in science classrooms because chemicals are used in there. After 5 minutes of shoving down food, I had finished eating so I headed to the classroom to do my time. It was about 10 minutes into the period at this point. When I showed up, no one else was there but the teacher. She told me that everyone else showed up on time and she let them out, but since I didn't show up immediately, I had to stay the entire period. Apparently, the no-eating rule was waived for lunch detention. So I sat there, just me and her, for the entire period. Because someone else didn't do their homework.  
  
Seriously what the fuck, Ms. Lange?
Same exact thing happened to me bro :(
Not just with that but everything, always research your opposition. If you don't then you're a bigot, plain and simple.
In that case, I was basically just adding details to support your statement.
Am I really because you're talking about police / civilian risk of being shot and I presented statistics about risks of being shot... plus you can't charge overtime on something that isn't doing any real work.
Please. You weren't dragged, you voluntarily participated in this discussion. I'm simply telling you the facts.
I'm glad you agree 21 times is not the same because blacks are 18.5 times more likely to kill cops than to be killed by cops. Also, 40% of cop killers are black.  
  
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/volokh-conspiracy/wp/2016/07/19/academic-research-on-police-shootings-and-race/?utm_term=.cd39c3576866
Oh my lord... I had that on the gamecube. I remember how fun it was to drift that Miata.
They also don't have to live on this planet which seems more and more beneficial every day.
I'll try to touch on all the points you made, which are pretty good.  
  
I understand 4 years is really nothing, I'm just making it clear that with the time I've had, I've kept myself in great standing. I commute to school every weekday, work about every other day, and I'm out most weekends. I don't do a substantial amount of driving, but I do put on at least 6k a year.  
  
I'm actually into amateur racing and stunt driving (no, I'm not the asshole squealing tires in an empty parking lot.) I keep it mostly off the streets to remain safe, I actually built a computer for racing / stunt simulation with over $2000 in gear because I'm very serious about it. I don't mean to brag but I can control a vehicle better than anyone I know. I'm always on top of my tire grip and I know how to handle it when things go wrong. I've skidded on ice and snow (in real life) and remained safe, yes. So looking at your list, I haven't seen it all, but at least I can know for myself as long as I'm cautious as usual I'll probably be safe.  
  
My category is high risk and they have no real way of determining my risk as an individual, that's the roadblock. Hopefully one day we have a better way of assessing risk, one that is less flawed. I guess that's all I can really say.  
  
You opened my eyes to some good points, so thank you.
The problem is that system forces insurance companies to assume risk when there isn't any to protect themselves. I'm not saying there's a perfect system but this one isn't that great. Like I said, I've been driving for 4 years, no accidents, tickets, nothing. 100% clean driving record. And I drive a grandma car. But somehow I'm considered a massive risk. Their categorization algorithms don't make sense. Generalizing doesn't work, categories do not work fine.  
  
Plus, the fact that it's an illegal practice for every other industry kind of gives off a red flag.
It's still a form price discrimination. 
Well yeah but that's true for anything
People say that a lot but I've never actually seen someone with  AWD say they can brake more efficiently in snow. Not doubting there's idiots out there.
That's not uncommon. I'm 20. Totally clean driving record, never caused an accident, never even been pulled over in my life. Currently paying over 2,500 a year for a honda accord with $500 deductible. WRX or STI would push that to over 4 grand. I'm being financially raped because I'm part of a certain demographic. I can already barely get by as a full time student and part time employee, but the absurd premiums make it impossible for people like me to grow financially.
That's literally nothing. My premium would go up by **$2000** a year if I wanted a WRX.
Do people actually believe that
The world hates men, simple as that.
The prices are different for an obvious reason: they charge $9 for 13 onion rings. They ring them individually so if you only want one, that's 69.23 cents a piece. Now that's obviously not possible to pay so they adjust the pricing so that once you reach 13, it adds to $9. This is really common when buying inexpensive merchandise in groups like fruits & veggies, or in this case onion rings.
That's actually not what I'm saying at all if you read my post. First of all, I want to clarify this doesn't apply to *everyone* on food stamps, but instead a rather overwhelming amount. I made a point that plenty of people on food stamps still have enough left over for a 12 pack and a pack of cigs, I never said that's where most of their money goes. If they didn't spend so much on booze and cigs they could easily afford food on their own, food really isn't expensive in comparison to drugs. Our government is not here to guarantee everyone a supply of booze and cigarettes, it's abuse of the system.
To be fair a lot of the people on food stamps don't need it. I've worked in retail for 3 years and the vast majority of those on food stamps always have enough money to buy their daily liquor and cigarettes next door, and they're completely transparent about it too. It literally happens on a daily basis. They're getting paid working off the books doing god knows what making more than enough money to live off and using all of that for cigarettes and booze and the EBT card is for food.
How did you replace the battery?
Yeah but even on purpose it’s fucking stupid.
Those cops were dicks but seriously, did none of you see him reach for his hip? When the officer made it pretty damn clear not to do anything other than crawl? The officers were there because of suspicion of a gun and **he reached for his hip.** He made himself look like he was reaching for a gun. How many times did the officers warn him that he would be "shot and likely killed" if he didn't follow directions? At least ten times. He made a wrong move, simple. If you were the officer in this situation and you saw him reach from his back and then bring his arm back around front, you would shoot him too, because he could be trying to kill you.
Efficient and resourceful. As far as I'm concerned this is the right way to do it.  
  
If there's only a little milk left and I want cereal, I cut off the top 70% of the gallon and use it as a bowl.
Not me but my friend never uses the shift key, but double taps caps lock any time she needs to capitalize a letter. Surprisingly she can type 82 wpm so it clearly isn't hindering her typing.
I decided to play this while baked, and it took me 30 minutes to realize there is no crouch button.  
  
**You just crouch.**
Technically it's "cellphone cam from inside a vehicle," valid post.
Bigger picture: big university != intelligence.
But he couldn’t find her iPod.
**Cut.**  
**Is.**  
**Fake.**  
I like it better without audio, I imagined neither of them saying a word to each other and it makes the whole thing so much more awkward.
You say that now but experts expect NK to complete their missile research as early as within next year, by that point they *can* fight a war. So they may want one. What will you say then?
When did they ever say they would side with the US if NK struck first??
I never make my problems into someone else's. People do this all the time, sometimes even without realizing. It's not okay, **your** problems came from **your** mistakes, so **you** fix them. Don't try to pass the burden onto others who are busy dealing with their own problems.
I'm with you
You'd think this would be unanimous.
What a complete fuckhead
And she flicked the wheel just right to make that guy fly off the hood. Quadruple kudos.
I wouldn't say there's "no" incentive, there's plenty of competition in the market so having the edge on competitors is how you succeed, that's a pretty big incentive if you ask me.
As are you
He skyrocketed from 83 followers to over 204,000 **in one day** because of this tweet.  
  
His page: https://www.instagram.com/myhotelcarpet/
So, what I think you're saying is you believe the market is flooded with low-quality material and that you want to eliminate ad revenue as a way to pull funding from small-time developers that make said low-quality material. Okay, I have my opinions on that but I'll take it.  
  
You may have heard about a survey in which some percent of Americans believe that the Country's wealth is not "fairly" distributed. To them I say, who the hell told you that you get to tell the economy how it works? I hope you understand what I mean by that, that there's a logical and economic reason to why markets are the way they are, and that opinion is irrelevant.  
  
So in saying you want "a market that doesn't rely on ads in apps to begin with" I hope you realize that, while that *idea* would be great, it's the low-quality, small-time devs that use this service as a way to slowly build up to creating the high-quality products that you would choose to pay for.  
  
I'll be personal with you. When I first published apps to the Google Play store they were atrocious in quality. I'll be the first to admit it. They got around 3 stars. It was new to me and I was learning, and how else could I fund myself spending 6 hours a day coding without a little ad revenue? Nowadays my apps receive ~4.5 stars as I have come a long way in the years since, but I would never have gotten here if my older, less beautiful apps didn't give me the hope and funding for the future that I needed. Frankly, when I first started, I didn't even know that it was possible that I could earn as much as I do. But those low-quality apps gave me the confidence that I could continue to do this, and eventually get better.  
  
I hope this proves to you that low-quality apps pave the way for developers to give you the great apps that you actually enjoy. Even though my apps were very low-quality back then, they still had thousands of users, not many but it still shows that there are plenty of people who **appreciate** these low-quality, low-cost apps because it gives them so many more options, and people like options, even if you do not.  
  
So my point to you is while a higher-quality market would be lovely, it simply isn't realistic, just like a "fair" distribution of wealth. The wealth is distributed this way for a reason, some people worked their asses off to make a living and others did the minimum or somewhere in between. It's the same principle for the app market being the way it is, low-quality devs get their funding to eventually become better and give you the high-quality apps you love. It's a balance you logically and economically need to have, not something that's a matter of opinion.  
  
If you have a chance and haven't already, I do suggest you take a course in either Microeconomics or Macroeconomics, you will really learn a lot about why the economy behaves the way it does.  
  
tl;dr - The market can't be the way you want it to because it flourishes best when people have options, and because all high-quality devs started somewhere.
Yeah, I didn't expect an answer.  
  
I'll give you one last shot because we can't get anywhere if you're too small to give me an answer when I've asked literally five times.  
  
If your next reply doesn't contain an answer to the (quite simple) question, there's little chance I'll be continuing this. In case you forgot the question, I'll paste it below.  
  
>> First time ever trying an app, don't know if it's worth it or not, would you rather try it out for free with a few ads, or pay $0.99, 1.99, even 2.99 upfront with no guarantee of the app being useful for you?
Well, duh. That's a pretty obvious statement. People are really against paying for apps nowadays. Almost nobody would pay even $1 for **any** app, regardless whether it's mine or others. That's why 99% of apps are free if you still haven't caught on to that. If you look on the android side it's even worse, barely any apps are paid at all. 
You sort of jogged around the question but didn't give me a straight up answer, maybe unintentionally but regardless this is what I'm asking:  
  
First time ever trying an app, don't know if it's worth it or not, would you rather try it out for free with a few ads, or pay $0.99, 1.99, even 2.99 upfront with no guarantee of the app being useful to you? That's the scenario being proposed by the original comment: that ads are so, so horrible they should be completely replaced by purchases. My point is that would totally crash the market, and I think you'd agree.
Uh... never said that? I said that the market would crash meaning fewer buyers for all, not no buyers at all.
But you won't answer the question because you know damn well you'd agree with me.  
  
I think you're the one who has to be right.
While a baseless argument is always fun, if you really wanna know how my apps are, go right ahead and ask the hundreds of thousands of people who downloaded them.
If ads were theoretically kicked to the door and all apps had to be paid to support developers, the app market would simply crash because the demand for apps isn't nearly high enough for this system to work. It's impossible for developers to generate the same revenue from purchases as they would have gotten from ads, there just isn't enough demand. So I can't tell you the price exactly, but I can assure you the app market would drastically crash.
That's okay. I'm used to people avoiding the question when they're wrong.  
  
Point is, you know I'm right in saying most smart phone consumers would rather watch the ad than pay if they are trying out a brand new app. If you genuinely don't agree, well, sorry you're wrong. I've been in the business for years and the numbers speak for themselves.  
  
NOTE: not talking about iOS only here. Factor in other platforms.
So it's about cooperation? Are you saying you don't download apps with ads because you're too *proud*? It seems like you're shining a light on those who choose not to "cooperate" as if those who do are inferior beings.
I suppose that's a more clear way of expressing my point. I still believe my original statement is clear enough for most to understand what it meant. Generally, most people are quite aware that developers have control over whether ads in general are implemented into an app. Many don't know that the devs don't control which ads are selected.
Would you rather pay the money, or watch the ad? It's a simple question.
He proved a damn good point though.
If it's privacy you're worried about then it's a safe assumption any and all companies are after your information my friend, but I think you're taking it a step too far. This is 2017, most people are aware there are strict limits to their privacy online and either don't care or choose not to believe it. Complaining about it now though is a little behind our time. I also hope you know that not downloading apps on your phone doesn't make you much less vulnerable in today's world.
So ads = brainwashing? This has nothing to do with permissions but you keep bringing that up so I'm still not exactly sure what makes you loathe ad enabled applications so much.
"instead of letting people pay once or even subscribe"  
you were generalizing.
Okay... that still doesn't make any sense. To my knowledge there's very little legal differentiation between downloading an app and an in-app purchase. I really don't know where your immense concern for IAP's is coming from.  
Would you rather pay $2.00 or watch an ad
It's one thing to not want to use a product or service but please don't belittle the human race by spreading your ideas, if you honestly think every social media app is out to get you then I cannot further help you.
Well, I've been programming for 9 years in total, I've made my own 2D and 3D game engines from scratch along the way (given they were very basic and limited, mostly done for experience) and I'm currently working on my own programming language to be implemented for modular game development. Just recently did I explore the world of app development as a way to further my expertise. How long have you been a developer for?
I misread the comment I was replying to
Uh... yeah no shit. When no one is buying, no one is selling either, it would hurt both developers AND clients if all app prices skyrocketed. That's basic logic but thanks for pointing it out.  
  
I am gonna tell you what you would and wouldn't like because any normal human being would rather save money than not and that is the point I'm making. If you use an app one time you'd rather see an ad for 20 seconds than pay $2.00 or you're financially a moron.  
  
I liked the little autobiography (not really) but I don't know why you think having no apps on your phone makes you special... actually it's rather pitiful, although you may have a lot in common with my grandmother.  
What... how is an in-app-purchase less secure than a standard app purchase...
I misread the comment, explained in my other reply
I now see I misread the first part of your comment, I thought your idea was solely to use paid apps to replace all ads.
... Are you kidding? That's because iOS didn't support in-app purchases in the beginning. As soon as it did, developers ran with it. 
Yes, user retention shows how many users keep your app after a certain time period.
Integrating in app purchasing was a headache to learn for me on the Android side and I haven't gotten around to it for iOS. Hard part is implementing IAP's, toggling the ads is simple.
That isn't all developers though, plenty of apps let you pay to remove ads, which is completely fair.
~~Your first suggestion is absurd and no developer will take it seriously. No one's buying an otherwise free app for tens or even hundreds of dollars.~~ There's absolutely nothing wrong with a one time IAP to remove ads. Don't care about ads? Do nothing. Don't want them? **Then you pay for it.**
**Developers don't choose ads**
No. No you would not. For a developer to remove all ads and generate revenue solely from paid purchases, your app prices would skyrocket. I say this because I've been an app developer for 2 years and it's funny how the public thinks they know our marketing better than we do. I promise you would absolutely hate if that were the case.
Not nearly as light-hearted as you'd expect: https://youtu.be/b8HO6hba9ZE?t=27s
Username checks out. 
~~No she just typed it in manually, the price went up if you watch.~~
  
Edit: I realize I'm blind and was not looking at the total price. 
Rolling coal in someone's face is the douchiest thing you can possibly do. No one cares that you molested your engine just to look cool you fucking toddler. Take your slow shitcab elsewhere.
Well, they weren't wrong.
**Ooh new colors.**  
  
Come on, anyone knows the best update was when "iOS" actually got its name. From "iPhone OS 3.0" to iOS 4 was the biggest enhancement.
Thanks
No, very bright yellow. Like, *banana* yellow.
I thought so too but he just showed me a picture of a package with some yellow capped juul pods on the front, looks legit just like other packs. Still could be fake but it's something. 
God no, not after the fruit medley. So bland. Yuck.
4,040 but mostly bc I used to own a drp server
You're right in urging people to practice because even if 100% of the people who read this remember it, very few will hold that thought in a panic situation.  
  
Get to an empty parking lot once the first few inches hit, and gas that shit. Remember everything you do to get the car straight: how you turn the wheel, brake inputs, etc. It can save your life and your car. 
I did this. I didn't buy the juice, I made my own by mixing wax in a propylene glycol/vegetable glycerin mixture in a glass cup and putting the cup in boiling water. Not as much got mixed as I'd wanted, but I was able to make some THC e juice.  
  
Would I recommend it? No. Didn't feel a thing, the Juul doesn't hit with enough power. Your tolerance won't make a difference: shit is so weak. Wasted a half g of wax. I may put it in a tank with a mod eventually because that can probably do the trick, but the Juul is just way, way too weak.
Wipe that home key...
I mean... that *is* a stupid fucking question. It's **your** stuff that's gonna end up in the bag... how the hell would a seller know how heavy your items are.
Yeah somehow people still play it... not sure why 
>> ~~load~~  
  
It's called damage* now.
You're right, but I know people who could do that and be stable. I honestly think whatever was mixed in made it much worse though.
Oh **absolutely**. Where I live, 99% of "Xanax" are really pressed pills made with Xanax mixed with something else, that "something else" is what makes the pills dangerous, it's usually fentanyl, something WAY more deadly than Xanax.  
  
I've had them before, in regular doses like .25-.5mg they do feel like a xanax should. I had a (stupid) buddy take a full 2mg after a 1mg and he passed out for about 18 hours and I had to drag his limp, drooling body out of my car the next morning in front of his house because he literally couldn't move. Shit isn't a toy.
He means imitation pills made to look like a name brand but are actually mixed with far more dangerous drugs, like fentanyl.
Check the edit
Not only that but the f*cking netcode. I'm convinced operation health was a ploy to give the devs a few months vacation because any ping over 70 basically secures your 0-4.
I spend two minutes looking for '/s' before I realized you were being serious.  
  
*How are you being serious.* Ubisoft has had PLENTY of douchebag moments themselves and has nothing to boast about when it comes to its customer satisfaction. 
Might as well not let women vote. I mean why have an equal right to vote if you don't have equal responsibility for the country?  
  
~~/s~~

Edit: /u/Historybuffman is right, this isn't satire, if you want the right to vote equally for this country then step the f*ck up equally for this country.
> Please be HD so I can use this as my wallpaper...  
  
*clicks*  
  
> Yessss
No, that's a hatched dragon egg.          ^duh.
Look both ways? Nah, I'll just sprint straight ahead and ignore that loud honking and oh, that massive truck coming my way? Maybe I'll run from it last second idk.
I want to slap the shit out of that girl
Buttery.
Depends on preference so you'll have to experiment. Start lower (360) then increase by 15 degrees until it's too hot for you. And AVB is different for different people again so start slow.
Yeah I've read plenty bad stories about AVB on this sub so I know for sure not everyone will take it the same. How much did you start with
I usually start baking at 390 then after each hit increase by like 5/10 degrees, usually cooked the bowl by 425 / 430
Like 420 and sometimes higher. I would start at ~390 then progressively increase after each hit, and by the time I'd get to about 420 it would be done.
Did you get sick at all
Ahh... good point
> Challengers and Mustangs are almost equally popular  
  
That's why I asked, seems like they should depreciate similarly. Then again, it's a weird market.
Getting out of that godforsaken toxic relationship and finally becoming an adult.  
  
I actually did nearly kill myself in October of last year because of said relationship, it was the closest I've ever gotten to taking my own life. Feels good to be here. Thanks for this post, OP.
I have about 2x as much as that saved up from a few months of vaping earlier this year in a ziploc bag... I vape at really high temps so I'm afraid it's just gonna be mostly ash and make me sick. But if it isn't... that shits a gold mine.
Why don't mustang's keep their value as well as the challenger?
But it's hotter when she's not talking if you catch my drift
A country's geographic location isn't something you can change.
I agree with you. If you check my edit you'll see I clarified what I meant to say.
I understand and I'm with you on that, if you check my edit I wasn't at all suggesting vaping should be allowed everywhere, and I was referring to small devices, not high-power devices.
My poor wording led you to misinterpret my comment, please check my edit to understand what I meant.
100% agree with you on that. Please check my edit - it clarifies what I meant.
Good thing public areas aren't your house I guess?
Sorry, let me clarify. I'm not trying to argue that common courtesy shouldn't exist. Small devices like the one shown in the gif barely produce a smell and if they do, it's generally not unpleasant. Now mods are a different story, when you're blowing clouds of vapor you shouldn't be near people at all unless they're okay with it. And yes, they can be a lot more pungent than small pen devices, so I would understand the smell complaint only if the odor is excessive and disruptive because that can be irritating.
Okay relax bud... keep in mind this was made back when people weren't retarded and knew there is a difference between vapor and smoke, so vaping indoors was usually allowed.  
  
Side note, please stop perpetuating the idea that vaping in public harms others and is therefore disrespectful. I'd rather live in a world where more people are aware that one thing is immensely worse than the other, and that there's no "secondhand vapor." Not that I think we should be vaping in restaurants per se, but I think vaping should be much less limited than smoking is.  
  
*Edit:*  
Wow okay. In hindsight, I should have clarified. I'm not trying to argue that common courtesy shouldn't exist. Small devices like the one shown in the gif barely produce a smell and if they do, it's generally not unpleasant. Now mods are a different story, when you're blowing clouds of vapor you shouldn't be near people at all unless they're okay with it. And yes, they can be a lot more pungent than small pen devices, so I would understand the smell complaint only if the odor is excessive and disruptive because that can be irritating.  
  
I'm not suggesting we should allow vaping in restaurants. I'm not suggesting any policy or law has to be changed necessarily, I think most establishments handle the rules quite well. My point was not to hold the dangers of smoking to the same levels of the dangers of vaping because many people are trying to eliminate the plentiful misinformation out there regarding that. I hope y'all understand me now.
At least you crammed in one last 4/20.
I was slightly expecting a spongebob meme in this thread but this one wasn't the one I thought...
To which I respond, when the f*ck did public photography become illegal? They have no justification for hounding you but they do it anyway.
It just pisses me off that  
Man + camera = OK  
Man + kids = Sometimes OK  
Man + camera + kids = Not OK  
  
There's literally hundreds of reasons for someone to take pictures while kids happen to be in the vicinity. If he was from the town I doubt he was even getting the kids in the frame to begin with. People are just looking to criminalize men for anything. 
Yeah but of course OP doesn't get to decide his intent, the all-knowing mods do.  
  
Even though he posted this in /r/conspiracy first to draw attention to the lack of media coverage and even mentioned the media in this post's title.
A lack of sobriety, or in legal terms "capacity" is in fact used as means of defense from time to time with contract law. However it isn't cut & dry when it works or doesn't, it depends on the contract & other facts.
A huge portion of manufacturers' profits is due to the "newer = better" notion.
Glad you said it. There's a big stereotype around dealers that most don't fit into.
Right, because I know exactly what time to skip to for every gif I open.
Without audio I think it's pretty pointless
Can we stop doing this? The entire first half of this gif is talking. 

Orgasmic
Yeah and the $100 ones are clones too.
It's... real now.
And then you'll be saved
I still don't know why you're generalizing as if all American vehicles handle poorly and all Japanese vehicles have low HP. It's really not true and I suggest you do some research as you clearly know very little about cars.
Okay, see, you're doing it again.  
  
> I'd rather spend $35,000 on a Challenger RT Scat Pack than an STi or Type R.  
  
That's your opinion. Have it. But no one cares and it doesn't add **anything** to this thread. You keep bringing up irrelevant information every time I slap your stupid argument out of the park.  
  
> If you're buying a Japanese car, you're probably not buying it for the horsepower.  
  
No shit. When was that ever a debate.  
  
> Handling is the most important factor  
  
Then why would you prefer a Challenger... Seems like you better brush up on what kind of cars you're into. Also, another irrelevant opinion.  
  
> and a FWD car isn't going to handle better than RWD or AWD.  
  
Most of the time, this is true. Doesn't change the fact that the "trashy civic" is faster in a straight than an STi.
> A WRX STi can perform similarly while costing less. That's the issue.  
  
Cool. *Then get a fucking STi and let others with different opinions and tastes buy their Civic Type R and SHUT UP ABOUT IT.* Don't cry like a baby when you get smoked by the Civics in your STi, either.  
  
> RWD allows for better acceleration and weight distribution so don't mention Honda's engineers.  
  
Okay... but that's not the point of the Civic... It's supposed to be FWD so it can still be a great daily driver... So if it was RWD then that wouldn't make much sense, would it? No, it wouldn't. It would kill the entire purpose of the car you dumbass.  
  
Like I said and just proved even further, the engineers are obviously a shitload smarter than you, so I suggest you stop opening your mouth on the subject.
> It's a bad value and that's why it's overrated.  
  
Now you're not even trying.
We aren't talking about dealer markup we're talking about the car's ability. Stick to the topic.
So let me get this straight, the Type R is held to incredibly high standards from the get-go as it is in a market with a lot of competition. It blows away the competition, performs exceptionally and the numbers impress. On top of everything, the Type R accomplishes all of this while being front wheel drive.  
  
BUT FRONT WHEEL DRIVE? U MEAN FUCKBOI WHEEL DRIVE LMAOO.  
I know being egotistical may prevent you from realizing this, but Honda engineers are a lot smarter than you will ever be and thought this through. FWD means better fuel economy, less power loss, and 300 pounds off the curb weight. Oh, and they eliminated torque steer in a car with **295 lbs/ft of torque going straight to the front wheels.** That's pretty much never been done before.  
  
They also made the Type R Faster to 60mph than the STi which Subaru should be fucking ashamed of. A FWD Civic is faster than an AWD rally car equipped with 3 LSD's meant to make it launch like a rocket. Absolutely miserable.  
  
And it doesn't deserve hype. Why? Because /u/RS177 said so.  
  
> Civics survive because they're cheap economy cars for the average worker. That's it.  
  
No fucking shit, same as literally half the cars you see on the street. You know why? **Because companies want to appeal to the average consumer, that's how they make money.** That's a business secret they really don't want you to know.
Ah, I see what kinda person you are now. Lol civic is so stupid no torque lmao slow af.  
  
The Civic is slow, boring, basic, but it's nowhere near a trash vehicle. It's been around for 45 years and will probably stay for many more. You don't make trash for 45+ years and still thrive.  
  
Also, guess you've been living under a rock since you've apparently never heard of the SI or Type R. Two renown sports cars that are probably way more fun than whatever you drive. The Type R is practically a legend to any JDM fan. In other words, you may not like it, but there's a hell of a lot more people who *love* it.  
  
This sub is about helping others by providing objective reasoning. Not to hate on cars because it makes you feel entitled. So please, take your ignorance elsewhere.
They were speeding not even an inch away from the curb?  
Skill.
Okay, so he can't do clutch kick reverse 180 tandems into the Mickey D's parking lot every morning on his way to work, big whoop. It's still RWD, and it can still be a blast to throw around. Oh, and in rain and snow, this thing could have *half* it's horsepower and still be fun. Just because *you* don't like it doesn't mean it's trash.  
  
Also, don't call the Civic trash. It's a simple, reliable car, gets great gas mileage, and you can beat the shit out of and it'll stay strong. Plus, the people who hate on Civics the most usually drive something not much better.
Like others said, rear wheel drive and pretty good torque for its age. Beating on a civic wouldn't really be much other than some handbrake turns, whereas RWD opens a whole world of ~~bad ideas~~ fun tricks. 
This guy gets it.
Oh the straw trick, never fails
civic = cheaper to maintain  
crown vic = more fun to beat on  

So neat
My verizon iPhone 4s had a sim card and didn't have LTE
Agreed. Just reordered from NN because NR was asking ~$35 for shipping which I'm not going to pay just for a sample. But seriously, I can't find anything smoother than the Juulpod juice. They got some high quality shit. The highest I can go with NN Smooth is about 35mg before it starts to get harsh on the throat.
What's the resistance of the atty?
Idk how you didn't fry that coil in the first hit, mods don't go well with carts like that in my experience
I mean, I didn't feel an earthquake, did you?
Fuck Ricegum.
Oh he's got this, he's just gotta steer...  
  
*Doesn't steer*  
  
Shit he's gonna die  
  
*Steers a little*  
  
Oh he's got this  
  
*Door flies open*  
  
Oh... maybe he meant to do that?  
  
*Hand out of nowhere grips the door for dear life*  
  
He's gonna die.
Considering there are a lot of fake Juul pods floating the market and this site has [a very outdated image of a gen one](http://thevaporsupplier.com/image/catalog/Slider/juul-ad.jpg), I'm staying away.  
  
[Link to Juul Page](http://thevaporsupplier.com/index.php?route=product/category&path=93)  
  
Edit: /u/TheVaporSupplier clarified it was a mistake.
There's a lot of fakes out there, especially online.
Xanax so have fun dying nerds
Any drivetrain will fishtail when you swerve that hard going that fast so you can't tell from the video.
Knew it as soon as it was a YouTube link
Not really a suggestion but just remember this equation for the early 2000's models: Honda + V6 + auto + 80k miles = dead tranny. 
I'm sorry but unless you want to grow up, be an adult, and stop assuming that you know me then we aren't going to get anywhere with this, so **let's cut the bullshit and get real if you actually care about making a difference.**  
  
I rarely ever engage in conversations like this because people know I'm for full equality, anyone who knows me will agree. I mean it's hard not to be when I have family members of *all* races and colors, as well as friends, and I hope to meet many more people in my lifetime from different backgrounds than my own.  
  
You also assume all white people have some sort of need to say the n-word, dude, really? Black people are the ones saying it most of the time, where have you been? Black people can say it in passive speech regularly but the second a white person says it, they're a bigot? **Do you not see how ass backwards that is?**  
  
And you assume "nigger" is the only word of that caliber. Again, dude, really? What? That goes for anything of the same level of offense, including all the other lovely insults you mentioned.  
  
"Being black as a punchline"... again, FUCKING WHAT? Dude, my point has *nothing* to do with that. Either you're intentionally twisting my words around or you're just genuinely not understanding my point.  
  
My original point was that you can never, ever, ever stop people from being bigotted. It's a fact. Fuck em, yeah, but we can't just send them off planet Earth. So you can either live with the way things are now or, my suggestion, try to take away the words power (talking about the problem at hand, not racism as a whole). I feel like doing something is better than doing nothing, don't you?  
  
And when I say "take away the words power" I don't mean we should be screaming it from the rooftops. Black people continue to use that word in passive speech on a daily basis, so how do you expect the word to just magically disappear? And on top of that, **how the fuck can you blame white people?**  
  
Yes, I am a "white boy". A white boy with 4 nationalities and a huge family containing blacks, whites, latinos, asians, and plenty more. So I almost have to laugh every time you imply that I'm racist, "black boy".
Telling people of another race how to react to racism, duh.
Your entire argument is based on the assumption that I for some reason would take offense to the word "racist" which obviously I don't because it has no harmful meaning. And then you go on to generalize white people. **Guess what, that's racism!**  
  
People take offense to the word "racist" because they're called that over shit that isn't at all racist, which is literally what you're doing to me. Calling "RACIST" when there's no racism is just adding oil to the flame. **Guess what, you're supporting racism!**  
  
I fight hard for equality among *everyone*. In fact, this whole thread started because I shared my view on the most effective we can erase a part of racism that currently exists. You don't agree with my method, and somehow it's "racist".  
  
I want to see racism go extinct in my lifetime, but my hopes aren't high with people like you keeping it alive.
Imagine evolving for millions of years, developing tools, civilization, and the most complex thing we’ve ever made, language.....  
  
Just to have people still not realize a word only has the power that you are willing to give it. Y’all are fucking pathetic.
Okay well I'm going to have to sadly inform you that the word is, in fact, a word. Having to explain that feels like I'm instructing a toddler on how to wash their hands. If you perceive the word as harmful, I'm sorry, but it's a fucking word. You wanna rock someone in the jaw for calling you the n-word? Go for it, they're instigating it. But don't fucking bitch and moan when people use it passively and completely harmlessly.
In modern times the n-word isn't racist 9 times out of 10. That's the truth, you can get offended by it but that's your own problem. The people who say it most are, guess what, black. Unless you can be racist against your own race, it isn't racist. But here you are, a bigot turning it racist. Good job doing your part in giving racism the strength it needs to thrive! Hope you're happy.
Can I ask what you mean? I gave my 2 cents on the issue and you're allowed to give yours.
I agree the review process should be simplified, and I know what you mean, some apps bug the shit out of you with the reviews.  
  
The review system I implemented only asks when the user has used the app several times, and it always firstly asks the user if they have been enjoying the app before it asks if they'd like to review. This way it isn't a ploy to farm 5-star ratings, it's simply a genuine way to gain insight on if the users are enjoying my app.  
  
I also always add a "remind me later" button in case the user *does* enjoy the app but doesn't want to be bothered to rate at that time, in this case the app will wait at least a few days before asking again.
Well since that notification is the only type of notification this particular app ever showed, I didn't include a setting to toggle it because the user can just silence the app in their settings, a more familiar UI for the user than putting a separate settings screen in my app.
I just think there are much better ways to put an end to racism than what most are currently doing. I mean seriously how effective has it been? It's 2017 and it's alive and well. People just don't realize that racism is a bigotry, it's not something we can teach people not to be. You can't cure a racist. What you can do is make the racists powerless. It's a touchy subject so take me lightly, but for instance, we can't stop people from saying the n-word, but we *can* take away the harmful qualities that the n-word has.  
  
It is, in fact, losing its power. Nowadays 9 times out of 10 when people say it, they don't mean it in a harmful or racist way. Because it isn't harmful. It's a word. The way that some people *perceive* it is harmful. So if we can change the meaning of the word and get rid of its harmful qualities, I have faith we can eventually separate it from its horrible origins, and therefore end the hate.  
  
This is just one example, but it applies to many instances. We need to eradicate *racism*, not the things that *remind* us of racism because there will *always* be things that remind us of racism, no matter what, period.
  
**Turning something racist when it doesn't have to be is one of the main causes of modern racism.**
I agree obviously it still exists and we should be trying to put it out (not that any sort of prejudice will ever be 100% dead), but I see soooo many people trying to eliminate it all the wrong ways. Most of the efforts literally just boost racism because it gets the word out there again. It just makes me think "you really expected *that* to work?"
If ur getting knocked out it's the easiest thing ever.
Please read my edit, it clarifies that I don't make notifications for users to rate the app.  
  
I also urge you to understand just how valuable ratings are to developers. First of all, developing apps isn't easy, or else literally everyone would be doing it. Everybody seems to have a "great app idea" nowadays (take "great" with a grain of salt) but barely anyone has the skills. I work very hard on my apps but as a full-time college student already busy with a part-time job, I rarely have the time to be making apps.  
  
I've been programming since I was 11 years old and I worked very diligently to gain the knowledge and experience I have today. I'm very grateful that I have a platform to earn money from my skills, but it's not really all that much money, even with some of my apps having the 100,000+ downloads badge. On top of that, most of the money I earn goes into advertising for my apps so that I can continue to grow my user base, and the rest is saved for bills, gas, etc.  
  
Small time devs like me aren't doing this for the money, we do it because it only costs time and devotion to create products that thousands or even hundreds of thousands of users enjoy, and that's what we love to do.  
  
I wouldn't have taken the time write this if I didn't mean every word of it. So please, the next time you're asked to review an app, understand that your 30 seconds to rate that app does make a difference on that developer's ability to continue making apps you and many others enjoy.
I just finished a bottle of Nude Nicotine Smooth, you think I should reorder that or go with nicotine river? 
Very true. Not easy getting your apps to shine among the millions and millions of others. But the notification I mentioned wasn't asking the user to rate, it was just telling the user that the app found content they might like.  
  
On behalf of other devs, thanks for your understanding.
To clarify, the notification wasn't reminding them to rate the app, I only ever ask users to rate the app if they're currently in the app, never with a notification. The notification was to alert the user that the app found content that they may find interesting and a bug caused the app to show that notification a lot more than it should have on only some devices.
I'm an app developer and one time I accidentally released an app that contained a bug where on *some* devices it would notify you like every hour instead of every day. Felt like shit bc I know consumers hate that, as do I. Patched that bitch up real quick.  
  
Edit: The notification wasn't asking the user to rate the app, it was used to notify the user when the app found content they may like. It was part of the purpose of the app as a whole, not to beg for ratings.
Exist.
I mean... Men do suffer from this more often but like... This is exaggerated.
Had the Juul first and loved it and still do. Probably the best pod system out there. But eventually, the high nicotine started to bother me. It was too much, especially in the morning, it would make me so drowsy. Also I dab marijuana concentrates daily so the high nicotine would keep sobering me up. I tried some ZiiP pods with the lower nic but those pods burned after a few hits, so no good. Plus, Mango was the only flavor I truly liked from Juul.  
Then I discovered the Bo. Pods are only 35mg nic, less expensive, and contain *a lot* more juice. Also I loved the flavors that the Bo offered. Kiwiberries Ice is my shit. Considering the battery lasts so much longer than the Juul I barely even think about charging. The overall manufacturing quality of the Bo doesn't quite match that of the Juul, but all things considered, the Bo is much more practical for me.
As a Bo and Juul owner, only the Bo does this. Juul has never fired unless I'm drawing from it but the Bo has at times. No real solution other than draw gently and never blow into it.  
And we seriously need a subreddit for Bo.
As for the cursor, that's intentional. It makes the text appear more centered in the address bar by elevating it a few pixels.
If you purchased it legally you can just convert it...
That dog is likely the spawn of generations after generations of inbreds... poor thing.
Go get something done. It can be anything, small or big, just get something done that you've been wanting to. Or cook yourself a meal you love. Or maybe just enjoy nature somewhere. You can be better my friend. Be strong.
This is laughable to most but the reality is this happens multiple times per hour *on a normal day.* I'm doing a three hour shift in a bit, I'll try to write up a tally.
Name checks out.
So do all the french stoners just say 80
I'm so glad this is the first thing I saw after ripping a dab the last 10 seconds killed me
Keep in mind anything higher than the 50mg that's in the Juul is gonna be harsh and affect the taste, and you'll just become tolerant to it eventually.
I like the tight airflow on the JUUL, feels more close to a cigarette that way. That aside, this is still a neat trick.
It got to the point where I would blame myself for *everything*. Literally, she could make anything my fault, even if it was hers, and I would just accept it. It was so bad I ended up apologizing in tears for not being good enough when *she* cheated on me. I was in a really fucked up mental state and had no idea just how bad it was. At least I've learned from it.
Either way, just happy that this subreddit hasn't turned into some one-sided shit.
It makes me happy when the top comment challenges the post in some way. It's comforting knowing that a lot of redditors here can push their biases aside to focus on real issues.
I knew this girl from work. I could tell she had found a real winner when he offered me the generous choice of $20 (in cash or in weed) for getting the full name of another male employee at our workplace to make sure it wasn't some guy she used to know like 5 years ago. It wasn't a one-time thing either. He would pester me about it going on and on the different ways he can pay me for the favor. Literally psychotic.
Ohh i see, thanks
These are just the pictures from the dealer so I don't know when they were taken - so why would the Perrin logo be on there if that's stock?
/r/juul is a great place to go for advice on the subject
The Juul is a great device for people like you. It's the closest feeling to an actual cigarette that I've experienced the many different vapes I've used. For when you have those cravings only a cigarette will satisfy, I promise that the Juul will take care of you if you let it. The Juul uses nicotine salts, a form of nicotine that is absorbed much faster than what traditional vapes use, therefore giving that cigarette feeling. It's very simple to use, and although more expensive than alternative devices, it's certainly cheaper than cigarettes.
The reason I ask is because it has a Perrin front mount intercooler, and I'm curious if anything else is aftermarket https://images.craigslist.org/00f0f_aUS0sJnGlOw_600x450.jpg
*female*
If you can, try some super lemon haze. I just got some concentrate and holy sh*t is it fun, nothing like the hybrids I'm used to. Plus you can stay awake and enjoy it.
This is more than likely just a mistake on the developer's behalf.
Just strong lack of appetite most of the time. Most people think I'm too thin. I agree but there's nothing more I can really do about it.
I've eaten 3 meals a day since monday.
I love vaporwave and there's plenty more like me out there, keep this stuff coming!
It would hurt their sales, and remember, customer satisfaction isn't ever a company's first priority.
I've come to realize that everyone lies, but what they lie about is what matters. Tiny lies, like how much cake you really had in one sitting last night, don't really matter to me. But lies that can potentially hurt someone aren't okay.
They don't want you getting off the nicotine, or else they'd already have more options by now.
Physics is hard.
I love how calmly he says "They just lost the tailgate."
I'm sad that so many people are gonna miss this
On the flip side, if you are the one who ends up with the burden, just pick the fastest option to avoid the decision making.
The only difference in ingredients for the e-liquid is that it contains benzoic acid for a stronger "nic-buzz", which appears to be fine for consumption from what I have researched.
It was always PM for me, but like others are saying, with Twitter and Instagram at the forefront of social media they were able to rename it.
I'm a cashier at a grocery store. One time we had an inspection agent from corporate come in disguised as a customer to monitor employee behavior. It's pretty common practice. Of course, the agent happened to come in the day this one female employee, who treated the job like social hour since day 1, was quite literally stuffing her face with Mallomars in front of customers. I even saw the agent's report and it said "she had so much food in her mouth I couldn't even understand her."  
  
A few weeks later, **no more food or water allowed on the registers**, only in the manager's office. If you need a drink, wait for a lull in customers and briefly go to the office. Employee mentioned earlier is still employed.  
  
Fast forward a year. New computers and other tech set up in the manager's office. No more food or drink allowed in the office because it's a hazard. **Hungry? Thirsty? Either wait until you go home or have a break.**  
  
Of course the employee at fault for all this quit a while back so she doesn't even get to see how bad she f*cked things.
I found one of those when I was on a cruise a few weeks ago. Thinking about using it for THC oils. Just thought I'd share.
^^^^^
"New used"
He can't
Been there my friend. Don't feel the need to change unless you personally want to, and if you do it doesn't necessarily mean eating *less*, just eating different.
That's been the case for the better part of this year, and probably well before that. Took 2 weeks for me back in March.
Mazdaspeed3
Been vaping for 4+ years (Juul for about 6 months) and I'm right there with you, I never get a craving so bad that I can't control it. I never wake up craving nicotine. I think the withdrawal symptoms are much more caused by the things they load cigarettes with. The majority of my friends who juul are the same way.
[I have a unique drift missile.](https://youtu.be/ExN76hAiiFI?t=15s)
> the Tom Cruise of ~~nerds~~ *proud virgins*
[His face is entirely symmetrical.](http://i.imgur.com/kZ1ZY1v.gif)
This just happened https://imgur.com/gallery/Vag2u
Happens to me all the time. I stopped saying anything and I just put the item back later. If you don't understand how a conveyor belt works then you don't deserve that jar of queso.
I have never driven either but I have done tremendous amounts of research on both vehicles. Personally, I'd probably choose the G37. I feel that the luxury features and better handling of the G37 are much more desirable for most than the Mustang's powerhouse of a V8. That's really what it comes down to. The Mustang is slightly faster than the G37 in a straight line. To me, it seems the G37 has the edge.
Don't know of any fix for that, at that point I'd go straight to Pax support. From what I hear they're very understanding. 
P.S - love the username
Aftermarket clutch manufacturers must have designed this parking lot.
How do you get out of that spot
The surface area & resistance of the coil and max power output of the batteries.
Where have you been?
Never had any problems, owned for 6 months now.
I work in retail. Not the first time someone tried returning a product after eating most of it claiming it was "inedible." Funny how that works, isn't it.
Don't downvote this guy, he speaks the truth.
This seems like the most fun cardio workout ever.
That's good to hear. Sounds like the owners are always happy with them. How many miles are on yours and have you encountered any major problems?
Very true, AWD is more of a want than a need. I get a good amount of snow during the winter but so far FWD has gotten me through 90% of it. I also wanted it for the handling, but I can imagine it not being very different unless I'm giving it hard acceleration or braking.
RX8 is beautiful but I can't daily drive a RWD car where I live unfortunately. If I could, I absolutely would.
As for the Fiesta ST I personally don't like it being so small and light. I know it handles very nicely, but it's just not what I'm looking for.
That's the thing, while I have no doubt the cars you mentioned are great fun, I definitely want to upgrade from what I currently have as far as power & torque. The MS3's insane torque really caught my eye.
I have faith that the WRX will last, given it wasn't beaten on or modded. Now finding one that wasn't beaten on or modded is the real challenge.
Very true, but the extra torque is what caught my eye. It's a big difference. The Mazda is also lighter than my current car.
I've been looking for 06-07 or 2011-2014 models, WRX or STI at or less than 75k miles. Even still, so far it's been impossible to find them under 13k without any major problems.  
I have considered at all the cars you mentioned, but for me, RWD won't work as a daily driver (as much as I love it.) I'm *okay* with FWD, given enough power. The SI and ST don't really cut it for me, I want a little more power than my current V6 that makes 240 hp / 212 tq.  
I've had my eye on the Mazdaspeed3. I feel like the extra 23 hp and 68 lb/ft of torque would definitely be an upgrade and would be a much less expensive alternative to the WRX without sacrificing the fun.  
I wanted to get away from FWD, but the more I look at it, the WRX market isn't great and they are sold for far more than they're worth. I'd be getting a much better value from the Mazdaspeed3.
Yeah, salvage. Not something I'd want for a DD.
Oh god... not linked lists
How do you like that mod?
Smoke your own and let them smoke theirs. If one of them opens their mouth, tell them you're saving money. If a 19-21 year old thinks that's uncool, they can certainly f*ck off.  
I have coworkers who I smoke with who spend every dime they make on weed / alcohol, I don't even keep half of what I make (bills n shit, yo), and I spend almost nothing on my own herb / concentrates. Let them go broke.
My insurance said a stock 2011 WRX (not an STI) would be $4000 a year. Total bullsh*t.
Can you show me that listing? I've been looking for months and from what I've seen the only time a 2015 would get that low in price is if it's a salvage, and usually a salvage is even more expensive than that
Where on earth are WRX's with 30k miles sold under 15k??? Around me that would go for at least 20k+
So what would a decent mileage be?
speed of their car + speed of the other car = one hell of an impact
Damn... I really want to know just how bad his parents had to f*ck up for him to turn out that way.
Could be, a lot of men just hate shopping and aren't good at it. I get about 5 women a day coming in for one thing because their husband forgot to get it when they came in an hour ago.
Very true. Could've been a lot worse.
They "can't keep their store organized" because uptight priss b*tches like herself put their shit back wherever they can find a spot and not where it actually belongs.
What sources?
Open diff RWD? Foolproof.
“I saw this man with my daughter in his hands walking toward the parking lot. What would you do? I wanted to kill him.”  
Well, *I* certainly wouldn't jump straight to homicide.
I'm looking for a 2011-2013 WRX right now and these things are so marked up. What were they asking and what did the odometer read?
I couldn't wrap my head around this for years and just now decided to write a script to prove it wasn't true. Or... is true. I didn't really know what to expect.  
Ended up proving myself wrong (it was true, of course), but at least now I understand why.  
In case anyone wants to take a look https://pastebin.com/GF48XbQr
At least it didn't split in half.
I don't mind that there are people out there who wish to mutilate their genitalia.  
*I just really want to know why.*
Well that's RAM, and intended to run on a much, much different OS and architecture. Remember that the firmware of the device is probably going to already take up the majority of available storage. So if you want to be undetectable and still allow the device to function, you really haven't got a lot of room to work with.
A few people have been saying this but what you don't understand is that the amount of storage is so small that even the instructions to download something are likely too large to store on the device. That is what prevents this from working.
I understand that but I feel like that's still very unlikely
Yeah that's the only way it's possible.
Technically this isn't impossible. It's farfetched, but not impossible.  
  
If a hacker were able to get their hands on a mod that allows firmware updating, they could theoretically flash the firmware with a custom one that can infect your computer when you plug in your mod to charge. This would be extremely difficult. Even if you have the skills to write the custom firmware, you have to make the "infected" part of the firmware fit on the very, very small storage of the mod, which is a matter of kilobytes.  
  
But the "add a malicious chip" is complete horsesh*t. How is someone going to steal your device, open up the casing, insert a "chip" (really specific), seal it back up, and return it to where it was without being caught?
Great, even longer wait times
If you have anything that means a lot to you, back it up.
Mine are the right way around and people still hit the wrong one half the time.
Umm... the f*ck is this?
I thought this was a perfect loop for a second
Thank god someone f*cking said it. People have gone so far they think they can have opinions on facts. And when they're called out, the snarky "well that's MY opinion" comes out. Makes you realize just how entitled people can think they are.