this is seriously sexy
im just gonna walk with my wrist facing out. 
i find her voice so attractive
Thats what you get
1 month later and still no one has mentioned it!
If you are getting booted into the install screen you can erase all partitions and reinstall os x from there
i love Tessa
im a bit confused by what youve said. you have an OS but don't? Boot into Internet Recovery by holding down Command+Option+R when booting. For others to help it would also be helpful to know your computer specs
Very Very nice
Filter
body is still smokin! not so sure about the lighting on her face though
still hot
there is a simple way which you can bypass all those steps. headphones with a jack
my god it is great to see those boobs in action
god damn
if you log into the guest account does the same thing happen? if no maybe use Cocktail to delete all browser cache for your account.
really like the glow
it really doesnt match the rest of the palette 
this woman is so attractive
thank you!
yes?
[Bigger](https://imgur.com/a/Zm5MC)
i mostly just like the software
thats a damn nice bike

i remember seeing her for the first time. found a small collection but sorry wont share. downvote me
i like kristen stewart and Twilight is a guilty pleasure
this got me hard
2,1
that wallpaper is is fucking sexy
this may be the best titty drop ive ever seen
a little clutter is always more interesting. 
nope
3
wow those are so juicy
i like kristen stewart and Twilight is a guilty pleasure. 
i used to use ghostery for several years until i just ended up stopping about a year ago. Been using Adguard Pro since then. it says it does privacy protection. Not sure how well really... Otherwise that is my extent  
Edit: t
She says she cant go out with me anymore because I’m not Latvian Orthodox
i love this look
oh hey thats my fiancee too
im curious to know your definition for other styles
um thats not you....
the smiles always get lost
Amazing! glad ive been introduced to Kornel
a realistic tour that i sometimes forget the meaning of
bless you my child
A Magical Bosom. when did it come out?
that carpet looks really nice to walk on lol
you didnt even understand what HTML5 was and youre asking for specifics about a web browser...
My first comment was adequate to the question proposed. I also have no problems with it. I only wish Safari supported more html5 technologies compared to other browsers. It's like i drive a car and it works great but i wouldnt mind it having a supercharger. 
using Safari go to [html5test.com](http://html5test.com). View your score and the long list below of supported and unsupported technologies. Then using Chrome and or Firefox do the same thing.Compare results. If you are more curious. Google each technology listed below.
referring to how many HTML5 technologies Safari supports
nothing really. except just more HTML5
thug as fuck
dont laugh. Bing 5:4 aspect ratio and scroll down a page.  
edit: images
ive had all three. Speedy. Street and currently 675. Speedy was my first of the 3 and a BIG mistake lol. Too much power to start off on lol. The Street is a very pleasing bike to ride. It feels Natural. At 5'8" my body position on it was locked in like it was custom made. Then... i saw my first 675r. Test rode it and was hooked. Would not have thought a 675cc bike would perform the way they do. Three cylinders able to redline at 15k feels fantastic and sounds Amazing!. 
this
um you were cute.
wow the saturation 
all im getting is a bad vibe...
i find these pics more interesting
classic beauty
for the sake of all men AND some women, please continue posting
i share their sentiment. I love soft glow. Where did you get the lights?
why do people say "leader"?
the download will be in teh App folder
seriously not even bad. at least you were smiling back then
man thats hawt
thank you for sharing!
i luv her either way
try pressing 'Tab to highlight the 'trust' option next time and pressing Spacebar to accept the choice
i missed your smile
dood this is so fucking awesome
will upvote every time
https://gfycat.com/SophisticatedTidyAiredale
[This was mine for a long time](https://imgur.com/a/tdIEm)
dang dude nice transformation!
Im only waiting 7 minutes.... tops.
[r/rbiggerthanyouthought](https://www.reddit.com/r/BiggerThanYouThought/)  Those are seriously awesome
what if i told you we could add a simple chord to those headphones and youd never have to worry about batteries again!!
dat smirk at the end
folder on the top left. i feel you
have you tried just "forget this device"?
that is a killer bod
https://gfycat.com/MatureWaterloggedKilldeer
Also for the 8?
source please!
it's weird but i agree
should definitely be fine. I would make a time machine backup just in case though. 
refurb 15" 2015 MBP is what i bought last year after my 2011 took a dump. has plenty of ports and an HDMI for his ability to connect to TVs
maybe he would be better off with buying a refurb 2015 MBP? https://www.apple.com/shop/browse/home/specialdeals/mac/macbook_pro
ive never seen this before either!
i believe it's Interest Rate of fire is 2000.85%
these fucking hips!! https://imgur.com/a/rBNk2
missed those i guess
This. I would almost go with the base Macbook but the step up with the i5 will probably last you a few more years.
this is breathtaking
Yep
your makeup is on point
not a single hazard light was on
let me be clear and say i love Triumph. I just instantly thought of South Park when i saw this
https://goo.gl/pKXtyd
you are freaking beautiful!!
it must be really cold out
every time i see your body it's like im seeing it for the first time
dayum!
This is all you need to do. I did the same thing with my 2011 15" MBP and it was like new!
i find it very satisfying seeing other peoples desk mess. 
hmm weird
maybe he doesnt eat a lot of veg?
hold my lake im going in
that was actually a big way i found out cool new songs
alot of it was like ggw
that top 8 kept the drama up
if i could craft a body out of marble
one of my absolute faves
we should just have a stock photo that everyone uses for this type of post
try re-indexing spotlight
i think the user name was furreddot. She deleted her profile shortly after posting the album
this is perfection right here
he looks like one of those fucking polo cologne models i always hate
gtfo
i never use safari fullscreen so i had to replicate your experience. It happens really fast. I would say this is certainly a bug. I am on 10.12.6
they look awesome but the shot is a bit too tight
i love mini itx and landscapes!
Agreed! also it would be cool if the health and mana were cpu and ram usage or something
those tits are other worldly
next to your mouse pad
a bit closer to me would be nice
that is beautiful
first looking at the pic i thought u were running Parallels or something to have Windows on the other monitors
dem boobs and those EYES!
God Damn!
is that a sponge
you have a bright future ahead
my god these boobs are absolute perfection!
switching between browser windows? I didnt know you could swipe on the trackpad to do that in Chrome.
ikr!
Good. 
holy shit
i love close ups! you can see all the pixels and text in their real form
I thought she had a friendly smile too
her face is just as hot too
not that his skin is even bad
the haircut helped a lot
you just need to format the entire disk
you as a toddler were cute. 
It does indeed. it is arguably the best adblocker extension.
really gonna need more
really need more
ikr
i miss the 17". It was a true Desktop replacement with the ability to take wherever you needed it.
Ace
Yea, take your top off!!
super attractive
this exactly

that body is obviously from another world!
it doesnt involve creating life either.
Mm those nipples
God Bless!
workt he lighting and angles and show off how hot your bod is
was gonna say how sexy her mouth was!
Amazing! i havent seen this before :)
i still love the setup
is that Slendermans chair?
car displays...... i wouldnt care how nice they are. i dont want most controls more than 1 click away
if we could get an API that even lets us take all our separate characters and meld them into one! Switching characters would be like switching gear sets. Show detailed info of people have equipped. Makes insta-booting them from parties much easier that way. On my drive home i want to be able to log onto my phone and get everything set up so that when i get to my xbox all i have to do is pull the trigger.
lolol it's funny because the guy has no love life and hates his job!!! hahaha. why would that be funny...
Wow your dad is tall!
probably all came from the internet
Julia is totally hot but i still think Rio has the best tits
something is affecting your safari. Also try using Ublock Origins. It is now available for Safari and it is Exceptional. never used translate extension. Otherwise i only use Safari because i think it is subjectively better. Otherwise something has to be affecting your Safari. It should be very fast and smooth.
since you had braces it would have been welcoming with a smile
 I'd like to share a revelation that I've had during my time here. It came to me when I tried to classify your species and I realized that you're not actually mammals. Every mammal on this planet instinctively develops a natural equilibrium with the surrounding environment but you humans do not. You move to an area and you multiply and multiply until every natural resource is consumed and the only way you can survive is to spread to another area. There is another organism on this planet that follows the same pattern. Do you know what it is? A virus. Human beings are a disease, a cancer of this planet. You're a plague and we are the cure
that profile though!
daaaaammmnnnn
im so in love with this picture. The character of your desk space along with the framing and lighting. 
when i see you smile, i see a ray of light! ohhhhh
i would marry you so fast
oh an oldie
i like it. but its getting under my skin that the picture is quite centered. still like it though!
count me in
its a shame Love Shack is gone
dayum girl
ive thought this so many times. The way i explain this reasoning to everyone is by telling them "what if i sold this to you the other way around by saying 'What if i could sell you a product 10x cheaper, you dont have to charge it, it works universally and all you have to do is add a small cable'". 
absolute perfection
i thought it was the name of the pillow
thank you for this!
holy smokes you are cute
this is sex
see you tomorrow
20 points for Ravenclaw
no objections 
i get off
hawt
the rest of that body is fucking incredible as well!
holy shit i was pleasantly surprised by those tits
God is good
agreed. There are several things to cause a failed start up and for a first aid to fail. Please let us know what happens when you try those suggestions.
Rio has the best tits imo
i want to leave a reply but cant think of one
Silver
not disappointed 
[u/jaylee_kryss](https://www.reddit.com/user/jaylee_kryss/submitted/) and her breasts are absolute perfection
dayum
that is one spectacular body
Girls get our hopes up all the time. whats the diff?
ERR
welp the search is over for me now
those tits are insane
Hello there, ShortHairedHottie would be more clever
[Here you go!](https://imgur.com/a/Hz8jY)
gonna need more please 
im speechless
Legit
indeed
too cute
Must know name. I have a science report to finish
wow that wallpaper looks even better in person!
those are amazingly shaped boobs and nipples
i support this comment
super attractive 
those are big but Rio's are a perfect large and size
Would not pull out/10
best tits by far
the one site that had it doesnt anymore... video code is SNIS-048 though
im missing her like candy
do we have an Autumn and Spring Zooey
What's a 'Thing'?
Yow!
[Yep](https://www.reddit.com/r/uglyduckling/comments/62zcpb/14_to_my_19th_birthday_grew_up_a_little_bit/)
jesus
have you heard of the App Cocktail? it has an option in it that sets the 'Delete' key as the back button in Safari. Just maybe it may have an affect for what you want.
fuckin perfect
holy cow!
amazing nipples
awesome! thanks for the info
also the Synology software is top notch and so is their service and knowledge base
THIS! i have a synology. 8 10TB HDD's of glorious space :) :)
no extra options checked
10.13.2 on both. Safari 11.0.2 13604.4.7.1.3 on both
that torso is perfectly petite
she will be beautiful till the day she dies
uh yeaaa
i think you may be on some hard drugs
God bless you
this is some high quality
that gif has to be massive in filesize
he said he had it for a week and wasnt able to tell us anything we didnt already know
this is not the behavior on either of my macs. safari takes me back to the search results
doesnt revert on my macbook or imac
i actually think she was cuter before
this and looking at your other posts.. Youre insanely attractive 
sorry man but i cant think of what else you could do to fix this
that body!
lord almighty
have you added any extra external drives? if not have you tried running disk utility first aid on the partitions? may wanna try that
thought this was milana vayntrub
it only takes long if you hold the option key?
if that was to say 12:19 could you confuse it for 12:18?
would marry
you installed them on the windows partition or the mac partition?
ill take a laptop with my trackpad please
after this 10.13.2 update several graphical ive had are gone and some others too. So pretty goo dnow 2012 imac and 2015mbp
soooo good lookin
i feel you
you could add it yourself
yep did that. turns out it was my adblocker breaking it... my bad
are those chairs comfortable??
if it were me i would just keep Console open and then when the sound happens again, see what is causing it.
showing invalid link for me
Lanazoid
agree. for me i was fine for 5 days straight then the 6th and 7th day i didnt get out of bed... it'll pass and you'll be thankful!
ya and this was taken with a real camera too. ppl dont have those nowadays OP
ill pass on a "Real Housewives"
made me more mad than him running from the cops
ive never run anti-virus. only ever used Adguard pro
i agree with all this except i hate the new arrow keys. having the half sized left and right is essential to me since i use them so often. easier to know your place 
do people not realize this is what happens when we have too many people on this earth to feed 
ohh i really like this!
it has a very large battery
wow!
i think we could make a cohesive bond
with those tits it's worth looking for more
ive been calling my senator
lord almighty
need more! for the people
except Darth Krayt. He was the only Sith to proclaim The Rule of One and rule under it. 
honestly made me smile back
this is a wonderful pic
against the first two rules.
first thing i would do is run First Aid from disk utility. Seeing as you backed up all your data you should check the disk asap. This literally happened to me just a month ago. Only i thought a disk may be going bad and i decided to run First Aid before backing it up and then First Aid found errors and couldnt repair it and then i couldnt access the disk anymore.
dont forget the paint covered overalls 
Ricos Roughnecks!
you are on another lvl of cute!
/u/avocadospaceblaster.  [album](https://imgur.com/a/13CX9)
hmm, my thought is it's either a dock issue which you could just 'killall Dock' in terminal when it happens again to see if it fixes it or a finder issue. in which case restarting Finder may fix it. If none of that then maybe clearing out the Finder cache.
wow the x-rays my doctor has been showing me are only black and white

they teach you this in infantry school
they tried a little... it's been flipped.
same here. Though not a journalist, i buy and sell Tier 1 and 2 BW and tag absolutely everything. Before i graduated and got my job i didnt know the usefulness of tags...
[bigger](https://imgur.com/a/tCTku)
setting a different wallpaper to different desktops DOES NOT go away after a reboot. 
i wish girls still dressed like this
she has a very pleasant face
yea, gonna need a name
cute but dumb
and it was actually taken at 11:43 PM
they are all alike......
i agree. right side is pretty but left is comfortable and without a care in the world
it shouldnt do that. what wallpaper does it default to? a re-install of the os would prolly fix the issue. Just reboot, hold option, load into the recovery partition and re-install the ox. It wont change any of your files. It just installs the os again.
wont cars do more and more the further they get developed? Just like a word processing computer back in the day to windows, linux and os x. The more they end up doing the more chances for errors.
yea but we dont have robots that can perform as vast amount of different abilities as humans.
holy shit those tits are awesome
looks like a magazine ad. pretty cool
how are you towering above the curtain rod
def need source!
shoulda got a crossword puzzle to do instead
Pawn Stars
My all time favorite
FTV Charlotte
not a single piece of skin on that body is not smooth and toned
this is everything to a T. VLC has been out for forever and it still is slow on OS X. I hard switched to IINA a couple months ago
Lord your ass is sublime too!
You rock every look
dig the wallpaper
yep
fake. exilevilify
mother of god
must. have. more.
you're all so high
i cant help these people being injured and killed. might as well film them.
Spectacular body!
oh my perfection
veronica belmont
you'd be more safe.
from the archives
yea try the guest account thing first. Rules out anything that you may have installed affecting finder. 
r u still running the last version of RES? if so, disable it cuz it's crap
what are you doing when Finder crashes? os version? what do you have activated in iCloud drive? have you tried turning it off? have you tried making a guest account and seeing if finder still crashes?
you have all the processors covered here lol
sounds like a bug to me
you are scary perfect
I had an issue like this and couldnt figure it out for the longest time. Then one day i moved half my mail messages from the archive folder to my inbox. Just because i was randomly trying different things to solve the problem. That fixed it lol. For me i have 2 mail accounts active in MAIL. Only one account was having the issue while the other was not.
a golden oldie
damn. that shit's whack
im not sure it is
this sucks. ive been staring at this for 22 mins and it hasnt changed!
Here [you go](https://imgur.com/a/PuHVc)
That movie is actually pretty darn good too
definitely need moar!
insane album. Thank you!
rio is the best
Perfection
gimme more please!
someone else posted the same story by another article. The bugs were all fixed. So by this test, Safari doesnt have these bugs anymore
> which has exposed 17 now-patched bugs in Safari  
  
So Safari is 0?
resolution best downvote one
THIS. Victory bikes were all sexy. 
hot af
i was pretty sad too when this man sold an amazingly rare piece of history instead of cherishing it
sweet setup! strange place for the mac pro though
tight
i thought that was a photo for a second!
ive had no problems of the sort. open youtube in a guest account and see what happens
wow she gained weight?
Triumph really raised the bar on these
in the name of all that is perfect
He's right. They come standard on formula 1 cars
ya my first thought was 25
my heart just melted
cheers!
Heres a [bigger version](https://gfycat.com/JoyfulAnimatedBlowfish)
ditto!
ILF
this is by far my favorite adblocker for ios and os x. it's phenomenal 
these new Striples are so high quality. The new dash is better than anyones
cuz OP didnt. [u/Rhettal](https://www.reddit.com/user/rhettal/submitted/)
wow you are crazy good lookin
you are soooo friggin cute
i would not have guessed this was the same person 
i like that back glow
whoah! lucky you
daaammn that is sexy
damn that look
gonna need to see that video
flashback saturday 
your skin looks amazing
yow
yow
haaaawt
there is no way to know that
600 downvotes is more impressive
that is a stellar booty
perfect!
amazing bod
10 years ago?
i wouldnt get anything done...
your face almost looks like a different person compared to you other photo
be sure to share the facts
got my first Triumph 3 years ago and i wont stray
Carla Cugino was primo back then
love this
this is the correct response
not a wrinkle in that ass!
you are astonishingly cute
watching Julia eat pizza is rather enjoyable 
who is top right!
Source for the good of man!
definitely 
what am i forgetting
that thing is cleeeaaaannn
please verify and post more <3
terminal lance
the last version works just fine
you poor soul
that is damn good looking
i am into emo girls
she honestly hurts
i hope she is actively considering this
Oh i absolutely changed those ricky tick
i friggin love my 675R. Those bikes eat up the turns! my one and only complaint ever is the LED display.
OH Sherrie, now im in Love!
noire
cute
I dont understand why societies view has to be changed. Why can't her view be changed and she be happy. 
The important question. Probably wont get an answer...
>More to look at  

when the Indian is blocking half the Octane you're right  
  Edit: format
please dont remind me that Victory is no more...
including me?
you are insanely cute! also sweet fitbit
buuut, the ui is vastly smoother to VLC
i want to be able to open multiple instances!!!!!
you are the worst kind of smite player
nope
pretty sure she'd be hawt no matter what
loved her since day 1
hawt
sexy af
just incredible
must have source for science 
her body is redonkulous
u should put a bird feeder out there
Natural Nekane
total fox
Rios breasts are the breast
data visualization makes me hard
slick
Ahhmazing!
dam she hot
needz moar!
that bike looks Fierce
gorgeous 
this is the only reason i like him, and thats good enough for me.
hell yea! ive done 2k miles on my '15 DaytonaR
lord almighty
totally surprised!! cuz this totally isnt in the top 6
bless you
good memories
the drop in refresh rate applies to all macs and not just macbooks
blow my eardrums...
sweet backdrop
me like!
Onatop
i like the vertical
those are some amazing titties
dem are some perfect titties
heres [me at Tail of the Dragon](http://imgur.com/a/Fd7VG) last year
damn fine bike
these new Striples are so dope
yow!
really loving that boob, and the other one
thats the reason it got my upvote
yes
Sexy as F
exquisite pair
ill venture to guess Tail of the Dragon
lord almighty
gorgeous! but dem brows
no doubt
perfect example
face looks the same tho...
i appreciate it :)
holy jamma lamma
seriously need more
your body is incredible!!
i second this
i love Neve
im voting for a closeup of your eyes 
id like to see that smile
scroll down the sub just a bit and give the other posters credit
i love those kind of wallpapers. whered you get yours?
that's A+
my goodness i love your face
a slap on the ass and a good game.
dam thats a tight body
bend u over in public
that ass is flawless!
Spectacular
must have more
dam this is a nice one
those r the sexiest kind of nipples
Lordy
would someone NOTE her name please?
who the hell cares....
well this way you will always have a backup browser ready if needed!
i REALLY  like that color
RemindMe! One Month
Interesting. Do you have Safari Technology Preview installed? If not [Link](https://developer.apple.com/safari/technology-preview/). If it runs on STP it may be a new bug for Safari that isnt affecting STP. If this is the case my only recommendation is to use STP as the default browser for time being. You can do this by going to System Preferences>General
hey i live up Indy way. Awesome bike! Great pic!
that dress is an eyesore. good thing she has that face
exactly. you have a job to do and they want you to do it as efficient for the company as possible. 
is she having sex with a bear? 
they put the money into their machines
this right here. solid
this is what you do; talk to her. get to know her some. once the two of you have been talking and you feel the vibe, have her "accidentally" discover the drawing. Then, uncork her and pork her. slam dunk, slam dunk
i'd like to know this as well as every since 10.12.4 mail has been quirky 
swoooon
dat bubble
this is literally like #12 in the top
I just bouht my first pair of M50x and i absolutely love them!
im doing research on genetics and i need to know who this is please 
and her hair, and that neck line! dear lord
i wonder what it's like to be this hot
dat hip to waist ratio. BUT-TER face
this is my favorite Apple laptop. So much stuffed into that form factor
ive been trying to find out who she was for a long time. Thank You!
this woman is ridiculously attractive
Luca Hollestelle [I think](https://www.instagram.com/lucahollestelle/?hl=en)
u lucky sob
ive always thought the same
DSLs
Heavenly 
I was having a bad day... Thank you for the lift!
when they were magsafe i somewhat considered it worth it. now that they arent. it's a ripoff
that was also the best designed magsafe
I'm liking the comments here. Im on my second Triumph. First '13 Speedy and for 2 years a '15 675R. Not a single issue with either. Triumph is quality. If this is the bike you want go for it! learn how to do the basic upkeep. You'll be happier and love it even more. 
we should all starta  GoFundMe for this guy
wow that photographer brought out a whole other look to her eyes
sometimes im not so sure about her face..
This woman is so incredibly beautiful
best on Earth
Aaa-mazing
Speedies are soooo much fun
hypnotizing
i need more please
Emily Blunt?
lord almighty 
i open up the Instagram page and i see all these beautiful women and... 1 man
amazing ass!
my goodness she is beautiful 
oh hey it's me! i like how mine got deleted and i almost got banned for this but now i see it here again.....
beautiful
Our .44 Magnum
Agreed. I would have liked to hear a nice British voice over it. 
Cameron is a god
looks like nekane
she hasnt aged!
Polaris made a bad call stopping them
im more impressed with that face
those lips
my perspective. You are super cute. For some reason, maybe how it's pushed to the side? idk... but im given a boyish feel. Perhaps that is your goal. Still though, super cute.
the second thing i noticed
the best
#13!!
i really like the plants... and everything as a whole.
at first glance it looked like a motorcycle cop sitting next to a statue
that is sexy af
those pants and your body are hot af
Man... that gui design was so good
pre operation is a good thing
ping your router. does it happen there? traceroute both 8.8 and 4.2. ping each hop separately to see if they drop packets. repeat until you find the location causing it.
a '15 Speedy was my first sport bike. it was AWESOME but i had to get rid of it cuz it was too much for a first sport bike. Note: i had 2 cruisers before it.
this is good to know. thanks!
my jaw literally just dropped
cant really explain it... but it's goood :)
Miss
i love your vibe
*STUNNED*
nice jacket
u look like TSwift
dont remind me...
....i cant remember what i was doing
i agree
oh man... well Yosemite is when they made a big design chnage. It continued into Capitain and Sierra. 
RemindMe! 10/26/2017
the new ones are super fucking awesome! they did a really good job
Tiiighhht

if you are wanting to go to Yosemite i would suggest going one step further to El Capitan. I found it much better. With the recent update, Sierra has become much better. I'm still not sold on it though. 
super freakin cute
well, it looks like the computer it's trying to connect to has a BSOD
an American hasn't had a sixpack in 30+ years
i kind of wish your bike wasnt in the picture
factotum
mine doesnt seem to do this. if i understand correctly
after all these years i finally see more!
i had to zoom out to fit those on my screen!
Apple fixed the Safari issue in less than..... oh wait
do u get a lot of animation lag with that setup?
this picture is perfectly themed in "Red"
i need more of her in my life
u should put your icons on the table
"hey man how much bandwidth do you have?" - "5ghz bruh!" - "Whoooahh"
i'd like to volunteer for the reproduction project on the Red Planet
Exactly! this actually made me happy seeing a seventh beta. I want this update to come out Very Soon but there are many bugs in Sierra that i will wait to get fixed properly.
please sir, i'd like some more
**YOUR POST SUCKS** the fat out of me and keeps me doing keto
wheres your gear squid
is someone capable of photoshopping the earring out?
from the small image i thought it was some obscure apple logo
[here you go](https://jav.archives.ml/SNIS-048/SNIS-048.mp4)
my heart can only beat so fast
how often do you see each other?
the good ol days
i cant wait to see what Apple is coming out with at WWDC
System Preferences>iCloud
do you have icloud options turned on that may be putting files back on the mac?
i dont mind it anymore. cuz now i actually dont listen to music on my phone anymore because of it. 
Edit: i need to upgrade my flair
was that a droid walking behind her?
thats some other-worldly ass right there
would also be cool to have a 10Gb data connection to that cluster too...
happy to have you back! your body is a work of art
what. the. fuck. thx for showing the alien in the trailer... 
the angel of verdun
Wow you are providing me with some great info! but now this leads me to another question lol. I'm sorry to bother you so much, but now.. the option in Apple Mail under Mailbox Behaviors 'Erase deleted messages after' and a selected time. Does that just delete from you pc?
This is very close to what i have read in my Google searches but with a bit more added that gives me a bit more understanding. One thing i want to Completely clear up if you dont mind.. deleting messages to trash will actually permanently delete them from the mail server? as in i got a letter in the mail and now im puttin it in my physical trash can? why would anyone want to do that with the mail sizes we have nowadays
definitely in my top
fantastic. now all we need is a deck of cards.
when booting, hold Command+option+R this will initiate the online installer. no need for a bootable device.
Inseparable 
they didnt tell me anything much. only that my name wasnt listed and that the charge isnt filed and they gave me a piece of paper and said to try calling back every friday to see if it gets filed.
oh also about the license. when they took me to the jail i tunred in all my belongings and they gave them back to me in a plastic bag. but my license wasnt in the bag. i assumed they keep it till the appointment?
i wasnt in my car. it was parked at a friends house while i was outside 
Rio Hamasaki could be added
Thank You. Not you OP.. her parents
man, those eyes
she is one of the few women that truly eases my soul
absolute perfection
i feel like there has been a good amount of Amazing photos recently 

quintessence
thank you for taking such great care of your body
wow. ive never seen her like this
wooowwwww
eyes
yea you are hawt
idk they improved the Ghost Carbon a good amount. Makes me wanna get it again.
but we dont know who the executor is.
kind of a Goddess
goes by Fuuka. no full vid sorry
oh Miss Alice. you never cease to amaze me
aspirations 
Those things r like Mjölnir. you cant move em
i thought i had all of them from this set... THANK YOU!
gratz! Point Break
np man. for the past year ive been obsessing with finding an adblocker/tracker blocking extension/app that did everything for me. Just like you, it was irritating me when i would still get popups and ads. One day i broke down and decided to pay for Adguard after i dug into an old deep forum cave and found a culture of nomads who regaled it's abilities. no regrets
ohhhhhh that is probably why. [it's free to try!](https://adguard.com/en/welcome.html) I bought it and have been very happy. i used to use ublock origins in chrome but i think the full app is MUCH better. it can work with any app or even your entire connected network if you want. 
Also maybe try [Safari Tech Preview or Webkit nightly](https://webkit.org/downloads/) to see if it works on those.
Im on Mac Sierra 10.12.3 (16D32). Do you have the Adguard option "Use Adguard Popup Blocker" enabled?
Safari 10.0.3 (12602.4.8) Here are the [filters](http://imgur.com/a/sfcw8)i have in Adguard. I dont use anything other than Aguard either. After your reply i tried the test in Safari Tech Preview 23 10.2 12604.1.5 and all 14 behaved as they should. I could even tell a slight speed boost in the actions.
never experienced this myself. 
interesting.. im using Adguard (for the past month) and i windows have been closing by themselves for me. I tried your test and #1 was the only one that didnt behave correctly for me.
lawd almighty
im glad you reminded me of those tits
dreamgirl
im going to photoshop myself in place of him.

i believe she goes by fotoshoppe
you did. it's in the Top of the sub...
yea it's just the user account login password
wish i was there
[here's another pic](http://imgur.com/a/4PU0w)from that set that i enjoy
RemindMe! 20 days
im not sure bout the pipes but otherwise this is sexy
it's also in the Top 15
besides the obvious perfections... her waistline in this dress is fantastic
whoah at first i just thought this whole thing was a wallpaper until i clicked on the post and saw it was GeekTool. 
definitely /betterabsthanithought
damn those are awesome!
i support this statement!
yea gonna need a source

you're on fire!
an absolutely dreamy body.
[an easier link for download](http://s3.gettube.cc/files/THpmOTYvdEZ0bGhWdFVhQWhZZWlsaTBRYU5aVU5MOE01amM5TDEyTzhSQmprWFArNjJ4SVpvU0ZaOWRQRzhaNTErTC96Z3BmQzk5dTZvM0p0VTlaOGdOZGgxSWhTSmdTT0V4T3E5Um5DcC9vYnJ2SFoxMCsrR1F1SWlXalZVeVRqYjJrZTVyblN5OFR0RzB4b2dJaWdjcE1VN1QxRE44TUtMWnB0b1dFUXhGM0N4Y0tLaUl4dzFtWUtQdE5JOU5uV2ExMEdwZmswa1d3S09LRzFwVG5rNEthbEJ5M0xpeGM3dHdqSFFZTDJML1pYakZXbGtUb1lqd29ObmVJRnBydzJoK0crSURGZEFiQ1k5Z1E0TVQvdUNnYmNIYnF4dm1yL2R1ZXlaTlN3RFk9.720.mp4)
that beam of light really sets this pic off
i like this very much!
thats quality 
bless you
Love this video and the game! lol idk why but with this game i couldnt stop watching
Dat quickshifter
as an iraq combat vet, the VA and myself are aware of my issues. thank you for your advice.
I remember this one :)
i see the iPhone camera bug is still present 
thats actually my favorite look she has but i do also love That's What you Get. hell... i love em all!
and in every other video
i believe that term is reserved for black attorneys 
i must have more
damn you would look good in a leotard!
bless you my son
awesome bod
Please more! amazing tits
a slightly different reveal from usual. great switchup!
those curves!
shes the best
and here i am crawling along at intersections...
damn you are lucky!
thats a nice looking ride
my first thought was "whats with all the sunflowers?"
exilevilify
i would open up my wallet so fast!
wow thank you! i had no idea :(
i dont see her enough
pure sex right there
straight from the top...
im still wondering why u would buy a new one with those past 2 gens...
no reveal? padded bra
this photo makes my heart hurt
dat booty too
pretty sure this isnt possible. what i did to overcome it was to use [BetterSnapTool](https://www.boastr.net/bettersnaptool/)
it's hard for me to find a pair i like more
Juicier than i thought
for the first 5 seconds i thought those were steaks
QTPI
hey man, this takes courage.
Sweeter
i really think they were just told to do it as a "feature" of a new release since they dont care about doing anything worth while to osx anymore
too darn cute
i'd be interested in this as well
if you wanna invite me over sometime and sing that to me, i'd oblige 
id take like 4
she is So attractive 
bless you
she's also super cool
not for her
well youre gorgeous!
dood ive been using mac for over 10 years and never knew about this!! this is awesome
try holding shift while opening Safari. i dont really think it will fix it but worth a shot.
right on!
it opens safari in a new state. cuz like sometimes you can have spyware or even cache from a website that can do this to your browser.
source please
better with long :)
nice tits
powerful natural beauty 
i think she should move her hands!
went through you posts. you have an amazing body!
this is one magnificent upper body
Timeless beauty 
how have i not heard of this woman!
it's the tongue action for sure
That Res
true to the sub
we really need more of her
that's pretty much a regular drop
i want her body
this may be the most beautiful body ive seen
he said let it set then ride it
would not pull out
when she speaks it makes her even sexier!
those boobs were nasty fake
eroshare...
solid genes
her face is honestly perfect
THIS! the first time i saw that movie i was like 9 and ive loved it every seince.
I have a prosthetic right eye. maybe i should get different colored eyes too!
wow he does a lot of em!
i also would like to know
photobomb'd
is there an /r/MorePerfect-erthanithought ?
your body is hot
you have a sexy body
it looks really great on you!
weird. try signing out of iCloud and signing back in. ive had my imessage stop sending texts before but not in the manner you are describing but that worked for me
maybe im not reading this right? are you cant send texts from your phone or you cant send from the mac?
or regular eyes too
i seriously dont know why people dont use Apple Mail. It's great for stock app. but otherwise, Airmail3
i just switched to whiskey 
the movie Son in Law was her prime
now if they can just add the streets i use to get there, that'd be the tops!
have you tried disabling all extensions
This. i used Airmail 3 for a bit but it had too many bugs for me. Postbox is excellent 
we enjoy having you!
13
that means it's not a gif, it's a gfy. 
yep ,those are Nekanes tits
does it still play choppy if you download the gif and then drag it into a safari window?
i live really close by to where they make it. local pub i go to often has it and ive had it many times. It's a must try! youve never had anything like it. 
shes prolly about 5'3
you could just re-install the OS. which will keep all your files and only re-install all OS components. doesnt take very long. maybe see if that works
Lord have mercy
i think for both. there are lists in the options that u can select Disconnect trackers and several others. 
does she have cheek implants?
ive always had an issue with ublock in safari not blocking youtube ads. it would work half the time. and as soon as i installed ublock origins here it acted the same
those nipples are prime
the best news for OSX all year!
hellz yea!!
cant find a high res version :(
more please
this makes me think of a question ive asked myself for the past 6 years of mac use. why do windows operating system desktop animations look so much smoother than os x's? I use my boot camp partition on my imac or macbook or view a friends pc and the animations in Windows OS are so much smoother.
+1
"Hey, You wanna see somethin?"
idk... looks like it worked to me
that just means it still transfered over your preference files from the old safari without moving the extension as well
https://www.dropbox.com/s/50723shda83i46x/WikiWand.safariextz?dl=0
[this is what it shows for me](http://imgur.com/a/nhKoq)
i laughed way too hard at your response. it really is a sweet setup btw
it's at the top
why dont you have a pic of Tom
if you google the quotes. click "wikiwand is not on the safari extensions page - Support for..." then halfway down the page, the first comment response has a link. click that. from there you are taken to the Wikiwand page in which there is a link to download the extension. i downloaded it myself to make sure it works, and it does
the first thing i typed in google and i made 3 mouse clicks and i had it... "wikiwand for safari". i really really reallllllly hope you found it in the past 21 hours...
she keeps those well hidden
top marks
man jaw? naw. youe good lookin. plain and simple
[Blonde, Brunette, Red Head](http://www.uselesscreations.com/mac/matrix/)
Averages 1 8.4 Double Takes Per Day
actually they looked pretty damn big even with the bag on
she's the tops
i really like the subtle color shifts in the room
i have a new wallpaper
i have SC Projects on my [Daytona 675r](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BHblFIp4l0c) too. blistering loud but man... does it sound good.
your body is Tight
here a face i miss
100mph....
for sure!
RemindMe! 1 year "Checkers"
by far my favorite gif. hands down... my pants
you
neat
i carry around a can of silly string for those kind of people
nice try
or just clicking the dock too
the perfect drop of Miss Alice
i would love to see it walk
Wow
just bought this a bit ago and cant stop fooling around with it! AWESOME
our spokewoman
how did they ever fit a headphone jack into that tiny body
Katers is that you?
need more!
[Just the smile](https://gfycat.com/CalculatingPassionateFairyfly)
i love her smile
Woooowww
yep Miss Alice
[SOURCE @ 143min](http://www.playvid.com/watch/wL2nx-xcgsR)
so incredibly beautiful
and for the love of all that is holy. we need more!
please more!
does it do the same with Safari Tech Preview?
it would be great for all of us if she was in more features
for me, all it took was the first time i saw her in Inglorious Bastards. even if it was only for a few seconds.
she is spectacular 
youre haf
lord almighty
this was a user named frenchkissthepvssy
Please continue to bless us!
even dat bra gap!
you are too darn cute! and an Excellent body!
so beautiful
well, with the apple keyboard exposé is bound to F3. which i can hit with muscle memory no problem. my forfinger doesnt leave the F key
I feel you there... i really wish we could still modify the ui and actions before they locked down the os.
i always used Exposé for that. although it get jumbled at times. I wonder if there is an app someone has made to enhance Exposé... that would be neat
cmd-tilde does that :)
dood the roads on the dragon are so banked rain has no effect lol
did it not work perfectly for him before?
and the earbuds dont even work in the macbook either...
is that a serious question?
i love mine too :)
she looks fantastic in any manner of look
i THOUGHT i was gonna see more
lucky! i really just want the opp to ride an Aprilia
averages 32 double takes a day
lord almighty these are spectacular!
i like the simplicity! i especially like the use of color for the date.
http://imgur.com/xRX6cZo
those panties were made for those curves
i always feel bad if i dont notice someone needs a revive and i die next to them right after 
it doesnt have usb...
i dont understand why the TouchID isnt integrated into the trackpad. that seems like a no-brainer
exactly! and this is what the Pro models always were. WERE.
she is going to look good until the day she dies
confirmed perfection
seriously though, your body!
Rockford Middle School
pleasantly surprised by the number of images!
Stunning
dem boobies
who is this?
i really really need more of her
you look like you could fit the bill, but i would recommend taking the beanie off 
bless you my son


[source cuz OP didnt](http://www.playvid.com/watch/wL2nx-xcgsR) apprx 143min in
looks so soft
how about a nice cup of "Shut the fuck up"
dag youre hot
Left
my "light" is at high noon
and that is without a doubt MissAlice
this reply right here also states we cant say whether this guy has improved or not. the bike has the same amount of lean in both photos, but without knowing the turns we cant judge
her height compared to the door and light switch
Freckles freckles
honestly the most beautiful thing ive ever seen. swoon! 
shes got eyes of the bluest skies
solid as a rock
our reactions are far from Gentlemanly 
forgot step 14: buy a sena
damn that looks clean as fuck
this body
thats some magic right there!
i am thankful for this xpost
[amandaeliselee is seems](https://www.instagram.com/amandaeliselee/?hl=en)
see you next week
Meeee??
jackrabbit
wow. ive always wanted to ride one of these
those are wayyy bigger than expected
i love the way your cheeks scrunch
these bikes are so easy to ride. and comfortable to boot
i have the same bike! and i loooove it
this kind of seems like what we need so the human race can be taken down a notch
cold tires...
Candace?
that body!
oh sweet emma! thank you for this
Voting to put her on the banner!
this trailer is wayyyyy too long
the juiciness is breathtaking
she is really a natural beauty and a fantastic actress
i love her voices for characters in games she plays
voting her to be on the banner
i have a raging clue
Wow this is beautiful
not since we've all seen it
you may want to see a doctor concerning this memory loss...
i have pics of the Porsche. i didnt know he hit him!?
maybe
That top with a hint of those legs makes a man want more
bingo
Agreed
[rosivrepuSmargorP yB] [rosivrepuSmargorP tsop-x] dnekeew ehT s'tI nehW eM ekaW
women underestimate flannel 
yea. pretty sure RPG
Saturday there was only 1 cop there. on Sunday 9/11 there were 3! Friday there weren't any. We left Monday and wen through and there were none again.
nah i live 8 hours away sadly. I did more than just the tail but that was where we spent the most time. This was my second time here and this year there were a lot less yellow crossers but way more SUV's and Trucks that wouldnt pull over for faster bikes.
pretty sure those come on them
could the colors be any more flattering!
you were impressed with the iphone 7??
[linked as it should have been](http://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=ph56a8fb802e104)
Anatomy
baby makin hips
you are seriously sooooo hot
those eyes. every time
i wasnt even able to unzip my pants in time
Pamalamadingdong
she is perfect
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG 
Dodger is the best. seriously cool in a non-pretentious way
Chucks
um youre like extremely talented and extremely gorgeous 
DAT TORSO
i would appreciate that
not often i find something i last longer than.
why cant we just take these kinds of people and dumb them in devil's kettle
that is the only comment needed. 
i dig Kristen. idc what anyone says
adore this woman 
[a larger version](http://imgur.com/a/t6kpQ)
i loooove the look of that monitor
dat cupids bow.
Lord almighty! you should post in [/r/gonewild ](https://www.reddit.com/r/gonewild/). they would love to see you!
to a fresh human being, probably.
a nice gap. slim. perfectly shapes breasts. flowing hair. dreamy face. This really is perfection
awesome bike! slick picture
you're my favorite thing about youreself. 
it's just that i havent seen this picture before and it's a darn good one! so my way of saying thank you
bless both your souls
love that birthmark 
Femjoy Susann
that is one slick pic
dont worry. same here
those are some incredibly perfect boobies
that underwear lines that booty perfectly
that tummy
splendid 
beautiful display! i couldnt bring myself to like and use the new keyboards. how do you like em?
any more of this perfect behind?
those nipples are perfectly shaped 
[gfycat](https://gfycat.com/BitesizedWarlikeDassie)  
[gfycat2](https://gfycat.com/RelievedPoorGrouse)  
[gfycat3](https://gfycat.com/ShadyFavoriteCuttlefish)
Have Mercy!
cuz they're fake
it's on the gif
no she does
you really have an incredible smile too. light and dark side :)
i love your 'always melancholy' look
seriously, YOW!
not typical but was the first thing i noticed
yep. perfect
glorious view
hawt
my bad it was posted to /r/Ohlympics  
much smoother than the one posted earlier
i fixed the link. have fun
gold
superhot
looks hot to me