nu mai discriminatz
that actually sounds quite good to me. i dont know why people complain about the system, it has all the required checks in place. there is a *bit* of inequality (as is the case in all aspects of life, quite frankly) but i wouldnt say that it’s enough that it makes a huge difference
yeah i bet you wont ever cross a bridge or go on a highway made from EU money man
does not every country get a single vote (when it comes to voting)? they changed it in 2017, no? im genuinely curious 
but that sounds like it’d make for a bad proxy war /s
you could unsub my dude
translated memes from french? is this what we’re doing now?
in turul 2 aveai de ales intre ponta si johanes asta. nu zic ca pseudoneamtul e vreun churchill, dar priveste peisajul politicii romanesti, si, mai important, contextualizeaza-l. iohannis era (foarte multi ar spune ca inca este) de departe cea mai buna alegere
tot mai bine era cu ponta, nu?
playing the long con
i dont think this sub supports it tho
me too, thanks
this thread reminds me: im starting uni in september and i wanna get a macbook bc ill be programming and working on all kinds of design stuffs. basically, the macbook is pretty much perfect for my purposes. wanted to ask y’all how the pro^? (the touchbar one) handles some low key games that i have in my library (like csgo, rocket league, ksp, hoi4, stuff like that). im not looking to max them out, just wondering how they run on that hardware
i figured that much out, but it works the way it’s supposed to in the app (which is why i was confused as to why it isnt working)
does it? im on mobile and it looks fine to me. reddit is still so fucked up when it comes to spoiler formatting. i used the \[](\/spoiler) to tag it

edit: it works in the mobile reddit app, but not on the mobile or on the regular website apparently. if anyone knows how to fix it, please tell me. i’ll leave it like this for now, at least for the mobile users. spoiler tags are on a sub to sub basis and i dont know whether or not they even have it on /r/me_irl
or fallout vr. extremely enjoyable. there are talks about skyrim as well, no?
oh, sorry mate, i just assumed the opposite seeing the memes popping up and whatnot. fixed
the acting was so so so good. such a great movie overall. 

***SPOILERS FOR IW AHEAD***

[peter’s spidey senses were telling him he was going to die in advance and there was nothing that he could do and you could feel the emotions all around](/spoiler). props to everyone involved
thanos’ plan has more than 1 quirks. for once, what would you do if a planet has an odd number of people? how do you count pregnant people? for it to be *perfectly balanced*, you’d have to kill half of everything with life, which also means killing trees and animals and bacteria. are these also chosen randomly? because even if a man isnt killed instantaneously, if the bacteria inside him dies, he will also die indirectly soon enough. do you count viruses as alive beings? they’re in a grey area in that regard. thanos says that everyone is randomly chosen, but does that mean that he also has 50% chance of dying? if he had already invaded drax’s planet and killed half of that, why did drax die? is it fair for people to be counted twice? that is less than perfectly balanced then. the logistics of his plan are a nightmare 
emerging businesses? except for some product companies (spotify, seinheisser, phillips), europe has tonnes of tech companies, but they dont make tools for consumers, but, rather, for businesses. to add on to that, the EU is incredibly valuable to its countries. do you think that, say, hungary alone could negociate a really good trade deal with china? what about 28 countries combined? the EU is the biggest trade bloc in the world and has a really strong economic presence. 
seconded. i honestly thought that IW was a genuinely good movie. like, not just a good comic book movie, but a good movie all around. it took your feelings and played with then up to the end and you shared the same feelings as the characters on screen in most of the more intense scenes. not only that, but thanos is a great villan. he has a certain kind of charisma, and you empathise with him: the man truly thinks that he is a good guy, and that the end goal excuses the ways to get there (although his logic is more or less flawed if you think about it)
Ce drăcie grăit-ai despre mine, mojicule? Țiu să-ți aduc întru știință căci fusei întîiul din Școala de Rezboiu de la Viana și fusei în multe misii neștiute la Înalta Poartă și pre mulți am prăpădit. Sînt școlit în rezboi de vicleșug și niminea nu mînuiește mai acătări ca mine archebusul în toată armia cea sfîntă. Mi-ești dară numai o șaibă. Te voi mătrăși cu atîta pricepere ce n-a văzut întreg Stambulul, ascultă voroavele mele. Îți închipui că vei rămîne slobod dupe ereziile ce mi le grăiești pre ceastă jalbă? Rogu-te a chibzui iară. Numai ce vorbim de am trimes soli către iscoadele mele din țările rumâne iară copita murgului tău e taman vegheată așa că proptește-te întru viforul ce-are să vină, mamelucule. Viforul ce-are să spîrcuiască nimicnicia ce tu găsești de cuviință a numi vieață. Ești pristăvit, mojicule. Poci ca să fiu orișiunde, fieștecînd și poci a te stropși în șapte sute de chipuri, iară asta doar în brînci. Iată că nu doar ce sînt înalt școlit în trîntă, dară poci umbla la armurăria dorobanților și am să mă slujesc de dînsa întru totul pentru a-ți nimici șezutul de pe fața gliei, zamparagiule. O, numai de-ai fi vezuit ce amărăciune vei fi ispitit asupra-ți cu ceastă şăgalnică cuvîntare, pasămite ai fi muțit. Dară nu-ți fu în putință, n-ai cadaticsit, iară acum vei da tribut, nărodule. Iată voi slobozi urgie asupra-ți și de îndată te vei năbuși într-însa. Ești pristăvit, mojicuțule
my impression is that most people are on the fence, actually. and they are right to be. people talk about the balkans, but, quite frankly, the whole of europe has always been a powderkeg, very competitive and war eager. anything in europe has to be approached with caution
have you asked ireland if they wanted to? or would you rather religious extremists AND nationalistic extremist attacks? you could say that, in the same manner that the uk doesnt want to be in the EU, ireland *really* doesnt want to be in the uk. actually, even more so.
[here’s](https://ibb.co/bKApGx) an image i took last year in busteni. no train, but slightly different angle. i’ll try to look for more
>gross

oh, excuse me, man.
why is my sandbox sandboxed??
the extremely advanced was indeed sarcasm, haha! thank you for your quick answer, it is really appreciated!
*real* programmers use codeblocks ;)
oh, i’ve always gotten that. i do have an issue when it comes to functions (please keep in mind that im *extremely advanced* when it comes to c++)

the way i was taught, in c++, if you wanted to pass a value by reference, you’d need the ampersand in the declaration: void function(int &x), which comes from the std namespace, no? i know you can std:: for other stuff, but i am not aware how one would replace that (as opposed to using the c way of passing a pointer with the address of the variable to the function)
the js truth table and conversions fucked me up on more than one occasion. just *how* do you take the square root of a string? sigh
rome got pretty far with 2 leaders
ce intelect superior. la /r/iamverysmart cu tine. noi iti suntem pur inferiori
yes but aside from being one of the most progressive entities in the world, what has the EU ever done for us?
ah, william. always in touch with cockney.
a battery that will run out in more than 100yrs!
i still havent recieved my 12€ from soros, man
it isnt *that* against EU, they need european money. it is for corruption and against transparency and democracy, which EU demands
raceala nu e gripa. nici pe aproape, e o diferenta foarte mare. iti poti da seama usor daca ai gripa. imagineaza-ti ca vezi o bancnota de 200 lei la fereastra. daca te ridici sa o iei, inseamna ca ai raceala. daca te simti asa de rau incat lasi vantul sa o zboare, ai gripa.
teoria revolutionara a vitezei intunericului si íonizarea codoiului. reincarnearea lui einstein, dar problemele de sanatate subite i-au oprit cercetarile
chestia asta cu johanes nazist este mai ceva ca aia cu Pamantul este plat. aia macar poate fi iertata daca iese din gura unui needucat, ca na, toata viata lui a vazut ogorul cat orizontul numai. dar chestia asta este adusa de pe luna. presupun ca sunt niste sinapse gen iohannis aduce a neamt si nemtii aduc a nazisti, deci iohannis cu siguranta este nazist convins si reincarnatea lui hitler basically. sunt cu totul depasit de situatie. te doare mintea.
cel mai infect tip de whataboutism ai comis
je propose d’utiliser le francais sur /r/europe a partir de maintenant. c’est le langue superieur, evidemment. /s
nici macar mai marii corporatisti nu zboara la business pentru ca e prea scump. ma indoiesc ca e treaba de prestanta, mai mult concurs de cine o are mai mare
bine ca te-ai razboit tu cu ursii toata viata. comentezi in threadul asta parca ti-au ucis ursii toata familia si copiii si cauti razbunare din cauza traumelor. juma din viata mea am stat pe valea cetatii si am mers pe munte cu tovarasii. daca omu ar fi cat de cat inteligent, nu ar avea nicio treaba cu ursii. nu iti lasa gunoiul afara, nu iti tine mancarea langa cort, urc-o in copac (oriunde, numai sa nu fie pe jos). ursii prefera mancarea naturala si rareori vaneaza (si atunci cand vaneaza, ei mananca pesti, whatever, nu oameni). de asemenea, au un limbaj al corpului predictibil si evita oamenii daca nu sunt o amenintare. ma indoiesc ca vreun om vreodata mergea el linistit prin padure si dintr-o data este atacat de un urs feroce pt ca era prada lui. eu personal m-am intalnit cu 2 ursi pe munte si ambii si-au vazut de treaba lor. din cate am citit si din ce mi-au povestit cercetasii, de cele mai multe ori, nici nu apuci sa te intalnesti cu ei, caci nu sunt animale agresive si tind sa se retraga singuri. tldr, lasi ursul in pace, si el te lasa pe tine

on top of that, daca omori un urs, nu rezolvi nicio treaba. ei nu merg de capul lor, sunt atrasi de ceva (de cele mai multe ori mancare, ori gunoi). daca lucrul de care sunt atrasi este eliminat (gunoiul sa fie pus in containere etanse, mancarea sa nu fie lasata afara mult timp), nici ursul nu va mai avea ce cauta acolo. ori, daca il omori, poti sta linistit, ca vine altu in locul lui si ai ajuns iar la inceput. nu vad avantajul de a raspunde cu violenta, in loc de a raspunde cu cap unei probleme
out of the box, man
>the technology just isnt there yet

miss me with that bullcrap
true. edited.
in addition to that, companies also have to tell you that your data has been hacked within 48h of being aware of the breach. good stuff all around. [here](https://www.eugdpr.org/key-changes.html) are more details
these may also apply to EEA, no? so switzerland and norway are also covered i think
yes but what has the EU ever done for us

edit: y’all yanks never watched [monty python?](https://youtu.be/djZkTnJnLR0) 
20M € or 4% of annual ~~profits~~ revenue iirc, whichever is more expensive. thats A LOT of dough
gert lush
the plot has been unraveled! quick, deploy the war sheeps and assault the front line! it’s time for the balkans to take over the world. pax balcanica
suc de hamei. 100% natural, eco
exactly. who the hell cares if, like, 2 or 3 people are in awe at the image of our humble president. a lot of (especially young) people look up to the president (as he is the face of the nation, after all) and, if this gets them to go out and cycle with their friends or walk or cycle to school (especially now that the temperatures are warmer), i’m all for this so-called propaganda
cheetahs are very timid and not dangerous at all. they will never attack a person, as opposed to, say, a dog. they are intelligent and know their place well in the food hierarchy. cheetahs always prey on smaller animals and they kill by overpowering them and biting their necks. they never attack what they cant know for sure that they’ll kill, and, since humans are bipedal and we outweigh them by a fair margin (cheetahs are around 45kg), you can see why they make popular pets, as status symbols, in the emirates. in most countries in the world, they are outlawed as pets as they are an endangered species. dont confuse them for lions and tigers: those are extremely aggresive and will attack if they feel like it. cheetahs will most likely fled if you look them in the eyes! you can go to your local zoo and see so. most zoos also let visitors play with cheetahs. they’re very docile creatures, which makes the fact that they are endangered even more sad
dont disrespect my boy zubat. crobat is hella fast and strong. im so glad they gave that thing a good evo. very solid poison type
no u
meh. i found it quite informative and they weren’t obnoxious with their brand at all. i feel as though it doesnt matter that a car rental company made this
‘this some dope signal, shiiiiiiit’-actual quote
helpful comment, right here
not enough sun in london that you’d need a hat. you can see it every now and then, but an umbrella is all you’d need, honestly 
nothing quite like a fine knife after going out to the book of mormon the third time this week, mate
Quite ironically, the government in power, which cut the budgets, is supposed to be the left-wing, conservative, social-democratic party. Nonetheless, both them and the opposition are pretty centrist. Not ideologies, but, rather, money and power motivate these guys
The ones on the bottom and sides of the building? Just your usual graffitis, I suppose. It is a historical building, so you need a lot of paperwork to do anything to it (as well as have that paperwork approved, which doesnt always happen), and if you want to start painting it, you’ll have to paint the whole thing, which is huge. I dont think that they have the money for all of that either. Some people tried to paint over the meaner graffitis, but there some other people are jerks, so they came back. Right now, there are only tags, i think
The government of Romania posted the budgets for the next university year, which are heavily criticised. Essentially, the universities whose professors (most, if not all of the most important universities in romania) had the audacity to openly criticise the ruling party and its corruption had their budgets cut, while universities that sided with the ruling party (most of them are ‘not terrible’ at best) had their budgets boosted. This has a direct impact on young people hoping to receive higher education, as there are fewer places subsidised by public money.
it has been theorised that you need 3.5% of a country’s population to overthrow the leader. peaceful protests are more likey to achieve that, because there are always more people in a peaceful protest than in a violent one. this is why political leaders often bring agitators, in order to stir up violence and discredit the protest, as well as the fact that a lot of people will leave if a protest turns violent

edit: [here](https://rationalinsurgent.com/2013/11/04/my-talk-at-tedxboulder-civil-resistance-and-the-3-5-rule/#_edn5) is a guy talking about it
there’s already /r/MURICA for that, not to mention that it is better in every regard
ah, yes, the uk. truly the rightful heir to communism. i dont know how people could ever be so blind
shit man, you re right. i’m calling bullshit
same. i exhaled audibly. this was actually the highlight of today
they only filmed the last few bullets if i remember correctly. this is because it happened extremely fast, they started shootig as soon as they were put up to the wall and the film crew didnt have the time. keep in mind the hate: hundreds of people volunteered to execute them and over 120 bullets were found in their bodies. the whole thing was outright brutal. however, compared to all the atrocities of what communists did, im sure this was nothing at all
lying on your resume or, well, most things about your former occupation is rightfully looked down up and helps absolutely no one. i think that op did the right thing
while not theoretically impossible, i think it is quite extremely unlikely (up to the point of realistically impossible). colour blindness is genetical, and you only need 1 affected X chromosome to have it (if youre male. if you re female, a good X chromosome will save you, which is why colour blindness is 8 times more common in males than females). this means that the parent commenter has to have had a fraternal twin of the opposite sex, the zygotes would have to have merged and one eye would have to have developed with op’s genetic code and one with their fraternal twin’s (one of which would have had colour blindness). 

at least, thats how i see it (no pun intended). now, im not a medic, but if this is the case, i think they would’ve won the lottery at least 3 times in their life with those chances. i think some kind of toxic chemical in their environment, or a disease is more likely than that. in spite of all this, having the eye of what wouldve been your fraternal twin is probably in the top 5 most bad ass things ever. if that were the case, they either blessed you with the gift seeing colours accurately, or they smited you by limiting your vision. pretty cool nonetheless 
yes! english is not my mother tongue:)i appreciate the correction 
in case you arent jesting, you should go see a doctor right away. normal colour blindness (or anything that isnt solved by a kind of lens) should appear in both eyes equally. if only one eye sees things differently, it means that its an aquiered form of colour blindness, due to most likely either a disease or toxic substances that are present around you. both of these will lead to a lot of vision worsening, if not blindness. get your eyes checked regularly man, its actually really fun. id say ~~opticians~~ ophthalmologists are the best kind of doctors to visit, if i were to choose
who the hell cares
never forget that hitler got in power democratically, fair and square, and within german laws and the german democratic system of the time. democracy isnt perfect, and it’s the people’s poltitical obligation to protest if they are not happy with their country’s leadership. you cant just expect anyone to go home and say ‘oh well, that was it i guess. we’ll see which way this thing goes in 4 years i suppose’
i bet he’s enjoying every single moment of it tho
si apa plata si marele zid chinezesc!
eu am facut in generala, chit ca mai recent, si ni s-a spus de cateva ori (indeajuns ca sa tin minte acum). istoria romaniei intra si in materia de a 12a, pe la inceputul anului, ori, chiar si atunci, daca nu esti la filo, nu prea ai asa de multa treaba cu istoria, oamenii lucreaza mai mult pt bac, admitere, etc
am mers prin niste biserici din maramures care erau pline de romaneasca cu litere chrilice. cand eram mic, bunica m-a invatat alfabetul si mi-l aminteam destul de bine. cu exceptia unor arhaisme, era romaneasca get-beget, nicio urma de indoiala. mi s-a parut absolut fascinant. alfabetul latin este mai potrivit limbii (acum, cel putin, cu siguranta. este debateable daca si in trecut), dar nu conteaza ce alfabet folosesti, romaneasca e romaneasca. 
you should contact google for solving the travelling salesman problem with that graph, op
you dont need writing to have a great story, in the same fashion that you dont need a story to have good writing. i dont think dark echo has any kind of writing except the setting menu, but it tells such a good story in its simplicity 
it is interesting how this dynamic has changed. over time, people stopped working outside so much and it stopped being a measure of how poor you were (you could now be poor and work all day inside a factory!) having a slight tan now meant that you didnt have to work in a factory all day (or a cubicle, nowadays, i suppose), so that meant that you had enough money to afford not doing anythig and sitting in the sun

in western cultures, that is. it seems as though things are different in asia! incredibly interesting 
all the other replies to your question seem to be posted by 12 year old girls. dont worry though, i got you, man. 

in true manly product fashion, i think it should be called SUBZERO EXTREME POCKET BABY SMASHER. the packaging, of course, is black, with messi shooting at the goal while firing 2 aks at nazis.
pai presupun ca il place lumea acolo in cluj, si doar de asta cred ca are el nevoie:D
at first, i thought the same thing, but the comment makes it seem like he was talking about families (all jackdaws are crows, but not all crows are jackdaws), because jackdaws are subordinates to the crow familiy. however, it sounds as though you’d have to be careful using the terms: crow includes the jackdaw, as well as the carrion crow (the black one that most people refer to when talking about ‘crows’)
what about my boi right here O(n^n )?
SPREAD THIS LIKE WILDFIRE!!!
i know the story behind it, but i ve never understood the essence of this comment. its like a pretencious guy getting mad because you called a labrador a dog, is it not? or was unidan referring to something else?
Sorcery 100
ban overcoats? they re awesome in windy and chilly climates
cand un cineva spune ca e gresit sa ucizi oameni, ar inseamna ca greseste doar pentru ca el insusi ar fi un criminal?
there are so many people that fear AI and automation, and it is baffling me, as these fears are quite unfounded. it’s as if people import their technological views from terminator and most michael bay movies. 

automation wont come to your home, kick you out of your house and marry your wife. it poses a ‘threat’ to *some* jobs, and those people will have to relocate (professionally speaking), but so what? its not like this hasn’t happened before. every great technological advancement has partly replaced people in a certain way. the near future wont see people completely eliminated out of the world, only for the rich ones to drink margaritas. that is just impossible, for now. automation is a strong trend, and its the only direction in which manufacturing (and other areas) can head into. 

as for ai, things are unclear because the ‘technology’ is in its infancy and nothing can be clearly said about it. we’re not even sure that it can be done (the superintelligent villan that you see painted everywhere, i mean). however, theres no denying that it can solve A LOT of our problems. computers cant think much, but can calculate *extremely* much and do what people just cant do. in the tech world, no one is afraid of AI. elon musk is one of the most vocal people against ai, but he owns OpenAI, which has made beautiful progress in the last few years. everybody is worried about bad AI (bad as in badly implemented, not evil). if i gave you a hammer, you could either throw it in your shed, use it to build a shed, or use it to distroy somebody else’s shed. its not the hammer’s fault. such is AI, a tool that can be used for good and for bad. so far, we cant pronounce ourselves on how to keep it from being used for bad, but thats because we re nowhere close to it. it is, again, a direction in which this world is heading, and i dont see how it could be stopped.

also, sorry for adressing a small part of what you mentioned, but these are part of the domain that i can pronounce myself upon. my point is, you shouldnt see the future as a threat, but, rather, an opportunity 
oh dear! i feel flattered that they care about my opinion so much! i bet they cant sleep at night if i have a different train of thought than them
mai mult, antreneaza algoritmul nu numai sa mute mesajele pe care le primesti de la orange in folderul spam, ci si mesajele pe care le primesc altii, deci orange o sa aiba un reach mai mic cu toate prostiile lor absolutely useless pe care le dau pe mail. play stupid games, win stupid prizes, orange
avem de a face cu un adevarat intelectual al vremii. citeste dilema veche duminica seara in fata semineului in timp ce asculta chopin la patefon
i-ai zis-o. dauna totala
not to mention that ‘I and everyone’ just sounds...off. its correct grammatically speaking, but it is almost never used that way, but rather, reversed (Everyone and I), or, at least, i’ve never heard it like that. theres a so-called explanation that it is bad courtesy to put yourself ahead of others when speaking, but i think it’s just the common usage so far that dictates how you use it (same reason that we dont say ‘it’s raining dogs and cats’)
the electromagnetic field propagates at the speed of light, so i guess that 70% is a conservative estimation, even if accounted for type of wire. 

as for electrons moving, i remember calculating it in highschool with our physics teacher; i dont remember the exact value, but i do remember that it is approximately equal or just under the speed of dripping honey (as that was the equivalent that we found). also, in a wire, the atoms dont really move: it is a solid, and it has a well-defined structure at an atomic level (as well defined as atoms can be). the atoms stay put, but the electrons (or, better said, carriers of charge) jump between atoms. in addition to this, even in the (extremely outdated) bohr model, electrons are thought of as quantum particles: movement does not exist at that scale. they are a probability wave/quantum particle (close to the way light is a electromagnetic wave and a quantum particle), so they blink in and out of position/level depending on whether or not they are observed (observing means hitting it with a photon): we can only know where it is likely to be.

just adding to your post man, there are some interesting things happening in electricity and wanted to elaborate on how some of these things are, for future readers:) 
inflatie adica se umfla romania de bogatie! suntem asa de bogati, aveam asa de multi bani incat nu avem ce face cu ei! de aia cresc preturile, ca suntem prea bogati, asa ceva se intampla mereu in tarile din lumea intai!
standardised as well, to my knowledge 
pana la urma, viata nu are vreun scop anume, de ce nu ne sinucidem in masa atunci? 

roata se invarte. incet, dar se invarte. nu vad avantajul renuntarii la orice speranta.
literalmente circulaba scriitorilor
10 0-0 0-0 0
you re a honorary romanian now, mate
for free shines when put in contrast to for sale. an insane duo, along with i and u. tpab was (and still is) miles ahead of most albums nowadays
do you not have to submit fingerprints when you make a new passport already? what would be the difference for the state, as opposed to using those?
romanian immigrants now colonising /r/europe. in about a month or two, this place will be full of barbecues, with tonnes of beer and mici with mustard. romania stronk.
the perspective is to blame i think. the house to the right of it is also skewed. i reckon that the photographer aligned the fence with the frame, but the fence isn’t parallel to the horizon, but rather built on a hill
and how does citizenship affect schengen? it makes no difference if i have a romanian or a german passport, no matter which country i am in. the romanians that got foreign citizenship most likely married in a foreign country or have moved to that country and applied to citizenship because they could. citizenship isnt some wheel of cheese that runs out
there was also an article posted on /r/romania that basically says rumour has it that the PM might resign because of the policies that Dragnea (party leader) wants to push. i dont know if anything will come out of that, but one could say that a 4th gouvernment in just over a year isn’t an outlandish idea

edit: [link to post](https://www.reddit.com/r/Romania/comments/8clfvy/dancila_vrea_sa_demisionezesurse/?st=JG358GFN&sh=ea9b47b0) 
*whoever gave me gold, thank you anon!!*
sigur aia de la poli o sa plece la universitatea nr 3 ferentari. si studentii, si elevii. ca doar acolo a dat statu bani. im sure of it.
they are columns. quite common in architecture and whatnot. trajan built one in rome: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Trajan_column_(Rome)_September_2015-1.jpg , depicting the dacian wars
also the same reason that the statue of liberty is green. [here](https://m.imgur.com/yBv9ECM) is how it looked like, originally
The gang gets back together!
they dont make much sense in romanian either, they are quoted so that people can see how illiterate some politicians in romania are. 

>Whoever is proven to have had connections with the Securitate (communist Romania’s political police) will be fired, starting with me

-Dan Voiculescu

> We dont know how many officers we are in the first place

-Mircea Geoana
nu toti au luxul de a merge si de a se intoarce de la serviciu cand vor ei. ideea ar fi sa te intorci acasa pe lumina
asta in conditia in care peste drum cad tiglele de pe sincai. iarna trecuta a perforat o tigla tavanul unei masini, a mers prin ea ca sageata in fan. de atunci sunt puse schelele alea. bine ca s a intamplat intre ore, ori gandeste te ca putea la fel de bine sa pice in capul unui licean. conducerea liceului cica de 4 ani se duce la primarie sa inlocuiasca tiglele si mereu aceasi chestie ‘domnule, intelegeti ca trebuie sa folosim banii pentru cele mai importante lucruri mai intai’
doesn’t NI get a lot of funds from the EU? wouldn’t they be better off  if they still were in the EU? 

excuse my ignorance, i am actually genuinely curious. i don’t know the geopolitical situation of NI
dont they need a referendum to change the constitution? thats how it works in romania, but i dont know the procedure in other states
it is well that war is so terrible, or we should grow too fond of it. will someone show that guy how a war works? its not like in the movies.
quite honestly, thats about as decent as you could get in those times. submit to us? ok, heres how things will go, and just get on with your day and keep up the good work. you dont submit? well, we’re gonna fuck some shit up
i really hope he enjoys it, he’s been on vacantion more than he’s been working! all that work must’ve taken a toll on him.

also, sean wasnt talking about trump at all in that
pentru albumul pe care este o lume nebuna, nebuna de tot, BUG au castigat premiul mtv 2004 pentru cel mai bun album (pe vremea cand inseamna ceva chestia asta). asta a fost impotiva simdromul tourette al lui cheloo si disco-zone de la o-zone, deci nu chiar talpa tarii. au castigat tot in anul ala cel mai bun cantec hip hop pentru romaneste, desi cred ca vicii a lui cheloo (cu care concura) este mai buna. nu stiu de ce imi amintesc ca au castigat si ceva pentru o lume nebuna, nebuna de tot. asa tin eu minte numai, poate
pare rau celor cu dnd
people can’t do that. [it’s illegal](https://m.imgur.com/IpdcJks) 
you could be great friends with him, man
atunci s-ar potrivi perfect in romania
blockchainul nu este folosit doar pt crypto. asta a fost prima lui utilizare, dar are un potential urias pentru securitate si privacy, si ar ajuta la rezolvarea multor dintre problemele romaniei low key (transparenta, birocratie, automatizare, etc). priveste mai departe de evident
atunci cumpara de alaturi, ca de aia ai capitalism, sa fie competitie intre magazine. poate asa vede vreun angajat de la zara care se duce in pauza de tigara ca isi pierde clientii si le spune alora mai mari sa mai taie din preturi
the designer had just bought a typeface pack and he was so excited that he used **all** of them
thats what i said. there should be no inferior products, no matter where they come and go from
or to any parts, i honestly think that countries shouldnt get inferior products, no matter which arbitrary point in the eu they re from. all products should be the same, up to a reasonable margin (grain from eastern europe is *a bit* different than that from western europe, thats just nature, but dont use inferior products. be *decent* to your customers)
sasuke’s levels of apathy are overwhelmingly superior to jiraya’s. the reason jiraya is so loved is his perviness to seriousness contrast. sasuke is quite the opposite. while there is certainly chemistry between boruto and sasuke, its not of the same kind as naruto and jiraya’s. those two were just clowns making a living, haha. i know i may put it too blunt, but its also true, they were losers, underdogs that eventually came on top. very likable characters!
he already has an op rasengan i dont see the benefit of both. on top of that, the rasengan is superior to chidori and more versatile and customisable. also, i think sarada could get chidori, its a good fit for her. as others have said, while not a requirement, chidori without sharingan is pretty underwhelming 
what do you mean, man? it says right there
for real. this looks like a straight up onion article. if any of the authors want a job there, they could just send this in and be set for life
quite a while ago twitch was filled with large-breasted girls that would only (quite badly actually) play games for donations from...well i dont know who would donate to these girls. you can already see their boobs and the internet is full of porn already? i guess most of them paid because if you donate enough, a message would pop on the stream and they could see the streamer fake-whine, being called a whore and whatnot while making shittonnes of cash. sometimes they would not even play a game, they’d just sit there with their cleavage taking up 80% of the stream. 

anyway, twitch noticed how big of a problem this is and they introduced 2 new rules: the streamer has to spend most of their time actually playing a game (or give the impression that they are. i mean, they dont want to shut off the stream bc he went to the toilet, or is just chatting around with friends waiting for a game to start), as well as, if there is a facecam, the cant wear revealing clothing (this goes both for men and for women, so no cleavage or those extremely slim tank tops, in the limit of decency. if they wear tank top because its scorching hot, i dont think theres a problem with that). oh, and they also banned a fuckload of those titty streamers as well. honestly, if you re interested, just look them up on youtube, there are a lot of stream archives there 
the vacuum left by titty streamers has to be filled somehow. where there is a vacuum of power, entities will rush to fill it
nicotine is literally found in tomatoes. most red things, actually. i dont know what the hell he is on. nicotine in of itself isnt even harmful (well, objectively. its about as harmful to you as much as you let it to: it makes your brain release dopamine, which gets you addicted), but the carbon monoxide and the tar, in addition to burning by-products that are.
bluntly put is best. casual is full of lower ranked players and doesnt translate well to competitive play. the best that op can do is play comp, learn strats, communicate with teammates and have fun! the rank system in csgo more or less puts you where your skill is (+-1 division, say), so you play against similarly skilled opponents. its not an insult to be a silver, it just means that you havent played that much. at 80h, thats more or less expected!
esea? the guys that install cryptominers on your pc care about their consumers? WOW!!
sex too, my man
well i mean drugs and sex isnt an endless supply, weeknd has to diversify his music or there wont be enough drugs and women in the world! /s
not really but i ll be damned if he doesnt have a great voice. one of the closest that we have to michael jackson in mainstream music, i think. thats why he can just sing about whatever: it ll sound great
in only 1 year as well! talk about efficiency!
there are always roadwork zones, but no roadwork is ever carried out! amazing!
member states are their will. does hungary not get a vote in the decision-making process? actually, every country gets as much a say as the next one, no matter the size
i think if you are a citizen of moldova, you can easily apply and receive romanian citizenship regardless of ancestors 
To add to this, the romanian communist regime was one of the, if not the most oppresive in europe. The Securitate(political police) was outright brutal(stories about what they did to *ordinary* people dwarf any american horror movie, i cant imagine what they did to actual political opponents). This has been one factor that contributed to the regime’s longevity. Second, Ceausescu started to dislike the USSR’s take on communism after visiting the Far East, and began shifting to Maoist views, especially because he absolutely loved the cult of personality he’d seen in those countries. This lead to megalomaniac ambitions and projects in Bucharest and Romania, but it also meant extreme brainwashing policies were implemented, to the point that impressionable people started seeing him as a god, so that also might’ve had an effect. What is more, because Ceausescu didnt like the USSR that much, he didnt implement the Glasnost and Perestroika policies that well (close to not at all, actually), which lead to Romania being a bit more isolated from the european revolutionary current. The western propaganda played a huge role in the revolution, people would hear about how other countries removed their dictators from power and how they changed to democracy by listening to Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty (if you were caught listening to these, you were pretty much done for). If only people had known thay the revolution would *not* be as peaceful as they hoped. However, it is also a reason that the youth is quite respected in romania, politically speaking: the students were the first to join the revolution and many of them died. The youth is usually seen as the voice of the future, they are very progressive in values and hold a good presence, especially against the corrupt leftovers of the communist party. Unfortunately, the bulk of the voting demographic is older.

As a sidenote, my history teacher had also told us that the 1989 revolutions were heavily influenced and funded by the KGB. I havent since found a source for this, but i assume he wasnt talking out of his ass, as he was very respected in the teaching community.
its no different than people posting about a nova launcher update. still an app. its also a great opportunity to get some discussion going
>i’d rather my child die of an illness than get autism for the rest of their life

legit something a person told me. get ***out*** of my face. they should lock you up
elon musk would make an awesome supervillan, especially compared to mark. musk can be awkward too, but he has a certain charisma that makes people like him. mark doesnt, hes just an asshole
RT is quite openly russian propaganda. they dont have a problem being called that, and i think its one of the things that they are really honest about
eaglebucks
OUR PEOPLE ARE WEARING YOUR JEANS AND LISTENING TO YOUR POP SONGS
def /r/me_irl material tbh
anything with 6 characters is realistically brute-forceable, so unless most of their users have passwords more than 10 character long, they re in for deep shit
last time i checked the us wasnt a war torn country reduced to close to rubble? maybe im just behind on my news
i highly doubt that
it seems that, at the moment, the so called rightist media isn’t reporting it either, mate. also, is defending muslims really needed in turkey? a muslim country?? it’s like needing to defend a white person against racism in the us
thank you /r/europe mods for protecting us from evil american corporations!
fallout and elder scrolls as franchises are good. fallout 4 is..underwhelming at best. i dont know what to say about elder scrolls because i havent played the toaster version of skyrim, but i will as soon as i finish the fridge rerelease. 

also, as a sidenote, i dont know whether this is still the case or not, but skyrim was horribly unplayable without vital game-fixing mods on pc. definitely not extremely high quality. the game is just ok, the modding community is what made it really good, not bethesda. monetising mods, however, well thats an argument for cost cutting and draining every penny that they can put of a product 
its not about the country, its about the peoples that are young. germany and italy, they re both younger than the US as a country, but the germans and the italians have been hanging around these places for more than 2000 years, doing random shit and generating their own culture. it seems as though the culture that the US has generated in somewhat more than 200 years is...dick measuring contests, country and pop music and too many explosions in movies.
or the other way around. reasonable as well
and a state-controlled social network is better than fb now? you re just getting rid of the middle man. if your job ever get replaced by robots, go get a job in china, they’ll love you with ideas such as party-controlled social media
it looks awesome and really clean! i love the style of it! good job man
the orange looks extremely good. very iconic. they should paint them in orange again, i say. maybe change the shade to make it look ‘more modern’ but it looks awesome
aia este mai la [est](https://cdn2.img.sputniknews.com/images/104355/29/1043552998.jpg) oleaca
hashi mopped the floor with madara what you on man? im sure he can knock out sasuke with a 2x4 plank. wood style is as op as sharingan
it is canon in my heart
you never know the kind of people yoh meet on reddit, especially on /r/worldnews, so better safe than sorry:) no prob man
you dont just send trade ships on their own and tell them to trade. you kake a deal with the other party and then you both send your ships. if these tariffs are put in place, the us and china would look to make a deal with the EU, rather than each other, because it would be cheaper (and the EU is the most important and powerful trade bloc in the world).

in response to this, the EU would most likely put tariffs on foreign goods to prevent these parties from flooding the economy and hurting local producers in the bloc
if thats your favourite book, i guess you arent that well read. dont get me wrong, its a nice and fun book and all, but there are loads of better ones. then again, who am i to judge what people like? you do you, man
the story was quite shallow in the first place. a book doesnt always translate well to a movie
whats the main colour finish?
to be fair, germany was offered the choice to control it after the soviet union broke up, but they didnt want it because it was too poor and they’d rather focus the newly-formed country’s economy on contiguous states (and avoid ethnic disputes), so it eventually ended up as russia’s. the territory is extremely important to russia, geopolitically-wise.
im starting uni at bristol in autumn and im already tearing up. i know this is an anytime ticket, but trains are still quite expensive when they should be quite one of the cheaper ways to travel around. does anybody reckon train prices going down anytime soon, especially to bristol?
age of ultron, if im not mistaken
NANI?!
why not use a usb drive? most computers nowadays no longer use cd drives, but you’ll find a usb port everywhere 
a bit pricier than your average restaurant at the side of the road, sure, but i wouldnt say skyrocketed. id say most things are up to 1-2€ more expensive, or so, than your usual joint, but it is worth it. bucharest also has quite an active nightlife, so you can go around the old town in the evening/at night if you fancy a nice outing. if you’re ever need anything, ask a young man/woman on the street: on top of romanian, most people know english surprisingly well and a good part of them also know french or german. as is the case with most capital cities, there are friendly people and there are not so friendly people: go off of your wit and you should be fine! 
probabil si ei le folosesc pe aceleasi. niciodata intr un conflict nu te prea bagi la cine furnizeaza armele, de oricare parte ai fi. ele tot trebuie sa vina de undeva, si ar fi preferabil pentru ambele parti ca armele sa fie de acelasi tip
!RemindMe 6 months
ask the guys on cmv to list their sources for their arguments. outplayed 
what the frick?
i heard rumours that he did a complete 180 on his life and is now quite religious and laid back. is that the case?
i have heard rumours that they were going to close the street for cars and make it a pedestrian zone only. is that still the case?
why the hell would you do that? they gon be dead anyway, its not like they gon judge you about it. go for the most efficient way, dont play intergalactic billiards
there isnt any difference if the photo is smaller than 10MP if i remember correctly, and it takes a bit to notice a difference between that. they aren’t kidding when they make you choose between ‘high quality’ and ‘full resolution’, tbh
“THE NEW DACIA ~~DUSTER~~ SANDERO” era, de fapt, un running joke, nu neaparat promovare intentionata tho

edit: sandero, sorry guise
that is not how voting in the EU works anymore. every member state has as much voting power as the next one, the population doesnt matter. in addition to this, most decisions require a qualified majority (55% of member states, representing 65%+ of the EU population). in addition to this, it takes 4 member states to block a procedure (but they also have to represent at least 35% of EU population). every single state has a say in the matter, and the most important things require unanimity, so even the smallest state has to be happy with what passes.
you dont vote for your own laws either. you vote for the people that vote for your laws. you also dont vote for diplomats directly. by that logic, the very image of your own country abroad isnt really yours. voting isnt literal: rationally, you should never vote for a person, you should vote for the ideas that the person represents.
the way EU politicians varies from place to place, but that still means that you vote for them indirectly. they are nominated and voted in by the parties that you voted for, no? many positions are like this, not just EU politicians 
you say that, but alexander of macedon began his reign at 20 years old and it worked out ok for him, i suppose. older people arent as connected to the vibe of the world, young people have much more vision, they have a different outlook on the world. in science, most discoveries are made by people younger than 25, their different take on things is extremely beneficial, whereas older scientists fall behind, even the genius ones (einstein is a great example of being outpaced by the world around him)
Youth: literally the future of the world

ive always wondered, why do older people cling so much and desperately to power? they are going to be retired if not dead in a few years’ time, and they tend to push short-sighted policies. that is the worst way to rule anything.
you have just as much control as you have over your own politicians. you still vote them.
we must not encounter upvote inflation! make your upvotes count
***IndentationError:*** 
#expected an indented block
do yourself a favour and buy a passport cover! it can be any colour that you want and it may save or prolong the life of your passport! always put covers on important stuff, you never know what might happen
 no kidding. the russian embassy in bucharest is a small fortress. tall walls, electrified fences, barbed wire, a small militia in the courtyard. the us embassy in bucharest (well, the outskirts of bucharest) has a high amount of security as well (but the americans stationed here are extremely friendly! both the people at the embassy and the soldiers from military bases around the country are so nice!), but they dont seem to have dug trenches and set up a last stand location. you compare that to most of the other countries’ embassies (most of them look like beautiful and friendly houses that your friend’s grandmother will invite you to have a cake in! they’re actually insanely cute and have really great architecture), and you can begin to see what diplomatic relations are between countries 
not even russians want to come to romania:( 1 was the best they could do. the guy is now regarded as a hero for surviving the vampires and the bad roads, i reckon
but thankfully fewer people than the first 2 movies
to be fair, it released as a competitor to 50 shades. thank god people went to this instead of that piece of shit. you d think people had learnt their lesson by now
poate loganurile se ridicau la calitatea nemteasca
the britishness in this post is at such high a level that it satisfies my desire to pick up a crimson tunic and forcibly educate some primitives. lush clobber.
In cinstea lui Arghezi, va las aici si poezia care a picat luni, la simularea de bacalaureat (cerinta a fost evidentierea relatiei dintre ideea artistica si mijloacele artistice, 50+ cuvinte):

    Cenusa visarilor noastre
    Se cerne gramezi peste noi,
    Precum se coboara pe glastre,
    Atinse, petalele-albastre,
    De-o giza cazuta de sus printre foi.

    Se scutura vintul si geme. 
    Pamintul e una cu cerul, 
    Orasele-s bulgari si gheme, 
    Ghitare adinci de blesteme. 
    Si aerul - rece ca fierul.

    Pamintul e-o moara desarta 
    Cu larve cersind adapost. 
    Miscindu-se-n pulberea moarta, 
    Ce-n haos mereu se desarta:

    Tarina visarii ce-a fost.

- Cenusa Visarilor, Tudor Arghezi
and england is the bitch of big banks
population is naturally going down in developed countries. the only reason that the us is rising in population is immigration, but in most, if not all western countries, more people die than are born. the reason that population is rising in third world countries is that, out of, say, 7 children, they hope that 2, maybe 3 survive. population growth is slowing as more countries become developed. the world population is projected not to exceed 10 billion.
i highly doubt that a guy goes into a mosque and then says to himself ‘hmm, i should plant a bomb or something. that will surely help my cause’

moreover, are you planning on sending all muslims...wherever?(im ignoring the fact that a lot of them were born in france, they re not migrants) there are a lot of important muslim politicians, scientists, businessmen, and france benefits immensely because of them. what is more, why should the acts of few punish the lives of many?  your muslim neighbour couldnt have somehow helped against a terror attack
and how would one stop all of the attacks? i am quite sure that the french are doing their best
the brits dont even have guns, neither the police, nor the people, and they dont have these kinds of problems. not like they have fewer minorities either. why cant the us do that? they re literally the only country in the world that has a gun problem (and that isnt a 3rd world country)
uoeno, rolling stone and east 2da west side are personal favs. really worth listening to. ronnie drake, too

also, dont forget to listen to the black hippy remixes of their songs. the black hippy remix of that part is *amazing*
lmao this guy quoting these STRAIGHT UP CLEAAAAAN masterpieces. sing about me probably no1 kenny song on 90% of rankings boi. one of the undisputed champions
he hadnt planted yet, was probably coming from mid, but was taking his time thinking friberg was in site
you ll discharge that thing faster than last night, man
why not buy an m249? its just as useless
more like welcome to r/globaloffensive. there are lots of other subreddits where an opinion that doesnt go with the flow isnt downvoted to satan’s doorstep
which works out to 0.5^45 . which is how much his calculations amount to.
do they? damn. RemindMe! 2 days
that is not how it works. universities accept way more people than the class size.

say you are a collage with a class size of 1000 and have a yield rate of 50% with some statistical error. that means that, in order to have a class size of 1000, you are going to give out 2000 acceptance letters. of those 2000 people, 50% are going to come study at your college. of course, this is the ideal situation, in real life the situation isnt this exact, so you also have a waitlist: if 1100 people out of those 2000 accept to come to your college, you eat up the cost. if, on the other hand, 900 people attend your college, you can handle some more students, so you tell the guys from the waitlist to come, until you’ve filled all of your spots. on average, however, the errors even out over time and over a large sample size

this thing isn’t exclusive to universities, a lot of businesses do this, the most famous of which is probably airlines, they overbook a percentage of seats for every flight 
you can only apply up to 20 unis through common app
>nobel prize

up for grabs. nobels arent granted posthumously
well, on average, the universe is more like [this](https://supernovacondensate.files.wordpress.com/2017/02/cosmic-latte.png?w=640&h=300). a pleasant colour to be honest
dying of asphyxiation is pretty good all things considered, actually. you slowly lose consciousness and fall asleep due to oxygen not reaching your brain. you might even have a nice dream beforehand. all in all, not a terrible way to die, compared to alternatives
he is right only if you flip a map upside down. if you still consider north to be (map) up and south to be (map) down, then east and west flip as well, so, in this other frame of reference, the sun would rise in the west. however, people in the southern hemisphere dont flip maps upside down, the sun still rises in the east. however, at noon, the sun is exactly over the north (as opposed to exactly over the south, in the northern hemisphere. sidenode: this works better the father away you are from the equator, and it will be some degrees off if you use DST right now)
are you having a seizure, mate?
>no u
i am fairly sure you can remove them from your facebook settings, no?
some people have already answered that 0.(9) and 1 are the same number, but i want to add on top of that. the reason that we have recurring decimals is a limitation of the decimal system, it happens when a number lies exactly between two numbers and is exactly represented by neither of them. this is usually ok in the decimal system because we have an inherent understanding of number and can understand the concept that it represents, but it is troublesome in real life. this is an issue in every base, and the most infamous one is in binary. because you only have two digits, you cant represent numbers such as 0.1, which leads to the feared and scary *floating-point rounding errors*. basically, just like you cant represent, say, 0.(3) in decimal, you cant represent 0.1 in binary, and 0.1 is quite an important number. due to this, computer scientists have to take precautions to make sure that their calculations arent going to be messed up by an operation with these numbers!

note: there are numbers like pi and e, that can never be represented precisely in base 10 and, actually, in any integer base, and i think that they can only be represented precisely in their own bases/bases related to them (base pi/base e/etc, but i dont know for sure of proofs regarding this). these numbers are like these because of the very fabric of reality and the way that the universe works. they are real numbers (they are in R), but they’re not rational (Q). they are whats called *transcedental*, meaning they cant be written as an algebraic solution to a polynomial equation with rational integers (as opposed to, say, sqrt2)
its more like saying tupac when you re talking about lesane crooks
>IT SHOULD BE LEFT ALONE

yes.
i wonder what *bob the builder* there thinks about led zeppelin’s dazed and confused 
so basically they chop off your thumb and then accept that bit?
au reusit sa mute traficul din bucuresti in aeroportul otopeni si acum se rasfireaza putin cate putin prin alte parti. multumim duamna firea
there are certainly liberal right-wing people and conservative left-wing people. in the us, the terms seem to be synonymous because they happen to coincide, due to the political climate, but in true political theory, they are different. in former communist countries, the right has been, up until recently, considered liberal, because they had been under communist rule for so long. conservative is the values that countries used to adopt, and liberal is the values that it pushes to adopt. these two sides have to be in equilibrium, because rapid change can be devastating, but so is stagnation. there is bound to be a natural progression, as young people who support liberal ideas come into power, and their ideas eventually become considered conservative
my mistake, i meant the second largest army. it is an important distinction, sorry for that.

[source](https://www.thenews.com.pk/print/135515-Turkey-has-Natos-second-largest-military-force). i am not familiar with this news site, but this was the first link that i could find and that also seems to have made its research. [here](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/nato-army-buys-2-billion-dollars-weapons-from-russia-military-deal-a7942521.html) is an article from the independent that states the same thing, although, to be fair, militaries are hard to place on an objective scale.
second largest NATO contributor, after the US. not that shabby, to be honest
no, i think that there is literally no way that you can compare two human lives, honestly. value is subjective. maybe, to me, the guy is the most valuable person in the world. it doesnt hold any less weight than other people’s lives.
i believe that the fact is just irrelevant. what if he were gay? what good does it do him?
he was part of a spy exchange. russia gave the uk a spy back and the uk released a russian spy. it is good courtesy to not burn your house after you sell it to another guy. not *everything* is fair in war. humans are brutal when it comes to taking up a fight, but we’re not primitives.
i have the s2 and tizen is very lightweight, so its very fast and i havent noticed and hiccups in performance. the battery easily lasts 2+ days on 1 charge, and a friend’s s3’s told me his can last 7 a week, depending on use. it has an amoled screen, so the contrast ratio is infinite, which is very important on a smartwatch. however, there is certainly an argument to be made that hardware doesnt have to be impressive on a watch. you cant really do a lot on it, until they start projecting holograms or some shit. much more important are the things on top, depending on personal preference: waterproofing, dustproofing, interchangeable wrist straps, battery life on a single charge and, perhaps the most important one, the screen.
i meant, if it backfires spectacularly, he can just let some other guy handle this and be the scrapegoat before swiftly coming back to power. if it doesnt backfire, business as usual for him, he can just get on with his day. its not as if there are many countries in the rest of the world that trust him and, if there are, they would overlook any shady political means, just as they have so far
to be honest, why wouldnt this be a win-win for him? if it backfires spectacularly, he can retire and leave this mess to some other unlucky guy until the whole thing dies down. if it gets him domestic political points, its even better
>ce cauta neamtul in bulgaria?

este o replica din opera lui caragiale, d’ale carnavalului

> ci vor interveni, de cele mai multe ori direct pentru a pastra actualul status quo

din nou, in afara de niste sanctiuni economice minore, toata europa a stat si s-a uitat la ucraina, care e in razboi de 4 ani (aproape la zi) fara sa para ca le pasa prea mult de expansiunea rusi- *aham*, scuze, de fortele pro-ruse. fara o alianta militara (poate nici atunci), si fara interese concrete, tarile nu intra in razboi doar de dragul artei. doi se bat si al treilea se pune bine cu ala care castiga.
de parca majoritatea cauzelor de razboi nu sunt pretexte penibile. daca rusia vrea o iesire la marea neagra, isi amintesc repede de cetatenii rusi din crimeea (de care uitase ultimii 20 ani, aparent), si bam, isi trimit ce vor ei pentru a-i proteja. fii sigur, daca o tara vrea ceva de la tine si nu il poate lua frumos, o sa scormoneasca pana in preistorie pentru un casus belli. nu este chiar responsabil sa ignori o tara cunoscuta pentru agresivitate doar pentru ca nu are ce cauta in ograda ta. ce cauta neamtul in bulgaria, nu?
fara ue, marele imperiu romanesc ar fi fost cu siguranta o forta de neoprit pe glob. meanwhile, observa situatia ucrainei, drept studiu de caz al destinului unei tari din apropierea rusiei, care are incredere in ea
this is so low quality that i honestly thought this was taken from transport tycoon. im not even kidding, it looks exactly like the game, isometric view and all
he was certainly crazy, but that craziness somehow amounted to a great understanding of physics, especially ondular properties of abstract concepts such as electricity. if he, somehow, lived to see the discovery of quantum physics, i bet that his genius would’ve contributed immensly to our world. a little craziness is good in science, it provides a certain degree of vital creativity. too often do a lot of great scientists make discoveries in their early years and then fall behind the curve, as younger people with new visions outpace them (einstein, for example, refused to believe in quantum theory, specifically the probability nature of it, to the day that he died, even though, ironically, he contributed immensely to its discovery)
the uk isnt out of the eu yet. until the deadline (that can be extended, if the situation calls for it), they are a full-fledged member with both its rights and responsibilities. nothing is different with regards to its influence in the eu for now.
the eu as a whole said that they were supporting britain on this. given the fact that the eu works as an economic whole with respect to outside parties, it is very possible that the whole of eu will stop russian imports, if voted for. however, this is unlikely, as europe, while having natural gas and resource reserves of its own, they wont last forever. this is the most important leverage that russia has against the rest of europe
there are certainly rich russian people that hate the kremlin. too bad that [they’re dying](https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2018/03/13/russian-businessman-close-associate-ofboris-berezovsky-found/?utm_source=dlvr.it&amp;utm_medium=twitter) suspiciously 
well, theres an argument to be made that russia isnt first world, either.
second most valuable entertainment company after disney, i believe, and they re steadily growing still
i ve literally never heard it called that way, no.
well, the intention when you pay to participate in the lottery is winning, i reckon. 
dintre finaliste, probabil cei de la bucium au cel mai frumos videoclip, as zice
why are imaginary internet points valuable? there are people setting alarms in the middle of the night in order to post on reddit at peak traffic so that they get as much karma as possible
America™️ himself commented. Blessed.
thats not fair, it’s literally the same thing
149% for putin! an overwhelming majority!
the part of the video that i was talking about starts at 4:28, where he compares scaleform and panorama and talks about how slow scaleform is.

also, as a sidenote, even the only thing that you got from that video is incorrect. he says otherwise before the *10 second mark*. im not the kind of guy to be a jerk on the internet^citation ^needed but 10 seconds is close to literally the least amount of attention you could’ve paid that video, in which he explains the differences clearly and eloquently 
the thing with netflix is, they have to have tonnes of content, because you can binge them. a tv show can only have like, 26 episodes because if they are aired 1/wk, you can fill up half a year with that. netflix, on the other hand, pushes a season all at once, so people can binge it really fast. stranger things s2, for example, has 9 episodes i think, but you can watch it all in a weekend as opposed to 2wks. a solution to this is doing what hbo does, and push them online one at a time, but that wouldnt work for netflix, because they want you to spend as much time on their site as possible (which cant be done if you only log in once per week in order to watch a show and then log off). they need to build a viwer profile of you, so that they can make better recommendations suited for you. chances are your friends have some of the same tastes, so you re more likely to recommend that they sign up for netflix. word of mouth is really important for netflix’s growth, because everybody and their dog already knows about big bang theory and himym and a lot of big/classic/bingable shows that the other networks have behind their closed door
quite honestly, we might see a new age of pirating. over the past few years, pirating has been steadily going down, as it was just more convinient for people to stream everything from one place. if these services keep popping up, i expect the convinience will go down and piracy will fill in the gap. because of this, some companies stopped the lobby for harsh anti-pirating laws in a lot of countries, but i think that those will resume. this is all my speculation, of course, i am by no means qualified to have a reputable opinion on any of this, so dont quote me. i only think that the situation will develop intrestingly
csgo uses scaleform. i am extremely sure, and it has a strong reputation of being slow

> Scaleform GFx is a game development middleware package, a vector graphics rendering engine used to display ***Adobe Flash-based*** user interfaces and HUDs for video games.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scaleform_GFx
source 2 itself didnt, but it provided much more modularity and better tools for modders. technically, you wouldnt notice a difference unless the game takes advantage of the new bells and whistles that source 2 provides. in cs, the ui is very unoptimised, but i think that [3klicks explains it better than i possibly can](https://youtu.be/IC_zm-cobRE) 
if i remember correctly, panorama ui came out packaged into source 2 when dota was updated, but source 2 isn’t necessary to use panorama. i believe devs can use it with any engine, and source 1 is compatible with panorama for sure. in spite of all of this, csgo is heading towards source 2 regardless, so maybe we will see panorama ui when it is updated to source 2, as well
what? of course they did. before the update to source 2, dota used to use scaleform (what cs is using right now). starting with reborn, it was replaced with panorama
the ui isnt just the main menu. everything that is displayed on top of the action is part of the ui and you are constantly looking at it even if you realise it or not (unless you disable it), and a well optimised one can make or break performance. right now, the ui is based on flash which is famously badly optimised. panorama ui brought a performance boost to dota 2 and people are looking forward to that happening to cs, too. the fps gain will, of course, vary depending on your rig, but it is at least 10fps on lower end pcs, where every frame is important. pros also apreciate this, as most smaller tournaments cant afford high end rigs, so they have to game on worse pcs
real talk now, sims 4 runs on just about any crappy system. my mom’s 8+ year old laptop runs it well, and certainly better than stock sims 3. allocating resources to only loading limited spaces has helped it tremendously gain performance, i feel, especially as games push for “no loading screens!!” bells and whistles. the wait times are bearable, especially if you only play it casually (the intended audience, after all) and have a fast HDD, or have it installed on an SSD.
cities skylines is miles better than sim city, devs could really take advantage of ea’s arrogance
are you sure you are not on an google amp page? it doesnt work on that no matter what you do
personal assistants are meant to have a likable and silly personality so it doesnt feel like you re talking to a piece of metal. google hired pixar writers to design a personality for google assistant and to write tonnes of lines for it. id personally say that it pays off, talking to google assistant feels much nicer than talking to siri, which just seems like talking to a socially inept chinese 4 yr old

edit: [further information ](http://www.businessinsider.com/google-assistant-pixar-the-onion-2016-10) and, from that article: 

>Google's eventual goal is to help users build an emotional connection with the Assistant, the Journal reports.
[The House of The Spark](http://img07.deviantart.net/ada0/i/2013/261/4/4/piata_presei_libere_by_anabela_valcereanu-d6ms57j.jpg) (*Casa Scînteii* in Romanian) used to be a staple of the Communist Regime in Romania, The Spark (*Scînteia*) being the Communist Party’s newspaper. It was built in a stalinist architectural style (but not as massive as stalinist buildings in Russia), in such a way that it would be imposing in appearance (Romanian wikipedia says it is 5 times as wide as it is tall). It was intended to house all of Bucharest's printing presses, the newsrooms and their staff. After 1989, it was renamed to The House of The Free Press (*Casa Presei Libere*) and the lowering of [Lenin’s statue in front of it](http://www.dozadebine.ro/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/Statuie-Lenin-02.jpg) was one of the most important moments in the Revolution. I think the empty pedestal is still there. In front of the building now sits a [statue called Wings (*Aripi*)](https://bucurestiulmeudrag.ro/img/photos/s1920/57d054c2-a538-46d7-9243-136e592b13d5.jpg), symbolic of Romania’s rebirth. It was Bucharest ‘s tallest building up until 2007 (about 104m in height)

[Here](http://static3.evz.ro/image-original-605-388/cache/2016-11/casa-scanteii-465x390.jpg) is a picture of how it looked like during communist times.

[Here](http://www.travel-e.net/europe/country/image/romania-6.jpg) is a picture of it now, with the Arch of Triumph in the foreground.
wait ill you hear about the per mille sign
i think you can buy individual letters from amazon. either that, or just buy a length of rgb tube light. if you look up diy neon lights, you can find lots of tutorials, and they re quite cheap, too
s1e2
dear people who downvoted this,

you are in an unethical subreddit, it says right there in the name. do you really expect people to be sensitive here?
and it was posted on r/masterhacker from r/creepypms
russia’s gdp is close to spain’s. the only thing that they have going for them in terms of military strength is 70s nukes, everything else is outdated compared to the us. russia isnt the economic strength to keep an army up to date, but rather a small part of it. this is why it resorts to online propaganda: it is cheap, and they have tonnes of experience with it. russia today just isnt what it used to be more than 30 years ago, they dont have half of europe as satellite states from which it can steal resources, people, and technology 
there is no time limit, but there are tonnes upon tonnes of safety measures in germany so that t is impossible for a single person (or party, even, although im not 100% sure) to gain too much power
cout << “Haha..totally” << ‘\n’;
2 shots to the back of the head. looks like a clear suicide case boys, pack this thing up
at least shes trying her best. shes like that mentally challenged kid that really struggles to keep a conversation, but i appreciate that they re making progress, even if its not that much. google assistant is obviously miles ahead of siri in literally anything, but thats ok. apple has to start dipping their feet deeper in ai, especially if they want to sell those homepods
not to mention bootlooping. extremely common on lg phones. i dont know how they still ship the nexus 6p when this is such a widely known issue
agreed. as opposed to a normal camera, faceid also tracks depth and creates a very good facemap because of it. a normal camera can do tracking, but only up to snapchat levels or so.
so, kinda like dracula
everybody unsubs on unsub day and resubs on resub day so me_irl is the first subreddit to get to 1M twice. or sth like that. me too thanks
!remindme 24 hours
kurtjmac also had his own personalised kerbal in the game code if i remember correctly. his influence was at least somewhat important, id say
so, what you re saying is, the app is available in those regions. it is only available in us, uk and aus.
it is somewhat straight (on the plane of the earth), but the earth is ***curvy***. a truly straight (in 3 dimensions) would go through the crust. it all comes down to your definition of straight, i suppose.
coming soon, on your microwave and freezer!
it isn’t a font. all of xkcd is hand-drawn
yeah, it is. we might think of our politicians as devils walking on earth, but they are mere kids compared to the politicians from the republic of moldova in terms of corruption 
do you seriously gatekeep college, dude?
!remindme march 2nd
you're damn right "hard to tap"
postulates are things that are inherently true. one such postulate in geometry is ‘a line contains at least 2 points’. 

in physics, there are 2 famous postulates by einstein: ‘the laws of physics are the same in all inertial frames of reference’ and ‘the speed of light in free space has the same value (c) in all inertial frames of reference’

as opposed to that, theorems have to be proven, usually using postulates and the things that they imply (you start somewhere and you eventually prove what you want). pythagoras’ theorem can be proven in a lot of [ways](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pythagorean_theorem) 
that so called ‘jump cut’ is the camera choosing another point to balance colour off of. also, jump cut is something else entirely from what you’re thinking of, it’s used to transition between scenes
do you even copypasta my dude?
you feel victim to one of the classic blunders
you fell victim to one of the classic blunders
i personally have lenses with a blue light filter, as i spend a lot of my time in front of a screen. i’d say that it eases strain on my eyes a lot, and i find myself preferring to have my glasses on. the coating literally reflects blue light, so if someone were to look at you from an off angle, they’d see blue light reflecting off your glasses, which could be a con for some people (imo, the shade of blue is disappealing, think old windows blue screen of death), but others really like it. it all comes down to preference i suppose. if money is a concern (i know these filters can add up on top of the price tag), there are features in phones and computers that reduce blue light based on hour (night shift for ios and f.lux for pc and android, too, i think), but they work great when used in tandem
the bot creator could sell them on key reseller sites (like g2a i think), or ebay, at a lower price than the app store
like all myths, it has a grain of truth. in 1997, microsoft invested $150m into apple if i remember correctly, but it wasn’t necessary because of gates’ golden heart. on the one hand, apple and microsoft were in a legal war over microsoft copying apple’s os, lawsuit which apple dropped after microsoft invested in them. however, more important is the tricky situation in which microsoft was in. they had such a large marketshare of the market that it was beginning to look like a monopoly, and the government would take measures to ensure that other companies could stay competitive and not get bought by microsoft. saving apple from bankruptcy was an important part in that, as microsoft desperately needed a solid and direct competitor
the ones that do are such a minority in the grand scheme of things that i wonder why they’d have to be the ones to define the male gender
By the time you hear the next pop

*The funk shall be* ***within you***

#**[pop]**
there was another redditor some months ago that built oxford university at oxford university in oxford, as england, but i cant seem to find the post
i’d honestly say red herrings are a must in a mystery work. the story gets boring if you’re spoon-fed everything. there have to be irrelevant elements that are meant to throw both you and the protagonist off
oh, i follow you on snapchat! great gaming streams on twitch, too! keep it up, sis
starting ios11, you can no longer download 32 bit apps to your iphone. every dev had to update their app for 64 bit devices, or they would be abandoned (especially because ios devices are more often than not on the latest firmware, as opposed to the fragmentation in android)
its a beta. you re not supposed to use it as your daily driver. even though apple has been keepingit at bay, expect to have to restore it once in a while
the vampires ran out of blood, so they re hypnotising immigrants into coming here. a fate worse than death, to be completely honest.
if a single man could influence a whole currency, that would tell a lot about either the man’s power or the currency. either that, or the guy wasn’t the final nail in the coffin at all
ios 11 feels like a beta for ios 12 as a whole, though
can you not choose whether to enable it or not in settings, man?
probably muscle memory and higher fps
i am on the official reddit app, all working fine. ios 11.3 beta tho
inbox definitely has less features than gmail. if you want to setup anything, even something as simple as email auto forwarding, you are redirected to gmail
‘hey son come here, let me tell you a story about how my heart got broken BUT I GOT SOME OF THAT SWEET KARMA BOI’
why would i call them out? most of the words that you use on an everyday basis are already either borrowed from slavic languages or (especially) from french anyway
this is true for the fruit, in romanian. for the colour, we have portocaliu, from the name of the fruit, but we also have the ‘correct’(putting it in quotes because thats what my art teacher and people in art circles keep telling me things should be) way to call it, oranj
teaspoon is the word you re looking for, but that’s technically correct! a teaspoon is a little spoon

for foreigners: lingur- is the root of th word and -ita is a diminutive suffix, which are not that common in english unless they re borrowed from a romance language. an example in english is the -en suffix: cat to kitten. this suffix, although rare, can also be augmentative: chick to chicken
romania has at most 2 systems that might be harmed. i dont know what they are, but im sure there must be at least one, we’re not ***that*** bad. probably.
people on reddit read *just* the title
you should make one for us shootings in 2017, too, so that there is some kind of comparison between the too. number of victims would be helpful, too. nice work, man.
i think the equivalent would be royalty-free audio. theres lots of websites hosting royalty-free audio, but thats all i know about it, honestly.
the bee’s knees!!
the US gov heavily subsidises spacex
[Originalul in franceza](https://www.reddit.com/r/france/comments/7w57s0/merci_bien/?st=JDMPQJX8&sh=20920711) de pe /r/france
Now with Squarespace™️, you, too, can set up your own illegitimate website easily and quickly! Don’t waste your time, register with Squarespace™️ now. Also, don’t forget to ***smash*** that like button and subscribe and click that bell button to recieve notifications and not miss any of our content!
>punished for having a few nuclear weapons

yeah dont mind me guys, just talking my nuclear warheads for a spin. nothing big.

honestly, the destructive power of these things is incomprehensible. can you blame *anyone* for trying to make sure any average joe billy down the road by the liquor store doesn’t have one in their barn?
honestly, buzzfeed is modern-day cosmo. giving women bad advice in order for them to come back and seek more dating advice. if you start drawing the parallels to cosmo, the two are incredibly similar both in technique and demographic 
he’s playing beer pong with the queen right about now
none of those 7 wonders of the world is even remotely close to australia, mate. although it might be the one place where we havent yet searched enough for the hanging gardens
flying the union jack upside down is seen as an insult to the crown and is [theoretically considered a crime](http://projectbritain.com/geography/unionjack7.html). its just one of those relic laws, though. it’s not like anyone is going to arrest you for it
or just straight-up illegal
you could easily do this on your phone

grab snapseed and open your photo. open tools and click on curves. this says how intense each of the primary colors are. we want a lot of red and blue to make that pink-purple shade, and we also want the more intense blue to be bluer (so that the skies look violet). there is a button at the bottom of the screen that changes the curve mode from rgb to whatever. go to red and bring up the lows so that it looks like a slight logarithm function with the hump in the bottom half of the square. go to blue and bring up the highs slightly so it looks like a slight logarithm function with the hump on the top half of the screen. you can also bring down the opposite side of the curve, in addition, in order to have a balance between red and blue, as long as both are over the rgb curve. grab the green one from about halfway and bring it down slightly so it looks like an exponentioal function(this will take out the green out of the picture, revealing a nice shade of purple). this is a rough guide, because the amounts are different for every pic. just eyeball it until it feels right. dont go over the top with the adjustments, go in small increments. if you want the pic to seem more/less neon, use the luminance curve.
the us is also white in majority, so i guess you could call every single person in the us white, too. it’s just fair to leave it at that
roma and romanians arent the same. romanians absolutely enjoy football
trickle down hoeconomy
a geographical region is siberia, too. not a continent as far as i know
are you using any mods?
and how many current ones, too.
do you even know how much stuff invented by nasa you use on a daily basis?

https://spinoff.nasa.gov/Spinoff2008/tech_benefits.html
are we blind? there are madlads madder than this madlass!
t h i c c
a lot of those are bots and either duplicate accounts or fake clickfarm accounts. the actual people count is way lower than 2B
the others have talked about your comment very well and have said what i was going to, theres no use reiterating that. but dude, take a step back and look at your comment. you’re literally comparing elon musk and tesla to hitler and fascism. sure, you can hate the guy, whatever, but i think that really takes a step too far, wouldnt you say?
i thought that was elon’s personal car, no? i think he was looking for an upgrade anyway
truth. as soon as apple started manufacturing their own cpus, the rise in the iphones processing power has been crazy. they are at least a generation ahead of qualcomm and samsung
people are downvoting you, but if you took a look at the android app, you couldnt keep a straight face and tell me that the app is running anywhere near good. it’s been getting better recently, that’s true, and i am sure that the engineers at snap are very skilled, but the impression it gives off to most consumers is that the app is horseshit
i dont like people cutting my lane without having their turn signals on (or aggressively even with turn signals on), but that doesn’t mean i want BMW to go bankrupt

also, if you re from germany, dont worry, you re doing great <3 best mercedes and bmw drivers, im not even kidding. i love your motorways
oh, got it! thanks a lot!
which is a romanian region
what is this style called? vapourwave, outrun, or something along those lines?
?? theres a marvel logo in the beginning, what?

marvel bought the rights for spiderman for their movies after sony’s last 3 spidermans were shit. homecoming and the homecoming sequel were marvel, although sony is planning  to put out another spiderman movie that isnt shit, methinks
i dunno. it works from marvel. disney could pull a page out of their own books with this one
speeding tickets all around
need to learn new swear words? go parahax on showdown
would you mind sharing?
there is also a piece of plastic in the newer DSs cards. you can plug in your OG DS games into your 2/3DS and play them, but it obvs doesnt work the other way around
meme insider is insanely well done holy shit. keep up the good work guys!!
not saying its good because other people cant be wrong

it is great for anonymous transactions and privacy, as well as having a currency that isnt tied to a government. for some people, that is really important, otherwise it wouldnt have risen at all.

its like saying using tor has no real use over using chrome. maybe for you it doesnt, bot for other people, it has a real purpose 
bitcoin has been on a rising trend since its conception. there are definitely dips but it is rising nonetheless overall
2+2 is 4?
why did you downvote, then?
why?
stories say that no one who’s seen it has lived to tell others how it looks like
i know that you jokingly say that, but it was a common thing to chant during and after 1989 in my (former communist) country (beforehand, too, but you d be locked up and mysteriously disappear if *anyone* heard you saying that)

the way it went was something like (ill to keep the translation as close to the original as possible):

>I’d rather be a guttersnipe, than be a traitor

>I’d rather be a hooligan, than be a dictator

>I’d rather be a bum, than be an activist

>I’d rather be dead, than be a communist
same. they were the coolest unit in that game. the nukes were _nukey_ and fun, but were too destructive to cities and took a lot of cleaning up afterwards.
theres gonna be yearly star wars films for the rest of time. that, and battlefront games licensed to the wrong publisher every 2 years. its a vicious circle 
it’s a crosspost. it has the original title from meirl the sub, in which everything has to be named me irl
whats the probability of winning the lottery? [100%, of course, this guy has already won](http://abc13.com/society/20-year-old-wins-$451-million-mega-millions-drawing/2945034/). you guys better get your lottery money before it ends !!
the communist regime encourages corruption tremendously. it had reached a point where the mentality is ingrained in people’s heads. fortunately, the younger people grew up with less effects of its influence, and the countries are starting to lean more and more towards the western mentality 
the communist regime encourages corruption tremendously. its reached a point where the mentality is ingrained in people’s heads. fortunately, the younger people grew up with less effects of its influence, and the countries are starting to lean more and more towards the western mentality 
i dont know how you guys do it over there, nor do i judge, but we are civilised people, as opposed to you, apparently 

we impale them.
funny story, actually. i was in class and we were given this poem to read and discuss upon and i came across the word. i turned to my classmate, knowing he grew up in a religious household and was like ‘dude, what the hell is a seraph?’ to which he replied ‘ah, its this cool, very important angel rank. they can do all kinds of cool shit and they have 6 wings. they kind of rule all around. just imagine the most badass angel that you can, and thats more or less them’, which stuck in my mind.

either that or angel behind the dog park told me about it. but that would be absurd, wouldn’t it?

edit: I was bored, so i decided to translate the poem for anyone interested, as best as i could. The [original](http://www.romanianvoice.com/poezii/poezii/paradis.php) in romanian is called Paradis in destramare (Paradise in decay) by Lucian Blaga (written in 1926).

>The winged gatekeeper would hold out

>a spade handle, without flames.

>He doesn’t fight anyone,

>but he feels defeated.

>Everywhere on the meadows and on the fields

>seraphim with snowed hair

>thirst for the truth

>but the water from the wells

>refuses their buckets.

>Plowing without urge

>with plows of wood

>the archangels complain/cry

>because of their wings’ weight.

>Through neighbouring suns

>the holy spirit’s dove passes,

>with its beak, it puts out the last of the lights.

>At night, naked angels

>shivering, they sleep in the hay:

>woe is me, woe is you,

>lots of spiders have filled the living water,

>sometime the angels will decay under the earth,

>the dust will empty

>the sad body’s stories.
not yet
i thought a seraphim was just an angel rank? and that there were many types of angels, no? im not very religious, just been told that by someone
post on isis recruitment boards
ey man whers the non fried version
the beta is always buggy. full releases shouldnt be
that usually happens every 2 major versions, ive noticed. Odd ios versions introduce new featrues and even versions fix performance 
MacOS still uses version numbering, it’s just that the codenames used are more popular (High Sierra is MacOS 10.13), kinda like Android (Oreo for 8.0). iOS has also always had codenames (iOS 11 is Tigris). Honestly, dropping version numbering is just dumb, it’s a critical part of version control, along with the build number.
is there a non-fried version of this?
the uk also uses the imperial system for some things (most predominantly distances). i dont think they have/will have much problem selling things because of that
if you re on mobile, you can. in the reddit app, press the new post button, then video, then choose from your library. it will use reddit s hosting service (v.redd.it i think, or something like that)
its a shitshow, really. on the one hand, there’s people like kendrick that actually try to provide some meaning to rap and talk about social issues, providing some insight and making you wonder about how things are, and on the other hand, there’s lil pump that..well..yeah, i dont know what that guy is trying to accomplish in life. both of these are pretty popular
as bruno mars proved, people would rather pop win, than kendrick’s album (that honestly just has way more artistic value). the grammys arent about celebrating someone’s lyrical and musical ability, but, more accurately, a popularity circlejerk worse than reddit
depends on your view i suppose. some people (including me) consider the invasion of poland as the start of ww2. i dont think anyone (at least where i come from) paints the image of the soviet union as an innocent victim: poland was attacked by both nazi germany AND the soviet union, and split between the two in advance. definitely not innocent. the soviet union joining the allies after nazi germany broke the non aggression pact was a necessary compromise, which is why the us tried to get people to see them as an innocent victim, but im am quite sure that for the duration of the war, there was tension and distrust between the leaders of the allies
kenny gon release top tier albums every 2 years for the rest of his life and people gon hail him as god on earth but the grammys still gon give the awards to wheelchair taylor swift
the us has seen levels of immigration that the uk cant even comprehend. after ww1, ellis island would be more than overflowing of immigrants from all over europe, most of them either german or jewish, and they also didnt speak english. hell, one could say that us is a country built on immigration. i highly doubt that you would consider today’s us a failure. flawed? that could be said about any country, but certainly not a failure
[Klondike](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/IPod_game) was one of the default games that the ipod nano came preinstalled with
i bet you that in a few months, people will hate on ruby for the same reason, which is just such a shame, because ruby is so precious. ruby on rails is a joy to work with
whats the difference between cmd and powershell?
didnt they release something like ‘google play edition’ phones some time ago? i vaguely remember that few people bought those, because the vast majority of consumers just got the original version of devices. how would this be different?
you wouldnt wanna visit the countys in moldova then
/r/JesusChristReddit 
wouldn’t that *theoretically* be a disc? the circle is just the outline of a disc. pedantry aside, this looks awesome
that site is part of the cancer of the internet. that, along with 9gag and buzzfeed
because the internet is just as good, too!!
nani??
i’ve been down this rabbit hole before. i know there is no way out
impressive display of reasoning there, thank you a lot for the detailed input in this matter
not only is it a classic line, it has also made an appearance in the recent straight outta compton where its just as memorable. honestly, its like saying *what grown adult actually says ‘when this baby reaches 88mph you re gonna see some serious shit’?*

moreover, your outrage over a quote that some random stranger has posted on the internet is also hilarious 
>the gypsys are hiding behind that statue, arent they?

like this
the skits are half of the album at this point. he be walking round compton wit the voice recorer app open at all times, gotta get that og material straight from the streets (or straight outta compton as some would say)
they have the same processor and the X is a more feature-rich phone, dont be that surprised. the SE also outperforms the 6s in benchmarks, even though one is a flagship and the other isnt
five guys is a godsent. the one in the o2 is so much better than the ones in the centre, such as those near leicester square or covent garden, because it is so empty unless theres sth going on near or at the arena
SPREAD THIS LIKE WILDFIRE PREACH SIS!!!
well, i think they want it to be *good* wireless. the airpods just work flawlessly with the iphone. no matter how good you understand the technology behinde it, it just feels magical when you just open the case and they show up on your iphone, and thats probably because you re used to the shitty experience of other bluetooth products.
RemindMe! 24 hours
this is how they make money and how they keep their services free (how else do you think gmapps tracks traffic on a road? they count how many android devices are there). google is an advertisement company with expensive hobbies, and so is facebook. apple is a bit different: their devices are priced premium because of their focus on security (although a high price=high quality mentality is also in play, which probably drives prices up, too)
this is as far away from the historical city as you could get. about 30 mins by tube i think
at the one end of millenium bridge lies a religious building whose followers have decimated population. at the other end sits something much worse: modern art
there is still paris, which is just insanely beautiful
we will tug them here! NK missles cant reach anything beyond calais because of border control anyway
ah, that’s true, i dont argue that. iq is shit for measuring just about anything other than the insecurity of people posting theirs on facebook
the 100 iq mark is always the average intelligence
50% of people are dumber than the average person, by the very definition of average. that, right there, could very well objectively be named the most correct statistic on the internet 
i believe the posters in the london tube are upright! however, on long escalators, i find them to be disorienting
ce face romanu dupa ce se uita la rick and morty si trage din iqos? arata cu degetul la niste oameni care au decis sa isi valorifice constiinta sociala si sa iasa in strada, chiar si pe frig, ninsoare, ploaie. de-a dreptul jenant
Massive, if confirmed 
the sun isnt quite massive enough to explode. as it fuses more and more elements, it will expand to just below earth’s orbit (and melt everything on earth). after being this hot mess, it will gradually fizzle out until it becomes a white dwarf (like those stars smaller than the earth), giving off a small amount of light until it goes out
so is it possible that a star’s light wavelengths are so energetic that they are entirely in the UV spectrum?
Jupiter, Saturn, Neptune are also clouds of gas hold by their own gravity. They might not have a surface, as far as we know, because anything you send there gets crushed in the atmosphere, because of the immense pressure.
cred ca e mai ok pe alb-negru. in portocaliu, parca e flyer de la hornbach cu noua promotie la masini de tuns iarba
[He is talking about this, of course!](https://img.devrant.com/devrant/rant/r_839733_uLJLW.jpg)
if you know romanian, you could bullshit your way through either the romance tree or the slavic tree! double points!
i feel like bioshock infinite was really fun if you were the kind of guy to be able to multitask flawlessly in order to make good use of vigors. the vigors were really powerful, but i feel like the game didnt give you much chance to get used to them before introducing new ones, which is why i ended up using the same 2 or 3 vigors throughout the game
It used to be called The House of The Spark (*Casa Scînteii* in Romanian) and used to be a staple of the Communist Regime in Romania, The Spark (*Scînteia*) being the Communist Party’s newspaper. It was built in a stalinist architectural style (but not as massive as stalinist buildings in Russia), in such a way that it would be imposing in appearance (Romanian wikipedia says it is 5 times as wide as it is tall). It was intended to house all of Bucharest's printing presses, the newsrooms and their staff. After 1989, it was renamed to The House of The Free Press (*Casa Presei Libere*) and the lowering of [Lenin’s statue in front of it](http://www.dozadebine.ro/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/Statuie-Lenin-02.jpg) was one of the most important moments in the Revolution. I think the empty pedestal is still there. In front of the building now sits a [statue called Wings (*Aripi*)](https://bucurestiulmeudrag.ro/img/photos/s1920/57d054c2-a538-46d7-9243-136e592b13d5.jpg), symbolic of Romania’s rebirth. It was Bucharest ‘s tallest building up until 2007 (about 104m in height)
as far as i know, burning the US flag is the proper way to get rid of a flag that someone no longer needs. dont get me wrong, i understand their intentions, but they paid a lot of respect to the us with that
lots of words related to the romans have very different meanings than what we usually think of them today (dictator, for example)
[Don’t forget to check out its smaller brother in Bucharest!](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_qpE5hNwi618/TU1viQgmSDI/AAAAAAAANo4/K40hkyWgmrU/s1600/bucharest-1.jpg)
well, you gotta remember that the number of people in the world is also staggering to anything else in history, too. however, if you compare them appropriately, i am quite sure that numbers arent exceptionally off
london and other big english cities have been diversity magnets for centuries (visit museum of london & museum of london, docklands for a perspective of how many non-english people have been laying home in london since the roman empire, up until now). immigrants from overseas isnt a new phenomenon, as britan has seen foreign people coming within its borders for a very long time, its just that the majority were coming from its colonies, rather than mainland europe, and thats something that can’t be changed. there will be the same rising number of indians, arabs, nigerians on your streets (which i personally dont think is as bad of a thing as some people make it out to be. the US was built on immigration, and not necessarily the elites of society)
i will never acknowledge that as rap, but as a manifestation of an XXY genetical defect
or a 5-7 close range
and the shock wave broke windows all the way in norway if i remember correctly, and the shock wave circled the world 3 times (read it somewhere, im not exceptionally sure if it is correct)
kingsman 2 seems to get it, though
they’re definitely invested in MAD, considering the amount of nukes they have. sure, some of them are really old, but they re still nukes
oh, just use the runway in the 6th movie as an argument, just like everyone does! these movies really aren’t supposed to be taken seriously 
yeah, i second this. the writing in ff is very good and takes you out of the mundane world. im really glad that they embraced the ridiculousness of the franchise, one upping every one of their movies with the next, but trying to mantain the vibe close to earth (as opposed to, say, kingsman). i think the movies really have a charm of their own, especially if you go into the theatre wanting to have some fun
/r/FifthWorldProblems 
well, it depends. they re very stiff at first, but also very slippery. id say there is a middle ground, after you ‘break into’ them, that is best. that is, when they re quite flexible, but also glide well
ma indoiesc ca sunt diferente prea mari intre cifre. trebuia sa primim putin peste 4000 refugiati, dar pana acum [am primit 710](http://m.mediafax.ro/social/surpriza-ue-pentru-romania-cati-refugiati-au-fost-trimisi-in-tara-noastra-in-baza-cotelor-obligatorii-16692827). adevarul e ca aproape niciun refugiat nu vrea sa vina in romania, ci in orice alta tara mai din vestul europei. oricine iti spune ca romania va fi asaltata de imigranti este incapabil sa se uite in jur si sa vada ca romania nu e departe de ‘shithole’-ul europei, ca sa folosesc o sintagma la moda
ideea e ca persoana de mai sus a pornit discutia de la o anecdota, deci nu trebuia sa se astepte neaparat la ceva mai consistent.

daca vrem sa vorbim mai concret, putem lua [recensamantul din 2011](http://www.recensamantromania.ro/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/sR_TAB_11.xls) (putin outdated, dar este ultimul major de care stiu) si sa vedem ca dintre toate categoriile enumerate, turcii sunt cei mai multi (aproximativ 21 mii in *toate* municipiile, fata de totalul de aproape 11 milioane de oameni din municipii). urmatorii care apar sunt chinezii, aproximativ 1000 (la fel, in toate municipiile. tot din 2011 ar trebui sa existe un recensamant doar pe bucuresti, dar nu il gasesc pe cel oficial. oricum, cred ca e in regula sa luam toate municipiile). orice altceva a spus cel de mai sus, intra ori la gramada la alta etine, ori nu exista informatie despre ei. deci nu ii vezi tocmai des pe strada. daca tine cineva neaparat sa se uite urat la un imigrant, nu are mari sanse sa nu fie din europa:))
watch the video. he was trying to pace around and to show the back side of the flag to the people and the camera

edit: here you go, mate https://youtu.be/dYaclR2vdRs
>Amazing. Every word of what you just said was wrong.
stau in bucuresti de cand ma stiu si pana acum am vazut maxim 5 africani in metrou, 3 asiatici in sun plaza si niste turci la dristor tineretului si la cel din centrul vechi (si oameni cu bani, iphone ultimul model, airpods, apple watch, tot tacamul. cu toate astea, fiecare turc pe care l-am intalnit pana acum a fost cel putin foarte prietenos si de treaba). atat, sunt asa de putini incat pot sa-mi amintesc fiecare ocazie cu care i-am vazut. nu as spune deloc ca sunt multi, ci ca exista si pot primi statut de floare de colt, sunt pe cale de disparitie
really surprised that the image shows romania’s flag with a transparent background in the circle! (the flag is the romanian flag with the insignia cut off, as [that was the flag used in the 1989 revolution](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/55/50/46/5550469da6c57763cf5fdd16bbf85ea2.jpg)) it is a nice detail!
the romans were interested in the dacians as well, it seems. why else would they erect a [35 metre column](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trajan%27s_Column)?
technically correct 
of course there is a correct way to fly a flag, each country defines their own flag protocol. when displayed either horizontally or vertically, the union must always be to the observer’s left. the observer viewpoint is the only one that matters, because they re the ones who see the flag, not the displayer
the union jack isn’t symmetrical on all axes. if you remove st george’s cross, you can see that, on the hoist side, the white band is above the red ones. iirc, flying the flag upside down is either a sign of distress or an insult to the monarch (in which case, it is illegal in uk and the commonwealth and you can be fined for it)
when on the side of an uniform, the flag has to be placed so that is always looks like it is flown forwards(the union is always attached to the pole, so when on the right shoulder of an uniform, the flag is backwards, when on the left, the flag is forwards. rule of thumb: when in motion, the stars lead the flag). however, when *displayed* either horizontally or vertically, the union always has to be to the observer’s left (the observer is who sees the flag, so his perspective is the only one that matters)
even if there was such a thing as objectively right in this world, you still wouldnt be that
quite honestly, it ll be a while before the 6s gets outed. don’t underestimate its cpu, it is more powerful than you’d think. plus, in my experience, s models tend to last longer than normal ones. just get on with it and you ll notice when it gives off signs of wear, but i’d say it is good for at least another 2 years. have fun and all!!
but goose will always be in our hearts. if not there, then at least in back site a on d2
they gon call it detox i hear
i think eminem coined it in the last months tho

absolute trendsetter 
we must deploy our counter-shitposting forces
>	he was ruler of Wallachia

not once, but thrice!

this is gold, op! thank you a lot. if you wanna spend more time on this, you could work on removing the green around michael and the visibile line that appears in the middle of the screen after you tap (most visible on a white background, it cuts off his forehead). other than that, this is awesome!
snapchat’s newest filter
metro bucuresti: unde e o coada <1h la abonamente studenti?

update: la victoriei coada e de maxim 10 min
we dont talk about that. picadilly lights were always lit up, in our hearts
knowing french/italian+a slavic language will make your life better, but keep in mind that romanian is the hardest romance language to learn:) also, if you already know latin, the grammar would seem very easy
The end game!!
that name is just free advertising, and i bet at least *some* people will look up european JEDI to see what it does. it seems as though we are getting the hang of it
unsigned long long my dude
definitely. his strong suit has always been storytelling, i think. his beats really got up to par after becoming dre’s protégé (which is to be expected, anyway)
oh, definitely. up until the late 60s to early 70s, rock and pop music were literally synonyms, after which the meaning diverged considerably 
>likes pop music

>dislikes overplayed music

am i trippin? pop music isnt pop if it isnt overplayed, almost by definition. POPular music, thats where the name stems from. smh
same in romania, honestly. i remember last year’s nye and there were at least 10cm of snow everywhere and i couldnt feel my arms and legs after staying outside for less than 30 mins. this year, i grabbed a hoodie and made a fancy grill with some folks, stayed out all night. not only is there a major temp difference, but the absence of wind plays a big part in it, too
and it is not rare for words to also mean the exact opposite of their meaning (eg whack, sick,  terrific)
its an ios subscription dialog box, the same one is definitely for netflix if you pay through itunes
did op account for leap years and leap leap years (multiples of 100 but not of 400)? time is a bitch to calculate
quite honestly, greece had been a ticking bomb, financially speaking, for a long time, way before joining the eurozone. it is just rooted in the mentality (not actually trying to insult greeks here, merely stating the obvious, the mediterranean way of life doesn’t encourage the kind of productivity that drives economies). sooner or later, somebody had to step in, and i am glad that germany created a framework which manages to work, as the greek economy is slowly but surely getting up to speed. it is true that the measures taken were harsh, but i personally think that was a necessary evil
but, arguably, one of the most consistent US historical allys
basically a trilogy made in bad taste by now
the only reason we havent actually seen a disc release of the movie as of yet, actually. it has to be a cinema screen, or the aspect ratio suddenly becomes infinite. the technology just isnt there yet, but the engineers are working hard at it.
weak af honestly 
theoretically 
and i believe they refuse selling some google products that compete with theirs, such as google home
ah, the good ol’ pokeball scheme
NaN
the vast majority of british police do not carry weapons, do they?
Big Death wants to eliminate human labour!
more trouble than it’s worth 
Big Clothes are at it again!
because throttling the cpu to increase battery life seems like a decent decision made by the engineers at apple. their only mistake, imo, was not letting people know that it was going on, and not letting people disable that
throttle the cpu to increase battery life. your laptop’s been doing that for years but on the one hand, its probably not made by apple, and, on the other, you can go through a few hoops to disable it
question is, if, say, the phone gets throttled but their tool says that the battery is alright, can i not abuse the hell out of my battery and come back every day for as long as it takes in order to eventually get my battery replaced? this is something that i see users would do, because of apple’s weird fantasy of a battery test
credit to whom? the guy he got it off from prob wasnt the picture OP
technically correct, the best kind of correct 
the same way you could replace your prebuilt pc ‘s cpu, you can replace a battery. you just need a screwdriver, 20 to 30 bucks and to be willing to void your warranty. otherwise, you might also be willing to pay apple 70 to 80 dollars to replace the battery, you dont *have to* buy a new phone. my 6s is about 2 and a half years old and it runs as good as new on the newest ios 11 beta, but i’ve seen how the 5s struggles with it. by now, however you should expect that a 4 year old phone doesnt handle today’s software as well as its older brothers, especially when you see the astronomical differences in cpu power benchmarks between the two (1268 vs 4216 singlecore and 2140 vs multicore 10111, geekbench 4)
in 7.1 surround, no less
a poem needs
rhyme and
measure and rhythm
/r/NothingEverHappens 

you re on reddit, this site was originally 90% engineers with a lot of tangents to software and hardware development . you re bound to see a lot of things related to tech, thats just the demographic that the site appeals to, even though there are certainly a lot of people with no connection to those fields on the website
[more info](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cosmic_latte)
[Ordinary and temorary passport of Romania](http://sibiu100.ro/wp-content/uploads/2017/11/Pasaport.jpg). Pretty bland.
oh, that makes sense. thank you man
for people with an OLED screen, i’ve inverted it [here](https://i.imgur.com/jrpyX4a.png). i hope the black is #000000 but i am on mobile, so im not 100% sure
i’ve always hated chem, so can anyone tell me why there is a triple bond between the C and the O? I know C has 4 free electrons, but i thought O only had 2
and dont get me started on mclaren!!
and we have killed him
compared to a romance language, english is as steady as they come. i have always had problems with french exceptions and exceptions to exceptions and exceptions to exceptions to exceptions. they dont even make any sense, whereas exceptions in english are fairly straightforward 
yeah man the game is full of zombies, what a rip off
you can only whip a punch a chicken so much before you re hitting dead meat
a metal twisty-turn
geekbench scores and processor performance have been as good as new after changing the battery for everyone. it may just be that software released for this year’s processing is too demanding for 4-year old processors? but i wouldn’t know, my man
the processor runs at lower clock speeds to provide good battery life. kind of like the ‘low power mode’ on your laptop, but it’s always on. a good battery already provides a good battery life, so theres no need to lower clock speeds, so this is why changing your battery helps (and why people report better geekbench scores after changing them)
you can also do it yourself if you have a screwdriver
some of the replies contain repeats but i dont think ive seen keep talking and nobody explodes. definetely my favourite multiplayer game
fyi: that isnt forbes saying something, but someone paying forbes to host their site (every forbes.com/sites/ link is. only the printed magazine is meant to be taken seriously, they outsource most if not all of their online content). i might as well pay forbes to host my site and claim that forbes supports my opinion.

edit: just looked up the author. Alex Epstein has a book and a think tank pushing hard for as much fossil fuel use as possible. it only makes sense that he wants to discredit climate change, that makes more money for him
which still isnt a lot compared to germany, but their inflation rate is above their target, so that probably means another loan rate increase in the following months, which will probably hurt that economic growth. you really wanna know which european country has the fastest growing economy right now? romania. one sector where france IS an important player in europe is grain yields, which romania has just surpassed (which is terribly surprising, since their agriculture is horribly inefficient, so hopeful this economic growth may mean some modernisation there). what is more interesting is that hungary has 3 times the agricultural capacity of romania. there’s a lot of potential in europe, you see? if only people would take advantage of it
just the snare and the guest verse on there
>	all I can draw is stick figures haha

well, guess [what](https://www.xkcd.com)? not an excuse
CompSci! Quite honestly, I probably only know the more important states, because I’m applying from Europe:) Thank you lots, man.
WE GON PUT THE PROTEINS IN REVERSE
only reason i know thats NC is because i’ve just applied to duke
its gonna be light red hltv confirmed
of course it is, their slogan is in mexican^i ^really ^didnt ^think ^that ^my ^comment ^needed ^an ^/s
so this is why 2 taco bells were opened in bucharest in the last two months. cultural exchange!! ^/s
another easy way to remember that is thinking of 6 feet under. the idiom just means 1 fathom under.
i have never seen people bitch about a *good* 60$ game without micro transactions and first day DLC. case in point is Witcher 3: great game, full 60$ price, no micro transactions, dlc was released some time after the game and added lots of content. the community loves it
does r* even attend e3? i dont think ive ever heard of them there
people also used to know how many chains are in a league, but i dont think you could tell me that without looking it up. quite honestly, a better solution to this would be the metric system, though, not digital assistants 
weak bait my man
i call it the 8 mile effect 
lmao weak bait my man
ok but seriously, didnt he just decide to hold up a board saying ‘fuck you’ to every hacker in the US? i mean, if there is one thing that ive ever learnt on the internet is you never piss on a hacker, because they can fuck up your life before you can open your throttled google chrome
im quite sure they dont even have to spend that much
to be brutally honest, javascript is devil’s mark on earth and i hope future generations will eradicate it. it is a hell to work with, and confusing to students if they misplace something. i was taught pseudocode (aka python haha right? ok i made the joke now you dont have to make it in the comments) first year of cs in school, in order to understand algorithms and how to implement them, and then moved on to c++ and once you get far enough in c++, you can pretty much learn any programming language on your own. they re all the same concept, after all, its just the way that things are called that changes. oh, and in high school, after you get at this point in c++, you are taught database theory (mainly how to come up with an ERD for any kind of task), and then you move on to sql. i mean, i dont know how it is taught in other places of the world, this is just my experience after all, but it seems to have worked pretty ok for me
my man taking a chance humble braggin out here
to be honest, this would be a *great* logo for the metro or something like that. has 10 times more personality and is more likeable than any metro logo ive seen (which are just a blue bold **M**), except maybe the tube rondel
and one of the original books, too. i think its the last one that ian fleming wrote, with james bond as protagonist. definitely worth a read
modern day fermat challenge
i know you re joking, but this is a legitimate thing people do in villages in austria and germany. i rented a house for a week in a village and the owner was like ‘yeah if you need any help getting there, just call me. once you get there, go inside and make yourself confortable and if you feel threatened or something, the key is in a drawer in the kitchen”. when i asked him about it, he told me that everyone kept their front doors unlocked. he told me this also had some advantages, for example, if your neighbor ran out of flour or sugar or anything and you werent home, they could just go inside and grab some of yours, and you could do the same if you ran out of something. this amount of trust and this firm ‘quid pro quo’ mentality and integrity baffles my mind to this day
i am from europe, so that could be it
where i come from, the indefinite integral is called a primitive, and a definite integral is just an integral, and our teacher put a lot of emphasis on the fact that they re very different: one is a function, whereas the other is a number. however, i have never ever heard it called an antiderivative in my life, although a google search says that the term is correct.
aha! another proof that the earth is flat! 
they didnt say ‘put up obnoxious ads on screen’ per se, but rather, a user has to ~~give consent~~ be informed before a website is allowed to store stuff on their computer. obnoxious pop ups are a by-product of this, because cookies are just that: a website storing data on your computer. the law isnt there to annoy you, but rather, to make sure a website doesn’t pull off some shady shit, because you could be theoretically held unnecessarily accountable if they stored illegal information on your pc for example (not that i think that would ever happen, but the law has to cover every possibility)

edit: outdated info sorry guys
Depends on where you go. If you visit a large city, a lot of people, especially the young, will know english close to flawlessly. While I dont notice my accent when I talk (a lot of people assimilate either uk or american pronunciation, depending on who taught them, and along with that, you also learn a bit of accent), I notice the accent of some of my friends and it just sounds the same as how you would imagine eastern european english to sound (think of an ukrainian man speaking english, but not as harsh). I learnt english at quite a young age, but before that, it just sounded like gibberish, but it didnt seem neither like an aggressive (german or russian), nor a soft language(french). The best thing of the english language is the simplicity of the grammar, everything is quite straightforward as far as rules go (as opposed to romanian, which has a convoluted set of grammatical cases, tenses, voices, as well as exceptions and exceptions to exceptions and so on). the worst thing about english is the pronounciation imo, especially coming from romanian, where we have phonetic spelling (words are written exactly how they are pronounced: if *you* was to be written in romanian, it would be *iu*, for example)
would the pilots be able to see it? since the cockpit has a larger field of view than the passenger windows?
ah, my mistake

it is more or less chilly in europe and central and northern parts have seen some snow every here and there
to pimp a mosquito 
its december, not unusual for snow. the roses are mildly out of season, though
seconded op

 /u/kueiki please deliver
while km is SI, hours are not. SI are the multiples and submultiples of seconds (milliseconds, etc). hours happen to be 3600 seconds, the same way inches happen to be 2.54 cm
SI is m/s

what a rip-off
pe 30 se deschide si in mega mall, o alternativa la fasolea de pe 1 dec
but romania’s best times were the interwar period. the instauration of communism marked the downfall of romania both culturally and on the world stage: there is literally 0 meaningful culture in the country (books that are blatant propaganda , borderline religious are excepted) until a few poets and writers were allowed to publish books in the 1970 (and even they were subtly mocking the communist system, but the censors were too indoctrinated to realise it). Up until WW2, Romania was considered the most stable place in the SE of Europe and had the greatest output of grain and produced the most oil. Once the communist regime was introduced, USSR just vacuumed all of that as “war repayment”(Romania having to pay, in reality, more than 3 times the amounts stated in the treaties), and the forced industrialization (which provided little to no productivity increase like it did in some other communist countries, mainly because everything was built with cheap, unreliable parts, with designs stolen from the west, especially Germany) drove the country into the ground, from where it is still struggling to come out of. And i didnt even get to corruption 
you re right! everyone gets the same amount of no food. before the end of communism in romania, the shelves were literally empty and everything was strictly rationed. the only ones that were leaving *slightly* confortable were the members of the communist party. remember, too, that the romanian gouvernment was the closest to the communist ideologies in this time, as the ceausescu regime was the only one that didnt adopt the perestroika and glastnost policies (also why the romanian communist revolution was the only violent one)
Haha! If only it were that simple.

One would write î if the â is at the beginning or at the end of the word (eg a încerca-to try, a urî-to hate, but pâine-bread)

BUT the î can be in the middle of the word if there is a prefix before it or a suffix after it (a reîncerca-to retry)

HOWEVER the î becomes â if (but not limited to) an adjective is formed through the past participle (not formed by suffix or prefix: a urî -> urât-hated, but it can also mean ugly)
that’s technique, not lyricism. lyrically, you could say that lupe fiasco is better than kendrick, or technically, that eminem has better rhymes and structure than kendrick, but not gambino. gambino is good, but his day job isnt being a rapper
considering that he has updated to ios 11, i am quite sure that he can tell the difference between ios and android, so your question is redundant
i bet something like this will provide players with a sense of pride and accomplishment 
While that is true, iOS updates are way more frequent, generally speaking. Lately, the 11.2 beta has seen weekly releases (usually monday for dev betas, tuesday/wednesday for public betas). The iOS devs are really hard at work, honestly, they aren’t slacking off at all.
i am quite sure that whites are a minority on Earth, though
Guys!! I think we found him!! Catch him, Zuckerberg!
gotta waive the fuck you money
I ve always seen them as dystopian counterparts, along with Fahrenheit 451. In 1984, all information is hidden by the government through censorship (it is impossible for anyone to get it), while in BNW, there is so much information available, that the people are disinterested in it (you don’t exactly give much thought to something that you have an abundance of). F451 pictures the absolute absence of information that the government enforces. All of these are relevant to any aspect of life, more or less.
But is Take Two gonna sell the rights to one of the most valuable IP in the industry?
where will you be when poland’s economy will drive the EU?
true, but political power still grows out the barrel of a gun
they do. not only police, but loss prevention employees too, so they can get accustomed to the strategies that thieves use and make sure it doesnt happen in their store. it is a weird symbiosis 
the A11 is a literal beast and is currently at the top of the geekbench board (single core 4214 and multi core 10131, you are free to compare it with any phone, but i guarantee it will blow them away without any problem). apple recieves a lot of justified hate, but their processors are at least a generation ahead of what qualcomm and samsung offer
>literally do this

i assume you re in the know, my man
RemindMe!
fun fact: this was an interview question for oxford university computer science undergrad admission (although slightly altered) some years ago
so we cant really know until it comes out? who would’ve thought?
I was born to go sleep and i die hard and i die
what is this, a crossover episode?
i thought the big ben was under renovation and it wouldnt ‘bong’ for a while, no?
sure thing! a quick google search handed me this, scroll a bit, until after you re past that gif: https://rationalinsurgent.com/2013/11/04/my-talk-at-tedxboulder-civil-resistance-and-the-3-5-rule/
well, for the overthrow of a government, 3.5% of the population has to mobilize against it (takeovers have succeeded with less, but nothing over 3.5% has failed, and researchers say that it is impossible for a government to resist 5%), so i guess we could manage to take over some states, especially if public support for the current government is next to nil.
hey man i know this is close to two weeks old, but i just wanted to keep you in the know and tell you that there are protests against the government in romania (especially in bucharest) happening right now. colour me surprised:)

ahead of schedule, too!

edit: visit /r/romania for more information on protests. long story short, the government wants to set a lower bar for prejudice, sum of money below which the case isn’t prosecuted penally
yes, they do. if you dont have a facebook, they create a ghost profile of you and if you ever create a real profile, they will soon match it to the ghost profile
I say we boost their IQ to astronomical levels by dropping tapes of Rick & Morty. Can’t really fight a population that keeps on screaming “Pickle Rick!!”
i volunteer as a witness for the class action lawsuit from /r/karmacourt
no problem!! keep up the good work
i already had the game but i just wanted to tell you that you did a great job working on it and its a really great way to pass time on my daily commute. also, thank you for being a great dev and listenting to feedback and all, much appreciated
imessage doesnt strip it off, but i know facebook and whatsapp and most places where they compress your image, they also strip off the exif data
either opinion or purpose (dont beat me up, this is purely technical) are the closest (methinks), which is why both sound ok. i reckon it just depends on your perception
rinnegan doesnt equal auto win, shisui has kotoamatsukami (all mangekyo abilities are op, but this one is more so) and rinnegan doesnt protect against genjutsu
depends..id say shisui 100% if he got to use mangekyo
of course i can comprehend them, it’s exactly one second
all the starbucks in my area are pretty chill. they seem pretty quiet because theres this relaxing jazz everywhere, but you can still understand what the person next to you is saying. they also have 2 or 3 big tables for 6-8 people to sit at, so its a popular place for people to gather for a school project, and they don’t require you to buy anything to sit there (although most people do, so it ends up being good business for them). the baristas are talkative when the place isnt busy and they seem to like working there (they are mostly college students working part time), although i know(and have also heard anecdotes on reddit) that some starbucks treat their employees...less than adequate
xkcd.com

he also has a book or two
i thought brightness worked on an logarithmic scale?
the corruption is slowly, but surely being phased out, and the rate will go up as the older generation with communist ideologies is replaced by the young generation with western ideals and pro-european orientation. every few months there is a wake up call as corrupt leaders that are currently governing (mainly to a low election turnout, which the party won with the votes of rural and/or retired voters, which can be easily turned to their side by handing out buckets, flour and promises of raising their retirement benefits, using money that they borrow externally) make a misstep and alert everyone to what is actually going on. traditionally, every winter in romania is met with larger protests, with the 2017 february protests being the largest demonstrations since the december 1989 revolution. even the national day of romania is in the winter (1st of december). well, another winter is coming, so stay tuned for news from romania
definitely!! his visits to korea and china had a profound impact on him, and was later the reason the cult of personality gained such a proeminence in romania (and especially in the later years of his life, when it reached extreme levels, even for communist standards) it was also the reason that he started insanely expensive and massive projects such as the  House of the Republic (now the Palace of the Parliament)
ceausescu’s was also the only government that didnt adopt the perestroika and glasnost policies, so one could say that he is the only one that the communists should have any love for. the only reason the west supported ceausescu is because he openly condemned soviet russia’s actions

edit: spelling
i think everyone would like it if the hoom was different. i mean, i understand the concept behind the hook, but sometimes you have to make it more soothing to appeal to a larger audience. it’s a fine balance
as long as you stay away from the defaults and the very niche subs, reddit is quite alright 
mai mult gatekeeping cu limba romana decat academia franceza cu a lor
The Romanians also did it in 1938 at just shy of 30m [Image](http://fs68.trilulilu.ro/imgs/lordvader/coloana-infinitului-lucrarea-de-geniu-a-lui-consta_f9a7e9aec99cb9.jpg?size=original) 
and the 6s
you trippin man, FEAR is #1 on the album
they arent for the lack thereof either
ended famines? the soviet union basically starved ukraine to feed itself. as soon as the crops yielded, they would be transported to the central parts of russia(moscow, st petersburg) and there were hundreds of thousands of deaths in the outer regions of the soviet union. romania was not annexed into the soviet union, but was part of the communist block and had to heavily go into debt to capitalist countries, not to be properly fed, but to survive death, because most of the crops had to be transported to the soviet union. if it was part of the soviet union, you would see romania’s population less than a half of what it is now(especially because it was artificially brought up)
what is the incentive for becoming a top *anything* if you re gonna end up earning as much as a peasant who milks cows one or two times a day?
probabil ca ala calificat este indeajuns de destept ca sa nu sparga banii, ca de aia a ajuns calificat. de fapt, il cred indeajuns de calificat sa mearga in germania, franta, whatever unde tot are salariul mai mare decat in ro, si sunt indeajunse locuri. nu asa elimini problema, ci doar o muti de la o tara in alta
hippo lives matter
well, it s not 2023 yet 

!RemindMe 6 years
what if he was an US resident, too?
i am actually quite sure that most of your money ends up in a local highway or into your neighbourhood firefighter’s paycheck, not to an evil banker calculating loan interest on his TI-84 in the back of his closet
strong argument there, buddy, almost went right over my head
then it is halfway satire
it is most certainly satire, yes
anything is possible, giving enough time. a broken teapot’s molecules can rearrange themselves into an unbroken teapot, theoretically. sure, it would take a period several times over the heat death of the universe, but, theoretically, it isn’t impossible
that was his point
they make up an average apple user profile, approximate how many people will use the search function and compare that to how much money they made off a similar number of android users that more or less match the apple user profile
google is an advertisement company. they need as much data as they can in order to survive. they’ve pretty much dried out anyone with an android, but they need data on apple users too. if google paid apple 3B dollars, it means that the data they can gain is worth more than that. those people arent dumb. ok, well, not *that* dumb, there must be some kind of return on investement
try

    fastboot reboot-bootloader
i am really not sure, it should be, but it depends on the uploader i guess

like i’ve said, try looking for another one. i will be going to sleep soon, but also try forcing it to boot from fastboot, from your pc, maybe theres a conflict there? replacing the boot image helped me. try wiping your device beforehand, too

sure thing
have you successfully flashed the boot? might wanna try that again? if not, try flashing another boot image. before doing that, make sure that you can successfully boot into recovery
in theory it doesnt have to be a z3 compact, something with a similar processor architecture would work but i wouldnt risk it:) better safe than sorry

it shouldnt be extremely hard to find it though
it seems as though you flashed the recovery image over the boot image

it happened to me too the first time! dont worry, you ll be alright

first of all, flash the twrp recovery over the stock one so you dont have to deal with this later

    fastboot flash recovery twrp.img

where twrp.img is the recovery image. after that, look online for a xperia z3c system dump. finding the boot image directly would be ideal, but you might have to do some looking around and digging, depending on how the support for the device is. boot images can come from any android version, but the device has to be the same. you know you re looking at a boot image because the file name is literally boot.img

after finding it, type this to flash it over the recovery image

    fastboot flash boot boot.img

after a reboot, your device should be up and running again. please give updates and let me know how it goes!
it s a playlist that inevitably pops up after you watch a bunch of meme related vids. it has over 300 videos 
this is the first one ive seen! to be fair, i dont pass by this metro station often
you re just shifting the problem. who designs the AI?
detox pt 2
and vaslui is the better part? cluj, timisoara and sibiu i agree, they re better looking, but bucharest is the next best thing
if it pays better than you working alone, maybe? sometimes in life, you have to eat up the shit thrown at you in order to stay afloat
what is wrong with you man? isnt it called an union? 
and i have ios 11, too

shame on me
as long as you have an app to open them with, it can. you dont really need to download files that you cant open. if you have dropbox on your iphone, you can save anything there
and oh god did they put a lot of stuff on a si gle button: single click for home, double click for apps switcher, triple click for accessibility, hold for siri, double tap for reachability. its just so much stuff, but somewhere down the line, they ll include triple tap and click and hold or whatever any other combination they ll think of. its just too crowded
except the fact that population growth considerably drops the more developed a country is. in a first world country, more people die than are born each year, although that is off-put by immigration. the world population is set to never reach 10 billion and will plateau in the next few decades, as countries develop at an exponentially rising rate. even some developing countries face this phenomenon: in romania, more people die than are born yearly
what if he is found guilty?
if i didnt look closely at a 7 i couldn’t distinguish it from a 6/6s (assuming it isnt jet black). the main tells are the camera and the headphone jack, which are minor
political comics are supposed to be hyperbolic metaphors, not humorous 
it s a joke based on [this](https://m.imgur.com/TIKUC4y) image
so what?
there s always exceptions, you could almost say that all of kendrick lamar‘s music is giving back to the community. the irony is that chance didnt come from a low income area, his family was well off(not rich, but a bit above middle class)
j cole is literally the antichrist
they dont pull them, but they will not load up on ios 11
that cant be done without a central entity that decides fiscal policy for all euro nations, which, in turn, cant be done without federalisation, which is something that even a lot of people that love the EU are against 
yeah, but apple doesnt need to post random anectodes on reddit to boost sales. in their marketing strategy, the brand comes first, they want all the cleanness that they can get, with those bright white backgrounds, logos right in your face, slogans which dont make sense but sound beautiful and elegant pictures of products...it seems to me that the shitshow that reddit is, is the last place that they would go to
do you really think that apple would really spend some cash on a random reddit account for...what? brand awareness? making people buy phones without jacks? selling headphones that only work with like 3-4 models of phones?
he might’ve implied that there are no such things as student loans in denmark. and, indeed, in most northen countries in europe, you are actually paid to attend university 
tolkein studied philology at oxford before writing lotr. many of his manuscripts are in the bodleian library 
that means that they re good at their job, and it s one of the better jobs to be good at. makes everybody’s days happier
covrigii sunt o binecuvantare
i personally think that MAD has been the best war deterrant in history. if there is a total nuclear arms ban in place, it is true that a war would cripple their economies, but not enough that economic reorienting wouldnt save them(russia manages to stay afloat in spite of harsh economic punishments. barely). however, MAD has to be thoroughly implemented, and the most important part of that is making sure that there is no miscommunication between the parties
meh, despite the cash grabs in the last few ~years~ months, valve has been slowly(imo, slowly is the way to go in this case) balancing the csgo pistols which is a welcome process. they started with the op ones(5-7 and rekt9) and seem to be moving down the ladder and have been doing a good job so far. balancing has been great lately to be honest(second shot update, scout update), kudos to them, definitely better than what they had tried before(see: last pistol balancing update, assault rifle update)
kdot x cole gon be the next detox
Jeb: ‘ANOTHA ONE’
close to 100% of major comedy movies do that in order to put jokes in trailes that arent actually in the movie, or wouldnt even have a place in the movie. this way, the movie doesnt waste its jokes and the consumer gets a taste of the humour 
are you 10 years old? put down your gatekeeping sword and scroll past if you dont like the post, damn. or downvote it too, that’s how reddit works
worked with the mammoths 
define meme
might be naval cannons. similar cannons are on display in front of the imperial war museum in london, although they might be from ww1. they are, nevertheless, quite humongous 

edit: [image](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d6/15inchgunsatImperialWarMuseumLondon.jpg/220px-15inchgunsatImperialWarMuseumLondon.jpg)
well, most people root for the underdog because it s more fun if they win. however, in this case, the underdog is just anything that isn’t a superpower
Top 10 anime betrayals
he almost cut himself
and they load faster

google is ruining it for everybody
your phone already has a digitizer, it sits just below the glass. thats how it registers touches. it would need its sensitivity increased which, if i’m not mistaken, can be achieved software-wise(the folks over at /r/jailbreak might correct me). by increasing the sensitivity of the digitizer, the electric charge can more easily be changed, that s what ‘glove mode’ on some phones does. if you increase the sesitivity of the digitizer to a ridiculous amount, you dont even have to touch the screen for it to register a touch, because the electric field can be interacted with at a distance: thats how you can do those cool magic tricks on a samsung s5(i think that’s the model, it might be the s4 though), where you could hover above images with your finger to preview them
>it is well that war is so terrible, otherwise we should grow too fond of it

there, is that better? i like the version the guy above posted more, it has the same meaning and is way better worded in order to sound more natural 
kendrick can talk about killing people and drugs because that was the life he was born into and, after maturing, he realised how much of a mirage gang life and violence really is and now tries to convince people not to follow the path that he went on. now, i confess that i haven’t listened to everything that xxx has put out, but the 10 or so songs that i listened to have all been, well, underwhelming. i do, however, like Garette’s Revenge and i think that it’s one of the only songs where xxx conveys his feelings clearly, genuinely and actually brings up some kind of empathic response
and rapped it all in one take, if i remember correctly
api problems. you could say ‘google x thing’ amd it would bring up the google search results in safari
The picture in this post is ripped straight from NASA’s official facebook page. They might not have sent the letter, but they posted it online, along with the response
I know these kinds of letters are usually fake, but this one is taken straight from NASA’s official facebook page. Here is their post: https://www.facebook.com/NASA/posts/10155467353471772:0
wrong day to bring a glock
id rather have any than a coal plant tbh
because, it turns out, its really easy to figure out somebody’s real name from the things that they post. a while back, there was a sub (/r/doxme i think), where you could post and other redditors tried to find out who you really were. needless to say, after a while, people realised how easy it was, so it got banned
unless the map is cache
not telescope, but rather a gun barrel. shotgun barrel if i’m not mistaken
 Mom, I finna use the van real quick! Be back, 15 minutes!
sure fam
Does anyone have a list of all the quotes about time and such from the tiles in front of the O2 arena(I think that's where they were)? I've been there and took pictures of some of them a couple of years ago but i'd love to read them all
romania:

do you live in a cave?

do you not have a rock for your cave?

do you not have a piece of wood for your shack?

is your house slanted?
u2 on kendrick's XXX because, well, it is both recent u2 AND it sounds good. kendrick is a magician, it seems
the 'new kung fu kenny' guy? i think he was on TPAB, too
i hear they was filming loyalty a month or so ago. could be wrong, but i doubt kung fu kenny be missing the chance to show off the riri feature
but are you really a european country if erdogan doesnt accuse you of nazism?
a hyperbole, of course. i was just listening to the track and i heard it

now that i've taken a look at the LOVE. captions on genius, i know it for sure!! but i still think its a cool little reference, the sort of stuff that is perfect for this casual discussion thread
am i the only one who's just realised the 'love or lust' lines in DAMN. are a reference to kendrick's infatuation with sherane from gkmc?

>Love or lust, regardless

(sherane aka master splinter's daughter, verse 2)
username checks out

great banter
the floor is sherane
the same way the roman empire was also born in romania /banter
oh boy, my bamboozle insurance will finally pay itself off
late stage symbolism. the french would be proud
classic 
found the easter egg!!
i've heard a lot of britons using nil more often than zero, in a conversation
i dont care what y'all say, koolaid was fire
all you gotta do is crack open a cold one with your boys and all your trouble goes away
log out and back in. that should clear the cache and bring the size down to 200-300MB(which is still a lot if you ask me)
well, thats the thing, apple doesnt automatically manage cache, they just pass the burden upon someone else, which is ultimately the user, and the only way to properly clear cache is to uninstall and reinstall the app

or, apparently, sign in and out, TIL, OP, ty!! although, since signing out clears the cache, it seems as though apple gives devs some control over it. i dont think a 'clear space' option somewhere in the settings option would be a bad idea at all, most apps on pc and mac and, of course, android, offer that. it would certainly help people who are terrified of seeing these numbers since, quite frankly, even a layman will raise a brow, 1GB for a single app is just tremendously huge
apps like to keep some cache around for more than they should, which is why youll often see some (especially arrogant ones, that think that they're the only ones on your device *aham fb and instagram*) taking up like 1GB on some devices. clearing your cache once in a while is just good practice generally, you dont really need the photos that are hanging around from 6 months ago. good practice for developers would be to include a 'clear cache' button in their apps or, even better, a timer like 'clear cache older than x months', but i'm not sure that devs can do that on ios, so take this with a grain of salt
bonfire is the better song anyway
google assistant is as good as google gets, its definitely google maps tier when it comes to google services. id say its beyond running laps, but more so flying orbits around siri. one of the many advantages of having a metric fucktonne of the internet's data going through you, i guess
i mostly agree with you, but when google nails a product, they tend to stick to it (gmail, gmaps, photos). also, lens has been around for quite a while, but it was called google goggles. it seems as though it does the same stuff, but it got somewhat smarter and added new features to it, so they decided to re-release it under a new name in order to get more people to use it, but its a good service, ive always like it, its surpringly convinient
doesnt sound profitable for them though, and certainly too messy for google, they like to be graceful. and, most of all, it sounds plausible, so probably this idea is stuck somewhere below their moonshots, so, as much as id want to see a fully autonomous army, it doesn't seems like itd come too soon
this guy is just whiter Bruno mars? hes got the backup dancers too
edgelord 2017™
i think she got her danish citizenship
zealot of talent
thats true, but the instrumental chosen could be better, thats the only place where it came short, i think
there're uneducated whackos on both sides of the coin, its just that there are more of them as you go further to the east. arent those people that want to nuke the whole of middle east terrorists as well?
y=-|a|x²+bx+c
his life was certainly hard growing up and he was also close to the black panthers through his mom, that made people respect him enough to be seen as a gangster without actually being part of the crips or bloods(although he had loose ties with the crips through snoop dogg, who was one of his best friends. you can feel the emotion in his voice everytime snoop talks about him)
yeah dude totes up there my man shoutout to hoes and money, fuck thought-provoking kendrick amirite
i feel like hes salty for not receiving the second album so he decided to shit on damn to prove a point to himself
its just a bit interesting. mildly i'd say
>*'my parents didnt kill nazis in order for us to cooperate with them more than half a century later!!'*
/r/talesfromtechsupport
Now this is the story all about how
there was nothing to up from untitled unmastered, those were just b-sides that didnt make the cut to other kendrick projects(mainly tpab), the album itself doesn't have a narrative or some kind of structure like his other albums. even his OD mixtape had some duality and continuity throughout the songs. untitled unmastered were just some treats kendrick threw for us. im not saying its a bad compilation, but, unlike tpab or damn, it wasnt really meant to win anything
mr 1,5 on all-time metacritic
thats a double negation, so unstrategic impatience would be the same as strategic patience
(m-)Venusaur.
**ANOTHER WORLD PREMIERE**
/r/kendricklamar has already been put on suicide watch
hes really really real
EVERY NIGGA IS A STAR
dna gon be on gta 6 mark my words
if imma die imma make it look sexy
damn that makes sense
still waiting for good kid tbh. contrary to the majority,it seems as tho, i liked that track
where does that put loyalty?
on the one hand, i feel that, on the other, i think i feel like that bc i been having it on repeat and now that i got some fresh kung fu, im just tired of hearing it again. dunno just seems weird
if i got a second album theory imma make it look sexy
thank you, i was a bit confused, seeing only aftermath on metacritic's site
nah, must be the girl from OD
most: lets be real, its gotta be the dogg cousins. snoops voice is soothing, but i cant resist melting when hearing nate's voice, not only on hooks, but on his verses as well

least: eminems voice isnt the nicest, but, thankfully, it fits with his style
kenny ft kanye confirmed on second album
ab soul pls take the lead
a fair comparison to 2pacs me against the world would be sing about me('am i worth it? did i put enough work in?'), as both songs cover the same theme, posterity, recognition after death. and even without im dying of thirst, id say sing about me is above 2pac's take on the subject
the album is def vvv dark, the name fits it well
is damn's label top dawg ent or dre's aftermath? sounwave is top dawg, no?
lil uzi vert will remember that, kenny. better watch your back

edit: y'all trippin, i hate lil uzi vert smh
radios love riri, they'll play anything that features her. not only that, but kenny didnt only grab her for the hook, either
4 moves ahead of everyone else over and over and over again. this man a mastermind
most of the stuff on gkmc. im on mobile so i can only link the ones that come to my head directly, but [bitch dont kill my vibe](https://genius.com/Kendrick-lamar-bitch-dont-kill-my-vibe-lyrics) and [real](https://genius.com/Kendrick-lamar-real-lyrics) spring off immediately. but if you go through the tracklist, youll see more than some songs that have green lyrics
thing with rap albums, you have to digest them. most things only click after a few listens
i still wasnt done with tpab man. i didnt get my shit together but its your fault kenny, for nuancing your songs so much!!!
you better count every album 2 times
kenny sometimes annotates his own lyrics on genius. heres hope, id really wanna know
if we were to be fair, we'd count sing about me/im dying of thirst as 2 songs
its just came out. kenny has to be digested in order to understand him. at first i didnt like the lyrics on these walls but i loved the hook. its been 2 or 3 times since i went tip toe on that, loving the lyrics and hating the hook and vice versa. and thats only one example. just give it time and some more listens
i loved that. he also did it at the end of gkmc, to complete the narrative, but damn, is it a good way to end it. in gkmc, it symbolises the fact that kendrick's story is endless, it just happens everyday, while in damn, it just puts kendricks death in limbo
i think they were on something together on dre's Compton
kinda like snorlax
why dont you try to look beyond the intentionally arrogant and scuff hook and listen to the verses, and, more importantly, the skits at the end? its an integral song to the album's narative, being the last track
its not damn in the sense of 'damn, look at that ass', but more in the sense of damned, as in, doomed by god to fail. thats what makes sense to me anyway
good luck on your finals man! i know it can be a tough time but youll pull through it
uhm check again sweetie, desiigner is still alive
it seems as though the sub didnt get their shit together
its quite interesting that you didnt choose illmatic, it seems as though once you say nas, the next word in the sentence is illmatic. im not saying its a bad album, i agree with everyone else, its def one of the best rap albums ever, but its certainly not his only good album
i doubt it wont be the 7th. 2pac will be added to the rock n roll hall of fame on the 7th. it seems like the perfect release date for an album. however, thanks for sharing, every bit of information helps! its not like it would hurt anyone
yes, mainly. he also calls out photoshopping people to suppress their true traits
it's the unnamed girl from O(verly) D(edicated). appears in quite a few songs from that album
he just puts rappers down in bulk when hes angry
im just waiting for the next metaphoric hoe. we had that alien girl, keisha, sherane, lucy. pick your vice, i guess
>he never has

control verse?
5+ grammies im calling it
yeah im sure people mistake the 7 for a 5c all the time, or even worse, vice versa
elaborate on why this is a bad update?
im gonna gather a legion and find where you live, mate. no one says romanians are slavs and gets away alive and unflayed
the poetic justice instrumental is god-sent relaxing. i usually put it in the background while doing work. def the best part of the song. real, on the other hand, is exceptionally glorious. all people who hate real, just do yourself a favour and ignore the hook. the verses are amazing, they make up a great ending to GKMD's story. the skits, too, but, then again, the album's skits are half the reason it is so great. kendricks storytelling shines on this album, easily immerses you into his world, makes you wonder about where the dominoes really are, or what k.dot's mom's car's doing. this is easily my favourite kendrick album, if you couldnt tell
it is google we're talking about do it probably sends your location to their servers to calculate congestion. i, for one, know thats how google maps figures out when roads, places, whatever, is busy: they track how many android phones are in a certain location. i dont know whether it is waze, gmaps or google play services that sends the data though. this is also what ive been reading online, so take it with a grain of salt and dont be surprised if it is total bullshit
+
10/10 thank you a lot!!
remove
it's already in the app, just locked if not using a pixel/xl
I love astronomy. I always have. But doing the math shows that it simply isn't possible for humans to ever reach The Moon. I'm not saying flight isn't cool because I think it's badass. But I as someone who reads newspapers a decent amount recognize that this happens like literally every month and people get just as excited each time. Unless humans break the laws of physics some time in the near future then I'll just gaze at these planets and moons.

-Probably the opinion of a cultured man in 1919

now, dont get me wrong. it isnt called rocket science for nothing. but you never know what might lie 50 yrs from now. the only certainty is that, you cant imagine life half a decade from now, and you shouldnt try to either. lets just see where we lead ourselves to. those guys are only doing their jobs, after all. its not wrong to be happy about a discovery, it brings life and hope, and, thats what everyone needs anytime, tbh
i have been using the xposed module to activate it and that doesnt get rid of old statuses, as in, you can have both a status and a 'story'. i dont know how theyre gonna get around this, but i wish theyd keep the old text stauses, too. its a really neat and iconic feature that gives everyone a little personality
the featue has been in wapp for some months now, but it was server-side locked
regarding kendrick, his rise to fame was almost instantaneous when dre made him his next protegé(as has happened with most rappers dre chooses). I certainly know ive heared about him only after he signed with his label
on top of what others have said, /r/CasualConversation is a nice place full of nice people where you can, you know, have a casual conversation. pretty wholesome. they'd love to hear your story
i dont know how bans work on ios, but on android, they ban you for either 12, 24, or 48h. you have to unlock your account from their website tho, which is a hastle
my xperia z works when rooted, although i dont have supersu installed, my rom comes with its own root manager. that might be why
snapchat works with root, it just doesnt work with xposed installed
amazingly beautiful! thank you, op!!
its not like the EU is annexing countries, is it? you join by applying and can leave out at anytime. most romanians i know are proud to be considered european and i myself think of me as european as much as i think of me as romanian, i dont put one national identity over the other. id proudly sing the ode to joy anytime
you can swipe up from Google assistant to access the now on tap cards and functionality! try it! :D
when the fbi was after 2pac he ended shot in Las Vegas
my boy MR 305
thanks a lot, i havent recieved that update yet

sigh, well, it looks like every app is snapchat now
i persoanlly don't think i have that feature. youre sure its whatsapp youre talking about? can you upload a screenshot of the feature to imgur or sth if its not too much trouble
youd be surprised at how useful google assistant is
By the time you hear the next pop, the funk shall be within you
part of that is /r/me_irl 's meme renaissance tho, a movement away from depression memes that have taken over the sub towards more creative or more nostalgic memes(see: lego star wars)
to add onto that, it doesnt use anymore battery than the stock launcher. just like you can have another sms app instead of your default one, you can have a launcher instead of your stock one.(which cant be uninstalled, but wont run in the background either), so you shouldnt see a battery hit unless you use really battery intensive features(cant think of any right now tbh, but im sure they exist)
slav export memes
at least you cant get an F in that
they dont. you just see the hundreds, maybe a bare thousands that won against the odds. you dont see the millions that have lost money over case openings. also, most youtubers that you see dont really win money by opening a lot of cases, they win money from their views(not that much) and from their sponsors, that they kindly reference every 2 seconds, with a watermark, too. oftentimes, these sponsors will also provide youtubers with the cases and keys, and they just need to open the cases on camera to be provided with money
i only want the p2000, make sure to give these other great skins to somebody else:) as for my fav anime, i think it would be code geass. def watch it if you liked death note

https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=186663975&token=RHFDpGDq
software release versions arent fractions, the period separates different elements. it would not be uncommon to see something like 2.31.103b

now, version notations differs from developer to developer, but one would read that as major release 2, minor release 31, 103 patch/bug fix/any small change between minor releases that had for some reason or other to be released, beta
everything about the sg is objectively better than the ak, except the higher price tag and the slightly lower base speed
its a go-to swear phrase, closest translation that combines both meaning and usage would be 'fucking bitch' or something along those lines
theyre on your iphone still. 'deleting' them doesnt free up space and redownloading them just 'downloads' them in a fraction of a second and begins installing them. its just a 'hide' feature
the best of all time is subjective, but it's definitely illmatic level imo
has science gone too far?
its probably a spam bot
yes.
thats mostly because ruby is built with programmer satisfaction in mind and reads a lot like english. keeping your programmer happy is valuable, it directly converts into more productivity on their part and everyone benefits. ruby is by far one if my favorite languages
or through jumper cables
the animation budget has run dry, b&w from here on out
i've never thought of it as weird. at british council i used to be taught that its ok to write like that, as long as its not something formal to be written. then again, you shouldnt drop letters anywhere in formal writing
/r/nofap, god damn it
Thats a good thing. Im sure in its first 10-20 years, nasa had at least twice the explosions they had 
this is when it's activated, tho
real life poetic justice
https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=186663975&token=RHFDpGDq
depends on streamer, mostly no

https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=186663975&token=RHFDpGDq
1 - shawarma

2 - https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=186663975&token=RHFDpGDq
well, i have never....
Seconded. I've read some books in which the writers pointed out that, back in the age, englishmen could point out which town someone was from by their accent. It's always seemed so peculiar to me!
Beta testing ended a while ago
The mad man, amirite?!
A solid [5/7]
**WAKE ME UP INSIDE**

***CAN'T WAKE UP***
*citation needed*
Exactly. People seem to forget about our glorious Roman Empire heritage. To be brutally honest(and perhaps even called a racist), romas are in the same situation african-americans were in us, until recently: unwanted, former slaves, told to go back to where they came from. And this perception, while slowly, but surely, improving, wont go away for a LONG time

Kendrick's Good kid, m.a.a.d. city
Or use facebook lite. Its a lot faster than the main app
The real number is .22 . Most textbooks use 23 because it is easier for students to remember(.023x10^23 )

Edit: heres the full number: 6.0221409e+23
Minor text fixes
Tell that to hello games. Add a ps to make a good game next time. Or, at least, not ask AAA price for what they offer
Gnome Ann's Sky
Thats a straight syllogism, it can't be false unless a premise is false. And even then, it might be true
Seconded. I mean, i dont know good five guys is in us, but the ones in London(especially the Leicester square one) are exceptionally great and quite competitive to other burger joints(8 to 9 quid)
I'll send a pidgeon to Decebal right now
Yes, decoys constantly show up on the map and make periodic sounds of the last weapon selected whether they are seen or not, until they explode
enemies dont show up if they shoot, they show up if you or any of your teammates see them
Neither have i, maybe he was thinking about horse armour? That is a generic term for a cosmetic item, but i've only ever heared hats in relation to tf2
[Relevant xkcd](https://xkcd.com/1720/)
you can also add tags on google keep! very convinient

My favorite quote is “I’m Mohammad Al-Hikebap and this is my crib. I work here with my brothers and my son, Mohammed, and in 23 years I’ve learned one thing. You never know what is gonna blow up through that door.”
i just started it(currently at the 3rd episode) and i love the gravity falls overall vibe(which is great, really liked that show, wish it had one more season), and the mistery is well handled. this is overall a great show
 maybe op ate too many sweet and fluffy round pancakes!
 maybe it ate too many sweet and fluffy round pancakes!
git commit -m "Finish it in 2h boys, pack it up"
[But we've already known that!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kXs4qupd-sI)
Swift swim doubles the speed aka speedforce*2
True
Itunes is great on macs, but on windows?? I bet they sat at a table and thought 'ok guys, how can we make this consume more resources than the computer already has??'
Whatsapp has at least 1 billion users. Its used a lot here in europe, pretty much nobody uses sms/mms
Akin to many concepts, you cannot see/hear/touch electricity as much as you can't see/hear/touch love. But oh boy, will I feel like a god when I plug my Tesla coil into a socket and show it to the authors of this book!
Solved!
You're a godsend, thank you!
I cant see my depression memes because of all these slightly less depressing memes
Has pitchscience gone too far?
You will more often than not see it written as BHP on billboards(brake horsepower)
Reminds me of a certain meme...
42 for civ ;)
Another great idea would be to bring back the mob-controlled casinos, las venturas. A lot of stuff can be done for the gta series, theyve set themselves nicely
You can read the backstory on the wiki i think. It also explains the figher pilot training(played a role in his current behaviour) and how he met Michael 
Gus, dont be a silly goose
Definitely. I know the cod scene was doing ok-ish some years ago, but cs' is bigger
Seconded. It is the yin to 1984's yang
I think it's the other way around, people complain that dre has ghost writer (jay-z for example, IIRC), but he is a top notch producer
and the dont climb on the rail one
[Trade Link](https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=186663975&token=RHFDpGDq)
Sounds good, what episode?
dank.
Isn't it still bad in greece, tho?
There is no total free speech, nor is it possible to be implemented

Would you be ok if anyone could post the names and locations of all your secret service's undercover agents, for example, without facing reprocussions?
I think it's great, especially for a franchise that doesnt take itself too seriously :D
2fast2furious was really rad for the time, yo!
I've studied UK english and i've been thought to say maths(as in mathematics)
Smgs are 600, shottys 900 IIRC
We kept at it until 1918, i think we're gonna be just fine
Ty based 2pac
Use Root was checked at every step. I ended up using the action solution, thanks guys!
Xperia Z/5.1.1/Stock ROM, Rooted

I ended up using your suggestion, it worked flawlessly :D
Товарищ схокс
>***SO MUCH WATER***

-IGN
Highly unlikely
First lesson: сука блиат
I hate when clocks do that(using IIII instead of IV). Also, the clock in the painting had arabic numerals, had it not? Thats how i remember it. Etsy, please try to stay true to the original, please...
Зе енд
Сука блиат if we really want to be true to our origins
**Click it** or **ticket**
All the mathematicians i've met hate the ter 'imaginary', since they're as abstract concept as, say, an integer is. Nothing special about them, just a number. One could argue that all numbers are imaginary
*complex* numbers is the politically correct term, i think. A sassy bunch of numbers, I'm telling you!
You can also downvote if you disable subreddit style though 
I dont remember how autoexec works in dota, but in cs go, you could just type the commands in the console everytime you started up the game if, for any reason, you couldnt edit an autoexec. Is it not the same in dota?

In cs go, a lot of people would be really mad if they banned autoexecs. They are essential for anyone who wants to customise anything to their liking(such as crosshair, buy binds), especially since the settings menu is really limited in terms of personalisation 
Double standards
Spoiler alert: it's mew ;)
33
Dont confuse the cod team with the csgo one(which is basically the former g2). Just because the navi team is really good at csgo, it doesn't mean that its dota team is just as good(even though it is, from what I remember). It's just the organisation's name
Exactly, people were bitching around when photos was g+
I agree, nwa's influence was far greater than pac's on gangsta rap
It's just the way op put the question. He didnt ask for the best rap album, but the one that hasnt dated a bit
*VapeNation™*
Both irradiating people and burning people alive aren't really humane. They are 2 of the most painful ways to go
And that, kids, is how dictators came about

Except roman dictators were different from what you would call a modern dictator. They were only in term for 6 months, which could be extended to a year, if need be. Except for Caesar who was a motherfucking badass that marched his army into the fucking city and was all 'Look at me. I'm the leader now. Dictator, forever, you feel me?'. A true role model.
***DON'T TALK TO ME OR MY BOYFRIENDS EVER AGAIN***

In all seriousness, op, i think that guy is a tad more than delusional
It's on a case by case basics. You are guarnateed an immediate refund if you've bought it in the last 2 wks and have less than 2h on it. If not, they will analise your request(if it is a really big game and you have 4 hours on it, they are likely to give you a refund. If it is a short indie, and you have 5 hours on it, you mostly won't be receiving your money back)
Special attack on a whole different level
Follow-up: Write a response letter from their perspective. Helps even more, i'd say(at least for me, anyways)
Star wars the force awakens is on dvd i believe. Everybody is free to spoil the world!

*Happy May the 4th!*
Mine are a combination of brown and green(google hazel eyes) and the amount of brown/green changes on those factors, too. Sometime appear really green and sometimes really brown. When i was asked what colour my eyes were(for my passport), it made for an awkward moment(turns out they are classified as 'brown')
A little one, but damn, tomb rider is really optimiesed for PC. Colour me impressed
Amd's tressfx actually
Still better than independence
You dont have to have the app. You only have to link it(enter a number, steam sends you a code via sms, you then enter the code)
It does say it hasnt started yet, this is only the sign up
They'd have to....*walk* ***outside***
2pac is Kendrick's idol. He would've been really different had it not been for 2pac(if he has even been taked under dre's protective wing at all)

He even wanted to name his album Tu Pimp A Caterpillar, as an homage
Ah, the rumored savior of rap. He been capped up fo them holla sinz, dawg
Oh, thank you for your answer!
Slightly off-topic here, but is that how your country writes infinite decimals?

 Mine does 0.999999999... like 0.(9), or for any repeating group. So, 1.43434343.... would be 1.(43)

But, then again, we use commas instead of periods and vice-versa. We might just be weird
What university and faculty did you finish, if you don't mind me asking?:) 
The old town is the go-to area for night life. There are loads of shopping centres in bucharest, just google them :) as for parks, the best are herastrau, cismigiu and tineretului. A street loaded with history is the victoriei street, lots of historical monuments there, old buildings and such, and the former royal palace(now, the national gallery). Victoriei street connects university square(which, in turn, is right near the old town) to victoriei square, where some of the best museums are(Antipa natural history museum, romanian traditional history museum). Also, you will be using the metro a lot, it is the best transport system, so consider buying a day pass. Oh, and while some people dont seem to know english, ask for a student's or young man's help, most are bilingual(romanian and english) or even trilingual(mostly german or french), they are really friendly. Dont forget to google everything in advance, and look up other people's impressions!
462

https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=186663975&token=RHFDpGDq

Bootylicious
~24~

https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=186663975&token=RHFDpGDq

Nachos, yo
The flip knife, but all of them are preety good looking :)

A jolly good day, i'd say. Got a b+ in physics :D

https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=186663975&token=RHFDpGDq
Ma boy Marvel(Palm Beach County rapper) hittin the lists. Word
Or just use .50 in-game sens. Same thing, mostly, and he doesn't have to change mouse profiles if he changes games
Sorry man :((

Trade link: https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=186663975&token=RHFDpGDq

Profile link: http://steamcommunity.com/id/belairee
BITCH I WANNA PARTY LIKE CHRIS FARLEY
I was ironic. Both are fucked up
That would've been fucked up, man...
Oh, he was actually running the other 8 in separate virtual machines
What a steal!
It's only 1yr tho, it is more common than one would think. At least try to keep it up!
What is the kakashi one? I usually skip fillers but it seems as though i've missed some good ones!
June 1st here in Romania!
I'd say rayquaza. Primal rayquaza.
well, you can't really have -2 apples, can you? you just imagine you have -2 apples or you say you have 2 less apples. but one cannot hay he has -something of anything
*aren't* i meant, sorry for the confusion
Everyone else is (rightfully) bitching about the fact that no-one uses checkbooks anymore, and that is true. However, someone should tell that kid that all numbers are imaginary(one could argue that natural numbers aren't, though), not only complex numbers. And yes, you will need math for that checkbook. Maybe even to solve something that DOES look like *ax^2 +bx+c*
Sure thing op! We will review them if you wont :))
Gay and retarded
44
1. Witcher 3
2. Rocket League
3. Metal Gear Solid V

44
Well, excuse me if I'm ever in a generous mood and want to make someone's day better
Commonum shittum
You can disable certain apps from sending you notifications on android
45
I fucking love using my xperia in the shower. It's the simple things...
Is he, though? I remember seeing that he was 15 or 16 somewhere. Maybe i'm just imagining things
Except when it's not
D E S I G N A T E D

E

S

I

G

N

A

T

E

D
Please don't D:
When she draws the last exodia card
I have a girlfriend and i do. She enjoys my wallpaper as much as i do
The Call of Duty guy must've fucked a thousand moms or more
I hear winning a nobel is instant pussy. Bragging rights is a bonus
The worst offender, in my opinion, is okay to ok to k. What the hell was going on there?
Wasn't babe short enough or what? Whats one more letter? :/
It's a port city, so it's more than reasonable to consider it a mix of many cultures :)
The end of spring, i'd say, sometime around may. It is warm enough for you to enjoy yourself and the surroundings and cool enough for you not to sweat like a pig and pass out on the street. Of course, september is a good choice, for the same reasons :)
Grenades are bugged, but the theoratical max damage you could take from a nade explosion, with kevlar is 56. A nade will deal 100 damage only if you dont have kevlar, it hits you first, than explodes next to you.
Not that the turbocharged, home made source1 is a masterpiece of an engine for csgo..
I wanna go to an automated ATM machine
Kappa
He said a friendayyy lmao had a conversation with customer support
Thats it, thank you!
Rock-solid logic
Huh. I'd thought they also updated some of the weapons to be more high res or something like that. The dualie in the old photo def seems more blurry
We are the 1%

*hails GabeN*
I hear that guy has friends in high places, like *4chan, the infamous hacker*
45

https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=186663975&token=RHFDpGDq

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_tilYlhSj4
Biting Hydra or something along the lines of that :))

as for the shadow daggers, maybe 'The dark is gonna bite you' :D

https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=186663975&token=RHFDpGDq
[45]

https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=186663975&token=RHFDpGDq
[nobody knows how a hard drive looks like](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IWTH7mB4rXk&list=WL&index=5)
[330$, thats so cheap, yo](http://www.amazon.com/Samsung-850-mSATA-2-Inch-MZ-M5E1T0BW/dp/B00TGIVRYU)
this kills the game
MISSILE LOYALITY AT ITS FINEST

*UNLIKE THOSE TRAITOR MISSILES*
*spinning intensifies*
God==EA

1
Jenny and Zack

Damn, that was a tiring time to be browsing reddit(and fake as fuck, but quite funny nonetheless)
I only know c++, so excuse my ignorance, but there, there is a switch command that i've learnt should deal with a ton of ifs. Is there not such a thing in Java??
because of the tecs. nothing is much more satisfying than a successful tec rush :>

https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=186663975&token=RHFDpGDq
45

https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=186663975&token=RHFDpGDq
445

Falchion Knife, because the balancin animation is soooooo cool D:

https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=186663975&token=RHFDpGDq
Jedi Galore :D

~45~

https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=186663975&token=RHFDpGDq
45

https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=186663975&token=RHFDpGDq
***What nuts?***
Hey op

I'm not participating, but what you SHOULD do is edit in the wear of the skin to recieve points for your giveaway(just read the rules in the sidebar link) :D
2^16 =65536

Beep boop, I'm not a bot
All them sand dunes D:
Speedforce, yo
Is it ok if i start a game by rightclicking the taskbar icon(i dont have desktop shortcuts, nor start menu shortcuts)? D:

I'm too scared to doubleclick it
No wonder since football is almost a religion in brazil D:
>xaxaxaxaxa

Russian FTFY :>
Good internet infrastructure
thank you, adn happy holidays :D
4030

9045

https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=186663975&token=RHFDpGDq
https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=186663975&token=RHFDpGDq

the fact that there's no snow(at least where i'm living). i hate snow...i'm more of a summer type
~45~

https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=186663975&token=RHFDpGDq

the p2k would be great :D
https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=186663975&token=RHFDpGDq

i said i wanted a fast car, not a nerf gun!
45

https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=186663975&token=RHFDpGDq

nice knife, op :D
45

https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=186663975&token=RHFDpGDq

ty op :D
GAWY:45:

TY OP, you the MVP