He just changed roles. 
Eminem hasn't released a good album in over 15 years. 
I mean, it’s not quite that easy. 
Maybe related. My 2012 WRX hill assist, ABS, and traction control lights were on in my vehicle. I changed the switch stop lamp and that solved my issues. 

It was a $25 part from Subaru. 
They also beat them at the dreamhack qualifiers. 
But, beer. 
Where do you live in Canada? 

I’m going to Disney World in May could maybe ship something. 
It’s not even played in pro league though. 
You don’t have to stand in a line, it’s all done on your phone. 

If you don’t have a smartphone there are kiosks where you wait 30 seconds max. 
Well you only get so many in a day so you obviously still have to wait in line for other attractions. 

Which is why you book them for the more popular rides and then wait in the smaller lines. 
No?  Everyone can pre book their fastpasses as long as you’ve bought the tickets in advance. 

And once you’re at the park fastpasses are available to everyone. 
I cut at 2800 calories. 
My biggest complaint is she doesn’t read off a blurb from a search and instead tells me a few websites she found and I have to click on it. 

Google Assistant will read off the things that it finds. 

Other than that I have no issues. 
You learn to do it without it. 

It’s not as hard as everyone makes it out to be. 
Nice Subaru behind you. 
You can buy it direct from TELUS. 
I mean the Kardashians are pretty savvy business people. You don’t make that kind of money off a sex tape. 
This just isn’t true. I used a 5S after I sold my 7 Plus for two months on iOS 11 and nothing like that happens. 
They’re only ok if they velour sweatpants. 
I've been playing since launch and disagree on the new maps, I've found them to be either too large or too intricate. 

New ops though have been have nothing but good imo. 
In Edmonton I think me and my girlfriend were the only two that were standing for Vic Mensa. Over half the arena was empty and when Jay came on it was packed. 
Don’t forget Jay Z. 
What phone are you using?
If your idea of a better rapper is a comedian turned mediocre rapper I don’t think you should be so judgmental. 
Hello fellow adventurer. 
It’s also insecure to the point that you can’t make payments with it. 
Everyone does that with all you can eat crab legs because they’re delicious. 
Crisp clean lock boys. 
You don’t have to look to look directly at the phone for Face ID to work. 

I just lean over to it while it’s on my desk and it unlocks. 
Yeah I think you just have to have something connected once to have the option to display it because I don’t have my headphones connected right now but it still shows my phone. 
I’m pretty sure it’ll only show up when you connect a Bluetooth device to your phone, headphones, watch, etc. 
They still put the red stick in them in Canada. 
Yeah I’m not too worried about it. If I was I’d use a case. 
My stainless steel band is very beat up. 
It shows them bad. I’m careless on my silver and after the first day it was heavily scuffed. 
Depends completely on the lighting. 
Interesting I just assumed they were made in the morning then reheated for the ticket. 
Who makes pasta sauces to order? 
Mines been naked this entire time and I have zero wearing. 
That respirator probably isn’t doing much with that full beard you have. 
Do you have TrueTone turned on?
It also turns off the pixels above the home bar as well so there is space people would be able to swipe up from without hitting the bar. 
Now companies just put a clear vinyl wrap on the front. 
They handed out Tim Hortons here. 
I’d trust a kid before I trusted someone that wears a studded bracelet.  
Doesn't have an A11 in it. 
I haven’t, but I’m stuck on a November 22 shipping time. 
Any iPhone. That’s Apples return policy. 
My left leg is an inch longer than my right due to my birthmark. I have to wear a lift in my shoe. 

My left leg is also half red from my waist down.  
uPlay: Contour_
Face ID. No other phone has it. 
Use a VLC stream?
They actually gave free cases with the iPhone 4, they let you choose from a variety of them. 
No new body design? The iPhone X is as different from a regular iPhone as you could possibly be. 
Type in the code?
5.8" screen, the physical dimensions of the phone will be between the 7/7 plus. 


I have a 7 Plus and have already sold it in anticipation. 
That's only having to save a little more than $100 per month. 
Clipse?
The macaroni I buy cooks to al dente in 6 minutes. 
We get raw chicken when I go to hotpot here in Canada. 
STI vs Evo
But it's not dangerous just being in a school with it, it needs to be disturbed for it to cause a problem. 
Yeah,I got floor west 18 seats 7 and 8.  

What section did you get? 
I just got floor seats for Edmonton 😎
North America is a pretty big continent. 
They're still paper passes, I've been here all week on a 5 day park hopper. 
I paid $28,000 for mine put down $15,000 and my payments come out to $300 a month. 
You don’t seriously count the amount of squares you use do you? 
This is just to get into the qualifier for the major. 
They're not in the major yet. 
But Louis C.K. isn't and says it tons. 


It's not the southern Killer Mike.
HMD, who is comprised of a lot of old Nokia execs. 
Well if you're ever back, Tony's Pizza Palace, Rosebowl, and Pho Huong & Mama Pizza are all kilometers ahead imo. 
There's your problem. 
We have pretty good pizza in Edmonton. Where'd you go? 
Yeah because the Immortals org knows why fans are being assholes.

Get real dude. 
A dashiki.
Maybe not now, but you're missing WTT, American Gangster, Reasonable Doubt, Black Album, etc etc. 
05 and 06 are two different body styles. 
I think a lot of it's exaggerated. I use iTunes on my windows machine for all of my music listening and have virtually no problems. 
I'm 6'4" and have no problem getting in and out of my WRX. 

Granted I'm also only 25.  
So she should get a free ride in a house he owns? 
Wasn't even close to a beta on iOS. 
There's one in LA too. 
I used to have that same problem and one day it just starting working in the app. 
Also who ties your sensitivity to your FPS in a shooter 
She's also stuck on the lease if anything finding a new person to take over her last 6 months is on her. 
That's shitty. 

I actually just bought a 2012 WRX, the actual Subaru dealership let me test drive it no problem, with just me and him, I didn't even ask he just asked me if I wanted to do it when I asked about the car. 

The second dealership I actually bought it from let me and my dad test drive it without him. 
His 2012 will have hill assist that prevents that from happening. 
I never really understood the hate it gets. I means it's just two pieces of chicken. No different than eating a couple pieces of regular KFC. 
They probably don't care because they'll just pay someone to do it. 
It's not on the App Store anymore. If you've previously had it you can download it though. 
They're all pretty comparable with Touch ID on my iPhone 7 being better than my HTC10 by a very slight margin.  
They're $1049 starting in Canada. 
They're more than that at retail for the 32GB in Canada. 
I got my Plus 2 weeks ago and it's on 10.1.1. 
Yeah but they tie your sensitivity to the FPS. 
It's water resistant because it has mesh which prevents droplets of water from getting inside the phone not steam or a high pressure stream of water. 
The recoil is easier on consoles compared to PC. 
Yeah there is, it's essentially like paying a second phone bill. 
You can buy car starters where they give your car a phone number and you text it a certain code to start and it let's you know once it's started. 

Anywhere you have cell service you can start you car. 

You mean KD. 
http://www2.hm.com/en_ca/productpage.0346617007.html

Sold out
Yeah, mine never get dry. 

Even after the month they still don't bother me but my optometrist said I have to swap them out every month. 
I actually just had my eyes checked and they're healthy as ever. 
I wear my contacts for a month at a time without taking them out. 
My Compustar won't allow you to put into ready mode without being in first gear and having the ebrake pulled. 
Your anecdotal evidence doesn't mean much. I've dropped my HTC10 countless time with no case and the screen is fine. 

The aluminum is really banged up but otherwise fine. 
I wish it was like that, basically everyone is a recruit but you pick your gadget and attachments on your gun. 
Apple Care + is tied to the serial number, he doesn't need to transfer anything. 
A beer and clamato is heaven. 
You showed him, dude. 
That's just being irresponsible. 
I use Viper on mine. 
I only ever get waves back from other WRXs or STIs. 
I paid $150 for my GA tickets in Edmonton. 

edit: from Ticketmaster
I had floor seats last night. Amazing. 
I'm 6'4" and fit comfortably in my WRX. 
Matty Matheson
26,000 KM. 
Paid $28,000.

No problems with the dealership, they didn't give me any grief. 
It is. 
You're right, he's never going to truly enjoy his 550HP supercar. 
Are you in the States?

In Canada I get 3 weeks vacation, 24 sick days (accumulating at 2 per month) and at Christmas we get 2 weeks but have to use either 3 days vacation or take 3 days unpaid. 
3M is clear. 
Yeah that sentence makes them feel good. 
We have them in food courts in Edmonton. 
And the iPhone will be ahead of the Note 7 when it comes out.

We come full circle. 
But the 10 is 5.2"
Well yeah, the iPhone is almost a year old. 
Your metabolism doesn't affect weight gain/loss a large amount, the reason you're not gaining weight is because you probably aren't taking in that many calories like you think you are. 

http://www.mayoclinic.org/healthy-lifestyle/weight-loss/in-depth/metabolism/art-20046508

http://dailyburn.com/life/health/metabolism-myths-weight-loss/
Metabolism usually doesn't account for much weight loss. You're probably not eating as much as you think you are and on a consistent enough basis. 
I swapped out my Chocolate more than any other phone I've used. Was full of issues. 
Yeah that's the worst. I've had games where we are losing and we end up coming back and once we are in the lead the other teams starts to throw. So when we win they can say "durr we weren't even trying."

I've watched the demos and they were actually trying hard and communicating until they start losing. 
http://imgur.com/LZYH2uK

I don't have it. 
It's not on Tidal either. 
But it's true. 

http://www.popularmechanics.com/cars/how-to/a3894/4302788/
A case. 

A case of Bud. 
I didn't lose any radio and nothing went crazy and I'm S-On.

And if you're worried you can back up your stock ROM and revert back to that if you want to, the mistake that I made. 
I have a custom ROM on it right now and want to go back to bone stock. 
Thanks.

I also don't understand why there is no international RUUS.
No shit 
http://imgur.com/LYK2p48
Tidal got me floor seats as well for $149.
I actually have floor seats which is why I'm trying to sell these. 
I got my amex pre sale tickets. Hoping I can get better seats though during the general sale or Tidal pre sale. 
What timezone though 
whoosh
Unlock your bootloader. 
The 10 has a LCD screen. 
Same Bluetooth issues for me. 


When people talk about a high or feeling like shit when not going I just can't relate. 
I go to the gym 4 days a week and have been for years and I still don't particularly enjoy it. 

I'd much rather be home playing games or something. 
My girl loves balls in her mouth. 
I have this, makes the phone easier to grip.
Well, can't win them all.
Whenever I hear 2-lane highway that means you have two lanes a right and a left. A single lane highway is what your referring to. 
http://developer.android.com/preview/download.html

Keep in mind its a beta so there are bugs. 
It's in dev preview right now, you need to be enrolled in the beta program.
I did the OTA. 

Completely stock. 
Mine does the same thing. Since I've had N installed on it, it hasn't happened again. 
You're one of those guys. 
I'm pretty sure they send you a DRM free download so it's actually yours forever, 
Anyone's payment going through to buy the album?
iPhones have Airdrop which allows you to transfer files wirelessly. 
We have Apple Pay in Canada. 
Because you can only critique someone if you are pro yourself. 
:(
I'll take it

http://imgur.com/52RPYnq
I have port wine stain on my left leg. Usually people have them on their face. It covers half my leg from my toes to my waist. 
I think it's because it has to be a lot higher of a grade to be eaten raw. 
Our dollar is terrible. 
It's only happening on PC. 
He's good if you're really low health he can shoot you in the foot then revive and you come back with more health. 
> 
> 

* UplayID: kiteeeeeeeee
* Country: Canada
* Mic: Yes

Play after 4 or 5 mst
I was only able to fix it by creating a brand new UPlay account. 
I'll give that a shot. Are you on 1920x1080? 
I could play AW on my 580 no problems, this game isn't playable. I had to buy a 970 and I still can't play at 1080 without it dipping in FPS randomly. 
H&M has $7 tshirts. 
I do alright. 
Easily a day. I usually finish with ~60%. 

I really don't mind having to charge it everyday because I don't sleep with a watch on anyway so it's no hassle. 
You say that until you actually get one. I thought smart watches were pretty useless then I bought a Pebble for cheap, then upgraded to the Moto 360, and now have an Apple Watch. 
Sounds like you're just playing better players. 
G400s is pretty similar. 
Smash Brothers Brawl online was a mess. 
Yeah but it's disgusting. 
That's just not the same thing. The whole draw with iMessage is that it uses your data. Pushbullet just pushes your texts to another device. 

Not even close to the same thing. 
But there isn't one true replacement on the iPhone for iMessage. Everything requires you and everyone you want to message to download a third party app. iMessage just works. 
That's just not true. 
Straight leg jeans fit just fine over boots. 
If you check manually manage music you can add singular songs and not have it sync your entire library. 
You can drill into concrete with a regular hand drill as long as it has a hammer drill setting and you have a concrete bit. 
Where do you buy your clothes? I'm also 6'4" and I shop at H&amp;M for shirts and have never had a problem wearing any type of jeans. 
Pretty disappointing to be honest. 

Especially considering the iOS9 beta broke Aerolink, so my 360 is useless.
It's causing massive battery drain and overall lag on my Moto 360. 
It's set up the same way as it is on BB10. 
My Moto 360 is spotty at best with the workaround I use now so this will be welcome. 
Dudes using his iPhone upside down. 

Edit: Might be so the speakers are facing up though, looks like they might be playing music on it. 
If you didn't talk about being down voted constantly you probably wouldn't be. 

Just state your opinion and move on. 
No you couldn't.
Probably something to do with him losing money on his first GTR that he traded in. 
It's actually only $50,000 more. 
Those bezels.  
But that's the point of the Surface. It doesn't even come with the type cover, it's separate. 
Yeah, specs of a budget phone alright. 

http://www.tomsguide.com/us/iphone-6-benchmark-results,news-19584.html
I would be curious how it's better than the iPhone because it's also extremely accurate and responsive. 
That's not a grilled cheese, that's a melt. 
Solid point. 
Its the worst when I used to wear glasses. Makes the TVs totally useless.  
They have TVs in the mirrors too when you're getting your haircut. 
I was thinking the same thing. 
That's really awesome. They're playing in a couple theaters in Edmonton, Canada. 
That's not an obscure law, they were poaching. 
Looks better imo. 
What year?
I always take gravol when I can't sleep. I take 3 or 4 of them (don't know the mg) and it knocks me out in half hour and i wake up feeling incredibly refreshed  
Metabolism doesn't have has great of effect as people think on losing/gaining weight. 
I'm Canadian and just spent a week in the States. Their physical money sucks, paper bills that are essentially all the same colour and they still use pennies. 
And Reasonable Doubt and The Black Album and Vol 2 and Vol 3. 

I wasn't sure if you were talking about the song or album so I added Vol 2 anyway. 
Apple designed the entire chip though. Samsung just manufactured it. 
You're telling me, I was the one who had to search for it.
http://explosives.wonderhowto.com/how-to/make-explosive-toilet-bowl-cleaner-and-foil-bomb-269848/
Pretty sure its the making of a homemade bomb. 
Since when does Amazon.com ship to Canada? I thought we were forced to use .ca. 
The train sounds like what I'll want to use. Looks like ART goes to the station too which I buy tickets for because of the location of my hotel. 

Thanks for the reply. 
Does anyone know if this is permanent? I'm from Canada but going to LA st the beginning of June and would like to pick it up. 
But what about The Eminem Show?
Looks jailbroken. 
Awesome thanks. 

I have to write my 2 provincial exams.  
I just finished my 4th class schooling. 

What field do you work in?
May long is always just awful. 
I lost it when he was cutting the vegetables with a butter knife. 
You can change that in settings. 
But there is a hardware switch above the volume. That's simpler than turning the volume down. 
I was having this exact same problem, I had the phone sitting on top of my wallet that had a chip card in it.

Thanks a ton. 
This is the dough I used 

http://www.seriouseats.com/recipes/2013/01/foolproof-pan-pizza-recipe.html

Sauce was just - tomato sauce, tomato paste, chili flakes, fresh basil, fresh oregano, water, sugar, garlic, salt and pepper
What about all of the engineering that went into designing it? The materials may only be worth so much but R and D is expensive. 
Kiteeeeee on Evolve
Is there a source on the amount of pre orders for the Apple watch? 
Those are stringers. 
Just buy a scale. 

I eat 225 g of pasta so I always cook the exact amount I need. 
Yet everyone downplays NiP because the other team wasn't playing their best. 


When that happens to me I just hit the home button then it will open the second time I try to open control centre. 
Fancy sauce? 
$20 a month? That is fucking expensive. 
Community servers. 
Plus most are a higher tick rate. 
My only complaint was the plastic, it would get so oily and full of fingerprints. 
They're not RIM anymore. They changed their company name to Blackberry. 
The sidebar has all the times and where you can watch the games. 
Isn't the second roll only gift cards though? 
The only thing that would have to go back and I don't think that I have a great way of 
I find reheated spaghetti has the worst texture. 
They probably made you wait so long because no sane person gets no McChicken sauce, if anything you should be getting the extra packets. 
That's why I shop at H&M, $6 t-shirts for life. 
Allu is a better player than Mak though. 
They won't. People are going to continue to play and buy keys/cases. 
I always thought that at the beginning and end of the Titanic movie, where they interview Rose, was real. Like she was a real person on the ship and they were creating the movie based on her experiences and they had her do interviews. 
Leaving games effects your RWS though. 
Best song on the EP imo. 
Powerlifting is a weight class sport though. 
I have one, I don't use a case and keep it in my front right pocket at all times. Where I work I'm constantly climbing ladders and bending over, etc. nothing has happened. 

The bending issue is over exaggerated. 
Widgets don't suck on iOS, they're almost identical to their Android counterparts. 
Metabolism doesn't have that much of an impact on someone losing/gaining weight. 
H-Hour, I think it comes out this year. 
I have 4. 
What the fuck? 
No company would fix it under warranty, you should really be mad at yourself not Apple. 
I guess you shouldn't have dropped your computer. 

There is also nothing stopping you from trying yourself or getting a third party to do it. 
I fail to see why you're mad at Apple you were clumsy and dropped your computer. 
Smartphones. 
Just eat more food. 
I've been using one as my daily driver for the past two weeks the software really isn't bad once you've installed Snap and patched the Google play apps it works quite nice together. 


BBOS as a base isn't terrible everything runs smooth. 
I used to do that too but I was in such a habit that I would just shut the alarm off without thinking that when my actual alarm went off I did the same thing and wouldn't wake up. 
Aside from the switch on the side of the phone. 
That's a horrible comparison to make considering that is running stock Android not LG's skin.
There is no way to see screen on time. 
The BAL has it right on the side of the weapon, you can see it no problems. 
Must be an iTunes only bonus track. 
You probably don't eat as much as you think you are. I bet if you started counting calories everyday to a number above maintenance you'd gain weight. 
People have different uses. I have a 16GB iPhone 6 with 7GB still available and I consider myself a power user. 

Everything I use is either in the cloud or streamed. 
I thought the Nexus 9 was soft touch plastic. 

I don't think it's aluminum. 
In what way is Windows playing catch up? 
There are other minerals that you would encounter in your day to day that are harder than sapphire. 
Almost every app on iOS supports swiping to go back so it's a moot point considering that's a one handed gesture. 
Space grey is always black screen. No option for white. 
At this point we are arguing in circles. 
You can hold the phone in landscape and you get a few multi window apps. 
Yes but in the sense we are talking about swapping things from memory to disk its a laptop because its x86. 
So its a touchscreen laptop. If it was a Windows tablet it would be running RT not the full version of Windows. 
http://www.phonearena.com/phones/size#/phones/size/LG-G3,Samsung-Galaxy-Note-4,Apple-iPhone-6-Plus/phones/8347,8577,8908

Yep, the iPhone is big compared to both, the G3 is not giving you a very good representation of the size. 
The G3 has significantly reduced bezels. The 6+ is significantly larger than the G3, holding them won't be that similar. 
How does smoking a bowl at night prevent you from being a bitch during the day while you're not high?
That isn't ridiculous. That guy is lifting 405lbs, I don't know what everyone is expecting him to do. 
Oh boy, I totally misread that. 

Sorry!
You are severely underestimating how many calories someone should be eating. You're telling him to eat 500 - 800, that is just not the case at all. 
We skip on the vodka. Light beer, whiskey, and pink lemonade concentrate. 
We use whiskey instead of champagne. 
The brand who makes those shirts is a high end clothing brand and is not out of range of their usual products. You're just dense. 
I wasn't comparing WP with Android. Only saying that flagship Android phones do not lag like everyone says they do. 
That just isn't true at all. Flagship Android phones are not plagued by lag. 
Yeah I can see how that would bug someone. I have a G2 and when I first got it I hated how small the bezels were because I would touch the screen all the time. Over time though I have gotten used to it and now I never hit it on accident anymore. 

Takes a lot of getting used to. 
Where is that setting? I cannot seem to find it. 
Its for the signal bands, they can't penetrate aluminum.
Metabolism doesn't account for that much in weight loss and gain. You're probably not eating as much as you think you are. 
I had the same problem. I used http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2477595 to fix download mode then used the LG support tool to flash back to stock. 
More along the lines that she probably doesn't care about the difference between a hard drive and RAM so no use getting upset about it. 
You're probably a real hoot at parties. 
I did that with a phone once. The guy had it posted for $450 so I had my girlfriend text him and offer $300. I emailed him (after talking back and forth for pictures of the device) eventually I offered $400. He ended up not responding to my final email and I got it for $300. 
Nexus 4 was LG. 
Ghost's solo interview he is extremely polite. 
I live in Edmonton unfortunately.  
Big talk from the Nova. 
I just bought a used Blackberry so hopefully I can figure it out because this phone sucks. 
Can you get into download mode? Turn the phone off and hold the volume up and plug the phone into your computer. 
Yes. It just brings me back to the same screen. 
Yep, the worst thing is that I don't have a customer recovery on it. That's when it bricked.
No, when I connect to it to my computer it adds "fastboot processing commands" and PDANet recognizes that there is a device connected but it does not show up in Windows Explorer. 
That also needs the phone to be in download mode which is impossible for me. 
It was on stock rooted and its the International version on TELUS. 
Unfortunately because I cannot enter download mode that method won't work.

Thanks anyway. 
I'm really curious how a 5s is too large for your pockets?

Can you post a picture of the phone in your pocket?
Even seeing the word Hitler triggers me. 
Wahhhhhh
Its not really needed. Just play on competitive custom servers, no rankings on those and a lot are 128 tick. 
We play with red solo cups and when it lands in the middle you have to slam your drink and play flip cup with it. Last person to flip loses. Makes it easier to see who was last. 

We also do kings cup in the middle. 
Take DNP. 
Small people can gain weight just as easy as fat people can lose weight. 
Finally getting shows in Edmonton. 
This just isn't true about Android anymore. Sounds like to me the last time you've touched Android was Gingerbread.  
I have a G2 as well and to be honest the G3 is starting to look really good right about now with these current leaks. 
Those bezels are huge. I was hoping they would cut down on them.  
Bezels will be smaller. 
I had a 1520 and I find Google Now more intuitive. Sure Cortana had a notebook where I can put I am interested in food but Google Now  shows me places that are nearby and I find it shows me things way more frequently. 

Maybe it's because I'm in Canada though. 
Wait,  an iPad doesn't even come close to something like a 3DS. I have no idea how you would even argue that. 
I had a 1520 I would advise against. 

When you unplug headphones with music playing the phone still thinks they are in and the only way I was able to fix that was a reboot, 2-4 times a day my screen wouldn't unlock and I would have to do a soft reboot,  the touch sensitivity is still really awful, and more of a personal note the blue tooth was crap with my stereo in my car. 

Also the music app is still really bad. 

The only plus side I had of it was the free Office that it came with. 
Its x86, your apps are anything you want and I guarantee that there are better music programs made for windows when compared to their iPad equivalent. 
You're the man, that was it. Thanks a lot!
Just use an Excel spreadsheet to count them. Google has a fantastic calorie counter built into it, just search for example, 200g chicken calories and you get the calories and all the macros as well. 
It's micro sim.
I live in Canada and mine does it. 
8.1 has support for on screen buttons. Take a look at the 630. 
The last two pictures are of the 630, that's why there is no flash. 
Thanks for supporting Windows Phone. 
tileUp is better and made by a Redditor, support that dev. 
That I have no idea for sure but if the podcast app is on Windows phone you probably are able to. 
Ever thought of getting a Lumia 520? 
Transparency Tiles allows you to make it and others transparent. 
Same thing happened when the iOS 7 dev release was out. The store was flooded with people complaining. 
MS didn't market the dev preview, everyone else did it for them. 
They are selling them new for $775 and my used one cost me $575, they didn't have the specific model I wanted new and the one I purchased looks brand new. 
Yep, right off Whyte ave. 
The store gives you 30 days. The phone itself also has warranty with Nokia. I bought mine used, so it doesn't have that long with Nokia. They also sell them new which I would assume have the full warranty with Nokia.    Edit: I don't know if the Nokia warranty will work internationally though so keep that in mind. 
Bought mine from the store in Edmonton, couldn't be happier. 
It's called gift voucher you should be able to search for it. 
Did you get free games as well? Or know where to find them? 
I have zero problems on TELUS, I buy my phones unlocked anyway so it wasn't a hassle paying full price for my 1520. I also received the free voucher Nokia is just now giving out.  Having my region set to the US is a little annoying due to things not using Celsius but having Cortana is worth it. 
I'm Canadian and using an unlocked international Lumia 1520 and I received $25. All I had to do was set my region from US (using Cortana) to Canada and redeem the code and then swapped back. 
$150 for Surface Pro and $100 for Surface RT initially and both are $50 deductibles . 
omg
Is it macaroni though? That is a requirement. 
White cheddar KD is amazing. 
ZenMate Chrome is better. 
2GB. 
My 1020 doesn't refresh the page when I leave the app and then come back into it. Clearly it isn't happening to everyone. 
The iPhone hardware is hardly outdated. 
1train
That's GZAs album. 
Isn't RCT on the Mac App Store? 
Both are football? 
You can turn off glance screen when the phone is charging. The only time it would turn on is if you get a notification. http://i.imgur.com/Tfcb9Va.jpg
You can back it up on iCloud or iTunes so you have a second point if something fails. 
You're actually comparing Office to Flappy Bird?
This is completely doable on Windows Phone with Glance Screen. 
Are you having issues with it crashing? I can't even seem to finish a game on my Pro. 
Dolphin, I assume. 
Yes! Thank you so much. 
This place also had a name. Something conservation? I think. 
I thought it was by the ski hill but I really don't remember. The person who posted it had a huge collection of pictures. 
If not you can always order off www.staples.ca. 
Staples in Canada has them for $500.00 right now. 
Getting my hopes up for nothing :P
How do you get it to have a solid colored background instead of the usual live action weather? 
What weather app is that? 
In no way was I talking about Homefront. 

What does that that have to do with the conversation?

edit: I didn't realise you were talking about it up there, oops 
I mean that's just wrong. I've played tons of games with no cheaters. It doesn't happen to everyone. 
I have a 2002 SE, the V6 + 6 speed is fun. 
If you want to PM me an example comic I can test with OneDrive on my phone and tell you what happens. 
Microsoft gaming division =/= Windows Phone team. 
I haven't tried the MIC. Only the music controls. 
Yes it does. 
I have Apple Earpods, my 8X only responds to the play/pause and skip track. No volume control. 
Not really, iOS7 was ~1.3GB so if you wanted to install it and didn't have the space you had to remove apps. Windows is at least giving you the opportunity to re download the apps again to the SD card.  
But can't you delete everything on the phone download 8.1 and then install the apps onto the SD card. Seems inconvenient but I don't see why it wouldn't work.    
Good news is though you can make room by putting apps on the SD card once you make some room for 8.1. 
Aesthetics wise with apps, UI, etc. 
I am in the minority here but I prefer a walled garden approach to phones, which is why my daily driver is an iPhone.

The consistency of the OS is about the only reason. 
I own both. The Moto G is superior based strictly on its screen. The 520s looks bad but I do prefer Windows Phone 8 to Android. 
Aside form the fact Windows 8 isn't a mess. 
I've lived in Canada my whole life. McDonald's has better coffee. 

/shrug 
Rob Roy. 
Possibly you were Jailbroken? 
Weather does not. 
Canada has better steak. 


Make carbonara! It's easier and better tasting (in my opinion) than Alfredo. 
When you say that it looks like he might have been, if so sorry /u/Jeremy8318!
Okay? I only said that it is fine with the majority of apps, nothing about him being pressured into releasing it early. 
Except that's not the case. It works fine with the majority of default apps.  
I paid $80 for my WaterPik :(
I don't touch any Metro apps, I feel like the way of navigating is superior. But when I boot I jump straight to the desktop. 
Yeah, there's a learning curve. To be efficient you need to know the keyboard shortcuts and once you do it's flawless. 
But you don't need to utilize touch gestures. You don't even need a mouse to do anything. 

Everything is a keyboard shortcut, pressing the Windows key and typing a program name isn't a new concept and it works all the time. 
Those aren't carrier bloat? 
Trigger warning, dude. 
It's bad when my Moto G was upgraded to 4.4 but the X isn't. 
I turned it dark and made it 720 x 1280 for phones.

http://imgur.com/9WiXht9
I'm on TELUS and I got the update this morning. 
LIGHTWEIGHT BABY!
Oh right, aluminum isn't premium, one of the better performing processors isn't premium, one of the best cameras isn't premium, and that's scratching the surface.

I never said anything about innovation. 
We are talking about today's smartphone not when they were just being released. 
Sounds like your last sentence is implying Apple doesn't put top end specs in their iPhones. 

Which couldn't be farther from the truth. 
225lbs came from 180lbs at 6'4"
/r/thathappened
Watch the Ghostface Killa one. 
Same thing in the Canadian App Store. 
Maybe a no brainier for you, I use the timer app for breaks at work, cooking and at the gym. I get way more use out of it. 
I have better specs than you and I don't get 500-600 FPS. 
Happens to me. No idea how to fix it. 
Isn't the back more of a gentle curve compared to the harsh edges of the 5s? 
I have the black 2008 MacBook. Works fine with simple web browsing and programming isn't that taxing on a system so you should have no problem. 
Damn, you're a huge dickbag. 
R.A. should be higher. 
I can't speak for all but when I worked at an electronics retailer they did the exact same thing and that's at two different locations. 
Christopher Driven
The thinness and lightness of the phone and the incredible processor come to mind. 
That's really close minded, you're acting like the only new feature of the iPhone 5 was a larger screen. 
Wait until we get the new stadium then artists have to come. 
But Apple doesn't require any of that sort of thing. Everything is tied to the serial number. 
Oh boy.

Megapixels don't mean a thing, GHz don't mean a thing, RAM doesn't mean a thing.

You are just comparing raw numbers which isn't right, the 5s benchmarks higher than the S800 and the 5s doesn't need 2 GB of RAM. Your whole posts shows you don't know a whole lot.

http://www.macworld.com/article/2049270/benchmarks-iphone-5s-lives-up-to-the-hype.html
Except the battery, camera, and screen do compete. Plus the processor blows high end Androids out of the water. 
But it has a micro SD slot. 
Hitting the Windows key and typing to find the program or file you need. 99% of the time I need to type the first few letters and it finds it instantly + keyboard shortcuts. Whenever I show someone that they think I'm a wizard. 

Aside from all that it's faster in every regard. 
This is basically it right here. Microsoft needs to do a better job marketing what you can do on it. The start screen is incredibly intuitive when you know what you can do with it. 
The start screen doesn't discredit the use of a mouse and keyboard in fact using a keyboard on it works wonderfully. Hit the Windows key and start typing for the program you need. Seems pretty easy to me. 
AFAIK defuse is only ever 5 on 5 no 32 or 64 player servers. 
No, you're right. Windows is completely useless. /s
But its free with the Surface tablets which is what this article is talking about. 
I was using Interval, you have to turn the sound on in the settings menu for the timer. I had no idea. 
Remember October 22nd, Nokia is probably going to be announcing new tablets. 
Oh, I had no idea. I don't use it, so I really can't comment on it much more than that. 
My 520 has DataSense to monitor my usage. 
Is there a timer that displays the time left on the lock screen and one that will make a noise when it is complete even when not in the app?
Two fish are in a tank, one looks at the other and says, "How do we drive this thing?"

iPhone 5 
Just click and drag the button and if you get a ghost image of it it's fake and if you don't it's the correct button. 
That trend did come back just not as big. 
Same thing as you and I'm not running the beta drivers and I float around the same FPS. 
Yep. It's one of the better sensors you can get in a mouse and the shape is perfect. 
I have a Logitech G400S, I bought it for the sensor. 
It's because Apple does things well, everyone else not so much. 
KTT has the single worst fashion section. 
Do you really feel like you're qualified to make that sort of decision based on one beta map? 
Your PSU has to power everything else in the case too. 
The 5 wasn't a slump either when it was released, sure it didn't have any new features but purely spec wise it was impressive. 
Except the 5s mops the floor with every current gen phone. 
Sensors being all the same is not true. Optical is better than laser and some sensors have acceleration that can't be turned off. 

In the grand scheme of things it really doesn't matter though. 
> Alienware tactX

I've never used that specific mouse but don't you have drivers that you can program your side buttons to a letter? Then set that up in the game? That's how my G400S is. 
What kind of mouse do you have?
It's always been like that. 
I once bought some clothes from a guy and a few years later Facebook has him as someone I might know. We never once used Facebook and we live in different countries. 
I have the same thing but it covers almost the entirety of my left leg. 
AFAIK they had to. 
2x4 is a board of wood. It was snapped and probably had jagged edges. 
Then they obviously aren't selling it to you because they wouldn't be doing it if no one bought it. 
They weren't though. This is replacing the iPhone 5, so the prices match up. 

This isn't a low end phone and was never meant to be. The rumour mill just assumed it was. 
When I finished my bulk I was 230lbs. So I am the same height as him but 90lbs heavier. Shit is crazy.
But the iPhone 3G to 3GS wasn't, neither was the 4 to 4S. Logic would say that the 5 to 5S won't be a huge jump either. They have literally followed the exact pattern.
What exactly did you expect from them? This falls in line with what's been happening since the iPhone 3GS. 
What exactly did you expect? 
Generally you need a cable for the initial setup on a wireless printer. 
I had a Note 1 when it was released for a month before I went back to my iPhone 4 and I had a Nexus 4 for a month before I went back to my iPhone 5. Not only were they both uncomfortable to use the battery was also atrocious on both devices. 
Yes. 
It means he won. 
I work at a call centre. I really don't mind it. My co workers are awesome and so is management. 
It's chicken breast stuffed with Swiss cheese and spinach. I seared the outside then finished in a 400* oven for 10-15 minutes.
Wait, you won't play the game because you can't change your in game name? Who cares? It's actually one of the better new Splinter Cell games. 
This is the only lifehack I use on a regular basis. I've never stuck my finger in my ass before though. 
I can see my TV when I'm in the bathroom and have the door open. 
Have CS in your Steam library for 5 years. 
Weird, I still use a 2008 MacBook and my girlfriend still uses an iPhone 4. 
Yes. 
It's been doing it since Beta 3, it just didn't work 100% of the time. 
Because we are on a predominantly male website? 
Mine shows lifetime and I got the app when it's was free that one day. 
As long as you don't keep your back rounded its fine but most people round their back when doing it. 
Sit ups are bad for your back. 
When you click an app it has a zoom animation that effects the apps around it and makes them pixel-y. 
Can vouch for this guy.
I'm 6'4" and eat 4000 calories a day. I'm at 216 lbs right now, looking to get to 230 lbs. 
Ours does as well but if we are giving out personal info we still need to verify with something. 
I work in tech support. I only ask for account number if I need to give you information from the account. If all I am doing is trouble shooting I won't even ask for it. 
My Nike Roshes disagree with you. 
I'm 6'4" (so not quite your height) but I would absolutely pay extra to have more space. I love sitting in the emergency exit aisle. 
It's not at all. 30 minutes is pretty average but tons of people still can't. 
I would get maybe 2.5 - 3 hours of on screen time with my Nexus 4. I'm getting 5.5 - 6 hours with my iPhone. That right there is a huge deal breaker. 
I just did that. Went from my iPhone 5 to the Nexus 4 and couldn't even last a month with it. The battery life is so bad I couldn't even get through a day, not to mention how often it crashes or I had to reboot the phone. 

Never again. 
Wrong thread! I'll try and find a source.

  http://www.apple.com/ios/ios7/features/#airdrop 

Here is it saying it works on Bluetooth also, I'm still looking for the WiFi comment.

 http://www.macrumors.com/2013/06/02/ios-7-may-include-airdrop-wireless-file-sharing-capabilities/

And here in the comments people explain how it works without needing to be on same network. 
You don't need wifi for AirDrop. 
Mine did not work. Says I need to register as a developer on the portal. 
Rofl, no. I have a habit of resting my hand on my chest. 

It always happens. 
She probably isn't eating as much as you think she is. 
Eh not really. I drink a protein shake that is 1000 calories (sometimes I drink two if I don't eat enough) and 12lbs of it only cost me $70. So it's ~$35 a month. 
How do you go above 91 FoV?
Not even on the back? Just from setting mine on the table it was scratched to hell. 
Yeah. Not sure why you expected a company to cover something you dropped. 
They can't tell who bought it. Only the warranty info. 
Oh I know, it's just silly that they talk about bringing it back like the old CoD when Black Ops 2 had it. 
We get it on PC on almost all the CoD games. Black Ops 2 has it.

Heated gas, break, and clutch pedals. In Canada once snow builds up and turns to ice it's awful. 
I have a Bills hat in my inventory, I probably get 1 person a day begging for it. 
Where is Ghost Recon Online?
The Nexus 7 is relatively cheap and really can't be beat. 

Can't recommend it enough. 
I don't use any password method and it happens to me. 
Where are you located?

I'm in Canada, not sure if that makes a difference. 
I'm on a Nexus 7and still have not received it but on my Nexus 4 I have. 
I'm running stock but rooted and it doesn't happen to me. On my Nexus 4 I'm rooted with Francos kernel and it doesn't happen on that either. 
Ordered one, sad it's probably going to take a month to get to me.
Yep, you were right. If only EA told me to do this before I wiped both HDDs. 
I will try that. Thanks. 
I'll give that a try. At this point I've already passed desperation by wiping both my HDDs. I don't want to have to install Windows 7. 
Up until now it was working perfect for a couple months but now nothing is working. 
I wiped both hard drives clean and did a clean install of Windows. 
Any sort of traveling, it's nice being able to game in my 7 inch screen
I live in Canada and every oven I have ever owned had been in *f. 
I bought it when it launched for $120, now you can get it for $9.99.

:(
Microsoft is going to die don't be stupid. 
I had the Milestone in Canada. Not being able to root is the worst. 
Snow auto on the south side. 
Bought it. 
And then when something is changed people complain. Windows 8 is a good example of that, people can't be pleased. 
Then sell without a real estate agent? 
I'm from Edmonton, you guys pay $5.00 more for a month pass than us. 
Laguna HD for the coloured icons, 50foot shadows for dock, transparent dock, gridlock, DashboardX, NC settings with transparent background, springtomize for shrinking the icons. 
Laguna 2 HD, it's a paid theme.
I have a couple questions, my Alien Blue and Facebook have dark squares behind them, and a few of my icons won't skin.

Any help?
I'd pay the $1.99 price tag. 
I work for a TV/Internet company in Canada and we actually do have people calling in to see if they have been having issues or if we find something because we actively monitor a lot of clients. We then call them and basically just dispatch a tech to them. 
Yes, a mirror. 
Imitation lobster?
I can't taste a pill when I'm swallowing it. How long do you keep it in your mouth? 
I'm 6'4" and I used to be 215 and went down to 180, now I've been hitting the gym and bulking and I'm up to 205. I still look thin but more muscular. 
~$700.00

Maybe a little more. 
My GTX580 has never ran into a problem in the almost 2 years. I run every title on ultra/high at 60FPS. 
I've had my gaming rig for almost 2 years and don't put $200 into it every 6 months and have never had a problem running any games. 

Don't be silly, computers are not out of date that quick. 
Gaming computer, cost me ~$2000 when I built it about a year and a half ago. 
White socks with a suit? 

NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

Edit: Read that wrong, oops :3
If anyone in Edmonton wants to do PAG sometime soon, like next week soon. I haven't played in almost 2 years and looking to get back into it. 
Mine is at 90.77% capacity. 
I feel like you're not taking this serious with all the question marks. 
Nope. 

After a clean restore you'd never know it was jailbroken. 
All of your complaints are fixed with a simple jailbreak.

I think the title was directed towards orgasm with a women. 
6'4" here, not being the tallest in the room is a strange feeling when it's all I'm used to. 
You need to eat some food.
I disagree about the tights thing. When I'm running in the cold I wear tights to keep myself warm. 

Plus I'm a dude, I'm jealous because got damn are they liberating. 
My phone automatically changes my carrier name. Everytime I jailbreak, must be in my backup. 
A fellow Edmontonian I see. 
ITT: People confusing high calorie foods for unhealthy. 
I'm from Canada. I drive a manual but I took my drivers test in my parents auto. 
But the riddle specifically asked for an actual word. 
One12one also isn't a word. 
My 2008 black MacBook has 2.0 ports and I haven't had any problems with syncing my 5. 
He has been WITH the only black person in the room. His step father. 
Sure it can be done. But the point still stands. 

150lbs CRT =/= 150lbs weight 
You've apparently never seen a CRT TV. Those things are impossible to get a grip. 
Why? It's not much different than any other laptop on the market. 
There are actually quite a few rappers that are still alive that are much better than those two. People only really care about them because they're dead. 
Mine broken within 2 weeks. I had taken it off and was putting it back on and the wood split down the side. 
My prediction is a lot of penis. 
I agree completely. Just letting the OP know how their policies work. 
You won't be able to bring the price of a Mac down at BestBuy, they sell them basically at cost. Best you'll be able to do if you purchase extended warranty is some free accessories. 
Because you didn't add anything to the thread. 
As a male, bulking has been much harder than actually losing weight. 
My '08 gets me 4-5. 
Older MacBook, probably. 
It only has two, upgrading to 4. 
I torrented Lion and did a clean install, going to buy Snow Leopard now as well because I want my iMessages on my Mac. I have two Apple stores near me and neither of them carry any OS on disk. 
I'm very happy with it, the only thing that I am not a fan of is that it is on 10.5.8 and it's hard getting disks to do a clean install of the OS (didn't come with any).
Not sure if you care but I got it for $300.00. Got the price down quite a bit. 
They still make Pepsi with lime here in Canada. Drinking one right now actually. 
I actually found a 2010 Pro for the same price (not sure on this one, seems too low of price) and a late 2008 aluminum MacBook as well. 

I'm going to take a look at those as well. 
They already upgraded the HDD to 500GB. RAM is dirt cheap so that'll be the first thing I do. 
I already have my gaming rig I built last year, this is strictly light use. I am buying it in person to make sure nothing is wrong with it. 

I want this model specifically because I like the black, so aesthetics are my main reason for purchase. 
Replacing my iPad, so reddit and maybe a little photoshop. Mostly reddit. 
And I would probably install another 2GBs of RAM as well, I was more concerned if anyone has ran into problems with that specific model. 
They do the promotion in Canada as well. 
Still so naïve after all these years. 
Looks like you're eating divorce this morning. 
I didn't include my cell phone and I don't have car payments. But that's utilities, power, water, Internet, etc. I live in Canada. 
I'm going to assume they aren't including rent (if they are renting) my girlfriend and I pay ~$150 a month for bills. 

$5000 wouldn't cover quite 2 years for me. 
If I decided on a Predator shaft would it fit on my Cutec butt? I would assume its all standard size? 
I plan on getting the R360 eventually, I figure this will work for now. I'm not at a level where the cue makes a huge difference. 
I notice the exact same thing on my iPhone 5 using Alien Blue. 

Using LTE or WiFi. 
But with a new printer you don't get full cartridges. So you can expect only ~30 prints where as a new cartridge will last well into the hundreds. 
Reset the network settings? 
It did! Shows me the transit to get that. 

Many thanks! 
http://i.imgur.com/8hEH3.png

It's no better than the stock app for me.  
$30. 
Yeah. 
That's it right there. I don't feel bad about the amount I spent on it. 
It's super heavy. Working good so far for a break cue. 
Will that change the colour? That's the only thing I'm worried about. I was going to varnish it originally. 
That's what I'm worried about. 

Hoping it never comes to that. 
The back side of the case where the cut out is for those buttons is almost flush with the device. Makes for easy access. 

I can take some pictures if you'd like later. 
They have a bunch of different types of wood, this one is bamboo. 

http://www.etsy.com/people/tmbrwood

That has their selection, as far as I know they do not do custom designs. Feel free to email the creator he was quick to respond to me. 
That was the whole point of those few episodes though. 
If you're finding that its lagging on the home screen downloading barrel and then setting it to not use an animation can really help things. 
We also tip in Canada, we're just that polite. 
Due to vaginas. 
But I also purchased the CD, so isn't it technically the CD I bought but on vinyl? 
But she explicitly states that she wants gift cards. 

They're an easy filer gift. 
Obviously I used forever in a different context. As in since they started making music. 
Blackened White re release. 
Since MySpace days.
A fan?
I get the same thing, only they want my Bills hat.
My girlfriend loves getting money and gift certificates. 

Makes it super easy to shop. 
I have been listening to them forever and have both Goblin and the mellowhype CD on vinyl. 

Worst fan base ever. I try to never bring them up. 
I'm 6'4" and 195lbs and I wear a medium in most tshirts. The are long enough and tight enough to display my pecs.  
Feels good to be on PC. 
Brown. 
CoD4 is dead on the PC. 

All my favorite promod servers shut down :(
Wet hands/feet. I can't handle when I have wet hands/feet and someone else does too and they touch. You can touch any other part of my body but leave my hands and feet. 

Also when my hands are wet and I have to touch paper or go to sleep. It got so bad when I was a kid I would shower but make sure the water never hit my hands because I knew I had to go to school and eventually touch loose leaf paper. 
The slider is half way. 

I always assumed when auto brightness was on depending when you looked at the slider it would change. 
My mistake then. 
I was always under the impression that when something happens in a parking lot it's always 50/50 fault. 
My left leg is 1 inch longer than my right. My limp probably isn't as bad but you'll eventually find someone who doesn't care. 
I have auto brightness on. 
Where the denim comes from and how it's stitched. 

You also pay more for denim that's raw, which generally means you'll get a better fit and look because it molds to your body. 

I can respond more in depth when I get to my computer. 
People don't understand this at all. I own two pairs of $200 jeans and constantly get asked why I spent so much on them. One pair has lasted me 4 years, plus they fit great. People who spend $50 every few months for jeans end up spending more and look worse. 
I have a birth mark on my left leg. From my hip down half my leg is red, also results in it growing faster than my right leg. 
http://i.imgur.com/8yJMA.png
I still use my first gen iPad :(
I went down from 210 lbs to 180 lbs and now I'm back up to 197 lbs from weight lifting. 

So good. 
The 8 is upside down. 
They are patching higher FoV in at a later date. 
That is incredibly wrong. 

Stitching and the overall quality come to mind. 
We used to use Code Pink. 

Over the intercom we would say, "Code pink aisle 3."
As a dude, I disagree. I don't find them weird at all. I'm a little jealous we have a social stigma. 
Deadlift
That's actually hilarious. 
Yep, I'm in Edmonton. 
I've never seen a Canadian bar cheaper than $4 and our sports arenas are upwards of $10. 
Our drink specials still consist of a $5 beer.

WHERE IS EVERYONE LIVING THAT OFFERS $1 BEERS AND WHY DON'T I HAVE THAT IN CANADA?
wat
How I Met Your Mother, drunk train episode. 
Changing his name tags. 
I think you're underestimating the costs that it takes to lay wire down and how long it actually takes to make that money back. They are probably going to trust their marketing team more than a kid that thinks he heard 25 people say they want the service. 
I don't think you understand how things work. 
Reddit explained that one a while back. I'm on my phone so I can't find the link. 
This is all lies, PS3 doesn't have Halo. 
Body weight work outs, don't need a gym for that. 
I Am Not A Lawyer 
I don't think these puns will take off. 
Hit the gym, bruh. 
9:26 half mile is. 
My bad on the reading. 
A 9:26 mile isn't that impressive. 
Beer ships. 
I get 500KM to a 60L tank. 

This makes me sad. 
Yeah. It's on exchange, I'll try your suggestion. Thanks. 
http://i.imgur.com/Grj1T.jpg
Siri says she can't edit my contacts, any reason why? 
This is my favorite wallpaper! I can't thank you enough.  
I'm honestly curious, what more could you possibly want? 
I know that feel.
HL3 confirmed. 
Best Buy doesn't let you use other people's cards to make staff purchases. It's not wrongful termination, it's laid out clearly when you're hired. 
I went three years with only 2 soaks before I washed my APC denim. Probably going to do the same for my N&Fs. 

Fades feel good man. 
It was Weeds. 
Heh, I see where you're coming from now. 
Plenty of people have weight goals with the goal of increasing in mind, me included. 

I'm 185 and ideally I'd like to be 200, that's also with 5 days of gym and eating close to 4000 calories per day.
I hope that the home button doesn't end up looking like that. The square is huge. 
Alien Blue is an iPhone only app. 
4804 90 Ave NW, Edmonton, AB	

It's the indoor field. 
If someone was going to PAG I would not hesitate to join. 
That's woke up not workless. 
Probably an 8+. 

I go to the gym 5 of the 7 days a week, I'm 6'4", I put a lot of effort into my appearance (clothes and otherwise), and I'm pretty damn confident in myself. 

I'd post a picture but I'm on my phone and just workless up and I'm lazy. 
Losing 35 lbs in a month and a half is actually very impressive. 

Keep it up. 
Applied
Yep. Juicebax is my battlelog. 
Yep, girlfriend is on the pill and we still use condoms too. 
My girlfriend told me one night I sat up flexed, said, "look at this gold" crawled out of bed kissed her fan then fell back asleep. 
Mine is the SGH-I717D
I just purchased a galaxy note from Telus in Canada, can you tell me which version of the phone I am using? You have two options on your website. 
There is snow way she would have said no. 
I would!
Only valid for customers of the US store. 

:(
You need to be comfortable with rev matching before you can start skipping gears on a downshift. 
Default is G
You really stuck the landing with that pun. 
Warm milk?

Ew
There are six rare pieces to a staff which you find and then you buy the recipe from the blacksmith to build it. 
I do that all the time when I'm sleeping. I usually sleep on the right side of the bed and I'll wake up in the middle of the night with no glasses and no sheets on me. I'll glance over to the right where all my sheets are bunched up and think its someone in my bed. Takes me about 5 minutes to work the courage up to actually touch it. 
>>pretty hard

Heh heh heh
What college? If you don't mind me asking. 
I really like mine, it's the only case I have for my 3DS and it was free.

I can't complain.
At least you didn't let crazy stick his dick in you, you only gave him a handjob. 
This is a bad novelty account and you should feel bad. 
Already taken.

Sorry :3
http://i.imgur.com/Nln8Z.jpg

At work, fuck yeah Staples. 
We have admins, any server that is still up has active admins so we have nothing to worry about.
Weird, I don't have that problem on PC.

Console peasant. 
wat
113lbs is super unhealthy. 
I lived in Lloydminster for 9 years and never had trouble with time. 
Must have been right behind me, haha.
Ran the 5K in 28 minutes.

Not bad for my first race.
Yep, I ran it. Was in the blue Nike longsleeve!
Over the line. 
Vaginas. 
Classic Schmosby. 
Do I look like a mind reader? Sir, I don't know. 
Last week I wasn't really pushing myself because I was more concerned with finishing the actual run. I would have considered what I was doing as jogging, this time I was running. 
Go on...
Move onto an 8K, I'm running a 5K race in a month so I want to be able to comfortably run quite a bit longer than 5K.
http://i.imgur.com/lRnRj.jpg

Wasn't bad tonight.
I ended up just skimming over proper form and shoes then spending most of it on injury and the importance of rest periods. 
Umm yeah, this is kind of our thing. 
I lost it in class, thanks asshole.
NOW KISS!
Brush teeth, do hair, and gargle all while browsing Reddit on my iPhone. 
I find I pronounce anything with more than three digits by saying them all separately because when I pronounce an IP like 10.10.10.1 I say ten dot ten dot ten dot one.
Wait, doesn't everyone pronounce that two five five dot two five five dot two five five dot zero?
I'm 20 :D
Clothy map.
And the best part is, I didn't even ask her to.
It seems you can't access the console in games through matchmaking, only non ranked games through the server browser. 
Fucking Awesome.