Special Missions.  They've got a low chance of dropping from hidden routes.  Having over 100 boost points gives a small chance for a drop too.
More accurately, it's the glove Thanos happened to be wearing when collecting the gems.  He may have bought it at Space-Target.
Just want to point out, OP, Amazon has Basics-branded play-and-charge kits.  I've got one, works well, and it's cheaper than the MS-branded one.
Anyone know if Best Buy price-matches on pre-orders?
If you're like me, and planning to pre-order anyway there's nothign to lose by doing so and just canceling later.  Maybe the CE will be crap. 
I don't actually have a source, usually you can google "event name reading list or reading order" or something like that.  And no, I dont' think you can create your own lists.
Generally speaking, MU tends to be OK for major events if you're focused on the main story.  When you finish a comic, it will allow you to pick the next in the event or just the next in that series.

However, your best bet is still to source a reading order elsewhere.  There's a wiki in the sidebar, but it's woefully under-developed (though it does have [Civil War, specifically](http://marvelcomics.wikidot.com/wiki:civil-war)).  I think what's throwing you off with those Spidey/FF titles is that the FF title in question *started* earlier than that Spidey title.  If you see (19xx) or (20xx) beside a title, it's the year that run started, not the year that specific issue released.  You'll notice Amazing Spider-Man (1963) runs until 1999 when it was relaunched.

Secret Wars is a good example of it not doing it well.  The whole lead up is focused around Hickman's Avengers and New Avengers, with tie-ins all over the place, plus the Last Days Of... comics.  The Secret Wars event itself in the app is just everything for SW, and while it's chronological by release it's a bit of a mess due to the unique nature of that event.

I'd love to see the app gain a method to create custom reading lists, and share them.  I'm not sure why this isn't a thing.
FYI, there's a new Reddit-wide spoiler tag, which should be more-universally implemented, so mobile users aren't spoiled.  >!spoiler!< Use \>! !< around your spoiler.

I don't think there will be time travel, not by and large, anyway, but I do agree that there will be a reversal, and knowledge of the big happening will be very limited.
I guess I misread your post, I read it like you're saying future seasons will be in a new universe, not 199999
No, they don't.  Any future seasons on AoS are still on Earth-199999.  The bad future becomes a new universe.
Yeah, that's what it would mean.  Same reason Bishop and Rachel Grey don't disappear after preventing DoFP's events from occurring, for instance.
I think it was more Star-Lord being specific to prove it (random alien won't know what Missouri is), and Tony just not caring.
I think I used mine on Red Hulk, but I've got a ticket standing by for Rocket or Star-Lord.  Or maybe Gamora.
> like Wanda Maximoff or Illyana Rasputin (although that one is iffy, I think her actual mutant power is teleport...). 

Illyana can summon teleportation discs, and learned magic from Belasco while in Limbo.  She's got other powers linked to her Soulsword or time in and dominion over Limbo as well.

Wanda's a bit trickier.  Her power isn't "can do magic", she's a reality warper and her powers allow her to tap into chaos energy to manipulate luck.  She refined that into full-on chaos magic later, and she's capable of using other schools of magic which are independent of her powers.
So they just took a new ship?  I figured they would have fixed the Milano for sentimental reasons.
Spider-Punk on guitar (he comes with one, he inspired me), Spider-Gwen on drums (naturally, gotta find drums though).  That's it so far.

I've got an Elvis-Stitch standing-in for bass or rhythm guitar, he may remain part of it despite not being Marvel because Stitch is awesome.

I'm having trouble thinking of comic book characters, to say nothing of just Marvel, who can fill the other roles.  The issue is compounded because I need 6" scale figures (Punk is Legends, Gwen is Revoltech)

There's a Legends Disco Dazzler figure out, but I'm not putting Disco Dazzler in my band... 80s Pryde of the X-Men or Roller Derby Dazzler would be fine though.  I'm thinking of using Star-Lord somewhere too, even though he doesn't actually play an instrument... maybe keyboard.  I was also thinking Scott Pilgrim for bass, despite not being Marvel, but the figures for him are crazy expensive.
Half of all life doesn't mean exactly half of all ants... but you can expect a lot of ants to be affected.
I'm building a band from Marvel figures.  If Scott shows up playing bass, that makes my task so much simpler.
Even with 2 extra limbs, he still can't out-drum Neil Peart.
I think mine's been all energy, save for some hidden tickets.

It was a nice experiment, but I won't be keeping it.
I think it's partly Fitz's pride.  He can't stand the idea that Deke could be right.  On top of that, he's firmly convinced, by all the evidence he's seen, that his idea of an immutable timeline is right.

Also, if it works like how Marvel has always had it work, Deke is actually wrong.  They've traveled back to the same universe the team left (Earth-199999).  Their actions will create a splinter universe for Deke's future.
That doesn't mean the movies would exist in a separate universe.  If we assume multiverse theory is true, then it just means the cracked Earth splits into a new timeline from Earth-199999.  That's how the multiverse works on this scale in Marvel.

The main Marvel universe has always been 616 (save for the time it was Battleworld).  All those prevented alternate futures have their own numbers, but our POV remains rooted in 616.  No reason to believe the same won't happen here (but with Earth-199999).
He's probably either leading his own clan of Ravagers, or joined another one.  The Guardians seemed to have fixed up the Milano and went off on their own again.
I have never full-on cried at a movie, but in 2017, there were two that got me right up to it.  For some background, my dad died in February 2017.  We were never close, but not antagonistic or anything just not really communicative, so it still affected me.  Especially since I'd been wanting to get together and do stuff with him for a while, since I found out he had cancer.

So, I went to see Logan opening week.  In it, Logan is thrust into reconnecting with a kid that he never knew, only to die later in the movie.  Not only did I get to see a character who I've loved since a kid die (itself almost pseudo-father-figure situation), the situation with him and Laura put me into reflection mode and ripped that wound open again.

A couple months later, Guardians of the Galaxy 2 comes out.  Peter meets and kills his father, Ego... but then we get the scene of Yondu, who was Peter's dad in every way that mattered, sacrificing himself.  Then add on to that, the scene with Yondu's funeral, Cat Steven's "Father and Son", and the sort of father-son relationship with Peter and Groot in that scene and once again, I'm reflecting and damn near crying.

Basically, I'm a big ball of regret when it comes to my dad, and seeing similar scenarios in movies hurts.
Android apps are packed in an APK file.
Nyko's dock was janky anyway.  The port actually sticks out of the top of it, totally unprotected.  The little plastic bit that supports the Switch when docked is removable for packing and easily-lost too.

You're better off gutting an official dock.  You don't even technically need a shell to put the guts in.
Space.  Presumably, her mere existence is top secret, so Fury wasn't going to just mention her to Stark.
http://hacks.mit.edu/Hacks/by_year/1999/r2d2/
Or no bar.  I feel like a wedding reception is the last place I'd want to risk people being drunk.
I'm subbed to MU because I want to save money.  If I'm going to buy comics, it'll be hardcopy, and for a very limited selection of titles (right now, just Runaways on the regular).  I've got some stuff in Comixology, but only stuff I've gotten free.


I want him to recap Infinity War to Korg and Miek.
The drop rate boost between 1 and 9 is negligible anyway, IIRC.  Even once 10 is unlocked, I think datamining has shown a very small boost.

IW Cap and Bucky do well.  Wolverine does well.  My X-23 usually does well.  Pocky should be good, but I think his heal is still broken.  The problem I have is that Prox can hit you out of your iframes, which makes playing QS, Wolverine, and X-23 trickier.
I think I'm going T2 ticket.  There's no unis I've got that I'm itching to take to Epic right now, and T2ing with BAM/CNS is rough now since awakening Potential and 21-25 gears are eating up BAM.  CNS is short, as I'm trying to finish mastering Corvus to work on his Potential.

The Uni ticket is technically the better deal, but I just don't think I have an immediate use.
He requires as many resources as Thanos, Scarlet Witch, or Dormammu, but he's not as strong as them.  Quicksilver and Cable cost less, but are better.  Some of the BO are stronger, some are weaker, but with unis coming, they're all improving.
Because he's motherfucking Gold Lightan, that's why.
Never heard of any of these bands, but I'll always try free songs.  The last two sound pretty good though.  Vinyl in particular reminds me of Savage Garden, for what that's worth.
Generally, yes, but with the current drain on bios and BAM, the T2 ticket might be a more immediately-useful purchase, unless you've got a Legendary you want to Epic now.  To even use the Uni ticket, you'll have to pump in a bunch of bios anyway.
Are they rare?  I've got like 8 of them from just doing Proxima WBU on repeat.
The reference there was to the alien ship over the Lighthouse, which is in western New York, on Lake Ontario.  I'm fairly sure the current episodes of AoS take place in mid-late 2017 too.  I think that was snuck in somewhere, but I can't recall for sure.
Ragnarok is part of a cycle, so they could still reappear.  They did in the comics.  In a small town in Missouri, where they built a new Asgard before launching it into space.
Or he sent an all clear page those times.  I can accept that idea.
Fury doesn't have access to that though.  SHIELD has the white obelisk stashed, sure, but until AoS, they likely didn't know how to use them, nor that time travel was possible, and especially not that one of the obelisks would allow them to do so.  Fury hasn't been involved in SHIELD since it disbanded in Winter Soldier either.
Spider-man 2 ends up starring Miles Morales, and GotG3 is focused on the Guardians 3000, or a whole new team led by Nebula and Kraglin.

Holy hell that would be... I'm not even sure what that would be.  It would suck, but also be the ballsiest thing anyone's done in Hollywood in a while, if not ever.

That will absolutely not be what will happen, but it's an interesting thing to think about.
I've gotten so many 99.9%s on gear-ups, I'm fairly sure there's some kind of fuckery in there.  Maybe as a side-effect of something as opposed to malicious, but something.
Yeah.  http://marvel.wikia.com/wiki/Avengers_Vol_5_1

That run started in February 2013, and some of the groundwork for Infinity is in there.  I'd also recommend simultaneously starting Hickman's New Avengers (which actually primarily deals with the Illuminati).  They both tie in with Infinity, IIRC, and New Avengers sets up the Incursions storyline (I forget if it actually *starts* there, but it's not an official event, so it's hard to pin down), which is kind of the B-plot in Avengers until after Infinity officially ends.
God yes, Infinity is great.  It serves as a good introduction to a whole lot of characters too.

I believe you want to start with the start of that Avengers run for the best experience.
IIRC, the current arc of AoS is in winter 2017 or something.  Probably for this reason like that.  The NY events reference the Light House.

The AoS aliens wouldn't be attacking Earth if Thanos is in the area either.
Nah.  First ship with 9 science consoles.  A 1/9/1 layout.
"Last, but certainly not least..."
She's likely tried it.  It's probably akin to asking a genie for more wishes.

I think it would be more likely that Nick seeks out a way to expand her own mystic knowledge when she runs out of words.  Training with Strange or Majik for instance.

That said, A-Force established that she's looked into using other languages with success.  So Nico shouldn't be running out of words/phrases anytime soon.  Though, I haven't seen the latest issue, so I'm not aware of the specific incident that prompted this post.
Markdown doesn't apply to titles at all.
I'm usually safe stopping at 30-40%.  You're just really unlucky.
That's why you play Bethesda games on PC.  Fan-patches, or in a worst-case, you can probably use console commands to force the game to let you trigger the quest.

Or you can just mod the hell out of it, turn the dragons into Thomas the Tank Engine and go Super Saiyan and punch them.  Because reasons.  I've only ever finished one Bethesda game (FO3) because screwing with mods is too much fun.
Same.  I just cleaned the hell out of my office keyboard last month, that's after years of little cleaning.  It's not something that usually is at the front of your mind.  It's nice having it clean though, it's a G15 (macro and media keys are actually productive to have) and looks like new, save for the failing backlight.

Some things are beyond the pale though.  Like the time I had actual pieces of chicken, not just crumbs, fall out of a keyboard I was replacing at a user's desk.  I'm not sure how it functioned with that in there.  Same user's desktop was stuck to the bottom of their monitor via a giant dried coffee spill... the PC lifted up with the monitor.
It's out of character for a Starfleet crew to mutiny *at all*, let alone when the CO has a logical reason for their actions.
I'm OK with them.  As long as it's a game where consumables aren't a thing or drop like candy.  I'm I'm playing a game where I'm spending a lot of resources keeping my healthpacks up, and I drop half of them to a scripted loss, that's infuriating.

If you're going to do scripted losses, make it obvious.  Boss is overwhelmingly powerful, takes only the smallest chip damage (no matter your own situation) and deals out massive damage.  In a turn-based game, you should be down in no more rounds than you have allies.

If it's a game where ammo is plentiful or unlimited, then by all means, just go for it. Just make sure to ratchet up the difficulty fast enough that I'm not wasting twenty minutes.
My point was that "easy to replace" for an iPhone battery isn't easy.  Easy is "pop off the back and swap battery"

It also has the benefit of allowing you to carry a second battery if you want.  This is usually less bulk than having a power bank on your person for a recharge.
I've got a Galaxy J7.  It takes me 15 seconds to swap out the battery if I need to.  The bulk a truly replaceable battery adds is very small, and if consumers weren't obsessed with thinner phones (an attitude first spawned by Motorola, flared by Apple, and continued by everyone else), it'd be a non-issue.
I've long thought all non-small craft should have a hangar bay.  My dream would be an overhaul to the hangar system.

Hangar pets get split up into more-defined groups.  We'd also see the number of hangar slots double, as each wing would be a separate hangar slot.

* Shuttles, would auto-replenish and do little damage, but offer some support abilities and screening/interception options.  1 hangar slot, with 3 or 4 shuttles per slot.
* Runabouts would be 2 per hangar slot, but otherwise little would change.
* Fighters wouldn't see much change at all, other than being 3 per slot.
* Frigates would take up 2 slots (and 1 per equip), but would see a commensurate buff in effectiveness.

Most ships would get a single, shuttle-only, slot.  

Larger ships would gain a second slot and/or the ability to equip runabouts, with the bigger ships having two runabout-capable slots.  Some ships, may get special permission to use specific runabouts (like the Delta Flyer on the Intrepid)

Fighters and Frigates would be limited to Flight-Deck ships, Carriers, and Dreadnoughts.  These ships would see their hangars doubled.  Under this system, a dedicated Carrier would have four hangar slots.  

Essentially, we'd have much, much more flexibility in what we're running.  Equipping a hangar of Yellowstones for their crowd control would synergize well with Scorpions for instance.
30k+ more easy dil, per toon, yay!
Really going to need a citation on that.  That just sounds wrong.

The whole test is to see how the Captain reacts, not to punish them.  If the Captain has justification for not answering the call, it shouldn't just give them a bad end for the hell of it.
Wait, is Studio Series based on Evasion Mode Optimus?  If so, I may actually have to buy him.
If this news dropped 15 years ago, I'd be giddy.  Now I can't stand TCGs.  They're like the OG lootbox.

Now, if this were a deckbuilder game, I'd still be giddy.
Pretty sure there's no way she'd be allowed to officially practice psychiatry again.  She may leverage it in an unofficial manner after she's got her own psychosis managed though, through talking to other inmates at Arkham or something like that.
/screenshot_ui_jpg is my thought.

Or is it /screenshot_jpg_ui?  Whichever.
I see Georgie has mastered Ultra Instinct.
* Catan:  Hoard sheep.  Ensure trades for sheep are favorable to you.
* Risk: Take Australia and hold that shit like your life depends on it.
* Codenames (or any word-association game): Always have a partner from a similar pop-culture background.
* Captain Sonar: Your radioman is the star.  Don't bother him if he knows what he's doing.
* Pandemic: Dread it, run from it, failure always comes.
I'd try to max out X-23 first.  I assume Colossus and Magik are 6\*?  I'd go Magik next, as she can tear things up nicely.
I don't have Ragnathor, so I can't say for sure but from what I can tell the two aren't crazy-different.  If you've got that many resources in Ragnathor, IW-Thor may be skippable.

As for the others, Groot's takes him from support to actually usable  I don't have Corvus's, so I can't weigh-in.  Proxima's is great and adds some nice bits to her kit, but I'm not sure it's a gamechanger, I haven't used it enough to really make that call.  BW's is great and I don't regret getting it, but definitely not a gamechanger.
I could be wrong, but I'm fairly sure I read it was the ships.
Devs have stated that the new faction is *just* Jem'hadar.  This is because the story wouldn't make sense for Vorta or Founders or other Dominion-aligned races, as they're not soldiers, especially not soldiers far enough down the totem pole to take orders from a JH First.

That said, we *could* see Vorta added as an LTS race for the other factions or something to that effect.  We'll have to wait and see.  The Dom faction ships will be cross-faction after getting their mastery unlocks.
> Notably you will be able to switch between characters

Whoa, really?  So if Impa is over on the other side of the map in need of help, I can just take over her instead of having to divert Link from his current location?  That's great.
Wow, not sure why I never thought of this.  I've got tons of pins from various places, and I always buy a few during Disney trips.
You can get Photoshop CS2 for free from Adobe.  Google for it.  It's ooooold, but if you don't need modern features (mostly content-aware fill), it's better than GIMP or Paint.NET.
> Ignore distress call, get mutiny

What?  No Starfleet crew would do that.  Ignoring the distress call so as to not cause an interplanetary incident is a valid call.  It's actually the one Sulu made in the Kobayashi Maru novel.
This update didn't touch GUK, other than maybe adding an impetus to max out BO gear.  It's refreshing, really.  I finally have started to build up a good stock.  I do agree that we need more drops, but if the next year of updates are heavily focused on T3/Potential, it won't be as bad as in the past.

Fully agreed on UUK and I'd love to see Story mode bios become guaranteed.
Wong has a moustache in IW.  So it is a bit different.
I just had IW Cap (level 70, not T3) solo 12-8 on auto.  I haven't been able to do that before now.  Edit: Thinking on that more, that's probably more do with level 70 than the uniform.  Odin in that level is 62, which gives a level 70 an overwhelming advantage.

Right now, Cap is the only T3 available.  IMO, you may as well buff the everloving hell out of him and get him that uni.

Bucky's uni is great for him.  Thor's is too, though probably less-so if you've got the Ragnarok one.  Spiderman's is awesome, especially if you don't have Hobo-Spidey.  Widow's is great, but I'm not sure it's a gamechanger.  Groot's makes him viable outside of healing.  Proxima's adds some much-needed iframes.  Thanos's is another level over his SW one, but I wouldn't jump on it if you've got that one.  Haven't tried Corvus's.

So, in short, here's how I'd rank them.  Not sure if there's a definite consensus yet.

Gamechangers: Cap, Bucky, Groot  
Great, but maybe overkill if you've got their previous best: Spider-man, Thanos, Thor  
Great, but not sure it's a gamechanger: Widow, Proxima  
Not sure (I don't have it): Corvus
OP posted Quasar, who's a sub character too.  The premium box has a chance of anyone except the Ultimates (and maybe A-Force).
Someone else once said, being a fan of Carol Danvers means having to accept that every couple years, Marvel will shit on her characterization.

Her initial run under the Captain Marvel name is great. Then CW2 happens, and Marvel screws her.  In Secret Empire, she largely redeems herself.  I'm not as familiar with her time as Ms. Marvel, but Marvel did manage to do some weird shit to her then too.
Him filming for Captain Marvel could also be used as cover to get scenes in for A4.  Coulson in A4 will not shock me in the least at this point.

Sadly, there's little chance of doing that for the Defenders or the rest of the AoS cast unless they film it on their own sets.
Eh, I wouldn't go that far.

If Okoye or Widow could be said to be contributing, then Luke and Daredevil would be too.  DD should honestly be about on Widow's level in fighting ability, he's just lacking fancy shock batons.  Luke isn't close on ability, but his strength and durability would make up for it.

Danny, as he was in shows, would likely be overwhelmed.  Given a one-on-one, he *might* be able to fight Cull, but I think Proxima and Corvus would overwhelm him.

Jessica would probably be an ascended extra.  She's not as skilled as Widow or Okoye, and not as durable as Luke.  If she learned to fly properly in the interim though, then that might change things.
Vision
Rocket mentions stealing it from a guy somewhere else.  I forget exactly where off-hand.
I get where you're coming from, but not really.

To point 1, like you said, we know they're all going to be coming back.  I think we're all fairly certain Cap or Iron Man is going to bite it permanently in A4.  If they were killed or snapped out here, that would cheapen the impact of their final death.

To point 2, Thanos didn't need to.  When he gets to Wakanda, he just wants to get the Mind Stone.  When he fights off everyone there, he does it dismissively.  He just wants them out of the way as quickly and efficiently as he can so he can get to his objective.  Though, what he did to Banner/Hulkbuster really should have messed him up more, if not killed Banner.
When I saw it today, there was literal applause when he appeared.
So that explains why it said that on A Quiet Place when I opened the app up today.  I saw IW a second time, but that's because the first time I saw it was out-of-pocket as I can't pre-buy tickets with MP.
Twice today.  First time, the asshole that wouldn't use it wasn't even able to do any real damage.  I waited until about 30 seconds were left and then force-quit.

Second time, they were using SW Thanos, and would have defeated the boss, but even then they were the most pathetic Thanos I've seen.
Same.  Damn near saw it yesterday too.  Moviepass is a wonderful thing
You can roll attack in some of the secondary slots though, and the proc isn't bad.  I've got a pile of useless epic cards, and probably will for a while, so I'm going to keep trying to roll a good one.
Same.  I like hobo Thanos's sweet cape.  Gym-bro Thanos just can't compare 
Fun story, back when my DVD collection was small, I took it to college with me.  I crammed it all in Armada Unicron's box.
> Mirror, Mirror: The Harry we see on all these covers is actually the alternative Harry from Mirror, Mirror. The REAL difference between the two: Mirror Harry has a hat. It changes EVERYTHING!

I really want Mirror, Mirror to be the only book with a hatless Harry.
Man, I've got the opposite issue.  And no GF to surprise me with a Takara Topspin.
Great minds think alike.  Thanks for the wealth of ideas.

F-Toys look like they might be what I'll go with (if I can't find my GH3 figures) for the guitars.  Ritsu's a bit more than I'd like to spend, but honestly, I wouldn't mind a Figma of her anyway.
Totally forgot those guys, I think I've got a couple somewhere.  Lars is a bit over the top for what I want, but I think I've got Axle somewhere.
Just have them come with on whatever daily grind you do.  Daily, Special, Story, Epic Quest, that all does it.

Alternately, use Uniform XP chips.  They drop commonly in later SL stages.
The Leader version of this is a work of art, at least in plane mode.  Robot's not bad, but the plane is where it's at.

And I generally dislike movie toys.
So, a PDF reader?  There's a multitude of options that aren't Acrobat if Acrobat isn't good enough, including all modern browsers.
Preview is that big grid view of your open applications, right?  Win+Tab does a similar thing on Windows 7 (and maybe 8?), and on 10 it's literally the same thing.
When I did corporate IT, that was my SOP.  Ghost the drive before wiping or reinstalling Windows.  Later, I just started keeping drives labeled in a drawer for a few months, mostly because I didn't *have* Ghost at that job.
Yeah, one one hand, schadenfreude.  On the other, they guy (despite being an ass) almost certainly didn't want a full wipe.
They haven't but we know that BD and Maw will get uniforms, plus they did a split update when Civil War came out to avoid spoilers.  It's highly likely we'll get the same thing here
Yes.  It's the only WiiU game I have left that I can't get elsewhere.
> CBS All Access Launching New Sci-Fi Show In June

Read as: CBS launches new Sci-Fi show designed to fail.
The Collector also has time on his side, he's immortal.  He can trade something from his collection now to get something else, and then years/decades/centuries/millennia later he can re-acquire it.
We already have this, kind of.  It's just a zen purchase.  Get the TOS Connie, and you can get a full set of mark-less phasers.  Some account rewards, like the Sompek gear, are also mark-less.
I have a picture with Stitch in Animal Kingdom, but that was in 2005.

Stitch should just be everywhere.  Easily my favorite Disney character.
What the?

EPCOT is the best park.

Edit: It also claims the Liberty Bell is Pennsylvania's.  I live in PA.  There's worse things to go see.
I've to 10k crystals.

Spidey, Proxima, and Widow are my only must-buys.  Groot is a probably.  Everyone else but Thanos is a maybe.  Thanos I'll skip, as I've got a well-leveled Hobo-Thanos already.  Not planning to get Extreme mode.

I'm being a bit stingy, as I want to see what 4.1 brings.
I didn't know he did them outside of superhero-related subs
Probably not complete overhauls, but at least something in the works for them.  This will help them prioritize.
I've got what I consider 3 tiers of character.

My mains get all the goodies.  They're decked out in UR or gold gear, full rep sets, Lobi stuff, whatever.  I've got one for each faction.

My alts are ones that I'll toss a bone here and there, but generally speaking, I don't put a ton into them.  They've got the gear to keep them competent and focused.  I can run them through anything I want, but they're not all Mk XIV, and I'm not spending lobi on them.  I've got several here.

Then there's my grinders.  These guys exist just to get dil.  I spend no dil on them, and as little EC as possible.  They often struggle with even ISA just because I don't want to sink resources or time into them.  They're disposable, and as soon as their dil runs dry, I re-roll and do reps again for that easy 300k.
No, Wawa.  Wawa just is wrong on the name.
You could, but that's generally not, in my experience, how you run online RPGs.  No visible dice makes fudging much more tempting, but more importantly being able to see the dice is more exciting.

You roll a nat 20 and everyone can see it?  Or you roll an assload of successes?  That gets the group excited.  Same if you roll abysmally.
Central PA.  They're subs.  Hoagie is just a thing you silly Philadelphians came up with.
Dress code has always been something I inquire about at interviews.  Unless I'm really desperate, I'll never work somewhere that requires full suit and tie.  It's outmoded and impractical.

I'm also really spoiled that my current and previous job have both allowed me to wear jeans and t-shirts.
Subs.  They're goddamn subs.
Huh, I totally forgot the Kar'fi was part of that token.  I've got Kar'fis to claim.
I wish they'd give us the stats on the uniforms.

I was also hoping they'd walk-back the RNG on the Potential mechanic.

All in all, nothing I hate in here.  Just adding a boatload more grind on top of what we have already.
I have the Voyager interior, it's got the conference room.  The Galaxy has it too.  Fleet Starbase and some other holdings also have them.
Any chance you guys are thinking of giving her some new function?  Or just keeping her in as-is?
A friend I mentioned it to said he'd roll up a Klingon, and RP the Klingon RPing the game, just to make it even more absurd.

"I fire on the ship, breaking my weak human fingers on the console."
At that point, I could have the players just roll dice with physical dice.

The point behind a dice bot, like what you'd see in OpenRPG or Roll20, is to make the dice visible to everyone.  That way no one fudges it and everyone can double-check the math.
You botched your link.  You forgot the .com part.
The Defiant was supposed to get it, but technical difficulties out of universe prevented it.
Just want to put this out there.  If you're limited on slots, decide which faction you're going to want to stick with for the Delta alt, and but don't roll it yet.

So say you want a KDF delta alt.  Roll a Fed one first.  Do the Fed-only missions, then delete it and re-roll it as a Romulan.  Do the Rom-only missions, then delete it and finally re-roll as KDF.  Just make sure you get the re-rolls done before the event ends.
Yeah, that's the one.  There's a couple of things, liek a MRUT in there too, but the crystals are the big draw.
I get that, but Stark's Stash is basically a buying 200 crystals, with bonus.  This was buying about 4000 crystals with bonuses, just with a slow unlock.

I feel like this kind of thing should be spelled out.  What are the chances that CS offers to reverse the purchase?  I don't need a MRUT much right now, and I'd rather get the VIP boost by just spending that on crystals.
Those little fighters can accelerate quickly and on essentially random vectors.  Then there's having to physically realign things in some cases to target them (like turrets, for instance).
I bought the Achieve SHIELD Level pack today.  Seemed like a good value, and buying it should have boosted me up to the next VIP level.

Only I seem to have gotten nothing on my VIP level.  Does this pack not contribute to VIP, or did I miss something?  It's $36, I feel like it should.

Edit: Looks like it just took a while (or a second restart) to reflect the new VIP points.  Thanks for the help.
> As for not being able to track them - this is purely science-fiction nonsense.

By tracking, I meant more in the firing solution sense.  Weapons designed for big ships have more issues getting firing solutions on smaller ships.
Not that I'm aware of.
That's a 1-100 RNG though, and does one check at a time.  It's useless for rolling smaller numbers or groups.
I can't weigh in on coffee, I don't drink it at all.
I'm sure if you buy a car from them and ask them to toss one in for free, they'd do it.
I haven't watched Legend of Galactic Heroes, but I think I can answer anyway by pulling from elsewhere.

So, in the Honor Harrington series, space combat starts as almost-entirely capital ships taking lobbing clouds of missiles at each-other, like the days of tall ships.  There's smaller ships, 5-man fighter/PT boat types, but they're generally just orbital patrol and can't do anything against big ships.  Eventually, someone develops a powerful fighter-scale cannon and designs a new fighter around it, and then carriers to carry them.  They wipe the floor with the other side for a while because of it, the gap only closes because the other side develops their own.

The main reason is because when you're used to fighting big things, small things are harder to hit.  Captial weapons can't lock onto small targets, or fire too slowly to allow for a second shot if they miss.  ECM isn't as useful against humans compared to missiles.  Even missile-scale point defense has a problem because humans are less-predictable, and on top of that, a fighter is likely going to have better defenses of its own.  A fighter could also deploy its own ECM to fool counter-missiles or even point defense of its own.

Basically, adding small, fast fighters to a fight that was previously big ponderous things requires a paradigm shift in tactics.
I was getting ready to order the PE one, but this one is so, so much nicer looking.  The parts work better un-combined too.  Plus, it looks like nothing requires removing screws or replacing bits wholesale like the PE one.
We stop getting Skill Points at 50, there's no reason to think they'd have expanded the skill tree for this anyway.
Right.  The debate *can't* be settled unless you can visit both easily.

I live in Sheetz territory, but work in Wawa territory, with a bit of a crossover area in between.  Wawa has far, far better subs.  Sheetz has better burger/burrito/fried stuff.  Everything else is pretty much the equal.

Wawa has a less-obnoxious environment though.
Even then, *most* of the first clears were nice, but middling.  And many of them out of reach for most players.  I consider myself a decent player, and I haven't gotten to 4, let alone beaten 4, on any of the WBUs.
WBU gave shit rewards to start with, so unless you were masochistic enough to run it 5x per day, that part is a minimal impact.

Combining Thanos and iThanos though, that's another question.  I'd wager this is closer to removing regular Thanos than iThanos, and the rewards will follow suit.
Only issue I can see is that it would disincentivise buying 9-packs, but that could be handled by making it unlock per-faction.  It would likely harm Lobi/Lockbox sales though.  I'd wager there's more sales to whales to get must-have traits on multiple toons than lost to people like you or I that won't even look at those ships since they're one-shots.
Reciprocity is probably the best general-use one (though high-end builds usually eschew it), but the others have their uses.  Scryer's is solid for Exotic builds, for instance.
If you're willing to go fast, you could also roll a toon, get their exclusives done, re-roll to another faction and do their exclusives, and then reroll again and finish it all up on that toon.
As someone pointed out, Shuri didn't out-smart Stark and Banner, she just came up with a different method.  Software vs. hardware.

I just had a discussion with a co-worker today.  My solution involved embedding magnets, his was just to use poster tack.  It's all in how you approach it.
I'll add it to my list for consideration.  I wasn't aware Lexus had an AWD sedan.

Edit: Looks like the Lexuses are more expensive.  Still worth having an extra option though.  I do like the front end more on the Lexus too, I'm really not a fan of the TL's front.
Thanks, I wasn't quite sure who was on which.  I knew Hal and Kyle were right, but the other two I wasn't sure about.
Are the lobi ships being moved to the C-Store proper though?  Or just the pack?
What a world we live in, where one can purchase *ducks* on the internet, and have them shipped to their home.
That depends.  Are they like Woody where they're aware of being toys, or like Buzz where they believe themselves to be the character in question?

In the former, it would be weird.  In the latter, it would be chaos.
I forgot about that.  I'd still think any starter Bug would be gimped though.
State is free in some cases too.  I'm not sure how, but I get my state taxes free.

I use the basic edition too, so my TurboTax bill is a bit fat zero.
My brother, a die-hard muscle car fan, has even reached a point where he actively encourages buying Japanese.

I'm in the market for a new (used) car this year.  I want AWD.  I noticed the Charger has that.  He told me in no uncertain terms that it was a bad idea.  Now I'm strongly considering an Acura TL.
They've had shit discounts for almost a month now.  It's an oddly-long time to drag out 10%.
A T1 version, maybe, but the T5/T6 Bugs aren't going to be free to Jems.
And now it all clicks.  That makes sense now.
What arc was that?  That's definitely not Infinity Gauntlet or Infinity.
No.  The only things CTs will prevent are shifter bios.
I'm wondering this too.  I posted about it yesterday, and I'm fairly sure I did actually get the energy, at least.  But I'm definitely not seeing the ISO for today.  Unless it just went straight into my ISO inventory or something like that.

They're supposed to be direct to your inbox, but there were no ISO-8 chest there today.
I'm pretty sure Nightcrawler has teleported parts of things before.  Adamantium couldn't resist that kind of move.
Yeah, this is Florida we're talking about, Disney would be crazy not to sell them everywhere they could.  

You could probably buy one at a food kiosk if you ask.
I'd expect the Horcrux enchantment would prevent breakdown from natural causes.  It would make it highly suspicious that there's an ice cube that never melts, though.
I'm not sure how it couldn't.  It's not like either have some kind of mystical property that will overrule half their mass simply ceasing to exist (in the spot it currently does).

Kitty Pryde can phase through Adamantium, which seems like a similar situation, scientifically-speaking.
I still never understood that.  AIM basically just turned on the mic without a controller, but had they wanted to, it could have been developed to tack controls for the mic onto another player.

It probably still wouldn't have allowed a separate profile for that vocals player, but you'd have gotten difficulty settings plus the ability to be scored on it.  At the same time, that could have conceivably been used to allow vocal/instrument combos on a single controller.

Not saying that would have been easy (probably wasn't easy, thus why it wasn't done), just that there could have been a way to do it.
That you can pull out the 31st century ships in their own pack significantly, IMO, lessens the value of the whole pack.  Plus, the Temporal pack's T1-T4s are less worthwhile since you've got a full set of Fed ships to choose from as well.  The Rom pack didn't give you more choices at low tiers, but it did give you better versions of them with some good consoles.
That is true, I didn't consider that angle, so I guess that is a strike against it.
One big thing you left out, after the Corps was rebuilt, they went to 2 Lanterns per sector.  Also, Rayner, and I think Stewart, were moved to the Honor Guard (based on Oa), which allowed Jordan and Gardner to be the designated Lanterns for 2814.  So at least for a while, they were totally normal in distribution sector-wise.
Flash made a few references to how movies are different on alternate Earths.
Oh, I think I like this more than the PE one.  I didn't like how the PE one just folded the shoulder bits back, I like the effect, it's just that the standard one doesn't quite pull it off.  PE's also had the one part just be this extra bit, this one looks to turn into shields.
Starfleet Warehouse 13 is something I didn't realize I needed in my life until just now.
I think it's less that he couldn't, but that he didn't have the means.  I could move to Canada today if I really wanted to, but it would be a huge undertaking and I don't really have the resources to just upend my life like that.

If I got a job offer in Canada, that would be a different story.
> The romulan one sucked and didn't offer much appeal even when it was new, only offering mild convenience while leveling up

What?  The Romulan pack had literally every Romulan ship available at the time, plus a bunch of other stuff.  It was a great deal.

Delta maybe slightly less, but still offered some good stuff at the time.  It was also the only source of T6 ships at the time.

The big Temporal pack was arguably the worst deal at launch of the three, unless you really like the TOS aesthetic.
Not sure why you're so insistent on arguing with me.  I'm pretty confident that the filters I had lasted less than that.  You don't understand how bad my tap water is.

Plus, the filters still didn't get it to 100% anyway.
No TFs that I want, but I may pick up a few Marvel Legends figures.  Good find.

Edit: Got most of the Mantis wave, plus Black Widow and her motorcycle.  Been really wanting that last one.
What are all the first-clear rewards anyway?  I've got the first 2 on everyone (I think), and  I think #3 on someone.  The rewards have been too underwhelming to really try much though.
Same.  Unless there's some really tight price controls, there's no reason for 3 tiers.

Hell, I'd even posit that 1 tier (the middle one) is fine, with those that need it getting more RAM later.  Depends on what the cost for more RAM is.
That FortMax is an amazing deal at that price.  He's cool and huge.

However, I'd say PotP Optimus is the better toy.
Exactly.  He *does* have it, it's not just as bad as it usually would be.
Pretty sure that's just a lower-fidelity prop for the same saber.  If this were in-motion and not zoomed in, you'd have a hard time telling it's not the hero prop.
You're a hedge now, you're a hog now.
ITT: Shows that people remember just fine.
Yeah, that's the series finale.  Officially, anyway.  The last season was trash, it's better to assume it didn't exist.
I usually try to not be cynical, but I kind of agree.  NM makes full-on images for these posts (I guess because Moribum has no formatting?).  They wouldn't do that unless the details *are* finalized, or there's a secondary motive.
I think that's an artifact of using a gif.
I doubt many people have *all* the T5s.  There are a lot of T5 ships.
There are.  They're useless when you've got really hard water, unless you want to spend more to keep replacing them
Because my tap water is hard and nasty and I'm not wasting money on single bottles.  $1.30 for a 5 gallon jug.
That said, don't skip those first ones.  There's still some character moments, and in retrospect you can see hints at what was to come later.  This season has even referenced events from those episodes.
Man, that would make searching for Transformers so much easier.
3rd, time can be changed, and the future they visited splits off into a variant timeline, at which point it becomes a separate universe.  That's pretty much how the comics have always operated.
Well, they never backed down, we know that much at least.  

One can infer that they've managed to make some progress in their lives.
Not so much confusing as having a bad tendency to derail character development to serve cliches.  The first season was fine, and Regina's eventual settling on being a hero worked out, but the in-between for anyone that started as a villain was a trainwreck of rubberbanding morality.  Just because "villains can't have happy endings" and people *self-identifying* as Heroes and Villains.
I wouldn't jump the gun.  Guggie's been fine on Legends, and the new showrunner has some marks both for and against her.
Nah, just Michael Bay himself.  It's not like Transformers never had crazy humans to deal with.
The name the image has is the name of those PCs.

Actually, if this is a work setup, I'd be willing to bet it's model number-service tag.
Better than me.  I ordered the pack, and the seller turned out to be a scammer and I never got them.

Amazon refunded me, but still.
If we're going that route, Roxy should get something unique.  Maybe she could provide access to rep-related skill training.
So, will the T5-U token here work like any other one?  Could I effectively (slowly) T5-U all my ships this way?
The former alien-Romulan players will be there to greet you.
Safety.  Most dispensers like this have something.  My watercooler at home has a thing to slide to push the button.  The one at work has a little lever you have to squeeze to push the dispenser lever, another has two buttons similar to OP.
Also, Photoshop CS2 is freely available now.  It's ancient, but if you can't stand GIMP's interface, it's there.  It's fine for casual use.
Not really.  Fury's not a public figure.  MCU SHIELD is a known quantity, but as an organization it's probably NSA-level notoriety.  The general public knows it exists, but has little reason to interact with it and probably can't name the director.  

Plus, both SHIELD loyalists and Hydra had a reason to keep the attack quiet at the time.
Oh, I think I see it.  There's 3 separate 100x energies.  I don't see the gold, but I may have claimed that without thinking about it.
Did I miss something?  Isn't the 3-year countdown supposed to have started?  I'm not seeing the 300 energy (which should have been yesterday) or the 300k gold (which should have been today)
Mod in a remote control system.
Oh.  I'm specifically running the Tetra Dualies these days, for that autobomb goodness.
You mean the Dualies in general?  I love them.  Even with my old main, the N-Zap 89, now available, I still usually run dualies.

Similar play to a Splattershot type, but the rolling adds a neat new tactic.
At least those are nice-looking, instead of "turn your mouse on the side".  Those two are also ancient, no mice at that time, that I'm aware of, did a charge-while-using setup.  Are there any newer mice, other than Apple's, that do it?
I don't like the mouse in question, but in Apple's defense, a fixed lithium-ion battery is going to last longer than a pair of AA batteries.

The issue here is putting the charger on the bottom.
Maybe Hasbro can step up their own retail game a bit.  HTS is flaky with having stock, but I can attest from similar experience how oddly internal politics could be to blame there.

If Hasbro were to beef up HTS and add Masterpieces and exclusives, they could see some nice bonus revenue, and doing it *now* would be a good time.
There's no Odyssey skirt.  Pretty sure there *is* a Bortasqu' skirt though.
If they're not developed, and you're just farming dil, it's arguably more-efficient to just delete and grind back to 50 for reps.  Doubly-so if you've got access to the Delta and Temporal reclaims.

Getting to 50 takes a week of playing on and off, or a weekend if it's an XP event.  The recruitment reclaims will get you about half-finished with marks.

That said, in OP's case, looks like they have a developed toon.
It just occurred to me, that if we lose the MPR, we won't have the light fixtures to jump on anymore.  RIP light fixtures.
Very unlikely.  When STO launched it *was* to scale, and people complained it was too small.  People don't realize how small DS9 really is.
Wait.  Are you trying to tell me that I only *think* I liked it because it's flashy?  That's one of the most pretentious things I've heard in a long time.
She's useful without it, but it *really* helps to have it.
I enjoyed the hell out of it.  It had its problems, sure, but it was fine.  Better than the prequels, but less than ANH or ESB.
Pretty much this.  Burnham's time at the Vulcan Science Academy basically got her credits at Starfleet Academy.  She probably had to take some SF-specific coursework to officially gain her commission, but that's it.

Theoretically, someone like O'brien could probably do the same.  Using his time in-rank as credit and taking some specific classes and exams to become commissioned.
I think I threw up in my mouth a bit.

Two great things that *do not* go great together.
At mine, at least, the section was almost bare week 1 at 10%.  And I think they're *still* at 10%.
I'd wager those functions will be moved to the Replimat.

Omega Force room will, sadly, probably just go away.  Roxy will probably get to stand somewhere else.
Let's kick it off.  Of these, who gets my T2 selector?  They're all at 6/6/60 20 gears, so it's really just a T2 ticket for me.  Unis noted if I have them.

* Absorbing Man
* America Chavez
* Chulk (uni)
* Jessica Jones
* Ms. Marvel
* Red Hulk (uni)
* She-Hulk (uni)
* Skurge
* Titania
* Inferno
* Klaue
* Whiplash
* Spider-Miles
* Destroyer
* Medusa
* Singularity

I'm leaning Red Hulk, Chulk, JJ, Skurge, or Klaue.
No they won't.  WBU is right now, around where WB was when it first came out.  They tweaked it down a bit, but not much, and that was mostly outright bugs.  We've just out power-creeped it.

Same will happen with WBU.  T3s will make it easy to traipse through it.
What if there's no power button on the side, with a double-tap like some LG phones?
Fun fact, when filming her cameo in Time of the Doctor, she had to wear a wig because she'd shaved her head to play Nebula.
Good time to jump in, we're between Doctors again.

The show first premiered in 1969, but don't let that discourage you.  Start with the 2005 revival, though you could conceivably start with any Doctor, particularly Smith or Whittaker, just as easily.  The first season, with Christopher Eccleston (who you may recognize as Malekith) is good, but does occasionally have issues finding its feet.

Then David Tennant (Killgrave) takes up the role for a few years.  I think he's had it the longest of all the new-era Doctors, and there is some really good material in there.

After him is Matt Smith (who hasn't been in a Marvel production), and a new showrunner came with him. Smith's biggest companion is Amy Pond, who is played by the above-mentioned Karen Gillan.  He stayed in the role for a few years before passing it off to Peter Capaldi.  Tennant's and Smith's years are pretty much generally agreed to be some of the best overall.

Capaldi also has not been in a Marvel production, nor have his companions (though Maisie Williams, who plays a recurring role in his second season, will be playing Wolfsbane in New Mutants).  He had the role for a couple years, and had some rocky bits, but I enjoyed his run a lot overall.  He's an interesting take as we swung from the youngest actor to portray him (Smith) to the oldest (Capaldi) in one transition.

Finally, the torch was passed to Jodie Whittaker, the first woman to canonically take on the role.  We've seen about 20 seconds of her as the Doctor, and there's a new showrunner, so it'll be a whole new experience.
1. Solid.  Required to get the best out of her.
2. Attack set, preferably POAH.
3. CDR > IgDef > HP > CrtD/CrtH
4. GBI is fairly important, but her iframes help in the department.  I put a CTP of Energy on her.
5. Solid in anything, save WBU (but then, who really is?).  I use her more than Wolverine in many cases due to her being able to enter iframes faster.  I dont't have a set rotation, except to spam 5 the moment its off CD.
6. She doesn't have any really stand-out teams.  I like to run Coulson or Shuri with her for damage boost though.  Any physical attack leader or Magento.  She's not bad when paired with Beast and Wolverine.
7. She's fine for all of them, BD being her worst for obvious reasons.
8. All floors.  I tend to use her in a hero relay or just somewhere in the late 20s.  She can handle Daredevil just fine with an Ignore Dodge leader.
9. X-Force, All-New Wolverine, All-New Wolverine (black and grey), Venomverse, X-Men Evolution
10.  I love X-23.  She's been one of my favorite characters in the comics, and her representation in MFF is right where she should be: A faster, but less hard-hitting Wolverine.  She's the only character I've ever outright bought crystals to spend on, and I don't regret that one bit.
True, but the reason I specified DBB is that you could then use an aft torp with it.  So you could slot 2 omnis and a torp aft.
If they'd remove the firing arc restriction, I think we'd actually see the power get some use, especially on DBB builds.
When you log in, there's a pop up at the lower-right that will tell you your level. You have to do minigames and stuff to raise it.  Level 5 requires 125 "ARP" which looks like it'll take a couple weeks to get.
I'm curious about this Orion, if it's any different than the normal diplo one.

Apparently, I'm only level 2 on the Alienware site, so that's annoying.
I think OP's grandfather has an army of nerds ready to do lawn work now.
Clearly, this is a backdoor test for a Pixar-helmed Berserk spinoff starring Puck.
... what?

Also, where can I find that music?
They don't have to, they have to make an official one that doesn't cost and arm and a leg.

Was what I was going to say, but Koot's actually reasonably priced for a 3rd party MP-scale figure.  Huh.
I never said they couldn't.  Just that they *haven't*, and seeing as how 6\* selectors and 6\* tickets and MRUT co-exist, there's no reason to assume these are going to replace T2 tickets.
Not in this sub
Kup.  I want a damn MP Kup.

Or if not Kup, an MP Perceptor with functioning microscope could be cool.
We're still getting tickets in the monthly check-in.  Until the tickets disappear entirely, I'm confident that they're simply complimentary items.  If NM really wanted to fuck us over, they could just put expiration dates on the T2 tickets.

For those of us that have been around for 3 years and have everyone at 20 gears, these selectors are a step back, but for newer players, they're likely quite superior in most cases.  We haven't actually gotten one yet, but I expect they'll just let you pick a character, in any state, and T2 them.  With exceptions for the paywalls and such, of course.

So time-limited, but can take you from unowned to T2 in one swoop, or a ticket that just saves 150 bios, 300 norns, 800 BAM, and 1000 CNS, but it lasts forever.
Ah, I guess I'm getting my first officers mixed up then.
I kind of want an Odyssey Dreadnought now.
Great, now I'm imaging Geordi with a library of full-body scans of all Starfleet personnel for his holodeck, so that he can assemble scenarios and play them out.

Geordi is us.
I think Riker's head of Starfleet Intelligence.  I may be confusing bits from the novels though.

I agree though that Riker or Janeway would fit nicely into the top desk.
No clue.
It's in the site's FAQ.  Pretty sure it's always been there.
Just All-Access.
No clue.
I stand corrected then.  I thought it's always been Freeman.
\**cries spotted tears*\*
It's not a spoiler, she's been confirmed as a Kai since the game launched.
There's a short comic series that takes place between TFA and TLJ.  It follows Phasma after Starkiller blew up.  Its a nice little look into the character.
You Siggy fans happy now?

I'm just glad Crispin Freeman is still doing his voice.
Yeah, but OP's only asking about SG-1.
That's only an option for the next 33 days.  The All-Access stuff goes away after that.

A month isn't much time to watch a full 10 seasons.
This reminds me of [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KxeDADO15kE) I watched a while back.  It's a breakdown of how lighting is used in Akira.
Eh, they flip-flop.  Honestly, all three of the ones that aren't Legends tend to shuffle around week-to-week.
You left off Amy.

Cervantes, Hilde, Maxi, Raphael, Seong Mi-na, Talim, Siegfried, Taki, Tira, Voldo
I would be surprised if he's got an exclusivity agreement with Disney.
It's not Kangol.  Kangol usually uses the kangaroo or needles logos.
No, I mean Rook.  I don't have any of those, and I doubt OP is going to want to spend extra there.

Looks like those two is a direct repaint though, so anything I said about Rook applies there.
On Talks Machina last night, they mentioned that Matt voices another companion in this one, so you can concievably have 3 Matt Mercer-voiced companions.  Or something.  I haven't played Pillars.
* Motorcycle: Deluxe Groove/Afterburner (only Groove is available outside of a set)
* APC/Jeep: Rook/Hound/Swindle
* Porsche/GT-R: Prowl/Smokescreen/Streetwise/Dead End
* Truck/Van: Trailblazer/Ironhide/First Aid
* F1 Car: Dragstrip/Mirage

As a single figure, instead of going off the mold as a whole, Rook is my favorite of the deluxes.  He's got cannon hands, which you can peg into the HFGs for Hulk-hands, or onto some guns to give him long rifle hands.  There's just a lot you can do with him.
When has that ever stopped fanartists or shippers?
I don't think her midriff is bare, there's a sort of brass-colored piece of fabric covering it.
Coming Summer, 2019: Legends of Tomorrow: The Movie.  Directed by James Gunn.
Since Legends started being awesome, I've been of the mind that a lot of the hate for Guggie really should be pointed at Mericle.  Not that he's totally clear, but he's proven that he's not as bad as we thought.

He's also written a good bit for Marvel comics, and they've been fine.  Nothing stand-out, but nothing horrible either.
Your "before blocking" link, and the one in the OP are open crowns, not unblocked.
Japan tends to be even crazier for collectibles than the West.
Inafune is a game producer, he was an artist on X1-3, and produced X4 and 5, Zero, Legends, and Battle Network.

The Zero series is another Mega Man series, set (I believe) even farther in the future, following Zero from MMX (with a heavy redesign).
We've been told no Vorta for the Jem'hadar faction.  We've been told other races *may* be made available for the other factions.  That could include Vorta
Jadzia was cheeky.
It wouldn't have to follow the same curve.  Just that there's no reason it can't use bios.
The same way other T2s work?  Just have it cost bios.
Fans *have* been aware for months now.  Stories like this have been on Marvel and comics subs for a while, though this is the most-comprehensive I've seen.  It's just like there's not much anyone can do.
Breaking Ben isn't one of my favorite bands, but I like 'em enough.

SP is at 5/6 for me so far.

Nice to get some Trivium in RB too.
No he doesn't.  The cap is equal to the number of spec points you can have, plus any legacy "overcap" that some of us have from getting them from FEs.  Doesn't matter if they're spent

So, as soon as you hit 196 (plus any legacy), between spent and banked points, you'll start getting dil.

The only reason to bank them these days is to get a headstart on a new Spec.
> I would love it that upon slotting the Constable spec, you get a similar ability that you can slot on your hotbar. You can then cast it on enemies, unlocking the Constable effects on them.

Basically, Sensor Scan or the Intel ship ability
The third shirt, "Villanz: Cartoon Days" also has Megatron on it.
I haven't watched Galactica in years, but if I recall, weren't they referring to redlining the FTL drive?  Not that this was some kind of border of known space, but that the drive was jumping a dangerous distance, like redlining an engine.
Sorry, I meant Quasar.  I've got Nova at 6\*
I've got a pile of 3\* tickets, one 4\* ticket, a pile of 5\* tickets, and a couple 6\* tickets.

Killmonger, Kid Kaiju, SM2099, and ~~Nova~~ Quasar are all unlocked, but unranked, but I've got an active sub.  Who should ride the ticket train to 6\*?  

Everyone else, save for the Ultimates, Warlock, and Emma, are at least 6/6/60 with maxed gears, and I've got most of the native T2s at 6\* if not maxed, so I'm not exactly hurting for any-one niche to be filled.

Edit: I also have an MRUT, but I'm not sure I want to blow it on any of them right now.
A fully-mastered green ISO-8.  Which just has Energy Defense.  That was a bit of a roller coaster.

Does anyone know if you do Change Option, could it re-roll to All Defense?

Edit: Wait, that wasn't the Plat.  Got a 4\* rank up ticket, which is goddamned perfect for me.  I didn't get enough of them with the April Fools' boxes, and I've got a bunch of paywalls sitting at 3\*.
A plush Beebo seems like a complete no-brainer.
Hal has sort of appeared too.  In the opening of one episode of Arrow (season 4?), there's a man in a bomber jacket labeled "Jordan" right in front of the camera.  No face is visible, and it pans off him a second later, but he's there.
If they reveal any more of Voldo, the game's rating will have to go up.
> The largest issue with the Xbox version of Morrowind was the load times, by far.

And lack of mods.  I can't envision playing a Bethesda game without full mod support.
That we know of
That was possibly the greatest fight scene on television, ever. 
On all the time, visibly steels-up at the point of impact
Basically.  Doesn't have to be another hero, it's just that either someone has it trademarked for toys or it's considered too common to trademark, and they want something they *can* trademark.

Hasbro had this happen with Transformers too.  It's why there's no Bumblebee in the Armada trilogy and why many of them these days are "Autobot -whatever" or "Decepticon -whatever"
I was going to mention that too.  Comics Mantis is a top-tier martial artist.  Of course, she's also got precognition in the comics, so she knows where you're going to be before you do.  She doesn't have that power in the movies, so they may leave that out entirely.
So strange to see Ming-Na Wen posts outside of Agents of SHIELD these days.
It would be kind of out of left-field to bring Spoiler without Batman and Robin appearing first, but sure.
I've got 3 Native T2s at 6\*, but not level 60.  Except for Adam Warlock (who I don't own), all the rest are at level 60.  Which one should I proritize next?

* Odin
* Dormammu
* Scarlet Witch

Odin and SW are at 1 mastery star, DMM's at 5.  They're all at 17 gears.  I'm leaning a bit toward DMM since he's already a bit farther ahead, and villains are still in shorter supply than heroes, but I wanted to get other opinions.
Yeah, usually I'd agree, but I already had it out and open. And *most* of the time, it won't be an issue, it's not a primary device or anything.
It's a thing inherent to the keyboard itself, no way to change it, sadly.
I just had a discussion about alt+F4 with a coworker last week.  Apparently, it's not a key combo used in OSX, and I had to do some work on a Macbook.  It kept throwing me off that I couldn't hit alt+F4 to close the browser.

The new bluetooth keyboard I picked up for my Steam Link has issues there too.  The F keys have non-standard functions on it, and you have to hold an "fn" key to actually use them like that.  Annoyed me a bit since I have F9 mapped to confirm rep donations and was trying to do it from my Steam Link.
Literally Unplayable - "Its Battleworld"

BW has been a waste of time for longer than it *hasn't* at this point.
So *that's* why he's got that flip-out peg.
Ah, I thought it was online-only.  I didn't know there was an offline component at all.
I thought Disney Infinity was shut down?
AFAIK, it was only removed in social areas.  But it's very hard to get enough height to die without a floater anyway.
That one you're missing is pretty common.  Which is weird since you've got what I think is the rare one from that set.
Smolwave or Swolwave?
I really, *really* want someone at Cryptic to pass this on to Aron and for him to enter it.
Not necessarily more "canon" setups, but most of my builds as of late have been gimmicky.

I've found that I like having "chase guns", usually the quad cannons if I can slot them.
The Cira Center already looks like it could almost fit into a cyberpunk setting without the fog.
What about just adding it as a map we could visit instead of making it a fully functional social zone?  Just take it how it is now, maybe remove the banners and tables, and put a contact in the ESD shuttlebay to fly to Bozeman.  It wouldn't be any worse than how Vulcan or Andoria are right now.
Nothing announced, but they may do something.
I like Exalted.  The setting is basically a fantasy kitchen sink.  It's Storyteller based, so if you've ever played WoD, it's a similar system (but totally different in general tone).  

It rewards doing crazy things with bonus dice or even experience (at GM discretion, of course).  So, say you're fighting a guy.  You can just say "I hit them with my sword" and roll your pool.  If you get more involved "I glare at him, bringing my greatsword in a sweeping arc, motes of golden essence trailing in its wake as I take a mighty swing at his knees", that might get you a bonus die.  If you get more involved, "I glare at him, then juke right, kicking off the wall to gain height, glowing with golden essence as I drop on him from above", you might get 2 bonus die.  A 3 die stunt (the max) would be hard to do with this example, but you're talking setting a whole scene kind of thing.  Basically, the move evocative and the more you try to add to the immediate setting, the more stunt dice you'll get (at GM discretion).  I once wrote out the description for casting a long-term ritual spell, clocked in at a good half-page of prose and got a 3 dice stunt for it.  A decent player should be able to do 1-die stunts off the cuff with 2-die here and there.

Exalted can be *very* crunchy though, so that's an issue. And it's hard to balance at high levels, so the GM has to resist allowing the players to advance too fast.

I just picked up Star Trek Adventures too, after watching Shield of Tomorrow.  It uses a 2d20 system.  It's a bit less crunchy than most from what I've seen.
It hasn't?  Damn.

Sounds like a good time to fold it in the Arrowverse.  Until season's finale in iZombie, there was no major reason it couldn't be.
That really applies to any RPG system, not just D&D.  Some even encourage it explicitly.  D&D's just the most ubiquitous.
You certainly can.  Nothing wrong with it externally, but it'll be warm (as I'm sure you've found out).
No.  Not at all.  They're loosely based on the Infinity story from the comics, but even then not *really*.
I think it's more accurate to say it's not canon to Prime Earth.  It *is* canon, but only to the Bombshells universe.
Just bought LTS recently myself.  I'll probably win this now out of spite.

I could use a new router though.
Same.  At least it's not BAM.

The April Fool's box has been nice though.
I haven't... but actually having him cameo on Legends would be sweet
Ok Regal, any time now...
* Use an Intel ship with Subnuc Carrier Wave
* Don't shoot them until the FBP ends.
* Just tank it
Do you have the boff tray turned on?  You can still click them from there.
Gravitational singularity
> Featuring Agitha the bug princess and the gender-swapped "Linkle" over iconic characters like Aghanim and Vaati is incredibly surprising to me.

I will not stand for this slanderous treatment of Linkle!
QS and Wanda came out after X-Genes existed.  The selector didn't, but if NM wanted to deploy it then, there's 0 reason they couldn't have.
Why aren't Wanda and Pietro in it then?  If they're sticklers enough to not make them Mutants, Deadpool shoudln't be in it either.

Regardless, he might be (wrongly) put in it.  But the lack of X-Gene selector was never a hurdle to getting him in-game.
He's not a mutant
It's a heavy escort.  Oslo saucer, Zephyr "hull", and I can't recall which struts. I think it's the Alita's, maybe Armitage, or Thunderchild.
Very, very doubtful.  They just derive from the same source (Thanatos)
Pepsi's doing it now?

I'm just going to stop going to places where I have to get my own drinks, damn it.  These machines are a blight.
He could have moved on, and then eventually returned to DS9.
Milliways is on the directory too, that's the Restraunt at the End of the Universe.
That's all we know.  To be truthful, we dont' know for certain it'll drop in June with ViL either.  Probably, but it could be later, like after the summer event.
Tet drains shields, Pol drains power.  Neither proc is amazing.

Tet loses any specialness when shields are down, Pol just doesn't drain much against NPCs unless you *really, really* spec for it.
I remember the manual for Windows 98 had an address you could write to to request floppies for it.
First I've heard of that... maybe superglue?  I dont' have him in front of me to examine.
Unf, another Tetryon booster console.  Mirror Ziva's build is getting crowded...
Right, which is why I specified that they'd have to be at least 30 years old.

As of 1993, garage doors had to have those sensors included, at least in the US.  (Just looked up the year, I was a few years off)  Older doors wouldn't need to be upgraded, but any one installed since 1993 has them.
I never really though about it that way, that it's more targeted at the score-chasers instead of casual buyers that want a little discount.
Have you only seen garages that are more than 30 years old?
Huh?

Of the Playstations I've owned, all have had plain 2 or 3 prong power plugs, save for the PS2 slim which had an external brick (but the cord into that had one).  What's wrong with that?
Hit cherry, fill half, then hit lime and fill half.  In that way, it's not any different than doing it old school.
You're forced to use the screen for all of it except that last "pour" function and the ice.  You go from virtual buttons to physical, which causes a bit of a disconnect if you're not used to having to jump through hoops to get your soda in the first place.
You shouldn't have to use an app to get a goddamned soda.
They almost invariably have a slight "chemical" taste to them too.  I can't get cola from them because that taste is so prevalent, I have to get lemonade or something to hide it.
I've got it.  The sculpt for Teal'c is nice, but the line is kind of inconsistent.  They're fragile as hell and the sculpt gets in the way of some obvious poses. They're also finicky to get standing properly (partly due to sculpt issues).  The big gate piece that came with them is nice enough though.

Between those, the poor-posability and standability of the TF2 line, and the shitty build quality on my Gipsy Danger, I just won't buy NECA's stuff anymore.
The only issue there is that caloric requirements for a given day can change.  If Ensign Jimmy is going to spend most of his day standing watch in the brig, he's not going to need a lot of calories.  If there's a sudden boarding action, he's going to need a lot more.  Plus, the replicator won't know if Ensign Jimmy is ordering for himself or someone else.

The replicators might advise against going over a given amount of calories, but aren't going to flat-out stop someone from eating extra.
Gundam Action Bases work well too.  I'd post pictures, but my phone is being uncooperative.
I noticed this a little while ago.  Using the Zephyr hull and the Alita (or Armitage, I forget) crossbar.  The crossbar doesn't touch the outriggers at any point.
Another solid week.  I'm always up for more Blues Traveler, and this brings this season's pass to 4/5 for me.  Steal My Sunshine is a guilty pleasure, so that's a buy too.

It just occurred to me that the SP really should be just a bit cheaper.  8 songs at retail price is $15.92, so if you like the whole pack it's a $2.43 discount.  If you don't like 1 song, it's now only a 44 cent discount, and if you don't like 2 songs, it's actually a $1.55 loss.  Making it $11.99 would give it *almost* a 2 song discount, close enough that 2 down would be only a 5 cent loss.  It would encourage early purchases.
QC's been all over the place for the whole trilogy.  I had to tighten ball joints on a bunch of them across the lines.  Pin joints too.  Loose head clamps on a number of TRs (specifically Scourge and his moldmates), weak clear plastic where it doesn't need to be (looking at you, Broadside).  Two-left-hands syndrome on several figures.  My first CW Wheeljack was missing an entire wheel, even.  Many, many figures have something that just doesn't quite tab in right.

I love the stuff we've gotten from these lines, but QC is slacking something fierce.
There is, its just a more-connected, and no subtitles.

We had the future/space pod, and now we've got the present day pod.
No it's not.  Everything he said was right, save for maybe the "they are not a team" part.  I'd say they are, in a loose sense.
The number of people I've met that get a laptop and then just let it sit on their desk is staggering.  

OP *probably* has a good reason to want a laptop, but asking the question isn't unwarranted.  The guy you responded to probably could have worded it better though.
Image 3, #3.  That's basically my daily hat.  This makes me happy.  Glad we're getting a flat-cap finally.
You're right, but your example is bad.  Those characters are well-developed on their own, and really only share powers and motif.
Hey now, not all of us KDF Joined Trills can be MU expats.

Nice use of the Korath uniform too.
Holy crap, I never noticed that.
Sorry, but there's a point when you just can't be expected to spoiler tag everything.

Also, what I said happens fairly early.  All in the first book, and I believe even mostly in the first half of that.
Is it wrong to want young Barack Obama as a recurring guest character?  Have Sara go visit him for leadership advice a couple times a season.
I'm just going off what was in Destiny.  David Mack would be the person to ask.

I'd imagine time dilation itself is a bit of a safety concern though, in the mental sense.  "Whoops, we went .95c for a year, we missed several decades of time, a whole war, and most of our friends are dead!"  Which is what happened in Destiny.  And it led to some serious morale issues.
At least in Destiny, Starfleet Impulse drives are built with a safety limiter.  It can be removed, but it's non-trivial.
Skyrim has it's share of glitches on all platforms, frankly.
Maybe nothing.  All it takes is one person to convince themselves and others that something was in them and suddenly everyone's feeling ill.
Probably looking for help installing or playing Sam and Max or Indiana Jones and the Fate of Atlantis.
It could have used a quality pass (I remember *a lot* of running), but yeah.  I miss it too.
No.  Because Disney won't likely put any new streaming shows on Netflix, they'll go on their own platform.

Cheekiness aside, sure.  I don't see why it wouldn't.  Netflix would be well-suited to it, really.
We've seen Borg straight-up assimilate tech, so that's not really a concern.  Plus, how often do most ships encounter Borg?

It's important to remember that the Intrepid-class was the first ship to use gelpacks.  The issues we see on Voyager probably would have been sorted out by season 7 if she were able to reach space dock once in a while.  Like sealing them to prevent biological contamination, or adding comprehensive filters if they can't be sealed, for instance.  As for the replication angle, I don't think it's a big leap to assume a fully-equipped Intrepid-class would have had a way to make new ones, even if not via replication.

Gelpacks offer faster computations and better fuzzy logic work than isolinear circuitry, so if Starfleet works out the kinks, you can assume that's where everything is going.  If a few kinks were a reason to stop, we'd still be using duotronics.
No where legal that I know of.
I got one.

Sara, in the jump ship, runs into a multiversal nexus.  Suddenly, there's 52 jump ships, each with its own Sara, each with varying degrees of differences, including at least a couple that are male.  All are played by Caity Lotz, except for a few who are played by Arrowverse actors in wigs.  Chaos ensues.
Archer gets part of it in the series finale for Enterprise.
Purple parts *do* make it more likely that you'll win, but the RNG is *huge*.  To the point that it is far from a guarantee.

You're correct in that trying means nothing though.  Also, even in the "rebuild parts" phase, you can just mash F and have a good chance of getting full purples, even if you started with nothing.
What else would you do?  The fade to black is presumably in the master.  A since the acting continues during the fade, a smash cut that removes it would risk cutting out bits of the episodes.
I'm so totally shocked.

Might get it, might not.  Unicronus is badass looking and a totally new take on things.  This one's at least got some new weapons, but I'm not sure I care enough to get him.
Pretty sure Odin actually *did* lock up Thor's powers with the worthiness enchantment on Mjolnir.  He's worthy when Hela destroys the hammer, and presumably the enchantment stopped applying with its destruction anyway.
Wha... 
I can't speak to CS, I haven't dealt with them.

Did you try removing and re-adding your credit card entirely?  If that doesn't work, then it sounds like there may be an issue with your bank, they may be denying the payments as suspected fraud.
FWIW, HD CRTs do exist.  They're not made anymore, but you may be able to find them used.

Now, that said, you'll likely need to repair it.  I had an HD CRT for years, but as it got older, the sync between sound and visual started to drift while it was on.  I'd be watching a few episodes of something, and have to power cycle it to fix the issue.  I tossed it due to that, and due to the red electron gun going out.
Aside from the pop-up part, I'm not sure what advantage this offers over the Google Authenticator.
The total lack of Rush on the soundtrack was more glaring.
In the book, Wade at least is still in High School (he attends *in* the Oasis).  Artemis is around the same age, I forget exactly.  The movie puts Wade specifically at 18.

High school kids, at least in the real world, will latch onto anything to make fun of someone.  Someone in HS or just out of it being insecure about a huge birthmark on their face isn't weird.

I agree that they made everyone too attractive, but the birthmark was a decent compromise, given the character's age.
The movie didn't do a good job showing how much time passed, but there's nothing showing that it *wasn't* months later either.

I agree that the plot did feel like it was moving way faster than the book though.
I enjoyed it.  It wasn't perfect, and it wasn't the same as the book, but the book wouldn't make for a good movie.  *Most* of the changes, I can understand, however there's one glaring omission.

Where the hell is the Rush?  The book's last part is all based on Halliday's love of Rush.  The only Rush references in the movie are Aech's 2112 shirt and a 2112 poster in kid-Halliday's bedroom.  They took the time to put Tom Sawyer in the first trailer, but didn't put in the movie.

Also, I echo the sentiment that they copped out with the Five's real-world looks.  Especially Wade and Artemis.  They're too attractive.
I assume IOI was paying them to look the other way.  Aech leaking the confession was too blatant to ignore and they had to act.

Alternately, there was an investigation and IOI paid off someone to report it as a gas explosion or miscreants not-attached to IOI.
I was thinking Zelda's about to clothesline herself on Mipha's spear.  What is Zelda even doing there anyway?
It's a static image, it wouldn't make a good screensaver.
I meant for me it's basically turning into a T2 ticket.  For you, you'll likely be able to use the T2 ticket on Hulk and turn your 1\* into a T2.

That said, we've never *had* a T2 selector before, so it's really just guessing.
I've got a few, but the line is too expensive for the quality, IMO.
I wouldn't know, my comics lore is pretty lacking, especially the Marvel era.
For that matter, Cybertron is typically represented as Earth-size *at most*, typically significantly smaller.  At the end of the movie, Unicron is standing on Cybertron
I wouldn't see why they would stop.  There's plenty of demand for those, and having the collections won't conflict with a reboot.  They may be rebranded IDW Classics or something though.
Yours is already actually closing?

Mine hardly has any TFs left, and they're still at 10%.
The 5 and 6 will become more rare again though.  I do really appreciate it, however.

I do wish they'd give us some way to turn in, say a 5\* for a pair of 4s, or a 4 and a 3.  Hell, I'd even do a straight trade for 5 to 4.
I"m kinda glad because it'll give me a starting point to get in on the ground floor with what comes next.  Meanwhile, I'll be able to finish off the current one with collected editions.
If it doesn't, it would be a T2 ticket.  So it almost has to.

That said, we've never seen one before, so we can only guess at this point.
3\* and 4\* Rank-up tickets?  I'll take 'em.  Hopefully can snag a few and move up my paywalls on the cheap.  I've only got one 6\* ticket left ATM, but if I can snag a few, I'll be a happy camper.
Nice.  Picked up 18 of the Main Ranges.  Damn near just grabbed them all, but I figure they'll have more chances for this in the future, and I'll need time to finish this bunch, plus the few others I have hanging around.
I just brute force it.  Doesn't take any longer than walking.
Bruce Dickinson, of Iron Maiden, is a licensed pilot too, and even worked in the field.  He actually flew the band's 747 for some of their tours.
So, you're saying Buzz Lightyear will become an Avenger?
We do, kind of.  There's a couple of consoles for it, and increasing your Starship Stealth rating or Aux power will increase your detection.  Science Officers can use Sensor Scan to help too.

The problem is when major NPCs (like Sela) cloak, they actually disappear entirely.  The entity isn't there anymore.  They also get to ignore things like tractor beams (goddamn it, Donatra) because of that.  I believe minor NPCs actually use the cloaking mechanic, however.
As far as in-game resources?  Nico.  I've put an inordinate amount of resources into her, so I can get into the top 10, and I'm not done.  She's still got a few Uru to max, and I want to change her to a different CTP (which also means crystals to unequip the one that's on her).  Annoyingly, now that she's in the shop, it would have made it much, much easier.  Magneto was expensive (and thus Jean), but I didn't spend much actual money on crystals for him, just part of a Stark's Stash.

Real-money, probably X-23.  I actually bought crystals to get her gears up.  I've bought a few months of the bio subs, but that's been spread across numerous characters.

Time-wise, I don't think anyone really.  Time tends to be spend spread across so many things in-game.
You don't need a dedicated button for it.  GA listens for "OK Google" or you can long-press the home button.
I loved^^^/s how TOR time-gated *running* for non-paying players.  WTF.

What really got me with TOR's setup is how some stuff is locked to a server.  I bought the Miraluka unlock pretty quickly.  Then, a friend wanted me to play with him.  I wasn't too far in, so I figured I'd roll a Miraluka on his server with a different class.  Nope.  Racial unlocks are per-server.

I played a bit more after that, but it just took most of the wind out of my sails.  Hell, the whole characters being per-server thing is just so damn outdated at this point too.
Cute.

You should try crossposting to r/startrek.
That's what I said.  Bank or CU isn't always an option as, like I said, many no longer do coin counting.
Trash Panda jazz-hands
Maybe because he's a raccoon flying with a jetpack?  The entire thing is absurd, and it kind of makes you remember how absurd Rocket's existence even is.
These days?  I don't think so.  She's more likely to help Batman than do anything villainous, beyond some thievery here and there.
I wish I had pictures of what my co-worker did during my one internship.

We had a lot of PCs being tossed.  He started stripping out the case fans, took 16 or so, wired them together, and wired that into an ATX power supply.
That's exactly what happens.  My grandmother had a minor stroke last year from a bacterial build up in an artery.  A fungus would be no different.

Also, op, it can't be a virus and a fungus.
Let's not encourage another [SW fighting game.](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Star_Wars:_Masters_of_Ter%C3%A4s_K%C3%A4si)
Banks/Credit unions do it sometimes.  Sometimes just for members, sometimes for anyone.

If you can't do that, you're probably stuck with a Coinstar type machine, which you can find at grocery stores.  Last I checked, they had a 9% fee, but they waive it if you go straight to an Amazon gift card.
OP said this was about a month accumulation.  Still a chance, but it's pretty unlikely to find many.
At one point, Nick Studios also had a thing during the tour where you'd play a Sonic game against another player.  I can't recall what the prize was.  Nick Arcade also featured Sonic games a few times.
That's a bit like when I won a Pallet of Crap from Woot.

Most of the Pallet was filled with Would You Rather daily calendars.  For that current year.  And it was late summer already, IIRC.
And Marc Summers is a recurring guest on Preston and Steve
Well, yeah.  I expect the Guards were stationed in two rooms at the beginning of the temple run.  The peephole and the host yelling out their room was to let them know when to appear.  It's not like the guards were roaming the temple and happening upon the kids.
The only reason to run Elachi is for marks (or dil from marks).  So you're back in it.

There's no reason to run Breach (anymore) on all your toons unless you want the extra dil for the 14 day project.  That's not how it used to be, but it is now, thankfully.
Landmark didn't show up at all in Moviepass before this?
Easily the best of the Kelvin movies.  I personally put it up pretty high overall.  II is still the best, IV and VI are probably next, but I think I'd put Beyond in the #4 spot.
Krall attacked the Enterprise because he's got a hate-on for the Federation, but more importantly, the Enterprise had the McGuffin which was part of a bioweapon he was going to use to attack the Federation.
Transformers: The Movie (1986), Nelson Shin
I misread your post as "selector" instead of ticket, thinking that you meant the the upcoming T2 selector, sorry.

I'd still lean Mantis, but I'd put Rhino or Sandman before Groot in your case.
I don't remember them having trays before, that might be a new thing for this iteration.

Looking it up, this is actually the "Grab & Go" edition, it's a compact version made for travel.  So the tray makes sense.  The normal version still lacks the tray.
Taken further, it can potentially involve bystanders as well.  Depends on how widely "involved" is interpreted.  Standing around watching could be seen as encouraging the fight, to say nothing of actually shouting or something.

I'm not saying it has happened, but I wouldn't be surprised.
I'm not quite sure what the advantage is then.  I guess there's some side-benefits, but that's exactly how it works with everyone else.
I actually heard this before I ever knew it was a cover of a Simon & Garfunkel song (or a ballad before that).  I still prefer this version of S&G.
5 was fine, but not as good as the original.  4 though, that was trash.
I'm thinking it may be Injustice, and it's referring to year zero of Superman's Regime?
Crystal, Rhino, Lizard, and Sandman are easy to farm, I'd avoid them.

Between Mantis and Groot, I'd lean Mantis.
So, essentially this means MP users can order Landmark tickets right from in the app, right?  That's nice, it removes the whole "have to be there" aspect and streamlines things a bit.

If only I'd *have* a Landmark near me.
The design.  The Event one is a dorito, the fleet one is a boomerang, and the T5 one is a flying saucer.
Which is a Thursday, so we'll likely get it dropped actually *on* FC Day.
I know this is 2 weeks later, but yeah.  It was.  Basically just steak meat, cheese, and onions in a stromboli shell.

Drexel Pizza is the place in question, not sure if it's still there.  Campus has changed a lot since I graduated.  There was a place just north of City Hall called Olga's that had some great (and really cheap) ones too, but they're closed for sure.
You may be right.  It was probably around the same time.
I don't much like his robot mod, but his plane mode is awesome.  One of the few Bayverse toys I've bought, he's actually on a Gundam Action Base on my desk at work.

I gave the sword to Grimlock though.
IIRC, it was bonkers the day it released, but it was due to a bug or some kind of unforseen mechanical interaction and that got fixed soon after.
> ~~Black~~ White Hole Sun
I ordered Rodimus Unicronus a little while back, so probably him.  I was just at TRU yesterday, and the TFs are almost entirely cleared out.  A few movie toys, a couple pegs of RID Windblade (with the weird face), and a handful of random other RID toys are left.

I did snag the big Voltron giftset though.
I don't allow it access to contacts, phone, or texts.  It's basically it's own thing.
If you lose weight and can't keep it off, that's not their fault... all I can say is it's working for me so far.
I resisted getting a Facebook account until last year.  Only reason I did that was to have messenger to replace AIM.  I made my profile, someone can find me, but I have most of it locked way the hell down.
That's not a cultural norm in most of society.
Any clue if having the original will give us this for free?  I've got an ancient CD copy of NWN sitting around somewhere.
Going to try to not sound like an ad here, but look into Weight Watchers.  Ultimately, it's calorie management, but it simplifies the process as well as adding a gamification layer.

I've lost over 60 lbs in just under 6 months.  As long as you stick to it, it works.  Seeing just how many points I'd consume compared to their target number was shocking to me.  Even what I'd consider a "light" meal when trying to lose some weight was a lot.
I haven't seen enough of Legion to make a judgment on it, which is why I specified "network" TV.  FX is cable.
I'd love for the GLC to appear.  Guy Gardner interacting with the SG cast would be amazing.  Or Rayner becoming a Lantern and coming from, say, the art team at CatCo.

Just as long as Hal is introduced on Flash or Arrow.
So, what you're saying is Dahrk could become the Legends' Crowley?
4/5 for the season pass this time so far.  Might get this one.

Never heard of the non-Savage Garden one.
Seeing as how Arc Rewards disappeared, this affects me precisely not at all.
After you replied, I just realized most of them don't actually end in ia, oddly enough.  Though it's the most-common 2 letter ending.
Logan is it's own timeline, it latches onto the world building from the others, but it's not actually the final movie in any X-Men timeline.  That would just be silly.
The rumors were Warlock.  Which would be a big character to add in with reshoots.
There's always an unlikely chance that Fox could allow Marvel to do rewrites to essentially turn them into MCU movies.  New Mutants could be an interesting way to introduce them to the MCU.

Not that I think this *is* what's happening.  Just that it isn't impossible.
"doodle"

Going off this, you have more artistic talent in your pinky finger than I have in total.
> why most Star Wars fans hate TFA and TLJ.

[Citation needed]

I loved both movies.  They're not perfect, and TLJ would have been better with portions excised and placed in a comic book, but it was still highly enjoyable.
As a fan of the old EU, it's better that Disney tossed it out to do the movies.  There's too much to work around.  The way they're doing it is better, they get a clean slate and can re-insert the parts that work.
Facebook has fans?

Also, I'm surprised people are finding the stuff that's come out lately a surprise.  It wasn't really hidden before that FB is selling your data to whoever.
Not that bad?  Legends is the second-best comic book show on network TV right now and far and away the best Arrowverse show.  Might even be the best show on CW.
That's the 360 version, not the Windows one.
The tradeoff is that the game loads a whole hell of a lot faster.

If you just want to pop in and play for 30 minutes, Sims 4 is far superior, since you're not spending half that time loading the world.
Maybe in some continuity, but not in the main or Ultimate universes.  They didn't even meet until well into adulthood.

Fun fact I found while double-checking myself, his first appearance wasn't even in an X-Men comic, it was in Iron Fist.
I have one rule, which I've broken three times.  All of my character names end in "a", mostly "ia".  It was originally just a coincidence, now I keep with it.

I don't have a system for coming up with the names, just what I think sounds good in the moment, sometimes named after someone, sometimes what sounds good.  My Kingon even uses an RNG name.

* Ziva is *not* named after the NCIS character, not consciously anyway.  Its one of my standard names for female characters in games.
* Mirror Ziva should be self-explanatory
* Ch'raba is an RNG name
* Talia is named for the Batman character, at least her given name.
* Basara is named for the main character from Macross 7
* Trakka is named after Matt Trakker from M.A.S.K.  I had found an extended version of the show's theme song that I was listening to when I rolled him.
* Oria is named for a character from the power metal opera Days of Rising Doom, by Aina.
* T'pei was an accident, as I brainfarted on my naming scheme.
* Xia is just a name I chose that sounded cool.
* Borgia is a Borg toon.
* Wava is derived from my handle.
* Morca is totally not Lorca.  Also not Mork.

I others who have since been deleted.  The other two times I broke my rule were for Angus McFife XIII (named for the character from Gloryhammer) and C. Gul.

No, it was because Beyond had almost no marketing.  I'm a Trek fan and barely realized it was out.

The weak opening led to it just never recovering.  Which is a shame, as it was easily the best Kelvin movie.  I'd put it in the top half of the movies overall.
Black Swan seems like a reasonable shot.  I don't see Death being added though.

Maybe Mephisto and Pip?  That would round out the major players (aside from cosmic entities) from the original Infinity Gauntlet story.
I have a CTP of Energy, but I do intend to swap her to Transcendence or Refinement, since those give +all attack, and she could use more survivability.
Yeah, just with a wig
I think the Time Masters had a hunter going after the Legends past selves to eliminate them.

It's been a bit, so I may be a bit off.
Not really.  She's been in deep space doing stuff, maybe working alongside the Kree.  Peter didn't keep up with news from Earth, no reason she would have to either.

She only returns when Thanos starts to threaten Earth openly.
This needs a whole shaker of salt.
Not a big leap to assume her powers make her age slowly and she's just spent her time away from Earth.

There's plenty of crazy physics things (real and movie-style) that could allow her to show up 30 years later with little-to-no aging too.
Olcadan, because owl head?  WTF?
No.  Not worth it.
Back when the Masteries first dropped, I remember grinding out all the DR ships on all my toons.  I can't even think about that now.  I rarely even grind out anything beyond what they're flying unless it's important to their build (I don't have many "must have" traits)
* 1 toon (Fed) from 0-30-something
* 1 toon (Rom, Reman), from 0-40
* 1 toon (KDF, Talaxian), from 10-40
* 1 toon (Fed, Borg) from ~30-60

A few more spec points for Ziva, and I mastered 3 ships between Ziva and Talia.
That didn't occur to me... I already opened the choice pack.

Still, I don't want to wait *that* long for a return here.
I'm still torn on which Hot Rod I prefer.

G1's a classic, but as a toy, it's rough.  That's a given.

Classics is based on a real (concept) car, and just looks *amazing* in car mode.  His robot mode, however... those are some funky arms and he's got the tinest head ever.

TR is nice, but he's got gorilla arms.  Car mode's nice, but can't hold a candle to Classics.

PotP is great in that it recreates G1, but he's still got gorilla arms, and his stand-alone car mode is a step back from other entries.
PotP Hot Rod is best displayed as part of the larger Rodimus Prime form.  Rodiumus is freaking great.  Hot Rod's fine, but IMO, none of the Hot Rod toys quite get it right as a robot.
I liked it, but something was lacking.  Grit is a good term to use.
Or the 3rd group, people that wanted what amounted to a live action (with CG) mecha anime movie.

And it delivered in spades, even tossing in the "teenage hotshot pilot/engineer" trope.  Oh, and a cameo from the Unicorn Gundam.
> The marketing for the film has been intense which certainly explains the fantastic limited opening but the marketing never made it clear the film was coming out in limited this weekend and not expanding wide until mid-April

This got me.  I was expecting to make it a 2-movie weekend, but Isle of Dogs, which I'd seen trailers and advertising for all over the damn place, was nowhere to be seen.
I was going to mention those.  I ran DWS tires for a while, nice tires, and the DWS tread wear indicator was nifty.
He's back recently, the whole BO was revived by someone.  I think the Grand Master.
My mother used to smoke 1-2 packs a day.  I think a lot of it is people are just becoming more aware of how bad smoking is for them and how vile it is to non-smokers.  Plus the costs to be a smoker are going up in many places, it's approaching $10/pack in PA.

Getting an eCig was the best thing she's done for her health in a long time.  Obviously it would be better if she could ditch it entirely, but at least her cancer risk has gone down, she's breathing better, and the house and her clothes no longer reek of cigarettes.  It's also a lot cheaper.  One $10 bottle of juice lasts her a week.
One of the biggest, if not the biggest, non-video game streams on Twitch is probably Critical Role, which is a group of voice actors sitting down and playing D&D.  Been watching it since campaign 2 started.  Geek and Sundry also has a weekly stream of a group playing Star Trek Adventures.
Great, then maybe I can sell my T6 TOS ship choice box for a good price and join the Space Bourgeois
Applebees is a casual dining restaurant.  More expensive and slower than fast food like McDonalds, but cheaper than a "real" restaurant.  Usually they'll have booze too, unlike fast food.

Essentially, where a middle class family goes to eat reasonably nice without crushing their finances when they're tired of subs and pizza.

Edit: spelling
Presumably, these twice-as-large people would have evolved in that environment.
Enchantress is a biosub character.  They're sadly not available through these selectors.
She's not amazing, but she's fun.  If you work with her and invest, she can clear SL in the teens or early 20s.  Pretty sure she could beat DD with the right teammates and leadership, but I've never tried.  She's definitely not top of her class though, as much as I'd like her to be.  If NM ever fixes clones so they draw aggro again, she'll likely jump up bit.

Bear in mind, I've put *a lot* into mine, I've got the #6 Nico.
Second this.  Mantis is great, but if you don't have Hellstorm at 5\* for the Strange EQ, get him.
Her T2 greatly improves her survivability and if you like her, she can be made to be good.  Not great, but good.
Literally no one useful to use it on, as I have everyone that it can be used on at 6\* and 20 gears.

Probably use them for native T2 food.  Maybe stick one on Sigularity.
His name in the movies is Cull Obsidian, it's still Black Dwarf in the comics last I heard.  The Black Order is the Cull Obsidian.
I wouldn't say it's not widely watched, but yeah, he's probably not wrong. I misread that.
Well, he was one, but not anymore.  That whole Secret Empire thing kinda put the kibosh on that.

Unless he's back on again.  I read on Unlimited so I'm a bit behind.
Bennet is Daisy Johnson/Quake from Agents of SHIELD.  Which you should go watch.

Zachary Levi was Fandral and is going to be playing Shazam.

edit: Derp, misread that as "I have no idea".  Ignore this post.
Solid because they were blocks filled with spring-loaded gimmicks and voice boxes.  There were some good ones, but I can't get behind the love for the Unicron trilogy era, especially the Armada ones.
I think we're going to see a whole lot of them.  Maybe spread over two updates, or the main with a smaller follow-up like how CW worked.  I wouldn't be at all surprised to see some type of package deal this time too, much like AoU had.  Trying to avoid spoilers.

* Thanos (IW no-armor, with the armored version in the future)
* Proxima
* Corvus
* E. Maw
* Black Dwarf/Cull Obsidian
* Captain America (Nomad, IW version)
* Black Widow (Blonde)
* Iron Man (Bleeding Edge, IW version)
* Spider-Man (Iron Spider, IW version)
* Scarlet Witch (IW or *any* movie version)
* Thor (IW with spoilers)
* Hulkbuster (IW version, probably for the separate character in-game, not for the spoiler)
* Groot (teen, blast type)

Really though, aside from the Guardians and Doctor Strange, just about everyone has a new look to use.

There's a few outside chances that could tie-in, but they're unlikely

* Hawkeye, he's in IW, but I think they'll save him for A4 for a new uniform.
* Quicksilver, great time to bring in his AoU uniform if they ever plan to.
* Mantis, she's got the same look, but a comics version would be cool.  It'd be a good time.  Maybe the post-Annihilation blue uniform/green skin version.
* Same for the rest of the Guardians, get some classic uniforms in.  Blue uniforms for Star-Lord, and Rocket, Gamora's armored space suit, Drax's Annihilation version with saxophone

As for ones I actually want: Proxima, Iron Spider, Hulkbuster, and Black Widow are up there and almost a sure thing.
Get the Dyson researcher uniform.  Make it white-colored and you'll have a very good lab-coat style uniform.
Skinny cap was a body double, which was composited with Cap's head.  Plenty are full cg.  I think they'd be capable of faking extra muscle tone on Bree Larson one way orr another, if need be,
No, I don't think she is.  That's the only issue I've had with her being cast.

CGI or a strong workout schedule could fix that though.
I do agree, but there is something to consider.  Given that comics-Carol is usually shown as nearly as ripped as the men in the Marvel Universe, they could do such a scene and have it come off empowering.

They won't, of course, but I'm just saying that a topless woman wouldn't *have* to be vulnerable.
There's STO r34 out there.  Including at least one piece not unlike the misreading in question, just swapping Kuumaarke for Koren.

Not that I would have ever looked for such a thing.  \*cough*
Black Dwarf has no where to go but up.

I also expect Prox and Corvus' will be fairly minor, though still hopefully enough to make it worth it.
You don't have to put "NSFW" in the title to tag it, you can just tag it.
The pilot seat is on the cmdr tac seat.  That took runs a DHC/top hybrid build.  With TT CD officers, I still need 7 Tac powers (tt, klw, 2x csv, 2x apb, ts3).  That's both tac seats.  Then at least 2 eng powers,  so that requires using a uni there.  That leaves the lt cmdr uni for sci.

I'd have to totally change her build to fit a pilot ability in there, or really reduce my tac CD across the board.
.... well shit.  Now I have to get them.
Looks like he just pegged it into Slag's dino hip 5mm port
Sounds like they should be included.  They're in the token shops now though, so it's less of an issue with them anyway.
Not terribly surprised.  Though, I kind of expected the X-Men to be available, just not the premium ones.

I've got no one under 6\* except Angel, Colossus, and 4 of the bio-sub characters, so I'm just looking at a load of bios.  Luckily, I've still got several hungry native T2s.

The T2 selector is basically just turning into a fancy T2 ticket, I guess.  I've got a few that can go on.  Curious what would happen if you used it on someone already at T2.
If nothing else, that 256 bios is enough to get a big boost on a uniform, more than enough to T2 with materials, or a reasonable snack for a native T2.

This time, sure, but it's an ongoing issue.
I can't fit LT onto my T6 Kumari if I want to keep the build I have.  I'd have to ditch a whole science boff to do it, and that just sounds like a bad time.
Han, Leia, and Chewie go swinging them around (and not dying) in a comic from a couple years ago.  Sabine used the Darksaber (as did a lot of other Mandalorians).

Kanan explains it that attuning to the saber makes it easier to use, like it's an extension of your body.  The Jedi that builds it does this with the kyber crystal, but after that anyone, even non-force sensitives can wield it.  They can even attune to it with enough practice.

Also, Anakin and Obi-Wan straight-up use spare light sabers in Ep2.
No, that's the first Red Hulk.  Robert Maverick is the one I'm talking about.

He basically *is* Ross, but Marvel said the writers couldn't use Ross, after they'd already gotten started.
Most recently Red Hulk is someone else, his name escapes me.  He's a member of the US Avengers.  You can most easily tell the difference  because he actually keeps his mustache while hulked out, and he's got star-spangled shorts.
Thanos.  It's just a glove.
I don't do it on mobile, but I do on desktop.  I won't start to justify it, but here's my line of logic.

* The Spotify-specific ads are annoying as fuck, being very loud and just plain stupid.
* On mobile, I can do those "watch this to get ad free for 30 minutes".  I'll put up with one ad to avoid them (and on mobile, if you decline, you're punished by getting more ads, back-to-back, right then).  On desktop, there's no such option.  
* On desktop, their ads will often cause my browser to *crawl*.
* The sheer level of annoying-ness from the ads has actually added to me not wanting to buy premium out of spite.

tl;dr: Annoying as shit ads, no way to "watch this and skip ads" on desktop.  Ads are so annoying, I don't want to give in to their ransom.

Edit: If they start blocking me because of it, no skin of my nose.
Probably, yes.  He likely wouldn't have before he removed his own reactor (unless he was using them for House Party Protocol), but now that he isn't carrying one around he's got to have them ready.

He also probably doesn't have a large number of suits ready for action like he did in IM3 anymore.  I'm thinking 10 as an upper bound.
Then I stand corrected.  I'd thought the instructions were just a narrative piece shown to us, but being told to Kira by Ryuk.

Seems like just destroying the instructions page would remove that complication though, unless of course there's a rule against that.
It's been years since I read or watched it, are the instructions printed in the Note itself?
So you're in custody and they find the Note.  They have a list of names, but there's no way to actually prove you killed them.  Unless they try the Note themselves, but "write name here, people just die" isn't a connection most people would make.
Exactly this, Logan is in its own timeline.
It was called Sicaro 2: Soldato, wasn't it?  The link was obvious, this is just a bad title.
The movie?  Batman: isn't part of the title, the movie is just The Dark Knight.
That works too
Rewrites/reshoots to work him in could work, but they won't base A4 around the idea entirely.  A5, sure, but 4's in the can.
No flour.  Just fry it in a pan with a generous layer of oil until the outside is crispy.  Essentially deep frying without the deep fryer.
I'd put zero stock in that rumor.  No way would Marvel/Disney plan around having Galactus in a movie until the deal is inked.  Even now, it's not a sure thing despite how we're all treating it (FTC has to approve it and such).
The 9 Realms don't include the whole universe, at least not in the MCU.
The Collector was after it too.  He found out the location and had the Ravagers go get it, and Quill just decided to cut the rest of them out.

How the Collector got the location, that's unknown.  He's older than the universe though, and has a lot of stuff.  That gives him time and resources to stumble onto the location.
Plus, after that first toon, reps aren't that tough to do.  There's plenty of Choice-of-marks content if you don't like *that* rep's content.  I think the main argument is that new rep means new queues, and it's hard enough getting current ones to pop in pugs.

I relish new reps though.  I've got 10 toons that can do reps, and 4 more on the way.  I dislike the hard grind, so I rely on "spike grinds" from rerolling throwaway toons.
John has his own tier.
The big spinny thing, yeah, but we don't know to what extent NYC will be affected.  I'd wager most of the NYC action in IW will be centered around the Sanctum Sanctorum.
Nox (I assume most emulators) lets you set timers to click a spot.  It may be technically against the TOS though, not really sure.  Not going to go into detail because again, might be against TOS and sub rules.

You could do it with Tasker too, but you may need root to create a click bot that way.
It's been for a while now, I believe.  But a reminder isn't a bad thing.
Guess I'm getting my T6 Kumari earlier than expected!
> the Avengers Tower appears in the background on the Netflix shows

Actually, it doesn't.  It's a big hangup a lot of people have.  Ultimately minor, but yeah.
Ellis was just starting his second term in Iron Man 3.  I'd have to check (I used the MCU wiki since I can't just go watch IM3 right now), but I'm pretty sure it's specifically mentioned.
They are, just that the movies don't generally pay attention to the shows.  Hopefully that changes some day, but probably not.

There's few instances of anything being direct contradictions.
Runaways is MCU, the "mutant shows" aren't as they're not produced by Marvel Studios.

That caveat you mention is still in play, of course, in that the movies generally ignore TV.
Colossus.  I'm waiting to see if the 6\* selector will work on him before I actually grab him.  Probably not, but it's only a few days.
That team up was a goddamn amazing storyline.  It brought some much-needed gravitas to Deadpool's life.
No they're not.  Any T5 or T6 C-store ship is more than capable of handling endgame content.  Even the free T5s are fine.  T6 will have more toys and its easier, of course.

Lockbox or not doesn't matter.  There's some really useful ship traits on some of them, sure, but they're not required.  A side-effect of STO's power creep means that at this point any competent build can complete the game, you don't have to adhere to the meta unless you're dps-chasing.
Lore-wise, the Ferengi actually run the lootbox program.  The second box was Ferengi themed too.

With a few exceptions, most of the ships in the boxes are alien race ships, and many of them were from alien-of-the-week races, like the Benthans.  There's exceptions, like the T6 Constitution or the Discovery ships though.  That said, if you're willing to put in the grind, you can buy it with EC.
There's an Ambassador for free in the mid-game (from the mission Temporal Ambassador), but it's not suitable for endgame use.  And if you're playing during a bonus weekend (like this weekend), you'll probably have already outleveled it.

They did release a T5 version (endgame at the time, though T5 is still totally usable even now), but it was time-limited.  Fleets do have a fleet T5 version available, but it's not cheap (either in-game resources or real money are required to get it).

That said, ever since Tier 6 came out, we've seen re-releases of a lot of ships.  The Ambassador seems to be pretty heavily-requested so I think we'll see it eventually.  There's not a lot of Miracle Worker spec ships yet, and it seems like a shoe-in for that spec.

Almost every other major canon ship, and plenty of lesser ones, are available at endgame now.  [https://sto.gamepedia.com/Playable_starship](https://sto.gamepedia.com/Playable_starship).  Most tier 6s require money though, but there are 3 ships a year (winter, summer, anniversary) which are free after a minor grind during an event.  You can also earn zen, the cash shop currency, by trading dilithium (the rate fluctuates).  Getting a ship pack that way can be daunting, but it's possible, especially if you have a wide array of characters.

Edit: Come over to r/sto if you have more questions.
Ground has improved a lot.  It's still not amazing, but it's not a slog.
It does still exist.  We see Bajoran Militia uniforms in Hathon, and we visit a Militia office during Of Bajor.

My headcanon is that member worlds have to provide their own policing, and many maintain home defense forces separate from Starfleet proper.  This explains ships like the Kumari.
My town's finally getting a Popeye's.

I already hate it.  The location they picked requires removing a side-entrance to the local mall, which let you bypass a red light and a couple of intersections.

I'm also on a diet, so fried chicken is a wash in general.
It's hard to say.

We know Obama was president (thanks to a comment in Runaways), but we don't know when.  Assuming nothing terrible happened to truncate his term, we can only assume he took office in 2005, presumably skipping his Senate term entirely and ending W's presidency a term early.

He was followed by Matthew Ellis.  Ellis was freshly re-elected to a second term starting in 2013.  This means Ellis was President up to Inauguration Day, 2017.

After that, we don't actually know.  We can only infer that Trump ran (due to the "alternative facts" comment), and the implication is that he won.  But we can't say for certain.  Given the Inhuman outbreak, there's certainly the right level of xenophobia for him to campaign similarly to now and get elected.
Assuming you're not using GUK or AM for anything else, like slowly grabbing Ultimates bios.
Good to know about the paint.  I've actually got two Jetfires, so I can experiment on the worse one first.

Great to see how well it turned out.  How long did you have to let the parts soak?
Hopefully after this season CW will stop treating Legends as an also-ran.  Maybe that will free up some more FX money.
Mxy isn't a god.
Of all the Captains, Brooks is probably the most accessible from a monetary standpoint (though that could still be out of reach).  He's not doing much acting-wise (at least on TV/film), and while I'm sure he's not hurting for money, he's not nearly as bankable a name as any of the others.

Not sure if he'd be willing to come back though.
It's no more a twist than you'd need to apply it to Tony either.  Tony's more of a futurist and engineer/inventor than a scientist.

It's like how the stereotypical "mad scientist" is usually an engineer.
It's not like it would really mess anything up to just rip out the ranks as they are now.  They're just flavor.  The only head-scratcher it would leave would be the Admiralty system, but whatever.
Dahar Master isn't even a military title though, so it's a bit odd.
I like DD's devil-horn yarmulke.

Really though, nice job 
That's not the update's theme, really.  It's just the event's theme.  The update's theme is "more X-men" and really looks like a prelude to adding some AvX stuff.
I just want the New 52 cape. The mantle style and gold edging look badass.
Adam Warlock popped up in mine today.

One of only 2 characters I don't have at all, and there he sat, taunting me.  I'm assuming all characters are in the VS list now.
That's trippy as hell, and manages to be somewhat relevant.
Bug Hunt is already our Starship Troopers mission.

That said, that rifle looks a bit like the Elite Fleet Phaser rifles if you ignore size.
What would be awesome is if upon hitting 65, we could "respec" our ships to change out the spec seating, and/or maybe if switch it to a different officer.  Likely with a C-store purchase, but I'm OK with that, so long as we can switch as much as we want after that.
I'm 99% certain the earlier reference was to comics specifically.
Usually limited to MMOs, but it creeps into other genres on occasion.
Except for some of the paywalls, yeah. I'm not sure it can be used on them, but we'll see.  If it can, that's awesome.
Supergirl got namedropped before, as a comic book character.  Stands to reason DC comics exists in the Black Lighting universe. 

Doesn't mean it can't crossover, but it will make for some curious interactions if it does.
Cyke was insta-buy.  I've been waiting on this uni, and I skipped AoA due to it being ugly.

Wolverine, I'm on the fence over.  It's not my favorite design by a long shot, but seeing it in-game, it's not so bad.  If it were a cheaper uni, I'd jump, but at 1050, I'm not sure.  Especially as I expect Wolverine will have a steady supply of unis.
The AoA unis are ugly as shit though, so I'm happy to have this Cyclops one.  Still on the fence on Wolverine.
Sort of wish I'd seen this before buying the X-Gene selector and blowing a 6\* MRUT on Magik.  She probably won't be included though so yeah.

Too bad these 6\* selectors will have an expiration, I've got everyone, save a few paywalls, at 6\*, and it's unlikely they'll be on these.  I can't even use them for bios, as the only non-paywall non-ultimate I have left not at 20 gears is Kaecillius.

But hey, it's still something and my situation is hardly average.
Hey, thanks for the spoilers in the title!
> TWO FUCKING RACES IN THE ENTIRE GALAXY?

In the sole cluster you're in, not the entire galaxy.
> They listen to what we (Redditors) say.

No.  No no no no no.  Listening too much to "fans" is what ruined Arrow.

Using fan reactions and forums, like this one, as a meter stick to see what's working is good.  But taking it as gospel is bad.  I've got little doubt that Constantine appearing a second time, or random Beebo references were planned before Reddit glommed onto them.
He means that the world would be united under one regime.  Extending it, it could also mean that without Hydra, the world would fall to anarchy and chaos, and there would be no flags.  Basically making him right either way (in his view).
Carol's power level varies in the comics.  She's usually best likened to a Superman-type character, with added energy absorption and less of the minor powers (like super senses).

In the comics, on average Hulk is probably stronger than her, and Strange (before Last Days of Magic) was frankly broken tier.  Wanda wasn't "House of M" strength most of the time, that was a power boost, IIRC.  Still, she's a reality warper.

On an average day, any of them could fight Carol and probably win, especially Hulk.  But if Strange or Wanda are throwing around energy, or Carol's already absorbed a bunch, that's when she's at her peak.  Assuming they don't get esoteric, a powered-up Carol could beat them easily.  Their attacks, again assuming we're not dealing with straight-up reality warping would be absorbed by her and just make her stronger.

If Carol absorbs enough, she can tap into her [Binary form](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/marveldatabase/images/d/db/Avengers_Vol_5_19_Textless.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20130606175907), in which she was able to channel the power of a "white hole", which is essentially the opposite of a black hole, a negative singularity.  During the Builder War, she did that and wiped out a large portion of the Builder fleet, IIRC.

At her weakest, she should be at least on par with Vision (flight, durability, energy projection), but it's not hard to scale her up to ridiculous levels for the MCU, even without Binary.  Seeing as how most heroes are under-powered compared to the comics, it's even less of a stretch.
I think its generally shown as not being connected at all, it's just awkwardly drawn on that cover.
I want her second ANAD Wolverine outfit, the silver-and-black one.  Not the X-Force one, but the one with the jacket.
The ship would have just been destroyed on impact.

You could drop an aircraft carrier from that height and it would have zero effect beyond a very local area.
Leia wasn't as bad as Tarking, but it is subjective, I guess.  The uncanny valley smacked me around like a dead fish with Tarkin.  It felt like I was looking at a video game character.

IMO, it would have just been better to have the guy that was on set standing in actually be Tarkin for the movie.  Leia could have just been left out, or filmed from the back only.
> Leia/Tarkin looked TERRIBLE

They did look terrible.  The CGI was impressive, but this is more an issue of "should they have even done it?"

> Uncanny Vallet

The guy that parks your car at the Xavier Institute?
Pretty much this.  If you like Emma, get her.  Otherwise, hold out and see.

I'm going to get Cyclops's uni and maybe Wolverine's, and I'll still have a load of crystals for IW.  Not planning to get Emma at this time.
Damn, good week for DLC.  2/3 for the season pass too.
Mine had the hip issue and the door issue, but both weren't hard to fix.  They shouldn't be there, but it wasn't the worst thing.  My legs stay together fine though, so that's weird.
She's not in the X-Gene sub, and no other method is mentioned, so how are we going to get her to T2?
Christ that's ugly.  Not as bad as AoA, but Wolverine's got dozens of possibilities, and that's what we get?
Mine had peeling paint.  I like to say it was gunmetal and that two-tone.
Was it?  Because his character is meant to stand in for most of the supporting cast from the game.  And he manages to do even less than they did.

I loved the Tomb Raider reboot game.  This movie was a shell of it.
I've always referred to my dozens and dozens of doffs in my mailbox as being "in the pattern buffer"

I really need to clean them out, but I don't have enough space to unpack them all and grind them down for doffcrete.
As long as they're not bound, you can just drag doffs into the mail attachment slots.
Facial hair (including eyebrows) can be a different color than scalp hair, even without dye.
MY BODY ISN'T READY
Oh damn.  Here I was getting excited for this week. :(
While it's not MCU, I think Logan deserves a mention here too.
And Third Eye Blind's version of the theme song.
This Thursday on CW.
Family Medical Leave Act

It's federally-mandated sick leave, specifically for you or caring for your family.  Usually you need prior approval, most places require you to use your normal sick days first, and it's usually unpaid.  I believe, as the guy you responded to said, it's typically reserved for things that are supposed to take a while.  It's essentially last-resort sick days so you don't get fired.
Pining for the days of San Francisco Rush?
Eh, I dislike the city area in FH3.  I want to be able to point my car in a straight line and go.
"Skye" doesn't exist in the comics, until the reveal that her father was Mr. Hyde, no one really knew.  Maybe some lucky guesses, but there was not concrete evidence.
As I said, that single-wrapped mostly oil shit isn't cheese.
SEPTA bus, it's in Philadelphia.
Just a regular day in Philly.
Fairly sure PA test the e-brake.

That said, it can fail.  I had a co-worker who came out to see her car across the parking lot and in the grass one time because her e-brake failed.  No one was hurt, no damage, but it was a nice little reminder.
'83 Pontiac 6000 LE, '88 Chevy Beretta GT, '92 Chevy Beretta (base model), '03 Pontiac Grand Am GT

I loved the shit out of my 88 Beretta (only stopped driving it due to being t-boned), but the Grand Am is the best car I've owned.  She's only needed one major fix (torque converter went around 5 years ago, around 120k miles IIRC), but that's it.  She's at 210k miles and starting to show her age though (lots of little issues cropping up), probably replacing her this year or next year.

The 6000 was a POS, but it was basically free.  The second Beretta I got due to liking the first, and it was cheap, but the transmission went out within 20k miles of owning it.
I still recommend the Takara one over the Hasbro one if you can afford it.  It's just a better figure/set overall.

You can get upgraded hands and feet for $20 or $30, or get KO ones off eBay for half that if it's an issue.
Not drinking heavily in the first place works well for me.
I've got Takara Computron, and I love him.  I only wish he had an orange Afterburner.

You'll probably want upgraded hands and feet too, since he only has the HFGs.
**SHATTER THE RAINBOW**
I suppose, but outside of Boar's Head and Sargento, I don't know any deli brands period.  It's just not something I pay attention to.  I'm the wrong person to ask for brand recommendations for this sort of thing.
No, it's just a common misconception.  I assume we don't export a lot of it, since the common perception is the Kraft singles are typical American cheese and thus no one wants it.
I couldn't tell you, really.  I don't pay much attention to brand.  Just buy from the deli case, not anything with single slice packaging.
Yeah, that's why I said *some* of the gems.

Strange will presumably reclaim the Time gem, Thor will probably take one, the Guardians will likely take one, whatever's left, plus the gauntlet, will go with Cap.

We don't have enough people to really do an Illuminati, IMO.  And the FF being *introduced* that way would be weird (also highly unlikely, giving timing both in and out of universe).  The Avengers aren't going to hand a gem over to a dude they just met.
I have a feeling if Cap doesn't die, we'll see him go into exile to hide the gems.  Thanos is defeated, Cap passes the shield on and takes the gauntlet and some of the gems into space.

Sort of like how Bucky passed the shield back to Cap after Original Sin by taking on the Watcher on the Wall role from Fury.
That said, she's *not* aware her version of "our world" is a comic book.
Fairly sure it wasn't that much during Food & Wine, but that may have been a smaller portion.
It's not my favorite, but American cheese is fine.  Taste is subjective, I can't stand any cheese with blue crap in it, for instance.

I won't deny that American cheese is processed (it is, but the "scraps" part is wrong), but it doesn't change that Kraft singles, which can't legally be called American cheese, aren't, you know, American cheese.
Don't you dare sully actual good American cheese by calling Kraft Singles by that name.

That said, I agree that it doesn't belong with sushi.
Off the top of my head, as I haven't watched in a while (and my Hulu sub is turned off): 

* The oldest flashbacks are from before the kids, or at least Alex, were born.  Things like Geoffrey in, and leaving, prison.  That's at least 17 years ago.
* When Molly's parents died, I figure should be around 9-10 years prior.
* The flashbacks to when Nico's sister died should be stated.  I believe it's around 5-7 years prior.  Like I said though, this one I believe is outright stated.

There's more stuff, of course, but those are the major ones and can probably help you get a ballpark for anything else.
It's more grey than that.  The public at large branded Cyclops as a mutant terrorist during that period, but it's not like he'd gone full Magneto.  Ironically, Magneto was with him and not going full-Magneto either.
Hell yeah.  I skipped on the AoA because it's 1. Ugly, and 2. I figured we'd get this one eventually.
New Cyclops uni, incoming!
It's better that way.
There should just be an "everyone" option.
That's the UK release.  It's a minor thing, but some people may just prefer to get the official release for their country.

The US packaging is nicer too.  Green-heavy on the UK is an odd choice IMO, and the US packaging is more-compact.
They wanted to pare them down a bit.  Adding 3 minibosses is a lot as-is.
Did you see the stinger at the end of Ragnarok?
When I voted for Obama or Sanders, its because I genuinely believed they'd do a good job.  When I voted for Hillary, it was because Trump seemed like a lunatic.

And therein lies the problem.  When your campaign is centered around "the other guy sucks", you look petty and that will put off voters, especially those in the "both parties are the same" camp.

I'm sure her gender had some effect, but I'd be shocked if it was a huge factor.
Well, then I guess I'll just uninstall Arc again.
By "play" you mean download and start them, then yes.
OK, Regal, now put the IMAX version up on the rewards site so I can finally spend all these damn points and get the box office clerks to stop asking me if I want a free ticket.

This is going to look great hanging behind my desk.
Only using Vesta parts, or the Rademaker (forcefield bubble) or Brigid (probably issues with the mission pod) hulls.  If you're not using those, you're good.
That's pretty much it.  Rademaker's license to Cryptic didn't include merchandise, and there may be some kind of 3-way rights issue with CBS involved too.
And one lone Jem'hadar in the back of the group, tapping his foot very subtly and softly.
Ain't no party like a Jem'hadar party, cause PARTY IS LIFE
If that was the case, then you'd be able to wear swimwear on ESD.

I'm fairly confident this is just a switch in the costume category or the map as to whether or not they're allowed.

Now Quark's in particular, that's just part of the DS9 map.  What goes on DS9 goes in Quark's and vice-versa.
Whew lads, that's some expensive stuff.

What size are these?  Like that Odyssey pictured, how big is it?
Holy apples-to-oranges, Batman.  You're comparing a KO to a legit product?  GTFO.

For a proper comparison, you'd have to compare the actual Feral Rex (and that's, what, $300?  I don't know) to the Hasbro one.  The KO is just backwards engineering existing molds and enlarging them.  Enlarging them isn't trivial, but hardly comparable to designing a whole new set of molds.

And if Hasbro died, the line would die too.  Someone may come in and snag it, but who knows what that might mean.

Finally, insulting nicknames will never, *ever* do anything but make you look immature.  Poor grammar and spelling doesn't help either.
Legends got the crappy season out of the way in season 1.
Funi can't really dictate Goku's appearances, but you know what, I think I'd like to see him in Smash.
Besides lag issues, there were some bugs that allowed users to aggro NPCs in social zones, or make them move around.
Handicap stalls in bathrooms and showers are for anyone, they're just earmarked for handicapped.  If you can be reasonably sure no one's going to show up to use them, use them.
Doesn't change much for the people currently in 18.  18 becomes 14, and loses a part of Westmooreland county and gains Fayette county.

Fayette switches to a Dem, and that part of Westmooreland goes Rebup again.  Seeing as how they voted so heavily for Saccone, that's probably not a huge issue.

Overall, it'll probably have little effect for the future on this area politically.  Depending on how Fayette leans, it could push the new 14 more to the Dem side, or back to the Reublican side in the next election.
Once you add more, you find uses for them.

I used to run 3 at my previous job.  I utilized them all well.  I had a 4th, but it was mostly for use with setting up new PCs, I didn't usually add it to my main desktop.

I'm considering adding a third to what I have at my current one too.
Pretty sure the only Inhumans that we know signed the Accords were Daisy and Yo-Yo, since they're SHIELD agents.

The Inhuman tracking program was a separate thing that SHIELD was doing.
I got the Optimus version of that, and wow.  The figure was great from the get-go, but it's like having a whole new toy.

"Alisa" is the name of Brian Michael Bendis' wife.  She's named after her.  It's just a happy coincidence that it works out as an anagram.

In a sense, the real world Alisa *is* Jessica's mother.
Sorry, I was too brief.  I meant the protomatter part is very Trek, that's the only part I meant.

And while I like how STO did it (as a game), the Iconian angle is a bit much.
That's common for any kind of ensemble promo art.  Look at any TV show that's had promos featuring individual characters, and then a cast shot.

Unless they're posing together in the cast shot, they're just photoshopped together.
It is.  Its just not well-known.
I'm expecting it to be an enhanced port, so aside from the Inklings and maybe the DLC characters, not much different than the WiiU one.

* That said, I'd like to see a story mode come back.  Brawl's story mode wasn't perfect, but at least it existed.
* More customization.  Not full-on Soul Calibur-esque or anything, but even just a color picker would be nice, instead of pre-baked color palettes.
Already have them.  I've had that preset since they were The Peak.
This sub has an automod rule that marks posts NSFW if there's swearing.  I think it counts comments too, but it may be a Scunthorpe issue somewhere in the post.
I really hope they bring this one back.
Those two are both owned by Cumulus.  That's just a thing that happens sometimes.  According to what I read, they're doing it to reduce coverage overlap with I-105 and to give Hot better reach.
He's there.  He's just very small.
It can be seen as a possible future, like the bleak DoFP future.  It won't be *the* future of it though, since it would severely limit storytelling possibilities.
Joined Trill is nice, but nothing amazing on the Fed side.  Plus, it's not like you can convert a normal Trill to a Joined one.

However, if you want a KDF Trill, you need them.  I bought it solely for that.
You're telling me Trish is going to have a cameo in Infinity War?
If you saw last week's Arrow, apparently Thea has a new apartment with a bedroom identical to the loft too.

CW really needs more apartment sets.
Can we no longer browse our saved music at all?  Only playlists?

If they removed that entirely, I'm going to be switching.  Again.  I went to Spotify because I wanted a controlled library (which Pandora didn't do) and access to more than what I uploaded (which GPM doesn't do for free).

Am I just going to have to go back to using my already-owned music?
It's hard to find a new home without a HOA, from what I understand.

And there's little preventing the HOA from passing new regulations after it's established.  So having a lime green house might be fine one day, then a month after you do it, the HOA decides its not and you have to repaint.
You're not wrong, but it's also the closest thing to canon we have and its a very Trek explanation.
Nukes aren't organic matter
Do the two quests under Veiled Secret.  You don't need the Magneto pack for those.  You'll want to get the Magneto pack eventually though.
Back in college, the nearby Dominoes had a deal where you got a medium pizza and 2 20oz sodas for $10.  I ate that way too much.

Then the next year, I moved to the dorm next door to the campus pizza place.  I ate way too many cheesesteak strombolis.  I'm still working off those pounds.
> (wish it was Ward but alas)

Or have them double-team him.

Hell, step it up a bit more.  Peterson, Ward, Tripp (credit to /u/whoiswillo), and Price all talking to him about how he's hallucinating.

Hit him with nostalgia, rage, guilt, and loss round-robin style.  When Deathlok comes in and takes out fake Peterson, Ward turns into Hive (instead of coming from nowhere), Tripp crumbles, and Price crumples.
You mean in OTL TV started as a by-wire system? To homes?  I've never heard that.

Anyway though, radio's the lynchpin here.  Television wouldn't have caught on without radio to start off the idea.

Sure, "radio lines" could be laid to distribute it, but now I think we've got a chicken-and-egg issue.  The content to popularize it won't be there, unless you piggy back it off of phones or electric wires, but in the early days that's not even possible.

"Radio" and TV to the home could happen, I just don't see it happening except *as* a function of computers and the Internet.  Which would likely occur later anyway due to the lack of space-based pursuits.

Now that I think about it, a lack of radar would mean a lack of MAD.  Assuming ICBMs could be fire-and-forget, first strike becomes the du jour policy for nuclear armament.  Going to add this bit to my first post.
TV wouldn't have happened on a large scale, thus VHS, DVD, and other home video formats wouldn't have either.  That would mean Youtube, Netflix, and others would be creating a whole new market instead of building off existing things.
I didn't know if maybe there was some kind of voting thing that you tried to link or something.  That's why I asked.
Technically, those two things aren't mutually exclusive.
What is this, a bracket for ants?

Seriously, it's tiny.  And what are we doing with it?
Because I misread X-Factor as X-Force.
The entire event is dead heroes and villains returning to torture the living to gather up emotional energy to release Nekron on the world of the living.

Kyle Rayner's fridged girlfriend returns.  In the fridge.  Which is horrifying and a bit hilarious.
FFDP's version is OK, but it bugs the hell out of me when covers change lyrics.  Six-gun to shotgun and hard rock to death punch.
Amazon doesn't have them included with Prime, you'd have to buy them.  Hulu just has them.
I refuse to watch TLK, but sometimes actors just want to take a silly role.  Not because it's a bill-payer (I'm sure Hopkins doesn't need those), but because it's a way to just relax and get paid doing it.

Plus, maybe he's a fan.  I hate what Bay's done with the franchise, but if someone called me up and asked me to act alongside Optimus Prime, I'd be all over it.
DotD filmed after TDW wrapped.  Eccleston wasn't in DotD due to friction with the BBC during his time as The Doctor.  Though, he did offer to come back, but with stipulations (mainly that he wanted a specific director), which the BBC did not bow to.

By all accounts, Eccleston liked being the Doctor, but didn't want to get typecast *and* had some major issues with the BBC while there, specifically how they treated the crew.  There's rumors that the BBC even blacklisted him after his departure due to the bad blood.

Real shame too, I would have loved to see him with Tennant and Smith.
I think it's an inevitability that BL will be shown to be on one of the Earths in the Arrowverse's multiverse, they're just giving it a season to stand on its own.

All we know for sure is it's not Earth-1, Earth-2, or Earth-38.  Could actually be Earth-3, which aside from a blimp seemed pretty normal.  Powers aren't new on BL's Earth, just rare.  That would be a fun way to do a crossover.  Have Jay show up to team up with BL, and then eventually they can pull him in for a big crossover.
If by Mick, you mean anyone that likes rock music, yeah.
"Wireless technology" encompasses a huge swath of things.  I'm going to assume visual signalling still works, at least.

So basically, things would change big time.  Remember before cell phones were mainstream (before pagers, even), where you'd have to actually be home to receive calls?  That would be your norm.  For everything.  Phones in general would remain much more important.

Radio doesn't exist.  If it's not wireless, there's no reason it gets off the ground.  You may have a call-in-for-music system (this was a short-lived thing in the 40s or so), but it's unlikely to go further for a long time.  Audio (and later video) communications still appear, but likely stay out of reach of the home for decades.  The music industry itself also likely doesn't get as big, since all music would be physical, no over-the-air.

No spacecraft.  Air travel stays a lot more primitive as there's no radar or communications.  No *satellites*.  No space race.  Computer technology in general is set back as there's no space race to help fuel it, and other technologies which were developed in or for space (like, say, velcro) are delayed or don't get created.

The Internet is still created, but much later, and the stage we're in now would be unrecognizable.  With the delay or lack of radio and television entertainment, media consumption is entirely a social activity at theaters or similar places.  This means Youtube, Netflix, and the like take longer to arrive if they ever do.  Social networking may be more prominent, and blogging definitely would be.  The Internet would stay in its academic roots longer.

The lack of satellites and aircraft also stunts the "world community" that we have these days by making inter-continental communications and travel more tedious and out of reach of regular people.  Until social media arrives on this timeline's internet, countries are totally shut off from each-other by oceans.  Conversely, this leads to a closer commune between neighboring countries, since the most viable cultural and trade partners are the ones next door.  You may see instances of smaller nations being absorbed into larger ones.

Depending on *why* wireless tech is impossible, there may also be a lack of microwave ovens, x-ray machines, radiation therapy, and other technologies that rely on the EM spectrum.

Edit: Something else I just though of, assuming ICBMs can be "fire and forget" this has some big implications.  In OTL, we've got MAD to prevent nuclear conflict.  If one country launches, they're glass, and possibly a lot of the rest of the planet.  Without radar, there's no way to know what's happening until it's too late.  This could lead to a first-strike policy, which means no cold war, which means even less advancements in computer technology and the Internet.
So, guess this means X-23's getting a uniform.

And it's time to build my X-Men materials back up.
Firestorm *can*, it's just difficult or he's got a mental block.  During ~~Darkest~~ Blackest Night, when Black Lantern Ronnie asserts control over the Matrix, he turns Gehenna (Jason's GF) to salt, with Jason riding shotgun.
I don't think he's 100% confirmed.
> Gameplay. Let's be honest, the Undine BZ is just the same gameplay in space

Huh.  It never occurred to me that the non-base parts of the Undine BZ are literally reskins of the Dyson BZ.
ResLab has Sci and Eng kits that include Motion Accelerator.  I run one on my main.  Not optimal, but I like having the on-demand speed boost.
I'm thinking they could introduce Adam Warlock in GotG3, and then have him go Magus to stop the big bad, as a lead-in for the next big crossover.
Luke moved up to Harlem after JJ season 1, as a way of putting some distance between them.

I believe the Alias office is in Hell's Kitchen, but a lot of the action outside of the office is in other areas.
Harlem isn't a borough (and I don't believe she's in Harlem).  Her borough would be all of Manhattan, which is pretty damned packed.  99 out of 1.6m isn't a big percentage.
It could have been added after STO was forked off.  It's appropriate to say STO was based on CO, but it's its own beast now.  I doubt it's a simple thing to migrate code over.

Plus, CO has (had?) the old school multiple bag system to start with, STO never had that.  So the inventory system was already overhauled at some point.
I was thinking the same thing.  Trek has used the double-breasted jacket before, why not flip it and do a throwback to that?
They'll be half that in a year when ThinkGeek marks them down.
The Stalkers is an issue that has really bothered me.  I honestly like the Atrox, but not enough to fly it over other ships anymore.  The Atrox also doesn't include any kind of console or special weapon other than the Stalkers.  If I could use the Stalkers it comes with on my Vesta, I'd feel less like I wasted that zen.
The whole time, I was just waiting for that other shoe to drop.
Whaaaaat surprise Deathlok

Edit: and again!
Jemmanator!
Carol's gone by Captain Marvel for a while now.  Kamala Khan took up the Ms. Marvel name.
A lot of these are stuff that isn't on Unlimited yet too.
Bayonetta is essentially a 2nd party Nintendo character now.  I doubt she'll be going anywhere at least
We can only hope this leads to Tony riding on Cap's shoulders and running Thanos through with a vibranium drill.
ST: Enterprise MACO t-shirt, that's a deep reference.
Holy title spoilers, Batman
Two possibilities. 

First one, we can conclude the sweep could be conducted in the field, it's just easier and more efficient to do it at a starbase.  Voyager could have stopped occasionally and used shuttles to perform the sweep.  They could then do it section by section so as to not have to evacuate the entire ship.

Second one, Voyager's warp drive is clearly not the same as the one that the Enteprise-D had.  We assume this is because of subspace damage reasons, but as a side-effect it could have avoided the baryon build-up entirely.
Depends on the show.  In Mystery, Inc, Shaggy's parents are loaded too.  They all are, actually, with Velma's probably being at the least.
Each toon can claim them, and even reclaim them.  Each toon can only have one of each commissioned, however.
If you still need Op too, just order the two-pack off BBTS.  They work out to $50 each, plus $5 shipping so there's only a small markup.

Though, $56 on Amazon, assuming free shipping isn't much worse.
Dare to Be Stupid
I'm a simple man, I see Stitch, I upvote.

I also see Oliver and Company, and I upvote.  Sadly, I can only upvote once.
Ah, right, I forgot that.

Just off the conversation with Elsa where she mentions that they should.
It could be.  I want it to be because I really like Jason Mamoa.  And Aquaman was one of the best parts of JL.

But the DCEU has let us down before.
Thor = Aquaman.

Aquaman is the next DCEU movie, and one of the JL members in the JL movie.  I'm guessing TDW was chosen either for maximum badness impact or because Aquaman won't be an origin story, so Thor 1 wouldn't fit.
They'd almost certainly add the newer reps to the marks boxes plus, you know, more marks for all of them.
I don't think she met Misty, she was just talking to Elsa about missing arms and brought Misty up.

I really do want to see the three of them team up.
I had to stuff mine with paper.  She's still a bit off-center, but I leave her head a little cocked so she looks like she's kind of giving a look.
It was called her Witcharm.  

It was still there in A-Force, and there's even a bonding moment with her and Elsa Bloodstone over missing arms.  I think the new series makes a mention of it, but nothing is said as far as what happened.  I'm an issue behind though, so I could be wrong.

I expect Nico just learned to hide it.  It's worth noting that her cameo in Dr. Strange and the Sorcerers Supreme doesn't show it either.
I don't believe he's specifically Kirayoshi's MU counterpart, since Kirayoshi wasn't around in DS9's mirror episodes.
Bonus marks will only work on ones that auto-open, from what I recall.
Unless I'm forgetting, yes.  It retroactively applies to all boxes.
Finally, I can open those hundred R&D boxes I've been sitting on.
FWIW, before the Cardie arc revamp Smiley's son was Emperor.
I haven't done this in... holy crap over 20 years, but I second it.  Kennedy Space Center is a cool experience.

Still kicking myself that I never got down there for a shuttle launch.
Keeping with current comic book shows:

Legends of Tomorrow for campy fun.

Agents of SHIELD would be my other suggestion.
Yeah.  I kept mine because the replacement wasn't going to be worth it.  I'd much rather have this thing as a display piece.
Not a ton.  Offhand, I think there's a C3P0/R2D2 story that takes place pre-ANH from one of the Tales collections.  I believe the Han Solo books predate PM too.
In a case like this, when you sign off on the package you're acknowledging that it's all good.
It gets memetic hate, really.  I like it, it was my first DF album.  I find Ultra Beatdown to be their worst.  I think I'd say Maximum Overload is my favorite.
That's the basic idea, yeah.  Up until that point though, it was just Luke, Leia, and Han that knew.  Then one of Leia's rivals finds out and outs her secret.
Eh, in informal usage, a Great-Aunt could just be called an Aunt.

That said, you can have pretty big gaps between siblings.  My father's youngest brother is only something like 5 years older than me (both parents are the same too).  They were 15 years apart, or so.

Hell, it's possible to have an aunt or uncle that's *younger* than you, it's just rare, and usually involves a remarriage.

That said, I've got no issue with a younger Aunt May.
Carmen Sandiego, obviously.
Supergirl's Earth.  She makes mention of a brooding vigilante that her cousin has worked with in the past at one point.  I think she might even mention said vigilante is from Gotham, but I can't recall for sure.
Batman doesn't necessarily exist on Earth 1.  The reference to Oracle is the *only* thing that really connects to him, but the lack of mention of the Bat himself makes it a stretch.

Batman is all-but confirmed for Earth-38 though.
I'd be fine if every episode gives us Neal McDonough in a new bad wig or silly hat.
Unless I'm thinking of the wrong thing, that was the Director's Guild, and it was a pretty petty thing.

SAG does more good than harm.  It prevents members from being taken advantage of, which helps the smaller members a lot.  There's some things I've seen where SAG has caused headaches, but in the end it's still a good thing overall.
It's almost got to be.  I love cilantro, so maybe Beverly contains some kind of anti-cilantro.
Not until we get Green Lantern.  Frankly speaking, as much as I like GL, I don't want the War of Light story to be told on Flash, Arrow, Supergirl, or Legends.  I'd want that to be set up and told on an actual GL show.  Probably as a crossover.

To do the War of Light, and particularly Blackest Night, right, you'd need a lot of set up.
And Saru in Star Trek Discovery.  I caught up on DSC the same week I saw Shape of Water, it was like a Doug Jones marathon.
With all the trucks and SUVs they've been releasing, one would hope.
It's actually generally very consistent.  

Any of the 3 packs (or 9-packs) with multiple variants, like the Vestas or Odysseys, are fleet-tier.  Since these aren't really variants, the Temporal pack is actually the odd-man out.
Time to pile on some more dil.
Seems like it.
That's a spicy Loki Meatball.  Unless you're really hard-up for CDR though, I don't think I'd replace any of them.  You'd likely lose a good bit of IgDef and Attack of some sort.
It is.  It's *really* big.  The Rides are usually less than that, and those are a Pop and a vehicle.

Regular Pops retail at $12.99 or so, but it's not hard to find them under $10, especially older ones.
What's the point of seeing a movie based on a comic book?  Who wants to waste time sitting in a theater?
Original Guardians are from the late 70s, IIRC.  Definitely not the 40s or 50s.
Both have their upsides.  I bought Takara since I prefer it overall, but I do like the orange Afterburner, and I prefer the car mold Hasbro used for Lightspeed (in spite of the lack of spoiler).  I like some of the details on Scattershot more on Hasbro too, particularly the blue bits on the outer chest area.

Hasbro also includes better hands and feet, whereas Takara has the crappy HFGs.
SHIELD's already perfected that technology.
Agents of SHIELD has Yoyo Rodriguez as one of the leads right now (and last season), as well as having her own spotlight webseries.  The character is Colombian, but the actress (Natalia Cordova-Buckley) is Mexican.
Aaaand now the theme song is running through my head.
Your son has good taste in robots *and* in starships.
People have said that since the trailer.  It doesn't have to be literal, and its not.  Its an easter egg and a metaphor.
Or Earth 1, therefore explaining why Supergirl and Superman aren't around on E1
I tried that last time I was at EPCOT.  I've never, ever, ever tasted something so vile meant for human consumption.
But Talim hasn't been announced yet.
LootCrate can be very hit-or-miss.  I'm subbed to the normal one, and I'm constantly debating if I want to keep it going.  One month, it'll be really underwhelming, other months it'll be amazing.  They're not as good as they once were though, and the price keeps going up.

I can't bring myself to sub to any of the fandom-specific ones, since I don't really feel like there's any one fandom I'd want a subscription of stuff from.  Trek is the one that's tempted me the most though.
I don't know, I just know that's why I hate it.  I don't particularly like the song, and it's always been a big thorn in my side.
Oye Mi Amor is severely under-tiered.  Drove me insane in RB3.
He's only OK.  The very last CHUG Screamer that I'd choose though.  Had I had eyes-on before buying him, I'd have skipped him, hoenstly.
It's the console that comes with the Bajoran Interceptor.  It was the anniversary ship.  You'll have to wait for it to come to the P-Box.

It gives a passive boost to Phaser damage, and a bunch of buffs on a clicky power.
The only unlockable hairstyle I know of is the Khan one.  Log in using the Arc launcher and you'll get it.  I think all others are unlocked by default.

It's been mentioned that making new hair styles is actually really intensive, so it's not something that happens much.
And patience pays off.  Time to gather up that 9600 zen for the T6 Kumari mega pack.
Did you have to do anything to open them?  I didn't realize they could do that.
Yes, and it's easy.  Don't take all the sidequests.

You rarely need them all.  Take a couple (plan them out by routes if you want) until you're bored of the area, then move on.  If you want to finish them later, return later.
I'd been hearing scuttlebutt (second-hand, granted) that it would be changed.  It also would, you know, make sense for it to be changed.

I should have said disappointing instead of concerning, really.
Still no changes to the DOMINO.  That's ~~concerning~~ disappointing.
X-23 is "My Little Blender"
It's not likely the driver here had the forethought to shut the car off as it was falling into the canal anyway.
Ship names in general are silly.
That's your ID, you probably shouldn't be giving that out.  Your IGN appears to be "ThaGlider" going off your screenshots.

You can make alternate accounts, but there's no easy way to switch and zero benefit unless you're really early-on and have made major missteps.
Embassy boffs can be customized, just with a more limited selection of uniforms.

As for why, it's a mix of technical and lore reasons.  Things may clip or look weird with an alien's sliders, or for canon reasons they want things like diplo boffs to look like they're "on-loan".
I believe the MS store services both Windows and XBox.  So its a wider audience than you may think.
I thought Two Princes was part of the season pass for a moment.  That would have made it break-even for me.  Oh well.

Still glad to have that one added, as I missed LRB.
Hell, I've got a tiny little dachshund.  It takes 2 people to do his nails without injury.

As for the product, I've tried it.  It requires a dog that's chill enough to sit there and let it get used.  That is not in a wiener dog's repertoire.
Because they had to fit Black Lightning in somewhere (it's in the original Legends timeslot), and there were supposedly production delays with Supergirl (may or may not be related to the Kreisberg debacle).

I'm more annoyed that I had to wait a couple extra weeks for Legends to come back.
We don't really.  I'll point again to the fighting game characters I mentioned.  You can choose costumes in most of them, and some even let you customize stats to a degree.  Nothing remotely close to an MMO.  It sets them apart.
[Comic accurate though](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/marveldatabase/images/6/67/Secret_War_Vol_1_4.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20100617033202).

She's had long and short hairstyles, so it's not like the current version is inaccurate either.
It is, and a lot of MMO players still do.  Doesn't make sense here though, as these characters aren't your own custom-designed ones like MMO characters.

Do you call NPCs toons?  Do you call Ryu or Megaman or Sagat toons?  No.  The "toon" nomenclature really should stat relegated to MMOs.
You can get SHIELD lanyard replicas on vault.lootcrate.com.  They're on sale right now for $1.60, so really cheap.  Nice quality.

I'd caution that Loot Vault has probably the worst order preparation I've ever seen.  It'll likely take a couple of *weeks* for your order to ship out.  But it's cheap, and (at least this specific one) exclusive to them unless you buy it second-hand.

Outside of a couple of Pops, that's all I've got.
They could, sure.  But they could also have Deadpool show up if they wanted.
FYI, you're better off saving those claims for dil weekends.  Split them among your toons and you'll get 4 runs per toon (queue up before the weekend).
Basically.  Though, sometimes it's "play this game we bought", like STO, Champions, or APB.

I've got enough HD space to just download them and open the launcher now and then though, so it's free zen once in a while for almost no work.  With STO I just made a junction to my steam install, so both Arc and Steam just go out of the same directory.
Nope, RTS is the one I mean.  Looks cool.
Thanks
We have no indication that she's *that* powerful in the MCU.  Honestly, we've not no reason to think she is.  Even in the normal MU she's usually not *that* powerful, she was amped up when House of M happened.
I have forgotten the face of my father.

Edit: Also, holy crap I just noticed how much jpeg is in that.  Never save as jpeg from the Windows Snipping Tool.
It's PWE's distribution platform.  I only use it to get Arc rewards, I usually just launch STO via Steam.
Which Animated Prime is that?  And where's that Laser Prime from up front from?
It can just conveniently not kill off anyone that's starring in the movie.  Or Thanos will only complete the gauntlet at the climax and a bunch of them will disappear for the cliffhanger.
Unless she's playing someone that will return for S3 (probably not), then this is a once-and-done thing, it's not like she'd be locked in for years.  

I don't see her returning to Supergirl, but not because of Punisher.

And before someone claims that it's because she's in a Marvel production, that's irrelevant.  Even on SG, Vasquez's actress (Briana Venskus) is also a minor character on Agents of SHIELD (Agent Piper).
I run M30s (and I've got a pair of M30xs coming).  For most people, they'll be fine and cheaper still.
Maybe if it opened in more theaters?  I know I'm in a small-ish city, but this wasn't playing at my theater.  Usually that's only a concern with more arthouse kind of films, but no sign of this last week.

We've still got The Greatest Showman showing though, so it's probably more just wonky priorities on the part of my theater.
Ah, but you see.  The lure of the gold star is the hook that brings you back.
Pffft, the Testarossa's been the best Ferrari since Miami Vice
38-40k isn't mediocre unless you're comparing to the cream of the crop.  That's still far and away better than 90%* of the player base.

^^^^*number ^^^^is ^^^^asspull
It just occurred to me, is the Bajoran shield's plasma outgassing proc affected by any plasma tac consoles?
Yeah, that too.  It's not strong enough to rely on, but it can mean the difference between a torp spread to hull or to shields.
It's a western/cowboy hat.  There's no real specific style beyond that that I'm aware of.  Looks like probably a teardrop crown, and felt of some sort.
The nice thing with Overwhelm Emitters is that it's a team heal, at least I'm pretty sure.  Anyone shooting the target gets the shield heal.

It's not huge, but it can help your team stay alive a bit longer.
Damn tempting.  All of Ript's tees today are tempting.

Alas, I'm really trying to cut back on my t-shirt order as of late.
Generally speaking, most characters should just have an Attack set.  Gwenpool is no exception.

If you're short on funds though, keep it and stock it with 3\* ISO until you can swap it out.
That particular mold is easily one of the best from CW.  That and the Rook mold are, IMO, the best as standalone bots.
Just did it myself.  i think it's US-only, so if you're in the US just look for the *season* purchase box.  It's easy to miss.
Ironically, the Jem'hadar shield looks amazing on the interceptor.
If you're trading dil for zen, wait for it to drop.  Occasionally we have weekend events that will drive the price down, most typically during Phoenix Box events.  Upgrade events tend to push it down as well.
To add to that, your best use for Lobi, if you have it, is the gear.  It's character-bound, so Lobi is the *only* way to get it.  There's some really good ground gear in the store for a reasonable price.  Good space gear too, but a lot more pricey.
Doesn't work for account-bound items, but otherwise yeah.

There is a limit to how many items can be in your mail too.  I've got dozens of doffs in mine, so I have issues with it on occasion.  I really need to just sit down and do something with all these doffs.
Waiting for another sale also gives you time to farm dil.  And we'll likely have a Phoenix event between then and now, which will see the conversion rate become very favorable.

Essentially, with a bit of luck, you'll be able to offset the 9,600 zen cost with some in-game farming.  Maybe not all of it, but possible a good chunk.

Right now, 9,600 zen is something like 2.68m dil.  If it drops to 200, that's 1.92m dil.  That's still a *lot* of dil, but even if you can only pull off half of that it'll do a lot to offset the cost.
So what I get out of this is they were recording dialog for The Sims as a side project.
It never occurred to me to use the Energon weapons like that, great idea.

I've got LK Leader Megatron's sword on Grimlock.  It's a bit oversized, so it's not anything close to show accurate, but it looks good for him.
Y'all need Jesus
> Doing everything in one day would not be the most efficient method, since you'd run out of free energy, but if that worked for you, it would be your choice.

This is why, at least for the energy-using stuff.  If you could blow your wad in a day or two, you'd have less incentive to play the rest of the week.

It's similar for the non-energy stuff too.  They *want* players to log in every day.  It bolsters the numbers and gives more chances to hook a player into spending.

Your ideas are sound, but NM won't do them as it runs counter to their business model.
I don't have a Pro controller, but if it just plugs into the dock to charge, then a plain USB -> USB C cable should work.
That can't be legit.  No effing way.
*Any* figure can look good on a shelf, if you pose it right.  As long as it can be posed, of course.

Ironically, that does remove a large portion of original G1 from contention.
I'm pretty sure that's just his ears.  That character wasn't a Vulcan.

Edit: Just double-checked Memory-Alpha, and he is human.  Also, not sure if it's a coincidence, but the article on Lt. Hawk was featured this month.
Drax (all of the guardians, really) needa an Annhilation uniform more than another MCU one.  Hopefully he can get his sax too
Annorax was an R&D box prize.  The older ones are in the P box, I think.  The newer, T6 ones aren't.  I believe they do still rerun those events, however.
That's pretty common with TVs.  The light is there to show that it's working, but it would be distracting to have it on while the TV is on.
AC also helps control humidity, regardless of temperature.  I routinely run mine in the winter with it on hot to keep my windows from re-fogging.
It predates PUBG by... I don't know, but I heard it as a kid, in the late 80s-early 90s.
The World Ends With You.  I had it on DS (still do, actually), but didn't get far.  I'd love to jump in on Switch with it.
There's a Foundry mission that does this.  Except your Mirror self keeps one step ahead of you so you never actually see them (or their ship).

I really do wish we'd get a real mission like that though.  The game can clearly clone the player's appearance (for the Shard or Photonic Decoy) and the ship (for any of a dozen powers).  Whether this can copy the player's equipment is another story.

I'd postulate it should be possible to then apply a Mirror uniform and maybe add a goatee if one isn't there already.  At that point, you've got an NPC to do with as you please.
I'm 90% sure I've dismissed an active shuttle before.  It only applies to the actually active ship that you'll beam up into.
[Actual pothole in Pennsylvania](https://s3.amazonaws.com/storage.filemobile.com/storage/14983919/15).

That particular sinkhole keeps coming back.  There's a restaurant in that town with a painting of a newspaper picture of a couple climbing out of it after falling in with their car.  A bar next to where it keeps opening is called the "Sinkhole Saloon"
Amazing.  (Almost) Every word of what you just said is wrong.

Nintendo doesn't have to approach Netflix.  Netflix just has to get a dev kit and get working.  Netflix is certainly approaching device manufacturers to get their app on things.  And the convenience of having Netflix on everything is a value add for Netflix.

Finally, if anyone's paying someone to host the app, it's Netflix paying Nintendo.  The app download would reside on Nintendo's servers, and if needed, traffic would route through their servers.
Assuming Netflix has even submitted it for approval.
Oddly enough, JJ is I think the only show Turk isn't in.  But there's a small chance she may be aware of him through her own career, or via Luke.
> I mean Accx2 and Dmg doesn't seem TOO bad

It kind of is.  Whether CrtH or Acc is worse is up for debate, but it's definitely not a mod you want these days.  Typically you want to go with CrtD or Dmg.  CrtD is *slightly* preferred for non-Tacs, and Dmg *slightly* preferred for Tacs, but in practice it's a very small difference.
Hulk *is* garbage without the Ragnarok uni.  Even his other unis aren't so great.

Thor isn't great without a uni, but with Unworthy he's workable.  The Ragnarok one is much better, but not so much that I'd jump on it.  Though, it's worth pointing out that getting it to epic gives a really nice card.
Even late game, you're going to be starving for GUK if you're attempting to raise everyone to 20 gears.  I haven't held a balance of over 1500 in months, since every time new characters release I have to blow a ton on them.

The Bio processor needs them too, so if you want Ultimates or X-23, you're going to be spending a lot there.
I really don't know.  If you use the app, you can see your earn/spend history.  Maybe your theater has been applying them without asking or something?

If they started expiring now, I'd have lot a ton of points myself.
The Annorax isn't an event ship anyway, everyone's got to deal with that being a character unlock.
They only just implemented that, no points should have expired as of now.  They'll start expiring January 1, 2019.

It does put a kibosh on it going forward though.  The only way to get things like IMAX posters now will be if you're going multiple times a week, or have multiple people.
One of the supporting actors (I forget who), who is Asian, had tried to get the Iron Fist role.  After he didn't get it, he stirred up shit about Marvel not wanting to cast an Asian actor for a martial arts series' lead.  Some of that sentiment had been going around anyway, but he made it bigger.  That it came not long after the controversy of casting a white woman as the Ancient One (usually an old Asian guy) definitely didn't help.

This lead to some parts of the media questioning the decision to not cast an Asian, as though Marvel specifically snubbed Asians because racism.  Never mind that Danny being white and a fish-out-of-water is part of his background.  They've cast cross-gender (Hogarth) and cross-race (Heimdall) before though, and both (Ancient One), so it's a bit silly to play the racism card.

I'm sure Marvel preferred a white guy for the role, they do seem to try and maintain physical similarities in most cases.  If they decided on an Asian lead for the role, they could have made it work, but they opted to stick to the source material.
Event ships are still available (P. box), just more annoying to get.
My theater doesn't have IMAX, I hate 3D, and I have Moviepass.  I'm on a diet, so no snacks save the occasional Coke Zero.  Merch is all I can spend on, really.  Once I realized that, I decided on making this poster my goal.

I do occasionally kick points toward the raffles, but that's a pittance.  Last thing I actually got was a mini tin Logan poster.
It just occurred to me, she's got kitten mittens.

Probably late to the party on that joke, but there it is.
I've got 80,000 points saved up on my Regal card.  The moment that poster is revealed, I'm heading over to the rewards site and refreshing until the IMAX poster is available.

Still not sure how I'm going to frame that behemoth, but I'll do it.  Then I'll be free of the box office clerks asking me if I want to use a free movie.
Talim, Amy, and Seong Mi-Na

SC5 wasn't kind to me.  I never got into the swing of *anyone* in 5, but I kinda mained Siggy and dabbled with Viola and ZWEI
No, no.  ZAAAAAAAAS !!!!
OK, so explain it to me.  I looked up the meme (which I'd never heard of), and saw the original vine.  I'm still confused as to why it happened, and why anyone found it amusing enough for it go memetic.
Yeah, but DC basically disowned her before she did much.  New 52 popped up like 8 months into her run and deleted her from the universe.  They'll never do a movie of her version.
I just assume that, actors notwithstanding, Supergirl is a sequel to Lois and Clark.  Works most of the time.
I wasn't prepared
CW also had Armada Megatron.  Granted, that was an easy mold re-use, but he was there.  Generations had Armada Starscream too, and I believe Armada Hot Shot got a Generations toy.

So they're definitely willing to "shop around" as it were.
I once got my D'deridex up to 90 turn while cloaked.  Just saying.  That was mostly boff powers though.

You forgot one very useful console for this build.  The Subspace Jumper.  You can just forego turning once in a while to get perfect position with it.
Nice find!

They had Optimus a day or two ago too, and looks like Rodimus as well. They're sold out now, however.  I may just bit the bullet and get them from BBTS at this point though.
People are scalping the cereal?  WTF?  My Wal-Mart had shelves full of them.  Might still have some, I haven't looked lately.
It's also, supposedly, going to be changed to affect at least dis and plasma too, if not just all types.  Just hasn't happened yet, annoyingly enough.
It's amazing if you're a metal fan.  I don't think $17.50 is a terrible price for it either, but if you don't need the physical bonuses, Steam routinely has it for $5 during sales.

I should mention though, that while the game starts as a 3rd person hack-and-slash with some driving, the core gameplay turns into this odd RTS kinda thing.
Sucks about the canopy.  Keep us updated.  My Jetfire's pretty yellow too, I'm curious how well this will work, I'd love to clean him up.

Are you using straight perioxide, or a gel like Retrobright?
The push was in the 80s, most of it's gone.  Used to be that burgers (from all the chains) would come in styrofoam containers.  Cups were foam.

McDs only really uses it for their largest drinks and the breakfast platters these days.
You're mis-informed.  The Mk XIII UR thing requires you to have a Temporal Recruit with 8 (I think) reps maxed.  Then every toon on your account can get that unlock.

If you don't have a Temporal Recruit, you can't make one anymore.  There's no signs of them returning (but it's not impossible).
You know, I was going to respond with "No one"

But now I really want Velvet as a guest.
Could have just been missed.  We'll have to wait until the patch drops to know for sure.

Also, your link is broken.  Not sure what you were trying to post there.
Huh, weird.  First I've heard of that.  Guess that means my temporal alt will be hanging around, if only to avert that issue.
Are you sure?  That's not how Delta Recruits work.  I deleted my Deltas ages ago and can still get the unlocks on new characters
I wouldn't mind Thea coming over to Legends.  She's being horribly underused on Arrow.
Do you have to send the entire system in?  My left one has occasional issues, even while connected.  I've been putting it off because I don't want to risk losing all my save data.
You can safely remove Delta Recruits, I no longer have mine.

I'm concerned about you mentioning it for Temporal though.  Mine's still hanging around and I had intended to delete here once her dil is all refined

Edit: Or did you mean you just can't create new Temporals?  That I know.
BP may go back on sale.  And most of the extra stuff requires you to also get Shuri and Kilmonger's unis.

Warlock at least is straight-forward.

I'd save your crystals though, IW is likely to have something you'll want to buy.
Keys aren't part of the sale anyway, so you're safe.

Still might have been the sacrifice that kicked this off.
I'd say it's borderline, but looks quite possible.  If they'd gone bigger on the eyeshadow, then definitely.
BMF has a ton of openings.  We're casual, perhaps too casual sometimes.  We've got no requirements except to keep logging in.  I kick people that are gone for a month or more. 

We're level 28 (nearly 29), level 6 store.  While donations are AC participation are greatly appreciated, they're not a requirement.  I'd love to have more active contributors though, so we can finally crack that level 29 alliance level.
New Horizons took 10 years to get there.  A manned mission would take longer (less acceleration as well as more distance), and probably be one-way.  Not short, but if a person really wanted to, it could be done.

Future advances in propulsion will probably make it a quicker trip, and that's not even considering Eezo drives that would have been put into use after finding the Prothean ruins on Mars.
If I get one, it would probably be Oria's D'deridex or Talia's Alita.  Both are kitbashes, and the D'd has the Dyson shield.  Or maybe an Atrox.

I expect the price will be well out of the range I'd be willing to pay though.

The 04 one was a legitimate attempt AFAIK, and it did fine, thus the sequel.
You can trade in the blu-ray if it matters.  If it's the same price, you're shooting yourself in the foot by not buying it.

I also just plain have an issue paying that much without having a physical item.  If Vudu were to shut down you just wasted that cash.
Still can't wrap my head around paying $20 for only the digital, when the Blu-ray combo pack is the same or a similar price.
Carmageddor TDR 2000.  I bought all the characters.  The game only has bought characters as NPC opponents.  I couldn't play anymore.
We've had wisps here before.  A friend of mine used to help run Wavecrazy, not sure if they're still around.  I think they shut down, but if you can find contact info they may be able to give some pointers.

As for whether I'd be a customer, I'd have to see prices.  And I'm on-contract now so I can't even consider it for a while.

Anyway though, good luck.  It's a hard market to get into, especially in an area like Lebanon where the population skews old, and therefore not usually tech savvy.  More competition is never a bad thing.  You've set some lofty goals, but I hope it pans out.
Experimental has a better chance of quality increase than superior, but costs most EC or dil/resources.  Phoenix will give you more TP and is free (but you have to buy P boxes).  Which one you want to use is up to you.  Personally, I just use Superior most of the time since I'd rather use Exp/Phoenix ones on rep gear.

Whether a booster is worth using is up to you.  I dont' have a stockpile of them, so I usually go without.

Also, you're best off waiting for an upgrade weekend if at all possible.
Nico is the OG summoner, she had it before anyone else.  That's why she's got it on her 4 skill instead of 5 like most summoners.

To get epic, your cheapest method still is, and probably always will be:

1. Craft Mk II.  If you get [pen] (or another crafting mod if you want them, pen's optimal though), then proceed to step 2.  Otherwise salvage it.
2. Use a superior, experimental, or phoenix upgrade on it.  If it goes gold before you have to apply another upgrade, then proceed to step 3.  Otherwise, salvage it.
3. Continue upgrading to Mk XIV.
4. Re-engineer any acc or crth mods, as well as the epic mod (you ideally want crtd/dm).  Don't re-eng until epic to save some resources.

AP still is just a tiny bit better with the base types (the ones you can craft), but ultimately it doesn't really matter which type you pick.
There is a Cancerverse, but it has nothing to do with Deadpool.
She wasn't on the show 50 years ago, it premiered then.  She was on in 1985.

Also, she was born in 63.  She's 54 years old.
You're not going to get a custom model at $40.  The base ones, maybe.

I'll be surprised if a painted custom one is under $80.
It's fanon
What makes it "limited edition?"  Just curious, nothing seems to be called out on the game's page.

I think this is an all-time low for this game regardless.
It doesn't take that long to naturally T2 an X-Men character, I'd advise against using it on them unless you're impatient.  Its flat-out a waste on Iron Fist.

Robbie's a solid choice.  If you're going to use it on anyone right now, I'd use it on him.
My Biosub is drawing to a close, 6 days left.  Lucked out today and took Luna's final gear from 19 to 20 in one shot.  The T2 ticket from the login event dropped today, so I decided to toss that on her right away too.

6 days isn't much time to do much.  I've got Valk at 6\* and 15 gears and Enchantress at 6\* and 17 gears.  SM2099, KK, Ironheart, Kilmonger, and Quasar are sitting at 1\* until I decide to put a MRUT on them.

Who should I put that last 6 days to?  Its unlikely that I'll finish out anyone's gear, save for RNGesus deeming me blessed, so just trying to figure out the best bang for my buck with what remains.
Dormammu, I've come to bargain 

Option B
Same.  I only bought an upgrade for Prime in CW, but I think Volcanicus needs it.  Might skip the hands and feet, since the Hasbro ones are better than CW though.
I miss the FM2 soundtrack so much.

FM5 or 6, I forget, had that weird fake-epic soundtrack.  It annoyed me to no end.
Apologies, I missed that part of your post.
> One is a consumable that if enjoyed responsibly (within the laws) adds joy, laughter and fun and the other if enjoyed responsibly (within the laws) will promote confidence, independence and also fun!

Range or game shooting can do all of that too.

Edit: Whoops, missed a key part of that post.
There's still life for those.  Save them for new alts.  But you're right, I didn't consider that they wouldn't already be Mk XI or better.
Damned NCIS New Orleans.  If that wasn't doing well, he'd probably be cheaper.

It's kind of annoying that the Captains are probably the most expensive actors from their shows.  Shatner and Stewart are almost-certainly the most expensive overall, Mulgrew and Bakula have successful projects right now.  Jason Isaacs is apparently everywhere.  Brooks is the only one who appears to be not active in TV or film ATM.

Of course, we all assumed Jeri Ryan would be beyond the reach of STO, and I can't imagine LeVar Burton was cheap either. So I wouldn't say we can rule anyone out, other than Shatner, completely.
BoPs are 3 decks and available for the Vo'quv.
It's not out of the realm of possibility, as there's already precedence.  BoPs are full ships, but the Vo'quv has them.  The Bug ship is another example, and I think there's at least one more.  Similarly, the Aquarius and the Bortasqu's console pets are also available as full ships.
Your tone's a bit harsh, but I agree.  Get it to gold *while* upgrading, or don't bother trying to gild it.  Nothing wrong with using the failed golds while you work on others, but don't try to keep upgrading them.
Its bad form to talk loudly on your phone (or at all), but we have quiet cars for when you want absolute silence.  But no one in the US is going to report you for talking on the phone.
Scientific inquisition, actually.

It was called "The Last Days of Magic" for anyone that wants to read up on it.
That's because it's the same market.  Plane enthusiasts vs. train enthusiasts.

Those sorts aren't likely to buy all of the planes or trains, they'll just buy the few specific ones they like or want to train on or something.
>  IANAL but I'm pretty sure evidence obtained illegally isn't going to be admissible.

Also NAL, but I *think* that only applies to law enforcement and agents thereof, and only in criminal suits.  You could be opening yourself up to criminal proceedings by using it though.
Most of these things are definitely not state-wide.
The article makes it seem like we all use it, and that's patently wrong.
Leaning heavily towards the uniform ticket.  T2 ticket's nice and all, but I've got like 75 T2s already and very few that I need (and can) use it on right now.  Plus, we get those monthly *and* we've got another coming in a few days from the login event.

Granted, I also don't have anything pressing to use that on, but I just think it's a better value.  320 bios + a boatload of norns, but annoying-to-farm UUKs.
> Playing against experts means they will expose every mistake you make

In person, yes.  Online it's just frustrating.  Joe Onlineplayerman can't give you feedback unless he's using an open mic (and you have him unmuted).

Matchmaking, as long as it favors matching you a bit harder than easier, is superior for general online play.
No.  No no no no no no.  It's been tried.

Let me tell you about Soul Calibur: Lost Swords.  It sucked.  Why?  Because f2p mechanics don't gel with fighting games.  It's been a while, so I'm sure I have some of the details wrong.

You start with, IIRC, 2 characters.  Siegfried or Sophitia.  Everyone else is locked behind difficult (and I mean difficult) challenges, or you can pay to speed it up.

I'm not great at fighting games, but in general, I can do it.  I'd never enter a tournament, but I'm not totally incapable.  In Lost Souls, I couldn't beat anything beyond the most basic stuff.

So now you've got a game that's brutally hard to advance in, with a mechanic to limit your gameplay (so no practice).  So you can pay for characters, but you're going to spend more than a full game if you want more than a couple characters.  Plus, since you started with 2, you're going to have to relearn any new characters.  And then there's RNG elements and such.

The story was barely there, and it didn't even fit into the SC storyline, as convoluted as it was.

SC:LS hit all the F2P points that we typically see in mobile.  An energy system, periodic limited events, RNG elements, and nearly-impossible "free" content (pushing you to buy things).  I didn't follow it for long, but the tail-end for that model only gets worse too.  That's not the right way to a fighting game.  

As a counterpoint, there's the XB1 Killer Instinct, which I believe is F2P with rotating free fighters or else its a cheap buy-in with a couple permanents and rotating free offerings.  That works.  I didn't play it myself, however.  At the end of the day, that one ended up being full game price for the full roster, so it's more akin to a demo than a typical F2P.

So, in the end, it *can* work, but only if its framed more as demo->full version unlock.

IMO, if you're afraid of fighting games, you're better off buying the 2 year old edition of that series and testing it out.  If you're not a great player there's no reason to stay on the latest version until you're comfortable.
I'm going to assume no.  Mallus is being set up as something you can't just punch.  I fully expect Constantine to be involved in the Legends finale, a heel-face turn from Nora, or some kind Carebear(er?) Stare from the totem bearers to defeat him.  In other words, something magic.
OP, put a blank line after "So we're missing" and get rid of the bullets, that will format your list properly.

Outback will almost certainly get a toy as a remold of Brawn.  Scorponok will come eventually.  There was a poll last year asking which Titan we wanted, Tryp won, but Scorpy was on there.  I'd be surprised if we don't get a Titan-class Scorponok in the near future.
Consider that to have it look right, you'd have to fit pretty tight tolerances for the arm and leg modes, and then create your robot and alt modes around that.

That's why CW reused molds so much.  Designing that type of mold is expensive.  You have to push out a lot to make it economical, and I doubt 3rd parties would sell enough to really do it.
Exactly what I was thinking.  Visually, it reminds me a lot of that little guy.

For $3 at the dollar store, he's nice.  That thing OP posted is an abomination.
The CW version seems to be more of a Mr. Myxzptlk (forgive the spelling) type of character.  Higher-dimensional being that can just do whatever he pleases.

DC magic tends to be obviously magic or blatantly stated.
I'd be shocked if they didn't have at least preliminary plans for everyone that was in that poll.
Screamer is a Voyager.  But I feel you just the same.  Haven't seen any PotP leaders yet.  Getting close to just ordering off BBTS amd eating the markup.
Not only that, but for his second-slot.  One of the more important slots.
On part 2 and 3, Kumaarke will get there with *plenty* of time.  I've never even paid attention to the torps there.

On part 1, you can miss them, and you get a cutscene for it, but the mission just goes on.
Free crystals.  I doubt many people are actively playing TL.
They actually have a couple of body styles.  The squatting, thick-legged body seems less common these days.

I've got a Widowmaker and a Chell that have bodies that pretty strongly resemble the Sharog above.  Same base height, they just make the torso smaller to account for the longer legs.  The entire body is slimmer too.  She'll likely include a stand to peg onto, if she's anything like the ones I mentioned.
Retail is, I believe $12 for them.  Usually you can get them cheaper if you wait.  I routinely see them for $5-$6 on Amazon through 3rd parties.  Limited edition ones, big ones, and Rides (like Coulson and Lola), of course, go for more.

Sharon is $10.99 on preorder at Amazon right now.
Then all of my DC and Star Trek and various other non-Disney-owned bobbleheads must be defective.
Anything Disney is a bobble.  Pretty sure nothing else is.
The uni was for a variant cover done by MFF's artist, it wasn't actually in the comics.  Same for the other MU uniforms (Elsa, KK, and Medusa)
I must have turned this on without thinking, as I don't recall ever being asked.
> which are the only thing that keep the Dderidex-class and its descendants usable given their general lack of maneuverability.

U wot m8?
My department has eroded the company dress code.  Technically, office workers are supposed to be business casual.  However, my department is in a repurposed factory office and we don't deal with customers face-to-face.  My first boss got management to realize requiring us to dress in BC was silly.  It got to the point where some of my co-workers would legitimately show up in pajamas.  

The office itself has moved closer to the main offices, so we've put the kibosh on that in particular, but I can still wear a t-shirt and jeans.
Unless something changed, you do need to own a character to buy uniforms for them.  So no Killmonger uni if you don't have a bio sub.
That doesn't mean it's *good* gameplay.  It's just standard.

There's one important difference too.  You're not transitioning maps to get to those, and you can often do them concurrently with other things.  STO instances every map, so with the old Exploration Clusters, you'd move into a cluster (map transition) and then go into an Exploration encounter (another transition).  That's to say nothing of getting to sector space and to the cluster.

So while Lord NPC von Questgiver might have you go mine for fish five times, you're probably experiencing no loading screens, and you can do that while farming mobs for another quest, or even just en route to a new place.

STO had Admiral Questgiver's wrapper, then you'd go to a cluster, scan a point and enter the specific encounter.  Meanwhile, you can't group that with anything else.  That's at least 2 loading screens to get into the encounter.  It makes little collect/scan quests more of a chore.
Heroes had more to do with the head of Gazillion being brought up on abuse charges, or something to that effect.
> Rey Palmer

[I make no apologies.](https://i.imgur.com/T2ODu8v.png)
Huh, I totally missed that that was going on.  I knew that was a thing a little while back, just didn't know there was another.  Damn, would have liked those extra BP.
I'm missing something, what's an Alliance Bonus Event?
Riverdale is on other streaming platforms (specifically, CW's, and probably Hulu).  Are they really slapping the Original tag on that?
I *think* that might have had funding from Netflix in the production stages.  I vaguely recall hearing that.
Have there even been that many?  Off-hand, I can only think of GitS, DB Evolution, and the upcoming Battle Angel Alita movie.  I guess the Tekken, DOA, and Street Fighter movies if you stretch a bit.
He said western
Maybe, but like a lot of End of Evangelion, it can be interpreted other ways.  I've always taken it to show that Shinji was infatuated with Asuka, but intimidated or too milquetoast to tell her.  That scene was him acting on those feelings, which he quickly realizes is really fucked up.
It's not an anthology, but you're right that it assumes the viewer knows the world already.

You could make it work though, but probably only on a series timescale.  First episode (or a flashback episode) could follow Shiro through officer school, and shed some light on his motivations.  That lets you establish the UC timeline and then move on to the meat.  The significance of "Gundam" could be elaborated on when Shiro arrives at the base, someone explaining what the term means and why they've got Gundams.
Seed's fine.  Seed Destiny was shit.  And that's still leagues better than AGE.
I haven't been paying attention lately, but I could have sworn the first week they're out, they usually have a discount.
Probably, but there's got to be some other way.  Like using the other half-dozen channels you've got to show things in full.  Or partner with other networks and split things up (easier said than done, I know).  Commercials are fine, but it's taken to a ridiculous degree.
Ah yeah, I forgot that.  That was a serious WTF.
Or any of their coverage, aside from making sure to have more commercials per hour than an average NFL game.  It's sickening.

Last night, I had it on.  They cut for commercial, came back to say that someone was coming up (about 30s), and went back to commercial.  Came back, did a little bio about him (30s-1m), and back to commercial.  When they came back again, I missed the run anyway.

At the same time, they were shaving off the first 30 seconds of every run.  Presumably to fit in more commercials.
Usually, ships come out with a discount immediately.
I was already pretty much sold on these because Kumari, but between that 25% damage and the GW trait, it's a no-brainer.
Beebo isn't a hero, he's a god. 
He still is.  He just didn't get to follow-through.
Toner pirates.  At my previous job, we'd get them pretty regularly.  We'd play pass-the-pirate or just put them on hold until they hung up.
In reality, a nebula would never be dense enough to truly matter, but sure.  Maybe.

Warp dynamics *is* the reason that fans have decided for the design (I don't think it's technically canon), at the end of the day there's still the question of why the Borg use cubes if that stuff really matters.

In reality, it's aesthetics.
We've got no clue.  Doomsayers say its approaching EOL, but there's nothing concrete.  Could be a year, could be five, could close after Infinity War.
It doesn't spell check notepad.  

My point was whoever made that sim or the simulator (more likely the latter) was some guy at Starfleet Command.  They made the error, not someone on Discovery.  Disco's computers aren't going to catch a spelling error that's hardcoded.
> He then rewards them with delicious (obviously the same as chain bought)frozen pizza. 

Chain pizza might not be the best, but it's far-and-away better than frozen stuff.  Definitely not the same thing.
I miss having a second freezer.  No room for one now.  Really not a great need for it, but it would be nice to say, go in on a part of a cow or pig and have meat for a year ready to go.
I'm in the US, and I still haven't seen wave 1 leaders.  I'm about a week away from just ordering the pair on BBTS.
That argument is kinda weak when you remember we have the Dauntless.  No reason the backup-Doctor couldn't have been picked up by Starfleet.

Now, would Starfleet *make* a Warship Voyager?  No.  But maybe someone else got a hold of the plans and made it.
We do know they built at least one, since Mirror, Mirror features the ISS Enterprise.  I guess it's *possible* that the ISS Enterprise is a renamed USS Defiant though.

The Empire probably built a couple of clones of the Defiant (while refitting the original), long before Discovery got there.

This ship, however, gives us no reason to assume it's not the original with an updated design.
The original Connie looks like a product of the 60s.  Aside from the split pylons, it looks like it fits as a descendant of what was established in Enterprise.  And Enterprise's ship design has always felt like a distant ancestor to TNG and later.  TOS has been the odd-man-out for a while now.

Putting a classic-styled Enterprise in that scene would have clashed horribly and looked *bad*.
Why nitpick that?  Then you have to question why ships are aerodynamic at all.  The Borg think cubes are fine, so it musn't make that much of a difference.
That's the only thing I didn't like about the Connie revamp in DSC.  

Which is weird, because on any other ship, I'd like it.  Just not on that ship.
We've met Checkov and Scotty.  No reason there can't be a way to meet Tilly or Stamets.
* Mirror uniforms
* Discovery's bridge.
* Character creation parts for Detmer's cybernetics or robot girl, whose name I'm forgetting
* Playable or bridge officer Kelpians
* Season finale Connie skin
* Lorca, Georgiou, Saru, Tilley, and Detmer for guest spots, plz.
Driving isn't a right, it's a privilege.  It's an enormous pain in the ass to lose it in the US, but that doesn't make it a *right*.
My grandfather has a camper and took out a mailbox on its maiden trip.

He's backed into my cars twice.  He's backed into other cars enough.  If I'm riding shotgun, I can't take my own eyes off the road in traffic.  He recently started pulling away while my grandmother was still getting in the car, resulting in a nasty sprain for her.

He still thinks he's OK to drive.  He's also the sort that will pick apart others' driving to no end.  After that last incident, I've determined that I'll be driving any time we're in the car together, commentary be damned.
"Canon" in comics is sticky, especially in DC.

As of right now, no.  Time travel is not canon to the current version of Superman, and hasn't been for a long time.  

Golden Age Superman could do it.  The version in the old movies could do it.  They're not canon to each-other or to the latest version in the comics, however.
Thor and Ghost Rider too

I've also had success with Goblin.  Not amazing, but he's able to contribute in SL.
It's stuff like this that forced me to actually sign up for All Access before the season finale.  I don't want drive-by thumbnail spoilers.

Spoiler tag this post, OP.
It could be a third Luke.  Tiny Luke.
Moore didn't lose because of Trump's backing.  Hell, that race was pretty damn close, and without Trump's backing it probably wouldn't have been.

Moore lost because he's an accused pedo.  The fact that the race was so close is disturbing and speaks volumes to what Trump throwing his base behind a candidate can mean.
Been sitting on a couple of MRUTs for a while.  I had earmarked them for Deadpool and X-23, but X-23 I'd brought up with normal tickets and who knows when or if DP ever will get here.

I've got several paywalls sitting at 1\* or 2\*, who should I prioritize?  

* Kid Kaiju
* Quasar
* Kilmonger
* Ironheart
* SM2099

I dont' have any gaping holes in my roster.  Chances are, whoever this ends up being will be sitting at 15 gears for the foreseeable future too.  So I need someone useful at T1
I can't even beat the first boss.
I'm just going to assume the Klingon design for Discovery is the classic TNG-style design.  The two are interchangable, and the lack of hair is just a really popular style for "pure" Klingons, as it helps set them more apart from their impure brethren.

There's no impure Klingons in the scene because they're all off on the frontiers, far away from pure Klingons.
OH SHIT T6 KUMARI with PILOT MANUVERS

And dat GW trait
I'm fairly sure Daisy's mixed heritage is because of Chloe's.

If they'd have cast a more European-looking actress, Afterlife might have been in Europe (maybe Mount Wundagore or something?).  Hell, maybe she could have been of Sokovian decent.
Starfleet still has no death penalty, except for that one specific instance.  She's not going to explain that nuance to L'Rell, especially if she's trying to be diplomatic.  

"We have no death penalty, well, except for this one case.  We totally won't decide to make another exception though."
I believe China, and maybe other parts of SEA, are on a different server.  Most of the rest of the world should be fine.
It drops as a bonus, but I don't think it's a specific rift reward.  Its also in SL chests and I'm pretty sure the Honor Token comic chest.
2004, so probably a bit past what you're thinking.  I worked for a medium-sized department for a major American city.

We were running a mix of Windows 98 and 2000, with a few 95 machines.  Thankfully no Me machines, not until my second stint in 2005.

We used Novell Netware.  To this day, I hate Novell.  We had minimal, if any, file sharing on the network.  Most installs had to be done via physical media, and since we had older machines this also precluded USB drives.  There wasn't a proper print server either, we'd have to manually connect to printers with IP addresses.

We imaged machines using a copy of Norton Ghost that we had to run from a bootable floppy.  No centralized server though, so I'd have the server end running on my desktop.

So when Sasser hit, I had to run around with a floppy disk, run shutdown -a, then install the Sasser hotfix and configure Windows Update and SUS (did I mention, nothing was set to auto-update until then?).

In my second year there, we took over IT for another department, which gave us a Windows Me machine.  That was a nightmare.  At the same time, we were given XP hand-me-downs from another department.  We filled a spare room with these "new" desktops and I got the pleasure of helping distribute them.

It was a mixed bag.  On one hand, newish, modern PCs.  On the other, some of the existing hardware had been in place since they were new.  I recall replacing one and having chunks of fried chicken fall out of the keyboard onto my lap.  Same PC was *stuck* the the base of the monitor that was sitting on it by dried up coffee.  I lifted the monitor and the PC came with it.  We had one guy that refused to upgrade because he wanted to keep his 5 1/4" floppy drive (we could move it, but we didn't want to).
Discovery's computer wouldn't be spellchecking that anyway.  Whoever programmed the simulation (or the simulator) is to blame here.
Nice.  Been on a real yogurt kick lately, and Chobani is my go-to.
While I despise the refit NX, it was the first thing I thought of.  I love that they decided to kind of bridge the Constitution and the NX here.

Only complaint I've got is the gaps in the nacelles.  I don't dislike the idea, I just don't like it on this ship.
Quinto, with some makeup, could easily pull off Spock.  Pike might be harder, but not impossible.
Visually, anyway.

Story-wise, the MCU sticks closer to 616, but takes elements from all over, as well as make its own stuff.
There shouldn't be any instance where you *can't* get 100%.  You might just not have the right combo of ships on you.

Did it have a big boost to one or more tracks?  Use a Phoenix card or something else to remove that boost.  Use ships that give bonuses for having more ships.
Chill, it was a joke.  And it was more than just an extra "n".
Back on PS2, my brother got pissed off that Kingdom Heart didn't have autosave.

It was then I realized just how easy he has it (in that realm).  We didn't have autosave when I was a kid.  Just having save at all wasn't guaranteed.
You managed to really butcher "Anakin"

Maybe you should stick to "Annie"
Disco's just fine in the Prime timeline.  This Connie look isn't so much different that we can't just chalk it up to aesthetic redesign.

Honestly, this design looks more fitting than the TOS one, if we follow off of the NX.
Curzon isn't around yet.  Should be Emony or Audrid, IIRC.
The Sims wouldn't let you place a bed where the doors have to swing.
> That said, I'm not sure when the bonus box for marks resets, something makes me think THAT is on completion.

It's an item drop, there's no start/stop for it, it's a singular event.
Conceptually, yes.  You could buff everything else.  The problem is, that quickly turns into a balancing nightmare.  

Say character A is doing too much damage.  You buff everyone else's defense, but then you also have to buff *their* attack.  Now character B, who has some kind of gimmick scaling, is way out of whack, so now you have to buff everyone again.

Essentially, you'd have to vet the hell out of every balance pass, since you could never roll anything back to a weaker state.  If you over-correct, then you've got to do it again.
They're already dead.
Not everywhere, but they're spreading.
CDs for sale at retail.

I still buy CDs, but the sad truth is they're disappearing.
It boggles my mind that that even happens these days.

I ran Morca through ISA last night.  This is an alt that's running Mk XI-XII gear, and only 2 tac consoles.  He's really not well-set up, I'm just using him to farm rep.

7.something k.  Granted, the other 4 were at 70k+, but my point is, I *barely* tried to get Morca to a good level.

Only think I can assume is that someone that low is both totally new and running a default ship loadout.
Transformers: The Movie

I'm not sure you really *have* to change the title.
Its adouroborus
Same here.  Wandering around Hylia, and boom!  A dragon appears!
I have 2 slots that are reserved for rep farming.  These characters generally just run some hand-me-down gear, or whatever drops.  It gives me flexibility to screw around though. 

So far, I've had:

* C. Gul, a Rom-Fed Alien (who naturally looked Cardassian)
* Angus McFife XIII, another Rom-Fed, and his crew whom I tried to make look like the members of Gloryhammer.
* Morca, a Fed Human, who totally isn't Lorca, totally isn't flying Budget Discovery (a Scryer), and totally doesn't have a crew themed after Discovery.  Totally coincidental.

One of my real alts fits too.  Basara is a Pakled Engineer, who is balding and rotund.  My headcanon is that he's basically Mr. Magoo and his crew is hyper-competent.  His ships run rainbow beams, composed of Rep and mission reward beams, and occasionally their partnered consoles.
Prince of Lie is never a good choice if you've got decent cards.  Ideally, you want to do as much as you can with cards to bring CD down, so it's redundant to have Prince of Lie at that point.
At the discounted price, it's not *terrible* if you like BP and want a good uniform for him.  But it's not great.  IMO, there's better things to spend your crystals on, like Magneto or the Ragnarok uniforms (once they're on sale)
Aaaand I just gilded my Solanae last night... Kinda thinking I should have went with this instead.
This is like the coolant tank in my car.  There's a fill line, but the plastic is opaque.  The fill line isn't even near the fill spout, so even trying to shine a flashlight in there really doesn't help.
Pretty sure the [Proc] mod is locked.  Its just to make it compatible.
I have a Melee sci running the two sci passives.  They're OK.
Eh, it's par for the course.  I've got enough comment karma to absorb it.