No, against Sony TOS. And if you're buying it online \(instead that by a friend that you know\) they are stolen accounts. The ones who steal and sell stolen accounts should rot in hell. 
Sadly each Pro sounds different. The Delta fan equipped are especially noisier than the Nidec ones, and also the first Pro is louder than the latest. Proof: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZPNmx\-aZVM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZPNmx-aZVM)

There's little you can do, a part of buying a Nidec fan and replacing the thermal paste \(will void warranty if available\)
Because they don't plan to "make it better". They plan to become a pain in the ass of the original and be bought. Or thrive by accident if they're lucky. There's no passion or good intent.
I wouldn't worry, in case something is wrong it will overheat and shut off. If that happens you'll know it's defective. Until that happens you're ok. I think you've found a golden ticket right there :D (and maybe you had an unlucky OG, like I did. It measured 66dB mother of god).

Here's a video about a lucky/unlucky one: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZPNmx-aZVM
It involves him so I give him credit, it just wasn’t intentional. 
The new ones \(CUH\-**71**XXx\) should be quieter
Thanks, will do then, it's great if they managed to, even a little
Thanks, just tried. Even in another room and even using it directly on an outlet without a socket power strip, same thing. I didn't have time to return to Ikea yet, will do and hear the one on display at this point, then decide
I'm reading mixed opinions here.
looks like bloodborne
Get the Pro unless the noise bothers you, it's very loud compared to the slim
Un termine non esclude l’altro, vanno usati assieme:

[Imgur](https://i.imgur.com/jmca4ZI.jpg)
Sony uses different fan manufacturers, Delta makes the noisy ones and Nidec the quieter ones, so 50% of the PS4s will make more noise than the others. Also the thermal paste is applied more or less precisely, so there’s a great variability in PS4 noise (all since the OG, not only the pro). Then yeah all the pro are generally noisy, especially compared to the slim which makes half the noise 
Yes, those were definitely fundamental for the change
Agreed. Probably we fucked Africa in a similar way. Nonetheless Islam is a very well engineered religion, and maybe harder to change than Christianity
Italian here, we aren’t that good yet but we also aren’t as behind as Russia and east Europe. We also kind of made some gay unions (not properly marriage) legal with our last left wing government. We’re gonna get a right-wing government now so of course things aren’t going to evolve further for a while
Islam is just 3-4 centuries behind in evolution compared to Christianity
huehuehue 

Yes =(
Why? The slim PS3 was quieter than the OG. No Linux and then what other downsides? I don't recall any new Playstation revision that was worse than the one before. Look at the slim, no optical output but smaller, super quiet compared to the OG, and more power efficient.
Italian here, can confirm. Italian coffee culture is basically stuck in 1930.

I have an hard fucking time buying light roasted coffee for my pour overs. There are basically only 2 roasters who does it in the whole nation.
At the same price yes
Sì sì certo. Qualcuno è anche andato all'estero, quelli hanno avuto più fortuna. A volte per scelta, a volte perché anche il professore di qua gli ha detto che non c'era ciccia e che piuttosto che non fare niente almeno all'estero ci sarebbero state più opportunità. Uno si è sposato un'americana e ora credo resterà lì per sempre, un altro invece era in nord Europa, però sì è rotto del posto ed è tornato qua, facendo altro. Ma non sono comunque in tanti ad essere andati e rimasti all'estero. Per quanto siamo messi male l'Italia resta un bel paese, come clima ecc.
Non direttamente ma conosco molti amici che l'hanno fatto, ambito ingegneria. Non ce n'è uno che sia riuscito a rimanere dentro l'ambiente accademico. Con il cambio della legge del boh, 2009 mi pare, è cambiato tutto in peggio. E il PhD serve solo per rimanere dentro, di base. Fare ricerca è bello, a tutti piaceva. Ambiente rilassato, tempi morbidi, si sentivano utili. Però ora che sono fuori si sono trovati con tanto tempo perso, pochi soldi, poca esperienza. Più o meno tutti sono riusciti a riciclarsi, con più o meno fatica, ma non in molti lo rifarebbero, a detta loro. Ce n'è ancora qualcuno che cerca di rimanere dentro, alla soglia dei 40 anni, a forza di assegni annuali e vita precaria. Onestamente mi dispiace per loro. Ci credono ma non hanno molte speranze. La meritocrazia non esiste, spero tu questo lo sappia. Non esistono concorsi che non siano concordati preventivamente. Pensaci bene, se il mondo ti piace e assolutamente non ti aspetti niente dal futuro puoi farlo, se ti interessano sbocchi o stabilità allora io eviterei.
Any SSD or Hard disk is compatible, if it's height is less or equal than 9,5mm \(only the bigger 4TB or the older 2TB are 11mm\)
Get the Pro, but be prepared for its noise
I don’t think it’s likely, the Pro is still fairly new and the PS5 is just a couple years away
Yes, even up to 20$ I think. They’re also MAYBE adding VR support, if true I can’t wait 
Fuck me, I didn’t know it could be done that way! I found some old threads, it’s tricky sometimes I read. 

Great cans by the way =)
PS4 doesn’t support audio via Bluetooth, sorry
Yes it's normal, the Pros are very noisy. Some more than others. Like some OG were more noisy than others. There's really nothing you can do, you can return it but the new one could be worse or just slightly better.
Yep, it's normal, the Pro is a noisy console. You probably got one with the noisier Delta fan, and in your launch one you had a Nidec fan, which make quieter fans. Sony uses both manufacturers randomly so you can't know which fan you'll get. But also with the Nidec fan the Pro is noisy, sorry.

Proof: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngjR8\_7QMac](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngjR8_7QMac)
Also in Italy because we have a chain with similar colors which sell them \(Unieuro\)
Nope
Ti voglio bene lo stesso. Mettiamoci sugli sdrai con una bella birrozza e guardiamo questo paese bruciare
In cuor mio non potrò mai dare il mio voto a gente che disprezzo. In realtà mi bastava che quello che rimaneva dei radicali prendessero qualche voto e mettessero dentro qualche parlamentare. Tanto economia e tutto il resto va in merda lo stesso, ma almeno loro per l'evoluzione culturale del paese qualcosa hanno fatto.
No non hai capito. Il popolo sarebbe incazzato lo stesso. Come fai a governare con il popolo contro in queste condizioni, sarebbe comunque impossibile. La sinistra ha perso dopo anni che tutti volevano che perdesse, e mi pare il minimo che chi ha vinto, destra e 5s, si mettano insieme a portare avanti la baracca. Che ci sia gente che auspica che il PD collabori con i 5S, dopo anni che vengono smerdati, lo trovo risibile. Tra l'altro è pieno di pentastellati incazzati per questo per cui non è che me lo stia inventando io. 5S + PD è letteralmente la combinazione più stupida tra tutte le possibili, per il paese
They could just be kids from rural Sicily, but it's hard to believe that in 2018 some kids would wear that clothes, even in Italy, even in the south, even in the countryside
In 1930 maybe
Dog: I love him

Cat: He feeds me
https://media.giphy.com/media/fpXxIjftmkk9y/giphy.mp4
Macché sono un barbone pure io, solo che il popolo disagiato vuole il sangue, ormai un po' di anni di populismo è giusto che ci siano. Così fra un po' di anni avranno voglia di cambiare di nuovo. La sinistra oggi come oggi NON DEVE governare, nel suo interesse. Per il resto sono di sinistra perché mi stano sul cazzo i bigotti bacchettoni conservatori, ma economicamente non mi dispiace. Infatti ho votato +Europa, da bravo drone di reddit 
Bello ma realisticamente è più probabile che l'OP continui a guadagnare più degli altri. Fake it till you make it ecc. funziona.
D'altraparte per prendere voti si critica chi sta al governo. Il popolo funziona così. Se governava la destra smerdavano la destra, allo stesso identico modo. È un gioco.
A me è sembrata tutta una tecnica per addestrare le scimmiette su facebook E RENZI KEFFAAAAA?!?!?
Casomai abuchetto, che le porte sono strette
Nope, just browse this sub and the r/PS4Pro one by thread newness \(because noise thread are usually downvoted and you won't see them otherwise\), and look at all the thread about noisy pros, they're basically the same
quam minimum credula postero?
Yes it is. Apparently for most gamers it's fine. There are plenty of daily threads about the noise, but the vast majority just blast their televisions or use headphones. I couldn't deal with noise so I got a slim. It's bliss.
I just hope that Sony sooner or later will be able to design a console which is powerful AND quiet like the XBOXONEX. It can be done.
I won't do it, the Pro is a noisy system, and even more if yours happen to have a Delta fan instead than a Nidec one \(Sony uses both manufacturers\). You can change thermal paste but it will sound mostly the same.

Proof: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngjR8\_7QMac](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngjR8_7QMac)
Don't know bro, I just updated Fortnite without problems on my slim after the 5.53\-01 update
grazie 🤜🤛
Come/dove si segnala? Non vedo l'ora di farli inculare con la sabbia
I nomi stranieri scritti all'italiana valgono? Tipo Maicol, Desi, Gionatan ecc.
Just installed it, it didn't even reboot, just a black screen with the usual installation notice and then the XMB again
It's defective then, better have it replaced if under warranty

edit: oh ok it's an OG, try cleaning it first. You can also open it and clean it thoroughly but it's not an easy job and you can break it, just be careful
We really just need to live every day as it was our last 
Apple doesn’t slow older iPhones, nor Sony does with the OGs
Everyone’s pro is like that
If you want to play in silence and don’t care about frame rate get a slim. If you’re ok with a noisy console use the Pro
They’re all noisy bro, even the new ones. Sadly you either deal with it or buy a slim giving up on increased performances
I tried them and the 4.40 in the store, and I loved the sound. I have the Beats Solo 3 because I'm an Apple user, but these sound better for a similar or lower street price. A tad more treble and more bass than the Beats. They  have less autonomy and bluetooth range but still, great pair, and over\-ear \(if you don't have big ears\). Noise reduction was good, but not as good as the latest Sony and Bose. 
I am at the Heide's Tower of Flame, I will keep going on... but fuck those knights... 
Well, Witcher 3 also
Oh yeah, it's basically a dead system. But they managed to make it powerful AND silent. I don't understand why Sony can't
Sadly there's no way to both have a quiet gaming environment and the Pro's power... I have a 1080 screen and no VR so the slim is ok for me, it makes less than half the noise of the Pro and I'm in love with it for that reason. I hope Sony will make the PS5 quiet, just as the XBOXONEX is... there's no reason for it to be so noisy. Looks just like bad engineering.
Everything is ok, the Pro is a noisy system. If it overheats \(which it shouldn't do ever\) it will just shut off. Then you know you have a problem. Until then, it's ok. The only way to play in silence is buying a slim, of course giving up on framerate and 4K \(which I happily did\).
Yes, I upgraded to a slim as soon as it was available, best decision of my gaming life. It's so much better to play without a constant WHOOOOOSSHHHH in the background. So. Much. Better.

Then yeah the Pro is quieter than the OG but, look at all these post, it's still very noisy compared to the slim. Your choice.
Yep, looks like a faulty GPU
Some OG were worse than the Pro, but the Pro isn't "quiet" either. 
Yep, the Pro is just a noisy system with intensive games
Dark Souls 2. I will get into it, I know, but after BB and DS3 it's very hard to get used to the different mechanics.
That is the most ugly chair that I've ever seen. The glossy chipped paint is really the cherry on the cake
Everybody's Pro is loud AF with some games. Many will deny it but still yeah. And if you have a Delta fan instead than a Nidec fan it will be even more noisy.
They code called it GT7 before changing it to GT Sport. I don't think the numbers are coming back
They won't work over bluetooth. Just return them and buy a pair of the new Sony Golds, will work, you'll have a microphone you'll be able to switch off, and other pretty stuff. With the adapter it will work also on PC/Mac with good quality for music. The only alternative with your pair is to connect it wired to the DS4 controller
Vellum? :D
Yep, looks like a bullshit clickbait article
Regola di vita: mai fare affidamento su prodotti di Google 
Theoretically it's not needed, but in the worst case scenario where everything goes wrong, and you can't switch the PS4 on again, it's good if it isn't primary. You can reactivate it later in a split second anyway.
I would have gone with the cheaper one that allowed online play. But since the last two months \(not before\) I am actually happy with the free games. So if they keep the quality high having them is nice and worth the price.
I'm ok with it coming out with PS5. The PS4/Pro isn't powerful enough anyway. Actually I think the current headset would still perform good and way better hooked up to an hypothetical PS5. I think a new visor isn't even really needed, it's actually pretty good technically.
Yep, the Pro is noisy alas
Are them really that fragile? thinking about buying a pair but it's 45€ over here
To be fair I never played anything so intensive for so long :D so ok it may be. 

But in general I won't worry about hotness, if anything runs too hot you'll get either a safety shut off or loud fans or malfunctions. If my slim is hot but quiet it means it's running ok. My GPU in an old Dell computer I had ran at 98°C and it was common for everyone who had it :D
It's normal Pro behavior. If it gets too hot it will shut itself down. So no problem. Yes it runs hot and yes it is noisy \(especially if you got one with a Delta fan. The ones with a Nidec fan are quieter and are the reason many say theirs is "quiet"\).
Yes, there is no problem and the Pro is made that way. But it's not true that the slim heats up, it's usually warm but still quiet even with intensive games.
I fucking hope so, I don’t want to wait for the PS5 slim to have a quiet one

Also you must have a Delta fan, the ones with Nidec are quieter (but still noisy)
Just read this book [https://www.amazon.com/Built\-Sell\-Creating\-Business\-Without\-ebook/dp/B004IYISQW](https://www.amazon.com/Built-Sell-Creating-Business-Without-ebook/dp/B004IYISQW) as fast as you can. AFAIK selling something and keep working in it is bad, so many things can go wrong.
Carbone 
Learned something today, thanks!
They don't sound like hairdryers, I was quite obviously exaggerating, you just got a quiet OG and a quiet Pro. It isn't impossible. But I got two jet like noisy chassis B since they were new. I know it can be hard to accept, but it happens more often than not. I honestly never heard a Pro with my ears, I based my choice on initial reviews, tests, and the many messages that you can read anywhere about noise. I don't have money problems and I could buy a Pro anyday, but I was SO burned with my two OGs that I'm literally scared to buy a Pro. I know I am missing out but I don't care, a quiet console is more important to me. Believe me when I say that I had to play with headphones all the time. It was a shitty 1,5 years before I sold it for the slim. Best decision of my life as far as I'm concerned. But I believe there are many quiet Pros too. I just wouldn't gamble. And I really hope that Sony will produce a more consistently quiet PS5.
Thanks for pointing that out. I searched a little and I found a discussion where it explains (maybe) because I had that idea: 

https://www.sweetwater.com/forums/showthread.php?23435-dB-increase-3-or-6
"3 dB = twice the power (Power respectively intensity - mostly calculated)
6 dB = twice the amplitude (Voltage respectively sound pressure - 
mostly measured)
10 dB = twice the perceived volume (Loudness nearly sensed psychoacoustics)". 

Does it make sense?
I know, it's random. The first ones who tried the 7100s and having heard the first ones said they sounded similar (but often with coil whine). If you say the 7100s are quieter that's good. There's still that Delta/Nidec problem. It's ridiculous.
Yes you are. I got lucky too sometimes. My PS3 slim is as quiet as my PS4 slim. Xbox 360 was known to be noisy (it also had the delta/nidec fan problem, i.e. the delta ones were way more noisy). I didn't had the PS2. Gaming laptop are noisy because they are super thin, they at least have an excuse. 
It's too soon, they don't have the tech to make a smaller and quieter Pro at the same price point. Maybe after the PS5 launch in a couple years.
It was great on games that supported it \(e.g. Infamous Second Son\). The DS4 has a lot of small touches that improves immersion \(like the small speaker\)
here too \(EU\)
Best choice ever, enjoy some silent gaming sir
Dude, stop. If you happen to have a friend with a noisy OG pay him a visit and witness it. You clearly never heard one and are in denial. Consider yourself very, very lucky. I didn't believe it myself before owning one.

I am an engineer and I exactly know it's logarithmic, that's why 10dB means double the noise each time (so 20dB difference is 4 times the noise). Not that it matters. Decibels were just for reference and I was holding the phone over the console, not on the airflow. I compared it to other similar youtube videos. Because I couldn't believe it myself. But my hearing was enough to tell it sounded too damn loud.
I'm in EU, I live in an apartment. If your neighbor uses an hair dryer you can hear it through the wall. At night I would wake up my neighbors. 

About measuring, I just bought a calibrated app for my iPhone, and put in near the PS4, and misured that. My slim measures 45dB in the same conditions. 20dB is four times less noise (each 10dB up or down the volume doubles or halves).

I don't need for the measurement to be accurate, it was just too damn loud
Never read of bricked slims, mine is from October 2016 and it runs flawlessly. I get that you were lucky and your Pro is mostly quiet, but there are daily threads of people with hair dryer loud Pros. Of course, not considering the noise, the Pro is the stronger console, for just 100$ more. I'm not saying that it isn't. And no, it doesn't *need* to be more noisy (it's bigger and with a bigger fan, and still it's noisier). It's just Sony that can't design a proper cooling system, or just doesn't care because, just like you, most gamers don't care about noise, apparently.

With that said I don't need to justify what I measured, I know exactly how noisy my two chassis B were. I was afraid to wake up my neighbors.  Here's another test of the slim, which compares it to the OG https://www.eurogamer.net/articles/digitalfoundry-2016-hands-on-with-the-playstation-4-slim-cuh-2000 and here it is another video with the typical OG noise, if you don't believe me: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MNNR0FnHtmQ

Is the Pro quieter than the OG? Most of the time, yes. Is it worth it? Yes. Could Sony have made it a little quieter? YES. But sadly it didn't. As I said, I don't care. I just wish they get it right with the PS5. I don't want to wait years having to buy a quieter PS5 slim...
Not before the PS5, probably in 2020, or 1\-2 years later in 2021\-2022. They released a V2 PS VR in November 2017 \(CUH\-ZVR2\)
It was actually November 2017
Noise, slim excluded, is really the biggest issue they should address
Example: "In terms of the acoustic performance of the Pro, it has much more in common with the c-chassis PS4 than the Slim. We were hoping that the larger console may integrate a larger fan - typically, the larger fan, the slower it needs to spin in order to displace the same amount of heat. We've yet to put the Pro through exhaustive tests here, but we note a peak 55dB during inFamous First Light gameplay, but really it's not so much the loudness that's the issue as opposed to the pitch. The fan spins up and down and is clearly audible from across the room."
https://www.eurogamer.net/articles/digitalfoundry-2016-playstation-4-pro-review

In the video that I posted, if you have headphones, you can clearly see that the Delta fan has a higher noise pitch, which is more bothersome than the Nidec. You are probably lucky. There are some Pro which are not noisy. But it's a selected few. Just like with the OG. I had two in a row that were terrible. I measured 66dB with both of them. It was hell. I bought a slim just for the noise, and everytime I browse this subreddit or the pro one I'm so fucking happy, because I don't have to deal with an hairdryer in my living room.

Again, I get that some Pro can be quiet, and for many people it won't be a problem, but a potential buyer must know that noise is something to consider. I hope that Sony does too for the PS5. 


Well I read many threads each day about people complaining about noise so I don't think that is a matter of debate. Then we know that each one sound different. But still I don't understand, why are you ok with a noisy console? The Pro IS noisy, it has been lab tested to make 58dB, which are plenty. Sony has to know that this ruins game immersion. I understand that many don't care about having to blast the TV volume or using headphone, but if Microsoft has been able to design a quiet console like the xboxone I don't understand why Sony can get away designing an horribly noisy one. I don't even understand why they're still using those crappy noisy Delta fans instead of the quieter Nidec ones. Proof in case you don't know:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngjR8_7QMac
You need to buy a new original fan \(get the Nidec one, not the Delta which is super noisy\). You also need to replace the thermal paste. Consider that the process isn't easy and you can damage your console
I don't have a 4K screen and chose a slim over a Pro. It wasn't a matter of price. The slim is super silent and to me that is very important. I had a jet like OG that I couldn't stand. The pro has a better framerate on some games, but it's very noisy.
Yes of course, you just need to sign in with your psn plus account in the new console

Still, do a usb savegames backup, you never know...
It's faulty, if under warranty get it replaced. If you have an external hard drive you can back up everything \(games, save games, profiles etc.\) on it, and then reimport everything on the new one. It takes some hours depending how full it is \(2\-3\-4 hours\).

This is not like moving games on an external drive, the backup thing is different, and has everything. Also backup your save games on an usb stick anyway.
doesn't look like it's worth it
Ahah all the bleeding anuses who sent me PMs with spoilers... each WITH A DIFFERENT ENDING :D what a bunch of faggots, you can't even spoil right.

Also I don't plan to play the game, which is the reason I commented, so you're welcome
Well, it says so in the Italian Playstation VR help page.. 
https://translate.google.it/translate?sl=it&tl=en&js=y&prev=_t&hl=it&ie=UTF-8&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.playstation.com%2Fit-it%2Fget-help%2Fhelp-library%2Fsystem---hardware%2Fsound---screen%2Fps-vr--picture-issues-%2F&edit-text=

"Display of the VR display - pixels always lit or off

It is possible that some dark (dark) pixels and some always lit pixels appear in certain areas of the screen. The presence of such points is a normal feature of the screens and is not a malfunction signal.

The screens are produced using high precision technology. However, it is possible that a minimum number of dark or always illuminated pixels is present on every screen, together with possible irregularities in colors or lighting."

It's good that they change it anyway (in your country at least)

hope they get hemorrhoids 
Witcher 3 is the best, but I feel that Fallout 4 can be played in more different and creative ways, build wise
Parlo di chi vuole rimanere dentro il mondo accademico. Orari morbidi, fare qualche articolo ogni tanto, e prima o poi diventare professore universitario, tenere corsi ecc. Quasi tutti quelli che cominciano a fare il PhD desiderano questa vita, la ricerca è solo il fine per raggiungerla. Questo vale anche un po' per tutti gli ambiti accademici (c'è chi fa ricerca in filosofia, teatro, algoritmi informatici ecc.), in cui basta scrivere tot articoli ogni anno e farseli pubblicare da qualche rivista o in qualche conferenza. Fare articoli è solo quello che è necessario per rimanere dentro, difficilmente migliorano davvero l'ambito di ricerca o "il mondo", a volte sono gli stessi rimaneggiati e risottomessi dovunque sia possibile farseli accettare.

Diverso chi invece vuole "fare ricerca" vera e propria, che sono quelli a cui ti riferisci tu. Onestamente non conosco nessuno di questo tipo però (limite mio e della mia cerchia di conoscenze)
Sony officially says that some hot/dead pixel are normal, but when I searched it also exchanged the visors for that problem without fuss anyway. If I were you I'd try to hear from them and organizing an exchange. I don't know how are the warranty laws where you live (2 years here in EU)
Qualche mese ma nel mio caso è un indirizzo secondario, anche se lo perdo non è un dramma. Comunque sono abbastanza famosi, è fatto da gente uscita dal CERN e MIT, tra i vari servizi di posta tenderei a dire che ci sono buone probabilità che duri nel tempo. Ma certo ci sono servizi che più difficilmente spariranno (es. gmail, per quanto google si diverta a chiudere servizi a random, vedi reader)
I can’t believe it’s not a turtle 
Sì ma infatti per me la ricerca è proprio un settore da evitare. Almeno in certi settori. Il mio è quello dell'ingegneria, ho molti amici in altri campi (economia, diritto arti ecc.) ma paradossalmente quello che mi manca come conoscenza diretta è quello che probabilmente è invece quello proprio dell'immaginario comune, in medicina/farmacia/biologia ecc.
HOLY MOTHER OF GOD
Mi auguro che sempre più neolaureati scoprano questa realtà della cosa per mandare completamente a fare in culo il mondo della ricerca. Se uno è bravo il privato paga, sia economicamente che moralmente, 100 volte di più.

Fonte: diversi amici ricercatori, tutti nella stessa barca \(che affonda\). Contenti perché sono più "liberi" di un dipendente, ma finisce lì
io protonmail.com
Really? Initial reports talked about the same noise but with added coil whine. But if as it became more popular it was indeed reported as more quiet then that’s good
Yeah that could be risky. Maybe a better example would have been Jessica Alba, half Mexican half French-canadian-sweden
They've already upgraded it with minor differences... and it's a fragile market. It's not selling a lot and not because of technical deficiencies. Making a new upgrade would just piss early adopters even more, risking of killing the market even before creating it. I think it's very unlikely
Ok, allora diciamo che può *apparire* originale, anche se non lo è :D
I don't know. It could be, because the oled screen and everything is pretty good, with an hypothetical PS5 connected to it the result can be vastly better without a new visor. But they could also make it PS4 only. I'm buying it for the experience. It's worth the new price point in my opinion, even if it will be worthless in 2 years. If I get to use it on the PS5 too even better, but I'm won't hold my breath.
The Pro is a noisy system. As it was the OG. Moreover, Sony uses two fan manufacturers. Nidec and Delta. 50&#37; chance, you have no way to tell which fan yours will mount. If you get a Nidec, you'll have a noisy Pro. If you get a Delta, you'll have a VERY noisy Pro. Your choice. The only way to have a quiet gaming experience is getting a slim and being ok without the performance upgrade \(slim also have the nidec/delta problem, but being quiet anyway it's harder to tell\)

proof: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngjR8\_7QMac](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngjR8_7QMac)

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MNNR0FnHtmQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MNNR0FnHtmQ)
No way it's going to happen, the problem with the PS VR is the low Playstation 4/Pro computing power, not on the visor itself. It will be PS5 in 2 years and PSVR2 after that
Eh in sto caso sì, e anche le due I. Probabilmente troppa roba da crenare a mano. Prossima volta monospaced for teh win
\[cit.\]
Whatever bro, nordic people suck to me. I'd fuck a beautiful black girl anyday over an Norwegian. Also what about Spanish? With that brownish skin and huge boobs. Oh baby.

I think nordic fenotype may be preferred only by Nordics, or by English or other English colonies \(USA Australia etc.\) which are already blonde pale and with similar body structure. You know that you usually like someone who is like your mother \(if you're a man\) or your dad \(if you're a female\). I don't recall the psychological name of that theory but it kind of work. If your parents are mediterranean probably you'll like someone similar, same thing if your parents are "nordic".

By the way, I can't wait for more "racial" mixture to happen. Those are the best. An half Japanese half arabic? Gorgeous. Half black half nordic? Amazing. Mixing different ethnic features makes for some beautiful humans.
I don’t give a fuck, also if true (doubt it) it’s better because I like a Mediterranean look more than a pale/blonde one 
Thanks good to know! 

So also the OP is fine, wired is the way to go anyway
Wired they are passive, no simulated 7.1 and similar. I don’t know about 3D sound and how it’s sent to the cans. There are videos on YouTube which are super 3D (binaural like barber shop) because they are recorded with special microphones, and you can get the effect with any passive headphones. I don’t think the 3d sound is needed in the headphones to work with PS VR (or at least it shouldn’t be)
Hehehe 🌝
Dopo che ha visto quanto sia più immensa la userbase su PS4 sembra proprio che arriverà 
Troppo lento se si vuole vincere, troppo randomico se si cerca lo scontro. Cartoonoso e poco realistico come art direction. Sarò vecchio ma proprio non fa per me
Per dare l’esempio di com’è un paese civile ai bigotti di merda
Ho letto che dovrebbe funzionare meglio, ma se io rileggo a voce alta mi metto a pensare ad altro. Ho sempre trovato mille volte più efficace leggere “a mente”
Yeah I heard. Let’s see if I find it on sale. Alas I’m not a fan of the “gravel” style, I just prefer the grip of the asphalt :D
Creative fields in Italy are very crowded, and not many companies understand and pay what is fair. You’ll probably find way more work in London and better paid. But yeah it rains less here in Italy. Also Milan is your best bet, it’s the more productive and alive city in the state 
Uso da tempo, molto pratica anche nella versione free 
Visivamente è bello ma non originale. In pratica è una delle prime cose che ti insegnerebbero ad impaginare in un corso di grafica. Un classico Helvetica in stile anni ‘60. Il problema è che siamo così abituati a vedere grafica di merda che un lavoro un minimo decente ci sembra originale o sopra la media (basta poco)

/end rant
Tried today in the store. It was like I was there, inside that MX\-5. I think I'm going to buy PS VR tomorrow after trying this. I already own GTS and I love it. Absolutely fantastic in VR.
I think it's a FireCuda thing, sometimes some SSDs don't have a protection for power out, maybe the SSD part of the FireCuda is like this. They also have an high failure rate, even compared to regular Seagate drives. I would use it as external only. It will still be fast.
Definitely get a slim. It's 4 times quieter and it's very noticeable. I sold my OG for that very reason. Also it's smaller.
Fino a un paio di anni fa era lo standard predefinito anche di Magento, software e\-commerce di fascia medio\-alta considerato ottimo. Per dire.
Bavaria rossa se ti piace qualcosa di rosso dolciastro forte. Se vuoi qualcosa di simile ma meglio ci sono le varie Leffe, birre di abbazia con sentori particolari, di aromi e lieviti. Se vuoi ancora il meglio prendi delle trappiste vere \(hanno il loghetto\), Rochefort, La Chouffe, Chimay, La Trappe ecc.

Se invece vuoi qualcosa di più leggero, agrumato, amarognolo, vanno di moda le IPA \(Indian pale ale\). Buone anche quelle, anche se io prediligo birre da meditazione, molto alcoliche e aromatiche come quelle sopra.

Se vuoi la pisciazza classica ci sono le varie varianti delle lager di marche commerciali
Uso un Philips pagato 35 euro per tagliarmi i capelli, lama in tungsteno boh, mai un problema va un tuono da 3 e passa anni
Volevo prendermi una bici da strada/gravel, però un po' le strade di merda, un po' la pericolosità \(sia per incidenti che per  il rischio a lungo andare alle parti basse se la sella non è ok o in caso di traumi\) ho comprato delle scarpe da corsa. Correre mi ha sempre fatto CAGARE, spero che questa storia delle endorfine funzioni perché altrimenti ho preso le scarpe per niente.
FireCudas have an high failure rate, I now just put a smaller SSD on an external drive, moving there the games I play the most and that I want faster. Then moving them on the internal or deleting them after I'm done. Or I would just get a regular hard drive. Consider that internal isn't faster than external, it's about the same
Sì sono d'accordo, non volevo essere così estremo. Però leggo spesso di gente che sta all'estero e *non vede l'ora* di tornare in Italia. O fa di tutto per crearsi un'Italia all'estero. Non dico rinnegare le proprie origini (che è letteralmente impossibile, io stesso cresciuto in pianura sono a disagio quando vado in montagna, per dire), però nemmeno viversela così male perché altrimenti conviene davvero stare in Italia a fare il più umile dei lavori. Da un lato parlo a vanvera perché non l'ho mai fatto, ma di tutti gli amici che conosco che sono stati all'estero, più della metà anzi quasi tre quarti dopo qualche anno sono tornati indietro, dicendo che all'estero sì è bello però non si sono mai "stabiliti" veramente, per cui non si sentivano mai a casa. Parlo di comprare casa/mobili/auto, trovarsi un nuovo medico/dentista o anche un compagno/a, e cose così. È come se facessero di tutto per non legarsi al posto ed essere così liberi di tornare in Italia. Grazie al cazzo che viversela così poi stai male.
Casa™ è dove tu decidi che sia

Comunque detto questo, e per quanto l'Italia mi faccia schifo, non credo che potrei abituarmi al clima di altri paesi ad esclusione di Spagna, Grecia e Portogallo, che stanno messi peggio di noi. Quindi non so se ce la farei ad espatriare.

Ma secondo me se vai all'estero devi dimenticarti dell'Italia. I tuoi figli devono crescere come se fossero di quel paese. I misturoni italo\-qualcosa non credo funzionino. È come quando ci arrivano qua gli extracomunitari, ed invece di integrarsi si fanno i loro ghetti tra di loro. Per quanto duro, credo che tu debba pensarti come cittadino di quel paese in tutto e per tutto, mettendo in conto di non tornare in Italia mai \(poi se capita ben venga eh, ma non puoi vivere con quel desiderio altrimenti ti fai solo del male\), quindi parlando la lingua e imparando valori/cultura e tradizioni.

Però tieni conto che non avendolo mai fatto sto solo sparando sensazioni mie a caso.
v1 slim here, everything is fine, updated the division today after the update with no problems
I don't know, I guess it's a local thing. Gamestop here (Italy) is literally never cheaper than anything. I don't know how they're still in business. I can get better physical prices from amazon. But every game I've recently bought have been on sale and I paid the same or less than a Physical version. I can't sell them, of course, but that is a PITA anyway to set up. I used to do it but I like launching old games from time to time, and not having to search and load the disc is so convenient. 
Definitely not. I love my "old" golds, they sound pretty damn nice even with music
Sì certo, intendevo che se non guadagni più perché tutti usano Adblock alla fine che scelta avresti? Sei destinato a fallire comunque, tanto vale provare.

La realtà è che la soluzione sta nel mezzo, un po' di contenuti free e qualcosa in più per chi vuole pagare. Sembra che funzioni \(es. [Kottke.org](https://Kottke.org) e altri\)
Light roast are the best, fruity, floral, taste like red berries. A delicious coffee tea. How did you brew it?
Trying redoing all the steps again... sadly it's a delicate operation that doesn't always end right
Vertical is fine if you buy the official stand which allows for proper ventilation
Per me il futuro è fatto di blog dove per leggere il contenuto \(senza pubblicità\) paghi tot al mese. Metti 1€ o quello che è. Io pagherei volentieri, dato che non credo gli ad saranno mai onesti e privi di malware, e che senza cash i blog chiudono
>E GENTILONY CHEFFA' ???#

FTFY
Fantastica la sfilza di 50enni di facebook che condividono e fanno fax/mail bombing dopo il suo post
Ha fatto benissimo. Che poi la gente si lamenta come se non sapesse che esistono altri posti oltre a Facebook \(un blog?\). Anzi ho proprio paura che non lo sappiano... 
Lo ha scritto per avvisare chi si aspettava che avrebbe scritto ancora. Altrimenti già mi immagino i vari post 

"Samantha sei morta!!!??11" "Samantha non scrive più ALLARME BEIGE" "Ultim'ora, Samantha non aggiorna più la sua pagina Facebook, si teme il peggio"
"Augmented noise\-canceling hidden microphones provide crystal clear communication with friends and teammates." and "chat with friends through the hidden, noise\-canceling microphones." both from the official page: [https://www.playstation.com/en\-us/explore/accessories/audio\-and\-communication/gold\-wireless\-headset/](https://www.playstation.com/en-us/explore/accessories/audio-and-communication/gold-wireless-headset/)

I don't know if the old golds use the same technology
The platinums are kind of overpriced, they may be better but not that much
The new golds should have two mics, one to erase ambient noise
Witcher 3, Fallout 4, Bloodborne
It's very worth that price. You may become bored after 20\-30 hours, but for that price the views and the initial experience is worth it for sure. Very relaxing game. They also teased they may be implementing PS VR in next updates. It would be a dream.
Oh yeah, I never buy a game if it isn't on sale. And I never buy a game which just came out. The prices go down very fast and the first versions always have bugs, so I can manage to wait with no problems. But yeah I get your point, digital isn't cheaper in every scenario
Basically a better PS Now. My body is ready.
Yeah I agree. I don’t say this isn’t true, but just that I find it strange. The Pro is more powerful than the OG, but not that much to be able to render a game drastically better. Basically I’m not sure that an hypothetical “Pro” only VR game could be that much better. The main advantages have been sharper lines, more detailed textures and some more polygons, but there’s no reason for the patched games not to be even better than they are. But they are not. Sorry for my convoluted English :D
Maybe they could sell the BR reader separately. Lately I’m just buying digital. Cheaper and way more convenient. I used to sell games but they depreciate too soon, it wasn’t worthy anymore 
It doesn’t mean the OG couldn’t handle something more than 1v1. Maybe there are other problems and in the future they’ll add more options. I just say we don’t know
Nel 2014 ho usato uno script per cancellare tutto quello che avevo postato nella timeline. Ho eliminato 9/10 delle foto e praticamente tutti i mi piace che ho fatto alle varie pagine. In pratica il mio profilo è un guscio vuoto, con la mia foto, che uso solo quando mi serve interagire con gli altri. Non ci scrivo niente, e non trovo niente di interessante da leggere di quello che fanno i miei amici. Ho creato un profilo falso con cui ho fatto mi piace e interagisco con le pagine o i gruppi che possono interessarmi. Nel momento in cui mi è utile rivelare la mia identità, lo faccio. Ma scrivere e commentare col mio nome vero mi rende real uncomfortable e ha molti risvolti negativi \(opinioni degli altri falsate ecc.\), per cui sto benissimo così. Naturalmente ho anche cancellato le app dal cellulare, se mi serve \(mai\) lo apro dal browser.
I'm not sure about that. The IA mostly depends on the CPU computing power, which is very similar between OG and Pro. The Pro has double GPU power, but that is only useful when you display stuff. On most of a GTS race you don't see many cars around so the difference can't be that big between the two.
It's not that they can make a PC2 on the Pro and can't on the OG. The game would be very similar on both, just sharper and with some minor added detail on the Pro. VR games on the Pro may be noticeably better, but the increased GPU power is not nearly enough anyway to make a drastically better game. That is PS5 territory.
Average VR player

\[Imgur\]\([https://i.imgur.com/0Bc8rnR.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/0Bc8rnR.jpg)\)
I actually felt bad for him once he was on the ground
Yeah, a moka wouldn't be that different, just a little more watery and bitter than an espresso. Other styles of brewing are usually less concentrated than espresso and moka (the only one more intense than that is maybe Turkish coffee, that will need a cezve/ibrik). 

Personally the most mind blowing shift in coffee I experienced was when I tried a light roast pour over. Lightly roasted coffee (or third wave as it is sometimes called) has a completely different taste compared to the medium/dark roast of espresso. Instead of chocolate and earth and ash and bitterness you get flower, red fruits, tangy or acidic brews. It's like a coffee tea that taste like berries. My preferred pour over method is using an Hario V60. The most aromatic coffees are the African ones, Ethiopia in particular. It can be hard to find good light roasts, but they are becoming more popular. It's a very different experience than espresso.

Another style you can try for cheap, more similar than espresso/moka taste wise, is the French press. You just grind way coarser and leave it there for 5-6 minutes. The result is a rich coffee, less bitter and very lush. It's a prerogative of immersion brewing. You can reach something similar using an Aeropress (that is cheap too).

There are many other brewing methods (cold brew, siphon etc.), the question is how deep down the rabbit hole are you willing to go? :D
It varies. Robusta have more caffeine than Arabica. Also the darker the roast the more caffeine is lost in the process. But caffeine is very soluble so different brewing methods should yield similar caffeine levels based on the grounds weight.

Healthy daily caffeine limit is 400mg, which roughly corresponds to 35 grams of Arabica beans
Italian here, most of us have one \(or more\) at home and it's the device used 99&#37; of the time to brew coffee at home. Very few have espresso machines, or they just buy Nespresso ones  \(I got one of those too\).

It's very convenient, you just load the water and coffee and leave it on the stove. It's also economic as it uses few coffee to make a cup \(roughly 6 grams for 50ml of brew\). I don't particularly like the brews though. It's very hard to impossible not to over extract or get a bitter result. If I want a good cup of medium/dark coffee I just do a similar coffee/water ratio with my Aeropress.

Still, it's the cheapest/more convenient way to have a kind\-of\-espresso
Yeah graphics is already mind blowingly good (think horizon). I think more power will be good for increased framerate, 4K and higher resolution/complexity PS VR, but we won't see drastically better 2D games, we're already close to photorealism for what I'm concerned
it's a shame that firing goes to R1 then, I usually already use my index finger on the R2 so I would need to stop accelerating
The usual "console" cycle is 6 years \(was 7 years for the playstation 3 before the playstation 4 was announced\). PS4 came out in late 2013, so the PS5 99&#37; can't be available before late 2019, and as always will be hard to find, with few games etc. It will be probably available without problems since the beginning of 2020 at the earliest.
Yes, I've got 100 hours in without even realizing it, if you can find for 30$/30€ is very worth it
I read fart animation
FFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
if they're arabica beans it should roughly be 800mg of caffeine

[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caffeine](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caffeine)
Consider that the healthy coffee intake suggested per person per day is 35 grams of arabica beans \(or 400mg of caffeine\). You're basically drinking two days worth of caffeine in one sitting...

[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caffeine](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caffeine)
Tell me about it! Also finding the new ones with micro usb connectors instead of mini usb is super hard :D
True.. I bought it for 15€ the past summer so yeah. But I’m a cheap ass I never buy anything full price 🙃
Nope

I read there are protections sold on amazon though
If they’re gonna make it VR, oh boy
Crazy, I love both :D they’re just calm and relaxing and I love the views. Very unconventional games though, and I love space 
I’m from Italy but couldn’t find it at that price :D but I was thinking the bundle. Looks like I should just prepare those 299€ 😅
Thanks! It’s the visor only though, I was thinking about the bundle for some reason. Maybe because I read of someone who said the GTS bundle was 199$ in some American chain :D lucky them. 

The bundle is close to 299€ which is like here in Italy. And the only chain than can guarantee it’s a V2 is the same! (Mediamarkt and a Saturn are called Mediaworld here). I can buy the camera + visor + worlds separately but it’s gonna cost roughly the same so, considering shipping/warranty etc., maybe I should just take the car and buy it here :D decisions decisions 
WHERE?

In Italy the V2 is almost non existent, and the V1 is still at the new 299€ price
Oh man where did you get that mug
Mi piacerebbe perché praticamente tutti i subreddit italiani a parte questo altrimenti saranno sempre irrimediabilmente vuoti. Non che ce ne sia grande bisogno, voglio dire se devo parlare di cuffie vado su /r/headphones non certo su /r/italiacuffie, però per certe cose "locali" sarebbe utile ci fossero più italiani
The slim doesn't struggle. It's just some games here and there. I played Horizon and I don't recall any hiccup. 

And dropping 400€ on a pro when there will be a PS5 in 2 years look worse to me than dropping 200€ on a slim (the price around here in EU) and wait... 

By the way I'm totally ok with people buying a pro, I'm planning to buy the PS VR and it would be better. The problem is I just can't stand noise. I sold my OG for a slim just for that. In fact if the PS5 will be noisy as the Pro it will be a fucking problem to me. I think I'll literally have to wait for the PS5 "slim". 

Or just surrender and play with headphones for a couple years, like when I had the OG.
Not if they want a silent console. I'm literally sexually attracted by my slim's quietness. It purrs so smoothly, oh baby
If you care about framerate get a Pro. I don't have problems with my slim, and I value complete silence while I play more than framerate, but on some games \(Fallout 4, The Last Guardian etc.\) it can get choppy from time to time. Nothing game breaking by any means, but still, if it's going to be your main gaming system just get a Pro. You'll be covered for 4K and a better PS VR experience too.
NNUUUUOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 
Sì lo fanno. Avevo chiamato io spacciandomi per mio fratello una volta (era prima che mi facessi il prime e usai il suo account per un mio ordine).

Ma dicendogli che il nuovo proprietario è cambiato secondo me non dovrebbero fare storie. D'altraparte è difficile ottenere il numero d'ordine se qualcuno non te lo da
damn allora ricordavo male o è cambiato

la prossima volta contatta l'assistenza direttamente e dagli solo il numero di ordine, così provi la mia teoria :D
Ma se non sbaglio quella procedura puoi farla solo entro i primi 30 giorni, dove è possibile fare il reso in automatico. Ma se devi gestire qualcosa in garanzia devi comunque passare all'assistenza via mail, chat o telefono e far fare a loro la cosa "manualmente". Almeno in passato è stato così. 

A quel punto *credo* che dicendogli il n. di ordine e che hai comprato il prodotto dal precedente proprietario non ci siano problemi. Però non ho mai provato :D
If money are tight \(or you like to play in silence, as the Pro is quite noisy\), then just get a slim. I've got one and I enjoy everything perfectly fine. If you're really gonna like the ecosystem just upgrade to a PS5 in a couple years
Sì si può fare anche così, ma ti obbliga ad interagire con il futuro proprietario. Non un grosso problema... ma credo che se mi capiterà gli passo il PDF dell'ordine, con il n. di riferimento di Amazon, ma togliendo i miei dati (nome a parte magari). Se Amazon riconosce l'ordine non credo gli interessi a chi fosse intestato ai tempi. Però sì sarebbe da provare
E allora che nuove elezioni siano. E chissenefrega di cosa fa il PD, tanto si fa bene a stare all'opposizione, inutile sperare in altro in questo periodo storico. Speriamo che uno tra 5S o la destra arrivi al 40&#37; e via.
Dovrebbe esserlo. D'altraparte se compro al supermercato una televisione, e la vendo ad un'altro dandogli lo scontrino, nessuno saprà che l'avevo presa io \(magari pagata in contanti\). Idem un'auto, se compro una Kia con 7 anni di garanzia e la vendo dopo 2 anni mi aspetto che il nuovo proprietario usi gli altri 5.

Il problema per me è quando compro qualcosa su Amazon e poi voglio rivenderla. Senza dargli i miei dati personali come potrà il nuovo proprietario usufruire della garanzia?
Chiedigli com'è possibile che sentano il gusto del peperoncino anche se se ne infilano una fettina in culo
Try cleaning the fan. If it's still noisy your best bet is to buy an original Nidec fan off eBay \(not the Delta, that is the noisy one\) and change it, along with the thermal pad. Consider that a slim is 4 times quieter, if you can snatch one used you'll have an incredibly quiet gaming system. I sold my OG just for that silence, and playing without hearing the console is amazing
All/most camera detect infrared \(even your cellphone\). I think that it if was a problem they could have added an IR filter themselves
Looks like the "remaster" of Dark Souls II. I can't like it after BB and DSIII, and I also think the "original" version was more atmospheric. Darker and more brownish. These remaster look too bright and greenish, they have a strange moldy look.
If you're able to log in I'd definitely change the password and enable two factors authentication 
My bad :D but it was an art expo. But what I meant is look at movie posters of those years, and graphic design in general. Saul Bass, Paul Rand etc. Contemporary graphic design in movie posters and business isn't that clean nowadays. There's hardly anything minimal or conceptual anymore. Probably because owners are afraid regular people will not understand or be "wowed" by something with that style. There are exceptions but the majority is like that

source: designer, of course
In those years global graphic design quality peaked. We’ll never see anything this good anymore
I don't think we'll get all that goodness in PSVR2 with PS5, it will be better of course, but for wireless and shit I think it's more a PSV3 and PS6 thing, it's a lot of tech to have the bandwidth, battery, lightness etc. to do everything
[amazon.it](https://amazon.it) also only have the V1 PS VR... and most physical store chains too, looks like it's a slow seller over here
The Pro isn't quieter than the OG. It's pretty much on par, or more silent than an OG with a Delta fan. But a Pro with a Delta fan, instead than a Nidec, will be definitely bothersome and noisy like a jet on many games. The slim, that's the quiet one.
heh, amazon in my country only has the old ones, and they're 20€ cheaper than gs \(and in the gs website they still have the old photo, I'd have to go there physically to check\)
Pensandoci la parola giusta dovrebbe essere “rovinanti”, però fa schifo :/
Curiosità seria per statistica personale, cosa ne pensi di un italiano che fa un figlio con una donna di colore?
This (ehehe this invece di questo, perché delle contaminazioni me ne batto il cazzo)

Comunque proporrei il neologismo ROVINAZIONI

Naturalmente però continuerò a dire spoilerare
Nope EU here! At last good hunter
I shat my pants with that game on 2D. In VR I think I could just die by heart attack :D
Thanks, you reminded me that this is available since yesterday in my country. Going to buy it today!
Nope... no way, it needs an USB port to transfer data
They steal accounts all the time. Enable two factors authentication, and keep a strong password. You can wake up one morning with some Russian that changed your password, and bye bye all of your games and personal data. Giving your account to others is against Sony's terms of service, so you can be sure that's not legit. You can pm me the site if you want, I can check it out. But probably the reviews are fake. Or maybe it works but it's still a "service" that must rot in hell. Try googling "websitename \+ scam" or something similar and read what they say around
Yeah, it's not a delay I think, it's just that it has a weird acceleration curve. It's very non\-linear, it starts moving slowly then it moves super fast. The resulting feeling is muddy/laggy. I've yet to see if sensitivity can be adjusted
the new ones with micro usb are very rare indeed
They're all coming from stolen psn accounts. Don't give money to those scum. 
Analizzo quali pensieri mi fanno stare giù di morale. La mente pensa sempre, di continuo. Il problema è che il 90&#37; di quello che pensa sono bugie. Bugie su un futuro che ancora non esiste \(e se va male? e se sbaglio? non so cosa fare ecc.\). Bugie su un passato che, in quanto immodificabile, non ha più importanza \(ho sbagliato, dovevo fare diversamente ecc.\) Bugie su di te \(non so fare niente, faccio schifo ecc.\). Non è che essere tristi faccia avere brutti pensieri. È il portare avanti brutti pensieri senza fermarli che porta ad emozioni tristi. 

Alla lunga, o per altri motivi \(genetici\) gli scompensi chimici possono diventare così gravi dall'essere necessario, in un primo momento, l'aiuto di farmaci. Ma a quel punto sarai già da uno psicologo. 

In una prima fase è utile abituarsi ad analizzare i pensieri, ed etichettarli come "falsi". Altra cosa, la gente crede che pensare sia positivo. Che così si "pianifichi il futuro". In realtà pensare è quasi sempre deleterio. Prova a goderti il momento e non arrovellarti su niente. La tua vita non peggiorerà di sicuro, ma probabilmente migliorerà. Poi io medito e questo mi ha abituato ad identificare tutti i pensieri mentre li faccio, ma non è una cosa indispensabile.

Poi in generale non va bene "pensare ad altro", perché non si fa altro che aggirare un problema che rimane \(e se c'è bisogna o risolverlo, o accettare le cose come stanno\). Ma all'inizio può essere utile proprio non pensarci, per un po'. Giusto finché non si sta meglio.
In pratica dicendo apertamente la verità li ha messi con le spalle al muro. E a questo punto hanno dovuto fare quello che hanno fatto. 
It’s just the external drive that must use a single USB port from the PS4, and won’t work through an usb hub. But the other things like wheel headphone dongle etc. will work with a multi port hub
Only non-gold users’ data is sold though
I only knew "his" spin toward the end, not the whole method. By the way I used pulse pour for a long time, in various ways, but I recently noticed I'm more consistent and getting good brews with continuous pour for some reason. I typically do 18 grams with 300 grams of water so 16,666667
I'm finally getting consistent results with my method. It's a mix of simpler and advanced techniques.

I tend to grind coarser than most, it helps with light coffees \(the only ones I like with pour over\), which aren't as soluble as medium/dark roasts and tend to clog otherwise.

* I grind at 2:9 on an Aergrind for reference
* I pour just off the boil water from the Hario kettle to warm both the V60 itself, the server and the cups. I then discard the water
* I put the coffee in, and pour 3x the weight of the coffee in water, and I gently stir the coffee \(with the Aeropress  spatula\) until well soaked and no dry clogs of coffee are present
* I then start pouring the water from the Hario kettle, which I hadn't put on the stove again. The water temp is close to 96°C at this point, which is perfect because it will go down when it touches the ambient temperature coffee and warm V60
* I just do one continuous pour, from center till running through edges, a couple of times. I try to be as slow as possible. When the water reaches the 16,7 ratio I stop. The V60 would be generally full of water and will continue flowing down
* When the V60 is half full of water I will gently do a Rao's spin, to catch the coffee chunks stuck up on the filter, and making it a nice horizontal flat bed of coffee when the water finish draining

And there you go, a great cup everytime. Pulse pour would give me bitter results more often than ever. The initial stir is very important, as dry coffee spots are hard to see, and the Rao's spin at the end really makes for a great bed.

Also it's almost impossible not to get bitter cups with a medium/dark roast coffee. Better use immersion methods for those, it's harder to overextract that way.
199$? holy moly, that bundle is still 349€ in europe
Of course, because an usb3 external drive is far more fast than the slow Sata 2 internal connection of the OG/slim \(instead it's Sata 3 over USB 3 on the Pro\). Also the bigger the drive the faster it gets, because the data is more packed and "dense" on the platters, and the head needs to move less to read them.
It's when I read these news that I don't know if I have to buy the PSVR now or wait a couple years...
it's its new price, and with the new price cut the bundle kit is 299€
forse perchè DEVIANO I FOTONI??!!111oneone
eh ma vedi, se la percentuale di religiosi cala ma poi continuano ad essere credenti \(in magia, fantasmi o altro\) siamo punto e a capo

manca cultura scientifica e senso critico in sto paese
come tutti i liberi professionisti un cazzo, è solo chi lavora con i privati che fa facilmente nero, non chi lavora per enti pubblici o aziende medio\-grandi, come tanti consulenti e liberi professionisti

sta cosa mi fa girare i coglioni perché i liberi professionisti sono particolarmente inculati dal fisco \(vedi anticipi delle tasse per l'anno prossimo\), mentre il loro guadagno medio è sui 15k€ lordi all'anno \(e ne conosco tanti che fatturano così senza fare nero\)
sì, comunque prima di vedere questo video non avevo paura dei dentisti
significa /sarcasm e mi sembra di capire sapesse già benissimo come usarlo :D
ottimo tip quello di non usare dentifrici sbiancanti, mi sono sempre chiesto se fossero dannosi
Non un dentista ma imparato a mie spese, quando un dente ti fa male è andato, significa che la carie ha intaccato la polpa interna e va devitalizzato \(svuotato e tolto il nervo fino alla radice\), e col tempo diventerà più fragile degli altri e potrà rompersi \(capitato anche questo dopo alcuni anni\). Vai prima che puoi a farteli mettere a posto, che se non è troppo tardi li salvi. Se aspetti ancora rischi devitalizzazione, poi rottura, magari capsula o se è proprio andato sono da togliere e fare impianti. Not worth it.
My 2TB internal drive is almost full too, those damn great ps plus games nowadays are sucking it up like nothing 
I'm not sure that bringing gambling in GTS would be a good idea... it's so close to "a sense of pride and accomplishment"
italy pizza mamma mia
Because it's almost noon in Europe. In fact I'm pretty hungry 
Yep, I had an OG chassis B, loud as hell since new. I exchanged it after a few days, and the new one was barely better, but I kept it. I had to play with headphones for 1,5 years. Then I sold it and bought a slim as soon as it came out. I was lucky, this is really silent. To me silence is important for immersion. I'd really wanted to buy a Pro \(even because I want to try VR now\), but I won't be able to stand its noise. That is why I know so much about Pro noise, even if I don't own one :D And yeah I don't understand Sony. And Microsoft. This shit is going on since the xbox 360, you can find video of both fans manufacturers for it too on youtube. Some variability is ok, but the Delta/Nidec difference is just too much. And yeah Sony should care more about noise in any case. There's no reason for the pro to be so loud. Make it bigger, I don't think people would care. But noise is indeed a problem
Comunque a me hanno chiesto di dichiarare anche una di quelle postepay senza iban
Genty CHE CAZZO FAI :facepalm:
You MUST

And you won’t be stuck just for 10 minutes, the first 4-5 hours will be hell. But then! Oh baby. You’ll get better. After your 100th death you’ll have learnt. You’ll start to literally enjoy that ass clenching feeling of mortality after every corner. And there’s oh so much to discover. It’s one of the absolute best games ever made for the PS4. I’m a lousy player but I still platinumed it, everybody can (and should).
Se non togliamo oggi i crocefissi dai muri, non potremo lamentarci quando un domani la prossima maggioranza religiosa ci vorrà appendere qualcos'altro. È così dannatamente semplice da capire.
Sorry I meant three hard drives in total, and yeah he just need one external in an usb3 enclosure 
How are you liking it? I've a slim too and plan on buying it soon
Well this was a good read, I have my SSD external for some weeks and it's going strong. It's an old 850EVO which I didn't use so it's better there than rotting in a drawer. Will report if performance start to degrade
Yes, the Pro is a noisy system. But also Sony uses two manufacturers for the fans, Delta and Nidec. There's roughly a 50&#37; chance to get one or the other. So if you happen to have a Delta, your Pro will be noisier than a Nidec one.

Proof: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngjR8\_7QMac](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngjR8_7QMac)
Oh ok. Then yes, the external drive will work. But I’m not sure you can swap in the old internal drive and make it work. I fear that once you install a new drive and it encrypts all the data in it, when you install an older one it will ask to reformat it, like it doesn’t recognize the old encryption keys. But verify this info because I’m not sure. 
No because an external hard drive doesn’t have the full firmware installed. You can’t put inside a once external drive and make it work. And an internal one won’t work without being formatted first. It’s just easier to do a full back on a third external drive, put the new one inside, then reimport everything 
He isn’t right on pretty much everything so it must be real
Already tried rebuilding database from safe boot?
And microwave to dry it
I won’t do it and instead use the current situation to cure my OCD. Don’t want to be harsh or anything but I’m starting to go against my very mild OCD and it’s getting better
Only GPU wise, but it’s still very CPU limited as the OG. Games go faster but definitely not 4 times faster. 
I preferred to buy a slim 1,5 years ago, selling the old jumbo jet when it still had value. Your best bet is to buy an original Nidec fan (you probably have a Delta, which is the jet noisy one). And while you’re there reapply thermal pad. But the fan is the main culprit. It’s a delicate work though, and it still won’t be as silent as a slim (which is 4 times less, or half than a pro).

Cooling fan won’t help, moreover they usually mount cheap Chinese fans which are as noisy as the one on the PlayStation 
You have a much more silent system, with the Pro you'll hear a constant and loud "whoosh" while playing. If you don't use it on a 4K screen you are just losing on a little framerate. Noticeable but not dramatic. I purposely bought a slim a little more than a year ago and I never regretted it. There are no "hiccups" or game breaking framerate drops on the slim, 99&#37; of the time, in any game I ever tried \(plenty\) 
hope the guy/girl's voice is paid in royalty each time they use it, and not just that one time...
beh, tenuto conto che reddit di suo sembra uscito dal 2004 è sempre futuro..
In teoria niente css custom, ai tempi c'era stata una mezza rivoluzione di utenti che lo preferivano. Questo è il futuro.
boh, lo uso da qualche settimana in alpha e lo adoro, l'unica cosa che non mi pace è che è leggermente più lento a renderizzare le pagine, ma per il resto bomba, non potrei mai tornare indietro. Il fatto che la colonna dei thread sia più stretta è meglio, perché l'occhio legge meglio righe con una 60ina di caratteri. Il fatto di avere poche righe larghissime era una merda, dal punto di vista della leggibilità. È anche tutto molto più chiaro e contemporaneo e leggibile. Credo che per i nuovi utenti sarà un'enorme vantaggio. Ovviamente non è ancora "pronto", ci sono tanti piccoli bug, ma la direzione è quella giusta IMHO
Yes. I knew the pitstop trick \(bad bad bug to use\), and the thing with an online room, where you setup a race, make someone join and then pause the menu, and the car will go and collect mileage

Or you mean you just race that oval track multiple times?
I had some coffee in its valve bag for 2\-3 months, which I hermetically closed each time. It was still pretty good.

Source: I basically only drink light roast Ethiopians
Wait, I didn't know of that. How do you do it?
Perché radicali no? Sono comunque l’approssimazione più vicina imho
Until it isn’t easily tied to my real identity (and that’s up to me, based on how much I say about myself) I’d be fine with it. I don’t care if they build a profile out of my “username” and target specific ads. It’s also why I have multiple Facebook accounts, and I don’t write what I really think with my real profile 
permanent
maybe visor only, this is the whole bundle
Great, so next time it will be on sale for 199$!
you forgot "clench your butthole hoping everything will still be working"
And you already checked that remote play is turned on in your profile settings right?
And this is why they made Vertu

But regular phones were actually better
No problem! And I guess you already know https://www.reddit.com/r/headphones/ :D
You'll probably lose some bass without a proper amp \(or a good motherboard\), but those beauties shall sound fine anyway =\)
Yes, 38 Ohms is pretty common even for "smartphone" or mobile headphones, you should definitely be fine
:brofist:
I don't get it either. If you want to win it's too slow, it's better to land away and wait and sneak. If you want action you kind of get killed randomly, because there's so much people in some places. But the real dealbreaker to me is the cartoony art direction. I prefer realism. Maybe I'll like PUBG when it will land on PS4
I got an old Samsung 850 EVO and its fine. Just get an 860 EVO, or a Crucial MX300/500. Then an USB 3 Inateck external case with UASP, and you're good to go.
I don't know, I have only my main profile on it and it works fine. You need two things AFAIK:

1. The PS4 must be set as primary to your account
2. You have to enable Remote Play on the PS4 in (Settings) > [Remote Play Connection Settings]

https://remoteplay.dl.playstation.net/remoteplay/lang/en/index.html

hope you sort it out!
I don't know, I think it's a matter of preference. The golds aren't super sealing and I use them at a low volume, so I need just a hint of side note to hear myself fine and not feeling strange like when you talk and don't hear yourself :D
External drives are the same speed as internal, on the Pro, and are faster than internal on slim/OG \(because internally those are SATA2, and USB3 is actually faster\)
No problems here on High Sierra. Looks like a problem with the controller. Can you try with another, and an other usb cable too? Connection should be fine, if you can reach the dashboard
Well, then possibly. I have the “old” golds and to me the side tone is fine, I keep it at the lowest volume
They are very new and the reviews are sparse yet. Theoretically it's improved (double mics etc.): https://www.playstation.com/en-us/explore/accessories/audio-and-communication/gold-wireless-headset/
Noticeably but not dramatically
I'm good with the Sony Gold. They just released the new ones.
Buy a Nidec original fan off eBay \(not a Delta one, those are noisier, Sony uses both manufacturers randomly\), change it, and reapply thermal paste \(the fan is more important but the thermal paste too\). Enjoy a quieter PS4
Io ascolto molta musica contemporanea non pop, immagina trip hop, industrial, indie elettronico, downtempo, alternativa, anche rock nelle salse più strane. In questo AM è super indietro. Poi le playlist fatte da umani anche ci stanno, ma non c'è mai niente di particolare dentro, è tutto molto già sentito. In sostanza in un mese non ho mai scoperto niente di nuovo. È da 3 giorni che ho riaperto spotify e ho già aggiunto una 20ina di brani bellissimi che non avrai mai trovato altrimenti. Per me, purtroppo, AM fa schifo. Però è ancora molto giovane come prodotto, e Spotify ha avuto anni per affinarsi, confido che Apple coprirà le distanze.
Apple Music mi consiglia musica dei generi giusti, ma solo brani che vanno di moda e che senti per radio ecc., che trovo noiosissimi e banali proprio per quello. Spotify, oltre ad avere molte più playlist automatiche di AM (discover weekly, digging now, release radar, il tuo daily mix ecc.), mi fa scoprire molti artisti underground e bravissimi ma poco noti. Alcuni di questi non sono nemmeno presenti su AM. Adoro Apple per tutto, ma in questo caso la sua indole prettamente consumer, fatta di scelte convenzionali, collaudate, che "piacciono a più gente possibile", la vedo tutta. Spero che migliori, o forse 1 mese di prova e circa 3000 miei brani preferiti importati non gli sono bastati per profilare i miei gusti... 
Mah, ho appena finito un ulteriore mese gratis dopo l'altro mese gratis al suo esordio. Non ho rinnovato. L'interfaccia fa schifo, sia come usabilità che esteticamente. Le tracce sono lente a partire, c'è qualche millisecondo di ritardo ad ogni cambio traccia rispetto a Spotify, è poco ma lo noto. Le playlist preimpostate sono banali, molto commerciali e "pop". Vanno bene per un ascoltatore medio, ma su Spotify scopro molti più gruppi/cantanti strani e sconosciuti, che adoro. Anche dopo un mese di "training", e dopo aver importato tutte i miei brani preferiti da Spotify tramite SongShift (che tra l'altro ci ha messo un po'), le playlist personalizzate per me erano solo 2, e molto banali. L'unica cosa positiva è che di quasi tutte le tracce c'è disponibile il testo. A parte questo, niente. Ha davvero ancora troppissima strada da fare. Per mia fortuna non ho un Apple Watch né un HomePod, che sono gli unici motivi per cui in futuro, semmai, dovrò fare Apple Music. Spero che lo migliorino nel frattempo perché a parità di costo con Spotify non c'è storia, che tra l'altro è godibile anche nella versione free con pubblicità (non lo uso da smartphone per cui non ho problemi sulle tracce solo a random).
You most probably have dust in your PS4, and a Delta fan, which is noisier. Sony uses two manufacturers for the fan, Delta and Nidec. If I were you I would buy an original Nidec fan off eBay, and mount it. I would also change the thermal paste. But most of the noise of PS4s \(OG/Slim/Pro\) come from Delta fans, which are noisier even when brand new. Proof: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngjR8\_7QMac](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngjR8_7QMac)
Sono un utente Apple che spera tanto che Apple Music arrivi al livello di Spotify, ma manca ancora tanto, tantissimo tempo
This is gorgeous

source: graphic designer
You're young, don't rush this entrepreneurial thing. You make a lot of money, just try saving the more you can. Having funds available and being able to run months without a wage will help tremendously when you'll start a business. Also in which field do you work? Try to think if there could be something to create for your field. Or you can start a more "safe" business, in a franchise maybe. But don't rush it, and yeah everybody trying this path feels like you sooner or later, finding our way is part of the process
I use an Amazon Basics one. It's good, other than after roughly 4 minutes it autoshuts off...
Nope, the Aergrind is worth way more than that, there's no point to get an Handground just to save 50$. Get a Feld2, or a Lido \(but they both cost more\). Or it's just better to get an Hario Skerton Pro
I tried most of them, the L'OR brand is the only one on par with the original ones, both in taste and in compatibility. I prefer the milder taste, but there are some pretty strong ones too

edit: vedo ora la nazionalità :D ciao amico

translation: I now see the nationality :D hi mate
beh almeno gli hanno cambiato nome
You’re welcome, and yes let me know! I’d really like to try the HD6XX, they’re supposedly smooth but who knows..
There was a thread a few days ago, he was still logged on the phone app, and erasing the account on the PS4 he was able to recover the account from the app (I don’t remember how) 
Hehehe
Yep, some of us just can't enjoy some cans. I had the X2 and had to return them, as I found them piercing in the treble (I think it was that 10k spike). I loved the open sound though, and comfort. I read that the X1 were bassier and warmer, sadly they weren't sold anymore :\ I think I would have liked them better. Take care of them! =)
Lol wat mate :\\ I'm planning to buy some 6XX too someday, but nothing will beat \(eheh, beat\) my Beats for everyday wireless use. I already had the X2 with some E10K, sadly the treble was piercing to me.
ah, la cara vecchia chiesa e i governi di destra, preparatevi perché sarà così anche da noi
Yep, it's normal. With every Playstation \(OG, Slim, Pro etc.\) you have a 50&#37; chance for it to have a Delta manufactured fan, which is noisier than the Nidec manufactured fan \(Sony uses both manufactures interchangeably and randomly\).

Then, of course, the Pro is a noisy system, but if you can hear it even with headphones you most probably have a Delta. The Nidec is more bearable

A couple of videos to make me clear.

Delta/Nidec difference:

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngjR8\_7QMac](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngjR8_7QMac)

OG/Slim/Pro difference:

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MNNR0FnHtmQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MNNR0FnHtmQ)
DOOM was never a PS Plus game 🧐
Well, the balanced/bright tuning of audiophile headphones isn't for everyone. I'm treble sensitive, and  I prefer a fuller sound anyway. This doesn't mean "consumer" tuned headphones aren't good. Beats themselves aren't a marketing trap anymore (well yeah, they were). They started being good from the Solo^2 in 2014. They are full on bass and mids and with soft treble. Exciting and smooth, a non-fatiguing "consumer" tuning. They are worth their often discounted price. The drives themselves are good, great resolution, just reduced volume on some frequencies. And more balanced than you might think. Read some Innerfidelity review. The Beats EP sound great. I have the Solo^3, I am treble sensitive (and an Apple user) so I really didn't have much choice. I take literally weeks of battery autonomy out of them, and have a bluetooth range that is unparalleled. Do I use them for "analytical" listening? Of course not, but for 190€ they're very worth their price. Only pair similarly good (or even better sounding) I found are the Sennheiser 4.40/4.50BT, which cost similar or a little less. But aren't as convenient for Apple users, with less autonomy and range, and possibility more worrisome treble wise for my ears.Beats deserved their bad rep in the "audiophile" community and I get that it will be hard to shrug it off now, but for their intended audience they are great (I'm a grown up man which use them at home, so the brand means nothing to me and I'm not actually the target customer :D ).Of course you'll hear more "details" in music with the sound magic, so yeah you chose wisely =)
Aggiungici la canapa e hai il mio voto
I got my first matcha, and it looks like the one on the left \(it was cheap, 5€ for 30 grams\). It does taste like seaweed. Is it the "good" one as fishy?
Graphic Design
Comunque di inglese ha solo il nome e in caso i dipendenti, la società è di fatto americana
Oltre alle cose già detto aggiungo il discorso newsletter, chi era solito "rastrellare" indirizzi web a cui mandare le proprie newsletter, dovrà dimostrare che le persone hanno dato il consenso \(e quando\) a ricevere date comunicazioni. Naturalmente dovranno anche potersi disiscrivere. C'era un webinar di Iubenda l'altro giorno, dovrebbe trovarsi online lo stream o le slide, che riassumeva abbastanza bene le cose. Per le aziende medio/piccole si riduce a non farsi fregare i dati sensibili degli utenti \(es. e\-commerce che viene bucato\) oppure stare attenti a come si sono ottenuti indirizzi per le newsletter
This conversation is getting too deep
Yes, but internally is routed through USB (so basically to the system is like an external drive).

SATA 3 and USB 3 are not dramatically different though, there will be no difference using a mechanical drive, and just a little difference using an SSD

OG and slim instead are still SATA 2 (the real bottleneck, even if afterwards it goes to the system through USB3), so an SSD mounted internally will be very limited to SATA 2 speeds. This is why on OG and slim anything external will be faster than internal
Didn't know that, very useful. I had an EVO on a MacBook, using bluetooth, which had no problems though. Of course it could be different for a Playstation 
Yes it's worth it and it transfers data faster than mounting it internally. It's just a bit inconvenient having an USB occupied and a thingy dangling around
SATA 3 is faster than USB3, but IIRC internally the hard drive on all playstations, including the Pro, are router through USB \(or even slightly slower\), so actually an SSD on an external enclosure is slightly faster than internally \(I saw a video on youtube with comparisons\)

It's also faster on the OG and slim, because they have SATA 2 controllers internally which are slower than USB3.

So yeah, external is always better, as strange as it sounds
Naah, he's cool, he knows a large percentage of "believers" just go to church once a year, and do whatever they want the rest of the year. By the way yeah Easter is a catholic holiday. But I'm atheist so yeah, I just party
Me too, I remember having it since being a kid. I had my hearing tested recently and I'm ok in all frequencies. I ignored it for YEARS, I think since I was 15 till I was 35, when I started getting into headphones. Actually paying attention to little details in music made me notice the tinnitus again. I don't think we'll ever grow out of it. But I remember having it seldomly, maybe once a week or less. It's very important not to care about it. If your brain doesn't give a fuck, it erases it out. It's a mindset thing I think.
Haha what? We have the pope over here. We're kind of hypocritical so we aren't that catholic, but you can bet your ass we won't go to work/school for easter. Partyyyyyyy 🍾🍾🍾
Search and buy for an original Nidec fan. 

Sony uses two manufacturers for the fan. Nidec and Delta. The Delta fans are slightly different and way more noisier. It's still a problem even on the Pro and the Slim, you have a 50&#37; chance to get a Delta fan and a more noisy system. If you have a Delta fan you can change thermal paste and clean dust how much you want, it will always be noisy
Non ho mai visto sconti esclusivi per Prime su Amazon. A volte lockano dei prodotti come "disponibile solo per utenti Prime", ma è una banfa che fanno a random, dopo 1\-2 giorni tornano ad essere disponibili a tutti come sempre
\> justwatch.com

WOW, non conoscevo, mi sono sempre chiesto se esistesse un servizio del genere
lo pago esclusivamente per prime video, se riesco a vedere tutto quello che mi manca magari lo annullo :D
I don’t think a right wing would watch that anyway, they need fear to justify their worldview
I have it but I haven't used it in months. I'm too lazy to sell it, but I enjoy getting rid of old stuff \(I'm kind of a minimalist, if I don't use something in 1 year it means I don't need it\)
Did you set the controller to USB connection? Otherwise even if you connect the cable it continues using bluetooth, you just happen to charge it while you use it
You can tune the equalization in the companion ps4 app, you want FULL TREBLE? No problem. I got the "old" golds and they sound full and balanced. They actually sound pretty good for the price. I also have 300$ headphones so can compare \(not Beats\)
It's a fake email that wants you to go to their site and input your password, so basically they want you to cooperate in stealing your account :D

Just trash it, Sony won't ask you to change your password. Also you have 2fa which is good
La lingua muta secondo i tempi e deve seguire le consuetudini. È pieno di parole italiane che sono la derivazione di parole in altre lingue \(e viceversa, vedi pepperoni negli USA per chiamare il salamino sulla pizza..\). Se anche ci si inventasse una parola italiana per dire "targetizzazione" non la capirebbe e userebbe nessuno. L'inglese è la lingua più usata al mondo e le altre lingue cambieranno di conseguenza, è inevitabile e \*giusto\*, imho.
Isn't distilled water unsafe to drink?
My slim is warm at the touch, I seldomly hear the fan. It's a very quiet and cool system, especially compared to the OG and the Pro. You had a defective unit, or maybe it was just the normal smell of a new device, coupled with hot environment \(was it summer?\) or bad positioning \(not enough space around it\)
Onestamente non so, Reddit è di un'anti\-intuitività disarmante, anche quando l'ho mostrato a gente "giovane" non ci hanno capito un cazzo. Poi se è sveglio e si dedica ce la può fare eh, ma non sarà facile
Thanks for letting us know!
If you are lucky, you have just fucked the hard drive, and installing a new one with a fresh OS install will be fine \(you will have lost all of your data and save games of course, hopefully you have them backed up on the cloud with ps plus\). If you're unlucky there's something else broken \(maybe a cracked motherboard\) so yeah, it will cost less to just buy a new one.
I found it to be one of the hardest honestly XD
Sadly no, it lacks examples of commercial/product photography. You just have some pretty pictures of city/nature, which are nice \(a bit too toned\) but doesn't really interest a business.
Fun fact: Barbarella was an italian pornstar famous in the '90s, I didn't actually know she might have chosen the name from this
They should just create a new brand, under which publish the worthy stuff

Buzzfeed itself will always be seen as shitty
Perlopiù è gente che fa una vita di merda e con problemi di autostima. Usano l'insulto per sentirsi più forti, la loro piccola rivincita su una vita ingiusta. A volte non riesco a trattenermi dall'insultarli a mia volta in maniera passivo aggressiva. In quel modo in cui tante volte nemmeno si rendono conto che li stai insultando perché sono troppo stupidi per capirlo. Ma a mia discolpa dentro di me provo compassione per loro, non sono un senza cuore.
Sto leggendo i commenti ma per la maggiorparte sono positivi, c'è qualche povero coglione che insulta ma mi sembra meno del solito. Ho comunque segnalato i commenti a Youtube come incitanti la violenza
the spit in the end was great
It's pretty unusual, especially in the north. It might be ok but pay attention
This is why I stop installing the apps that require the password, unless I’m really sure the developer is safe/or I really really need it
It's very often on sale for 15€/15$. Who does buy games on the PSN at full price anyway? And it's on sale physically everywhere, has been for months. At that price is more than worth it.
Why would you preorder any game.

Try Bloodborne first
I really wish to know if they both will keep working on the PS5
> Ah, okay. Unless there was a translation issue that I'm missing -- I don't speak Italian -- it seems like the M5S improperly labeled a new welfare cash benefit program as "UBI/Citizen's Income" instead of what it is: an expanded unemployment/disability cash benefit program. So M5S seems to have improerly sold the program, and voters seem to have responded to the label instead of the substance of the program. (In practice, it doesn't seem that much different from what the PD was proposing, except the M5S did a much better job of branding and marketing their cash welfare program proposal than the PD, it seems!) When I read a M5S blog post about the initiative, it was described in a way as comparable to a normal welfare program in a normal European country.

Yes, they still call it "citizenship income". They only recently laid out the rules by which it should work. And in the beginning Beppe Grillo (the comedian that founded the movement) used to say that every citizen deserve a State income just because they are citizens. So that's the idea on the mind of most of their voters. They'll slowly catch up of course, but in the meantime they got the votes.

> I think it depends on how it's implemented. Everybody thought Portugal's socialists would destroy Portugal, but now Portugal's Keynesian approach -- rolling back austerity, increasing unemployment benefits, etc. -- has improved economic growth in the country by increasing demand.

But I too think it isn't an entirely flawed concept. It just is hard/too soon to implement right now. I think the portugal's way is the only way to save us. But it will be hard. Europe fucked us in the 2011 by forcing us to increase austerity. In Italy we are great in many things, but we have a spending problem and a cultural problem. Many Italians don't pay taxes and try to fuck the system. What would happen with a "cash benefit program" (and happens nowadays with what we have) is that many will work jobs by being paid cash, and then still getting the State cash benefit for unemployment. We need to get our shit together.

> Yes, let's see what happens. M5S could be a giant disaster, but I also think it could be a pleasant surprise, closer to the Portuguese socialists or France's En Marche.
> I do think that M5S is more serious about governing than the Lega, what with Salvini still talking about a "plan B" to leave the euro, using abusive language about the EU, and snapping pics with Nigel Farage.

I don't know if M5S deserve to govern or will, in the end. With our most recent election law, which provides for coalitions, M5S isn't the one with most votes. It's the right wing (Lega + Forza Italia (Berlusconi)) which "won". Of course they took a lot of votes so probably we will end up with a mixed govern (Lega + M5S as from the most recent news). We'll see.

> Italy is an inefficient country, it would destroy us.
> In many ways, yes, but you also do some things quite well and efficiently: namely health care (one of the world's most efficient public health systems) and rail transport.

Well, yes. The thing that pisses me off is that we could do *so much more*. But as I said, I think it's a culture problem and that is slow to change.

Cheers!

Because it was sold to them as UBI. Most of the people who voted for them is coming from the poorest part of the country, mostly young and unemployed, and they don’t really know how the movement itself conceived it. If they had, they wouldn’t have voted for them.

But even considering their proposal, we don’t have the money. Italy is an inefficient country, it would destroy us. This is why I said it’s a dream. 

But let’s see what happens, I’m curious too like many others
This is so perfect 
Nope, this time it was +Europa http://piueuropa.eu which promoted it. It derives from the "Radicali" party http://www.radicali.it , which historically has fought in the past to give Italy cultural progress with divorce, abortion, a fair prison, laicism, women liberation etc.

The Five Star movement is more focused on populism and fake dreams like universal income
Yep, we love being hypocrites
It's strange because theoretically the 650s should be noticeably mellower than the other two. I never tried them but I had the X2, which I had to return because the highs were piercing to me. I hope the 650 are softer because I think I'll end up buying them sooner or later. 
To be sure you're not using drugs anymore
È un po' troppo bianco e contrastato, magari lo ammorbidiranno un po'. In ogni caso hanno già detto che stanno lavorando anche ad un tema dark.

Comunque con il menù sulla sinistra aperto (dove puoi saltare ad ogni sub velocemente, invece di cliccare in alto come ora nel default) è molto comodo. Anche la tipografia è molto migliore. Poi c'è comunque un po' di personalizzazione anche per i subreddit, es. questo è quello sulle cuffie:

[Imgur](https://i.imgur.com/RhXCkQY.jpg)

Se uno vuole provarlo deve abilitare le funzioni beta dal menù preferenze utente, poi qui https://www.reddit.com/r/beta/ da qualche parte c'è un thread dove iscriversi alla versione alpha che poi si raggiunge da qui http://alpha.reddit.com (io avevo messo il mio nome utente in un foglio google gestito dagli admin, ma era tempo fa)
open the current enclosure, carefully extract the hard drive, buy this [https://www.amazon.com/Inateck\-Enclosure\-Optimized\-Tool\-Free\-FE2010/](https://www.amazon.com/Inateck-Enclosure-Optimized-Tool-Free-FE2010/)  and insert the hard disk. BOOM, usb3 external drive
\[Imgur\]\([https://i.imgur.com/5WdJEFC.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/5WdJEFC.jpg)\)
ma non dovevano ridurre le ore ai dipendenti e assumere un sacco di giovani... 
Alien Isolation is like the night in Dying Light, but just every second of it. You're gonna shit your pants
Stick close to it on the right, onto his left leg, and keep staying close and beating his leg/ass, use a fast close quarter weapon like the Saw Cleaver in it's "closed" state. Keep beating and staying close and it should be down in no time. Eventually you'll "get" this game. I know it's hard, and the first area is particularly punishing. But please keep going, it gets so much better, you're gonna love it so damn much.
Per ora è in alpha, ma nel giro di qualche mese ho paura che diventerà il default per tutti. Resistere è futile.

Lato usabilità è bellissima. Ma ci vuole poco perché reddit di suo è davvero una merda. Unica cosa per ora è leggermente meno reattiva. Clicchi qualcosa e non è istantaneo, c'è sempre qualche centesimo di secondo di ritardo, e te ne accorgi
fun fact: nella versione alpha del nuovo stile di reddit tutte le personalizzazioni diventano futili \(and I like it\):

\[Imgur\]\([https://i.imgur.com/13tbxnj.png](https://i.imgur.com/13tbxnj.png)\)
In 2 years the PS5 will be probably available, decide if 2 years of gaming are worth the price of a slim \(you don't really need a pro for casual gaming\)
I already read some studies about this. They had to to with the fact that the brain is still evolving well into the twenties, until 30 years of age. After 30/35 it pretty much "stabilizes" and it should be safer to use cannabis \(but it will be still psychosis inducing in predisposed individuals\)
Yep, AM still has a lot to improve to reach Spotify
Ne tengo qualcuna nella tasca destra, assieme alle chiavi dell'auto (cellulare in tasca sinistra). Qualcuna anche in auto per il parcheggio. Ma in generale per fortuna mi servono poco, pago più che posso con la carta.

*Il futuro che vorrei* sarebbe ovviamente pagamenti digitali anche per 1 euro di caffè, e parcheggi pagati via app. Ma dalle mie parte l'app fa schifo e il bancomat sotto i 10 euro è ancora visto male nei negozi più piccoli, ma ci arriveremo. A quel punto potrei girare solo con il telefono (Apple Pay ecc.) e con la patente infilata sotto la cover. Non vedo l'ora.

Io il portafoglio l'ho buttato, ne ho preso uno mini con solo una "tasca" dove ci metto pochi contanti, patente formato tessera e bancomat. Niente carta di identità che lascio a casa, niente tessere varie ecc. Se lo perdo il bancomat lo blocco \(tanto senza pin non ci fanno niente\), la patente me la faccio duplicare e i contanti chissenefrega. È anche bellissimo non avere una patacca da 3 etti attaccata al culo come una volta
Leggiti qualche libro sulla mindfulness, che aiuta \(i primi effetti dopo settimane/mesi\). Altrimenti non lo so, se te la vivi davvero male lo stress prolungato non fa bene a livello fisico \(aumento pressione ma anche depressione che porta ad altri problemi ecc.\)
The moka is easy and convenient, but you can get a better tasting concentrated coffee by using an aeropress with a similar coffee/water ratio. The problem with the moka is that is basically always over extract, so the coffee is more bitter than it should be
It's on sale in the US right? :D I told you. Sad thing, the price didn't drop here in EU yet :\\

By the way: 3 11 42 72 74 80

If you win wire me 10&#37; ;\-\)
It gets off only if you scratch them or treat them roughly
I never buy more than a few games at a time. The prices are going down anyway, so there's no point to buy a game unless you have the time to play it right now
Well the display protection layer isn't so intrusive like I thought. The cover makes it a little fatter but it's not an awful lot worse of an experience. This is why I accept the tradeoff. It's resale value will be higher and I'm happy to have a like-new phone every time
After spending so much money I would never be able to use my iPhone without any sort of case, I just like the like new look. I also like the naked experience, that's why I used a "pouch" case on my old 4S. It still looks new \(and is being used by my gf\). I have the apple leather case and screen protector on my 6S, a little less sexy to use, but I like it being like new right now
It wasn’t normal you had to enter safe mode to use the monitor though..
Your hard drive may be failing, or there are power outages while it’s in rest mode 
The Firecuda has a high failure rate sadly. Try rebuilding the database but it isn’t normal. The PS4 may have some other hardware issue also
Not every PS4 is the same. Every revision have slightly different components. Also there may be defects in some units that a firmware update makes apparent. You have been lucky (like me through the years). But it can happen to anyone
Everything is fine on my slim with 2tb hd

I would try removing the hard drive and trying a fresh install on a new drive (or just looking if it enters safe mode that way)
this sub is kind of toxic, don't consider downvotes, it's just some random 12 year old
I know it makes that impression at first. I was wary to try it for the same reason. But after a couple hours it clicks. You become better, more powerful, you start to win and get satisfactions. I wasn't giving medical advice of course :D but I'm not the only one with that feeling on the game.
Non credo dipenda dall’estero. Da Polentone trovo le persone del sud molto gioviali e simpatiche, ma anche culturalmente molto diverse. Gli interessi, le cose che piacciono, gli svaghi, il modo di pensare sono differenti, a volte in maniera sostanziale. Ho molti amici/amiche del sud che vivono al nord, sono tutti deliziosi, ma a parte parlare per lavoro o su whatsapp o quando capita, per i motivi di cui sopra non facciamo molto di più (niente uscite fuori, discorsoni ecc.)
It’s normal, keep getting gud, it’s going to be fantastic going forward 
I actually found it therapeutic. It’s something about the repetition, the fact that you will be able to beat any difficulty, the story and the fellow hunters. It has a dark vibe of course, but somehow it helped me
Fantastic, didn’t know him. But Fallout 4 gives me similar vibes
I won’t do it, you’ll wear the battery faster.
They’re about the same
As strange as it sounds, I found Bloodborne to be therapeutic. The places, the story, the combat. It’s like a dance. Hypnotic. Kind of like meditation. It teaches you that nothing is impossible, you just need to persevere.
The difference is not staggering. I would invest in PSVR first
It worked for me for most songs, but it was a very slow process
thanks, added myself to the queue, let's hope!
is there a way to reopt-in on the redesign, after it was activated by accident to some thousand users and then deactivated a few days ago? I really want to try it
Yep it's very childish (as Knack), I have an hard time playing it, as beautiful as it is visually/technically
Oh god yes, I want to see them and the diamond business rot in hell
Ok, allora continuo a usare AM finché non scade il mese gratis, oggi avevo già svaccato rispolverando il buon vecchio Spotify ma forse vale la pena tenere duro :D grazie
No no meglio non usare equalizzatori, a volte spingono i driver delle cuffie oltre le loro capacità e distorgono. Ogni modello di cuffia all'inizio richiede tempo perché il tuo cervello si abitui, ma vai tranquillo che meglio di quelle ti sarà difficile trovare =) (a parte ovviamente se vuoi molto più basso, ma in quel caso dovrai andare di chiuse)
Sì, in realtà la cosa è un po' più complicata. Non basta sentire tanto "volume" per dire che l'amplificazione è sufficiente. Nelle cuffie ad impedenza elevata (>35 Ohm circa, e la tua ne ha 150) serve più corrente per "muovere" come si deve la membrana. Però l'impedenza non è costante al variare della frequenza, solitamente ce n'è di più a frequenze basse. Ad esempio nelle 598 è così:

[Imgur](https://i.imgur.com/u8vOTUp.png)

Quindi se un amplificatore non riesce a buttare fuori abbastanza corrente succede che la cuffia suona forte lo stesso, ma nel tuo caso suonerà con meno "bassi" di quanto potrebbe se fosse amplificata correttamente.

Per inciso, non credo sia questo il tuo caso, di solito gli amp delle schede madri sono decenti come potenza. Nel tuo caso la "mancanza" di bassi è implicita nel design "aperto" delle cuffie, che non riusciranno mai a riprodurre le frequenze più basse perché gli manca la calotta che li fa rimbombare (sto semplificando abbestia). Il vantaggio delle cuffie aperte è però la spazialità, l'audio ti sembrerà molto più espansivo e non ti sembrerà originato al centro della testa.

Esempio di un paio di Sony extra bass paragonate alle tue (ogni 10 decibel in più significa che il volume raddoppia). Avere tanti bassi è bello ma sporca anche le altre frequenze però:

[Imgur](https://i.imgur.com/8mVYtWw.png)

tl;dr hai delle ottime cuffie, non hanno tanti bassi perché sono fatte così ma va benissimo, hanno una pulizia del suono e resa dei medi che per superare devi spendere almeno 250/300 euro (prendendo le HD650)
all fine here on my slim
Almost monthly. Never buy an old game on the psn store unless it's on sale.

You can check past prices on psdeals or psprices
It depends. Your coffee might be under extracted, but an increased acidity is typical of lighter (third wave) roasts, which I love.
Don't go over 35 grams of arabica beans a day (less if robusta) and you won't have major withdrawals symptoms 
Intendi le HD 598? Ma quelle sono cuffie ottime! Decisamente sentirai la differenza.

La sound card della mobo dovrebbe essere sufficiente se non hai interferenze di fondo. Quelle cuffie hanno una impedenza mediamente elevata e può essere che suonino peggio collegate a smartphone e tablet, senza un amplificatore per cuffie di mezzo
che goduria inculare sta gente
chi non usa spotify imho è solo perché non lo conosce

c'è gente che perde ancora il tuo tempo a cercarsi la musica e ascoltarsela su youtube, quando con spotify potrebbe farlo meglio e più velocemente
Dipende che cuffie usi. Con cuffie di qualità, anche economiche a partire dagli 80-100 euro in su la differenza si comincia a sentire.
La qualità di AM è sicuramente migliore di quella gratis di Spotify. Ma in teoria Spotify Premium la raggiunge. Non ho mai fatto prove dirette comunque.

Se mai prenderò HomePod o un Apple Watch mi sa che dovrò switchare anche io (non è un caso che non li facciano funzionare a dovere con Spotify :D )
Pagati con i soldi di SOROS!!!111

/s
Credo fosse un neghèr
Ma perché, fa capire meglio che tipo di uomo sia
Io sto provando Apple Music (sono completamente dentro l'ecosistema Apple), ma ha davvero tanta, tantissima strada da fare per raggiungere l'immediatezza e le funzioni di Spotify. Mi sa che prima o poi pagherò Spotify, uso la versione free su desktop e le pubblicità a tradimento mi stanno dando sintomi da PTSD
Yeah, the first thing I do with all my cars, especially the race ones, is to create a clean livery with just cool rims and paint. I like 'em cleeeean
I always do everything I can (main + side missions). I didn't do all the collectibles but I did platinum it. I usually don't have time to replay games, too many others to experience :D
https://howlongtobeat.com/game.php?id=53247
Witcher 3, fallout 4, GTA V, horizon, dying light, the far crys, ghost recon, the division
50-60 hours 
for that difference and having a 4k tv yeah, get the pro

the slim is better when it's at 200, and with no 4k tv
Damn, it was awesome. Thanks for the explanation!
Very often. I mostly do thai inspired dishes (green curry etc., with ginger soy sauce kaffir lime leaves, coconut milk etc.), or mexican (very easy, just need some smoked paprika and cumin and avocado, sometime I make my own bread), or north african (like cous cous, which we also have similar in Sicily), or kebab-like bread (arab bread). Also greek which is similar to our mediterranean style (feta, olives etc.). Also burgers. And Indian!

But yeah, most Italians are very traditional. But things are changing, now in supermarkets is way easier to get "fancy" ingredients, that weren't available at all just a couple of years ago. Our mindset is slowly opening.
I concur
same here, loved it, it was like using a reddit app on mobile, everything so nice, so fast and intuitive, hope it will be back soon
me too :\ maybe they deactivated it for everyone

it was so beautiful, felt fresh, contemporary, actual reddit is like early '00 web design 
I opted in yesterday (received a notification), I loved it. But today I'm back to the old design. How can I opt in again? I subscribed to the beta too in the preferences, to no avail
I’ll add Fallout 4 and Dying Light
Well I concur, it’s free so no complaints but I don’t like the cartoonish art direction. As I don’t like the Overwatch one. I like games which are a simulation of reality, instead of fantasy worlds 
30/35grams of coffee tops, about 4 to 5 italian shots equivalent
It just asked me to switch to the new design and holy moly, it's freaking AMAZING. I so much wanted this. I love you guys, literally
Well, yes, it depends. You can decide which service to use, you can use a local one on the phone with your rules, so there's no privacy concern. Or you can point to their DNS servers which already have the rules applied (which I do because it's the fastest and easiest way).

With AdBlock is harder because the last time I used it the predefined lists didn't block shit, I had to manually add ad servers every time, and it was very time consuming. Before the Apple policy change it was perfect (I shouldn't have updated it).

Both are excellent apps, but right now I'm using AdGuard Pro
I have both, this works better and without setting anything particular. The only caveat is that, technically, their dns can see which domains you are browsing. Not the traffic. It may be a minor privacy concern to some
I'm trying an additional free month with Apple Music and I'm having an HARD time coming from Spotify. Spotify has a more direct UI, a clearer way to suggest songs, is faster. Just about everything is better. Apple Music is cumbersome. If I'll get an HomePod I'll have to switch and adjust, but right now I have no reason to switch. Also I can't use it from my PS4. There's a lot still missing. I hope in the future to be able to jump ship, but right now it's an inferior experience imho.
come si fa ad ascoltare quest'uomo e leggere quel giornale, boh
Non è sveglissimo 
Invece mi sembra un’analisi molto lucida, i Simpson sono giusto una blanda introduzione. Belli anche i paralleli con lo stato dell’Europa e degli USA. Che piaccia o no, è questa la figura che facciamo all’estero. Poi a me interessa poco, mi divertirò a vedere cosa succede, come mi diverto a vedere le figure di Trump. Sono ottimista nel senso che peggio di così non credo possa comunque andare
Anch’io ne vorrei di più, ma poi le votazioni non cambiano. Basta guardare come si è reso ridicolo Trump in ogni incontro con la Clinton (e dopo), e pure ha vinto

La gente sceglie a simpatia/di pancia, con al massimo 1 o 2 punti salienti del programma in testa, il resto è aria 
Fra qualche decina d’anni nasceranno movimenti di liberazione degli uomini
Tilt and shift falso però 

Comunque carino
Giammai, Lega + M5S and let's see the world burn
dio come godo
The PS4 is worth it just for Bloodborne
e in questo caso tutti i partiti sotto al 3% verrebbero eliminati? no perché sennò otterremmo lo stesso risultato... la gente mica avrà cambiato idea nel frattempo, credo
Bought the GOTY a week ago, having a blast 
Doom, Dark Souls 2, Helldivers
But it will reactivate when you'll subscribe again to PS Plus. It just gets put on hold.
Ai complottisti di destra non piace l'idea che ci sia Soros dietro https://www.ilpost.it/2017/05/04/george-soros/
Expected but still tragic 
Not really fascist, those are CasaPound which got 0,8%
Almeno supera l’1% quindi non sono voti sprecati

Speriamo alla camera
Quindi +Europa l’abbiamo votata solo noi di Reddit?
Uhm, I don't think you can have both the digital and physical version installed at the same time 🤔
Fallout 4 hands down, it's more immersive and not repetitive as GRW.

Those are different games though.
I would delete the installed physical version, then buy the comprehensive digital one and redownload everything. I don't know if the save games will be compatible though.
Fortnite also
Journey is a 2 hours game, Rime more like 10-15

I liked both but Journey more
Coffery

Sorry I had to
Keep it backed up often bro
You will lose hearing bro, and maybe get tinnitus, don't blast headphones louder than what you normally hear voices in real life, imho
Well just wait until it's available, should be soon
Great. Now it just needs to drop in price, like GTS and AC have already 
Yeah you're right, I just kind of loved the atmosphere. The frozen city, desolation, the various roads and streets. I kind of love exploring. I think it's why I'm loving Fallout 4 for example. I'm a bitch for these kind of open world games :D
This exactly. But the solo experience is great, worth 10/15€ IMHO
Se Sky o Comcast mi rovinano Netflix giuro che spacco tutto
He can’t understand a simple polite decline
Fantastic. I've yet to learn how to drift it properly 
Yes, as I'll do the same in a week :o
Only GOTY version has incompatible saves AFAIK
And also random bans (less likely but you never know)

Yet I'm mostly digital too
You know the shape of the horns on the DS4? They're not for the hands
They produce less heat so they are literally half the noise of the pro (or four times less than the OG). The fan is different and can run at a lower speed.

Lab test here: http://www.eurogamer.net/articles/digitalfoundry-2016-hands-on-with-the-playstation-4-slim-cuh-2000

A video here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MNNR0FnHtmQ

Also slim can have Nidec or Delta fans, but the difference between them, AFAIK, isn't as strong as with the OG/pro 
Pure black color finally!
I want to buy it, but 25€ on sale is still too much. 15€ to 20€ and it will be mine
It’s easy, you are not your internal dialogue. That is your mind, that randomly thinks useless stuff. You have just to learn to observe the mind, without taking a thought and carrying it on. Just let it go. Refocusing on the breathing helps. That’s it, basically 
Nope, it is boring and it will kind of always be. But still, it works. Gradually (months) you’ll increasingly feel calmer and “fine” whatever happens. Mindfulness helps in reaching that fundamental I don’t give a fuck state of mind
I play AC with a controller. You need to tweak the values, because default config, sensitivity etc. is shit. After that is manageable, but still a little clunky 
https://reddit.com/r/granturismo/comments/80nwt2/gran_turismo_sport_is_on_sale_from_a_pc2_player/
Buy a Nidec original fan off eBay/Amazon, replace it and as you’re there also replace thermal paste. The pro is noisy, but if you were unlucky and got a Delta fan, it’s super noisy
I thought you were joking but then I realized that  it’s true
makes definitely sense thanks!
Magari così impara l'educazione
Yes the update should be tonight or in a couple days.

GTS is SUPER polished. It's just a giant car fetish game. The perfection of the cars modeling. And the number and perfection of rims, and paints. The way it shows you the cars, in the loading screens, in the intro, the car museums, the seemingly totally random news it throws in there (news about the world). The way you can photograph your car, in game or in random scenery with real time shadows and lighting. It's like it's teaching you how life and cars can be amazing. If you love cars you won't be disappointed. I love cars so I'm buying them all (GTS, AC, Driveclub, NFS etc.). When PC2+season pass will be under 30€ I will buy that too.
Last time it was a Thursday maybe? Even if there was a regular server downtime Tuesday. Don't know, hope it's tonight though =)
I tried the PC2 demo. The physics is better than GTS. Especially in braking. It's not as good as Assetto Corsa which I also have, but very much improved than GTS, where everything is super smooth and yes, a tad easier. It's still tricky to drive in GTS too, it doesn't feel so arcade. What I think it's better in GTS is the overall online multiplayer experience. And also graphics and overall polish. It's truly beautiful, the game, the menus, the experience. If you can find it under 30€/$ I think it's fantastic value, they keep adding cars and tracks. I've sunk 100 hours in it before feeling I more or less tried everything. But a new update is due this week so yeah, I'm diving back in.
great thanks!
thank you all guys =)
Makes sense, thanks!
great, thanks!
Thanks. I do have a timeframe to complete the next mission I'm supposed to do with Danse right? (I have another active with minutemens).

I was reading about it here: https://www.polygon.com/fallout-4/2015/11/11/9718486/reveille 

"However, if on your way from Sanctuary to Diamond City earlier in the game you happened to run across the shootout at the Cambridge Police Station and helped the Brotherhood unit there clear out the ghouls, but you didn't elect to join the Brotherhood at that time, then you may have a problem. The Reveille quest marker won't appear on Boston Airport, and when you show up, the brother Knight there won't have any dialogue options for you."

"Note that we're still not sure yet what happens if you make it to Cambridge Police Station, assist the Brotherhood unit and then join the Brotherhood before the airship flies overhead."
Really? I thought the "correct" way of discovering the BoS was by doing the Reveille mission first, which happens seeing the ship in the sky after Reunion (not that I know what it is, just read about it). Some had glitches but it was 2 years ago, maybe in the meantime they fixed other cases, like picking up the radio station earlier like I did. 

Should I continue with BoS? I'm just 10 hours in, level 8
I hate games with checkpoints far away, or that force me to play several minutes before being able to save and exit. Having limited time to play is something that will not make me play until I'm sure I can play for a long time without interruptions. Those games I take months to finish.
I don't understand the need to "accept" death. By the time I will be old and sick I think I will look forward to it. If it comes sooner, it will probably be quite fast to be bothered too much. Euthanasia will help. Death is like sleeping without dreaming, there isn't really anything to fear. Pain before death, that I'd say is the only thing that could bother me.
Probably there will be more work for specialized people, people with a degree etc., and it will be harder for the lower class, because their work will be more easily automated. It will not be automatically ok, there are many that will suffer. We are starting to see it now.
It was a drag for me too. I was happy to play it, in the end, but it wasn't as memorable or emotional as said to be. And very slow/painful to play. A good game but a bit overhyped imho.
I had a DFGT which I damn loved with GT5. But it doesn't work on PS4, whereas many other wheels work fine on PS3 and PS4. I'm not buying Logitech again. 

I'd also like to know if current wheels will work on PS5. Sucks to spend that much money for just a couple years :\

But wasn't trying to ruin your excitement, I?m kind of envious because I remember how much fun it is with a wheel!
I never replay any game, because I don't have that much time and I prefer to spend it on a new game experience :\
What about automation? Computers doing white collars job, self driving trucks etc. What will we do if there will not be a population able to earn and buy what we produce? Capitalism has been the best system and it is right now, but in the future I think it will be forced to morph in something else
Well I'm from EU, so socialism per se isn't a bad word to use here. Despite what people thinks, the US are partly socialist too. With that said, we all know that full communism (with socialism as a middle path to it) doesn't work. But that wasn't my point. I'm from Italy, and here there are a lot of reasons why work/life balance isn't working so well. An engineer here might typically earn 1300€ net a month (or 25k gross yearly), for example. Our prices (food, technology, cars, houses etc.) are similar to other countries. The reason is we have too many laws, our tax system is complex, and maybe we aren't that efficient as workers. We are doing OK, not great, but the future will change. Think about automation, robots etc. There will be a near future where the capitalism as we know it might really not work anymore. I don't know what the solution will be (not communism, of course).
Yes, this is correct, and I think he meant that this is exactly what will kill capitalism. It will not be enough to work to live. People will stop buying stuff produced by capitalism, which will implode, as it needs a constant cycle of buying and producing to sustain itself 
Oh yeah this I agree. I guess they’re earning so, so much money this way.. (imagine how many will say “oh well, whatever”)
BLOODBORNE HANDS FUCKING DOWN

No, really. And GOTY
I don’t think it’s deceiving design, it’s just bad and mixed with legacy design
Yep. If you buy an old fatty only buy the chassis C revision, the all matte one, it's your only chance for it to be quiet, the shiny ones (I had two) are noisy as fuck
are you sure? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngjR8_7QMac
I wondered the same myself. I'm still pissed about it, I think it will be the same shit all over again with the PS5. I HATED my first PS4s, couldn't play without headphones, or at night, or I'd wake up the neighbors (living in apartment). I was really lucky to finally get a quiet slim. 

Then yeah, the community here can be pretty toxic, but it's like that with reddit in general. The PS4 is where the best games are (and most players for online), compared to xbox. So there's not really any competition. I'm honestly having a blast. Then I am a Macfaggot, so I definitely won't buy a pc just for gaming. But if you can stick with pc gaming, please do. Get a PS4 just for the exclusives. There are some that really deserve to be played (Bloodborne, Horizon Zero Dawn etc.).

I'd get the newest model no matter what, but that's just me. Coil whine can happen to any device. 

The slim around here is often on sale for 199€, and the pro juts recently went under 350/400€. The 1TB is small anyway so a 500GB slim is ok, you will change the internal hard disk or go external anyway. I don't have a 4K screen, nor PSVR, so there's not really any difference to me between slim and pro. I don't care about framerate.

Good luck mate
Don't know about that sorry, but there's no goty version of it, just the same with everything, so I think you *should* be safe
Bought the GOTY a week ago, having a blast just exploring 
It depends. Typically some GOTY versions of the same game don’t have compatible savegames to the base game. It was Witcher 3 and Bloodborne, for example. There might be others
All PS4s from the beginning have this problem (it was also a problem on xbox360s, same two fan suppliers, try youtubing Xbox delta nidec). This is why some say their PS4 is quiet, and some don’t. It’s not dust nor age. Sony doesn’t give a fuck, most gamers neither. Who talks about their PS4 being noisy is usually downvoted to oblivion here. The latest pro revision has frequent coil whine. The slim is fantastic value, it costs half the price of the pro, and you can barely hear it (I was lucky to get a Nidec too). I actually sold my chassis B OG PS4 because it was too noisy (two in a row). I’m in heaven now when I play
It’s still random, if you get a Delta fan you’re fucked. All pros can be randomly either noisy or extra noisy. Just buy where you can return it without hassles. And be prepared to be stuck with a jet noisy one. Consider that all pros are somewhat noisy, the slims are the quiet ones
HOLY SHIT, HERE I COME BROTHERS AND SISTERS!
I don’t think you can fix it yourself. I read on the Aergrind Kickstarter of others having that problem (just a few). I’d try writing to Knock, it should be covered under warranty 
It’s fantastic
One of the main purposes of the HomePod is to push Apple Music subscriptions
Or LAGUNA SECA
GTS is the best for graphics and online play. AC is best for the physics, way better and feeling more realistic than everything else. Online play is very basic. Graphically it sucks balls. PC2 is in the middle, but I only tried the demo because it still costs too much. Will get it when game+season pass will be under 30€
A couple of old Alpines, the old Supra, an old De Tomaso Pantera maybe? Also R8, Aventador, and the Interceptor maybe
For that kind of money I would definitely buy the new just released sony golds wireless
I have my Spotify account private
35 grams of arabica beans a day is the "healthy" limit (which roughly correspond to 400mg of caffeine). Robusta beans have more caffeine. Also lighter roasts have a little more caffeine than dark roasts.
No one knows, I scan this sub daily but I don't recollect anyone talking about the new slim revision (which is out by months, before christmas IIRC)

They are probably the same, but I would buy the new revision nonetheless
well there was that guy some weeks ago, with dozens of nazi skins, many would be removed but he still played

don't know if he's still there
That is a fear that many of us share, but, if that's your case and I very strongly doubt that, you are the first one reporting it here
It's homeopathic stew
First rule of the PSN store, never buy anything full price, unless it's brand new and you really want it right now
that's a damn fine deal

too bad I already have bf1 and in EU :\
I always do that. And this price just an year or so after release. Fantastic value
this https://www.amazon.com/Inateck-Enclosure-Optimized-Tool-Free-FE2010/
TIL

thanks
So is a flat white just like a Macchiato in Italy?

source: am italian, never heard of flat white
The shaft diameter is different, AFAIK, so there isn't a direct correspondence with the turns. Knock suggested V60 dialing is 2:10 for the Aer, for example, I don't know what is for the feld2
Over 3 is very coarse, and I think those grinds look very good, few fines and big regular chunks

I have an Aergrind so can't compare directly
I absolutely hated the art direction, it's all so random and intentionally shitty. But not shitty in a dark, coherent and good way (think Bloodborne or other dark games), more like legitimately shitty. A bold choice in art direction, I will give them that.
But you can say you are in good faith, which helps getting a new id with game transferred 
TIL la roba di berlusconi
So there ARE people who knows how to make a video go viral
They will still take your DLCs though

But yeah this shit is unacceptable 
Doesn’t make sense to upgrade just for space, 1tb is little too. I fitted a 2tb inside (before external we’re possible), it’s already almost full. Just get an external imo
Finished both games on my slim, never had a crash, everything has been fine. Didn’t know about the bugs, I must have been lucky. Played around a year ago, 1,75Tb drive
Sorry mate it wasn’t 
I gamer e i professionisti sono una nicchia molto ristretta. Chi vuole spendere poco non capisce niente e lo prende al supermercato, e il resto del mercato desktop sono aziende che comprano da Dell o da qualche rivenditore locale marche con preassemblati come HP ecc. La crisi del mercato desktop è anche il motivo per il quale i prezzi si stanno alzando (o vedi il Microsoft studio lì, o come si chiama, che sembra un iMac ma ancora più costoso).

Magari mi sbaglio ma i negozietti di componenti in città o sono falliti o si sono ridimensionati di molto.
Il caffè tostato chiaro può essere fruttato e acidulo, sia estratto a filtro che espresso, e anche moka. Se poi vuoi una specie di tè fruttato che sà di caffè esistono gli infusi delle bucce di caffè, googla Cascara. 

Prova a bere un caffè in qualcuno di questi posti https://www.freshcup.com/an-irish-third-wave/ , non esiste solo il caffè nero amaro al mondo.

Tutto questo per dire che in questo caso Nescafé resta una merda, ma cerca di rubare alla recente filosofia third wave dei termini come "fruttato", che sono propri dei caffè buoni e tostati bene.
This is exactly what I "felt" after playing with Assetto Corsa after 100 hours on GTS. Looks like I wasn't wrong, thanks for explaining this braking thing so well.
ovvio che sì, ma mi piacerebbe che anche gli americani si rendessero conto che tagliarsi il cazzo non è normale
Ogni occasione per smerdare i pentastellati è buona, però con sta cosa dei rimborsi ad ogni apertura telegiornale, neanche fossero obbligati a farlo, sta cominciando a diventare un po' patetica. Ci sono mille altri motivi per cui attaccarli. Poi chiaro il loro votante tipico forse non li comprenderebbe
I have GTS and AC, I play both with controllers. GTS is way more polished. AC isn't super harder, but it feels "real". There's something in the way the car wiggles, brakes, the engine sound, it's all very satisfying. GTS is too smooth, the cars slide too much and are quite similar. In AC the car drive wildly different, and you really can feel them. I bought it on sale for 12€, then bought the dlc. If you find it on sale you can try it for that cheap
There should be more products on the homepage, I don't see enough of them to make want to explore the categories. 

The logo is good but too big and too busy, it's not very memorable.

The product assortment seem very varied. There are high end products mixed with seemingly tacky one. I think you should pick a clear direction on your products, or clients. Or make the product categories distinct, mature/young etc.

Other than that it's good, and 2 months old is still very soon!
Doesn’t look hygienic 
You should have a company set up, with vat number etc., you should talk with an accountant. A lot of people start a dropshipping website, but doing things "right" isn't really easy or straighforward. I think most people just start selling and taking money, without thinking about returns, problems, paying taxes etc.

You'll also need to think about warranty, shipping costs/returns, products breaking or becoming dangerous (especially in the us where they sue anyone for everything).

I don't want to be a dream crusher, but doing things right takes a lot of work, even for "simple" drop shipping. It's the reason I thought about doing it myself, but eventually changed my mind.

The first meeting with an accountant is usually free, and should give you lots of informations (and ask for his rate)
That's strange, PSprices and Psdeals both list 29,99€ as the lower price recorded :\ well whatever, thanks!
Thanks! I would too for 20. But I've actually cleared my backlog and have nothing with "a story" to play.. decisions decisions
You got it for 20€ physical? Are the DLC on disc or a code?

In EU 29,90€ is the lowest price ever, yet
They are part of the story. The second is particularly good. I would get them if you like souls games
Is Fallout 4 GOTY worth 29,99€?
Yes, but they just announced the new gold one. But that instead, seems more solid 
NOW KISS
Also the screen is too tall
non vedo l'ora che fallisca, non serve a niente né ai clienti che vengono trattati peggio, né ai gestori, che hanno modi molto più economici per farsi più pubblicità più efficacemente (anche banali inserzioni facebook, per dire)
TIL I can go to live in Uruguay
And it's good they are wary
Good thing I deleted all Facebook apps from all my iOS devices. I didn't use them and I seem to have better battery performances.
AFAIK you can find original ones on amazon or ebay, never bought one myself. I sold my two old Delta OGs, and I luckily got a Nidec on my slim because I can't hear it most of the time.
And then wait for PS5 to have it removed 
Yep, I just kill the game after a match if I don't want to play anymore.
I had one and returned it because it was misaligned so bad (it was a Quito). I read many with the same problem. Is it congenite of the project or is yours ok? (AFAIK the Comandante is based on the same design, but later they changed the burr assembly)
If you have a Delta fan you should replace it buying an original Nidec fan on ebay or amazon. Sony uses two manufacturers for the same fan unit, you can get one or the other randomly. I'm not sure how you can spot the difference between the two, if the sound isn't enough. Maybe I read something in a thread (delta fans is white somewhere?), but I can't find it
Oh, yeah. Didn't see it yet. Looks like they took some parts of the Vulcan design language and ported it to this. Looking great!
Oh sorry, I meant che C chassis OG PS4.

There are only two ps4 pro chassis
The C revision of the PS4 (the matte one) makes half the noise of the OG, or the same as a Pro. If you are lucky to have a Nidec fan. Someone isn't as lucky and get a Delta fan, those are noisier. The slim makes half the noise of your PS4.
An OG or Pro will be noisy mostly due to the Delta fan. There's a 50% chance to get one. The others mount a Nidec fan, which is quieter.

Anyway, DON'T get a Pro if you want silence. Get a slim. Slim could also get the noisier Delta fans, but they are still WAY quieter than a Pro or an OG.
Remember to buy a Nidec fan if your pro is noisy. The noise mostly come from the ones with a Delta fan, not from thermal paste problems.

proof: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngjR8_7QMac
Aston Martin Vulcan?
I concur. I don't like the "flat" sound either, as I am treble sensitive. I like the basshead sound. Flat bass and mids, and subdued treble. Or full bass and mids and less treble, which is the same. The more recent Beats sound, if you will. Thick and non fatiguing. Big bass and big treble is the worst, it was the problem with my X2s, which I had to sell.
In Italy we still make the Lancia Y, a small girls car
It's not sarcasm. In GTS the car are easier to regain control of when you spin out or are too fast, whereas in AC once the tail is gone, is gone. But the actual "grip", the way the car handles seems more predictable on AC. I find it easier (I fiddled with the controller setting, reducing speed sensitivity). Maybe that's why my perception is for AC to be easier, and instead it's harder. GTS is easier when you go fast, but some cars are just undrivable without TCS. It's like they're artificially super slippy or super powerful or something. Or maybe I just drive more carefully on AC, I don't know. I love both games by the way, AC is more exhilarating when driving, the engine revving when braking, the way the car vibrates etc., but GTS is superior in everything else.
I bought Assetto Corsa, and driving cars is actually easier. In GTS they slide too much. If AC is more realistic, as it is known for, I think it's better if GTS isn't artificially hard
This is why I bought a slim 😒😏
how the physics engine of the game compares to the real car?
esattamente, altro che abolire

poi penso, perché non spostare semplicemente tutti gli orari della nazione di 1 ora? probabilmente perché ristampare tutti gli orari incollati alle porte degli uffici/negozi costerebbe troppo
As an adult 15 hours are a lot of time to find for gaming, no way I’m starting a new game
to be fair yeah, it's true, I still think it's going to end bad

it's like loot boxes, mechanics like that shouldn't get into a game IMHO
gambling always leads to losing money, I can't really see the appeal here :\
my old one is 1 year old and in perfect conditions, I could sell it for this, which seem more durable
loving it
Uhm, I don't know it's possible, but you're losing speed then. AFAIK there's a little of steering counter assist by default, but nothing affecting throttle. Oh well..
Driveclub is leaning on the arcade side. It's exhilarating, fun, speed sensation is amazing. There's not a "career", but a series of events. It's so cheap you have to have it, with the season pass. GTS is more realistic, but still "easy" and playable with a pad. Graphics and car details and care are over the top. It's super polished. Multiplayer is at its core, with a sportsmanship system that works quite well (you ram into other, you get into a lower class and can only race with douchebags, etc.). I've put 100 hours on it and still play daily. AI is good, but there isn't a career either, and the single player events are there but aren't many. All dlcs and new cars/tracks will be free. Assetto Corsa is rough, but the physics and sensations of driving are top notch. Single player there are races and events, but its not its core. It's more hot lapping (which I enjoy). But the way the cars bumps, the sounds of the engine, braking etc. they're great. It's harder on the pad. I tried the PC2 demo and wasn't wowed, but it was short. When it will be cheaper (like 30€ including the season pass) I'll buy it too, though.
I got Driveclub, then Gran Turismo Sport, which I love, and more recently Assetto Corsa, which is  on sale in EU. I love them all. Try GTS when it’s on sale, multiplayer is great and so everything else. Assetto Corsa seems more “real” when driving a car, but everything else is very rough
How can you control rear drive cars exiting a turn without fine acceleration control? You are forced to use plenty of TCS I guess
I’d like more shaking to inside the car, like Assetto Corsa, I think real cars are more rough and bumpy than the GTS smoothness
you're welcome mate!
phew! then definitely makes sense =)
You can attach one for each USB port on the ps4. But they won't work if you use an HUB, only direct attachment to one of the ps4 USB ports 
Speed is the same as your internal drive. For better drive security I’d prefer an usb3 enclosure, instead of just the usb-sata cable, price difference should be minimal 
12000$ each 3 years? Man that’s crazy, 1500$ would be more than good enough. Anyway as a macfaggot I concur, PlayStation is the way to go for gaming, cheaper and less hassle
It’s usually a side dish, with “polenta” (coarse corn flour cooked) or meat or other grilled stuff. As I said we don’t usually use melted cheese in dishes (Mac and cheese also doesn’t exist here, for example. I knew that but I didn’t know grilled cheese is meant to mean grilled cheese sandwiches) :)
They’re all like this, as you confirmed. Sadly you either deal with it or get a slim, which is properly quiet
It’s just video streaming, your computer specs don’t matter, just connection speed and ps4. The og/slim can only stream at 720p, the pro can do 1080p
Yep, we don’t really make those here! 

But we do grill some kind of cheeses :D but it’s quite unusual 
3,5” drives need an external power supply
Italian here, what’s grilled cheese in america?
A lot of responses seem to imply that psychopaths know that they are one. But it’s not always true. “The psychopath inside” by dr. Fallon is a fascinating book on the matter (an old neuroscientist that discovers to be a psychopath at over 60 by looking at his brainscans)
The pro would be quieter than your old one, but still noisy. The slim will be half the noise of the pro
and also dog food named the same [Imgur](https://i.imgur.com/7liYAp1.jpg)
If your PS4 is broken you're fucked, there's no way to back up it's internal hd now
sadly there's no way :(
The pro is double the noise of the slim (10dB more). If you are unlucky, and end up with a Delta fan instead of a Nidec (roughly 50% chance) it will be even more noisy, here's a video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngjR8_7QMac

You can get coil whine too. 4K is great and everything, but yes noise will be there.


Well, they are the same, the i version has the commands on the cable to be compatible with apple devices, the G version is compatible with android device.

I tried them and they're great, if your ears aren't too big you can snug them inside (they're "over" ear), whereas the other models you are considering are on-ear, they sit directly on you ear and can be discomfortable after a while. The sound is more balanced than the others, but still with tastefully elevated bass.
Those are all 3 great consumer cans. It depends on your preferred sound signature. Beats is the softer, with meaty bass and mids and soft highs, never fatiguing. Very well built (but there are reports of failing jacks). The Grind is an excellent value, but it has tizzy highs, that sound exciting but can be fatiguing for some people. The Sennheiser are on the flatter side... but overpriced. Where are you from? You should be able to find the 4.30 for that price, which are better (or the 4.40BT for 109€ on amazon)
go as fine as you can, as long as the brew isn't bitter
the shaft in our Aer is thinner so the turns are different, AFAIK

I use 2:9 for V60 in my Aer, and 2:4 for Aeropress
Yes, of course I was referring to online ranked races with real people, opposed to online solo races against the AI
The way the notice is worded is a clear reference to the online races. All the stuff about improper behavior, and a safe and fair environment to the others. Maybe someone abused the pit glitch for making some money, but you can win a car worth 20mil daily, what's the point of money anyway? The same with trophies, who cares? You are not faster than others if you are a higher level pilot. Targeting offline players would be despicable.
they're trying to steal your account

I hope you have two factors authentication active, if they guess your password you're fucked without 2fa
it's too soon! let's hope it's a shitty mid cycle one like hardline
Nope

Source: Italian 
so l337, w0w
Sad but true 
Toss it away mate, it’s gone 
It was there already 1 or 2 times before, I think they’ll do that offer every couple months
Exceptions are everywhere in the world, but when they are so damn rare you better approximate them to zero. Everybody knows it's like that, the vast, VAST majority of the stuff on Alibaba and similar shops is crap. People love crap if it's cheap, and that's why amazon is full of Chinese crap that sell a lot. It's ok. But finding something of "quality" and made in china is almost impossible. They use cheap or toxic plastic whenever they can, they fake iso testings and certifications, they do whatever they can to sell and to be cheap. I worked with them and I have friends who still work with Chinese companies. It's their culture. You can tame it, but you must be very careful. You don't agree? That's fine, good luck.
network marketing is never profitable for the vast majority of "workers" in it
This is why I wrote *designed* too. Also the iPhones are made in China. They are exceptional in manufacturing. The problem is that it's ingrained in their culture that they must be cheap, so everything *they* design tends to be crappy. The design, or the materials.. there's almost always something wrong. 

Of course if you design something and send them the exact specs and go there and check everything then ok. But still you have to be very careful and you have to check in there, you can't trust them most of the time.

Of course there are exceptions.
\> quality

\> designed and manufactured in china



pick one
fan noise is the same, you have 50% chance of getting a quiet Nidec fan, and a 50% to get a Delta fan which is noisy as fuck, even on the latest pro revision
Try to understand if you have a Nidec or a Delta fan. A Delta fan will be way noisier no matter how clean it is or if a different thermal paste is applied
Yes, as coffee becomes less hot it tastes sweeter and better. It's the reason why in competitions they try to swirl and pour coffee in more cups or for a longer time before serving it for tasting, so it cools down a bit and taste better
I don't feel any difference between any kind of roast, and in a day I usually drink them all (medium roast moka in the morning, dark roast espresso late morning, another moka after lunch, a light roast pour over in the afternoon, etc.)
I agree with you, it *should* be, but it isn't. You can go on the Apple Store and find plenty of flawed product right there. My Beats Solo 3? Great, but slightly bent and the rubber headband is protruding a little. I found other 8 in the Store with the same defects. My iPhone has a skewed power button. My MacBook is ok, just bluish on the border of the screen (all are). My iPad started to have lighter colors on the display borders within a year. Either you accept it, or get your money back and switch to the Windows/Android ecosystems. It will cost you a little less. But perfection just isn't industrially achievable, neither by Apple, neither at its prices. It's just a fact. You'll never have a *perfect* Apple product, no matter how much you pay for it. I learned it the hard way, and so are you :D good luck mate
Just accept it the way it is. I passed through three 6S before accepting that no Apple device is perfect. Each one will have some kind of major or minor defect. Cosmetic, or a button misaligned, a not uniform screen, blue edges, noises... just lower the bar a little and embrace it. It doesn't matter how much you paid for it. If you don't agree don't buy Apple. Searching for the perfect Apple device will only drive you mad.
only if used in online races
Maybe the brew is acidic and curds the milk?
I STRONGLY suggest to not get neither one. They are very noisy, and old by now. Get a C chassis, very very much more quiet, and should be fairly cheap too.

source: had two Bs, switched to a slim for silence
just remove the existing partition and create a new one, BAM, done
a couple years 
Per statistica, io non ci vado perché non sopporto il doppiaggio in italiano, e i cinema con film in lingua originale sottotitolati sono pochi e con una selezione molto bassa.

Detto questo un film me lo godo di più se me lo vedo a casa su Netflix. Andare al cinema non lo farei perché "amo il cinema", ma perché magari voglio uscire con morosa/amici e fare qualcosa di diverso.
It will be roughly the same. It will be some hours, it's normal. Very worth it though, you'll find everything there. Remember to deactivate the old console.
Mmh chocolate mousse yummy
You have to connect them wired to the DS4 controller. The mic will be always on. PS4 can't connect to bluetooth headphones (or any bluetooth audio device). It's kind of shitty, you should buy a sony gold wireless headset, cheap and works flawlessly (a bit fragile but heh)
su base annuale di default si intende lordo
/r/creepyasterisks would like a word with you
got another tomahawk version, yay..
Phew I farmed some 10 millions these days 
This is why every country should permit euthanasia 
Mi fa incazzare che se su Amazon chiedo la consegna in un ufficio postale mi becco per forza la spedizione "lenta"
Ma infatti il vero vantaggio di Amazon non sono i prezzi bassi, pagherei anche di più per comprare da Amazon. È la sicurezza che se qualcosa è difettoso o si rompe, anche a distanza di anni, ti aggiustano/rimborsano tutto senza battere ciglio. Nelle catene devi andare lì, parlare, chiedere, questionare, far spedire ecc.
Thank you. My bearings are blue too, I've got the Kickstarter version, so the very first ones they made.

When I pour the water, I very clearly see the chunks, everything looks fine. It's only at the end of the draining that I can see fines/slur. For example this is what I just brewed, a light roast at 2:8 with Rao's spin. Was yours worse or like this?

[Imgur](https://i.imgur.com/3bYGcYM.jpg)
they just put another hard disk with a lower firmware installed than before, maybe they put the original PS4 hard disk while they had a bigger one before. Install it from USB and you should be good to go
I'm liking the result at 2:10, I had some bitterness using finer grind. But I'll try.

Can I ask you to check the concentricity of yours? Mine is like this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CXtD-McF1Co and most Aers seems like that. I have a bit more fines than in your photo though. Was it a light roast? (AFAIK they produce more fines as they are tougher). Thanks!
I hoped it was today, with the server maintenance =(

Last time is was a Thursday IIRC
Fumare marijuana riduce l'incidenza del passaggio a droghe più pesanti, letto una ricerca giusto l'altro giorno sempre qui su reddit. L'idea che fumare/legalizzare la marijuana porti più gente alle droghe pesanti è propaganda.
The Monitors are a good pair of cans, a little overpriced but consider that the M40X are good but on roughly the same tier. You won't get better resolution, maybe just a different, flatter response (AFAIK the monitor has a slight bass and treble increase, so you're missing a little on the mids). And flat isn't always the best, I tried flat headphones but I prefer more meat and less treble. Searching for your preferred sound signature is as time consuming as searching for the perfect headphone for it :D
A dire il vero un buon template da 50€ è migliore del 90% dei temi che potrebbe farti da zero un'agenzia/programmatore di provincia, sempre su base Wordpress. In più hai gli aggiornamenti, anche di sicurezza, in automatico e per sempre. Prova a chiedere a qualcuno di metterti mano a un tema custom fanno da chissachi un paio di anni prima.. se ne vale la pena ok custom (azienda grande), ma per blog o sitarelli (che deve farci grillo? alla fine è un semplice blog) i template pronti sono una scelta più che dignitosa e probabilmente più intelligente, imho. Piuttosto meglio buttare i soldi su server potenti con protezione cloudflare o simili
che uomo inutile
Their server maintenance (and game update?) should be in 12 hours roughly. This is probably a PSN network outage.

I farmed a couple millions yesterday, maybe they'll patch the glitch in the update..
shitty chinese headphones, they sell because they are cheap
Well usually the bra is composed by the two boob holders together, but nothing ripped and there was no lingerie down there. It was staged but allegedly only her and him knew what they planned to do 
I think most of people bought it on sale, it must have helped a lot with popularity. I love it
How are your impressions compared to PC2? I've got GTS and Assetto Corsa. Love both, AC is absolute shit in presentation, but after tinkering with the settings I'm enjoying the physics engine
No Revolution no party
Tristemente TIL. Miliardi di euro buttati
It's common but not every bluetooth device has it. For example the Major II bluetooth have an hiss every time they reproduce a sound, when it stops the hissing stops. I don't know if it's the amplifier noise or what. I have a pair of Beats Solo3 which are absolutely silent every time, for instance. So it depends.
Yeah in mine too the difference is very slight, say 0.1mm. And when at 0:0 they fit perfectly. In my Aer I have a slight burr rub up to 0:8 roughly. But when it's full of coffee it probably "auto centers", and every Aergrind user I asked here has a slight concentricity like that, so I'd say it's normal. Thanks for checking!
Can I ask you a favor? My Aergrind is exactly like this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CXtD-McF1Co

with a slight concentricity. Many others are like this (I think all of them). Can you check yours just for comparison? Mine grinds good though, some beans produce more fines than others but I can't complain too much.
They all have the same burrs
Can't you find a steel Bialetti Venus? Easier to keep clean than aluminum.
I think the website is fine, typography is good, info, etc. A couple of photos (those with the instagram filters) are a bit off but ok. The logo is very cheap looking, but I don't know how much it matters to your clients.

I never had those kind of problems with google analytics :\
Thanks for the link, I'll dig on them. And I'm sure having *too much* foreskin (anteater like) is worse than having none.
https://youtu.be/4pXfHLUlZf4
Tradition is a bitch
To be fair I don’t think the superlong anteater foreskin is so diffused. Most natural cocks have just enough to cover the gland, and not even fully
I think the orgasms are the same. You just lose *some* stuff that happens before. It’s not a big deal, but there’s no reason to lose them. Uncut dicks are natural. All animals protect the tip of theirs in the same way with no issues 
A not circumcised man can try both. You just keep the skin down all the way, then it’s like a circumcised cock (but with frenulum). It kind of sucks. In fact circumcision in the US was introduced to reduce masturbation practices 
Studies of whom? I guarantee you that the way the foreskin moves on the gland when fucking is awesome. And the frenulum is full of nerves. Removing those means you won’t feel those things. Of course rubbing the gland will still be pleasurable the same (or almost the same, I don’t know if the gland skin changes enough or at all, feelings wise)
The clitoris is an extreme example, the equivalent to a man would be to remove the gland. But Circumcision is diffused because it’s a tradition. But if now someone would start trimming little girls labia I hope there would be an outrage
Hardening of the gland skin, keratinization, reduced sensitivity, mechanical functioning of frenulum and foreskin is lost (it’s otherwise very pleasurable). It’s not the end of the world but it’s a shame. I would never deprive my son of those feelings 
The historical reason for circumcision in the US was to reduce masturbation
It’s not like removing a leg, but it’s still removing a part of the body. It’s not just skin, it has nerves endings and enhances masturbation and sexual intercourse. Of course not knowing the difference is less shocking. But getting circumcised as an adult would definitely be
Yes, they started doing it in late ‘800 early ‘900 to fight masturbation. 

Then lube was invented (ok I don’t know if this second part is true)
driveclub dlcs are very worth it, and very often on sale. In GTS everything is in, no dlcs. It's a very different game, drive club is sheer fun, GTS is still friendly but you feel more like driving a real car. I'm loving it. I also love Assetto Corsa. And will probably love Project Cars 2 when it will be cheap. Gotta have them ALL
I like Suzuka because it's short, has plenty of great close curves for drifting, and there's just the straight as wasted track
no mate you need at least a table/desk
I did that all the time. It was still a pain in the ass, I couldn’t game at night because my gf could hear it from the bedroom (and my flat neighbors too probably). I also had to crank up my tv when I wasn’t in a headphone mood. It’s really shitty let me tell you, gaming in silence help tremendously in game immersion. It’s sad that Sony didn’t give a fuck about it (I mean, they are still using those shitty Delta fans). Look at the xbox one s, slower and clunkier but so quieter and heat efficient. I was so exasperated I was actually about to buy one. Glad they made the slim around that time
I just bought Assetto Corsa. Physics are better but everything else.. oh my god, looks like a cheap psn game
It’s so cheap there’s no reason to hold off, I’m having a blast. And the PS5 is too close, GT7 will probably run on that. It would be a shame releasing it in an end of life console like the PS4 in 1-2 years
iPhone chargers are the same as others, you just plug the black mini usb cable that came in your controller in the usb hole in the charger, removing the white lightning cable 
Delta are the loud fans, Nidec are the quiet. But coil whine comes from another part so you can still have it even with a quiet fan
I use off the boil water, I gently stir the slur during bloom, and grind coarser if overextracted. This way I’m getting sweet consistent cups
I was kind of sarcastic, but I also think people often overreact. Look at those crying about cpu throttling like it’s a bad thing. People are stupid
Well yeah I wouldn't be able to cope with a delta pro noise for sure XD 

About tinnitus I don't know, I always keep all the volumes at minimum, always had (in headphones it must be at 60/70db, less than when I hear someone speak in real life). I had it 24/7 since I can remember, as a child. Mine hasn't worsened, and I tested my hearing a couple of years ago with no issues. I guess everybody tinnitus is different. In my case the more I'm pissed about it the more my brain focuses on it and I perceive it at a louder volume. When I started reading about it, and learning that is so diffused, I started to forget I have it, I didn't care (not that I started blasting everything at full volume). Now when I think about it I'm aware, but in seconds I'm thinking of something else. It's not that easy for everyone I guess. Thanks for the heads up nonetheless ✌️
Yes, it's definitely quieter than both, I think half. When digital foundry tested it here http://www.eurogamer.net/articles/digitalfoundry-2016-hands-on-with-the-playstation-4-slim-cuh-2000 it measured generally half the noise of the chassis C (the matte fat) and the pro (if you read the article, consider that for every 10 decibels of difference in noise the volume is halved or doubled. So for example 20dB less noise means four times quieter). I measured my old OGs at 63 db, and my actual slim at 43. My phone app maybe it's not super right but it definitely sounds 4 times quieter. I could have done even with a pro, which is half the noise of the OG (or double than the slim), but I preferred not to risk.

edit: I got tinnitus too, but no hearing loss. I use basshead headphones because I'm treble sensitive (I use Beats Solo3). I found that NOT GIVING A FUCK about the tinnitus definitely lowers its volume, I forget I have it most of the time. I hope yours is not too bad
I would but my equipment isn't good enough. But there plenty of videos, like this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MNNR0FnHtmQ or this that compares a pro delta with a pro nidec: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngjR8_7QMac

I love my slim, I had two chassis B OG that were loud as fuck, I'm so fucking happy now. I can still hear it in some games, but it blows a little more for a minute or so, and then becomes quiet again. It's not as silents as, say, an xbox one s, but still it's like it's not even there 95% of the time, it enhanced my gaming experience by a lot. Gaming at night, or not having to wear headphones, really makes a difference to me. But I know there is people who doesn't give a fuck about noise. Lucky them
You probably have a Nidec fan. A slim will be even quieter during even the most intensive games, like HZD or MGSV etc. Still, you were lucky, enjoy your pro =)
More battery drain, more shutdowns, more people PISSED FOR PLANNED OBSOLENCE!!11

This would happen so yeah, apple must think better not, I can't blame them
I bought a slim because I knew the pro was twice as loud at least. I don't have a 4K screen and don't care about framerate or PSVR. If you are annoyed by noise like me then definitely buy a slim, gaming in silence is such a pleasure.

Anyway, it's not the drive. Sony uses two fan producers, Delta and Nidec. Delta fans are way louder (it's the same for the OG PS4, slim and pro, also older xbox360 etc.). So you can have different brand new and not defective pros sounding VERY different. It's a gamble. Anyway, a slim with a Delta fan will still be quieter than a pro with a Nidec one.
Never happened to me. If I were you I would try a database rebuild. Do you have problems with other games?
Well this is an excellent insight, I intuitively thought the same but never rationalized
Some can also be connected to your cell phone, so you can share them right away
Still have mine, still love how it sounds!
oh damn, makes sense, thanks
I’m 30 in just a month, did licenses, circuits, half missions, and some races, not many. Never grinded or exploited glitches
but not anally ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
underrated comment of the day
la prima non sta bene
well, you shall do whatever works for you

just consider that all of this subreddit thinks that meditation is something else, so probably you won't find anything helpful here
Search for a Nidec original fan. The Delta are the noisy ones. Sony uses both producers randomly 
Because most of what you think are lies 
It’s the contrary. It’s letting go of your thoughts as they arise. The first thing to understand in meditation is that your mind (the internal dialogue that is yourself speaking) is not you. You are a consciousness that can be aware on your own. And in meditation you just watch your mind’s thoughts arise but you don’t dwell on them. You are just a witness of what’s happening. With time, they become less frequent.
Phew, thanks! My Aer too rubs roughly up until 0:8 or 10, much like yours, definitely not up to 1:6. I don't remember how it was when new, but new burrs will definitely rub more in the beginning due to the coating needing seasoning. I think that a new one will produce a worse grind for a few weeks, and they should become similar over time (or maybe your second one  really is defective)

Anyway, I now think that that kind of burr rub (until 0:8 roughly) and concentricity is normal among all Aers and Felds2. I already read many posts with the same concerns, they must all be very similar.
I've got an Aer with a slight concentricity, like this Feld2 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CXtD-McF1Co

Can any of you check yours, to understand if it's common?

My brews are fine btw
I wish I could farm miles point this way
You were lucky to mount a Nidec fan. New revisions are always cheaper to produce for Sony, but aren't built worse, they are the same. It's mostly chip production technology that change. 
Number 1) has been the same since the OG PS4, with every revision, slim and pro included. That fucking Delta fan.

And with 3), my controllers have always been fine (had two with my chassis B and now I have two new ones for my slim, since a year. They still work fine)
It's better this than what they did with BFII though
I was about to shoot a video of mine, but I found a Feld 2 video that is almost exactly the same as my Aer: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CXtD-McF1Co

do you think this is fine? Is one of your Aers better than this? Thanks!
Mine is the same. The burrs are ever so slightly not perfectly concentric. Your image doesn't show it well because there is an off-axis flash that casts a shadow and makes it look "bigger". Mine is like 0,1mm more spacey. There is a Fled2 on youtube with the same non concentricity. I get some slur like that, but depends on the beans. The taste is still so much better than my old Hario mini mill
Ahah, I love King too for what it's worth 🤣 with that said yeah, I learned a lot from books like those. I'm sure a therapist is as good as them, even better, but learning stuff about the mind is the thing that really helped me the most. We are not our mind. Our mind is just a part of our brain that tries to imagine future scenarios. Most of them are trash, and if we believe what it thinks we are fucked. Cheers mate!
Hey bro, start reading something about self help, Cognitive Behavioral Therapy, like The Feel Good book by Burns. And also read something about mindfulness. You need to identify and deal with the false thoughts your mind makes up  all the time to really get out of it. Medications are just a temporary fix, or something to help in the aforementioned process
Try a Belgian beer, sweet, complex. Even a red/dark Leffe. It’s hard not to like the taste. But yeah cheap plain “regular” blonde beer sucks. Just watery and bitter. Great only on summers when extra thirsty 
6S, iOS11, no problems ever, I don’t know
I don't think an open headphone is good for mixing, they all basically lose all frequencies under 80-100Hz
I thought too it was about jewish customs. It's not, in the US it really started gaining momentum in the late '800 or early '900 just to reduce masturbation practices. It's sad and hilarious at the same time.
How could them not be angry, its genital mutilation done to an infant  with repercussions on the sexual life. I would kick my parents in the face if they did that to me (but in EU we don't do that shit)
You must have a Delta fan. You can buy a much quieter Nidec original fan on ebay/amazon, and mounting yourself (losing the warranty). You can also try opening the top lid and cleaning the dust.
HZD and P5 hands down
Yes of course. You will be a little less effective but your character is always very powerful. I think you'll enjoy stealth though =) I complicated my life because I wanted the "no kills" and "no alarms" trophy, but if you don't care about them (don't, it's kind of OCD) I think you'll have a great time!
In the end I got used to the default one
Yeah, I'm not sensitive to framerate, it's more like the movement, the "smoothness" of the character. BB and DS3 feel like a dance, you swirl, you kill. In DS2 I feel more like a robot. The sounds are less satisfying too (it's always "ting ting" when I hit, no smushy bloody meaty sounds). Etc. I don't know, it's just me maybe
Well yes. But I think I'm mostly attached to the new graphic and movement engine. BB and DS3 feel smooth. DS2 feels clunky :\
As far as I know no. Maybe opening the top cover (doable on the slim or the pro to clean it) you can recognize it, but I'm not sure. Check this thread: https://www.reddit.com/r/PS4Pro/comments/7lcsa8/ps4_pro_delta_to_nidec_fan/

Here's a video that compares noises. The delta has a "higher pitch" added noise: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngjR8_7QMac
IW is considered the worse of the bunch (I still liked it), so I think you'll have a blast
Combat is easier and not very satisfying. It's a stealth game, and thus more rewarding that way (lots of hidden bonus stuff in some places you'll go stealth, air conducts and such). But gun blasting will also be way faster. A mission that would take me 2-3 hours in stealth could be finished in half an hour gun blasting (especially with the later augmentations)
We should vote the EU out of the EU! EUXIT!

*PITCHFORKING INTENSIFIES*
If it's anything like the 2 it will be a very different experience... I can't get to like it after BB (my first souls) and DS3. Will keep trying though
Damn I can't get to love the 2 like BB and DS3
The Pro is a noisy console. But Sony uses two producers for the fan. Delta and Nidec. If your PS4 happen to have a Delta fan, it will be noticeably noisier than another PS4 with a Nidec fan. There's nothing you can do it apart returning it, or buying a Nidec fan and changing it yourself (voiding the warranty)
I used 12-13 clicks, tended to have bitter cups if finer (light roasts)
Is that car a Fiat?
I’m ok with that even for websites. I’d gladly pay to access the ones I care about, instead of having them filled with shitty advertising
As with BFII, people WILL preorder it and, worse, WILL buy lootboxes.
sì il mio era un apprezzamento :D ma in effetti potevo sembrare serio
I think you need some real world experience and connections, before thinking of creating a business on your own. Maybe start working in a company similar or complementary of what you have in mind, and see how it is, what can be done better etc., maybe you'll focus on a product or service to supply. You'll also have known many people by then. And that will be the right time to create a company.
e con l'username li hai fatti praticamente tutti
who gives a fuck about ripping online music, it's an always connected, always streaming world, it's been YEARS and they still don't understand, geez
Quando un titolo contiene una domanda la risposta è sempre no. Tesi confermata ancora una volta.
This, but playing on easy..
tanto finché non inculano chi fa nero non cambia niente
Do they have it though? I checked the site and I see only medium and dark roasts, and in the store there isn't (in Italy at least)
IKEA coffee is amazingly good for the price though. I wish they make a light roast too
I exchanged my chassis B for the noise, and the second one was just slightly better, still Delta. The probability is too damn high..
This should be put in the sidebar: There are two suppliers for all PS4 fans. Delta and Nidec. Delta fans are way noisier than the Nidec. You can't know which one you got until you open your PS4. Sony will not replace a "noisy" PS4 because half of them are. You can buy Nidec fans on ebay/amazon and change it yourself (with warranty voiding). Yes, the Pro is a noisy console in general, the slim makes half the noise. If you need/want a quiet console you have to buy a slim and give up on 4k and high frame rates.
A me non è mai capitato e credo siano casi isolati. Detto questo acquisto solo se venduto e spedito da Amazon, e mentre apro il pacco e i prodotti mi faccio sempre un video, che si sa mai.

Detto questo non esiste il discorso di danno monetario o d'immagine, se devi usare un obiettivo per lavoro non lo compri a pelo della giornata, ma molto prima (potrebbe anche essere difettoso di suo). E soprattutto ne avresti uno di emergenza (ovvio che essendo occasionale ecc.ecc.). 

Buona fortuna con la fotografia btw, lo facevo anch'io ma non ci sono soldi, oppure è troppo sbattimento :D ma se cominci a fare due spicci e non ti serve uno studio puoi aprire partita iva come libero professionista invece che come artigiano. Il vantaggio è che non hai i 4k€ di INPS da pagare ogni anno, anche se fatturi 0, ma paghi solo sul guadagnato. Quindi metti che un anno non guadagni niente paghi solo il commercialista (sui 3-400 euro se è onesto, per un p.iva con i minimi, che ha pochissima gestione).
I tried the beta/demo (can't remember) and just couldn't love the theme/setting. And the graphics looked a bit dated. But maybe I'll give it another go when it will be cheaper.
I read that coconut running on macOS and fetching the battery stats from a usb/wifi connected iOS device used the same information which Apple reads in a similar way. Looks like it's not
Oh, ok, good to know thanks
I never finished the book because it was a bit too long in explaining the concepts, this is actually very helpful
Doesn't coconut extract the same number that they see?
Mac user so I don’t have a PC. PlayStation always seemed the best platform to get
Sooner or later it will happen. Thinking about the fact that you don't get invited is a negative though that you could just let go. Just be cool with yourself. Whatever happens, it's ok. The fact that you're engaging with strangers is already super cool! (I struggle with it myself). It's just a matter of time trust me
Since you don’t seem ok with your decisions not to do something, next time try to think less and just say yes in a whim. Put yourself out there and a big part of social anxiety will cure by itself. It worked for me
Yep. The important part is “at the expense of career/study/life”. Gaming a lot is ok if one can still lead an healthy and fulfilling life. I’m very ok with escapism, or even a Matrix-like life. Philosophically there could be a future where simulated experiences are better than reality, why choose the inferior one? Only because it’s “real”? But of course nowadays real life can always be better and must be the first priority.
Isn’t part of the Cognitive Behavioral Therapy to identify false thoughts? Saying you are right in what you’re thinking would worsen your depression, not help it. “smile more” is a wrong answer too. But maybe “are you sure that what you are saying to yourself is true?”, and similar analysis done together would be more helpful
Fantastic video, it's really great that we can have this documented. I don't understand how Sony doesn't give a fuck about this. There should be a petition or something
Beats are usually despised by audiophiles, but the latest models, from 2014 and later, are indeed very good. Maybe overpriced and with a sound signature not made for critical listening, but very good. I have the Solo 3 and love them, but they don't have ANC. I tried the Studio 3 and they are a bit less warm, the bass is tamed down compared to the Solo 3, and the treble more present. Anyway, if you use Apple devices like me and like the sound, there isn't anything like them. The pairing is fast and awesome, the battery autonomy is outrageous, and the bluetooth connectivity is flawless, no background hiss and best distance from source on the market. You won't find this characteristics in other models like Sony or Bose. If you like them I wouldn't change them, but many will say otherwise.
The pro is an inherently noisy system, in general. The slim, if you want, makes half the noise.

BUT, the thing is, Sony uses two producers for the fan (it did since the OG PS4). Delta and Nidec. If you happen to have a Delta fan PS4 Pro it will be way noisier than a Nidec fan PS4 Pro. That's why some says their pro is quiet, and other say it's a jumbo jet. Also no, there's no way to know which fan a PS4 mounts until you open it and check. I'm sorry mate.
With my Solo 3 I can't really hear the difference (maybe the difference is in the treble resolution, and treble is tastefully kept back on these), and the convenience of bluetooth is vastly superior to some difference I can't perceive without concentrating on it
Yeah, it's probably the best coffee shop in Italy, and a huge promoter of third wave culture! So not very representative of current italian culture 😅 I'm a few hundred km away, but next time I'm in Florence I'll try it
I didn't notice before Fallout 4 GOTY for 29,99€. Is it worth it? I usually like those kind of open world games (W3, HZD, Dying Light etc.). But don't know how inferior this is
well, yeah, it's one of those games that you can sell once you finish it

but I don't know if physical is this low yet
Yeah, I think there might be a genetic predisposition, I know I read about it somewhere. I can manage it right now, but if something will be available to "mute it", well sign me fucking up for that shit :D
This is strange. I had tinnitus since I can remember (in childhood), and have no hearing loss. If yours worsened recently you might have experienced hearing damage. OR, since the volume of tinnitus also depends on how much you "focus" on it psychologically, you might have started "noticing" it more, as you focused more on the headphone quality and music (I know because it happened to me). I basically forgot I got tinnitus for years, then I became a sort-of audiophile and started noticing again.
If yours is noisy buy a Nidec fan and change it. Delta fans are noisy as fuck, even when new and clean from dust. It happens the same with the latest Pro and Slim. Two fan producers, two levels of noise.
Delta are the noisy fans, Nidec are the quiet ones. I sold my jet engine chassis B a year ago for a slim, but otherwise I would have just bought a Nidec fan from Amazon or eBay and changed it.
refund and keep them? definitely chinese ones XD
This was very informative thanks
Honestly I’ve never heard about that, I see many posts about noise, but didn’t pay attention to WiFi issues ones. Well, good to know, I run wired with powerlines luckily, hope not to have to switch to WiFi :/ cheers mate
Your first clients would be your friends, family, or friends of your friends. Maybe someone who has a company. You can offer something for free in the beginning, to build a portfolio. Then, it's only referrals. HIGH END design doesn't get clients with Adwords, Facebook etc., it's from real people. Also raise your prices. You must be proud to cost more than other, and you need to be far better than the cheap ones. Look at some videos of thefutur on youtube. Other than that, it's still freaking hard. It doesn't really matter how good you are. Try fitting in in local stuff, commerce chamber, business networks and similar. The more social and extroverted you are, the better. You have to be a salesman most of the time. Studio or freelance is similar, but it depends. Working as aid for bigger agencies is very different than searching end clients.
This is exactly my plan. Good luck mate
wat, your PS4 must be defective mate

or your router
Honestly I became a fan of competitive online racing with this game. Never thought I would like it. And it was discounted pretty soon, so I'm pretty fucking happy to have bought it. I also like to play alone, just doing faster and faster lap times. It gives a great driving feeling (suspensions, weight transfer etc.), and it's fun to experience all the differences between each car.
Sì sì capisco. Quello che voglio dire è che se io domani mi sposo, il mio comportamento/atteggiamento nei confronti della mia compagna sarà uguale identico a prima. La "promessa" non c'è mai stata, ma è diventata implicita negli anni. Però sono d'accordo con te, in molti altri casi può essere una cosa utile, forse anche responsabilizzante.
Mah, si può sembrare un po' più solenne, ma all'atto pratico non cambia niente. Voglio dire, puoi convivere e impegnarti allo stesso modo, se vuoi. Magari c'è chi non ce la fa e ha bisogno dell'*ufficialità*, può essere. Io convivo da anni, magari prima o poi mi sposerò, ma se succederà non credo faremo nemmeno nessuna celebrazione. Faremo magari un festone per ricordare la data in cui ci siamo messi insieme, tanti e tanti anni fa, che ha sicuramente più significato.
Well I don't have an espresso machine (just a Nespresso one I got basically for free). I am basing my experience on years and years of coffee shops espresso. I know it shouldn't be too bitter... but alas we don't make great espresso in Italy, in most places.
La convivenza prima di un matrimonio è INDISPENSABILE. Non sai com'è veramente una persona finché non ci condividi degli spazi h24. Anche 6 mesi possono essere sufficienti.

Il matrimonio non ha nessun valore, e nessuna utilità se non vi *servono* le tutele legali che garantisce (ma anche gli obblighi..). Se siete giovani, non avete grandi proprietà o niente figli, è fondamentalmente inutile. Anzi, se magari vi troverete in una situazione difficile (vi auguro di no) potrebbe anche diventare un'ostacolo, e condannarti ad una vita miserabile con una persona con cui non stai bene. C'è poi chi in queste situazioni fa figli e si fotte del tutto. 

Se vi volete bene il matrimonio non serve, però se fa piacere prima o poi puoi farlo. Ma io aspetterei anni, non è che quando arrivi a casa da sposato la vita cambia, è tutto uguale a prima.
Siamo un paese estremamente inefficiente. Abbiamo tantissime leggi, questo porta alla necessità di molti dipendenti pubblici e indotto (commercialisti ecc.) che non creano ricchezza, ma la consumano. Come conseguenza il nostro sistema giudiziario non funziona o non conviene, quindi molte cause non vengono intentate e ci sono soldi persi. Infine, e più importante, il popolo italiano non è molto civile e una larga parte continua a non pagare le tasse col nero. E questo capitava già negli anni '80 quando stavamo da dio. Ma ora la scusa è che ci sono tante tasse per cui w il nero e che si fotta lo stato, questo è il sentimento comune. Siamo semplicemente un paese strutturalmente e culturalmente fottuto.
Happened the same. I've never bought any other psn or non AAA game after that. And will continue not buying them. It's sad but I've a lot of games to play, I certainly can wait to have them for free and more complete.
I wish! There are not to be found here. The closest one I think it's in Florence, or Milan, but it would be a hours long trip from where I live. I hope to btw. I'd love some acidic, bright espresso compared to the nutty chocolatey ones. I almost bought an espresso machine myself to try, but it would have been *a little* overkill..

Also yeah, italian espresso is "nice" but rarely good. Italians won't pay more than 1 euro for it, so it can't be made of high quality beans. They love their robusta over here. It's a very hard market for anything "new", sadly.
Well, I like the *aesthetics* too. It's very cool to see the color gradients, in particular in a clear cup. But the taste is too mild for me. And I like the perfectly clear cup of a pour over too, without sediments. Just like tea :D I use a double walled cup for increased effect [Imgur](https://i.imgur.com/5w9VsLM.jpg)

Cheers!
Well yeah, I’m Italian =) you can only see espressos and cappuccinos and macchiatos and mokas over here. I have an HARD time buying light roasts and filters, and my friends thinks I’m crazy drinking that “watered down” coffee. Here no one knows about third wave or specialty coffees. Italians just drink average arabica/robusta blends, and enjoy coffee swirls on their milk foam (the famous “latte” art). I don’t get it but whatever rocks their boat!
Well, drinking coffee black is considered the “purest” way to enjoy it, and I like it that way (it required training), but I reckon that there’s not a right way to drink it. I’m sure with no sugar you can definitely enjoy good coffee with good milk compared to some shitty one. But whatever, one might even like instant coffee with spray cream, I’ve learned not to be an elitist, there’s space for any taste
I’ve never understood if I have to select the pole too, or just the sign 
Oh ok. I’m not crazy for milk but yeah, there are a lot of pleasing ways to use an espresso. Personally I think that good coffee is wasted that way, because milk and sugar can make anything taste “good”, and I’m enjoying tasting all the slight differences between various coffees. But we are both right, the only important thing is to enjoy coffee in any way we please =)
To me it was the contrary. Since I discovered pour over and light roasts I despise espresso. The tea like, non bitter nature of a pour over, and the slow ritual of drinking it, is much more enjoyable to me, than a quick, concentrated bitter sip of an espresso shot which I was used to (italian here)
Io voterò i radicali, che almeno fanno qualcosa per i diritti civili, tanto sto giro la sinistra è spacciata
To be fair regular diamonds are worth very little to none too, and are sold outrageously overpriced 
Mindfulness and Cognitive Behavioral Therapy. You can’t heal until you are able to identify your thoughts, and rule them out as lies
Never tried active meditation yet, will do =) happy new year too!
Sony uses two manufacturers for the fan, Delta and Nidec. The Delta fans are always noisy, even when clean without dust, even when new. This is a problem with all PS4s, from the OG to the Pro. If you want a quiet PS4, just buy a Nidec fan on ebay or amazon and change it. You can clean a Delta how much as you want, it will always be noisy (tried that myself, you can search the subreddit and confirm this)
So now I've watched the video, and mine is very similar!
Yeah, the Feld has a ticker shaft (﻿ ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) so the turns are different. Some burr rub is normal, but it would be interesting to see what happens with others' too.
I don't know, my Aergrind has a slight concentricity too (every one has it I think, to some degree). Mine has a very, very faint burr rub at 0:10 (but the Aer turns are different from Feld, 0 to 1 is Turkish, 1 to 2 is espresso, 2 and upward are pourover/French). But it's way less than 0,5mm, there's like a 0,1mm space more in one side than the other. The grind is more consistent than my old hario mini mill.
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)

But I also think the game was good, because she was hot but situations were never sexual or implied an interest, so in the end I never thought there was any kind of romance between the characters

BUMMER  ʕ ͡° ʖ̯ ͡°ʔ
Così a naso mi aspettavo una distribuzione esattamente come questa. D'altraparte dopo tanti anni di sinistra un cambiamento era prevedibile, è sempre così. Comunque non avrei mai creduto di poterlo dire, ma meglio la destra che i pentastellati.
First time I hear that honestly. It was mind blowing, YET simple. Like, how couldn't I see it coming? And I still was amazed. It's not an entirely new concept either. But was narrated perfectly.
Start thinking about coffee weight and caffeine. Daily healthy limit is 400mg of caffeine, or roughly 35 grams of arabica coffee. Starbucks or espresso coffee might have some robusta, which has more caffeine. So, try to understand how much coffee you drink per day. Let's say 60 grams. Try slowly lowering that value, like 5 grams per day. Reach 35 grams per day over the span of a week or two, that should be enough to train your body, without too many side effects (headaches etc.)
I use 2:10 in my broke-in Aergrind for V60, "old" non tabbed filters. May go a notch or two coarser if your Aer is new, or for tabbed filters. I usually brew 18 grams of light roast coffee. Coarser seem to underextract.
🤣
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbru2H2-4No
non mi piace esteticamente ma me la scoperei solo per come pensa
quello a destra è famoso per le sue trollate :asd: ma scrive comunque cose quasi sensate a sto giro
Well yeah, maybe GTS is a simulator so good that it will crash your console in case of a hard collision, for increased realism. I love this game even more now!
Doing the licenses and circuit times definitely aren't grinding, they'll teach you a lot for daily races. By the way yeah, "grinding" is the faster way. You can master a circuit and get a free car fairly easily, you can gold the easiest 60% circuits in 10-15 mins each. Also licenses are fairly easy and fast, especially the first ones.
I would be more concerned about the PS4 shutting off. Looks like overheating, definitely not normal. That could certainly lead to corrupt system files or save games. Maybe this time wasn't GTS's fault (I know about the problems about save game corruption)
...and anyway that didn't happen
3,5” drives need an additional power supply. An enclosure with its own power supply will be fine 
Yes, but it’s enjoyable anyway. Buy it on sale for less than 20$ though
Does your monitor have an headphone output?
No problem! I was just trying to be helpful for others who may have been reading. Hope you’ll be able to treat yours, even a little. Cheers mate!
Sorry, but looks like you didn’t understand the matter. Apple did a bad job only in communication, what they did to the iPhones is actually a good thing
Oh, yeah I know there are various intensity ones. I'm sorry. What I can say from experience is that in the beginning my tinnitus was really pissing me off. And the more I kept hearing and thinking about it, the louder it became. To the level of being more powerful than ambient noise, and intruding when I talked or listened to music (think about 70dB perceived volume). Also I became more sensitive to noises. Maybe my tinnitus is mild, and it's why the technique I'm using is working on me (mainly tinnitus retraining therapy (TRT) and mindfulness). Basically you will always hear your tinnitus, but you train your brain to not *pay attention*.
It's super long, I'm 44 hours in and I'm not yet at 50% of the main game story. Never launched the DLC yet. Paid 17,99€ this summer for the enhanced edition, well worth it.
Nope! Everyone's tinnitus sounds different. You can use everything, having tinnitus doesn't necessarily means you have lost hearing. And as a tinnitus bearer myself, I can tell you that if you learn to genuinely not give a fuck about it, you will "forget" about it for days and days in a row. The more you think it's a problem, the more your brain will focus on it, and the more "volume" you'll hear. Roughly 20% of population has it.
Wow, this location is in the Gran Turismo Sport PS4 game as photo location, I would never have guessed what it really is
Yeah but why does she have moustache
Yeah, I did it when I switched to soft tires. But I swear, before rebooting there was something fishy with the AI. They would pass me on a straight line. Never seen that level of rubber banding, especially in these “easy” races. I don’t know if it were just the tires, but I won easily after that. IDK. But thanks, I will definitely change tires after this. Soft seem to grip a lot more
I rebooted the game and was fine again. The first one was faster but once passed there was no rubber banding anymore. I don't know what happened, my time was better because I switched to soft tires, but I drove basically the same
Yes already to the max. By the way I rebooted the game and was fine again. I switched to soft tires and drove a little faster, but the rubber banding was gone. Thanks!
It's a roughly 50% chance your fan will be a jet engine. The Pro isn't a quiet system (at least compared to the slim), but the problem is that Sony uses two producers for the fan. One is Delta and the other one is Nidec. If you get a Delta PS4 you'll get jet like fan noise. A Nidec one would be quiet (not dead silent but quieter). What you can do is:

* Keep returning it until you get a Nidec one

* Order a new Nidec fan on eBay and change it yourself

* Deal with it (headphones helps)


Source: Past owner of two Delta chassis B PS4, current owner of a Nidec PS4 slim
I don't have them but I have other bluetooth headphones. Simply, the PS4 can't use bluetooth for audio transport. Even the official Gold or Platinum wireless headset have their own usb wireless dongle to insert in an USB port on the PS4. But the PS4 just won't "see" any bluetooth headset. If you want to use them you'll have to use the cable, and insert it in the controller headphone jack. Another problem is that, this way, you won't be able to switch off the mic, so it will always pickup your audio while you play. Gaming headsets instead have a switch on the mic (or the official ones have a button to switch it off, or they go off when they don't sense audio). I bought the Gold headset for this very reason. You can google ps4 bluetooth audio or something similar to confirm this.

So yeah, I would keep the MDR1000X if you enjoy good music (they are great), but for gaming I'll suggest to buy another cheaper pair. If you want to use them just for gaming.. better return them. Sucks I know.

Happy Holidays!
The licenses will teach you A LOT! :)
Yes, the 4.30 =)
Sennheiser 4.50BT?
Yeah probably. But one thing that bothered me, I bought the Mustang Gr.3 road car, and after a couple days I got it for free doing some other race. So in the end you can get them anyway eventually 
Thanks! I’m cautious about spending miles because I also need to buy ALL THE COLORS/RIMS

I’ve a problem, I know
I usually buy only cheap cars (<100k), because eventually you’ll get all of them for free. And super fast cars are too easy to drive. Money is easy to get the first time you do stuff. But I’d get bored doing them again (circuit experience etc.)
Is this car worth to trade miles for?
Wait till you have 3-4 times the same car :)
Oh yeah, competition is good for us. But the gap.. especially in user experience, is huge. Hope they catch up soon
I hope they just buy and rebrand Spotify at this point
I think it’s inhumane, brutal and mean for euthanasia to be illegal.
No fai pure il un reso
A me invece fa godere come cerchi, senza riuscirci, di far sembrare i dati in qualche modo negativi. L’Italia si sta finalmente evolvendo e quasi stento a crederci, è bellissimo.
Not in wireless mode, only wired
I wondered the same myself. Maybe we adjust our "perceived" volume around that frequency. Or it's arbitrary. I don't really know, nor I know where to read about it..
CENTERED AT 1KHZ! Thanks, I always wondered how the graphs were "centered" between them. I thought it was volume. But this makes sense!

The correct graph to look at to is the "non raw", where it can be seen the AKG more present in the treble (and bass)
Also coffee roasters and grinders at an industrial level, it’s the same compound as of the popcorn

Should be safer in smaller quantities but still..
Yes, almost immediately after the update. So lucky
So there’s still this delta fans problem. Why don’t they just stop using them, I don’t understand. Damn
He's very bad, but I don't think he's intentionally ruining the other's race. He just seems unaware of his surroundings and a bad driver
AFAIK the 580/600/6XX/650 all have a 38mm 300 Ohm driver, the 660S and this 58X have a new 40mm 150 Ohm driver
If you can amp the 6XX correctly these seem inferior. Less bass, less resolution, more sharpness in the treble
I drink the last pourover cup (9 grams of coffee and 150ml) around 21pm. No problems sleeping (at 1-2am)

IIRC the body processes the caffeine in 3ish hours
Sad it had to happen. Luckily I can still use Stanley, reminds me of the old one. The only thing I don’t like of the new icon are the eyes. Why so happy? I’m realizing that part of the charm was due to the neutral/blank stare of the old eyes. But maybe it will grow on me. Keep up the good work as always!
Oh sorry, I understood the *distributor* thought it was fine, not OE directly. Well, I don't know what I would do then.

For what it's worth I got stalling too, even with my Aergrind. Light roast coffee is less soluble so even with a perfect grind it could stall.
It would be ok as long as it has fundamentally different interfaces based on the device it’s running 
In this photo the grind doesn't look *that* bad anyway, imo, for what I can see
Oh... well it's easy to have a good espresso grind even with burr rub, but probably they never did it anyway 😅

I'd try to make a photo, the most detailed possible, and send it directly to OE via mail, and ask them if it's normal, and if it's not how you can fix it. If they recognize the flaw they may talk with the distributor and authorize the return, maybe. I don't know..
Well yeah, a little of burr rub is normal, at very fine setting. I got a little too on my Aergrind on the first settings, the one for Turkish coffee. But it's strange that OE checked and found no issues. Do you have other coffees to try? Maybe it's the coffee
If you hadn't use the flash in your photo they would be basically the same! (other than your BMW being better)
What does a coarse grind look like with your Lido? Big chunks with a lot of very fine powder? If it's that way there can be something wrong with it, maybe alignment. Do you experience burr rub and at which settings?

If instead you get a fine powder of coffee even with a coarse grind, there could be a problem with calibration.

But I'm not a Lido expert by any means, I got a Knock grinder because I'm EU based too, and getting a Lido would have been a pain in the ass

I sometimes buy coffee from coffeecircle.de though, their yirgacheffe is amazing 
You can do whatever you please. Traditionally, people who like espresso like the chocolatey, intense, nutty flavors of a dark roast. But third wave and hipstery coffeshops are using a light roast for espresso too. The result is acidic, fruity, different. Someone really likes it, someone not. The same with filter coffee. With better coffees it has been found that a light roast can produce a brew which makes you taste better the notes. Fruity, floral, sweet. With filter and a light roast you can get a coffee that is more similar to a tea, but taste phenomenal. Using a medium/dark roast you somewhat "ruin" these characteristic, and all coffees tend to taste the same. So the latest trend, which I support wholeheartedly, is to use lighter roast for filter extractions. But there's plenty of people who likes a filter medium/dark coffee roast (it's the way drip coffee is usually done). So it's up to you.
Personally I don't like medium and dark roasts extracted with filter. Filter extractions make notes come out more distinctly, and medium/dark coffee has a burnt/woody/chocolatey/roasty taste that I don't really want to taste so well. I'm saying that maybe you're not doing anything wrong, it's just that you don't like that kind of roast. Usually it's used in moka/espresso and other concentrated extractions.
Your grind seems too fine, but still, it also depends on coffees. Sometimes I get fines similar to yours even with a coarse grind with my Aergrind. Then I use another coffee and get perfect ground coffee basically without fines. For some reason some coffees produce more fines than others, using the same equipment and settings.
You can choose sources for microphone and output in audio system preferences
It was 19,99€ in EU the other week
I actually find analog steering better than gyro in GTS. Gyro is tiring and makes me lose grip to the other buttons. GTS and Driveclub are the two best racing games out yet, one kind of simulative, the other arcadey but not too much like NFS
DAMN. This explains a lot thanks
I copied it on my 6S, but it seems quieter and less "audible" than the old ones, at the same volume
Yes there has been. Hopefully they'll change their mind.
It depends on the headphone. The fatigue mostly comes from the treble. My old Fidelio X2, or any "audiophile" grade headphone, would cause me pain at 85+dB in half an hour. But I can blast my Beats, XB500 or Urbanite (or any other basshead headphone) at very high volume for as long as I'd want, without any particular discomfort (of course we're not talking about deafening volume, just higher than what you would use normally).
She's a bitch and yet someone still offers help. Mind blowing
Yeah... maybe I need more time to understand PJ2 too. I don't know, maybe when it will be heavily discounted. I'm a GT aficionado though, so I'm happy with it for now
There's a demo for PJ2 on the store. Only 3 races but you can get an idea. I didn't like it, but maybe I'll buy it when it will be on sale/cheap. I got GTS a month ago for 29,90€ and love it, content is lacking a bit now, but will arrive eventually. It's a very polished game and driving feels great (using a controller at the moment). I'm actually enjoying the online races a lot more than I expected. It's stressful but also a great feeling, the need to behave well and check your sportsmanship towards other players.
Don’t get the 1000 or 1100, too old and fucking noisy

1200 or slim, or you’re in for a bad time (or get the old ones EXTRA cheap)
I think you forgot your /s
Get it, with all DLCs, it’s fantastic and a bargain. Then you can also buy Gran Turismo Sport when it’s on sale again. Very polished, oriented to online multiplayer but a career mode is coming. You need both, arcadey and more simulative. You can also get Project Cars 2, but it’s harder to enjoy without a wheel because it’s even more simulative. Finally, for the absolute best realistic experience, get Assetto Corsa. It’s cheap, graphically dated, but the most accurate (and hard).
Super down, EU
Can you try a wired Ethernet connection, to rule out WiFi issues?

I use wired through powerlines without problems 
You simply need both. They are masterpieces in their own way. Driveclub more arcadey, emotional, GTS more technical (but not too much), with its personality (art, driving school, sportsmanship in online races). Damn good games
Yes, plenty. Love this game
This series is a work of art. I still remember how strange GT5 introduction video was. Or GTS, with Boccioni sculpture. It teaches you how to drive. Sportsmanship. Scapes with beautiful places of the world. It really tries to teach you what’s great in this world, other than driving cars. It has a soul. Fantastic 
You and me, we’re in this together now 
[Nine Inch Nails cit.]
Wooooooooot! I thought it ended already!
I tried the demo of Project Cars 2... maybe it was too limited or I had expectations set too high, but it didn't feel much more "real" in car handling compared to gran turismo. Actually I think it seemed too easy (I deactivated all assists)
Should be jee-vee https://translate.google.it/#it/en/givi
dovrebbe essere "al tratto"
The first Major weren't that great, and that ruined their image. But the latest ones, and the Urbanears which are similar, are good. As already said they are made by Zound, with license to use Marshall brand.

I was just about to buy the Major II bluetooth, as it is usually discounted 50% (79€ instead of 150€), has 20 hours of autonomy and good connection (but some report a slight humming buzz in bluetooth). Sound signature is BASS MIDS no treble. It's hard to find anything better at that price. The Mid model instead has a more v-shaped sound, BASS no mids TREBLE. The Monitor over-ear model is supposedly monitor, but it's still slightly v-shaped. If you can find them discounted they are good value. They are not "audiophile" sounding cans, but decent to pretty good consumer headphones. Tyll from Innerfidelity briefly tried the latest ones and was impressed (was a brief comment of some sound fair, I can't remember which)
Il codacons è quello contro i vaccini e le scie kimike no? Che poi pure li intervistano in tv neanche avessero una parvenza di credibilità :facepalm:
They never came from Sennheiser before..
FUCK. I really shouldn't have passed up on that HD6XX
Ok, te lo chiedo perché a parte aziende molto grandi e che stanno molto bene economicamente, da poter dire "ok questo lo assumiamo non si sa mai", nella maggiorparte dei casi devi mandare il curriculum giusto al momento giusto. Altrimenti se un'azienda non ha un bisogno impellente di personale in QUEL momento ti dirà che non ha bisogno, e poi si dimenticheranno di te. Magari 2 settimane dopo mettono un annuncio e si dimenticano di tutti quelli passati quando non gli serviva. Detto questo sei in una fascia "difficile", perché sarà pieno di gente che cercherà lavori di quel tipo, ed è facile trovare qualcuno di più qualificato (chessò, che ha fatto l'alberghiero per lavorare in ristoranti, o che ha già fatto il venditore per fare il commesso). Hai già provato da agenzie interinali?
Autocandidature o stai rispondendo ad annunci specifici per i quali risulti qualificato?
Yes, and it's the reason I use Apple products (and why I don't have a gaming pc). Just great interface and user interaction, no headaches, everything works and is pretty. The end result is plenty of time freed, to be used for gaming or working.
We’re in this because some people actually spend money on microtransactions. If we just left them there unused there would be no problem, and they would just stop putting them
I run a service business and can confirm all the points (well, excluding seasonality). Great post
I love both. NMS is more romantic, arcade, very easy and dreamy and with a colored space sky. Elite Dangerous is serious. The space is black, and huge. You have to master your ship, everything is slightly harder for no particular reason, but it makes you feel a commander. You are proud of every landing (when not using docking computer). There's plenty of non documented stuff around, everything is confusing but it's what makes it feel "real". NMS is more like Need for Speed, and ED is like Gran Turismo or Assetto Corsa. I think a space enthusiast should have both.
There are definitely big variations. I experienced this myself, after I returned my first chassis B PS4. The new one was still fucking noisy, but a little bit less. Probably still a Delta fan, but maybe worse thermal paste? I don't know. I was so damn happy when I sold it. Catching a quiet PS4 it has always been a roulette, and in the end I was lucky with my actual slim (I'd never risk buying a pro). Let's just linger in this joyful and quiet moment of appreciation of life mate 🧘‍♂️
Looks like a tooth
They're not aftermarket AFAIK. And reading this subreddit makes me think that yeah, there are noisy and quiet pros just like the older PS4s. But there isn't much info around, the pro is still too new. And as you can see, it's a delicate topic. Most people don't like thinking that their console is different or noisier than others. Most threads and comments about noise are often downvoted. So yeah, I'm just happy now with my slim that I can't hear, if I can I drop this nuggets of information, but I can't be more helpful than that :\
I don't really know, but this recent thread seems helpful https://www.reddit.com/r/PS4/comments/73vfi9/image_so_i_changed_my_noisy_ps4_delta_fan_for_a/
Well, it has been tested. Pro noise level is around 54dB, like the old C revision of the fatty (the matte one). Which is fairly quiet. The slim is around 44dB, which is half the noise of the pro. The first two revisions of the PS4 reached 64 or more dB, which is double the Pro, or four times the noise of the slim. That is upsetting. I know because I had one, I sold it because of the noise.

Then yeah, there are two fan producers, Delta and Nidec. If you happen to have a quieter Nidec fan, it can happen for your PS4 to be more quiet. But it's a 50% chance roughly. Then as dust piles up a PS4 can become even noisier, of course.
Ahah yeah, we all say it to ourselves. Just before looking at that oh so shiny new pair I can really use...
Oh yeah I completely agree. I think you're already on the right path, Sennheisers are known to sound very natural and correct with classical music. You can get the Sennheiser HD6XX on Massdrop for 199$ (which is just a rebadged HD650 which cost 349$ IIRC), and with an external amp some will say it can be and "end game" for pretty much anything, and particularly classical music. But the improvement to your HD569 will not be "dramatic" (diminishing returns...). The mid centered sound and timbre will be similar. Enjoy the journey!
"ok, your tonsils are fine"
I don't understand the Beats bashing. I tried different mid-fi cans (X2s etc.) and Beats aren't worse. They are just tuned different. I am treble sensitive, so as much as I'd like a clear and bright headphone to hear all the details, I can't as my eardrum would become sore in 10 minutes. I have to buy "basshead" cans. And Beats are perfect in that regard, I can listen to them for hours, no fatigue. I can hear shitty youtube videos. No problems at all. I charge them once a month, and can roam the full house in bluetooth. I don't really hear the difference to wired. Apple knows most consumers want something like this, so they give them (and me) exactly that. Bose aren't better, they just have more metallic treble which give some users the feeling of "detail". That would blast my ears. But it's not that a different tuning make a product worse. Beats driver "resolution", the capability of resolving fine detail, is actually not that bad. But the treble "volume" is just intentionally lowered. But it's ok, to each their own. My Sennheiser Urbanite sound very much similar to my Beats Solo 3, they are just not wireless and less comfortable.
Alas the Pro is an inherently noisy system. Not as noisy as the first PS4, but you'll definitely hear it. I specifically bought a slim because I need silence to immerse in a game. Luckily I don't have a 4K tv or PSVR, which would have benefited from a Pro.
Il problema di Satispay è il cacchio di budget settimanale, come se io potessi prevedere quanto spendo, anche perché è sempre più usato ma comunque poco. Uno in pratica dovrebbe impostarlo molto alto e bon
If things are going to change in future games then it's a win
Still too much, as I'm sure digital purchases in general are getting more popular
Unlocking weapons actually makes me play the game, and use weapons that I wouldn't have otherwise appreciated
No problem mate. I just use many other anonymous services with no problems. Reddit is anonymous too, but it's a lot less toxic (depending on subreddits). There are many other places I use which are anonymous (plenty of forums) and everything is fine. 4chan is toxic because it is known to be, so if you want that kind of experience you know to go there. I know anonymity is a key ingredient to cyberbullying, but it's not that anonymity automatically implies it. Plus, it's hard to be bullied if you mask your true identity. 4chan /b/ is shitty when it targets real people. But most of the time it's people jerking off and trolling each other because they enjoy it (yeah they also did very nasty stuff). Imagine an internet where being anonymous is forbidden (which was a proposed law in Italy, for example). Can you imagine? Cyberbullying would be there too, it's already happening on Facebook and people use their real name, they don't care. They're just that stupid. But you'll think twice before talking about a lot of things (say you want to talk about personal problems and hear someone out, or if you want to talk about sexual/political/religious matters). Anonymity is also privacy and it's so important. Then you can abuse it, yeah.
It’s toxic, but not because of anonymity 
But you can be sincere 
It’s already like that on instagram 
I don’t know. Traditional social medias are boring. Reddit and games are not. I can get addicted reading a book in the same way. I have to know things. That’s my loop. What’s there to learn from Facebook/Twitter? Nothing really useful or exciting 
Well there’s more useful content here to read, even without participating. Facebook is just noise
I think the turning point is being anonymous. I’m ok having a couple of fake Facebook accounts to troll a little and say what I really think, as I do here. The problem is when you do it with your name and face, or you see your friends do it and realize they’re stupid. It’s better not to know 
HAMMER TIME!

vado via
It's a Gr.4 IIRC, I can choose the tuned 458 or tuned 4C. It's the one where you have to adjust power/fuel consumption and make a pit stop in a 15 laps race, and finish 1st for the gold. Changing the right fuel ratio though the race is what fucks me usually..
Damn, I'm stuck in getting a gold in the 15 laps endurance race in mission challenges
Love that little thingie 
fuck yeah

I just tested my 13 months old 6S, everything is fine, phew
DO IT

DO IT 

DO IT

no really, do it
:(
"Single doses of caffeine up to 200mg and daily intakes of up to 400mg do not raise safety concerns for adults in Europe. These are two of the provisional findings of EFSA’s Scientific Opinion on the safety of caffeine from all sources" http://www.efsa.europa.eu/en/press/news/150115

"For the general population of healthy adults, Health Canada advises a daily intake of no more than 400 mg." https://www.canada.ca/en/health-canada/services/food-nutrition/food-safety/food-additives/caffeine-foods/foods.html

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caffeine

I could find others, but they all tend to gravitate around that number
I still have mine in working conditions. It's not very fast though..
Well, it is known that America has a problem about serving sizes..
Well, a caffeine overdose can kill. But you’d be drinking like 100 espressos in a short time.

Daily healthy intake limit is 400mg, which roughly corresponds to 35 grams of beans 
He’s right, I don’t remember where Patrick explained this, maybe on an Instagram comment. Feld 2 build is conceptually similar to the Aergrind, less serviceable, but same burrs, non removable handle, bigger
There is not. I bought one and returned it for this very reason. Outrageous misalignment and shitty grind. Many amazon complaints are similar. I think it’s a design flaw. I bought an Aergrind for a little more, it’s a day and night difference.
I don’t particularly like them, but they nailed the retro feeling. It’s an headphone an average joe will remember. The other ones? Not so much 
Sorry but to me the Sennheiser's industrial design has always been pretty shitty. The Momentums being the only recent exception. Baroque, too overworked, or just plain boring but without being minimalistic.
I don't think it's a good idea. Freeze the coffee instead, it will be really really similar. You are on the limit of healthy daily caffeine intake (which is 400mg, or roughly 35 grams of arabica), more than that can lead to side effects (jitters, headaches, anxiety etc.). Moreover... once acquired, a tolerance it's hard to get rid of. You will always need more and more coffee to feel its effects.
Having no logo sends sketchy vibes
I never had a PS2 so no nostalgia for me, but I might still buy it
And
The fan is always running, but in the menu, without games/apps in background, you shouldn't be able to hear it, unless you crank your face on the console. You should only hear the fan during intensive gaming.
Sorry, I’m Italian 😅
To me until there isn't a brain there is no person. And in the first three months of a pregnancy a fetus definitely don't have a brain, so I'm ok with that term. 
Daaamn
Damn, didn't know it. Hope everything will work out well bro 💪
Well, it's still better than hearing damage. That isn't fixable
Well I've read countless reviews/threads, and tried myself. It's the reason I've sold much equipment (X2, E10K etc.), I just couldn't tell the difference and the inconvenience wasn't worth it. To each its own though
sorry :(
Well yeah in that case yes! But different external dacs.. the difference are really.. reeeeally subtle 
Yes also that. But PortaPros are partially open. If what you are liking is a "more open" and "wide" sound then it's that. If it's the amount of bass, mids or treble is the sound signature.
it's flaccid, in the position it would be like when you stand on the couch, you know
Bose drivers are generally considered superior (but their true power is noise cancelling), but the driver AFAIK is the same as other not noise canceling Bose headphones which cost half of those. But you might enjoy more the PortaPro sound signature, which is different. The PortaPros are amazing for what they cost though, so yeah their "quality" difference might not be that big, if we talk about resolution and driver quality.
In a blind test the differences would be very hard to hear, if at all
No crashes here, 6S just updated
0,5 is nothing, and Beyers aren't known to driver match very well. I'd say it's normal. On many, many headphones you can normally see 1-3dB differences in graphs, at various frequencies.
No it's more like "wow, I can tinker, amazing. This is getting fun. I wonder how much more tinker I'll be able to do in a pc. Wow, and no ps plus to pay to play online. Maybe I'll buy a gaming pc"
I can't wait not to download it
They probably don't work very well, but people are happy to have them and think they work
I can't find the source of this list
True caller is Swedish though, but yeah those app, if free, must have something shady. Many said the spam calls increased after installing them (they ask your cell phone number and contact list, that's the shady part)
They're adding complexity to a system designed to be simple. I don't think it's the right direction, because it will lead people to just buy a PC instead.
I received my Aergrind before I received the tracking
Heh, that captcha is really aggressive. It's everywhere now. 

Anyway I passed it and can play just fine. My only regret in not having a pro is that the resolution is limited to 720p in remote play. Other than that, it's great to play on the Mac in the studio when the TV is used by someone else in the living room.
It's a third party app. And a similar one was banned before. Shady.
those can? fuck
You can't, can you? You can only use your phone/tablet as a *second* screen for the PS4, not for actual remote play (as I do on the Mac, connecting the DS4 with an USB cable). Maybe they can't connect the DS4 to an iOS device via bluetooth, so they don't allow true, full remote play
By the way I don't understand why Sony makes a remote app that works with my Mac, but doesn't make one that works with iOS. It's not that I'm buying a Vita to remote play anyway.
I'd make it consider a DOA product (dead on arrival) to have it exchanged bypassing Sony, who would just send you a refurb
Trust me, it’s better like this. In Italy the church gets 1 billion euro per year of our taxes. We could really use that money in our country.
Check the law, this can become a nightmare pretty easily. If you resell them you'll need to give warranty to the end clients too. And if you "modded" them, you'll probably void the manufacturer warranty. You definitely need to work something with the manufacturers directly. But I'm not sure they will be ok giving away their brand. Maybe a collaboration.
Very happy with mine too, the kickstarter cost me 76€ with a t-shirt, mug and aerdisc plus the Aergrind. Impressed.
It was yesterday, in a major italian retailer: mediaworld.it
Yes I'm aware thanks. Still costly and a pain in the butt, but better than nothing. I've sold my DFGT though. I'm still not sure if I'll ever buy another wheel.
I don’t know, I feel my 6S to run as before. Never have crashes or other stuff. Minor bugs maybe, but nothing serious
I loved the “bug fixes” changelog 
I felt the same at the beginning, but after I read ways to make money (exploring) I started learning a lot fast, upgraded my ship and started to really have fun. I also discovered the official PDF manual which explains A LOT. I’m not an expert but now I somewhat understand something!
I did the same, but love them both for different reasons
Driveclub absolutely
Then Gran Turismo Sport
Then Project Cars 2, then Assetto Corsa

This is from the most arcadey to the most simulative 
I passed on the 6XX again, and also on the 99€ HD598. And also on 199€ Momentum 2. I WILL BE STRONG. I WILL. I.. will. YES. 

Yes?
Yeah.. I know.. but supposedly (as Sony stated) PS5 will be a "new" system, so not compatible backwards, but developing for it will be very similar to developing for PS4. So they won't have to "relearn" the platform again, it will be just a faster console. So, I hope, develop for it will be faster than before, when differences in hardware between playstation were huge
Well they said it will be all free... I hope so at least, they'd be fucked otherwise. The game already dropped hard in price because it was lacking, I think they won't screw it up
G25/G27 are not compatible with PS4. The Driving Force GT isn't compatible either. Those are locked to PS3. But I see some wheels which are PS3/PS4 compatible, so I'm not sure what's the problem. I think it's a matter of licensing between Logitech and Sony, but for sure they won't work. Actually I think I'm not buying a wheel. Thinking that in 2-3 years it won't work on PS5 would drive me mad.
In time for PS5 I think, 2,5 years away
Well, yes. Though they are adding content, cars and a "career" like the other GTs, so my guess is that in a couple months it will be very similar to the old ones.

Anyway, I hope that developing games for the PS5 is similar to the PS4, because we are a couple years away from a new console generation, and I don't think an hypothetical GT7 should be released on the PS4. I kind of wanted GT6 to be PS4 too, but developing for PS3 was very hard and totally different than PS4.
Yeah 2:4 is quite good for the Aeropress with my Aer. Consider than when super new you'll have to wear the coating of the burrs a little, so for the first week it will grind a little finer with the same turns. So maybe you can start with 2:6 and lower it after a few days
Sorry, I needed to be more specific. Why do you buy products *engineered and designed by Chinese companies*. Some of them are good (think FiiO for audio products), but the vast majority, in particular the cheap stuff, is absolute crap.
If you want coffee that is similar to a tea try an ethiopian arabica, specialty grade, roasted LIGHT, and maybe buy an Aeropress too. It will be amazing how coffee can taste sweet and fruity and floral
Damn guys why do you buy this Chinese crap
Yep that's my progression. I'm a bit bored of the aspx though, the cobra is so cozy inside, the aspx is glass everywhere, you feel.. naked. But loving those internal slots.
AFAIK the minimum needed to outperform a Nespresso machine (or to make a good enough espresso) is a Gaggia Classic. You'll also need a quality grinder, manual (Lido or Feldgrind) or electric (Lelit).