Thanks for reminding me of him :(
Pure sex 
Case in point...I was supposed to start another job today. 
Deborah Shoshlefski. 142 South Windsor Lane. Dead. Car accident. Case closed. 
It’s the only way Tony. 
“What do they call a Whopper?”
Jesus Christ man can it get anymore obvious. Everything is a fucking joke at this point. 
Perfectly balanced. As all things should be. 
I’m surprised they never brought up pretzel day again. 
Everything is proceeding as I have foreseen. 
*Turtle voice* “Hyup!”
You’re life is so messy. My life is amazing. 
I’M GIVIN IT ALL I’VE GOT
Me too ☺️
GENERAL ODINOBI
>rubes & bumpkins 

Giuliani joining Trumps’s legal team 😂
I volunteer ;)
Mueller vs. Giuliani. That’s the best he’s got. 
Hopefully he’ll come back in an anthology film. I understand the reasoning for killing him off in TLJ but it would be a shame not to know more about him and not utilize Andy Serkis more. 
I’M JOE GRIZZLY BITCH 
I think the first one was actually very good. Ye second one was hot garbage. 
🅱️🅱️🅱️ 🅱️🅱️🅱️ 🅱️🅱️🅱️🅱️🅱️🅱️ 🅱️🅱️ 🅱️🅱️ 🅱️🅱️🅱️🅱️
I’ve been looking forward to eels 
Do I dare hope 
No
Only I can play this particular flavor of Symmetra. 
“Breakfast of champions”
I volunteer 
Adorable 💜
W H Y W O U L D Y O U D O S U C H A T H I N G
Let the bells of Dunder Mifflin chime out your love. 
Same as the ratio of unicorns to leprechauns 
The least surprising thing I’ve ever read
Ultron Buster 
Hey now we’re trying to talk politics not controversial stuff like BBQ. 
Or I could melt it in front of your face. 
Get fucked
Ok “Nick”. We’re in a meeting. 
I will now be referring to Thanos exclusively as THanod Moll. 
Vintage gay love sustains me. 
Yeah they were stupid enough to let me into one of em. Idiots. 
I did a paper on the Winter War. Interesting stuff. 
You think I’m one of Stark’s?! One of his HOLLOW MEN??
I actually didn’t wanna see it cause my parents forced me to go with a group of Jehovah’s Witnesses “friends” who I didn’t really care for.  Ended up really liking the movie. 
Crazy, I legitimately remember seeing Iron Man in the theater. I was so young. 
It's pronounced colonel it's the highest rank in the military. 
We'll be somewhere in Europe. 
Mine next 
What’s going on
I could see that as a real possibility. 
I also like when he was melting chocolate bars together on the coffee machine. Like wtf 
This is my last Dundies ever, if I want mind control over him is that so much to ask?
I personally believe the recording device theory because like why would horseradish be important enough to kill for? When it’s equivalent, wasabi, was just sitting around in the kitchen. 
We’ll take the dirt road off to the side. 
Preach. 
Can’t say that around these parts. I agree though. 
💜
I would die with happiness honestly. That’d be a perfect ending. 
Hey neighbor ;)
When he was marching into the warehouse to meet up with Angela wearing the crown and robe I fucking lost it.  
Schhhh-whoop!
He never sleeps the Judge. 
Vincent DonOfrio to play the Judge. 
Well young lady have you been good to your mother?
Mine?
I don’t want him in my country 
At last you have arrived. Is Malachor as you remember?
I think you hit the nose on the head. This is why I think the end of the main series is so ambiguous. The Baudelaires know the world is a wicked place and chose to live on the island for a while. Thats why they seem reluctant to leave in Chapter 14 I think it was Sunny who said something like "Do you really want to go back to the world and it's treachery?" The real ending in the Beatrice Letters; young Beatrice looking for Violet, Klaus and Sunny who seem to be living happy lives (Sunny is mentioned as having a cooking show) is much more hopeful. But you have to really squint to see it. 
A seafood and vegetable pancake. 
Underwood. 2018.
I hope they remember you 
:)
:)
It’s a paper company now....it’s not for the Church!!
Drake like a mix of Drew and Blake. 
Little bits at a time. This would have got me pulled aside by an elder at my congregation haha. 
When he wasn’t sucking my dick yeah. Haha. The movie is called Salo it’s about these guys who kidnap a bunch of boys and girls and sexually torture them. I thought it was appropriate. 
Maybe that first time they just slept together naked all romantic like. Then Phyllis used the cat ears to actually seduce him. 
We all know it’s coming lol lets get pumped for Clone Wars season 3! 
I waited for Bob everyday for three weeks wearing nothing but kitty cat ears. Finally Bob came in one day he was naked too except for a dog nose. Do you know what we did then...

Oh Phyllis....

Beastiality!
You didn’t eat much there Jimbo. 

Oh....initially I did. 
Yeah we know 
God I love Truman 
YASSSS

https://youtu.be/gIggfiymD2k
God damn it Larry...
It’s the Swedish term for beef that is R O A S T E D 
I wonder what that means in Italian. 
Nope ;)
I'm gonna say it's a tie honestly. I'm just happy we're finally seeing them brought to life honestly. The series is pretty much exactly how I imagined the books in my head as a kid so it's great to see it play out. 
Blackwatch Moira skin incoming. heheheheheheheh
Oh man this brings me back to high school, crazy to see it brought to life. 
And what it means is...in terms of the soup....eh...soulmates. Holly and I are soul mates. 
So while we’re on the subject lol why is Hela like ridiculously more powerful than Thor or the other Asgardians? Like it’s less interesting knowing the whole movie that she could basically go through Thor like paper. 
Pam, what was in the teapot letter?
Like this is just unintelligible to me. Like let’s put aside the jokes about Santorum being the frothy mix of lube and fecal matter that is sometimes the result of anal sex for a moment. What is he even saying? That kids should learn a skill instead of participating in our democracy? Why are those two mutually exclusive? Why are kids getting involved when voter turnout is abysmally low a bad thing??? Why is he dead set against the core idea of our democracy that people can affect change through representation?? ?? WHEN HE WAS A MEMBER OF THE SENATE THAT SHOULD HAVE BEEN RESPONSIVE TO PEOPLE’S DEMANDS FOR CHANGE?!  The brain rot that descends on people ...
You think I’m one of his hollow men?! DON’T COMPARE ME TO STARK. 
“Let me learn you something big. Good guys. Bad guys. They’re all memes partner.”
You mean my young Trebuwan
“The world will crack with the weight of your failure.”
YASSS I wanna write on an iPad but I don’t really have a need for an iPad Pro. 
The Banking Clan will sign your treaty. 
He’s gone full Beefheart 
I failed him in life. I won't fail him in death. 
Cause it makes him look like the little bitch that he is. 
Perhaps one doesn't want to be loved as much as understood. I understand you Winston. Your mind appeals to me. It isn't unlike my own. You just happen to be insane. 
He never sleeps the Judge. He says that he will never die. 
“Is it true Facebook has been infiltrated by Russian agents?”

“A common misconception not supported by facts.”
Just a coffee boy 
What are you taking about pee is stored in the balls. 
This was the first episode that really got me into Park and Rec. I lost it when he threw the hamburger at his face. Also...

“.....Motion sensors.”

A little of this a little of that ;)
I L O V E I T
Two Days One Night 
So you...get the rent check at the end of the month and then...what... what happens next?
I’ve never seen him smile. 
A surprise to be sure 
Are you kidding, Aku would be quaking in his boots. 
I wonder what drink he would like. 
I thought I’d be able to keep the tears back. Then there was “Ah Skywalker, missed you have I.” 

F U C K
The land of the free mate. 
I don’t know I kind of like Warren on my first play through. I don’t know I figured he’d be and asshole (like Eliot in BtS) but he turned out ok. 
My philosophy teacher would probably approve. 
In time...you will know what it's like to marry. To feel so desperately in love and to succeed all the same. 

Congrats!
For every cool moment with Ultron (“The world will crack with the weight of your failure”) there’s one that just doesn’t for with his character and doesn’t feel earned or necessary(“I can’t physically throw up in my mouth”). 
Joss Whedon couldn’t stop from fucking being Joss Whedon. Like Ultron was so close to being perfect but it just had to throw in random quips that don’t fit with his character. 
Put your phone away mister my generation invented texting in class. 
This is really a discussion we’re having in America in 2018. Fucking hell man
I would be OK with him or Christian Bale
Lots and lots of gay sex. Like a lot. Like. A lot. 
Yup. This is when the tears started. I was terrified that Luke and Leia wouldn’t have a scene together. 
Holy fuck
Fucking hypocrite. I wish I never saw another headline with her name again. 
Awesome post and great quote. It makes me want to rant about Ultron instead of making a new post. He has so many awesome quotes like this and “The world will crack with the weight of your failure” etc. But Joss Whedon just couldn’t fucking keep himself from throwing in his little one liners™️ in and make him come off like a joke. I know the problems with Age of Ultron have been discussed here as nauseam but I feel like they got so close to getting it right and just could cause Joss Whedon just had to be Joss Whedon. Anyway. Rant over. I watched Age of Ultron recently and mostly like it a lot. I just had to rant about this to fellas who would understand haha. 
You’ve got a big storm comin’
Games, rides and sexy cartoon characters. 
Steve Carell  in Little Miss Sunshine
He just wanted to be a farmer man
I just wanna be friends. Plus a little extra. Also I love you. 
At last you have arrived. Is Malachor as you remember? 
Me rn. Downloading Grindr again hahah
Writhe little man
Writhe, little man. 
Great for some reason this made me even more depressed! Thanks!
A seafood and vegetable pancake 
Usually someone has already said what I had in mind, usually better than I would have said it. And sometimes it feels like comments I make that are actually good and on topic aren’t even noticed. Instead I can comment “cheez borger” or something and get 50 upvotes. 
It’s going for a piss
A seafood and vegetable pancake
*kreiautistic screeching*
W H Y W O U L D Y O U D O S U C H A T H I N G
They missed a golden opportunity to have Han call 60 year old crusty ass Luke “Kid”. 
Shakah brah
Can we make Ron Magic a new reddit meme. LOL
He's the GB member that checks the pillowed every night to make sure no one was masturbating on them. 

S U C H S P U N K
Flannery O'connor said that a good story will "resist paraphrase". 
The heart of a man still beats inside me. 
At last you have arrived. Is Malachor as you remember?
At last you have arrived. Is Malachor as you remember? 
You do not DESERVE Sergeant Barber William Fontaine de La Tour Dauterive!
Shave her HEEAAADDDD
"Just like when you ate those maple candies that you brought FOR US."
Message received Li'l Soybean
Is there a full moon tonight?
Totally unlikeable. 

edit: geez guys I was being sarcastic 
Zach wacky better come back 
There’s this Reinhardt I’ve seen a few times that will keep spamming “OHH GLITTERING PRIZES” the *entire* match. It’s honestly quite impressive. 
I want you to listen to me. Because I want you to understand the situation we are both in. 
I had a wtf moment watching this cause my coworkers name is Jabari. 
"Hey mic guy."

"Hey Meredith."

"When you gonna boom me?"
Don’t worry, we didn’t mention anything of our involvement with the Incredibly Deadly Viper but we fear the O’s henchmen could use his cow disguise to cause trouble at the Valorous Farms Dairy. 
I ate some fluffy part can I be done
That was a rental car he drove into the lake
Goin Mach 5
It's almost like the Russians would rather have a puppet in the White House than a president.
Now is not the time to be talking about gun rights. 
I am a Moira main ;)
I noticed that Roy called her Pammy once so my theory is that she doesn't want to be called Pammy cause it reminds her of him. 
Allow me to take the whip haha
Y O U R E T A L K I N A B O U T T H E N U M B E R S
"You have to eat it out of there because there are starving people in the world and that is a waste of that kind of...food."
What part of shorn't don't you understand? 
Holy shit those cookies look tasty. And I'm actually in kind of the same boat as you. I managed to do the laundry but couldn't bring myself to fold it lol. Maybe some day. 
Two years in a row I ended up single just before Valentine's Day! Grand!
I have a smaller cage for you :)
Bonjour, je chercher chip de le marque Herrs. Non? Merci quand même, au revoir. 
I have Mastercard right where I want them. 
"People underestimate Michael, there are several things he is well above average at. Like...ice skating he's a very good ice skater."
Girlfriend broke up with me 🤷🏼‍♂️
What did I ...do  
You do not DESERVE Sergeant Barber William Fontaine de La Tour Dauterive!
S U C H S P U N K
Nice! I’m playing on getting the Arcadia Bay shirt. 
Me too but you know...people disappear in the Finger Lakes. 
I'm ravenous after a night of love making. 
So did the show just forget that Erin's real first name was Kelly?
*chainsaw noises*
"He's asleep, we can just leave."

"So leave."
It's not a party if you don't do something that scares you!
"Which side am I on?"

"Left"

"Yes!"

"What....how do you know?"
The next step is to send me the key for that chastity device 🤗
Ma’am that is not a toy. Please don’t touch that. 
They make milk. 
Same. 
I really should get a tweeter account. 
We should get a thread going of all the little plot holes like this. 
I could spend a considerable amount of money having my birthday party here. 

Oh really? We have a number of birthday packages. The Pewter package has the least amount of goats, it’s not no goats it’s still 10-20 goats. Now the Goat package...

Of course I am not interested in goats, why would you spend so much time going over the goats with me? 

I can get you exotic meats. Hippo steaks. Giraffe burgers. 

We’ll talk. 

*looks at the camera* It’ll all be goat. 
Add me on snap, same as username. 
BFD
You're on your own Mike. 
It’s like poetry, it rhymes. 
Obi-Wan and droidekas. Younger you knows how to make a good Star Wars game unlike some people. 
*Kissing noises*
Congress should probably be doing a lot of shit right now. 
So....you get the rent checks at the end of the month and then...what... what happens next?
*Kreiautistic screeching*
If Mueller can save us from this I’ll name my first kid after him. And I’ve never even heard the motherfucker speak. 
As hard as it is this shit takes time. This is moving at light speed compared to Nixon. Take a shot at the king and you better not miss and all that. On the other hand....HURRY UP BOBBY III STICKS THE ENTIRE NATION IS COUNTING ON YOU. 
Helllllooooooo, what have we here?
You’ll just have to send me the key! :)
Yes, General?
Anytime. Any place. I’ll find you. 
Hey, ya got anymore of those referral links?
Awesome, love it! [Reminds me of this scrapped concept for a dark side Obi-wan in Battlefront 3.](https://kotaku.com/5132905/heres-star-wars-battlefront-iiis-sith-kenobi) Cool stuff!
You don’t crack a case that has a pejorative connotation. You solve a case and, yes, I’ve solved many. 
Dead. Car accident. Case closed. 
Yeah maybe I’m just becoming a sentimental bastard but I absolutely adore this episode and the line at the end “Happily ever after doesn’t mean forever...it just means time” gets me going every fucking time. 
Drop vehemently.  Good though. 
“HOLY FUCK.”
Skippy the Jedi Droid confirmed. 
As a self proclaimed Moira main who only likes her original skin I would absolutely love this. 
Me too ;)
Here I go dyin’ again
Been years since the book Revan came out and this one still hurts. 
One of the reasons I refuse to buy Amazons bs hardware. 
I’m guessing there will be an iPhone XI (eleven) and they’ll make one more model with Touch ID and call it the iPhone 9. I could be wrong but that seems like something Apple would do. Makes sense but would piss a lot of people off. Haha
1000 suicide a day to keep RBG alive on her golden throne. 
I feel so bad for Battleborn. LOL
Which one is Pam?
We're making acronyms! Alright the O!
You cried for that tagline about a movie you made up. 
“I have MasterCard right where I want them...”
Mueller is a-coming. And Mueller is a-hungry. 
I’ll pay for him 
No one wanted Darth Pawpaw’s burgers 
Fuck this is the game I’d like to see. 
*spoiler*
This will begin to make things right. 
Let me learn you something big. 
Man he’s awesome. I wish Darth Maul was more developed in the films. 
Put my name down for that. 
At last you have arrived. Is Malachor as you remember?
W H Y W O U L D Y O U D O S U C H A T H I N G
At last you have arrived. Is Animating as you remember? 
Yeah I know after less than a year my htc phone just started shutting off randomly when I went below 30% battery. 
Is it possible he doesn’t know what counts as a law vs executive orders/just the normal business of being president. Frightening. 
I don’t know why you’re getting down voted, I agree
Yesss! I never understand why everyone acts like Josh Trank had so much potential after Chronicle. The movie was painfully mediocre to me. 
Looks like a bounty hunter 
That’s one thing that’s really frustrating. Like there are so many options for cool skins and they could easily have made cosmetic only loot boxes (Pink Vader my ass). I would gladly have coughed up a few dollars once in a while to get school skins like this. 
Ah Skywalker. Missed you I have. 


Someone’s choppin onions. 
It was magical. Just...really magical. 
Missed you I have Skywalker. 

Ok who’s chopping onions in here. 
Agreed. Imo it’s great. Luke begins the movie totally disinterested in the Force and by the end he’s become one with it, literally. I just hope they keep him around for IX, like he’s haunting Kylo almost. 
HE FED THE GREEN CRYSTAL TO HIS FATHER TO FORCE PROJECT SLOTH MILK
SLOth PRoJecTion
MuLtIPle SLotHs
Ride of the Porghirem
Yes please 
Thank you so much. Could you also do Luke and Ach-To’s/Guardian things pages? 
Thank mather for life
The Resistance will not be intimidated by you. 
Go straight ahead, don’t let these thugs scare you! 
If he wins I’m done with this country. 
I’m sure they’re a pain to animate just like Grevious. Hopefully they are able to get them to work for a Clone Wars season. 
I’ll open the bottle of champagne I bought for when he lost the election. 
I used to use my old Bible to rest my laptop on 
When I have a kid they’re gonna gonna be named Mueller. And I’ve never even heard the fucker speak. 
They can’t legally call it ice cream. 
We know
A few dozen thanks 
Show sucked 
Unfindable 
He never sleeps The Judge. He says that he will never die. 
At last you have arrived. Is Ahch-To as you remember?
At last you have arrived. Is Net Neutrality as you remember?
At last you have arrived. Is Malachor as you remember?
I love it!
I don’t know how that puppets face is so expressive. LOL
Petition to remain Moscow Mules “Moscow Muellers” in honor of the hero who could save our country. 
1000 suicides a day to keep RBG alive on her golden throne. 
wtf can I do that to you next?
1000 suicide every day to keep RGB alive on her Golden Throne. 
What tv shows do you like?
We think you’re gonna love it. 
I decided to sell this house so I could move to Orlando....and be closer to Disneyworld. 
2x0=0
I L O V E I T
I love it!
For one thing he’s from New York. 
Anyone have experience pre-ordering through Verizon? How has that gone for you? 
It is only your perception of me that has changed. Strange that you think Malachor has not. But it has always been timeless to you this place. 
At last you have arrived. Is Malachor as you remember?
DLC update with special characters for each class. Droidekas for the CiS. Republic Commandos. Rebel Infiltrator. And uh I don’t know. Dark Troopers. 
Luke spreading stories about himself like a G? Tight. 

Luke traveling around learning more about the Force? Tight. 

Luke helping out Imperials like a Jedi would? Tight. 

Luke on Jakku? Tight. 

Luke and R2 continued bromance? Tight. 

Luke? Tight.  

lol thanks for sharing. 
I think Apple is gonna make a model with Touch ID for one more year and call it iPhone 9. 
Interesting, I have a friend with CF
And your snaps are?..... ;)
You sucking 
Oh this is good...this is really good. Why did I ever fight this?
**B O R  G U L L E T WILL KNOW THE TRUTH**
Smiles and nods at the camera. 
And thats what we call justice of the unicorn. 
We are lucky to have him
Really? I thought Luke and Vader were way worse and liked most of Han’s. 
“Oh...well that’s ok. I just want you to be happy.”

Erin: :)
No it's not. You're disloyal. 
We think you're gonna love it. 
Inagree thought it was ok. With some major improvements I would gladly take Idris Elba in a sequel. 
I mean probably 
Before man was war waited for him. 
You sucking
I emailed Tim Cook about this. No response. 
W H Y  W O U L D  Y O U  D O  S U C H  A  T H I N G
You got these pig men walking around suddenly I'm not lookin so bad. 
He never sleeps the Judge. He says that he will never die. 
Appeku. We think you're gonna love it. 
Someone's getting fired
B O R  G U L L E T
The most tsunami friendly iPhone we've ever created. 
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つGIVE TRAILER LAST THE JEDI༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ


oh 
/r/TheMueller
/r/TheMueller 
/r/TheMueller 
Not raising me in a cult. That would have been nice I guess. 
He never sleeps The Judge. He says that he will never die. 
Thank GOD. Such a mediocre director. And we I've seen Safety Not Guaranteed. 
Thank GOD. Such a mediocre director. And yes I've seen Safety Not Guaranteed. 
Any day of the week 
Anyone wanna loan me $3000 to get a VIP ticket to see her :(
I don't know why I'm supposed to care about this hypocritical piece of shit. 
Cashier just don't care 
The game was very obviously rushed, I enjoy it but it's glaringly obvious sometimes. 
It is time Lord....take me from the dry dust break me....from these chains....bring me...from the Devils house. 
For the 2nd plane that crash landed on it. 
Lordy
Mueller is a-hungry 
What kind of work you in Bob?
Hit the power button twice to activate Apple Pay (which is why the button is bigger)and Apple Pay will only work as long as it detects your face. 
At last you have arrived. Is Malachor as you remember?
B O R  G U L L E T  WILL KNOW THE TRUTH
Who knew that Frederick Douglass could be so complicated?
I'll take the key thanks 
Keep your fingers crossed. Always loved them working together in the comics. Hope Spidey meets Kingpin sometime too!
Mueller is a-hungry 
At last you have arrived. Is Malachor as you remember?
They never ask for a face pic or anything?
Well I sure wish they were selling a few bends of the rainbow. 
Horrifying
We should come up with a name for Mueller's team. Mueller's Angels?
We should come up with a name for Mueller's team. Mueller's Angels?
We should come up with a name for Mueller's team. Mueller's Angels?
I'll take the key thanks 
This comment is pretty spot on. 
I enjoyed the film. But the writing was the worst part and I agree Goldsman is a hack. 
You and me old friend, one more turn of the wheel. 
I also thought it was pretty good. Definitely had some problems but enjoyable. 
I'll take they key thanks 
I'll take the key thanks 
HI THERE 
sauce?
"What is this?

"A hot dog."

"...Savages."
No you can't break the circle jerk it was absolutely awful
I would have an issue with the that but he seems like the kind of character who can show up again having just brushed off death like an inconvenience. Kind of cool to finally see Roland riddle him with bullets tbh. 
He's like The Master from Doctor Who he's never really dead. ;)
I'm going cause I enjoy hurting myself apparently. Seriously though I'm going because I'm looking at this as mostly separate from the books and trying to be its own thing. I'm goin in with an open mind and maybe it'll be entertaining/maybe they'll make a decent tv series out of Wizard and Glass. 
I've said this before but I feel like this film was painfully mediocre. And most of the time I feel I'm the only one who thinks that. Every time this movie comes up people start throwing around words like "Exceptional" or "Amazing" or that Josh Trank was such a promising director after this film, it's the only movie Dane Dehaan was really great in etc. But I don't know maybe it just didn't click with me. Everything about is just meh. It was ok I guess I don't regret renting it and I like that it was an original story but beyond that I don't really think about it until threads like this come up. 
I enjoyed it. I'm glad Wonder Woman finally got a film. It was not that good a film. 
Yuuup :)
.... Hi neighbor?
Yup
BOR GULLET 
I feel like I'm gonna be in the same boat. Despite everything I can't help being excited. I'm in love with the casting but it sounds like the script is the real problem which is a fucking shame (Akiva Goldwhatever is a hack). I've always been willing to cut them a lot of slack with a Dark Tower adaptation because the books are so...well strange tbh. Haha. But I don't know I'm going into it with an open mind. Whatever no matter what happens we'll still have the books and they'll still be excellent. I'll check back in after I've actually seen it. Long days and pleasant nights!
Tooter fish 
Is the opening line included?
The number one reason I play Symmetra. Deep frying Genji is just so satisfying, especially when they try to deflect her noodle beam. 
"Does the kid know that whoever walks with you dies?"

"No more."
It's not a story the Witnesses would tell you. 
Last time around...
He survived in the books!
Pathetic. 
Ok so I feel like, having been a fan of the series for about ten years now which amounts to almost half of my life I have the right to throw in my two cents here and also be considered a "lifelong fan". Cry your pardon. 

Two points of contention that I genuinely confuse me. One is the complaint that this film does not include all the great characters of the books. But everyone seems to be forgetting that the first book in the series didn't include them either? That the book was focused only on Roland, Jake and the Man in Black? Now this can be an unpopular opinion by my favorite of the novels is "The Gunslinger" specifically for its sparse prose and few characters. The *second* novel is where the world is expanded and the rest of the characters are introduced (as in the drawing of the three....). Then there is the casting of Idris Elba. I'm not going to accuse anyone of racism but claiming that a phenomenal actor is automatically wrong for a part simply because of the color of his skin squiks me out just a tad. 

Is the film going to be perfect? Of course not. Do I disagree with some of the decisions? Sure. Matthew McConaughey as the Man in Black wouldn't have been my first choice. But he's a great actor and I think he could do a great job playing a smooth talking, soothsaying evil wizard. The short runtime? Not great but in interviews they've said that one of the original ideas was cramming everything and introducing all the characters into 3 hour long movie. In my opinion that would have been worse and would never have hooked more casual fans. 

Now no spoilers. But if there were any intellectual property where it might be more appropriate for the film adaptation to be a sequel it is this one. (Last time around)

And the prequel series? Are people complaining about a prequel series when one of the best novels is one long flashback?

One thing I agree with wholly is that the marketing for this film has been pretty much lackluster. Which is unfortunate because by all accounts this film is a good jumping in point for the series and we should view it as such. This is only the beginning. Let's at least give them a chance. I've been cautiously optimistic about this film the whole time and while I have reservations I'm excited to see it. I think it's unfair to point to anything about this film as a cash grab. Anyway just my two cents. Long days and pleasant nights. 
And, at the risk of being downvoted, am I really the only one who thought Chronicle was mediocre and he was mediocre in it? Every time this guy comes up every other comment is "He sure was great in Chronicle."
My history professor worked at one of the first Starbucks and said that they always thought they'd stay local in Seattle and sell really high quality coffee. 
"I'm not a state I'm a monster!"
"Attention everyone Christmas is cancelled."

"You can't cancel a holiday."

"Keep it up Stanley and you will lose New Years too."

"What does that mean?"

*voice breaking* "Jim take New Years away from Stanley."
I'll take the key thanks. 
Indeed? It is only your perception of me that has changed. Strange that you think Malachor has not. But it has always been timeless to you this place. 
At last you have arrived. Is Malachor as you remember?
Bang
I'll be in my bunk 
Pathetic. 
OY THE BRAVE OF MID-WORLD
Cool Chu is my Rep. 
Asking the cashier anything. Why is the total so much? The fuck do I know you're the one who picked out this shit and brought it up here. Oh this stupid thing was supposed to be 2.99 instead of 3.49? You looked at it wrong, I guarantee it. Why was your card declined? How the fuck am I supposed to know about your life?
I'll take the key thanks. 
I'll take the key thanks. 
Anything else inescapable?
Back in my day we called turkeys walkin' bird. We had walkin' bird every Thanksgiving with all the Fixin's cranberries, Injun eyes and yams stuffed with gunpowder!
You are alone child. There is only darkness for you and death for your people. 
It is time Lord...take me.....from the dry dust break me from these chains.......from the Devils house. 
Taking children is the war we wage on God. 
I'll take the key thanks. 
Pathetic 
I'll take the key to the chastity thanks. 
"Big fat fellows. Long windy ones."
I hate when people are shocked and appalled at that. It's her fucking diary man. 
So you really like being the Emperor's lapdop huh?!
I'm really not interested in squeezing a phone. 
My friend at the time threw up wine all over my other friends carpet on New Years after they had specially asked us not to vomit inside. Then she went to the bathroom and took a shower without permission. We're dating now.
I'll take the key to that chastity too thanks. 
Just as hot as Jan but in a different way. 
Por que no los dos. 
Nice! I'm finally ready to transfer to University after starting in Community College. Good luck. Take a philosophy class!
I'll take the key thanks.
doot doot
No indictment no indictment you're indictment. 
Do you speak Korean/was Korean your first language? Was it difficult to learn English? Do you think it would be difficult to learn Korean?  
"Just as hot as Jan but in a different way."
Wow that hits home I once felt exactly the same feeling about the last season of Lost. Hang in there man
Michael...you came. 
F U C K
Replenish your fluids. 
100% correct 
We do what they did in Saw
At last you have arrived. Is Malachor as you remember?
Oh Darryl...your card is more beautiful than the gloves. 
I don't know maybe it's a girl thing but...when I got those steak coupons...I just felt good about myself. 
How many times do we have to teach you this lesson old man
This is terrible 
At last you have arrived. Is Malachor as you remember?
Who knew that Teddy Roosevelt could be so complicated?
Will no one rid me of this meddlesome skid mark?
You know things us Negroes say. 
Guess who's candles they're using for the vigil. 
Even if she doesn't run in 2020 I feel like she will one day. 
I'll take the key thanks. 
The pee pee tape
 Bring me this tea, Elon. 
You want half?
WATCH OUT FOR THOSE WRIST ROCKETS
I wish we had seen Tammy One again, she was a great character. 
I don't know I kind of like the fucked up dynamic of the Underwoods keeping him around like a pet. But I definitely see your point and I don't think Tom is all that great a character on his own. 
At last you have arrived. Is Malachor as you remember?
I'd make your car payment plus thrown in my leftover 1200 dollars to see that. 
I like to think of it as everyone still existing in the future but in a world not ruled by Aku. 
"When Donald has traveled to 115 countries and Secretary of State, negotiated peace deals, cease fires, a release of dissidents or even testified 11 hours before a congressional committee then he can talk to me about stamina."

I've started saying this to myself during long days at work. 
AROUND THE SURVIVORS A SHITPOST CREATE
God I wish that were me 
No Mondatta is like Uncle Ben, he's the only character that will stay dead.  
"Difficult to see, always in motion is the future."
I....LIKE IT!
Who knew that Frederick Douglass could be so complicated?
That's f****** milk. 
What did Trump know and when did he know it?
Needs more pictures ;)
Call your reps people. I'm from California and mine is already starkly Anti-Trump but I'm calling anyway. 
doot doot 
At last you have arrived. Is Malachor as you remember? 
What we have here is just locker room talk. 
And they're wrong. 
He never sleeps 
I think it was a little frustrating but the only truly fitting ending. 
What the fuck kind of place am I living?
Fuck that's good. 
I accept this, I mean in the first seasons he's a professional poker player and later on he's gluing a turtle back together. 
I mean literally one of the highest comments was something like "I can't believe she's blaming everything but herself and not taking personal responsibility" when in the video she literally fucking said VERBATIM "Of course I take personal responsibility, I was the candidate and at the end of the day my name was on the ballot." Fuck this shit man. 
I mean I don't know if it's really fair to criticize them that much. Hillary was ahead but just about every metric and poll that mattered so having her ahead was pretty much the only thing they could do. Nate Silver was one of the few who was constantly stressing how uncertain and unstable the projection was and had Trump with about a 30% chance of winning. It's not like he was PEC with Clinton at a 99% chance. 
Fuck am I invited?
This is one of the saddest scenes for me. Love the delivery of the joke at the end though. "My Blockbuster stock is down..."
Low energy! Sad! "When Donald has negotiated peace deal, cease fires and the release of dissidents or even testified 12 hours before a Congressional committee then he can talk to me about stamina."
Still got her fucking crocs on. 
Pulse bomb ready! 😏
It's an insult to me too those are my fucking countrymen and you're talking about them like they're island dwelling savages. Go fuck yourself Sessions. 
Yur talkin 'bout the numbers!
You mean the panties your mother laid out for you?
JUST LIKE THE HYPE-ULATION
I bought a video camera last year. And there was only 12 minutes I thought worth recording....the whole year. And most of that was just birds in my condo complex. 
Speak for yourself
One of the greatest presidents we've had. 
HI THERE 
Well there are an infinite number of worlds right? 
GET READY FOR A SHOCK
Sad!
Adorable. 
Ohhh-weee!
What ya got here is one of them Padme's. It's the little bruises on the neck that give it away. 
Triple stacking Roadhog
Once me and my ex were having sex and we heard the neighbors say "They're at it again." We had never heard them before.  
Luwanda at the Alcohol Club. 
At least Comey confirmed that there is an investigation. Having Trump the first president removed from office would be a small victory if this keeps up. Pence would be fucking terrible too but I can't imagine him having a lot of political capital after that. Hope y'all are doing well. Stay strong, fight for our values and all that. <3
Must find leaker!
I love you Hillary, I really do. Please don't run for President again. 
Take a seat
2x0=0
S I C K  S P I N S
No wonder he dodged Tim Kaine's questions about Exxon and climate change. 
That's what happens when you're a popular vote loser. 
LOOK FOR YOUR STAPLER!
ARE YA READY FOR SOME MEATBALL?!?!
lol I read it as "Her-me-oy."
doot doot
Ohh-wee!
This is how we reach Trump voters, make the more reasonable ones realize that Trump reneged on every promise he made them. 
Cowardly turtle. 
One of the best episodes of the later seasons imo. 
YOURE TALKIN ABOUT THE NUMBERS
Personally it's one of my favorite episodes. It was fun and was the first River story in quite a while that I genuinely liked a lot. Something about the ending gets me as well. "Happily ever after doesn't mean forever...it just means time." I don't know man maybe I'm just a sap but it gets to me. 
My Overwatch fanfiction. 
Pm pls
These are all the right questions and will lead to a Very Fine Discussion. 
Hanzo
I am he Senate
It is adorable. It makes me want Emily to die. Tracer is so pure I want something terrible to happen to her to she how she reacts. 
THEY SENT IN THE SUPERS
Same here. When I was a kid I read a book about Emmett Till from school. Fucking devastated me. 
Remember last week when Republicans hated executive orders?
Just remember you can't lock up the barn after the horses are gone. 
I was standing in exactly your shoes 5 years ago, weird to think how much my life has changed since I came out. Hang in there luv.
What's at the bottom of the bag of popcorn?
Fuck me I make that much as a cashier. :( sorry man
Anwhistle Aquatics. Which was flooded I think. 
Has Mr. Poe's Secretary ever been mentioned before?
Any one else really want a VFD spyglass now?
It's fun me and my friend are working on it 
I just don't know if I have it in me to survive 4 years of Trump being an idiot and turning on the TV to see that serpent woman Kellyanne Conway arguing with someone. At least I have my Overwatch fanfiction. 
No crying. No crying. You're crying. 
Welcome ;)
At last you have arrived. Is Malachor as you remember?
You guys think Hillary would really run for mayor of New York? If she wants it that'd make me happy. She deserves to be a beloved mayor of a city that respects her. She could make New York an example for the rest of the country. Anyway take care y'all I don't comment here as much cause it's pretty painful to think about politics for me right now. My Hillary supporter card finally came in the mail the other day and I shed a few tears. Anyway. Stick close to your family and friends. We'll get through this. Hate it more exhausting than love. Or as someone else put it, Love Trumps Hate. 
I'll take it. 
I'm dying waiting for my copy!!!
"Maybe I shouldn't have given my phone number to the guy who pumped my stomach." First time in a long while a book made me genuinely laugh. 
Great line. My personal favorite: "What is it you wish to hear? That I once believed in the code of the Jedi? That I once felt the call of the Sith. That for every good work I did I brought equal harm to the galaxy? That perhaps what the greatest Sith Lords knew of evil they learned from me?"
THEY SENT IN THE SUPERS 
THEY SENT IN THE SUPERS
Omg I don't even care if it doesn't make sense lore wise if they make her a force ghost that'd be awesome and I'd ball my fucking eyes out. 
I'm just so gutted. I was lucky enough to see Star Wars for the first time in a theater (special edition) when I was 5 years old. Besides Darth Vader who I was obsessed with as a kid Princess Leia was my favorite character. People seemed surprised when I told them that and I never understood why she was fucking badass. I always say she was the first really important female character to me. All Carrie's books were fucking hilarious. I don't even know what to say right now. 
I CAN'T HOLD FOREVER
It's almost like he's a liar and a hypocrite. Who'd have thunk? 
That's my favorite outfit of hers. Nicely done lmao
Always stick to your cover story. 
Calculate every possible destination along their last known trajectory. 
Don't fucking do this to me 2016.
It wasn't perfect but in a lot of ways this was the Star Wars movie I've always wanted. Characters not related to the Skywalkers, a great look into the Empire, Vader being a badass and a boots on the ground look at the Rebellion. brb Seeing it again.
We screw ourselves by trying to be 50 different people instead of one United person. 
That's f***** milk
At least we kept Crooked Hillary and her Foundation out of the White House right guys?!
When he was charging down the hall haha
I just need to keep pointing out that I love the addition of Red and Gold Leaders. The Death Star attack was the part of the movie I watched over and over again as a kid and it was just so great to see them as part of the rebel fleet. 
It was pretty terrifying. My mom, who has been a Star Wars fan since the 70's literally screamed. It was glorious. 
I'm hoping after the Skywalker saga is complete (12 episodes in the main series sounds like a nice even number) they just take Anthology and Knights of the Old Republic films off into the sunset. 
As someone who constantly rewinded the VHS to watch the Death Star attack again and again seeing them made me cry. 
Can we all agree that Saw's mind readings squid thing was pretty stupid?
The rebels who had the balls to slow Vader down so the guy with the plans could get through to the Tantive IV
YOU SHOT MY MERCEDES. 
"That could be the chew you should spit it out." "I swallowed it...."
I love breakfast cereal 
THE MOON SHALL JOIN YOUR COALITION 
Agreed, I remember when everyone was up in arms about it being toned down when there was no evidence for that. They made exactly the film they wanted/it needed to be. 
As someone who constantly re winded the VHS to watch the Death Star attack as a kid that part made me tear up. 
I'm not gonna lie that part made me tear up a bit. All the fighter pilots lines are seared in my mind cause I constantly watched the assault on the Death Star as a kid. 
Gold Leader too. I cried. 
The only time I cried. 
lobs 10k
Mr Sandman...sing me a song
I honestly don't care who they give it to but if the Electoral college has any use they have a duty to keep Trump from taking office. 
lol I only heard that once so far in my five years as a cashier and my very testy response was "I wouldn't go that far"
Yeah all that stuff about helping working people was for show. 
Yeah. Just economic anxiety. Totally. 
Good point but if Endor wasn't shielded why did the gang need a code clearance to deactivate the shield to get to the moon? Idk
Why didn't Endor have a shield gate then?
Trank doesn't even have a good movie under his belt. 
Then they ruined it with a cheesy line and a weird zoom in exterior shot. Sorry always bothered me lol. I love Pam taking her painting though!
This is an embarrassing time to be an American. 
Yeah it is definitely a serious problem. And the southern states like Tennessee are among the fattest. 
I just wanna say how adorable that little girl is. 
A Team of Deplorables. 
Great post. Greed and anti-intellectualism are at the core of or history. 
Cause you know Barron is so good with The Cyber.
DEAL ME IN
I swear to god someone in my hall didn't know who Abraham Lincoln was. 
Yeah when Virginia was staying red for so long is when I panicked. Polls had her way up there so if she was struggling she'd probably be down elsewhere as well. Plus North Carolina is generally more conservative than them so that was probably a swing state lost for her already. 
Yeah that's what I figured. I'm on track to transfer to University with a transfer degree in History and am considering majoring in Political Science with a minor in History or Philosophy.
What should one study in college to get into politics? I've been unable to decide what to study/what to do with my life for the last few years and I'm starting to think that this disgusting election is a sign I should try to get seriously involved. 
Am I really the only one who though Chronicle was mediocre?
My arms looks like I have a cat but in actuality I used to cut myself. Why does your cat scratch you so much? Lol
Sorry. 
I love you guys 
The American people do not care about policy. 
I want one
Lincoln and Obama had a team of rivals. Trump will have a team of amateurs (and sycophants). 
I love Bernie but it's so fucking frustrating that people immediately threw Hillary under the bus for him when they have no idea the kind of oppo Republicans could have unleashed against him. 
I have a Windows laptop and using the touch screen is ridiculously uncomfortable.
Keep American Great!
Before man was war waited for him. 
No nepotism. No nepotism. You're nepotism. 
Nope
Someone with a Trump sticker just cut me off then slammed on their breaks. My car spun out of control. I'm rather shaken. 
Are you under the impression that Donald Trump cares about what's best for people?
Prisoners is a 10/10 for me. 
Am I the only one who think Safety Not Guaranteed was pretty mediocre?
I needed that
Can you imagine Obama taking on Trump directly? Would have been amazing 
FIRED UP
ARE YA READY FOR SOME MEATBALL?!
WHATCHU LOOKING FOR OUT THERE?! AIN'T NOBODY GONNA HELP YOU OUT THERE! JESUS COULD COME THROUGH THAT DOOR AND HE AIN'T GONNA HELP YOU IF YOU KEEP SNIFFIN AFTER MY CHILD!
[Current mood!](http://imgur.com/a/oroxm) This is it folks let's do this! CANCEL THE APOCALYPSE. 
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽ つ HILLARY TAKE MY ENERGY ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽ つ
I thought that part was really interesting as well, I remember reading that Tolkien wasn't really comfortable making an entire race purely evil. 
Nice, good for you! I want to start writing again but lately I've been overcome by anguish about what I want to do with my life. And I agree in the last few days I've stopped listening to election podcasts and checking 538. At this point all we can do is help GOTV!
We have to win Iowa for Ruline. 
Obama 2024
Cuban 2024
Musk 2024
Sometimes I hiss at customers as I say "Thanksss"
Oh I think they'll need that for sure ;)
Maybe I'll just have Chris Christie pick me up some McDonalds or KFC
This seems like a good idea. 
What snacks should I have for Election Day? I have champagne for if we win and stuffed jalapeños cause our girl loves spicy foods. Anything else?
Me as well. 
Phone calls from California here!
That's Winston Churchill
Damn it lol. It's a bottle of champagne with a sticky note that says "Open only when we shatter that glass ceiling!"
Morning everyone! [I picked this up for election day](http://imgur.com/a/TgAQj0) I'm still optimistic, let's make some calls and win this thing!
Obvious photoshop /s
Because that's how you manufacture a scandal. 
K
:')
Omg she's cute lol
Halloween is my favorite holiday and I can't even enjoy it because I'm constantly freaking out about this election. Imma go phone bank some more...
A taco is a flatbread sandwich. 
I'm working and then gonna play overwatch and then gonna check 538 for some reason and then gonna wake up and phone bank lol. 
Can we do something, like just once, that's not shitty to the Native Americans?
No puppet! No puppet!
I kicked in ten bucks cause I'm broke! Plus I'm ramping up on phone banking this weekend. 
Phone bank weekend! Who's with me?!
We have to win Iowa for Ruline. 
I need this election to be over already. I have high stress. 
Thanks for your support! I'm sorry demagogues like Trump have taken over your party. 
I want to do things to you. 
Deplorable. 
How can we logically escape Hume's skepticism?
At last you have arrived....is Malachor as you remember? 
DRAIN THE TRUMP
One day that will be me when she returns to California. Lol
Powerful. 
We have to win Iowa for Ruline. 
Smokin 
Omg she's so cute. 
That's what's really sad about how Hillary is perceived, her detractors never have any factual basis for what they say. Now whenever I have a discussion about this with people, I always lead off asking "Are you willing to accept the possibility that Hillary is a dedicated public servant who, while not perfect, isn't just a corrupt habitual liar?"
What's your mission statement 
It's the puppy from the app lol <3
Fucking beautiful. 
Christ man it couldn't be more painfully obvious that this man doesn't care about anything but himself. 
Yeah you're right. I think I just want to scream at him that 1 out of 100 senators can't just do anything they want!
I wish at some point during the debate when Donald was going on about "Why didn't you just change the laws" Hillary had asked him if he knew how laws are actually changed. 
LOL. I knew right away Hillary flat out calling him a puppet would get to him. 
YUCK LOL
MAKE GEORGIA BLUE AGAIN
Wait wtf was that actually a thing? I missed that lol 
Nah she's a Reaper main
I was gonna buy gold but we should get a donation chain going. 
YOU HEARD THE LADY LET'S GET TO WORK. ONLY 18 MORE DAYS TO SHOW TRUMP WHAT AMERICA IS REALLY ABOUT. 
Thank you Bernie! 
I had a customer wearing a "Jail Hillary" shirt tonight. I think he noticed me laughing at him. 

Customer: "Vote Trump"

Me: "No"

Customer: *walks away*
I believe in climate change. Hillary Clinton is with me and the other guy is against me. I believe in sensible gun regulations. Hillary Clinton is with me and the other guy is against me. I support LGBT rights. Hillary Clinton is with me and the other guy is against me. I believe in debt free college. Hillary Clinton is with me and the other guy is against me. I believe in a woman's right to make her own health care decisions. Hillary Clinton is with me and the other guy is against me. Etc. 

Followed by pointing out terrible things Donald has said and asking if he an defend them. 
Totally. The moment and when she flat out called him a puppet I laughed out loud cause I knew he was gonna lose it. No puppet! No puppet! You're a puppet!
My dads Trump supporter friend almost came to lunch with us and I could tell he was rearing for an argument so I came prepared with all my Tim Kaine style talking points. Unfortunately he didn't show up. There's something gratifying about strongly supporting Hillary, especially when the facts are on our side. 
Champagne glasses made from 100% shattered glass ceiling. 
smokin
The fuck was that smirk
"Trump isn't smart and isn't good at looking like he's smart"
I didn't expect a question about abortion, Hillary should knock it out of the park.
Showtime
BATTLE STATIONS EVERYONE ALL ABOARD THE HILLDAWG TRAIN. WOOF WOOF
Savage 
Make Broccoli Great Again!
At last you have arrived...is Malachor as you remember? 
Spread em
The fuck is wrong with you
God I love that man. 
I have MasterCard right where I want them...
I had just used the tub to wash my turkey, or as we called in those days a walking bird. We had walking bird every thanksgiving with all the trimmings: cranberries, Injun Eyes and yams stuffed with gunpowder!
Spread em 
Same but then I think "Would you play Russian Roulette with a 15% chance of losing" and make some more calls for Hillary lol.
"In today's news President Clinton was seen cackling as Donald Trump began airing new get out the vote ads in key swing states."
They cover or edit out the Apple. It happens all the time. 
Savage 
Look there are plenty of legitimate reasons to not like/use/support Apple products. But what you've written here just seems vitriolic for no good reason. What makes you happy?
Yes we all know Steve Jobs was a grade A douchenozzle. Are you just learning this now? It's also well known that Steve Jobs definitely didn't care for charity but Tim Cook is a bit [different](https://www.philanthropy.com/article/After-Steve-Jobs-Apple-Steps/228899) 
"They exploit Chinese workers, pay manufacturing workers too low, hardly give benefits to them"

What modern mass manufactured product, especially electronics, doesn't do this?
"If any chic asks me out while I see her with an Apple device, I'll tell her to stop using Apple first and switch to Android or something less showy. That's if she's already cute."

Is your life really that pathetic?
The branding hole was Apple's idea, it's not like I enjoy it.
ALL ABOARD THE HILL TRAIN. NEXT STOP PENNSYLVANIA AVE.
High five 
Deplorable.
Lol the Finns are some of the coolest people 
Thanks luv :)
Kind of a loser but he walked away from killing himself once so there's that. 
Break up with him. 
God I hate their cult talk. "Love play" really?
That turtle soup is gonna be sweet. 
Sad!!
No fucking way.....pleaseeee let this happen haha. 
We have the best LGBTSs don't we folks?
Deplorable. 
I was thinking about that too. As satisfying as it would be for her to just stare him down the media would probably pounce on her for that. 
What address did you write too? haha
The basket just got 10 feet deeper. 
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ TIM KAINE TAKE MY ENERGY ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
70% now. *mic drop* *shimmy*
THIS IS MY FIGHT SONG
ALL ABOARD THE KAINE TRAIN OF PAIN. MIKE PENCE WON'T KNOW WHAT HIT HIM. CHOO CHOO
October Surprise Week
The question I ask myself every time he speaks lol. 
I'm so happy right now. 
Deplorable. 
Oh ok so she's not dead 
Serious question has anyone even seen KellyAnne Conway since Donald's twitter rant?
Has anyone seen KellyAnne since Donald's 3am suggestion to watch porn? Lol
Hope it goes well! I just got two years with my grindr boyfriend lol. 
Please let this happen. 
Sounds absolutely delicious! 
Obviously she deserves it, no one feels sorry for her. 
Her ads are very mean to me and I don't deserve that. *cries*
Alzheimer-man
The hands 
Jesus Christ man it's the Khan family all over again. 
Not once you get into it. It's a little hard at first if you feel like you're bothering people. Honestly though a lot of people don't even answer. 
I hit a hundred calls phone banking today. Feels good man. 
Wow what a great picture. 
Men who insist on calling women "females" instead of just women. The feminist philosopher and personal hero of mine, Simone de Beauvoir, started her landmark feminist work "The Second Sex" by basically saying they call us females as if our biological designation and gender role precedes our humanity. 
Anyone else nervous that the media will be itching to paint Trump as the winner of the next debate as long as he can keep control of himself? Cause he did SO great for the first half hour last night. (/s) Would it be easier or harder for Donald to control himself in a town hall style debate?
Tim Kaine's nice guy-ness could play really well against Pence's meat and potatoes stupidity.  
Hillary: What about when you were sued by the Justice Department for refusing to rent apartments to black people?

Donald: I opened a club in Florida that let black people in.
rekt
I wouldn't be surprised if that's the reason. 
Happy birthday! Good luck phonebanking, this is the first time I've made calls for a candidate myself and once you get in the groove of it it's pretty fun.
> cyber security

You mean "The Cyber"
rekt
Biden really killin it at his rally. Thanks Joe!
Sue him for assault. 
His ties are always too long and his suits are ill fitting. 
VERY LOW ENERGY BIGLY! SAD
Welcome aboard! Glad to have you :)
Welcome! We're glad to have you! 
Braggadocious
Fierce. 
GO HILLDAWG WOOF WOOF!
Kinky
It's in the refrigerator 
Loser Don running out of money. Very low energy folks! Sad!!
19 years of Jehovahs Witness events. 
The basket just got ten feet deeper. 
I requested the day off lmao
What a great American. 
Obviously no one cares or this kind of racism would have ended the Trump campaign weeks ago. 
 I'd like to thank Donald Trump for exposing everything that is wrong with our country and how immature we still are. I'd like to thank Donald Trump for showing us how deep the wellspring of racism, xenophobia, paranoia and anti-intellectualism is in our country. I'd like to thank Donald Trump for showing us that we are a country who has still not healed from the effects of the Civil War, Jim Crow, Japanese Internment etc. I'd like to thank Donald Trump for showing us how very far we must to go to live up to the ideals of our Constitution and how much work we have left to do. Let's get started. 
Nice, I usually hate real sweet drinks but I have a soft spot for Snapple. The fruit punch is my favorite!
Agreed lol. The debate should be fun Kaine's nice guy attitude could play really well against Pence's meat-and-potatoes stupidity.  
As a millennial I really think this is the answer. Most people I know are frothing at the mouth Anti-Hillary Bernie supporters but once you ask them "What policy positions do you disagree with her on?" they have no response. 
Someone please make me feel better about Trumps upswing in the polls. 
Bless you lol
I'm getting really frustrated that Trump basically has a free pass to do whatever he wants. Every news story is about emails, baskets or pneumonia. Meanwhile El Trumpo released no tax returns, uses his fake charity to buy himself shit and him and his family dodge any serious questions. It's infuriating. 
Thanks!
I have the same one! Looking good :)
I don't know, I don't want to stumble you with even more unclean thoughts. 
So you're going to invite me over to study the Watchtower? ;)
I have Mastercard right where I want them...
Michael you cried at that tag line for a movie you made up. 
Where can I catch one of those?
Thanks for saying it lol. I was prepared to type out a list of reasons why I found the finale to Lost immensely satisfying. 
That turtle soup is gonna be sweet.
Here's to crime.
"It really is too bad my sweet...the moment was perfect..and you didn't have the nerve."
Fun fact that's why Jehovah's Witnesses don't celebrate Christmas. 
They'll never stop us.
ROGER
ROGER
For me it's The Dark Knight. When I saw Heath Ledger's Joker in the trailer I was literally thrown back in my seat. 
Exactly. The ending is frustrating but when I thought about it I knew it was the only possible ending. 
Lol and I'm sure you're a good boy 😌
Well the best is of course Nien: "Huehuehuehue"

Most of Han's and Boba's lines are good. I love when Han faces Vader and says "You think that get-up scares me?!" Boba's lines "Mercy doesn't pay the bills" and "Don't cross...a professional" are great. But then there are some cheesy ones like "We gotta do this for the princess" and "I'm gonna fill your lungs with fire". 

Otherwise Luke and Vader's lines are mostly bad. Luke's voice is just off and Vader sounds too angry all the time. Vader is badass because he was always so calm and assured of his victory. 
Then.... Apologize. 
Letting a baby (at the most 2 years old) take sips from their Red Bull. If I wasn't working I would have cussed her out to hell and back. 
Oh hey I just saw you on snapchat lol. Good luck staying locked until Friday 😌
A game of Heroes vs villains that went on for over an hour yesterday. At least 5 or 6 rounds ended up being a draw. And it kept glitching and giving our teams only 1 or 2 heroes (both of our teams were playing pretty poorly tbh). In the end though my team won after being behind 2-4. In the final round I was Greedo and landed the killing shot on all 3 heroes. And in the end I came out with 63 kills. I genuinely jumped out of my seat cheering like a dummy. The joy was real. 
It's like getting rimmed by yourself. 
I loved the movie but for the love of god can't understand why they messed with the line "Nothing ends.."
Wait what bonus scene?!
"You deserve to be commended." The most fake sounded compliment on earth. 
Biznus!
2Master2Wayne
That is incredibly frustrating. I really think we needed Man of Steel 2 before introducing Batman. 
I really got mad watching that. They somehow found something wrong with a kid wanting to learn classical music of all fucking things. Damn cult.
Cream in carbonara. 
Who else heard the (amazing) soundtrack watching this?  haha
All that chitchats gonna get ya hurt. 
Are you sweet talkin me....
"Don't cross....a professional."
IM HIT
And they'll never know....that you didn't have the nerve.
Its finally here isn't? The moment we both dreamed about...
Can confirm. Grew up JW. 
Lol Nellie was mostly terrible but had a few great lines. "I have MasterCard right where I want them..."
I thought last year you were destroyed by Polluticorn.
Ok Thomas Hobbes
I want
You mean Mr. Toilet Paper Head
Yeah! heh heh
If you continue to draw....what will *you* become?
I laughed way harder than I should have at that. 
HEY YOU CAN'T JUST WALK IN HERE THIS IS THE HIDDEN BEK BASE
Please don't let it have eyes.
"I know where you come from...before you called yourself Kylo Ren."
It's not a party if you don't do something that scares you!
I'm ok with the scene because there's one thing that can always get to Batman and that's his parents. In his own words he's just an orphaned rich kid with issues. 
Likewise 

Likewise 

Awesome man. I love Daredevil one of my favorite comic heroes and the show is great. Loved how they portrayed the Punisher. The actor really did fantastic. Elektra was kinda a weak point for me though I guess but I liked the actress. 

lol my friend killed almost a whole bottle of disaronno once and she threw up when I drove her home good stuff. 

Semper Fi. There's a few marines in my family. If my life had been different I might have enlisted but my mom would freak out so I didn't want to put her though that lol. 
imo http://i.imgur.com/4X94pNP.jpg 
Have you watched the new season of Daredevil with the Punisher? What kind of shows and shit do you like? What's your drink? 
French toast or waffle?
Did they seriously not use Nien Numb's same laugh from ROTJ? lol
You're working hard? On this? 
What
Please god Danny Trejo
Really? He's like the only thing I've seen of the movie that I'm still not on board with at all. Everything else looks fantastic though.
Don't do that...
Yep. We can lock this thread up that's the answer. lol
You can't eat cats Kevin
Ohhh I hate monkeys. 
As in they already had the model for a Sullastan and Rodian so they just reskinned them and called them Nien Nunb and Greedo.
Oh sweet Jesus yes. 
I don't care for Sam Smith's music and he always seems really eager to play the "I'm gay" card. He just leaves a bad taste in my mouth. 
War is god.
Awesome, thank you! 
You're an angel. :)
How
How do you like your eggs in the morning?
;)
The novelization goes even further and says that the team who stole the plans killed themselves before they could be interrogated. I don't think Disney will allow that though..
No but there was talk about it once until one of the crazy sisters said that the only thing we should do in a talent show was sing the kingdom songs. Lol
So you don't know what real Ramen is but you're commenting anyway?
Batman......darling.
Need more
That's a devil name
YOU'RE THE PEOPLE'S PRINCESS! DIANA WAS NOTHING!!
All right....the O!
Well that's frustrating lol
I guess my unpopular opinion is that Andy is terrible. I never thought he was funny even back in season 3.
Yeah I thought it was a perfect moment until her dad was like "I'm also here"
100% agree. I watched Return of the Jedi right before seeing TFA and it seemed like such a logical place to start the new story. Like Luke disappearing is a collective "Holy shit" for the whole galaxy. 
Says the obese man. 
Well that's a dumb thing to say and you didn't need to say it on that sub. Plus all of my college professors save 2 were conservatives. 
I was going to say this. I don't know why people seem to think boiled green beans, broccoli or brussel sprouts are going to taste good. 
HEYYY!!! THATS MINNNEEE!!!!!
Don't attack
Get on your feet! Get up and make it happen!
But no damage!
Assassinate. 
Ugh this BS is so frustrating to read Lloyd.  Just know that pretty much everyone I've seen on Reddit is on your side. Stay strong. 
Fox Mulder...I've waited for this day for a long time. 
Speak for yourself
You know you can't trust those little freaks!
Killed and ate that son'a bitch
I've gotta meet Lawanda at the Alcohol Club
Bring it down
A lot of fans will tell you that it's really good and that it gets better after the few seasons but for me that has never been the case. Definitely watch it and see if it's your cup of tea though it's not bad it just never blew me away :)
That actually was the way the Emperor was originally portrayed in the ANH novelization. 
Stop crying!
Tell that to Kanjiklub
Those are all intriguing choices that I would love to see as the Judge. Except Ben Affleck. 
Vincent D'Onofrio? 
Wait what the fuck was that. 
Wtf
Ah yes I was wondering what would break first. Your spirit... or your body.
I think Kylo boarding the Falcon would have been really cool to see.  No dialogue he just walks through the ship and sits in the cockpit. It even would have mirrored the part where Han walks into the cockpit for the first time earlier.  I think it could have been a very strong scene. 
You know you can't trust those little freaks!
Yeah that's it. This same scene is actually still in the novelization. 
I'm in 😏
The town tart. 
Dude why can you not understand that we agree with you that piracy is bad but piracy and theft are not exactly the same thing. 
Send me the key 😁
Awesome :p
That's why I fucking love KOTOR 2, easily some of the best writing in any Star Wars product. 
Yeah same lol. I read this question and thought "Um, everything"
As a fellow gay I'd probably be down for that. 
I really want a scene where Leia slaps Kylo Ren and doesn't take his bullshit.
Fuck man and I'm just sitting here reading Christopher Hitchens. 
You got any kahlua man?
Yub yub my lord
Everything about this warmed my heart 😁
I really like seeing both Kamino and Kashyyyk actually, just Boba and Chewie felt forced. (Chewie especially)
I'd be really happy with 12 movies in the main saga. Then anthologies and Old Republic stuff to flesh it out. 
What do you wish to hear? That I once believed in the code of the Jedi? That I once felt the call of the Sith? That perhaps I once held the galaxy by its throat? That perhaps what the greatest Sith Lords knew of evil they learned from me?
Only in the novelization I believe. It mentions that he was injured in a fight with Obi-Wan over a molten pit.
Watched them leading up to TFA, they're still pretty bad. I try not to *hate* them because they definitely are Star Wars and they all have good moments. But man then you just listen to Anakin's dialogue in Episode II and get depressed. 
I'd be quite happy with that. Really establishes Thanos as a serious treat. 
Look how old you've become. 
Yes because I was waiting for Star Wars and time really flew by toward the end.
You're a saint.
What about that do we not know about the First Order? It's been 30 years Vaders grandson has joined the remnants of the Empire, Luke tried starting a Jedi order but was betrayed and Leia started a Resistance against the First Order because the Republic doesn't want to fight them openly. How is that the same as ANH?
With the Restored Content Mod. 
I hope so, KOTOR II is excellent with a "darker" story than the first one that is actually pretty dark and some of the best writing in any Star Wars product. It's a real shame Lucasarts rushed Obsidian to produce it because it could have been even better but if you just slap the Restored Content Mod on you'll mostly be good to go.
I second this. 
Always lovely to see haha
I can't wait until Tumblr spins this into a narrative about racism against those who were arrested. 
Seconded posting on /r/legaladvice and it's the top result on /r/atheism the exposure is good. I'm sorry for you on your brother OP this is the only post on reddit that has made me cry. :(
As an Ex-Jehovah's Witness this really hit a cord with me. I'm literally crying.
To be totally honest I wasn't into that movie as much as everyone else seems to be. It's not bad it's just ok. 
Did you read the opening crawl or listen to Hux's speech?
What did we know about the Empire in ANH?
Did you read the opening crawl?
Dude that's not what happened at all. It's in the opening crawl. The good guys won, there's a New Republic then the remnants of the Empire form into the First Order. The New Republic is wary of fighting them directly so tolerates Princess Leia's Residence. 
I am really the only one who got the gist of all this from the opening crawl?
The guy next to me smelled heavily of Cheetos. Heavily. 
You mean Guardians of the Galaxy felt a bit Empire Strikes Back. 😏
Here's a fun fact in the novelization for A New Hope Vader actually mentions that the Rebel soldiers who stole the Death Star plans killed themselves before he could get to them. I'm like 100% sure Disney wouldn't allow that lol but I always thought that was an interesting little tidbit in the book. 
Yeah I think of all the upcoming movies that one makes the most people trepedatious. 
There is a New Republic but the Resistance is the one actively fighting the First Order almost like splinter group. 
At first I thought it was "master" but now I can hear "last" so now I'm not sure.
Mail me the key 😊
As far as I'm concerned if that's the worst thing that can be said about the movie we're in pretty good shape. 
Mail me the key 😊
Stephen King excels at short fiction lol
The heads of the organization, the Governing Body, seem like they're absolutely deluded rather than just hoarding all the money. 
The pressure to donate has really increased lately. One of the monthly broadcasts on tv.JW.org recently spoke heavily about the need for more funds. 
That.....is actually a great idea. 
We don't know for sure it's random lol 
It's not a coincidence if Han and Chewie have been looking for the Falcon
Being happy lol.
"They're boring"
In Darth Plagueis novel, non-canon now, Plagueis speculates that the Force was so powerful in him that it instinctively hid itself so as to not be found.
I want to major in philosophy, is this a good idea?
My boyfriend worked on the film and thought it was the worst Star Wars movie yet. So I don't know what to think now. 
I'm like 80% certain that his species wasn't mentioned in Tarkin. Just that he was indeed Palpatine's master and he believed that the Force could "strike back" like he did in the Plagueis novel.
In theory I'd be ok with them not interacting but I can't help but feel I'll be slightly disappointed if they don't get at least one scene together, preferably one in which Han refers to Luke as "Kid" or "Junior". They had a really nice bromance in the OT it would be really satisfying to that continued. 
Leaving us before the movie comes out? HAVE YOU NO HONOR?!
Isn't the answer to that we can find "empirical" answers on science, as in we can be fairly certain of the way gravitation works or how medicines work but we might never be able to find certain answers to moral problems?
I agree with *you* but that's the way the right is going to spin it. 
Well now they have more "ammo" against taking in any Syrian refugees. 
I thought we were done with people just saying things.
Ha! I fucking love her.
Jehovah's Witnesses probably one of the most subtle and effective destructive cults. 
And if the babe is born a boy 

He's given to a woman old

Who nails him down upon a stone

Catches his shrieks in cups of gold.
I think it's cool that we've seen in both military garb and more formal wear, will be interesting to see how they're actually used in the movie. 
Stop that
Personally I think it'll be a flash back type sequence initiated by the Force, probably while they're talking to Maz. It seems like a very JJ Abrams thing to do. 
Great points, absolutely agree.
Send me the key. :)
HTC. This isn't just /r/android leaking things are objectively looking pretty grim for them. They're getting pushed out of the high end by iPhones and Samsung and undercut on price in India/China by Xiaomi and other Chinese manufactures. They've been in the red all year I think. They've been removed from Taiwan's top stock index. They've been cutting costs and laying off employees. The latest flagship in the One M- series was only marginally better than it's predecessor and wasn't very well received at all. Their HTC One brand in still being diluted by a million variant phones. They're hinging a lot on virtual reality it seems which is still a niche product. They've released a weird little action camera (kind of a fun toy tbh) but they're now selling it at 1/4th the price it was introduced at. They announced a fitness band that was never released (and it was going to cost $200 with competing fitness bands at like half the price). They pissed a lot of people off with an "ad" for the Fantastic Four movie in their notification shade (it was technically an ad for a specific theme in their theme app but it was hard not to interpret it as an ad for a movie). Their Blinkfeed feature now has ads unless you disable them. It's taken them three generations of phones for them to start realizing that their cameras are crap. Then just last month they [released this fucking thing](http://imgur.com/PgUO2yS) the One A9 a blatant copy of the iPhone. Their response is that it was in fact Apple who copied them, which is crap. Yes the One M7 had antenna lines on a metal unibody before them but the One Series had a completely different design language before the A9. I say this as someone who really liked HTC and owned a One M8 until a few months ago. I'd really like them to stick around and I think competition in the Android market is a good thing but when the best thing I can say about your latest phones is that they're Just Ok compared to the competition you probably won't last very long. 
Kind of weird yeah but I think it's just a turn of phrase. I think what'll happen is that Han and Chewie have been looking for the Falcon, find it on Jakku and then run into Finn and Rey. 
Seriously he must have had like a stroke or something right?
Is anyone else a little nervous cause it seems a bit derivative of A New Hope? I just hope it'll do enough to really stand on its own. Like I really hope Starkiller Base isn't destroyed in this film, would be cool to have a threat that really spans the whole trilogy. 
Me me! lol. Glad you're enjoying it
Moz Maz
Same
Well he just said that he was stranding up on a podium about 25ft high, not necessarily that Snoke himself is  physically 25ft tall.
only god can judge me
Saw a guy at work yesterday with a a ring of flames tattooed around his face/head. Real winner that one. 
"BB-8 hold on!"

"Boop boop"

Made me giggle like a school girl. 
I know I just meant that the only missing link is Luke and we'll need to wait til his exact role in the movie is known to start guessing when we might get a reunion of the Big 3. 
In the new teaser Han and Leia are both in the war room looking place. I think the only one out of the mix for the time being is Luke.
[I googled around and found this snake looking McQuarrie concept for the Emperor. Kind of interesting.](http://starwarsaficionado.blogspot.com/2012/09/classic-art-mcquarries-emperor.html)
You will
The other day my philosophy professor said that his is when he can't count his money anymore. 
I insist 😏
Agreed, I really liked this. It's a shame Nellie was mostly terrible because Catherine Tate is excellent. 
He was so close I could smell his shit
For some reason I really loved Johnny Depp's performance in Tusk. 
Also hit me up. 😁 lol
I was also a fan of the EU but you gotta admit getting rid of it was the only good option. IG-88 taking over the Death Star and bs like that was just nonsense. I love Grand Admiral Thrawn as much as the next guy but non-canonizing the EU and mining it for ideas and characters is easily the best option. 
Lol this is how I feel about that. And most things watchtower does now. 

http://youtu.be/KzDzsoFEivA
Definitely Kink.com haha
That was helpful, thanks. 
I never like him, ever since season 3. 
I have one and honestly I think at $50 it would be a pretty cool little buy.
I've figured that I'll cry several times.  

1. When the music starts 

2. During the opening crawl

3. The first time we see the Falcon

4. The first time we see Han and Chewie 

5. When I realize I like the new characters as much as the old ones (hopefully)

6. The first time Leia does something badass. 

7. Probably something with Maz Kanata

8. JEDI MASTER LUKE SKYWALKER

Star Wars (the special edition) was the first movie I ever saw in a theater. Kind of a lot riding on this movie for me. Lol
That would be totally badass if that was what Luke was doing in the movie. 
In all honesty he must have had a stroke or something? Right? Right?....
Me me me :)
Yub yub commander. 
A block of granite. 
I've said it many times, I would nope out of the movie if that happened. 
Even a mention of Luke. Or the lightsaber.
Oh man lucky I grabbed mine haha. There has been an awakening. 
If done properly that could be a really cool story. Like how in KOTOR the Star Forge was actually ancient, dark side powered technology.
Agreed, love that line. 
It looks more like Teebo the little scavenger guy. 
God damn it