Yeah there's Tumblr gifs and this... This is like a telegraph gif.
It's after they redesigned the uniforms to a two piece top. His top uniform is still Command Red, but the bottom part, an purple-grey undershirt, is shared by all class of officers. They are usually worn separate as an informal uniform when off duty. Later (movies, DS9) this design was inverted (colors inside, purple-grey top)

He's wearing it here because he was off duty when unexpectedly transported to the surface with an alien captain. Like other user said, Darmok is one of the best episodes of all Star Trek, DEFINITELY watch it.

[Chart - TNG era is 11-15](http://orig01.deviantart.net/513a/f/2012/341/5/b/starfleet_uniform_evolution_by_jonizaak-d5ndc13.png)
I think Grosjean is an early contender for my favorite F1 driver... I'm guessing this is before the race starts *and* he did that twice this season?! Poor guy.
By "celebrity" could have been a cover for something else that... Wouldn't care about such laws.

As for legality, it definitely violates international maritime law, not sure about DR's. If the USCG/USN caught you doing that shit, theyd probably treat you as a pirate.

Pro tip: [don't ever let the USN think you're a pirate...](https://youtu.be/RqecIfMQaFo)

[Or USCG for that matter](https://youtu.be/1snF6PF0UTA)
I feel like I could appreciate the subtle techniques rather than wanting to see crashes and who wins (that's fun too though). I enjoy soccer a lot and as any fan of the sport would tell you, it's not just the goals that's makes it entertaining, but the technical progression between two teams as well.
Yeah I do enjoy WWC just wish it was more readily available to watch online.
Damn, I gotta get into F1
As a poly dude, damn how much more do you need?! If Jeri was my wife, I'd probably go monogamous haha.
Hands do tend to fall off easily in Star Wars...
Ok who in the MCU could take on a fully fledged Jedi Knight or Sith Lord?
Time to try heroin infused, bath salt flavored meth crack rock. With a tram of 60 year old scotch to wash it down.
Why are you two in my apartment?
My brother in law did exactly this. Said he was nervous as hell trying to clutch the secret shell in his BC.
Golden Gate Park was designed by the same guy as Central Park, he preferred GGP because the city let him "hide" all the monuments and statues inside the natural landscape design of the park.

Also GGP *feels* like a natural forest, it's designed as such there's no simple egress from one side to the other, creating a sense of being able to lose yourself in it. Which you def can.

Source: former San Franciscan living in NYC.
*Laughs in RC-4*
Dayumm, nice place to live. Definitely my top 3 locations. Also since it's Canada, you can fakin ski in April there haha.
Besides Master Shake's pranks
All bow before our master troll. For he is legend.
Almost looks like a wild /r/deepfriedmemes
Annd this is what skiffs are for
What?! That's extremely forward operations - behind enemy lines forward... JTAC are my fav special forces operators. I know some USAF JTAC, they are some awesome dudes. Gotta be pure stealth and they get cool laser guns haha
Obama
Spoiler: Clarkson dies at the end
Comics
Fuckin gotem
I liked that for a brief moment, both leaders gestured to each other to enter their respective countries simultaneously. Pretty powerful images today.
Haha that sounds almost surreal.
I live with a married lesbian couple. They call it shark week whenever they're aligned. It's funny, but also a reminder to give them a wide berth haha.
Reminds me of that Bill Burr skit. He's like black people got it right, they put the fucking on the end. When I say "this mother fuckin asian" people are like woooww slow down. When a black dude says "this asian mother fucker" people don't notice the mother fucker.
Damn. I got a lot of respect for that guy. He didn't just take some ceremonial position. The guy was a fuckin Apache gunner stationed at a FOB.
Found the Martian!
Question. I moved away before this scooter craze hit... But as a former San Franciscan how the hell aren't these stolen like instantaneously?! Bikes would get stolen even if tied up... These look just childishly easy to steal.
"The second deadliest thing in the system is a UN Marine" - Bobbie Draper, MMC

Also Fred Johnson was was Colonel in the UNMC and they're mentioned more in the books.
Yeah they could have been just armored UNN security - def not a power suit though - which seems like the one from S3E3 is
Ah yeah you're right, he was a friend of Bobbie's
He was wearing armor, but what looked like standard body armor (ie the guys at the UN building on Earth) with a vac-suit. This is the first we've seen what looks like UNMC power armor.

["standard" UN armor](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/01/6e/9a/016e9a3790d0f7e7f7b6c6076a1824b5.jpg) kinda closer to what Johnson was wearing.
Funny because it's a sign of disrespect/untrust in the US - after desegregation, many people working would place the money on the counter for african americans. The crazy thing is living in Brooklyn I see it today from the other perspective, african americans placing money on the counter. I wonder if it's some sort of social conditioning from generations of distrust and mistreatment.
In the books they mention the UNMC have powered suites like the MMC's but less advanced. They also mention UNMC using powered mechs too (CW IIRC) when Bobbie fights the PM monster alongside UNMC on Ganymede.
More like ReDANNNNG Island amirite? Guys...?
Sidenote: when we gettin the Roci back? #bringbacktheroci!
Also seeing Earth's planetary defenses in action was fuckin sweet. Watching them pick off 19 nukes like gnats was awesome. I'm surprised they only let 1 get through.
They also did a great job illustrating that it's a generation behind MCRN ships. The loose wires, electrical issues, and cramped CIC all highlight she's an old bird \(also how the Admiral talks to the ship was a nice touch\). Compared to the Donenger, it feels old and out of date, but I love its aesthetics.
Another shot of one [https://i.imgur.com/MHfmPph.png](https://i.imgur.com/MHfmPph.png)
Or rather a UNMC Marine... /pedantics
Yeah that helps, thanks. 
/r/nocontext
Haha the Toyota part got me, nice attention to detail.
/u/tickleyourfrontbutt really knows how to tell a sweet story
Damn you can see his reaction, even a hard mother fucker would choke up when a liberated kid tells you they love you. Dude's literally protecting his own country, all for this, and doesn't expect any thanks and gets this... That shit would catch anyone off guard.
Naw man, Denmark isn't America. They actually care about rehabilitation.
I'm in the same boat. Just started playing FFVII again (via steam link w/ steam controller on my projector) and bought a Brady Games guide on eBay to use alongside the game. Just like my childhood... Used to read it in class eagerly deciding what I was going to work on when I got home.

That and I've completely forgotten all the secrets in that game haha.
Honestly with what we're doing with all our freedom lately, I think it might not be a bad idea to unsubscribe... What's your return policy?
As an American with our current situation... I wouldn't blame you at all. Hell I'd love to have your healthcare alone.

I for one would welcome our new maple leaf overloads
Yeah it is pretty fucking hilarious. Especially since you consider it came from an American and published in our "sister colony" Australia... 

WE MUST PREPARE!
Holy shit the example photograph of this is incredibly powerful...

[US Air Force Major greets a Maori warrior with a traditional Hongi greeting](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/47/Powhiri%2C_USAF.jpg/800px-Powhiri%2C_USAF.jpg) during the 2007 fly by ceremony in Christchurch, NZ - which honors New Zealand and United States' commitment to Antarctic exploration.

PS - aside from the US, New Zealand has lead more expeditions of Antarctica than any other nation. My buddy works for NASA Antarctica and he said they'd often venture out to the Kiwi's compound because they had better booze and movies.

Double PS - NASA is using McMurdo Station, AN as a case study for how humans could apply sustainability practicies and a semi psychological barometer for off-word colonies like Mars.
Sounds like my sex life
Ah yes, the Hot Fuzz approach...
All I can hear is Jakety Sax playing in the background
Goddamnit Toby, can't get anything right.
Can't wait for the new season. That show is so good, great replay value too.
That is two friends perfectly in sync
Is that Bill Burr?
https://giphy.com/gifs/bojackhorseman-3o7aCVYdxJUQmWI0z6
Reminds me of this picture I took https://i.imgur.com/jH1iR0K.jpg

No one's actually looking at it...
"what's cheapest by gallon?"
Thought 3 digit interstates were for circular highways.
Fuckin love that scene. SWCC are the shit.
How the fuck did the security guy escape the white faced dudes?! He just pops back up on the shore like "Hey what's up guys? Yeah the park is pretty fucked right?"

Also, damn QA has to be like an all time record worst security force. They let a few dudes armed with antiques go kill hundreds of people while armed with P90s - that shoot like 800rpm recoilless... All without alerting the outside.
Don't have a switch, when you buy the physical version, Nintendo doesn't give you an option to digitally store it too? 
Srs question, why hasn't Xbox/PS switched (ha) to SD/CFast? Seems way more effective than BD discs.
Who she fighting?
She would absolutely *crush* that offroad part in that F-type
ITT: brigading and whataboutists
Reddit sure does love some robo people. I know I do. What a time to be alive.
Reflaction my dude. Orbital mirrors probably magnify the sunlight by a powerful magnitude. Also probably more sustainable as our sun doesn't need reactor fuel.
Just talked about this in another thread, but yeah I'd pay Apple $300 to use ProRes on my workstation. It's just so annoying
And best comment too... Hopefully we get some new fans.

https://i.imgur.com/7drHiqr.gifv
Innas care not for no one but dem self beltalowda, sasa que? Ever day Belta day if ya rock got air mi beratna!
Well, he did eat a lot of badger.
You try Lagorith (sp?) AVI? It's a pretty good alternative intermediary. I once used it for some specialized plugins my colleague had in AE (prior to directlink). I hear DNxHD/DNxHR (the Avid one) is solid too - also works with Premiere.

ProRes is still the standard though. It is so flexible
Yup. Really wish Apple would officially release the liscense even for a fee. I'd pay $300 to encode ProRes on my home workstation.
Reminds me of the dancing heart guy over the 101 in San Francisco. Really made being stuck in traffic easier.

https://www.kqed.org/news/10897930/who-is-the-dancer-on-the-highway-101-overpass
Muh boy Zlatan gettin deep in that bootyhole, going straight for those Swedish meatballs.
Just moved to NYC from Soma SF. There's a shockingly less number of visible homeless here (percentage wise). Whatever NY is doing, California should adopt or at least investigate.
Said this above:

>Work in an all Apple office (sans sever). It's basically turnkey, support, and user friendly.

>However the support part... Meh. IMHO Win10 has come a lonnnng way in user friendly, but I get it, it's familiar.

Yup. Production company that switched to Adobe and used to OSX. Also ProRes, a common intermediary, is pretty complicated to get on Win10 (not MS fault).

My home workstation is PC though.
Work in an all Apple office (sans sever). It's basically turnkey, support, and user friendly.

However the support part... Meh. IMHO Win10 has come a lonnnng way in user friendly, but I get it, it's familiar.
What about Dell's 5K panel? It's not too steep.
Naw if it's the highest end iMP then it's well over $10K - Dual Intel Xeon E7 16c, 1Tb DDR4,   Vega GPU, PCIe SSD etc

OP is right though, it's Apple's first decent spec computer in a while, but there's no fuckin way it won't have CRAZY heating problems cramming all that in the back of a monitor... I've seen previous gen i7 iM fans scream trying to cool itself off. They're already releasing a new Mac Pro design this year (super rare)- a sign that the iMP was probably a mistake

Also, as usual, has shit I/O and PC identical specs is cheaper.
Except not as good of a lawyer
Oh believe me, we know. This sub has a collective fear of this show being cancelled. Which would suck since there is going to be 9 books + novellas to draw from...

Sadly, I feel like Syfy shouldn't take on massive shows like a space opera. They don't have the adshare and auidence like HBO/Netflix/APV does, honestly it's irresponsible. But maybe they'll put it off.

The good news is it made #7 on Amazon top shows and I've seen some random comments on the show on other subs... Just keep spreadin da word baretna.


A wild /r/TheExpanse reference!

Keep spread the word, Belta Loda
Humans don't break the laws of physics, but aliens can rewrite them. 
Funny sidenote: looks like the header on those pages say "NO PORN"

heh
If Top Gear tought me anything, if this was a Toyota Hilux, it would just winch itself out, take a quick tan and drive off on its own unscathed.
Heh wonder if that's where they got the lines from in Hurt Locker about landscaping the city they were in
Don't forget Little Five Points for the eclectic side of the city. Solid thrift and vinyl shops. And EAV/Edgewood (home to MLK's church also) for nightlife.
Yeah growing up in rural GA you get used to seeing planes all the time you confuse them with the stars.
Mind making a stop in Brooklyn? Maybe get some Zesto's too...
He can detect American foulbrood huh? Wish I had this dog around when I met my ex...
I've spent too much time on Reddit today.
Could be a global. Either way, definitely demascus steel
I mean he could've grown up in SF and went to Stanford...
So is the BFS designed to take off from Luna? Because I want to see a Luna base sometime in my life... 
Me too haus. Telling litearlly everyone I know to watch the show/read the books.
Aside from the parts where he get's donations from across the system, I agree. I love the show Prax more than the books Prax so far.
Yeah I do like it goes by stardate. Think I'll use this one as a watch order instead with TAS/DSC shoehorned in.
Just check any post mildly criticizing DSC. I gets brigaded by bots pretty heavily. The nature of discourse in this sub has *dramatically* changed since Aug 2017.

I wrote a comment about it a few months ago. Everyone who commented in a an extreme response on mine, and a few other threads that wanted to dissect DSC's canon in a reasonable way, were created exactly 11mo prior to the premiere of DSC...
It's pretty common knowledge that /r/StarTrek is infected with bots... Ever since the premiere of DSC.
Hmm.. I like that it includes temporal anomalies. But no DSC/TAS.
Yeah.. I use semi-release clips like a goof. Either way, I cant see how these are better than clips/springs. Even more so... I can't imagine you get nearly as much thrust from your tow tips than the fins being around your entire foot. My guess these are more for free divers than SCUBA divers.
Yeah, but the update after them [look fuckin sweet](https://pre00.deviantart.net/b2f5/th/pre/f/2014/198/3/f/phaser_rifle__24th_century__tech_readout__new__by_unusualsuspex-d7qzf78.jpg)

Still, my fav is the [MACO Particle Carbine](https://pre00.deviantart.net/7865/th/pre/f/2014/163/7/f/maco_particle_rifle__22nd_century__tech_readout_by_unusualsuspex-d7jvuor.jpg) - they look like proper naval ship warfare rifles. Short and compact for close quarter, room to room combat, and customizable for ranged engagements.
Did Abrams really say that?!
I felt the same way, until I powered through Season 1. It actually gets a lot better. Season 3 might be one of the coolest story lines in all of Trek.
Well that's it. Time to make a trip to New Hampshire! Anything I can do while there that's fun? Never been to NH, might as well find something fun to do.
As a driver the most annoying thing you deal with us getting your fins on and off... Not sure if this makes it better or worse...
That's what everyone said on the first Easter
Or, ya know, switch to PC. More power, less cost... 

 A lot of my colleagues have switched since Apple started to drop the ball keeping their tech updated enough.
"You should try tea..."

Fuckin gotem Prax
Stay thirsty my friends
World's *worst* water park ride.
Paging /r/TheExpanse...
Except the audio is terrible
Whhhyyyy the fuck do people clap anyway?
I should move to Russia...
I'm waiting to see The Martian reference in the series...

Who knows, maybe we'll see an Artemis one too since Wier wrote it after PR. Would be cool to see a small homage in a Luna scene.
What speaker stands are those
https://giphy.com/gifs/bojackhorseman-3o7aCVYdxJUQmWI0z6
Change tornado to taxes, student loans, and crippling depression and lawn to substance abuse and you get the adult version.
"Nice shooting madam" Fuckin got me haha.
Hah yeah SF holds a very special place in my heart. I love NYC, but damn that city is just awesome in its strangeness.
A vampire Navy officer... That would actually be a cool way to dedicate part of your immortal life
Current resident of Brooklyn, former San Franciscan can confirm. BART is like the Renoir of strange shit you'll see on a subway.

Hand jobs against the door, puke creeks, the fresh scent of crack, crazy dude yelling at space lizards only he can see... You name it, BART's got it. Also sounds like a million tortured kittens crying in unison when it makes a turn...
Greetings from Jupiter.
Yes, yes. Let the hate *flow* through you
Well damn gotta watch that again... and every other Jackie Chan movie
Can confirm. Went to my tech startup internship in San Francisco first day in a suit... The owner, 32 year old long haired, laughed at me whilst wearing sandles and fucking dude yoga pants. I felt pretty dumb, but happy I could just wear jeans and a tee everyday after.
That would be a pretty big NDA breach
This is so great. The fact that the show is a smaller budget kinda makes it better... Restraints make artist just that more creative. Also you guys seem to be a family makes it even better. Good luck with season 3!
Naw he didn't "switch" in the books, just said something like why he follows his captain. Because he's his moral compass.
That wouldn't make sense though. Dawes would never want to live on a planet. It only makes sense if a Martian does it.
Yo no spoilers in this thread... /s
They really went all out on Errinwright's evilness for the show
Good news, Wes Chatham is former Navy so you may be in luck on those feelings... haha, naw he is kinda dreamy... in a murder you 16 different ways way
https://i.imgur.com/0DzhW.gifv

Seriously tho, check out the other sticky for book spoilers... 

https://www.reddit.com/r/TheExpanse/comments/8bie3s/book_readers_episode_discussion_s03e01_fight_or/
https://i.imgur.com/vB9B5.gifv

Dat raspy voice tho...
Everyone I talk to is like "ohh yah Syfy..." a show cursed by it's distributor. Had HBO or Showtime, even FX picked this up, it would've been a major sensation
*Avarsala prefiring on Bobbie*

*Bobbie grinning*, "Well done madam"

*Cotyar taking the gun from Avarsala*, "Give me that... yeah..."
A) Great username. 

B) As a fellow filmmaker, I am urging all my colleagues and friends to do the same and watch too. This really is one of the BEST TV shows on right now - not just Sci-fi. George RR Martin's critique of it really highlights how amazing the show really is.

C) Finally, how is it working on the show? Seems like it's put together with so much love - really respects the source material and everything from the chemistry of talent, set design, and editing flow perfectly.
Think about it, last season they mention the "cry outs" of the Ganymede PM when Eros hit Venus.. So yes, it would seem that the PM can communicate in *realtime* - ie faster than light.

For more info, check the books. Can't say more than that.
Soooo... Drummer doing pull ups while still bleeding.... HHHNGG
 In the trailers for S3, I could've sworn I saw Earth being bombed. Think we'll get the rocks falling on Earth this season?

I know it's way too early, and I'd honestly rather see an entire season dedicated to the Free Navy, but I am kinda dying to see that happen...
So evil. I love it. When he got got in the books, I was like "meh ok"... but in the shows... OH YOU KNOW it's gonna be *sweet*
Correct me if I'm wrong, but doesn't the coffee machine get fragged for some reason during the books?

That being said, yeah its a major departure... but his look of pure sorrow for what he did was priceless.
Oh it better be MOTHER FUCKIN THOMAS JANE! I shall sharpen my pitchfork in the event it's not.
ALL ABOARD DAT IO TRAIN. TOOT TOOT!
I disagree, I think she's Pa. I know Bull had the background with Johnson, but he was UNMC, Drummer is pure Belter. 

Which leads me to think she's Pa, not only because Johnson asks her to go to the Nauvoo, but because the show really is setting her up to be the real future leader of the Belters, the President of the Transport Union - ie her saying Dawes is shit, etc
Quick question: Drummer in the show is Pa right? Think I remember reading somewhere they combined the characters for the show.
Is it [this](https://i.imgur.com/iUbChSy.png)?
Agreed. Several times in the books Amos mentions Holden as being "the guy who makes the right choices, ones I wouldn't make and that's why I follow him" etc. Admitting he'd be a psychopath if it wasn't for Holden's morality.

Basically WWJHD
Haha Intel i9000, *Miller Inside*
https://i.imgur.com/vB9B5.gifv

Naw like /u/pancake117 said, it'll prob be a way for them to reunite as a family - ie Prax saying "we must be reborn from the ashes". Prob when Holden addresses the system again telling everyone what's up, almost certainly after he gets back on Naomi's sweet Belta ass.

So I'm just assuming it's just a writing tool to signify their alliances to each other. Otherwise we gotta start a #BringBackdaRoci on twitter haha
Yeah was 100% Dawes. Just think the choice to give him a shitty profile picture just added to his "underground mystique" credibility.

That being said, with the pace of this show I'm SUPER excited to see the Duarte reveal... dollars to doughnuts we see him this season at least as an introductory, background character. Maybe in a random scene of the UNN and MCRN fighting we go aboard a Martian ship and randomly see a mid level officer with the nameplate "Duarte"...
Drummer is such a badass. When she executed those two OPA guys and walked away after being gut shot...

Shame though, kinda liked that one OPA guy before he committed treason.
See also: Ford just shooting the sword guy in Indiana Jones.
"Tears in rain" death soliloquy from Blade Runner. Was written by the actor Rutger Hauer
Holy shit Star Trek is about reach a whole new dimension of funny.
Rememba da Cant dusta boy, sasa que.
Head on over to /r/TheExpanse for all your Expansey needs.

So happy to see this show on the front page. It really is the best modern space opera, and Syfy has done a surprisingly good job for their brand by carrying it. George RR Martin said if Game of Thrones was in space, these are the books he'd want to write. 
My grandpa was a dive bomber in the USN during the Pacific WWII. Still amazed he lived through all of that + flying the first naval jets in Korea.
I think a lot of that comes from Georgia being a relatively well off state compared to the rest of the South with some solid education programs.

I too grew up in rural Georgia, and yeah it's strange to think there's so many racist asshats around us. For a reference, the most overtly racist thing I've ever seen happened while I lived in California - my mixed race couple friends (also from GA) got openly harassed in a bar. I was dumbfound, because that shit would never fly anywhere I lived in GA. Especially in Atlanta, that would be a one way ticket to an ass beating.
As Georgian raised in a small town by cultured, wordly parents I can say we're not all the strerotype. I'm definitely in the minority coming from a Southern liberal family, but even that aside, I know a lot of good people from living there. None of which hold prejudices against others for being any kind of different from themselves.
Then it's war.
Pretty sure Amos would be smiling as she crushes him.
Dude with super thick wrists here. We get the same thing. It's just the other way around - trying to touch fingers around it or using two hands.
All that and still shit up speed. God they're stingy.
I just want an OLED 10bit HDR monitor... Not BS like QLED and pesudo HDR. Guess that's asking a lot.
Protip: if you lose your key lock, take your car to the dealership (tow if needed), they'll let you use their master set for free.
Heh home island in swedish would be like Home Holm
How can it be HDR and not 10bit?! So stupid.
What is this, a crossover episode?!

In all seriousness, the shenanigans that would ensue would be pretty hilarious. Thinking Amos and Bortas having a serious facial expression standoff...
Cocaine makes you see red spiders... DARE was so useless.
Hiding from Al Qaeda as Jack Ryan
Solid /r/theocho material right there
Cocaine is a hell of a drug
TIL: Sweden invented waterboarding
Fuckin A' man. Sometimes I wonder if it's why I loved sci-fi so much growing up... The idea of people's race/orientation/religion being completely irrelevant seems pretty cool, ya know?
Phew. Couldve been worse. Like... a lot worse. No bed of roses during that time wherever they'd live mind you, but least it wasn't like Mississippi.
Haha yeah he was genuinely hilarious that show.

Totally read that in his voice too
So Kimmie intentionally stopped racing to go back to his crew then? 
You could always try going back to a more stable version like 2016 until it's patched?
Me applying to a job in my field...
Haha they're like "umm that humon looks broken... maybe should we help?"
That could be us... Fuck. Scary thought since there's soooo much more story to be told
I hope the execs at Syfy take the internet and ondemand numbers seriously. It's a space opera show, naturally it'll attract a lot of fans who cut the cord.
No need to worry. The second one is just them returning to their mothership.
I second this motion
Yeah GTA V beat Star Wars VII's opening weekend (different release dates obviously). Think it was one of the first times a video game did something like that.
Great soundtrack though
No clue haha I just randomly typed it
And croutons
Is that Hispanic Clive Owen?
Someone send me a bottle of whiskey and I'll start generating OC right away
Heh sockpuppet accounts
Steph is a goddamned national treasure. Humble as hell, polite, and the consument professional. Plus, how can you not like a guy who's signature move is [chewing on his mouth guard?](https://static01.nyt.com/images/2015/06/16/magazine/16mag-mouthguards/16mag-mouthguards-jumbo.jpg?quality=75&auto=webp)
I understood some of the words in that sentence.
You are now a mod of /r/CVShatestrees
Naw man, may parents rock. Talked to them yesterday in fact. Im sorry you didn't have the same experience.
Yeah... I gotta call my parents
Holy shit this is you? Can we be friends? I fuckin love your reactions and cuts. Solid comedic timing

Also that looks exactly like my CVS in Brooklyn hah
>Thanks

FTFY
IRL Pam Poovey?
Lode Runner.... My childhood....
https://i.imgur.com/XS5LK.gifv
I mean you're right, he rarely is
 #2: yep.

There's half a dozen Android phones that outperform the iPhone X and cost less. Most with less or no bloatware.

Seriously why the fuck would you spend $1200 on a goddamn Facebook/email machine?!

Just spend $400 on a phone that does the same thing and $700 on a hooker so at least you can get something out of it instead of jacking it to some insta girl you'll never bang on a "bold screen"
Yeah strong Midgar vibe
Pure evil.
THE AGE OF BARCLAY IS AMONG US!

[PRAISE BE  TO OUR BENEVOLENT OVERLOAD](https://i.imgur.com/u0btMDw.gifv)
Or Stev-o from Jackass
/r/nocontext
Holy shit, that's a beautiful Twitter
Ah yes you are correct.
Yeah my ex gave me road head in medium traffic outside of Napa... It wasn't easy shifting without pulling her hair.
Oh god I remember that. Was outside a bar smoking, look up and am involuntarily streaked by 100 people going by so fast I couldn't look away quick enough.

Sigh, miss living in that crazy and strange city.
Is that the random scene where they're taken hostage momentarily by soldiers of Gondor? That never made sense to me.
Yeah pretty impressive. No one fucks with the Master Chief (his modern equivalent), not even Junior Officers because they know their shit. Navy equivalent of an Army Sgt Major.

Only higher pay grade today is E-9 Master Chief of The Navy.

Edit: made a mistake.
Herding Marines is no easy task. They tend to wander off and fornicate if not given explicit instructions.
A vexillology meme. This is indeed the dankest timeline.
In other news, snow is made of rain
Subtle
Drove through Jackson once (their capital).... Jesus Christ. It's like a large, deserted movie set of "Main Street USA"
/r/accidentalwesanderson
Weapons-grade zoomies
The man. The icon.

He and Bruce Campbell should do a sitcom about old B list actors not giving a single fuck.
[Our cat's reaction to the video](http://i.imgur.com/JyIftT8.jpg)
Have dated Argentinian girl. Can confirm she made this face both in the bed and in front of a proper cut of meat
Mr steal yo gurl
Check out Californication. Very similar subject matter, but *definitely* with consequences
*Power* bottom
Also super red giants going super nova would cause a gamma ray burst so large it could vaporize life light years away with near zero warning.
Ah yes, the Deus Ex approach.
Hello there.
She just used another mother fucker to knock out a mother fucker
He's gonna get shafted
I should move to Korea
As a male Pinterest user since beta invite with a private porn board, I wholeheartedly disagree.

Also great for keto recipes, architecture porn, and fashion (I'm shit at).
Like Jesus' wrists
Titan V is Volta architecture
Holy shit. As a scuba diver, I can't imagine that.

Hearing engine noise at sea is annoying enough (think of a small percussion instrument inside your ears), much less *being on the fuckin ship* with a broken prop. That's some Gitmo level torture.
You should watch "O" in Vegas if you ever get the chance. It's two hours of Cirque de Soli doing this on a stage made of water.
The only way. It's not goddamned peanut butter.
Naw Infinity drivers. Too stupid to buy literally any other car and probably the first time theyve driven something with more than 120bhp and RWD... It's a dangerous combo.
I think the true miracle here is a BMW driver wasn't being a complete ass.
And /r/TheExpanse
PS it's pronounced the same way as a bunch of camble's soup.

Source: have been to Cannes Film Festival
When my time comes to sit at my throne, I shall spare you first human.
As a filmmaker, I didn't realize I immulated Steve Jobs' management style. I surround myself with people more talented than me. A PA once suggested a different way to shoot a scene on set that changed the ending. I took it and I'm convinced it's why I got the film in festivals.
Could be a small town, without a lot of need to too many police. Some cops in my hometown bring their service weapons home in case their called into work when off in an emergency. That way if they're called in, they don't have it make an extra stop.
That sub is like a hyper specific XKCD solely for Keanu Reeves.
Didn't know Richard Hammond was on Reddit
Why do I find those surf girl tops *so goddamn attractive*?! 

I mean they're way less revealing than a normal bikini, yet there it is... Shit just works for me. I'm wierd I guess.
So.... Basically piss off the largest intelligence and law enforcement agencies in the world, who control how information is disiminated to the white house...

Yeah, what could go wrong?
Asimov wrote so many wonderful stories. If you haven't already, def check out his sci-fi magazine *Asimov's Science Fiction*. It's still in print today (digital) and has hosted pretty much every major sci-fi writer from Orson Scott Card to James SA Corey. I have a few vintage ones when Asimov himself regularly contributed. His short game was always on point.
This guy Asimovs
I fucking love /r/streetwear. I can never tell if they're bashing someone or praising them for their outfit... and I'm absolutely ok with not knowing which.
*engage*
Yeah in Speaker for The Dead, the sequel to EG, this is revisited. It's a major plot of the entire series.
Didn't the Aussie military use to wear sideways ones?
The most Australian man ever to Australia.
>The most beautiful pussy in the internet i saw today


Lol
/r/urbanhell
Urgh IKR? THANKS REDDIT
Fuckin got em
It's something you have to rigorously train for, and requires a great deal of prep and planning, which I enjoy.

But the real thrill, as the other Redditor mentioned, is what you can find swimming below the surface of our planet. It is definitely different than what you see in open water and it really is like being on a different planet as the things down there exist nowhere else on Earth.

It's also a lot of work to get through the caves to the cool stuff, like "pinches" which is where the cave walls are so narrow you have to literally contort yourself through as it's too tight for you+your tank. Which makes it more rewarding.

It's only as dangerous as your training. Like any high risk activity, you're specially trained repeatedly over a long period of time. For instance, my instructor (former USN Master Diver) would routinely rip our mask/regulators off without warning to simulate the real terror of it. While in a cave that had dead 0 visibility (torches don't work) due to high salinity, I got stuck in a pinch and lost my regulatory/mask. Because of my training, I was able to calmly stop myself from drowning in the dark.
Huh? 9/11 happened on Republican watch. Obama (he's black btw) ordered the deaths of more foreign military leaders than any president since WWII.

Sorry I break your snow globe where you think Republicans give a shit about anyone who makes less than $2Mn/yr.
I love those death signs.

Source: am cave diver
Woot /r/StarTrekGifs getting some love
Rainbow Six Siege has this too
That couch looks familiar...
Nope, shakeweight
Yeah, gotta give her the sploosh.
Yeah something to do with the surface temps too low in Florida for the o-rings to withstand expansion in liftoff altitude around the mother fucking 1st stage fuel tank. Seems to me you don't fuck with rocket fuel safety...
Haha I thought the article meant Family Guy will be thanking PlayStation uninterrupted for being the last sponsor for the show.
https://i.imgur.com/7drHiqr.gifv
Wasn't he in Band of Brothers?
Reese Witherspoon
Arri FTW.
*Laughs in Atlantan*
Still *too soon*
Actually not really. There's speculation of /r/StarTrek boting since the release of STD. A LOT of the randomly hostile posts against anyone genuinely questioning STDs direction come from accounts all created exactly 11mo prior to the August release.

Not saying it's the case here, but there definitely has been a big paradigm shift in the way people bash anyone asking some pretty obvious questions since STD. People disliked the last movies, sure, but they didn't get nearly as much brigading as STD "fans" give. Why I mostly stay in other ST subs...
https://i.imgur.com/JqYTmjn.gifv
Am I the only one who wants to see some goddamn UNN Marines? I was so hoping theyd show what they look like. In my own head cannon, it would've been fuckin sweet to see the UNN Marines make it to Draper's MMC team and turn to fight alongside before they all inevitably fail against the proto beast. 

A professional Marine like Draper would've instantly realized the UN team were retreating against some sort of powerful aggressor (their tech being in the same ballpark as MMC) and prob would've at least tried to combine forces at least to improve surviability of her own grunts. Both in the books and the show, it's pretty obvious she notices there's a 3rd element on the ground and they're thrashing the UN Marines, just makes sense more in my mind that way.

I know the UNMC is more outdated than the MMC, but it would be cool to see what their power mechs look like.
PS every season focuses on different stories in Baltimore. All the Polish dudes in Season 2 really threw me off the first time.
Roll Tide
Parking my Vette next to a point and laughing when their defenses try to attack me is my new favorite thing. I love watching them ping away on my 7A Prismatics, then lighting up the base with dual 4A PAs haha.
Exploracondas are best condas. 
*Tonight on Meow Busters*
/r/AccidentalAntonioni
That makes a lot more sense. I was like GODDAMN  what is that ship made out of, it barely jolted from the impact?!
/r/nocontext
It's like a museum. You can look, but you can't touch.
Misspelled fucking. Fucking imbred power douche.
My first thought as well. Nice of them to pack a lunch box for coyotes.
/r/prequalmemes

The one stop shop for top kek shitpostery
Can you see if it's cool with him if he invites the rest of /r/Powerwashingporn for a Canadian summer getaway?

That place looks awesome. Solid beer drinking and dock diving material.
I too share this pinchant
Pavlov's kitties
Naw, ENT. When T'pol tells the story of her ancestor visiting Earth in the 20th century.
*Aziz, more light!*
Cannot unhear his accent. I do have a special place in my heart for Trip.
Magnolia was the one that floored me the most. Tropic Thunder def was one of the funniest things I've ever seen on screen - I think it was just how easily he became that ridiculous role.

Jerry Macguire. Also a wonderful film.
Yeah I feel the same way. He's might be short and  bat shit crazy, but goddamn it the man can act.
IIRC the UK has recently adopted (pun very much intended) California's laws and do the same. 
Ah I see Alexa and my cat have the same programmers. Cat: it's 3:34am, better sing the song of my people. 
Fun fact: in order to make still images more interesting to view in a movie format, Ken Burns invented a technique where you blow up the still larger than the film frame, and then pan and zoom to slowly reveal all the image.

It's called the Burns Effect in post-production. 
>France and Germany public urination it's barely a *piss* in the wind

FTFY
Wow easy there Satan
Yep roommates got a tervie, he's the sweetest little fucker in the world and a giant floof ball.

He's so nice, he'll let you dress him up http://i.imgur.com/bVOj0Y1.jpg
Yeah when I finally hit 60, it felt almost cathartic. It only got harder from there when you practically got a 2nd game in endgame. 
Late to the show, but one of the secrets of a professional kitchen making food better than you do at home is using shallots. They're magical onions. 
Whats this? A remaster of vanilla?! If they got OG 40m raids, I'm coming back home baby. 
[The first frame](http://i.imgur.com/n6tqubC.jpg) looks like he's pointing at his nipple as it conquerors the people below... 
Albino black Jeep
The farts in that room...
Looks like they're on a random Class M planet set for Star Trek. 
Stellan Skarsgard. Naw, different actor, but yeah they look very similar.
Reminded me of that scene in Hunt for Red October

"You arrogant ass (Hux)... you've killed us!"

I fuckin love this. The martini really ties it all together. 
Worf was hilarious in DS9
This weirdly helps me... 
Yeah looks like that. Could be Vader right after the first DS fight. Which would explain the damage on the TIE Advanced. We're introduced to these characters in ROTE, so it looks like he's hiring them to get back at Solo. 
Of course, thoughts and prayers. 
Instructions unclear. Got a fist full of pennies and cop's dick in my mouth.
Heh TIL /u/Wil and I have the same taste in women. 
Also is the muzzle flash pink hearts? 
Just rewatched this like 30min ago. Picard giving tongue to that ensign was so awkward...
Yassss
I don't believe in any religion. But if someone told me the afterlife included lurking reddit, I'd be tempted to join...
Tatted up aussie cop... https://i.imgur.com/Knlu7ON.gifv
Also no Expanse comments, here's mine. 
This would be my foreign policy if I were president. Country gettin a bit salty? Throw an Olympic sex party.
Could this be used in space? 
Ah damn can't make a Welsh joke about sheep
>I doubt that'd hurt it, they're pretty hardy animals.

Let me guess, Welsh? 
Don't trust the B in apartment 23
My ex dumpster cat (literally found there) can lift an entire steak or chicken breast in her mouth. She regularly breaks into the dog's enclosure, steals their food and leaves the remains in plain view to send a message. Just the other night she took half of my pork roast I stupidly left on the stove... I wasn't even mad, she's got skills. 
Vi to erase smelter sammen, by Danish band Stoffer and Maskinen. Great beat, melancholic, and theme song from a good film *Copenhagen*.

Also the Russian National Anthem. Not sure why, but that's a damn good anthem. 
Yeah I knew it. Lots of my friends from Oakland have told me they remember saying it since the nineties. Not sure what that other dude was on about, I lived in SF for a long time and rarely heard someone say hella there. 
I bet that's why the SF Giants still have the orange from the Brooklyn Giants. 
Yeah pretty sure it's the opposite. Hella came from East Bay I feel like. 
My thoughts exactly. Stupid pretty beaches and nice weather swine.
/r/SanFranciso is bizarrely conservative. 99% techbros complaining about having to see homeless people and telling people to leave when they can't afford that $5000 1bd rent. 
Dont have to be a child soldier for that, just go to school in America
Also the NYC flag still has the [Dutch colors](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/ba/Flag_of_New_York_City.svg/500px-Flag_of_New_York_City.svg.png)
Dog went full helicopter
DayZ SO is the greatest example of "Alphaization" in the industry. They botched so many things along the way, but it's a good learning experience.

The biggest problem with the game is hiring a [overtly cocky] modder to lead the dev team. BIS is renowned for their maticuously crafted games, and clearly the matching between the two was a failure. Modding =/= game dev. He took a popular mod and tried to shoehorn his own code leading to rewriting the engine. The engine, VRBS, which BIS has made for the US DOD is over 10 years old and doesn't do well to amateur changes - there's a reason why Arma releases are 5 years apart.

Games like Arma turn out AMAZING mods from a dedicated community, and I can see the appeal of trying to make some money and recreate the success of CS, but it almost never works. See also: the buggy PUBG, another game based off an Arma mod. 
Yeah, they tried to rewrite code of a 10 year before of engine... Not a great idea. 
Chopped Cheese. It's a magical New York Bodega delight. 
I mean... they have the experience. Sadly. 
It's funny, I was making fun of that theme with my friend the other day because it's so easy to. It's definitely out of place from the rest of the shows, but then again so it's ENT: it's *not* a show about The Federation and their Utopia, but how they got there. So in that context, the song kinda makes sense.

Even though I'm personally not into soft rock, I found myself humming the tune on my recent watch through. I guess it really does grow on you. 
Jesus, that guy is like his own mad scientist XKCD for referencing shit he's trying to make universally better for us all.
You should x-post this to /r/EliteDangerous, I know they love these type of builds too. Great work. 
To be fair, it is a marvel of modern engineering 
Kenya should be about right? Maybe Antarctica just to be safe? 
If cats are liquid, then squirrels are paper
If scaled, they're like the size of a bus. Imagine being in that dock and looking up at that flyin towards you... 
Oh is that you Steve? How's it going buddy? Sorry about that awkward contact.
Username... checks out? 
This is now my "Paris dream fuel" too. 
When mom REALLY FUCKING LOVES daddy... 
Someone come fix their Russian bot
Also dude from Wristcutters. "Fook et all!" 
This is so awesome. I know it's totally random, but my mom and I absolutely love watching Jackie Chan movies, especially the Rush Hours. Can't wait to go to the theater again and watch another with her. 
Yeah when he saw his "brilliant" strategy fail, I really felt like they did a good job reinforcing that war isn't all he expected it to be. That being said, he did learn from his mistake.
Naw it's not as emotionally intense as Tears of The Sun or Blood Diamond, it's more like Siege of Firebase Gloria or 13 Hours. Basically its the true story of 150 Irish Army soldiers (apart of the UN) are tasked with defending an undefendable position with WWI era weapons against 3000 strong force led by professional French Legionnaire mercs.

I'd highly recommend it. It's a great example of how both disorganized and cocky the UN were in their early days. Jadotville was a turning point in their military strategies.
Someone make that Legolas gif "what do your elf eyes see", but make it "what do your Sessions' ears hear?" "Dangerous marijuana... and thousands of people saying 'douche' for some reason"
Just watched that the other night. Such a gem of a movie. 
Paramount is owned by Viacom, which is merging with CBS
Moved to NYC last year. I learned to deal with the filth of SOMA, but I can say it's nice to actually be in clean streets again.

Yeah, Brooklyn is cleaner than SF...
Can confirm: seen several people defecate in broad daylight in SF. Former San Francisco resident of SOMA in NYC. First thing I noticed when I moved here was, "wow this city is like, way cleaner than I thought." I would routinely have to avoid stepping on needles, human/dog shit (yes I can tell the difference... sadly), and dozens of homeless screaming at walls/each other/people. You get used to it, but I've been to developing countries that were cleaner.

San Francisco is **miles** away filthier than here. Even after the snow trash piles, NYC is far more effective at cleaning its streets and managing waste.
TAME THAT DRAGON FRUITY RUDY!
Or deliver troops in Arma
This is the complete opposite of that Tiger vs Croc vid
You don't? 
That makes sense because the 1701 was the first long range 5yr+ starship. The 1701-C I know was a newer design, but less familiar with. And the 1701-E was a super heavy cruiser loaded with experimental Quantum Torpedos. Also the Excelsior was originally NX-2000. It's logical these would be "Skunkworks" projects.

The 1701-D naturally was made in Utopia Planicia because it was eventually meant to replace the existing Constitution Class in service as the bulk of Starfleet heavy cruisers, and thus required Mars' larger production facilities. 
Yeah, I was just referring to the fact that ships were mostly stopped in production in San Francisco, except for the experimental NX designated ships. Seems like Starfleet wanted to play their cards close to their chest when it came to building the latest, classified ships like the NX-74205, the first sanctioned Starfleet cloaked ship. So, probably for security reasons, they constructed these vessels at Starfleet command instead of Utopia Plancia which doesnt just construct NCC ships, but civilian vessels as well.
Was lucky to snag a ticket from my sister a couple years ago (the wait is months long). Holy shitsnacks it's **fucking intense**. The curators are extremely effective at forcing the visitors to come as close to feeling what it's like to be black in America. After I left I shakingly smoked half a pack. 

They also, ingeniously, added a gourmet cafeteria at the end featuring African American cuisines from around the country. Do not avoid this, you will need that 3 course meal of soul food after you disembark from that emotional roller-coaster. 
Late to the party, but I have CA plates, which use both O and 0 in them. Naturally the NYPD parking tickets are incorrect and display the incorrect plate numbers. Since they failed to input my VIN (expect for 1) I'm not paying the tickets. Only wish I could reregister my car to CA and keep these plate numbers. Maybe I'll pay the $50 and get something like "9D013O", see if it pays itself off in the future.
Also San Francisco Fleet Yards is where the NX-01(first Starfleet USS Enterprise) was built. IIRC the SFFY wasn't used much after the creation of Utopia Planicia Fleet Yards on Mars until the Dominion Wars, when Starfleet continued the NX line with the NX-74205 (USS Defiant). Basically Starfleet's Skunkworks. 
Thought the same thing. But that's half my life. So it's not so bad. 
It looks like the thermal pressure is fragmenting space around it. The way the smoke turns into blocky squares through each shockwave... that's a lot of power. 
http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/006/077/so_good.png
I don't mean to sound crass chaps, *but goddamn* Gillian Anderson is an absolute fox... 
Me as an art major with all my engineer friends.
https://i.imgur.com/vB9B5.gifv
Not just the traitorous men, but the traitorous women, and traitorous children too. 
Wow must have been on one of the last flights. Used it last in November. 
I've only flown out of the old Marine Terminal on Delta Shuttle flights to DC. That terminal is fucking epic. Feels like a flight club and has all the old school architecture. 
Don't think this is the Navou. NZSA isn't part of The Expanse AFAIK. The real ship is self contained in a drum section, with a normal ship around it. 
"You're not getting that 3, sorry about that bro."

"You're gona miss. miss. MISS"

Haha good to know the players are thinking the same thing the fans are.
Looks a lot like the style of Daniel Dociu for The Expanse series, he must have been influenced by Harris. 

https://imgur.com/a/ty9tq#0
{-}7 *let them come*
Only took like 12 years... 
I'd love to know if there's a resolution. Currently using my GTX 950 because my Titan Black crashes Windows 10 with either new W10 or Nvidia drivers. 
New AFAIK. I got the same crash. Win 10, Titan Black, i7 3770k. Happened last month. 
Yep. I'm having it too. In fact can I PM you my discord, maybe we can compare troubleshooting.
https://i.imgur.com/Knlu7ON.gifv
That would make a literal sleeper pc. There's a bug currently that breaks the OS with the latest Nvidia drivers if you have that combination. 
Holy shit why did my brain go there? I have no idea why I thought it was a Lynx... my b.
Or just don't give anyone anything. Don't socialize and never leave home. 
Naw man Venus is only good at turning space stations into interstellar alien warp gates... 
Ohhhhhhhh I love Lynx helicopters. They're so damn majestic. 
Ghana's been sending people to the Olympics *without skeletons?!*
Omg that website is cancer in RIF browser. 
He's like his own XKCD for hypocrisy.

Edit: [aww guys thanks for gold!](https://giphy.com/gifs/excited-happy-jennifer-lawrence-6CGHnchZt4wWA)
A-WING, Outridder, and Imperial Star Destroyer, not those local bulk cruisers mind you, I'm talking about the big Correlian ships... 
Euro Truck Simulator: Nightmare Mode. 
See also the Fermi Paradox and The Drake Equation

and child soldiers
This is like learning where missing socks go. 
>* Water (Africa)

Nailed it. Savage af. 
Me trying to play ranked RS6
Aren't all rollercoasters an "infinity loop"? 
I may make less money, but I'll hopefully be closer to being able to save and have a better SOL. I do speak a bit of French, but yeah I'll def take immersion classes before I'd go.
[HERE YA GO](https://www.extremetech.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/543318-intel-core-i9-x-series-640x360.jpg) 
Fuck this man. A cop can't even get proper healthcare here (IMO his plan should be *even* better). This thread is the straw that broke the camel's back. I'm /r/IWantOut to Europe as soon as I can get a work visa to do so.

I know it's not perfect, but it's sure as hell better. Smaller talent pool for my field, better social programs, and less general fuckery in government ATM. Right now, I have a Masters in my field, live in the 2nd largest market for my work, and still have to barely get by with freelance gigs and retail work. My student loans and the prospect of shit insurance **IF** I'm lucky to get employed is just too much for me. Time to roll the dice.

Not sure which country I should go to. I know France's President offered Americans to come there, but I need to brush up on my French first. Maybe Ireland, thoughts?
NICE I live in the Caribbean part of Brooklyn, was a pleasant surprise to see Ting on market shelves. Haven't seen it since I lived in PR.
[BARELY LEGAL](https://www.bhphotovideo.com/images/images2500x2500/asus_maximus_x_hero_wi_fi_ac_republic_of_gamers_maximus_1364715.jpg), [GROUP PLAY](https://asset.msi.com/event/mb/2017/best200series/images/top.png), AND [VINTAGE](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/dd/MicroATX_Motherboard_with_AMD_Athlon_Processor_2_Digon3.jpg/220px-MicroATX_Motherboard_with_AMD_Athlon_Processor_2_Digon3.jpg)
DOET! 
OMG thanks for reminding me! Ahh another year, another upvote. Hears to 2018 being full of dank memes and cool TILs.
We do not grant you the title of Master 
As a former Californian living in New York, I share your pain. The last one I had leaving through LA was a teary, bitter goodbye. 
Gotta pay the troll toll if you wanna get in that boy's hole.
GODS I WAS HORNY THEN
Yep.
Yeah there's a reason why NASA launch sites are in remote, coastlined areas/military bases and why SpaceX uses droneships for recovery of 1st stages.

Imagine if FH failed over a populated area... 
C O M F Y B O Y E
They were also among the first scientists and researchers back in OG times. Makes sense when you see Pope Francis' acts on traditionally taboo subjects for the Catholic Church (divorce, LGBT, climate change, washing that prostitute's feet) 
I am a simple man. I see Russian snowy dash cam footage, I upvote. 
My thoughts exactly. A light chuckle is golf's version of /r/instantbarbarians
Speak for yourself
Rur rum Rur rum Rur rum BERRRR dudadum dudadum
110 dogs and 1 cat go to Oregon... sounds like the plot to Homeward Bound 3
Babou! He remembers me! 
They should give it a little camo uniform and make it a Commander. So everytime it autonomously enters a room, ya get to say Commander Roomba on deck! 
Yeah 700 Roombas is like 3 F/A-18s. 
Could be a GLI. 3d GTI's speedo goes to 180 not 160 (not sure about 5d), GLI's is 160. They're practically identical cars in a lot of ways, so I can't be 100% sure, but only drive stick so can't speak for the differences on paddles. Def Mk6 though.

Source: own Mk6 GLI
I think you answered your own question.
Pretty sure that would make /r/powerwashingporn orgasm.
/r/shubreddit leaking again...
I ENJOY THESE COOKING VIDEOS. I BET THOSE MAKE WONDERFUL ~~OIL-BASED LUBRICAT SUBSTANCES~~ BROTH.
And so it begins. CBS All Access is consolidating the series. Get the BD movies box set. It's like $30 for all TOS/TNG movies. 
I'm detecting a pattern... of awesomeness. 
>I got 1,219! Hmmmmm

Well yeah, you need 1 drone to film the drones. 

Go home dad. 
Soup, FOREVER UNCLEAN! 
Wow. Yep. Haha small world. 
Yeah that's what I mean. The spore drive is an FTL jump drive, whereas warp is just a factor of c. Warp isn't *slow*, but the spore drive is instintanious. Which doesn't exist in Star Trek even up to DS9 era (100+ years later).

And honestly that's kinda my biggest problem with the show. They want to make a prequel because they sell better, but shoehorn tech that would be perfectly fine in a sequel. I not saying the ship has to have nobs and tube TVs like TOS but you can't put something like the spore drive in. It basically nullifies the entire series of Voyager. 
I heard they had some explanation of the Kelvin Klingon looks? Also are they still FTLing across space? That eventually has to be explained why 1701-A, the flagship of Starfleet, doesn't have that tech 10-20 years later... 
Thank you. I can deal with. Misplaced comma or forgotten period, but who the fuck double spaces mid sentence like that?! You actually *have do more work and try to force it*....

Edit: bahaha autocorrect added a random period. I'm keeping it. 
This guy DS9's
ABSOLUTELY NO BOOGIE BOARDING
American. Can confirm. Never saw this ad until I was in France, where it's *fuckin everywhere*
>In fact, I could see him using his powers one day to turn our own military against "liberal" territories and sanctuary cities in the US.  He can never be trusted.



Naw Posse Comitatus prevents that luckily. If he gave that order and actually wanted to deploy troops (outside of USNG), it's a safe bet either congress/SOTUS (even Republicans) would strike it down or the military would disregard the orders to some degree. If not overthrow him outright per The Declaration of Independence. No one wants another civil war. 
Bahaha hilarious. You a big gun enthusiast by chance? One of the guys there was really cool and did some competive shooting. 
From 0 to Ozzy in 5sec
Jesus Christ that ad had more cuts than a Jason Bourne fight scene.
Modded and A2 sure, but not A3
I will make it legal. 
ARMA doesn't even bother implementing them. They'd be completely useless in a combined ops mission on every map in that game. Unless you caged a city with infantry only, you'd probably never get a chance to shoot one. 
Subs are fine. You're paying for constant updates and access to content that takes a lot man power to generate and hours for players to master. Nothing wrong with that.

Also it's an accountability metric. Make shit updates, lose subs. Sadly had to do that for SWTOR after 2 years of no new endgame PVE. 
/r/nocontext
Heh you have my old job (kinda). Worked for GTRI filming some of their coned courses through GTPE. Always wanted to work on the university side because you get to see wayyyyy cooler stuff like this in their labs, instead of boring lectures. That school does some crazy high end shit, no wonder they call it the "5-6 year program" for just a BS.
Yeah my roommates are getting their pup SAR certified and it's like 3-4x training a week off in the woods. 
Also one called Ting. It's fuckin great.
Non medical companies do the same. Apple and Dell both use the same Panasonic panels. 
Also Trader Joe's (owned by Aldi), sometimes even better.
This. Especially booze. The Beefeater clone is literally in the same bottle.

Also some of their wines are actually from small Vinyards that wouldn't normally get such large distribution on their own. They hire wine experts to travel and discover them. 
Def forgot hes from a shithole country, but ehh I dunno with it being a co-venture of NASA and SpaceX is an American company, I can kinda see how one would say "American ingenuity".

That being said, it should really be "human ingenuity" as it probably is more aligned with Musk's vision of space expansion.
The speaker configuration though... wtf is that a 1.2 offset to the left? Also that fancy, chrome receiver shouldnt be on the floor...

And that Union Jack chair is tacky af.
Naw it was on a Helly Hanson jacket.
Saw some deer do this in the San Francisco Bay. Blew my mind. The currents there are really strong. 
I hear you win a trip to a labor camp if you scratch off North Korea.
umm... what?
I for one support helping others improve their health.
>Have you never in your life heard of trophy hunting?

Yep. Addressed that above.

>because culling is killing off members of animal groups that cause problems for the group... like local overpopulation.

Exactly. Is there a lion overpopulation issue? No. Now, a rancher killing a lion preying on his stock, that's an exception and legal in SA.

>And I am, beyond a shadow of a doubt, certain conservation officers have hunters kill the biggest, oldest members of animal groups because (I know the whole alpha, beta, ect systems false but) essentially they grow into alpha males, and claim every female as their own, not letting the young healthy animals breed, which severely fucks the overall group health by making inbreeding all the more common.

Ok well show me evidence to that fact, because I've yet to have ever hear anything like that.
https://i.imgur.com/hLT8GDz.gifv
Progressive gun lover and hunter here from the South. You have no idea what you're on about. I'm neither happy the human or lion died - although its ironic these ~~big hunters~~ amateurs really would do something as stupid as potentially being in line of sight of each other with live munitions. As a hunter, you only hunt for 2 reasons: culling a population, and/or to eat. Hunting a "soft caged" animal for trophies gives the rest of us a bad name.

First off, no idea where you got the info on "old, forced out" stock, but nature has its own way of taking care of that. The money spent on this is large, and having been to several developing countries, I can assure you very little if none of it's going to conservation.

Finally, "canned" lion hunting is illegal in South Africa. So no matter how much you project your insecurities, it shouldn't be done. There's no grey area, period.
>AMD issued a statement last week that they are upping production.

If this brings down prices, I might be going AMD for the first time ever. 
My cat does this to little bits of string.
Firm grip.
When Commander LaForge finally gets a date.
I too watch West Wing.
Some say he's a big fan of Bowie.
Hoping to see the Core landing pics. Apparently it smashed into the drone ship at ~300mph.
Gotta get da red curry on Ceres, sasa? No one make it like da Beltas.
I wonder if that's just employment funds. IE paying the PR/marketing in house people. Maybe payments for reviews, if thats how that works.

What OP meant is, Tesla doesn't spend $ on ads, because they do not make any.
My thought too. Is it some sort of experimental Mars EVA suit?
Wombats too. Had to kill a rabid one that escaped its enclosure once. That high pitch scream occasionally haunts me. 
This exact thing happened to me as well. By chance, was he from Alabama, but went to school in a different state?
I've seen these in person. They are profoundly beautiful, no photo does them justice. Blows my mind the Japanese people would be so generous in not just donating such a priceless piece of their cultural heritage, but give it to the very transgressors that nearly destroyed it. It's a powerful sentiment to how noble their society is, we should be lucky to call them our allies.

Also, the entire National Arboretum is the most underrated park in DC.

http://tcl.efront-flare.com.au/cms_images/217_09-01-2017_4944.jpg
Just proves Satan exists.
"Like a Jackson Pollock painting..." 
That logo tho... subtle.
>She was also in Playboy.

https://i.imgur.com/hLT8GDz.gifv
How full is your storage on ya phone?
More like Zero: Horizon amirite? Guys...? 
Would love to see her Pooja Gupta. 

*If you know what I mean...*


Maybe bitrate was too high for your connection? Their HQ rate is huge. 
Google Music. iTunes size library, syncs to YT music videos, and free YT Red. Got an early adoptor rate from my Nexus 6, only pay $6.99/mo

Oh and you can edit playlists any goddamn way you please.

Oh and you can upload up to 50,000 of your own tracks to stream for free. 
This fuckin guy. Genuinely laughed out loud. 
Reminds me of that Top Gear episode.

*A symphony in beige*
Fuckin gotem.

Too be fair, she's [really attractive](https://cdn-02.independent.ie/incoming/article36084768.ece/d73d2/AUTOCROP/w620/840660002.jpg) and the French president marrying his grade school teacher is like *weapons-grade the most French thing you can do.*
Fuckin /r/FloridaMan man
GA Tech fan myself, I'm right there with ya. 
Man, I gotta rewatch Behind Enemy Lines again. How LT Burnett survived that ordeal is beyond me.

My grandfather was shot down in Japan and managed to swim to safety. Crazy shit.
Yeah I love college football and I'm not that big of a football guy myself. I love the wild, unpredictably of it. 
/r/SanFranciso too. Basically all young techbros who are like, "oh you don't have 1.5mn? Why are you here?" and downvote anything complaining about the CoL in SF. Also bizarrely conservative comments considering the city... 
Damn. Dude survived a plane crash, landed in enemy territory and fought them probably with just a sidearm.

Pretty fuckin Russian way to die. 
Only two things trucks don't deliver: sunshine and babies.
Heh watching "Holow Pursuits" (TNG) right now. You may be on to something. 
My rig is in the shop, feel ya man. 
Is it me or does this look not so abandoned... Just looks like the owner isn't home.

That red thermos (jar?) looks much more modern than that place. 
Even that board looks like they got an actual mouse to make it fit inside the casing. 
I'm not surprised, horses can't drive.
Headphones *forever unclean!*
Except Nazis. They can go fuck right off. 
*These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise...*
Thanks running first pass now. If it's not the memory sticks, gonna have to take it in to a repair shop. 
Damn HQG... Stop making me think with my emotions and stuff 
Risky click
Incorrect. The PT Cruiser with wood paneling is the one you seek. 
Came for this reference, wasn't disappointed. One of the best Billy Crystal rants ever. 
dB is more accurate measure than percentages because it's the actual output of sound pressure.

It's negative because 0dB is the maximum optimum output for the signal, you can go over it (~+5dB) but it may lead to distortion. Since you can't go over 100%, it's more accurate to use the dB system as well. Furthermore, .5 increments are just more precise adjustment than 2 or 5%.

For my setup, I typically play movies at "full sound" around -12 to - 18dB. Anything past that and I risk shaking my neighbors. 
Until ya get a decent receiver, then it's .5dB increments. 
Tampon? 
*of course he had a longboard*
*shits pants*
Or the NSA. They'll just bulk transfer your assets to terrorist groups and child porn rings. Then replace the money with cartel money. That way you either get picked up on various federal offenses, or a cartel hitman pays you a surprise inspection of your cranium. Either way, win-win. And they're you'll be completely oblivious.
You must let the hate *flow through you*. Embrace it and enjoy the pettiness of humanity that is Trump supporters. 
Minimal af. Gotta be Scandinavian. Prob Stockholm or Copenhagen judging by its size.
LEGO also removed all sets with oil in them, not wanting to promote the consumption of natural resources. 
Damn that's pretty good. I like how Earth and Mars share equal halves and how the "E" mimics the "M" further illustrating their shared interests.

Maybe add the color gradients of the MCRN to the right meeting a similar scheme on the left fading from white to blue (signifying air [white], Luna [Grey] and Earth [Blue]), where at the center the blue and red touch? I love the MCRN Crest soo much, it would be a shame to lose it. 
Don't think is a spoiler? 
Looks very similar to the pallet of the MCRN Crest. Damn their uniforms are *crisp*. 

https://i.imgur.com/U6hfBeY.png
Ah nevermind then 
It's a Tundra. I believe is the same model as the Hilux, which literally survives building implosions, war zones, and volcanos. 
Everyone in /r/HomeTheater just simultaneously ejaculated. 
Sweet Star Wars LEGO set. 
Heh you said you like balls.
Gotta love a country's sub with a shitpost thread. 
Yeah rugby sounds pretty dope. Should try to find a match near me to watch sometime. 
TIL if you piss off your Russian girlfriend, don't run. You'll just die tired.
Something I dream of my friend. 
The urethra is like a carburetor, it doesn't like to have anything inside it. So after you nut, a few of your lone wolf boys hang out in there. That's why when you piss in such a circumstance, it feels like your dick is storming the beach of Normandy, because it's flushing all those dead soldiers out. 
Jesus Christ someone ping /u/Bingbong1234 poor guy doesn't even know. 
You're like a Reddit Sherlock. 
That's not slapping. I'd swear that's the sound of a magazine being loaded. 
I'd take ghosts over schizophrenia any day. 
I too miss that show and the Beek. 
Pretty good track.
Does it snow often in Tokyo? 
This seriously could be our future. Imagine living in your turn of the century Paris flat. You can retrofit one of these over your art nuevo furniture so you can leave the aesthetics relatively untouched and still have a modern OLED TV.

Also, great username. 
Orgasms and huge dumps. 
Me_IRL
If I still got rejections via mail, I'd be contributing to the deforestation of the Amazon.
Love actually is all around. 
Wow it's odd to see a stray Les Mis reference in the wild. 
We got a big, fluffy [Belgian Tervuren](http://i.imgur.com/bVOj0Y1.jpg) who crushes it in the snow. The even bigger Corso with short hair like a pit, can't be handle it for a minute. 
Dolphins do play. Went diving with a marine biologists and a wild pod. They even have scheduled play time. 
Stopped after episode 6, because poor writing. Do they still FTL jump and have they tried addressing why klingons look different from TOS/TNG? 
In DF2, a Grey Jedi survived on Kashyyk
Dude's got a great voice. 
Can confirm am 30 and do not like that app. Too much vanity for me. But this post... is a pretty awesome gem. 
Most accurate thing ever said. 
I know right?! If you love space welding, then you'll love The Expanse series too. 
My parent's cat does this. Then he'll try to climb on your shoulder and sit their like a bird. He's a stange fluffball. 
Original Trump picture source: https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/7ta4wd/our_president_as_a_young_man/dtb2z5y
I'm sure you've seen it, but Tropa de Elite is one of the best action movies ever made. It's about BOPE. 
And Artemis. 
My sister is a tropical ecologist, and yeah she calls em "tropical rainforests". 
Also the new one in Rainbow Six Seige
Never has "besmirch" and "asshole play" been used in the same sentence either. 
Heh cool, my dad taught me this. Still do it today. 
I get my vape juice and car washed there
He's coming. He's coming...
All I can say is I smoked 1.5 packs/day before I tried 12mg and I haven't looked back. Apparently 12mg is a lot, since I burn it at 180w I probably consume *more* nicotine than I did smoking. But nicotine isn't what gives you cancer, in fact it's less harmful then caffeine. 
Is there a way to watch this battle in game safely? 
Shit thanks man. 
Just get a well built drip or tank. Smok sells a lot of great box mods. I vape 12mg, 2 years no cigs, and I breath normal. 
Looks like a USB port
Only Trump's administration can make Lindsey Graham sound sensible and sane. To be fair, I do completely respect the man for his unwavering criticism of his own party leader.
Ted Cruz for human president. 
Just not to Ivanka's bedroom... 
https://i.imgur.com/5kPB93k.jpg
Yeah that was my thought, "meh the dude's holding his own pretty decently." Could've handled the tide better, but to be fair, I doubt the wave machine was rated to properly throw 310lbs aside like anyone else who would've dropped. 
Really can't wait for Jack Ryan their 10s teasers are some of the best I've ever seen
Basically Bradley Cooper sans traditional acting school
This guy Expanses. 
Belters don't fuck around. 
Just add checkboxs for Hulu, APV, and HBO Go and this thing is golden. 
Flashdance? 
Oven baked warm
Jason Bourne, it's Jesus Christ!
She was so damn good in that episode. Really highlighted her dynamic range. 
https://i.imgur.com/A356jiI.gifv
Derp. Wish I could blame autocorrect, but I actually thought it was spelled that way. 
>Denaturalize him, arrest him, and extradite him to Hungary.

Naw he's white. 


Never tried that persay, but if you have the requisites then I don't see an issue with it. It's just like any other job, might as well do film stuff to pay the bills. Here in NYC, there's a lot of work in advertising and fashion production, which is the route I took. 
Work in post production. Helps me to be around other creatives to inspire me to write. Also, still in a part of film I enjoy. 
Yeah it's an old military fort, there also used to be huge ~9" artillery all over for coastline defense. Lots of them in SFBA. 
Logitech bought them primarily for their Saitek ownership. 
I live in Brooklyn and I thought it was a green hand. Shows how little we actually look at the pedestrian light, I definitely look at the traffic light. 
It has a lot of fizz... Honestly think it was Apple juice 
Most of the laps look slow because of the lap... But damn he made this one look fast 
"If you're turning over for High Castle..." classic TG reference. As a fan of both Amazon shows, I laughed my ass off.
Yeah I figured it was reference to the Pokmon. The one with all the tails right? They're so adorable 
To some it is... 
Yeah I was like, damn this shot of a phone looks so good I didn't even ask "why am I watching a video of a video!?" 
I gotta watch more Chinese comedy... 
Thanks. I'm creative when I'm drunk. Pixies are rad. 
Indeed, I imagine alot of us will come to this later. 
Heh, "bummed"

Don't worry, I got you fam [NSFW] https://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=ph593bb7ee6bada
[As a New Yorker](https://i.imgur.com/C9rmAdL.gifv)
Is the FCC Chairman seriously holding *a fucking fidget spinner?!* 
Idiocracy is looking more and more like a documentary every day.
Sounds like marriage.
Hot Fuzz 
Vinegar strokes
[Joey did get laid a lot](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/bb/45/42/bb454209fee64071a98288d29f5157ce.jpg) 
Aziz, light! 
Well I do love baguettes.
This, "shitholegate", and the immigration shit... France is looking more and more appealing.
This... might work.
What does the fox say?

Thanks.
Heh I said pretty much the same thing in the original thread.

https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/7q67a1/z/dsmyt96

It actually would be a lot of fireworks as the Navy's and Air Force's countermeasures launched several hundred inteceptor missles.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aegis_Ballistic_Missile_Defense_System
This guy Expanses. 
Goddamn if Trump supporters don't inch me closer everyday to seeing eugenics as not such a bad idea afterall. 
Don't do anything to get burst fire shutters baned. 
I'd probably do the same. Crack open that 20yr Glenfiditch and just enjoy the AEGIS fireworks. 
Honestly, unless you find an actual fallout shelter, there's probably little to nothing people can do to protect themselves on islands like Hawaii's. If the impact detonation or flooding doesn't get you, the fallout most likely will. And if it's a Thermonuclear Bomb, then there's a pretty solid chance no one will survive even the initial blast. 
Well, hopefully not literally. 
Another in a long list of reasons why I'll prob just rent for life. Fuck trying to be forced into what others think you should do with your life.
Can someone else take him? Us New Yorkers don't want him back either. 
The way they describe the view of the ring in NG (no spoilers) lends me to think the opening is pretty wide, so two ships could probably fit in it pretty easily.

If they literally crashed inside the gate, the ships would do what they normally do. Except parts of each would be in the Ring and Sol. 
It's so damn good. Classic Disney films transcend all barriers. 
What can I say... except youre welcome!

(I'm a 30 year old with no kids. No regrets.)
I mean, he did compose the entire musical part of Moana. Honestly, it's more fascinating to hear Dwayne Johnson sing it as he's had, AFAIK, zero background in singing and because he adds Maui's character so well in the song. 
I'm less concerned with violence in DSC than the crews *confrontational aditude* towards each other. It reeks of comic book style of "let's just fight for the sake of it" (ala MCU). Which, lMO, really misses the whole point of Starfleet and Star Trek.

Tension between crewmembers is one thing, but outright discent and "squaring off" is something I'd think would get your ass court martialed. After all Starfleet is loosely based off Roddenberrys service in the Army Air Force. 
Haha thanks. Thought I was going crazy for a sec
Can't seem to find it in their game store... where do we claim this?
I can just hear Clarkson say, "Yiss, but look at eet!" 
Viral Video Film School! 
I played it the other day. It's really beautiful, but I dont know if I'm older or if the game changed. I just feels... off. I love the OG UT and UT2k4's insanity, this one feels a bit more restrained if thats possible haa.
It's honestly one of the best Bond films. I go FRWL>Goldfinger>Casino Royale>Dr No>OHMSS>Goldeneye

Also Moonraker wins the award for Strangest Bond Movie, well besides maybe from the disavowed original Casino Royale... 
First time I hit a [10] my friend graciously introduced me to MXC (which bizarrely aired continously on local Bay Area TV) and just let me fade into it. Needless to say, it was a trandformative experience. 
This guy. 
Also Tolkien's writing wasn't religious like Lewis'. 
Adobe Creative Suite? 
www.callofduty.com
I stupidly reread that SAR Officer's /r/NoSleep post and the hunter's story of the meat man definitely kept me up a few extra hours....
Omg that video is a legend. So much better with sound.

https://youtu.be/VBXKoZQwvDE
Apparently orangutans and snow don't go well together. 
There's something about that picture... The mass production of an icon against such things. Im not saying irony... but it's something. 
It is known. 
I thought it was pretty funny. 
What? Something happen?
Damn I think I'm even more lucky, I don't know how I'd cope with speech impediment. For the most part, the only noticible symptoms are retelling the same stories or jokes. Internally, I do struggle trying to manage tasks, which I typically manage well with higher order stuff (work, etc) but I do occasionally double clean things like laundry or vacuuming. Lists definitely help.

The worst is when things become kinda fuzzy. I cant tell you what I ate the previous night or what time I woke up. Which can be annoying and dangerous. Luckily my longterm memory is fine, so if something is done enough times or put to muscle memory, I'm totally fine.

The best example of that is in my work (post production film). I have to double and triple check new footage imported (super basic process to anyone else), but I can tell you verbatim how to do complex tasks like match framing, proxy linking, the hiarchy of timelines, and every codec's optimized bitrates and their appropriate application - things some seasoned editors have to lookup.

Oh and I also spend an inordinate amount of time looking for my keys and wallet if I clumsily forget to put them in their home. Everything has "a home" at my house, if things stay static, I can't forget its location (muscle memory) - one benefit of shit memory is organizational skills. Silver lining I guess haha. 
Hahaha you legit got me to check my post history for a sec before it dawned on me.

[Well played, sir](https://i.imgur.com/kmQeK.gifv) 
Pooping fast while at a new girl's apartment. 
Negative. I am a meat popsicle. 
Can confirm. Got jumped in high school, hit my temple on a bolted down table and have permanent brain damage. Luckily years of therapy and a quick ride to the hospital only left me with partial memory loss and not so great cognitive processing. 
LAPD apparently. 
What startles me is it he was a KGB/FSB General, surely he must still have allies deep inside... even if the FSB killed him. I wonder if there will be any pissed off agents who turn and testify to the CIA/FBI in the Trump investigation.
It exists, it's called *Californication*
Saw one sell at an auction for like $400K
I'd suggest From Russia With Love, Doctor No, Goldfinger, Casino Royale, Thunderball, On Her Majesty's Secret Service, Goldeneye, Skyfall. To start. There's a few other good ones in between those, but a lot of them deal with the secret order that the villains in these films were apart of.
What is this, a crossover episode?! 
9D World of Warcraft
Saw it from the splash zone. Legit blew my mind. 
https://media.giphy.com/media/11kgg96a8xyn0A/giphy.gif
Ohhhhhhhh damn, I forgot about that episode. Whelp time for TNG rewatch #145. 
/r/EvenWithContext
https://i.imgur.com/cMfkFGP.gifv
Haha this was my first coop mission, after playing a bit of solo. I loved it. Had me blind firing several times as we approached the final standoff part, just like the movie. My team formed a star pattern around the ammo chest and on comms we were like "look for his tell-tale shimmer" and making the clicking noises. 

Only took us two tries to get the mechanics right: break LOS on lasers, shoot him often in stealth, and dodge his drone attacks. It was a really fun intro to coop and really felt like I was fighting the Predator. Probably helped I had a great team I randomly joined. 
We never see footware in Star Trek unless they have strange looking feet. 
Yeah the actor really hated the role because of the misrepresentation of Native American culture. 
Hey Admiral o7, nice to see you spreading the good word outside of /r/StarTrekGifs! 
Please state the nature of your medical emergency. 
A surprise for sure, but a welcome one. 
Haha that dog is like come on man... at least don't *parade* the yum strips in front of me.
and Revan.
What an aptly named product. 
As you should in a manual too.. 
Just got home from the holidays where I drove my parent's automatic. Spent a solid 5 min looking for the foot release ebrake in my own manual car... I genuinely thought something was wrong and it flipped up or something. I even got out and looked for it in the footwell. 

Looking over to my handbrake, I've used a hundred times, staring back up at me was both reassuring and a massive derp moment. And it's not even an inconspicuous handbrake either, it has bright red leather stitching in it!
Serious question: can a sitting president sue a citizen? I thought there was some law that prevented normal people from sueing a president (to prevent abuse of sueing), figured it probably works the other way around.
Damn it, well played.
3/5^ths less equal to be specific. 
Time to make a new hole!
Fav: Hoth, Tatooine. Really gives you scale of the game's potential. Alderaan was cool because it's never been seen before. If Courscant felt a little less "on rails", I'd have put it up there. 

Dislike: Taris. Sure we get some nice throwbacks to KOTOR, but the missions and map felt a little mushy.

Planets I always forget exist: Balmora, Illum (miss dat world pvp), and, well Taris. 
To be fair, Texas is so large, at a certain point you just go, "Fuck it... just call it Paris, Texas."
o7 fly safe
Put.. Put your dick in it. 
And red
Hopefully he got them off. 
N
Haha he's like ["Yep, everything's in ship shape condition. Good show boys."](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/14/Nils_Olav_inspects_the_Kings_Guard_of_Norway_after_being_bestowed_with_a_knighthood_at_Edinburgh_Zoo_in_Scotland.jpg/1280px-Nils_Olav_inspects_the_Kings_Guard_of_Norway_after_being_bestowed_with_a_knighthood_at_Edinburgh_Zoo_in_Scotland.jpg) 
NaCl
Years of working in cinematography. Longer lenses will compress subjects, whereas this subject seems close to a 1:1 scale, or ~25mm
Yep. This is definitely around 25-35mm shot. The camera op was practically standing next to the guy. 
Behavior.. See exhibit A) /r/The_Donald. Cute try though.
[T_D's lovingly ignorant comments on said video](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/7mj2ug/president_trump_speaks_to_firefighters_in_florida) 
Roll Tide
It's treason then. 
This is a fucking MASTERPIECE 
Good God, that anvil of a chin...
Hello there
Someone give me a DeLorean and I'll go 88mph and find out
Ah so they moved a few blocks, glad they're still around. They have insanely talented artists. Love your piece. 
Got my last tattoo there a few years ago. I'm not surprised you came all the way from Texas, it's such a great shop. They used to be on my block, but I thought they closed? Or did they just move?

You go to their place on Langton St? 
Yeah that dudes gonna make a killing or eat for a week
That's strange because "faux" is a word in common usage in American English. 
Or just happenstance? 
Humans. 
The various stages of your beard to highlight the passage of time was a nice touch. 
Scienced. 
Not to sound like a dick, but does anyone else think it's kinda shitty [she plugged her own clothing line](https://www.twitter.com/RialesMBobette) right after the large traffic from her accusation?

I mean if it's true (not doubting it), at best she's using the claim to leverage sales... 
Aww. You're so cute little snowflake. 
"urgh we should recolonize..." 
Came for the MXC references. Left satisfied. 
Haha this sadly sounds both like something they'd say and like a /r/subredditsimulator comment... 
So basically we just get ads that are relavent, *real* and useful? Excellent. I may actually start clicking on ads now. Currently, the ones I do click are occasional Reddit ones. Their system seems to work to some degree, for me anyway.
WHAT?! How?! I mean how fucking delusional do you *have* to be?! There's fuckin terrifying video evidence of it.
But I mean it did out run an F/A-18, only a handful of craft can do that. None of which can  loiter 50ft above the deck and then just jet off.

I'm inclined to believe it's either US or RFN showing off some new super sonic drone myself, but it's understandable why a fighter pilot would react that way. 
Omg... Is that where the band name came from? I feel so stupid right now. 
So umm are we gonna talk about the Navy pilot who said he saw a craft "not of the Earth"? 
Well that's just going to help widen the disparity between those states and the ones who already are, more than likely, prospering more. 
Only the millionaire kids got those
Looks like El Cajon, California. Could be wrong. Also I'm straight, but that cop: muy fuego que no? 
As a New Yorker it was painfully accurate to watch Hammond struggle to navigate the MTA's dungeon that is the subway when you're evenly slightly encumbered.

Also May's relentless ambivalence towards Hammond's disability makes him an official New Yorker in my book. "Can't stop past a finish line? Go fuck yourself." Pure fucking New York.

Also Hammond: you always wanted to be an American. After TSA gives you a handy, you're officially part of the team. Welcome to Freedom
/r/combinedgifs
**TIME TO MAKE A NEW HOLE**
/r/Rainbow6 is leaking... 

Also, Praise be our one true Lord
Ah yes, I believe I teleconferenced that meeting. That's the one where Richard Pounder was also in attendance correct? 
SF Muni? 
Also Tarantula Hawks... 
I feel like the bull is like... Hmm fair enough human. You win this round. 
Isn't this more civil engineering/city planning than architecture? 
There's a place halfway up to double check your grip of the bags. 
A master and apprentice. No more, no less. 
As a kid, Prodigy was the only consumer ISP. 
World's worst orgy ever. 
Haha what about that picture for Gallowboob mode, where you can insta crosspost to all default subs? 
Good bot. 
/r/nocontext
It actually looks pretty clean, no trash. Just a bunch of people doing laundry. 
Goddamnit no thread is safe
Naw stuffing peppers in it helps marinate the meat. 
Can we get one where Linux and Apple ride down the mountainside as Gandolf? 
/r/nocontext
Force Skype haha
Yeah, it was a lot to process. 
The truth is out there. 
That was such a badass maneuver. Looks like the Picard Manuever, but more suicidey
Not my beer! 
So... am I the only one who needs to watch this again?!
FCC = For Comcast's Cum
No one gonna mention the Titan V casually sitting on the desk?
This /r/cyberpunk post feels more accurate now https://i.imgur.com/xYmd96o.png
Haha read that in Billy Crystal's voice. What a fantastic man. 
Holy shit yes. 
Literally /r/murderedbywords
Goddamnit, you evil bastard, well done. 
MEMBER DA CANT! 
The Expanse novels do a pretty good job describing the difference between space born humans and "inners" born on Earth and Mars. They might as well be a different species, many are over 7ft tall, lanky, and have to take a ton of meds to countermeasure living in space. 
/r/thisismylifenow
The audio... In a GIF. We've come full circle. Scared the hell out of me. 
He also did Golden Gate Park in San Francisco, which looks similar in layout to Central Park. He preferred it because SF government let him hideaway the statues and monuments within the trees, making the park more focused on nature.
By several rounds, surely you mean half as season of television 
Our species will more than likely become extinct in a couple of generations.

Our *only* chance of survival is becoming an interplanetary species before that time comes.  Also see: The Fermi Paradox and the Drake Equation.
And some mics like the Shure SM48 was literally designed to be thrashed around by musicians. 
I just finished watching Episode I in preparation for Episode VIII. After seeing him pumble Maul for killing his master (and remembing him absolutely devistating Anakin in III), I  literally said a loud, "Don't EVER piss off Obi-Wan." He's a berserker style fighter: someone who uses overwhelming force in a fast, unrelenting assault to make an opponent submit. And it's something rare in a Jedi, because they're usually more reserved, using their enemy's power against them. We also see this display of furious, blindly fast retaliation in IV when, almost unprovoked, he cuts off the arm of a dude starting a bar fight.

But no one alive can display the utter brilliance that is the civilized warrior of Obi-Wan Kenobi as well as Ewan McGregor. I could be biased though... 
Get high on that SR-71. Ps if that's not already one, it's a solid name for a strain. 
The South actually, but not far off. 
US is chest cams of cops killing unarmed people. 
Yeah I'm like, why does he have a sidearm? Cus America, that's why. 
Ah yes, the Vikki Mendoza diagonal. 
Same with me. 30 in Brooklyn for 5mo. Went outside like 20x yesterday haha. 
The guy filming that *isn't* in the cage...
Damn, nicely done. Read like it was straight out of a James SA Corey book. 
Fuck yeah, LM Skunkworks makes the best shit! 
Being that it's Reserves unit, could it be they the US government actually gives a shred of a damn about antiquities? 

Look, if we wanted to cement ourselves as the moral authority we claim to be, what better way than to use our most volunteer of  volunteer soliders (Reservist) towards recovering humanity's most precious artifacts? If this truly is the case, then I have a whole new level of profound respect for the US armed forces... 
I agree with you that the majority of Star Trek series needed to "find its legs" after the first season. TNG probably being the prime example (with S3 bringing back Gates McFadden). Knowing that, I gave DSC a healthy, wide berth: I told myself I'd withhold judgment until after S1, but it you note my comment history, I just couldn't. The simple fact is that while a lot of Trek had rough takeoffs, DSC really only paves its way towards disaster on various levels. Not least of which is a quality of writing that would fail you out of any film or creative writing program. 

But I'll say it here and now as both a professional filmmaker and a cynic of Seth MacFarlane: The Orville *will* have more seasons than Star Trek Discovery. And it's because of writing.    
True. I'm thinking through the optics of someone who lived in Denmark, not visiting for a week. 
So the USCG is one big reserves branch? I always thought they were an independent, military police force. 

In times of war, as a domestic coastal police force, how do they avoid Posse Comitatus? Interestingly, the only modern story that could involve that question: "The Last Ship" never answered that question. I guess it makes sense, it's about the USN, but I think if shit really hit the fan *that* badly, the USCG would be one of the first responders.    

On a technical level, I get that the USN would assume command of the USCG in that their typically more seasoned commanders, but USCG officers go to school in Connecticut, not Annapolis like their USN/USMC cousins... 
*looks up*

Yeah fuck this.

*Continues to read* **Persepolis Rising** *in vein hope for our species' future*   
The US military has missions to find lost artifacts from war? What branch/division does this? Sounds like their modern day tomb raiders...  

E: read the article. 812th Military Police Company of the US Army Reserves did it.     
I get my porn there too!
PIN Number
Copenhagen is an AWESOME city. So much great food (hope you like sea food), and happy people. Also LEGO Land is still the only theme park I think about going to as an adult.
Also VGA isn't HDCP compliant right? 
https://i.imgur.com/vB9B5.gifv
Remember when Russia beat the Nazis by outlasting them in their hard winter? That's what the Finns did to the same people...

They're literally hard-mode Russians.    
>Thus there's a 50/50 chance it doesn't exist. 

Naw theyre just that stealthy. Hiding in the snow endlessly bidding their time. 
Why I've been sticking to /r/DaystromInstitute and /r/StarTrekGifs. I'm not entirely convinced the torrent of pro DSC comments and shockingly attacking anyone who mildly disagrees isn't some sort of bot/paid account war. I remember around episode 6, I saw a ton of users slam people who questioned DSC (not saying any antiSJC stuff too) and every user was suspeciously exactly like 11mo old. 

I mean there's no way there's so many tyrannical Trekies who both love DSC and think "omg big deal the timeline is ruined". Unless ST 2009 really did pick up a whole bunch of new fans that prefer that style. 

Anyway here's the bottom line. I don't give a shit about their casting of minorities, forget the blaring time change, and even the untrek like style: Star Trek Discovery, at its core, is just plain poorly written. There's little emotional development of characters, I don't care what happens to them, and several performances only highlight those flaws (1st officer and CMO in particular). Not to mention several plot holes that no other TV show would have: "oh we need to have the crew prove their worth to themselves" OK, cut to captain on a small shuttle with ZERO setup to why. Just to shoehorn his obvious capture to then give us r guided tour of watching the crew work together.   

It just sucks because Star Trek has given us great sagas like The Dominion Wars, physics based mind benders like Time Squared, the first African American woman kissed by a white man on TV, and the legendary well written and performed Chain of Command... But now we have people yelling at each other constantly in space + lens flairs. Yay.
To OPs moms house
I'm no trucker, but this sounds like the mother fucking *hookup*. Goddamn reddit really can be a great fuckin thing.  
Yeah used to do Mac laptops too until they really started skimping on hard drive space/$. Got an XPS 15 and love it. Coworker just said yesterday, "oh that's not a Mac... It looks better." 
Random note on ya flair: the new Expanse Book just dropped today!
Same with drug awareness: you can do a bunch of cocaine but A) it'll cost you a fortune, and B) it ruins your matabolism and you get fat af when you stop. 
Yup Mars is the capital of the Federation, not Earth like one might think. 
That nade flick tho
Gimme that "I need to get into Stovakor" look. 
Best sub name ever. 
Flew shotgun (copilot) on a 6 seater in the Caribbean because of this. Was fuckin awesome.  
OG Bioware was the tits. Vanilla SWTOR had some of the good writers for the class stories, rest kinda went shit. 
Just reinstalled Empire at War, still holds up and wow what an insanely dedicated mod community. You can legit play *Star Trek*: Empire at War with voice over and Trek SFX.... 
Rainbow Six Seige (Ubisoft) has done this since day 1. All playable characters are unloclable either with 25k in game currency or by paying for the season passes. It's a really awesome system, and the RS6 team are pathological with balance between them.    
Quoting *Lost in Translation*
It looks great but it's kinda funny seeing a kitchen with 10ft tall backspash like, "Jesus what are you planning on doing in here?!" 
You know it's bad when two historic, extremely powerful enemies are on the same side against you. 
Naw just a reputable national news outlet that made a mistake and then did the proper thing by correcting it transparently.  

E: guys it's a Christmas miracle! I got all the_dumbass snowflakes triggered. Ah what a joyous occasion! 
Haha love the solider. He's like, "hmm that's nice. I'm just gonna enjoy this watermelon." 
"My mother and me", almost got it though.

My trick for figuring it out is just remove the other person from the sentence. So, you wouldn't say: "Photo of I in 1977", youd say "Photo of me in 1977". Also, as in real life: always put others before yourself.
Amazing, the bots are getting really good.
No sub is safe
Check the course offering throughout the previous year. Sometimes different professors are available during different parts of the year for various reasons (adjuct, etc). Doing this saved me from one of my institution's least liked professors. Just opted to complete the remainder of my electives all at once instead. 

Mind you, he was disliked because of his poor knowledge of the subject matter, not because he was a dick. To this day, my best professor was the one universally feared because of his tyrannical rules. Of which were: "do everything exactly how I say, and you'll get a C", "5min late to class is 5min late to a set (film school), you'd lose your job so you don't get to be in class", and my favorite was towards me "you're wearing sandles?! You can't wear sandles on a set. Go home." - it was a cinematography class, but we were just in the classroom that day. Still had to go home and be counted absent. Oh and we had to attend 2x 5hr Saturday classes to know all the answers to the midterm - the nicknames of all the studio lights and gaff equipment on a set. 

Michael Hoffstein: you're a son of a bitch, but goddamnit if one of my proudest moments wasn't when you saw my final and said: "you're a damn good director... but don't ever try to be a cinematographer. B-".
Fair warning, that girl is *unreasonably* attractive 
Fun fact: Ravens are one of only four species on earth with the ability of displacement: the capacity to communicate about objects or events that are distant in space or time from the communication.The other three being bees, ants, and humans. 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_raven 
One of my all time favorite lines. Legit tried to look up the poet who wrote it, and found that [Rutger Hauer wrote it himself on set](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tears_in_rain_monologue) 

The "Tears in Rain" monologue is quoted as "perhaps the most moving deathsoliloquy in cinematic history".
I think I'm faultering... They're tempting me with their beautiful women,  pickled herring, and socially acceptable introversion. 

*Nervously sings Proud to Be An American*
Had to Google it. Obviously any civilized country should take care of its poorest citizens. Women and men should also get time off with their new born. 

So, yes? Did I pass? 
Bahaha totally got me. Now I'm picturing actually running into the King and saying that in broken Swedish...  
Naw, I grew up in the South. Got family in Minnesota though. 
It's funny, I'm American with mostly Swedish ancestors 3 generations removed and we all try our hardest to avoid an argument. We also totally bash people for showing off their money or fame (in private of course). 
What's that in English, his royal majesty? In case I ever run into the King of Sweden haha. 
T_D is eerily quiet all day today. Mods canceled stickies because of "admin censorship"  
When you meet the King do you have to bow? How do you address him?  

I feel like he's pretty chill, would love to see someone be like, "Yo Carl, get over here and check out this tree, it's crazy nice!" 
THE KING IN THE NORTH! 
"Eros" branded condoms? 

Doors and corners kid. Doors and corners. 
Javier needs to get his shit together
E
AK-12, because [damn, they look cool](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d6/5%2C45mm_AK-12_6P70_assault_rifle_at_Military-technical_forum_ARMY-2016_03.jpg) 
Mind if I jump in? This post did it for me too. Got a beach trip next year I wanna get in better shape for. 
[Like so?](https://youtu.be/sUZjtSVCzCU)  
Fuckin amateure
Just embed OLED strips in the tred. Once theyd stop working, your tred is low
Hes's not dead Jim
Dude water carries sound like super well, they'll hear you and find you. Move to space, no one can hear you fap there.
How steep is that ramp? 
New AWSA? 
Seriously, one of the fucking best SNL skits in ages.

"they're making MORE?!"  
https://i.imgur.com/vB9B5.gifv
Is this one of the first letters of "friendship" between the US Government and Great Britain? I've always wondered when the point of us becoming friendly again occurred. It's hard to imagine (outside of the war) a time when we weren't the two closest allies in the world. 
You should see if she qualifies for subsidized heating coverage. Basically the state will pay her heating bill, or part of it. NY has a pretty comprehensive program from what I've heard.  
My favorite games of all time. Some of the best stories in video games ever. 
With Amos filling
Wonder what Havelock is up to? 

But really, this takes place 30 years later? So that means Jim and the Roci crew are like 60???
There should be a sub for this. Like /r/everydayartcritiques, where people post over the top, yet well crafted critiques of everyday objects/pictures. 
Wow someone made a cool $320k in that gif. Wish I got into btc haha. 
Not to mention the entire USN DLC. It's more buffed than the next 3 factions' similar DLC combined, and is constantly updated. Really OP.  
AKA "The POTUS Look".
Used to be an uber driver in SF. Found a stray dog off Ocean, picked him up and took him to SFSPCA. They're a great operation. 
Why though? I'm an atheist and I agree with this. 

"Better fences make better neighbors" (incase you don't know, Frost was being sarcastic)
True that. 23 was a strange one. 
When /r/Battlestations and /r/HomeTheater collide. 
It's not a story Starfleet would tell you...
Paris, France. 

It really is the epicenter of our species' culture. Getting lost there is one of my favorite things to do. It's almost impossible to randomly walk into a bistro and not find something incredible to eat. Parisians don't care if you think they're pretentious, and are actually (almost annoyingly so) really great people once you befriend one.

Also, the Grand Canyon. Just... just stood there for like 45 min staring at it. Words, even pictures can't encapsulate it.
I dunno, but my parents have a Mynx which does look like a mini Lynx. She's a massive bitch though. Like screams murder for attention then claws you when you pet her. But she's fam.
You don't know how old you are? 
Haha this guy grammars.
Holy fuckin shit. WaPo just **SLAYING IT** tonight. 

https://i.imgur.com/kmQeK.gifv
Haha Slates response to WaPos slogan is great: [15 metal album names that are less dark than WaPos new motto](http://www.slate.com/blogs/the_slatest/2017/02/22/_15_classic_metal_albums_whose_titles_are_less_dark_than_the_washington.html)     
As a filmmaker, I'm insulted they call this disaster artist one our own. Hell, he gives a bad name to the *actual* disaster artist - least his screned in theaters.  
Terrain Avoidance and Warning Systems (TAWS) are triggered past a certain altitude when the trajectory of the plane is such that it'll hit the ground (or obstacles like mountains) unless the pilot intervenes. After some pretty avoidable crashes, they're mandatory on all commercial and military aircraft. I'm not sure at what point exactly it goes off though. 

Sadly, if competent pilots are actively using the plane and the TAWS goes off, it's more than likely too late to change it. It's mostly meant as a tool to notify a distracted or incompassitated pilot. If you listen to black box recordings, often you can hear that alarm going off in the background even as pilots are failing to correct it. Pretty dark stuff.     
Dear Google: 

If the FCC does this, please exert your power, draw from your massive well of money, and quickly put up Google Fiber across our country.

Just market it as "1gb up, 1gb down no matter who you visit. Yes, even Bing." Then show someone searching for their connection speed on Yahoo.com.

Then Cumcast and the rest will get their regulated network... with no one on it. 
That's his TAWS going off. In any other plane, that's usually the last sound you hear before you die. Since this is clearly a trained fighter pilot doing maneuvers, he's probably ignoring it. 
This. Blew my mind when I found that out. Thank God they met each other and went the book route. 
Just finished Babylon's Ashes today, The Churn, and Drive over the weekend. Started the series in June. I'm completely obsessed now. I think The Expanse may be one of the great scifi epics. George R R Martin loves it too, and a lot of people say it's SFs answer to A Song of Ice and Fire. 

I listen to them on audible, Jefferson Mayes does an amazing job narrating them. Can't recommend them enough. The SyFy show is about as good as a cable channel could make of it. However I would've liked to see it more fleshed out and tackle darker stuff from a Netflix/HBO platform. Also I'd suggest not watching it until you're done with the books, it kinda blends things from several books, as shows have to do. 

Book 7 comes out in a few days too.  

E: read Nemesis Games before looking into it at all! It's got a pretty big spoiler that's hard to avoid. 
YD... welp there goes the next few hours of my life...
Ohh we since one of our own is in it now, we Americans should get one too! 
Boobs are eternal. - Aristotle, probably. 
To boldly go where no Jedi has gone before.
In it.
No sub is safe
Just need to live life like you're happily fulfilled. 
I mean, propaganda never really went away. We have literal ads for army/mc/navy. Not to mention shows like Last Ship which is partially funded by the USN, but that's an issue - fuckin love that patriotic porn haha. 
There's dozens of us, dozens! 
That's some Charlie Chaplin form right there. Good stuff. 
RIP Barrens Chat
I make a ring with my fingers around my pee and do this
Good God, they practically walk into your bullets at one point. 

Grats on getting nades to work. Been playing Arma for about a decade and have yet to effectively use that weapon haha. 
We're also the only mammals that tip after a meal. 
Or we can just switch to Thorium reactors and call it a fuckin day.     
As do we all. 
Wtf are up with your periods dude? They don't need to be double spaced. 
Yep Castro and Market 
Look, I'm just against foreign occupations. The way I see it is the Falkland Islands are an remnant of colonialism. There's no modern value in the land for the UK, so if there's a legal and peaceful option to exchange the land, then London should take it. To an extent, I feel the same way with Northern Ireland, but that's more complex.

Same goes with Guam and Puerto Rico for the US - let them become full states or do what they want. I just don't like seeing people abused and even die because of some shit decided centuries ago he liked hanging out there for holiday. Or even worse, liked their natural resources.    
I... love the idea of this movie. I also love John Candy. I just *really* hate his character in it. I realize you're supposed to, but it's not that. It's the repetitive, and obsurd predictability of him. 
So tired of British arrogance towards Argentina. It's the equivalent of the US going to war with the Virign Islands and then bragging about it. 

Not saying the asshats who attacked the Top Gear crew were in right. It's just strange why so many Brits are oddly salty over such a small, decisive victory. Hell we *lost* the Vietnam War (100x more deadly) and we're all buddies now haha.      
SCOTUS just needs to address it. The internet is a human right, and the purist form of our 1st Amendment rights. They rule as such and Pai's dick returns to its flaccid, 2" state.    
So is there a modern equivalent of "blue boxes" hackers and phreaks used to use in the old days? Sounds like we need to build our own, new web. 
Holy shit. This is a game changer. 
Metaphorically watching it at this moment in time
Literally watching that now. Such an underrated movie. 

Love scene where the he turns to the portrait of Margaret Thatcher and says, "You ever have this problem? Of course you did you saucy minx."   

E: it's underrated in that it wasn't nominated/won any major awards
Ha good question. You'd think if you were both docked at the same station, you could just exchange commodities. Since you could just walk it over to their ship. 
Anyone know when the black paintjobs might go on sale if they do it again this year? 
Aye, but whether your in Imperial, Alliance, or even pirate space this landmark Federation move will affect all CMDRs. 
If it's a Scottish court, then calling him an asshole is just saying "hello, good sir".
Dude's on fuckin fire in this thread
Princess Mononoke has to be one of the only R rated movies with the Disney branding on it.  

Oh nvmd it's PG-13, could've swore it was R at some point...
Good bot. 
Where are you 1998?
>Seriously! This is such a shame. Theyre making such a good move and youre all fighting against it? Unbelievable.

When you write something, do you make sure to reference Donald Trump's Twitter for sentence structure or did you just always sound like an infected asshole failing to pucker shut? 

>Plus, since people will now have to pay to use nonsense websites, theyll actually have to work to afford to use them. No more excuses to be lazy!

So what you pay now somehow "trickles" down to Scott's "edgy Tumblr" or Sarah's "boutique seashell necklace Etsy"? 

Wake up, it's ok, yes you're still alive: That's not how paying your ~~overlords~~ ISPs work. You pay them for access to sites, none of that money goes to said sites from the ISPs.

Quit sucking off ISPs. If you're so desperate to wrap your lips around something, I suggest you support Net Neutrality and download Grindr... if you can find someone willing to shame their dick enough to cram it in the pathetic orifice that is your mouth. Otherwise, get the fuck out of here.  

Edit: Mother Russia needs to try harder      
Likewise. Dat intro... always gets me pumped when I hear it. 
Is that from Cosmos? 
Haha I understand this reference. 
Same, prob just woke roommates
Had to do this for my ex, only keyboard. Went from MX Blues to Red Silent. Fuckin miss my clacky switches... 
35642
Same. Totally worth it. One of the few things that live up to the hype.  
I am chikidee 

Watch hw I sor

Wintr, rain or strm

I dnt care, I  hrdcore.  
Best. Godamned. Star Trek. Episode. 

Fun fact, the writers wrote it specifically to honor Stewart's famed theatrical career in the Royal Shakespeare Company, Broadway, and others. It's why it reads more like a play than a normal episode of Star Trek. 

THERE ARE **FOUR** LIGHTS! 
You like what? 
Can't wait for tomorrow's 
Don't forget "Chuck Norris' toast never falls butter side down." 
Anal [Sap]
Mondays amirite? 
Basically hubris sunk the Titanic. On so many levels.
Huh, guess Europe has red necks too. 
Yeah Redwoods are startlingly breath taking. They're a true one of a kind thing to experience. 
Yeah the R4-C is godlike 
Real question. Should I invest after the next decrease? 
Alternatively, bake at 420 for 45min prior
Also /r/nevertellmetheodds 
The Netflix one? That was unbearable. Prime example of no one speaking up and saying no. Also too many chefs in the kitchen. 
When it hits your stomach... The pain is universal. Both Gandhi and Hitler knew this pain, as do all men. 
Who would've thought I'd be here, laying in bed laughing at Eimenim and Simon & Garfunkel songs about a bear gettin his plums bashed? 

This thread is fuckin gold. 
/r/nocontext
Yeah had to fondle my roommates big ass dog's sack so he's used to dudes touching them. 
That's one happy death rope
Then the foot lick
Fires in space could potentially be safer than on Earth. Just suit up and vent the compartment... as long as it doesn't ya know, burn your ship up.
I shower in my space suit daily.
Why does he seem to always use two hands to drink? It's so strange. 
No sub is safe. 
Yeah even Assad signed the Paris Agreement 
So she's basically Polish Ash with optional concusive rounds. I'm ok with this.  
Yeah makes me miss the actually well made, funny safety videos Delta did a few years back. 

The woman wagging her finger at the no smoking warning had perfect comedic timing.  
Truly a dank day in meme history.  
EA: you are without honor! 
It'll be filled. Myanmars old capital is cramped and filled with ruined colonial infrastructure. A lot because of their bat shit former dictator, and their long Civil War. Building a fresh, modern capital was most likely viewed cheaper to maintain in the long run. Build it to scale alongside the population with the latest in civil engineering, green tech, and urban planning. 

Like someone else said, China has a few of them as well. They sometimes appear in news as ghost cities, but they're not abandoned, just unused until needed. It's a pretty good concept.
Could easily be a Mr Peanut Butter poster. 

What is this, a crossover episode?! 
AE gigs lend themselves well for reddit. Plenty of time waiting for footage and backing up TB of data. Also the office has a keg and snacks, so there's that. 
Naw, freelance, only a handful of days a month and an internship. 
Sigh, and here I am working at 2am for $20/hr.
31 flavors and you choose salt, fuckin classic. 
Oh cool, that shed has the proper seal for passport control. 
It has ATG capabilities but not designed to attack large lines of enemy assets like the A-10 or AH-64. F-35 is meant to be the successor of the F/A-18.

E: I think replacing the A-10 is more a of a wish list thing... but honestly it looks more like a F/A-18 replacement than the A-10 IMO. 
OMG time traveling Soviets? I wanna watch that movie.
I did too! My dad used to work on Dobbins NAFB, got to see one up close shortly after they declassified it when I was a kid. Straight up thought it was an alien spaceship. Randomly saw one last year at SF Fleet Week too.. was squealing like a little girl. Cus it was like, INSANELY faster than the other aircraft.
Halo has taught me that a pistol reigns supreme on the battlefield.
I know this is funny, but aggg F-35 isn't the same class of craft (hence the different first letters). F-35 is a supersonic mutli-roll - CAS, AA, ELW, Recon made in 2000s. A-10 is a subsonic, low flying CAS tank made in the 60s. 

I love, LOVE the A-10, but comparing it to an F-35 is like comparing a pistol to a long range rifle - both have their uses with little cross over. 

Now my ultimate favorite could do circles around both of them, and slag anything that decides to fly in its domain: the F-22 Raptor... Just as long as its working that day haha.  

Awesome F-22 story, homeboy litterally pulled off a "Top Gun": http://www.popularmechanics.com/military/a21232/why-the-f-22-raptor-is-such-a-badass-plane/
Ayyyy-10
Also, the A10 I just a vessel upon which the GAU-8/A rides 
Haha the second one is pretty funny
Fuckin got em
Meme dreamteam 18'. 

The internet should rally behind Sweden if only to pay homage to the greatness that is /r/Sweden.
All day, live in Brooklyn now and totally miss it. Not that there's a lack great sub shops in NYC haha. 
There "meter" is just the part of the driver app that calculates the fair by miles/time, it can be swiped off at any time to end a trip AKA "turn off the meter"
Naw I'm just trying to point out that it can effect others in ways one might not see right away. I feel like a lot of suicidal thoughts come from a place of thinking "no one will care if I'm gone" and even people who don't know you could potentially disprove that. 
Goddamnit. 
When you go full /r/dontdeadopeninside
Hey, look at that, I'm doing something right without even trying. 
Yeah I drove up Pac Heights and just sat on my car a good hour or so feeling really... strange too. Like all the scenerios of what might have been playing out in my head. Granted, the guy didn't break down or reveal anything, but he definitely was in a "zombie" state (like you guiding the woman) that clearly only would do something if compelled by another human - opened the door and even ordered for him. 
Thanks stranger. I really hope I am. However, I just feel like I did the only thing I could think of at the time. My father raised me to put myself in front of others, but truthfully I often feel I fail to meet that standard.
That is accurate. His destination was the GGB's visitor center, which has a, albeit shitty, taxi/rideshare drop-off lane. 
You can end a trip at any time, for any reason. I just elected to drive him the last ~2 miles for free. 
I mean, I hope it was just all in my mind. A non suicidal person with a free sandwich is better than the potential alternative. Either way, a good sandwich is bound to make anyone perk up. 
I do not envy the post those Rangers, CHP, and USCG officers who are assigned to that particular stretch of highway/sealane. I think they have added some netting, but I'm not sure how effective it is.
Haha, that would be terrible... if not kinda funny too though. I gotta admit, I crack up with how elaborate those posts can get.
Happened early last year, however the first Uber (black) and Uber X drivers were in SF, think since around 2009? Their HQ is in SF, regularly drove Uber corporate employees to and from their office on Market. I drove 2014-2016.
Hey, I mean I'm kinda a dick sometimes, doesn't mean we dont have the ability to do good things. I'm smiling at a stranger tomorrow.
Shit man. Sorry you had to see that... especially since the body was still visible and not in the water and all. Seeing someone die isn't easy.
A prequel meme compliment? I need to call me mom, this is the highest achievement to date. Make way sisters' PhD's and dozens of soccer trophies, there's a new king at the table!
Me too. 

That or I was completely wrong and some random guy was like "oh.... erm free sandwich from my uber driver!"
Gettin' a Big Lebowski vibe off ya, I love it and thanks!
No BS, your comment made me smile. Thanks.
Hey, thanks man.
Thanks, but I honestly don't think I did anything special. 

Just figure if that was really the case he was going through, I'm sure by that point he has heard pretty much everything someone could possibly say to him (or at least expected as such), all I could think to do was just delay a little and at the very least give him something small.

The place was The Sandwich Spot in Marina
Sorry just a colloquialism for ending the trip early, as not to charge him for the change in destination. 
Haha maybe?! The Sandwich Spot on Pierce and Chestnut? Destination GGB Visitors Center? 

If so, I mean I hope it brightened your day
Probably had Subway earlier 
annnd... now I have to watch Starship Troopers again. If not, just to see that sweet [shower scene](https://i.imgur.com/eH72UNP.gifv)  