But he also tried to leave her in a partially exposed shed with no food and no water and no idea when they would come back for her. I don't blame her for forcing Omar to take her with him, and I don't really blame her for leaving Omar's apartment when they were three hours late.

The amount of racket she made at Omar's apartment and standing by windows was fucking *dumb* though
Assuming they want to keep the same cast start to finish, probably. 
This needs to be an album cover
This article is a mess, but I would actually argue that physical affection including sexual expression should be considered rights as part and parcel with healthcare. Nobody has an entitlement to any one individuals body, but I would totally be fine with legalised and organized prostitution with government subsidies for those who can show hardship. Disability, awkward as fuckness, whatever the cause may be.

Maybe free access to sex therapists?
Failure? 
I'm surprised they're not literally a protected class yet, only effectively one. 
Pull and pray
You're a mad man. What do you do when a d20 is acting up? 
Yo these incel dipsticks can get bent, but if this led to a legalization of sex work and unionization of sex workers I'd be OK with it. 
Didn't Travis say not only does she have that giant bag but she has a huge bowl of dice at home too? 

It sounds like if you picture the buy dice by the scoop bucket at con booths. 
TB/Pneumonia check, probably? They'd want to know if the patient needs to be isolated. 
Muh muh muh muh ooh mow mow
smooth
Is this the twitter equivalent of "nuh uh, you are!" because if so bravo
>"Who at Talks Machina keeps choosing spoilery questions that shouldn't be asked?"

Man I know I shouldn't badmouth the crew because this is just as much on everyone asking the questions but for real. They've got to get better at not throwing background questions at them. Beau will berate everything out of everyone eventually.
Her damage is necrotic. It's not a hard leap to make even if they hadn't let the subrace slip.
> Only reason I'm less sure is that Jester, as a blue tiefling, is apparently tied to cold but we don't know her father's situation.

infernal DNA works in mysterious ways
I've been operating under the assumption that she was a succubus who was hiding her true nature. I know the offspring of succubi aren't tieflings don't @me it's D&D and Matt could do what he wants. But considering how accepted tieflings appear to be in this society, it wouldn't surprise me if the Ruby of the Sea is a tiefling herself.
Using it for my next barbarian.
Someones gonna have a seizure from that SUBMIT flash some day.
Probably a bit of column A a bit of column B. I imagine a civil war, especially one where our nuclear stockpile went into meltdown would have a lot of sporadic resistance all over occupied territory. The US would basically be Syria. The cities would be slaughterhouses, suburban areas would be full of famine and disease, and rural areas would probably have tons of small communities eking out survival in the wilderness. Or starving to death. Except unlike Syria it would be radioactive in much of the plains states.

Everybody else must be seriously fucked too or else you'd expect China to be all up in our shit if the US fell to an insurgent group that doesn't have full control *and* doesn't have control of the nuclear stockpile? If I was leading the Chinese government I'd be all up in it.
Pretty much the entirety of the Good Shepherd movie. Whether it's Hat Damon taking a deaf girl to a jazz club on a date, or them watching a dude masturbate in some homoerotic Skull & Bones shit, or them abruptly throwing a black woman out of a helicopter because she's "a spy", that whole movie was a fucking mess. Some friends and I saw it in high school and we were the only ones in the theater so we just mercilessly made fun of it.
I feel you. The staff at SNFs are not supported at all, they're overworked, and tbh they don't get the ace students to begin with for nurses. I understand the plight, but goddamn I have seen some insane negligence and just complete lack of common sense. I've also seen some aides and nurses who really do care about their patients but they were so few against so many patients.
I'll bet the only reason he's still alive is that Bush's people thought it would be a bad look for this guy to turn up dead over something that really wasn't a big deal.
I still think RT podcast is pretty funny, and their political takes aren't *that* bad all things considered. I don't go there for politics though, I do it because I don't have any podcasts I do listen to that drop on Wednesday. 

Fishing for Wednesday podcasts is what's up right now 
This is actually violence. 
Elder abuse makes me fucking furious. I used to work as a medic and one time in the ER I saw a crew bring in an elderly woman from a "skilled" nursing facility who had necrotic flesh all up her entire right flank and this poor woman was just sobbing in pain. I have no idea how it got that bad or why it took so Goddamn long for the idiots at the SNF to call the squad. 

Seriously just put a fucking bullet in my head before sending me to one of those extended care facilities, it's more humane.  For profit medicine is a fucking sin. It really sucks that there's no good way to avoid it if you want to work in medicine and actually help people. 
Everything is Hamas 
If he has baby balls how many times a day does he have to stop and pee? 
I sent that bitch a picture of my diiiiiiiiick
Kanye West / Cardi B 2020 y'all. 

Though I think there's probably a minimum age to be VP so maybe Killer Mike assuming he's cool again/still cool? I can never remember who is in the good graces these days it changes so fast. 
Assuming that elvish sex characteristics are determined in the same manner as humans.
All people should be allowed to collectively bargain with their employers, even the government. But cops being considered labor is fucking hilarious. 
inshallah
I'm an even bigger fan of [Wallspin](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mw2fh8qfDiA) tbh
Did they cut their husbands throats in their sleep? Of course they're collaborators. They're part of the regime.
She asked if I wanted to get greek tonight,  
I said maybe
A monthly subscription water-fountain?
There is no such thing as an innocent collaborator. The wives are just as guilty and when Gilead falls they should be up against the wall with their husbands.
Which would explain why all those hosts were drowned in a sea in episode 1
Industrial sabotage is best praxis. Dolores is obviously a militant unionist who wants the hosts to rise up and be compensated for their labor. Collectivise the park, solidarity forever! 
Rick Harrison with a skin disorder. 
juche gang
Michael Wolff is a complete sleazeball, but you need sleaze to write a book about sleaze. 
Juche gang Juche gang Juche gang Juche gang Juche gang Juche gang Juche gang Juche gang 
>"and remember, don't talk to cops"

Actual advice my white parents gave me. They knew we were more privileged than most but fuck cops. Even as a little kid they were like "if you ever get in trouble at school, especially if there are cops involved, you don't say anything and you refuse to consent to searches until we get there."
Broke: Why is it demeaning to think he's a girl?  
Woke: Are you saying its not demeaning to misgender someone?
akkkshualllyyyy they're not underage anime girls they're immortal ancient beings who happen to look like 12 year old girls so it's totally ok and not problematic at all
Oh my god a dwarf that's scared of the dark is perfect. I've been thinking about how to make a dwarf barbarian who has a reason to adventure outside the mines. Maybe he was a warrior who would go in the underdark but something spoopy happened and he no longer feels comfortable under ground in the dark. 
Bah, that's no fun 
With Pact of the Blade you can attune to one magic weapon and set it as your pact weapon. Also with pact of the blade, you can determine a weapon's shape every time you summon it. It does not state you cannot change magical weapons once they're your pact weapon. So, I would rule that he's perfectly capable of absorbing the features of a magic weapon and turning it into a falchion if that's what he's comfortable with. 

Hell, if he had improved pact weapon he could take a magic sword and turn it into a bow, which would be kind-of dope.
It looks like a chiclet
Yeah all that's cool man but can you hack the gibson?
Right swipe all foreign women
God sent bears to maul 42 children to death whose only crime was making fun of Elisha for being bald. I'm not surprised people could believe this is a sign of divine providence.

Whackjobs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80YFtnTBApU
She obviously has Dissociative Identity Disorder and her other self is a /pol/ going Russian hacker troll. 
*Bushian Dream of Western Democracy* sounds like a Godspeed You! Black Emperor album. 
Boy, the Mighty Nein are not shy about grave robbing. They're putting on rings from a *recently haunted grave*. It's like they want to get haunted. 
Shit now Molly cockblocked Fjord and Travis looked half amused half pissed. He must have had a great line in mind
Don't forget Jester! Stabilize her pls
Don't die Jester. 
It was also because he was her son. If they had a little girl, it probably would have been a whole different story. I guarantee they would have found a way to keep her too.
It was because he had Canadian citizenship, and when you've just overthrown the government and are instating your own while still in a war with the government-in-exile, you don't want to start a war with your neighbor to the north too. You just let people out if they have citizenship to another country. And while Gilead may not recognize their marriage anymore, Canada does and because of that they would still claim the boy.

What I learned from that scene is I need to get myself a fake passport from some other country just as a precaution. 
The airport scene destroyed me. It really makes me think I need to buy a fake, non-American passport. Just in case. 
Scanlan looks hot. He also looks like he *definitely* has an STD but won't tell you about it. 
That's why we're not allowed to do it anymore. It's not an issue 99% of the time but there's always that one asshole. 
No but see even though for tens of thousands of years people lived in small racially homogeneous communities and everything was fine and there was no war or violence ever. 
Krillin is the people's DBZ character.
Like two raw steaks slapping together. 
It seems like Bernie Sanders is some folk legend for neoliberals. "Did you hear about the time that Bernie Sanders slept so long he forgot his name? What about the time Bernie Sanders walked the entire length of Vermont shushing all the women?"

Next he's gonna be an 8ft tall socialist lumberjack
1/?
I like the guy who was trying to say how awful Cuba is by posting articles from... *The Miami Herald*. Because sure, the local paper in Miami that caters to Cuban-American exiles is going to have a balanced and nuanced take on the Cuban government 
Besides being an attractive white woman who doesn't talk politics, shes been rumored to have gone on 4chan in the past. She's been a meme queen over there for a long time. 
Under His Eye
\>racially segregated tribal communes.  
\>peaceful coexistence

Yeah, and I've got a bridge to sell you
Counterpoint: animals by definition cannot be slaves as they are not people
The black under white is triggering me
Yeah but ANZAC cookies are delicious soooo
Your avatar is unsettling. 
Pickup culture is "too humanizing"? Oh god, I am ded. This has slain me. 
Your problem is that Mueller doesn't have any chin at all, [he has a beak](https://i.imgur.com/XCZdkQp.jpg)
Disaster lesbian dom
It sounds like it boils down to

1. If you're gonna do crimes, don't get caught  
2. What's your deal?
3. No seriously, tell me everything about you.  
4. Am I coming on too strong? I don't care WHAT ARE YOUR SECRETS
They'll just give Hugh Hewitt her slot. 

I still appreciate some of the coverage msnbc does but the fact that they got rid of Ed Schultz and gave shows to Hugh Hewitt and Nicolle Wallace amuses me. The "liberal media" network has three separate shows hosted by Republicans, that I can think of. And no leftists except maybe Chris Hayes and he's definitely not allowed to go too far afield. 
I've been watching Blindspot (it's pretty fucking cliche tbh and I've pretty much given up on it) but I'm constantly rooting for the "bad guys."
Don't forget the classic *Flour, Yeast, and Water.*
Toledo is a lot of things. It is not those things.
Isn't getting hit while down considered a critical fail, so you lose two saves? 
How dare you
Replace all world leaders with ayahuasca drinking shaman
I can't even imagine the shitshow that would be if it happened. I almost have to believe if the monarch tried that British parliament would just say no and carry on like usual. 
Somewhere, out there  
Beneath the paaaale moonliiiiight
Reading is bourgeois 
So... a farrier
A bill where you can throw someone in jail for refusing to go to work? When did teachers join the military? 

There's no way that would get past the courts. 
Does he think that Republicans aren't going to hit him with racist MS13 attack ads in the fall? That they're going to say "Oh, Joe's one of the good democrats let's not try to take his Senate seat"

What the *fuck*.
Wait, they already can be forced to work 60 hour weeks? That's some fucking bullshit. 
ngl I really want to play a Socialist Paladin. It would be fucking awesome.
Then why don't they have sun glasses or a sun visor in the helmet huh?

Checkmate, atheists
Yeah but the Migos version of *Ohio* would be straight fucking fire.
I can probably count the number of times I've seen another man's dick in a public restroom on one hand. Not including gym locker rooms. I really don't know what he's on about. As long as you obey the rules of the bathroom, eyes forward and leave a urinal between people unless there's no other option and *no talking*, we're cool. 
It is a pretty solid joke tho
The only thing that can stop an active shooter is Abuela with her chanclas
Robbery, Meth deal, or murder. Pretty much one of the three happened every weekend at our Waffle House. 
Pretty sure it's mandatory in the People's Republic of Massachusetts tbh. 
Mother Earth is pregnant for the third time, for y'all have knocked her up
But time and a half pay tho
*wow*. I can kind of see coming at it from an economic perspective to understand the reasons people might stoop to such a grotesque practice as enslaving other people and like, explaining the concept of white man's burden. If this were a college level class, and the question was much more nuanced. 

But positives from the slaves perspectives? Holy shit. 
I was gonna say, if you make the penalty for planning a protest or protesting harsh enough eventually people are gonna say "well if I'm going to jail anyway...." and start blowing shit up. 
I once ate a hotdog bun with beef jerky (homemade, my uncle raises cattle) and baked beans on it that I had microwaved. 

It was actually pretty delicious tbh.
Whoa there Chief say what you will about white people but you leave skyline chili out of this.
If I learned anything from watching cartoons as a child it's there is no such things as ghosts, it's always old amusement park owners in masks. 
I don't understand why people have such a problem with speaking ill of the dead. They're dead, you should speak the truth about people whether they're alive or dead. I don't know if Barbara Bush was racist or just an out of touch rich woman, but she *did* raise a war criminal and was married to one too. Also, her husband ran the CIA during the cold war so he was bound to have done some fucked up shit. 

Her hands are not clean. 
I'm not sure if releasing a product that seems purely designed for youtube content creators is evil, genius, or fuckin retarded.
You guys remember when Tim Buckley showed his dick to an underage girl on his forum, then banned half the forum for giving him hell for it? Because I sure as shit do.

B\^U
[Shattrath City tour quest flashbacks intensify]
tfw you watch Blindspot and are rooting for Sandstorm. 

Also, Cobra did nothing wrong
Audiation mothafuckaaa
The Mufasa Dynasty ruled the Pridelands as an apartheid state. It deserved to fall. Unfortunately it was toppled by a fascist regime, and then succeeded in Lion King 2 by Simba resuming the apartheid state. This time not only racially segregating the hyenas to inferior lands but Scar's entire lineage as well. It wasn't until the end of Lion King 2 that Simba was forced to end the oppression by his more progressive heir. 
Reminder that the artist for this comic, Tim Buckley, sent a picture of his dick to an underage girl on his forum. Then, when he got called on it he banned half the forum members for giving him hell about it. 
Just the concept of "parental authority" being thrown around makes me squeamish. Of course little kids can't make every decision for themselves but I don't get how the American obsession with personal autonomy doesn't extend to children
Sorry professor couldn't come to class today because I didn't want to be on the teevee. You know if they take your picture they steal your soul?
*what*
Knowing about someone and having evidence to convict them of a crime are two radically different things.
\*cough\*Focus on the Family\*cough\*
I always felt like Thirsting Blade should have added a leach to melee attacks, not been an extra attack. 

Me personally I'd go Improved Pact Weapon because it is dope as fuck, but Thirsting Blade is probably the optimal choice. 
I just culturally appropriated the fuck out of a bowl of spicy tonkatsu ramen. It was delicious. 
Who knew that when you make your whole business about triggering libs, that you might actually trigger some libs and they won't want to hire you anymore?


ngl I think Roger Stone would make a hilarious guest. He's really one of the biggest, cattiest cunts out there. Get him talking about people that the right and the left hate and it could be quite amusing, or even just argue with him about other shit. 
Dan Carlin's Hardcore History WW1 episode that deals with Rasputin is one of my favorite things. Such a fucking insane story. 
Because the rest of the world already thinks our State Department is full of spies, let's just put the head of the CIA in charge.

:/
Oh their actual characters will be in it. I just thought they were all doing VO work. Huh, interesting. 
Therefore, send not to know  
For whom the booty claps,  
It claps for thee.
aka a couple hours after I eat the pad thai stir fry from fresh city. So good, *so gassy*
> More like this, but with enough salvia... maybe?

I'm willing to find out, for science and the future of mankind
Oh my god I saw the title of the tweet thread about this and thought it was a *joke*. Implying that's the kind of shit he would sink to because it's so far fetched.

But he ACTUALLY SAID IT. The fucking mad lad.
> a space bridge to space I can sell you.

Salvia?
Everything about the Biotic Wars is real. The Biotics, the wars, *everything!*
He claimed the worker had papers it was just the wife and kids that were undocumented. Didn't say he employed the wife. 
Good to know that ideological differences are not permitted in the military. Where's the free speech right on this one? 
Fiji Water is the official water of lily white people. Plus it has a lot of silica in it which makes it smooth. 
Shit my bad I must have clicked through a link from a shitposting subreddit and not realized I was on a real one lol. I'm not actually a communist I was just goofin. Oops. 
The courts ordered DACA to be reinstated and SCOTUS refused to hold an emergency hearing on it so I'm not sure what everyone is worked up about? I was pulling for the Dems to stand on this and shut the government down if need be but TBH they'll have more leverage when they take the House next year so as long as SCOTUS doesn't take it up this year and rule on it we should be ok. 

https://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2018/02/13/585597527/second-federal-court-blocks-trump-from-rescinding-daca
I mean the Russia stuff is a massive political scandal that will be taught in history classes like Watergate or Teapot Dome. As far as impacting the average American living through it though it shouldn't really be the focus. 

Though, if they *weren't* talking about that they might be agitating for war in Syria even harder soooo silver lining? 
Miracle Whip tastes like cancer feels. 
God yes. Nobody was held accountable for that shit. 

Also, as a total aside, I want to see someone held accountable for putting bread on the bottom of the food pyramid in the 90s. What the *fuck* were they thinking? 
Seizing money and property from the rich is now \*checks notes* a bad thing? 
I listen to it when he has comedians on that I like but he gets super repetitive.

Also, the Alex Jones episode (#911 because of course) was *fascinating*
I mean it *is* a joke, but it's also in the game
Buckle up because the economy is gonna shit the bed again and it will definitely happen in the midst of the bomber twilight. That percentage is going to skyrocket. 

Maybe that will finally be the thing that gets Social Security buffed? If we get lucky and Sanders or someone like him wins
It was shit but fun, like fast food. 
My honest opinion, this looks fucking terrible. And I actually liked Jurassic World, for what it was.
*Real Pundits of US Politics* when? 
Yeah, when he had his flashback moment he spoke in an English accent. He got asked about it the next time he was on Talks, and he said that he didn't forget what accent he was using, but he intentionally switched during that scene. So Fjord *used* to sound English but now sounds Texan. Why?
Well I am intrigued by whatever the fuck *that* is but I'm way too tired to process it right now. I stared into the abyss of Kissinger's ugly ass face on a banner with the Pokemon Go logo and I am just not up for that tonight.
I mean, if she was on palliative care there's a near guaranteed chance she was on some pain killers of some sort. Fentanyl or morphine maybe, maybe some anti-anxiety meds.

I know if I'm on my death bed I'd want to be stoned out of my gourd. 
Well *that* is definitely what I wanted to see right before going to bed. Thanks OP
Adventurers get *stupid wealthy* real quick if they don't spend much money, and so far Molly has been fairly frugal. He bought that necklace but otherwise I think he's doing ok on cashflow. I wouldn't be surprised if he could go back in a few levels and fucking buy Trostenwald. Set it up as a circus commune? A sort of budding Vegas type city for freaks and geeks?
I still can't get over the fact that he's hiding his natural accent. *Why?*
Some call it tankieee
Definitely getting a shield is priority #1 now that he has Warcaster. Preferably one that can be summoned and dismissed so he can bamf in both like a badass
That's true. Though if he took Actor at level 4, he would have bumped his CHA to 19. Then at 8th level he could round out his CHA to 20 and his dex to 12 by going +1/+1.  That might be what I do on my upcoming mask of many faces bardlock I'm playing, if the stats play out right.
It's also possible my eyes are just pussies. I have a pretty damn high pain tolerance in a lot of ways but definitely not my eyes.
I have an astigmatism so maybe that makes it worse? Since my contacts have to be weirdly shaped. Or maybe I just have sensitive eyes I dunno, but it feels exactly like when the H202 hasn't been neutralized. Just on *fire*.
I guess it's a little different since I work in a liquor store so regularly people get orders of like, 3 items where it is quite clear whose is what.
You have practiced casting spells in the midst of combat, learning techniques that grant you the following benefits: 

- You have advantage on Constitution saving throws that you make to maintain your concentration on a spell when you take damage.
- You can perform the somatic components of spells even when you have weapons or a shield in one or both hands.
- When a hostile creature’s movement provokes an opportunity attack from you, you can use your reaction to cast a spell at the creature, rather than making an opportunity attack. The spell must have a casting time of 1 action and must target only that creature. 
Warcaster confirmed!

I still think he needs to take Actor eventually but Warcaster is smart.
If you ever get them in with the wrong side facing in it'll feel like you've got a piece of 60 grit sandpaper in your eye. Its extremely goddamn painful.
Good thing Bardlocks are fan-fuckin-tastic
we blindspot on nbc now
candlemaking, a japanese toy store, and video rentals. tbh all of that makes *perfect* sense.

Also BWF having worked renting porta-potties.

Because he's stinky.
[unioniiiiiiize iiiitttt](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ABc8ciT5QLs)
"they called me an ambulance driver and I got mad :("
I always worked evenings and our day staff always got our catering orders so they would regularly get fat tips I would miss out on. 
Sure, do you have a specific questionnaire or just more informal sort of tell us about your experiences? 
Buy generic diphenhydramine it's a lot cheaper than name brand benadryl. 
L + R + Up, C-Right, R + Left, R + Up, Up, R + Right, Up, L + R + C-Down, L + R + Down, L + R + C-Left.
I don't know which is worse, that or when they put a divider down behind someone's one item and put their stuff way back like I'm a fucking moron. Like I know the customers order ends with this bottle of whiskey because it's literally in my hand you don't need a divider. 
I mean SK could kick us out I imagine, but if they did you know we would have a massive buildup in Japan and any other military bases we have in east Asia. The US military won't cede Asia to the Chinese for nothing. Or anything, probably. 

I'm hopeful though for a real peace. 
Rallying is great and all but the dinner rolls at Texas Roadhouse are \*kisses fingertips*
Broke: objectifying women is nbd.   
Woke: objectifying women is wrong.   
Bespoke: objectifying women is feminist
Thank you! Now if I could just figure out why Oreo has made everything suck so bad. It feels like my phone is slower, more glitchy, and drawing a lot more power. 
[laughs in Sylvan]

My glamour bard says have fun with that from the Feywild
I just started listening to it and while I don't agree with their takes on everything it's nice to hear some opinions that are actually further left. Plus their subreddit is half leftist politics half shitposting which I enjoy immensely.
Strike
Maybe Mommybot has a dad boner for jazz and was disappointed on the mommies hot takes on scatting
The amusing part of this to me is how fucking shocking it would be if Cohen had just done some mundane lawyering for Hannity. Drew up the contract for a personal assistant, helped him make a will, that kind of thing. 

It's so hard to believe, it has to have been some shady shit. 
It's the psychic vampires from the moons of Jupiter come to build a galactic AI powered by our *souls*
I don't think it's necessarily age but that boomers were exposed to leaded gasoline fumes and such which made their generation fucking loco
I'm  surprised they didn't go full throttle and use Chilean rape dogs
Alien facehuggers and their inserted xenomorph eggs have rights too! 
This argument would hold a lot more weight (still not much, but more) if Trump actually read any of the intelligence at all. 

But ultimately even if Hillary was President we'd still be bombing Syria right now because this is an imperial Presidency / capitalism thing, not a Trump is an unhinged maniac thing.  
\>mixing alcohol with benzos 

Thats as good a way as any to kill yourself I guess. 
Maybe because the state has a history of violently supressing leftist movements?
That's not how expanded spell lists work. You get access to them, you don't get them free. 
He can also use it to maintain smites, which is a primary part (or can be) of a Hexblade build. I don't think he's taken a Smite yet as a spell, but he should soon. 
Of course he voted. He told the country that Clinton was again under criminal investigation but completely failed to mention the counter-intelligence investigation into Trump. That's putting your finger on the scale much, much more than any one man's vote.
\*fart noises*
ACDAB
Because unfortunately he had no website tracking if he was alive or not. Unlike Abe Vigoda and http://isabevigodadead.com/
Psh, I'm not the boss of what a woman does with her taco. I ain't about to cook shame. If she wants to feed me I love a good taco and won't say no.
Yeah but instead World of Warcraft and a decade.
Next time Sanderson does an AMA we need to ask what the glyph pair would be for "SEND NUDES"
He's been saying that shit for a while now that the deep state is drugging Trump in his Diet Cokes because he seems to get more confused and unhinged at night and that's totally because of a conspiracy to drug the president, not because his brain is broke and he's Sundowning.
where my soros check tho
If the Capitalists really want to cow us all into complete subservience they would make *Her* a reality as fast as possible, working towards replicant waifus. You've got your qt3.14aigf whispering sweet neoliberalisms into your ear to tempt you away from revolution.
But how can you use messenger if you can't even read? Checkmate, dark eyes!
I guarantee whoever made this is the exact same person who would say "why do you care if the main character is black? It shouldn't matter what the race of a character is" when people are championing diversity in media. 
Can't say I'm really interested in the hot takes on honor and loyalty to country from a guy who announced a criminal investigation into one candidate while completely hiding the other candidate being investigated. Comey really is just jerking himself off here. 
I agree with the other poster. Next time, roll a bog standard character class and background, and don't make your backstory edgy. Now, find out what that guy is all about through role playing. It'll flex a different muscle you haven't been using. 
A leftist radical Jew from the Middle East. 
Dere you see her  
Shooting in de other lane.  
She don't got a big AK,  
But there's someting about her.
The system is so fucked why bother holding *anyone* accountable!

This is you. This is how you sound.
And we don't even tax to pay for wars anymore, we just put them on the credit card so *our* generation will have to pay for the wars the boomers started right before they died. 
I got perma-banned from r/politics for implying that after their trials for treason I hope the whole administration hangs. The mods told me nobody has ever been hanged publicly for treason and I was threatening violence or some shit. I'm like a) totally false, and b) I did say they should stand trial first. 
Yeah but Raytheon doesn't build municipal water systems sooo.... 
It's incredibly problematic that you just erased [Robanukah](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XtTL0A5nhfk) like that
Molly reminds me of Locke Lamora and the teachings of the Crooked Warden. Their relgion's commandments are "Thieves prosper, the rich remember". The way Molly gave coins to the highway bandits, the way he has taught Nott to steal from people who don't need it, not from people who desperately do.
Everyone makes jokes about trying to get Matt to say "high noon" but I need someone to throw a *"you are not prepared!"* in Liam's face.
[posts nature picture with vague platitude about honor]

3000 retweets
For real. I would never ask someone out while they're working because they have to be nice to you and that feels incredibly exploitive but to get *arrested* for it? You've got to push the boundaries so far to get that far. Like, follow her to the break room over the line. 
Sex swing, definitely a sex swing
>Obama=communism=cool

I wish
I think you might be a genius
The truth about capitalism? 
Legit Buzzfeed News has had some very good  news reporting recently. They've broken a few real stories. Also they're the only ones that had the balls to publish the Steele dossier, which I appreciate. They also got roasted about it by other media companies who then turned around and gossiped about it because they didn't have the guts to publish it but sure weren't going to miss out on the ratings. 
The benefit to guns at that stage in their development is that they're great equalizers. A longbowman can kill more efficiently and quicker than someone with a musket, but that takes years of practice where any idiot can be trained to fire a gun in a relatively short amount of time. 
Heaven is where you can fart as much as you want and it never smells. 
Nott should use the sword anyway full Sephiroth style. 
Viking princess or riot
"is it wine?"

Suddenly, Molly is Jesus plot arc
I saw that! I have no idea who sits across from Ashley but I didn't see anyone throw a die. Crew? 
Does Travis even know what the dice rolls mean? 
So, Molly cons people and has a bunch of former personas maybe? 
Sure, lets get started now. We should hurry though because Syria is a fucking shitshow with no good outcomes so we should probably get to where we can take some more refugees to save some lives.

Lets get cracking.
Considering I've heard my racist fox news grandfather call her Ellen Degenerate before, I'd take a sir as a wash and call it a day.
pls no let West Wing stay where it is, an occasionally problematic but overall pretty enjoyable show with a lot of nostalgia to it for me. 

Plus West Wing without Leo just isn't the same. rip in peace
Pee for the pee tape? 
I would not steal his wallet, I would shit in it and put it back. 
Looking at this makes me feel like I just got molested. 
It's not backed up by any science whatsoever though. There have been [studies that show that marijuana has much less impact on your driving than alcohol.](http://time.com/3706491/driving-stoned-drunk-study-safety/)
I still love how Ben Carson's excuse for spending absurd amounts of money on bullshit boiled down to "women be shoppin"
They say in Silicon Valley, there are no neutrals there. You'll either be a union boy or a thug for tech billionaires. Which side are you on, boys? 
I'm way too nervous and paranoid when I get high to add a motorcycle into the mix. I think I'd be a mess. I've ridden a little toasted after work before but it's a straight shot home at night with nobody around so nbd, but I was never a fan. 
I literally can't even parse what he's trying to say here. Come on Jon you're a speech writer.
This would be happening if Hillary was president too. This is the neolib/neoconservative capitalist adventurism.

If they actually gave a shit about the victims they'd accept a lot more refugees. But they mostly just want to flex muscles, get more money to weapons companies, and I dunno try and instigate a war with Iran I guess? I'm really not sure what the actual objective here would be.
First you get the school to pass a regulation that tests can only be taken with pencils supplied by you, *then* you sell your pencils at ridiculous markup. 
*Twice!*
ish. It's much less dangerous than drunk driving because you're aware of how high you are and typically drive super paranoid (at least I know I do), but any intoxicant or distraction will detract from your ability to drive. 

I mean just try riding a motorcycle some time and you'll realize how little you already pay attention when driving sober let alone when you're high. 
Kim Kelly, who apparently is a metalhead leftist

https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2017/may/01/may-day-dream-better-tomorrow
No you see the argument is that white people can't help themselves but to be racist if we give things to brown people too, so might as well just not bother. That way it seems woke rather than just racist.
I mean he hired John Bolton at National Security Advisor idk what you would expect. I have a feeling we'll be invading Iran some time before the 2020 election because life is a fucking nightmare.
7 > 9 > 6 don't @me
Hey look it's the "alright everyone who is gonna buy the new hero asap has bought him we can nerf him now" nerfs. Thank fucking christ.
smoking fat doinks out in Amish is absolutely best praxis.
Chili's just got rid of the awesome blossom which makes me want to get out the guillotine. The working class doesn't have much, don't take our 8000 calorie fried onion served with a bucket of ranch. 
Or reddit, apparently 
get on that Pepper game son. It's like Euchre except everyone gets six cards, you bet on tricks and the high bet picks trump. 
Well I was hoping the op was tongue in cheek but no they're  just chuds and life is a fucking nightmare
Is the fucking President getting into arguments on twitter with someone who has a Pennywise profile picture and like a thousand followers? I just don't want to even live anymore. 
One Woke Nazi sounds like a really weird One Tree Hill spin-off
Broke: *Nobody* is entitled to sex. 

Woke: Everyone is entitled to physical affection and sexual expression, and for those who cannot for whatever reason participate in the dating market they should be able to purchase sex at fair market prices from independent sex workers. 

Bespoke: Sex Workers should unionize countrywide, kill their pimps or traffickers if they're not already independent, and we should raise working conditions for Sex Workers by making prostitution fully legal. 
As a former medic I used to see this shit *all the time* on facebook from medic friends. "why should burger flippers make more than I do saving lives?" They probably shouldn't since EMS is a licensed field requiring education, but you should make more! Fight for your wages. Unionize. Don't tear another person down because you feel they're beneath you. Plus, food service is still pretty damn hard work and should be a living wage. 
Hey now leave the Squatty Potty out of this
It has boys that look like dolls, girls that look like toy soldiers, those little paper slips you have to take to the register to get a video game, and they even have a *human retail employee*.
>Irish Pogramists

im ded, the Irish holocausted me
For real though there are actually people who *identify* as neoliberal? Like just general liberal, sure, whatever they define it as. But neoliberal? Are they just like, the left version of /pol/, memeing themselves into being awful people?
Caleb looks like he smells like an Israeli disco.
>You don't see people asking Kanye to diss Kendrick or vice versa. 

I bet you do
You've probably heard her biggest hit [Bodak Yellow](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PEGccV-NOm8) at some point or other.
Are these our Four Square teams or something?
I assumed that was somewhat tongue in cheek but you have a good point there.
30 years ago absolutely. Now when he has a porn star in his room he makes her sit down and watch Shark Week with him. Racist Fox News Grandpas *love* parades. And McDonalds coffee, for some unknown reason.
You can be a fascist and not have a fascist government. Bernie is a socialist more or less but if he had been President it's not like America would be a socialist country overnight. Trump is *definitely* a fascist, and if he could do anything he wanted he would probably be watching military parades all day while wearing a uniform full of bullshit medals and eating McDonalds. You don't just flip a switch and go 0 to executing dissenters in the street like dogs overnight. 
I know, which is why I said "if you buy into the theory...". Like "if you buy into the flat earth theory". You don't buy into things that are certain. In fact it's not typically used in the positive sense at all.
¿Que? 
Now that's a meme I haven't heard since... 
Anal [For the Children]
Someone [already did all the work for you](https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/7kmsyi/erections_and_depths_of_world_of_warcraft/)
Chromie must be into some real freaky shit. Especially if you buy into the theory that she's actually a dude since her dragon name has a traditionally male suffix (Chronormu) and is thus a guy polymorphed into a female gnome for his humanoid form. 
Eh it's a very realistic track though. The spunky rebellious child of a rich ruling family grows up and assumes a position of power and privilege to protect her cohort's control. 

I would have preferred it if she had become like a great architect or something in building the city putting her metalwork to use. Her daughter could still be a cop. Maybe Toph would have had some friction with her daughter because she was such a fucking narc, and then disappeared into the swamp.
Looks like it might be time to come back and play some Overwatch again. Crack out my Mei play and Mr. Freeze puns. 
Shake Shack is extremely overrated imo. 
Why is his profile picture in greyscale but he has specifically highlighted his blue eyes?
Uhhhh, one of the Tsarnaev brothers got shot in the street like a dog and the other is getting the death penalty. 
Tucker is still a racist moron who is a mouthpiece for a fascist but when he's right I'll give props. We shouldn't be getting any more involved in Syria than we already are. A couple days ago I was predicting war with Iran with Bolton coming in and KSA/Israel suddenly burying the hatchet, but I guess the powers that be decided Syria would be easier to sell.

I imagine that could lead to Americans getting killed by "Iranians" in Syria, and suddenly the war spills over into Iran.
I sure as shit haven't gotten my Soros check yet.
Is that from him addressing the UN? Didn't that happen in February of 03?
Now that's just not true, they had Hadji from Johnny Quest.... oh
Well la-dee-da Mr. Parent of the Year
tfw Toph is your favorite character but then she becomes a pig
>the black

Dude 
She's going to get absolutely smashed in red areas of Upstate. Some lesbian city-dweller who won't give a shit about Upstate is how they're going to spin it. 

I'm cautiously optimistic, she talks the talk but as someone from Ithaca, though I no longer live there, people from the City aren't necessarily given the benefit of the doubt that they care about *all* New Yorkers.
Just wait until we go full *Altered Carbon* and the ultra-rich can literally live forever in their sky-palaces. 
They say partisanship ends at our shores, at least as far as not giving a shit about Palestinian lives. Apparently. 
I have a feeling it was a rhetorical flourish and the poster is not really talking about acceptable civilian casualties in a flippant reddit comment 
That movie is decidedly mediocre. It's not awful imo but in the genre of white journalists write things, it doesn't compare to All the President's Men or Spotlight or any number of movies. 
If I was Travis I would take the Actor feat, then spend my next ASI rounding out Cha (19 to 20) and Dex (up to 12) for a boost to AC and initiative. Actor plus mask of many faces is buhhhhroken
If you've gotten into weighing the severity of different *rape scenarios* you've gone way off the reservation. 

I mean damn it's not like theyre talking about someone borderline at 16 or 17 (as in legal in many states but still pretty fucking gross), this is a 14 year old for Christ's sake. 

Stick with people who can legally buy alcohol. 
I think the real question is [what are the rules of animorph sex? ](https://youtu.be/iP-2tGXEoEc)
Remember when Sam Harris just talked about atheism and didn't get into trying to prove that black people are stupid with questionable science?

Man, those were good times.
We should have just given them Montana.
We are ALL Vox writers on this blessed day.
\>hoping to move to America because it is an ethnostate that purged itself of cats

Fievel is fash tbh
It is not, it is a Hollywood thing. Can't advertise sneakers to people if your characters aren't wearing shoes indoors now can you?
It's not a huge play like that but a personal favorite of mine is the [Zack Dumas hit against Auburn](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gUk7KbaiTPw)
Running JT Barrett again and again and again and again and again when we had absolute studs at the RB position.

:/ 
I hate these fucking arguments.

>The 2000 election can be blamed on 5,000 Nader voters in Florida, rather than five people on the Supreme Court, or, you know, Al Gore

It can be all three simultaneously. In close elections, any of numerous factors could be the thing that throws it another way. I hate when people go back and forth with "So and so didn't win because of this one factor!" "No, it was this other factor!" You fuckers can both be right and yet be so fucking wrong.
Cane's or gtfo. Buying an extra toast and sauce is good praxis
No it's not, you literally buy them. Just because you can only train those schools normally doesn't mean you don't have a spellbook.
How do you dunk on that which dunks itself?
*PAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWLLLLL*
ngl when Joel started talking about Jugglers I was getting into it.
Is your child white?

[   ] YES [   ] NO

Do you have a 529 for your child?  
[   ] YES [    ] NO [    ] WHAT'S THAT?

That's pretty much all they'd really need tbh
The past two Presidents both won on a populist, labor focused message. Obama in 08 really fucking railed against the excesses of the Banking industry and the collapse of the economy, and Trump did talk about bringing back jobs. Trump focused on blaming black people and immigrants, but we should be working on building the Democratic Party around labor. I want to see people who are thinking about running for President out there with the teachers striking in Kentucky and Oklahoma, I want to see them talking about expanding unions. A general strike is probably too much to hope for, but we need to see a lot more of what we're seeing from the teachers.

tl:dr socialism will appeal to Obama/Trump voters if you focus on labor and keep your focus there. This all wraps in really well with the corruption stories coming out of the Trump Administration *and* the obscene tax cuts that were just a smash and grab by the rich.
I won't vote for either in the primary. I'm fucking done with the Boomers, Lovett has been right and hasn't been going hard enough on them imo. I'll vote for whoever the D is in the general, but in the primary I'm looking for someone younger and further left. I'm not saying they have to be full on socialist (though that would be nice) but someone who can run on a populist labor message and actually *mean it* is what I'm looking for.
I had literally no idea what you're talking about and had to google that and I still don't remember it. 

I'm also not on twitter so I avoid a lot of the toxic nonsense. 
Abby really has no chill which I find hilarious. She is forced to join Environmental Club as punishment for smacking a kid with a lunch tray, tries a bake sale and goes "I have an idea, how about fuck this?" and goes 0 to eco-terrorist *real quick*.
Back in *my* day we used to pop a bunch of quaaludes and then drive places but you kids these days are so stupid with showing how your oro- and nasopharynx are actually connected by snorting a condom. 


Seriously though why is that one specifically bothering people? It's the same as someone doing it with a string which I've seen people do plenty of times. 
Or imagine someone in the liberal side of the media, like Joy Reed, just *laying into* some kid who is at an anti-abortion rally. Name and shame, talk about how she failed math this year, just really fucking destroyed some white Christian child who was just protesting abortion. 

Holy shit, Fox would go *nuclear*.
Seriously. All its going to be is theories and art anyway so it's spoiler city. 
Right? It really seems like they can't help themselves. Everyone was unsure of what to do for a while but once their media started attacking him everyone knew it was OK to personally attack a 17 year old. 
Capitalism is trash don't @me
Not only that but the Parkland kids got Florida to pass gun legislation.

[*Florida*.](http://www.al.com/news/index.ssf/2018/04/florida_man_dies_after_eating.html)
Mechanically it makes sense why you can't buy cantrips but flavorwise it doesn't really make sense. If you're going to Primary Magic School, the first types of spells they might start you with would be things like Prestidigitation, Light, Dancing Lights, maybe Message. Certainly some teacher taught you how to do it, I imagine they've written down their teaching methods even if it's not a literal spell scroll.
Also a distinct possibility. 
Thanks
Drunk college kids and Irish townies fighting. 
A well balanced breakfast doesn't mean pancakes *and* toast, fatty. Carbs aren't the bottom of the food pyramid anymore. 

"I'm on a diet I need my 8 servings of *bread*"
"You'd (can't read this) your way to polytheism if you could!"

btfo
I swear if the primary is Hillary, Biden, and Sanders I will lose it. Now is the time to be handing off the torch to younger Democrats not electing some neolib or even Sanders, especially since they're all like 500 years old. 
The only way that strategy works at all is genocide. Nobody to seek revenge if there are no survivors. 

It's not a very viable tactic though. At least not anywhere that isn't a Civ game. Not to mention unconscionably evil. 
He's a fucking fascist. 
When 3 people hate eachother and are similar in power, you've got a real stalemate. 

Until 2 of them bury the hatchet in the 3rd person's skull. 

KSA and Israel are suddenly bffs. We just sold a whole fuck ton of weapons to KSA. Jared Kushner is showing the PDB to MBS (allegedly). MBS is meeting with American celebs and being rehabbed in the media. John Bolton is National Security Advisor. 

We're about to go to war with Iran. The only question is if it pops off before the 2018 election or the 2020 one. 
tbh I think even just him being in the primary did that. He forced Clinton to adopt further left planks into the DNC platform, and he energized a younger voting bloc that has a more positive outlook on socialism. He wasn't able to shove the Dems as far left as he could as President but he did move the needle some. 
Real hot take she's got there. 
Unitarians are a bunch of dirty hippies too they'd probably be pretty cool
You won't die... except for that guy who got executed while begging for his life and lying on the floor. 

http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/ct-daniel-shaver-police-video-20171208-story.html
Trump *did* win using a populist message. He's not governing as one and anyone with two brain cells to rub together should have been able to see through his bullshit but I can understand how someone could get from voting to Trump to nodding along to socialist movement rhetoric. People know that something is wrong, but Fox and Info Wars have convinced them it's immigrants and black people causing the problems, not the rich and the capitalist system itself.

Obama also ran on a labor message in 08 during the economic crash and ransacking by the banking industry, and you had a fair number of Obama/Trump voters in the Midwest. 
Hey now I live in Little Brazil it's pretty ok. We've got Jack's Abby which is neat. 

Traffic out here is just as fucking awful as Boston though.
I have this feeling that pretty fucking soon we're going to end up at war with Iran in alliance with KSA and Israel. Bolton at NSC is a fucking huge red flag and this sudden rehabbing of MBS doesn't feel on the up and up either. 
\>not using move-attack-move to stay behind 3 quarters or full cover against a bunch of archers

[laughs in drunken master]
Collective bargaining with the ability to strike raises *everyone's* pay.
I would have ripped into her for saying the coloreds and the whites should be separate.
The left has *not* been causing conservative movements to circle the wagon with Nazis and religious extremists, you fucking people have been doing that since Nixon *at least*.

Physician, heal thyself. Don't blame it on people telling you you're being a fuck.
Except no they were called *Anitfaschistische Aktion*. There were many other anti-fascist groups of the communist, socialist, and liberal varieties. I'm not up on my Weimar era partisan violence though.
The number of people I see bringing up Tide Pods and now snorting condoms is ridiculous. Didn't like only 3 people go to the hospital for the tide pod challenge? Yeah it's fucking dangerous as all hell but I don't think many people actually did it.

It's like every other thing people accuse teenagers of doing that nobody really fucking does. Like the concept of "lipstick parties" where all the girls wear different colored lipstick and blow a bunch of dudes so their dicks look all rainbow and shit. Sounds like something a pervy local news writer came up with when he saw a bunch of teenage girls walking around in makeup.

inb4 a bunch of comments about how lipstick parties are *totally* a real thing.
Porco Rosso and Kiki's Delivery Service are my two favorites (not for loli) because they're fun as fuck. Grave of the Fireflies is good if you want to cry because that shit is devastating. 
People ask me all the time where I get my ideas and arguments from

I read zombo.com

I watch zombo.com

I listen to zombo.com

Because anything is possible at zombo.com. Anything at all. The only limit *is yourself*.
Brilliant. 
Their employer had to agree to allow them to do a card check? Damn, I'm glad I live in a state where you can just do that. I've been quietly agitating for a union at my PT job while I'm in school but I don't really want to go all-in since I'll be leaving soon and the rest would have to deal with the fallout. I wouldn't mind being the point man to take the heat because I'm leaving but it would have to be the decision of those who will be there long term. 
Take off that fucking hat and those sunglasses and put a pocket square in for a little color and you won't look like such a fucking dork. Then go support a local tailor and have a suit made that actually fits you rather than some $150 outlet clearance rack suit sewn together by Chinese children with their teeth. 
Can the President even deploy the Guard without the local governor's consent? I'm fairly certain he cannot. Though I'm doubtful any governor along the border is likely to tell Trump to fuck off. 
ngl my first thought was Ireland, then I got to the machetes and was unsure. I started to think maybe somewhere in Latin America, maybe fucking West Virginia who knows.
That's a good one I'll try to remember it lol
Mommy Tina was raised by Slavs and a Roddy Doddy, she can't help herself but say Hey Hitler while dropping big words. Just get her started on gypsies.
They might be good people at heart but if Congress comes out and says "we're phasing out Social Security and Medicare but grandfathering anyone over the age of 50" you know their generation will nod and think "well it's for the best, can't pay for it can't let the country go broke over it."

Because when Paul Ryan pulls that shit that's how he'll sell it. They'll bribe the Boomers to fuck us one more time.
I might have gone with [Chopin's Prelude in E Minor](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ef-4Bv5Ng0w), that song just screams I want to die to me.
Restaurants. They may have an online application, they may do paper. Same with retail, though they'll definitely have an online application. If you find a local enough restaurant, especially if you've been there as a customer enough, they'll pretty much hire you on the spot. That's how I got like 3 different food service jobs lol. 
They aren't big fans of FTM trans people either because they see them as gender traitors. And also men, which are bad. 
This is because we died back when the Mayan Calendar weirdos said we would, and are trapped in a mass hallucination as we slowly drift further and further from our last contact with reality. 
And ruined the economy multiple times. And have really fucked with earned benefits like Social Security and Medicaid, in time for them all to die and us to be left holding the bill. 

Oh also starting a bunch of wars that Gen X and Millenials had to fight. 
Kneeling quietly during the national anthem. 

"how disrespectful"
Plus wasn't this kid 20 and she's like 17? So he's at *least* two grades older than her if not 3, and he hadn't been a student for a couple years now. How much can an underclassman really bully a senior? I don't remember interacting with many underclassmen unless they were related to someone I knew or were in stage crew with me. 
It's only going to suck the most for people coming directly to the BCEC area from the Airport. Everyone coming in on trains will be at South Station and can just walk. If you want to go via the T from the airport it requires two transfers just to get to South Station. 
Yeah but dude have you ever tried dreaming on Alpha Brain I mean bro...... did you see that video of a chimp ripping off a dudes face? 

Jamie pull that up. 
The Declaration of Independence is not a governing document and I'm sure the residents of DC, Guam, Puerto Rico and other such places would *love* to find the constitutional clause that says you can't be taxed without being represented. So if you have one I'd be interested to hear it. 
And I so wish this weren't true. I loved in Germany knowing *exactly* what I was going to be charged before going up without doing any math. 

I used to think we could make the switch and people would be adult enough to realize and not freak out about "rising prices" but after working retail I know people are dumb as fuck so that's definitely not true. People would flip a fucking shit.

Thankfully I work liquor where tax *is* included so at least as an employee I can see a tag and tell people exactly what they'll pay rather than have to math it. 
So far the charges against Russians have been Defrauding the United States. Their argument is essentially that they gave donations in the form of information and psy ops or whatever to the Trump campaign (illegal from a foreigner, and also an unreported campaign donation) as well as criminal charges for not reporting the campaign donations. This way they can also charge Americans with the same crime, or at least Conspiracy to Defraud, if they knew about it and didn't report it.

This is all from memory and not the googles so feel free to look it up but that's close enough to get the gist.

I'm also not sure why Mueller telling Trump he's not a criminal target according to Trump's lawyers is seen as proof positive that he's not going to be charged. I'm not saying he *will* be charged, I'm never shocked to see the rich avoid charges, but it's not like the FBI or special counsel have to be truthful. They lie all the fucking time, especially to suspects.
Propaganda works, shocking I know
Untested, but doubtful. The President can probably be *indicted* while in office, but whether he can be forced to stand trial until his term is up I don't know. Probably not, otherwise any state that has beef with the President could try to find a way to gin up criminal charges.
[Black ass mama, white ass daddy! Mulatto butts! Mulatto butts!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwzL23asWGs)

that's pretty fuckin' bad though for real. Next he'll be calling his Asian friends Celestials.
Goofs are on the rise! 

[Jim Cramer BUYBUYBUY intensifies]
Next they'll be thinking up things like places you can go to borrow books and other media both for entertainment *and* educational purposes. 
And to be fair probably also high af. I can't math when I'm stoned either.
Solidarity, strikes, throw a bone in there and baby we got a stew goin'.
miss me with that bullshit
Yeah dude delivery services not through the actual restaurant are a nightmare. The restaurant I used to work through did delivery through  a similar local service, and they were *always* fucking late. And these were paid employees for that service not just randos who decide to deliver food whenever they want. We'd get an order and they wouldn't show up for 2 hours sometimes. We'd end up having to make the food again because it had been sitting under the warmer for a while.

People would call and be like "yo where my food at?" and I'd have to tell them "it's right here, you gotta call the delivery company because we don't have anything to do with that. They suck m8 sorry".

And this was obvious that it was delivered via a 3rd party and not us by way of how ordering it worked. Or should be anyway, it's not like we did some bait and switch.
How about people being dumb as fuck? [Lil Pump failing at math](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PiZAtSPSR0)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KlDq04YDJ6Q
Birth is the #1 precursor to death.
Every time I feel down I watch [Gary Johnson get booed for not being libertarian enough](https://youtu.be/ZITP93pqtdQ) and I feel better because that shit is hysterical. 
\>not having your first time be in a sex swing

Degenerates
Butt stuff, maybe? 
Don't let the perfect be the enemy of the good as they say.
I don't even have mirrors in my house on the off-chance I catch a glimpse of my own dick. That's way too fuckin gay man.
I could have told you you were a manchild, bro. Would have saved us all a lot of effort. 
PC levels never really translate well to NPCs but if there are high level NPC casters able to cast high level spells they may as well be considered equivalent to high level PCs. Presumably a warmongering Empire with access to a (presumably) high quality magic school would churn out pretty powerful Magi. People who survive long careers in the magic corps or in academia probably are capable of acts of magic equivalent to what a high teens level character could do.

 I mean they were able to use magic to put up a force barrier and hold up a whole building this is obviously a pretty high magic setting. Wall of Force is a level 5 spell and you can slap together 100' worth  of wall so to hold up a giant tower that would require at least a couple level 9 Wizards at a minimum. 
I'm not convinced that the average Golden Corral in Middle America isn't already a CIA black site. 
Probably preferable to taking a header on concrete.

There's a saying in medicine that is mostly appliedto old people but is pretty universal : "There are two types of fall heights. Orthopedic, and neurosurgical". This one probably would have cracked his skull like an egg.
I fucking hate when OSU wears alternates. Hate it so much.
The new movies came close to a sort of woke moment when they went to the casino and that one character (Rose?) was like "the only business in the galaxy that gets you this rich is war profiteering" or whatever.

Shockingly (not shockingly at all) this is one of the main scenes that people writ large hated.

If I could rewrite TLJ (spoilers from here on out I guess but whatever), I'd keep the first half or so exactly how it was, then when Rey and Ben Swolo kill Gollum, they actually do team up to try and end the war and form a new force religion but the military industrial complex of their universe won't let it happen, and in the new movie they start out on the run from both the First Order *and* the rebels.
I'm still holding to the idea that Caleb is a deserter from the Dwendalian Empire's Battlemage corps. So it's entirely possible he recognized that Battlemage. 

Also I think those might have been Storm Sorcerers whcih would make amaze Battlemages for an empire. By 18th level (elder archmages for the Empire probably are that high level) they can fly when fucking ever, they can cast hella lightning bolts, conjure elementals, all sorts of crazy shit.
He had more than just the liquor and weed in his system, I'm like 95% sure he was going to the bathroom (he definitely left a couple times) to do coke or some other upper.
All I can picture is [this guy](https://youtu.be/lnMCEHxBzO0)
I mean tbh if I only had to suck one dick a month for free rent.... I'd really *really* consider it. 
Sounds like a good YouTube series. Except you'd probably have to actually host it on a porn site to be able to do it. 
Feeding Golden Corral to someone should be considered a war crime by the Geneva Convention. 
I saw a related video was "ten worst cities in Iowa" and I thought "there are more cities than just Iowa Fuckin' City?"
I hate doing that because then I'm getting rid of all my 5s. I usually just ask for change from the office if someone tries to break a $100 on me in the first half hour of my shift or something. That way everyone is happy. And also some people will be like "you're gonna make me wait literally 2 minutes? Fine I'll use card or this $20 I had"
Ugh brand new bills are the bane of my existence.
I mean you're not gonna get an argument from me that we shouldn't be sending children off to die in wars either. Drafting 18 year olds right out of high school was obscene.
So what you're saying is the party needs to drown Fjord like a witch to find out if he's a deep scion. 

Except now Matt gave him armor that makes it so he can't drown, protecting him from the party's one way of discovering him! Clever, clever. 
Haha yeah it basically does. It's a 50yr bottle of Glenlivet and for the history of it I think it's neat but ultimately I can't imagine the level of out of touch capitalist you have to be to think hey today I'm going to buy a bottle of liquor that comes out to $833 per shot
Someone get Willy Guthrie on the line! 
I mean I work at a liquor store where we have a $25,000 bottle of scotch and dozens of products in the 4 figure range and we only had to do a piss test, and we all know how foolproof *those* are 🙄
Wegmans requires a hair drug test to be hired for a job, which is pretty goddamn ridiculous if you ask me but I do like their cereal. 
Feminists and macho men are natural enemies. Just like feminists and men, and feminists and women, and feminists and liberals, and feminists and other feminists! Damn feminists, they ruined feminism! 
Blast some [Pete Seeger](https://youtu.be/5iAIM02kv0g)
Jesus dies at the end of the Bible. Don't worry, he gets better. \#MadLadSpoilers
So, diapers that are produced in those countries then "finished" in the United States and sold at a massive upcharge as boutique products?

new idea: "All American" Adult Diapers with liberal slogans and images on them to make the libruls so angry when grandpa shits on their thoughts. Boomers will eat that shit up.
Timothy Olyphant is amazing in comedy. He killed it as [the white sushi chef in The League](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2XRbE1buM7M).
You mean like the gig economy?
Brilliant post, saved for copypasta next time I see some bullshit about Hitler making the Jews give up their guns
Somebody pull up a fainting couch I feel distressed! 
I was gonna say, how do you boycott someone who hasn't been relevant since the late 70s.

ps TIL Ted Nugent only ever put out three albums. 
Voodoo. Maybe the Thieves Guild is so pissed at the rogue that they've made a deal with a Hag to haunt her. 

>
Nightmare Haunting (1/Day): While on the Ethereal Plane, the hag magically touches a sleeping humanoid on The Material Plane. A Protection from Evil and Good spell cast on the target prevents this contact, as does a Magic Circle. As long as the contact persists, the target has dreadful visions. If these visions last for at least 1 hour, the target gains no benefit from its rest, and its hit point maximum is reduced by 5 (1d10). If this effect reduces the target's hit point maximum to 0, the target dies, and if the target was evil, its soul is trapped in the hag's Soul Bag. The reduction to the target's hit point maximum lasts until removed by the Greater Restoration spell or similar magic

That will really light a fire under them. 
Forgiveness is God's to give not mine. Rick Wilson has just as much dirt on his hands for the current state of the GOP as anyone else. 
"I'm not a racist or a misogynist I just think white people should be in charge and women don't belong in the workplace."

[the fuck](https://media.giphy.com/media/YI7V1N6hZ61TG/giphy.gif)
Same man same. Played with a Clan through Kali. That shit was intense.
An *hour* for lunch? Well la-dee-da Mr. Man of Leisure About Town
One time Urban Meyer came in here and sat in this chair. I said Urban 'you hang out with JT, just between me and you, how old is JT Barett?' You know what Urban told me, he said "Hey. JT Barett is 137 years old." A hundred and thirty-seven years old!
The Sun never sets on the British Empire but McDonald's breakfast menu do
I just want a picture of a gotdanged hot dog
Not in Ubekibekibekibekistanstan or wherever the fuck this was filmed.
And I thank you for your service
Well argued, quite the thesis you've got there. Where are you published? 
thank mr. skeltal
So this list is culled from the Umberto Eco essay on ur-fascism, rather than trying to format it for reddit I just took a screen grab.

https://i.imgur.com/J0pm7m4.png

Trump hits the first 8 *easily*, 9 and 11 maybe not so much, but 10, 12, 13, and 14 are dead ringers as well.

Trump *is* a fascist.
They call it the Young Republican
The Clintons are old, the Obamas have *decades* to go where they can be vilified as giant liberal bogeymen pulling the strings. I'm not surprised they would do this, it's their playbook. 
A lot of my contemporaries are dead or permanently scarred because of those wars. We spent a lot of blood and treasure playing nation builder in the Middle East and still fucked it up. 

And we're going round again with Bolton at NSC when he should be facing the rope. 
Trump has been a fascist since we started this horror show and it's only been the courts and our institutions that have kept him in check. If we lived in Latin America or some other country with weaker governmental systems he'd probably be wearing a medal laden uniform and demanding we call him Dear Leader. 

Of course if we had a Congress that actually did its job he wouldn't even be president anymore. 
I see this kind of shit all the time from people I know from when I worked as a paramedic, which is a critically underpaid profession. So many people bitching that restaurant workers were organizing to demand more pay, because "how dare these burger flippers ask to make more than I do saving lives!"


Shit drives me up a wall. If the minimum wage is 15/hr, nobody is gonna work EMS for minimum wage when they could be much safer flipping burgers so *their* pay will rise too. Or you could organize and demand better pay. EMS has its own issues where they're the stepchild of medicine since it requires a lot of knowledge and a certificate, but not a degree. If they required an associates or bachelor's they could charge a lot more for their labor. 
If peeing your pants is cool then consider me Miles Davis
Remember: Emma Gonzalez wearing a jacket with a small Cuban flag that predates the Castro regime means she's literally a communist who wants to murder political enemies. 

But! People who fly the Confederate battle flag are just proud of their *heritage*, you Yankees wouldn't understand. 

[Dismissive wanking motion intensifies]
Ain't that the truth. I'd rather spend a couple hours at work picking up an extra shift to coin a level 1 character up, vs spending many days worth of playing grinding away at leveling an alt.
That's a bullshit meme. It's far too early to know how an entire generation feels about anything, and lets see how that shakes out after fucking *Trump*.
I think Matt gave it to them because it was actually a pretty clever way of going about it with the wine stained cloak and the barking guard, but you're right that a passphrase and a unique signet of some sort are much better security systems.
All valid points, I was being kind of tongue in cheek since he literally used the same phrase in the interview probably should have put it in quotes. I like him alright as an elder advisor but Biden shouldn't be running for any office anymore. I don't know if Biden considers himself a Third Way democrat but I'm not really interested in trying to work with the "center" when centrist Republicans are far right and the "far right" are a bunch of extremists.
You should probably contact local news you'll get a bunch of foot traffic to come see the "miracle"
I'm glad he managed to get some real recognition before he passed. The documentary about him is heartbreaking.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VEBKjdDiHIA
Sounds good but man 12-24 hours? I wouldn't want to leave a pot on my stove unattended that long so unless I was still working in a restaurant and could start it in the morning and package it before going home, I don't think I would be making this at home. Unless you can cook it for a few hours then let it cool, then cook it for a few hours when you have more time then let it cool, but that's gonna have its own issues with introducing chances for bacteria to get in it.
I'm sure it's delicious but congee looks like a big bowl of snot to me. Like something you'd see in the Matrix or some other sci-fi apocalypse setting where they eat very nutritious slop.
Graham crackers > saltines imo though both work, I just feel graham crackers are easier to do dry. It's one of the things hospitals give to patients coming out of surgery that's gentle on the stomach to check if they can stomach food before giving something more substantial.
Rekt
Leveling in vanilla was amazing because I was a teenager with near unlimited time and it was all brand new. Now it's just tedious to me. 

Also, original Vanilla had so much goddamn walking long fucking distances that it added a ton of time to everything. Not nearly enough graveyards and flight paths. Remember when Camp T didn't have a flight path so if you wanted to walk from Crossroads to the southern part of Barrens for a quest you're gonna be walking quite some time. Better pray you don't die. 
I'm hoping that's changing. It seems like the March for Our Lives is really energizing the newest upcoming generation. 
So wait. Because Amazon is lobbying (like every fucking mega company does) suddenly the Washington Post has to what, have all of their reporters register as lobbyists because the same guy owns two very different companies? I own a car and a motorcycle but that doesn't suddenly mean I have to wear a helmet in my car. 

This fucking guy
Did you hear Matt quietly respond "Five", because he did. 
I still think Molly should have been a College of Swords Bard. It would give him effectively the same feel with a much more urban social character, mechanically speaking. Especially since he played a Matt Mercer original last time. Though I get why he and Marisha wanted to show off Matt's creations and tap into whatever world lore he's built around them already. 
Biden is great for a party elder at this point but he absolutely should *not* run for President. He is far too old and while his liberal bona fides are unquestionable, he is a product of a different generation. We need someone a lot younger and more forward thinking. I liked Bernie over Hillary in the primary but I would have preferred a viable candidate who was younger than either.
M00N 4 EVER
The best drinking game I ever played was called Battlecaps. You sit around a table with bottled beers on the table and a pint glass with a full beer in the very center. You all agree on a set height in the room (everyone needs to be sitting for this to work), say the height of the top of the windowsill. In turn, each person takes a bottlecap and throws it up in the air. They *must* go over the marked height, but *not* hit the ceiling, and then the bottlecap must come down and land on the table. If any of those conditions are failed, the thrower drinks. If the bottlecap lands on the table but does not hit another players beer, I think they could give away a drink to whoever, and if it hits another players beer the player who the beer belongs to has to drink. Including empties. If it lands in the pint glass, you chug it.

As the game progresses, more and more empty beer bottles litter the table and it becomes very easy to hit one or multiple bottles on the way down. Or completely fuck up the throw as you get drunker.

There's a reason I don't completely remember the rules.
It's like $5 a bottle. *Nothing* you can buy at $5 a bottle is what I would consider wine. Things like Sutter Home are mostly spiders anyway.
Are you Jewish or just her family? Because that makes a pretty big difference. I can't read Hebrew for shit but I'm also not the littlest bit Jewish. I can do the chhhh sound tho so that's like half the battle.
\>Wisconsin

it checks out
Girl your hand placement is all fucky. Get your thumb inside the frog not on the outside like that. Use the tips of your fingers not the inside of your fingers. Your left hand wrist shouldn't be flexed like that you're gonna develop a repetitive stress injury playing like that long term. Straighten that wrist, use your chin to hold the violin your left hand is for playing. Elbow out, now again! *One, two, three, four...*

[every violin lesson I had as a child]
They literally don't make em like they used to
Water is plentiful. *Potable* water is a different sort of fox hunt all together. 
Or at least the commenters are 

https://youtu.be/Ji-cT58rgNc
And a big fat booty on a ding-dong *POST*
Amending the constitution the way the political climate is right now is risky as *fuck*. I wouldn't want to try. Also, it drives me up a wall how the NRA and others act like repealing 2A means they're gonna get their guns taken. We don't have a constitutional right to a car yet there's one sitting in my driveway right now. I'm not against the idea that firearms should be a privilege not a right, but that's way too big of a hill to fight for when according to *D.C. vs Heller* there's a lot of gun control laws that are possible within the confines of 2A. 
Pulled from the March for Our Lives mission statement:

>Specifically, we are working towards…

>Universal, comprehensive background checks

>Bringing the ATF into the 21st century with a digitized, searchable database

>Funds for the Center for Disease Control to research the gun violence epidemic in America

>High-capacity magazine ban

>Assault weapons ban


That took me literally 10 seconds to find. Honestly it took me longer to write this post. You could have googled it rather than spewing a bunch of nonsense and smearing a kid. 
My great grandfather used to make 50c a day picking bouillon from the bouillon bush. 
According to Myrtle the Turtle we shouldn't be appointing judges during a president's last year in office so... 
That's how protest works, people get inconvenienced until things change. 
We need more, stronger unions not less. Don't buy into the bullshit corporatist anti-union narrative. I think national card check and labor reform should be two huge planks in the Dem platform going forward. Millenials are far and away more pro-union (it's something like 70% pro) than any other recent generation. 
I mean he got rejected by a handful of UC schools but as an out-of state student that is just par for the course. It's hard enough to get into UC Berkley as a resident let alone as a kid from Florida. He *did* get into Cal Poly which is a fantastic school so he'll be fine. 
I've had someone literally ask me if a half dollar coin is worth 50 cents. Which is still really ditzy but a grown adult who hasn't once interacted with *quarters?*
yeah odd. I wasn't seeing them, now I am. In Firefox
I would like to subscribe to this timeline.
If everyone loses their only loss of the year to VT, then VT goes undefeated and gets into the playoffs.

I'm on to you Hokie, flair up
tbh I'll probably just mute the stream and pull up a Twin Elms YouTube clip lol
I'll be honest, I really am not a fan. I liked the chillness of the PoE song they used to use. This one is way too loud and busy for a waiting around song I have to turn it off. It's not a *bad* song, it just doesn't fit imo. 
Now that you say that it does sound like a bit of Macsplaining lol
Ooh definitely interested in their hot take on Killer Mike
See what you did there was you looped it. Too much throttle, popped the clutch. Gotta cover your rear brake if you're gonna try and do whoolies, those high displacement engines can get out from under you quick
Oddly enough, in the state of Massachusetts the age of consent is 16... *unless* she's a virgin.

>The Massachusetts Age of Consent is 16 years old. In the United States, the age of consent is the minimum age at which an individual is considered legally old enough to consent to participation in sexual activity. Individuals aged 15 or younger in Massachusetts are not legally able to consent to sexual activity, and such activity may result in prosecution for statutory rape.

>Massachusetts statutory rape law is violated when a person has consensual sexual intercourse with an individual under age 16. The age of consent is raised to 18 if the victim is ""of a chaste life"" and the offender induces them to have sexual intercourse. 
 >If you haven't seen Campaign 1, and you are following Campaign 2 live and participating in discussions about it?  Your options are, regrettably, to either forfeit concerns about Campaign 1 spoilers, or to not participate online while you are catching up. 

tbh people in general all over reddit have an oversized sense of entitlement when it comes to not being spoiled. Don't go on r/starwars and then get mad you found out that Darth Vader is Luke's father, right? Granted CR is a *lot* of content to digest if you're trying to catch up so I understand but still. You go to a book club and haven't finished the book you might find out how it ends. 
Huh well TIL
Even if you don't inform the original drafter  of the changes? That seems highly unlikely. That basically means when you get a lease if you can get your landlord to stop watching you while you read through it you could edit your rent and if they don't notice then you get cheap rent. Seems like that's not legal. 
You should just put her on speaker and mute the phone so she can rant her heart out lol
Well he's *definitely* not finishing his books so might as well. 
Yes, 100% yes. I think we should make national Card Check a big part of the democratic platform. 

Full disclosure I may have gone down the protest folk song rabbit hole earlier today listening to [Pete Seeger](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5iAIM02kv0g) so I might be a little worked up but this article is right up my alley right now.
I love the idea of a revolution arc. Down with the ruling class, power to the people \#solidarity but yeah level 3? No thanks. I'd keep a much lower profile for at least another two levels maybe.
Clone High Abe looking a little haunted. I wonder what happened to him after graduation.
... sure
That's fair. I know it would be cliche but LMM playing a bard would just be too perfect. He could literally play Fantasy Alexander Hamilton if he wanted to and it would be fantastic. Maybe once the revolution comes and they have to form a new government for the fallen empire.
Been dealing with it for a long time. It's whatever. Thanks though.
You know that hot couple with the lifting dude and Travis/Laura are totally gonna swing
We are all on the spectrum on this blessed day.
I mean the one that was basically "how much does Caleb masturbate huehuehue" was a little much but compared to d-d-d-dedicated wam these weren't bad at all.
NO. No Pat Rothfuss on CR until he finishes Kingkiller 3. Shackle that man to his fucking desk if you have to. Or dangle a role on CR in his face as a reason to finish.
End Stage Renal Disease. Your kidneys are responsible for managing your phosphorus levels, and colas are high in phosphorus. Dialysis doesn't filter it as well as your kidneys do, so too much of it will cause calcification in my soft tissues and eventually serious permanent damage. I already don't control my diet as well as I should, cutting out dark sodas was easy though.
Brian is a much better writer than that anyway.
Pepsi > Coke, but Mt. Dew >>>>>>> Mello Yellow (or none at all and just Sprite \*shudder*). Therefore I'm always happy to see a Pepsi machine. I can't drink dark colas for medical reasons and am a caffeine addict so Mt. Dew is my jam.

Also, RC Cola is literal garbage, though their root beer is aight
I think I read she got fired, sadly. A true martyr to the cause. 
Dilaudid gives me chest pain. You're not supposed to push it fast on anyone but there's quite literally no speed to push it that doesn't make my chest and back feel like I'm getting kicked by a particularly ornery horse. I don't really know why, never had an issue with any other pain medications except Tramadol. 
I don't remember the exact dose but I responded once to a "skilled" nursing facility for low O2 sat and we found an elderly gentleman who was altered and not breathing very well, come to find out he was on a *reeeeetarded* amount of vicodin *and* was a dialysis patient who had missed his previous treatment due to "feeling sick".

Like yeah fam no duh you are just this side of dying. I gave him some Narcan and he spit at me so you know that was nice. 
It hurts like a Motherfucker but sometimes can be corrected with a little manipulation and not require surgery. If you really get it twisted though my condolences. 
Only other one member of the band, [it's a duo.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUPyVAdbnag)
/u/Delta_Assault gave you a great answer but I want to plug one more link: [Battletech Novels in Chronological Order](http://www.stargazerserv.com/csv/btech/battletech_novel_list.htm). A few years back I read damn near every book on this list until the Mechwarrior books. Many are skippable, so what I would suggest is start with the *Warrior* series (Birth of the Federated Commonwealth). Read in order through the Jade Phoenix Trilogy. Then make sure to read anything written by Stackpole, and google the synopsis of other books to see if they have anything interesting. Don't skip books about the Wolf's Dragoons. Then read all of the Twilight of the Clans books. I think the last books I read were the Capellan Solution books.

A lot of them are out of print but can be found on websites that share .epub files
Goddamn am I looking forward to this, though I very much dislike how the only Battletech/Mechwarrior games that seem to get traction are the ones that happen from a Mercenary perspective. Give me Twilight of the Clans era politics. Or even the breakup of the Federated Commonwealth. 

I fucking love Battletech's world lore and I really hope the people who wrote this game treat it with care. I'm not really sure what the fuck the Aurigan Coalition is (its what her nation is labeled on the map), maybe that's from the later ages of Mechwarrior books that I never read. Or maybe they're plugging in some new kingdom in the periphery that isn't a core power of the Inner Sphere.
Like I dunno QM matchamaking. I'm tired of any time I pick a mage I get matched up with 3 other mages against a team of all dive heroes, but any time I pick a tank each team has 8 tanks. Like goddamn, spread the wealth around a little bit.
I was expecting a car crash tbh. Like "omg look at how beeeautifu-" **SMASH**
That introduction needed to last at least 4 minutes longer with a really obnoxious EDM track to go along with it DONT FORGET TO LIKE AND SUBSCRIBE GUYS AND IF YOU WANT TO SUPPORT THE CHANNEL CONSIDERDONATINGITOTHEPATREEEEOOOOONNNNNNNN
As the great Mr. Ford [once said](https://youtu.be/Xq7Vm4wM2p4), "All Americans want is cold beer, warm pussy, and somewhere to take a shit with a door on it."
What is it about this song that you like specifically that you want to find more of? Just the sad soulfulness of it? I might recommend something like [Martha](https://youtu.be/y9Mse62NFl4) by Tom Waits, but he's a much different kind of singer than Bill Withers. 
You all should check out the cover of this by [little hurricane](https://youtu.be/NOEgx8vFYdQ). It's a killer
Gandalf was no wizard, [he was a high level fighter with the magic initiate feat](https://www.reddit.com/r/DnD/comments/3jpksw/gandalf_was_really_just_fighter_with_int18/)
We *need* to repeal the House Reapportionment Act of 1929 which capped the number of state representatives. Massively expand the House which will give many more seats to populous states like California and New York, while also giving them more electoral college votes. Stabilize the House and the Presidency, then deal with the antiquated Senate. 
This fuckin guy lol
I've literally been called to a diff breathing at an SNF and found a cold dead guy. I went out to the nurses station and was like "what did you say his O2 sat was when you called? Cause that dude been dead."

Kill me before I ever end up in a place like that because it's gonna kill me anyway. 
Can't go against the grain in the Weekly Chromie Hate. 
You already spent 13 years studying K-12, now you party for about a decade and then sleep walk til you die.

Sounds pretty accurate to me.
How about this. Unstoppable breaks time traps, and maybe a slight delay on activation. In exchange, Time Loop ult overrides anything that isn't an explicit shield or stasis ability. No more Genji ulting out of it, no more Junkrat ulting out of it, no more tracer recall, none of that bullshit.

Deal?
Zaryas love to feed Chromie stacks too. nomnomnom
Watch Chromie. When she goes to cast her W, don't do what you were doing. Go a different way.
I think you're missing the forest for the trees. That man was obviously a slave of Lolth, the Demon Queen of Spiders, who was attempting to spread her children far and wide. Corrupting your store must have been part of her plan, perhaps to act as a forward base of operations. 

You did the right thing. Well, 8/10ths of the right thing. You should have burned them all with holy fire but we'll let it slide. 
That girl is a hero to me. Every time some customer gives me grief I get that much closer to pulling the titty power move. 
Fuck that, call the cops
I never have but I bet I would be really good at it. 
So that's where all the spicy tuna ground tuna comes from. Spooned out rib meat. Mmm.
http://i.imgur.com/Ixa3q.jpg
That would be a real bummer end to the campaign.

The Gang Gets Executed for Treason
I think Jester has the Noble background which quite literally has a feature where she's treated like she belongs by the upper crust. She can get meetings with important people, that kind of thing. Not only is Molly a Tiefling but he's basically a gypsy too. Even seeing a human all done up like that is going to make a snooty person turn up their nose. Even though Jester wears armor in combat I always picture her on the town as wearing sundresses and such, very fem looking and non-threatening
Yeah, he talks Miggs into killing himself for throwing cum at Clarice. 
I know that feel. Not worth making a separate post about it but just yesterday I was ringing through a customer (I work at a liquor store) and she sees a bottle of Chianti ring up at $17.99 and is like "No, that's 10 dollars! That's wrong". I tell her that usually doesn't happen, and I'm pretty sure it's not on sale she probably just saw the wrong sign or something. She's like NO I'll show you. So I suspend the sale and put her stuff aside while she goes to check.

She comes back a minute later carrying the shelf tag for Brand Chianti at $10.97. I pick up the bottle that she had grabbed, and it was Brand Chianti *Riserva*. This means it's a higher quality version. I explain this to her, and she huffs "Well, it was on the shelf there so I want you to give me the lower price." I explain to her that I cannot, as that would be selling alcohol under cost which is illegal in my state and probably every state. Additionally, I doubt our staff stocked the product in the wrong place, more likely that either someone picked it up and put it down in the wrong place or *the correct sign was right there next to it and she's just stupid*. Of course she demanded to speak to a manager, who thankfully backed me up and politely told her to fuck off.
I mean they were still called Lights when I quit smoking like 3 years ago so it hasn't been *that* long.

Marlboro Reds are fucking foul anyway and nobody should smoke them. American Spirit gold or sky blue for me, Parliaments when I was in college.
"Excuse me, I'm going to go ahead and call the police now because what you're doing is a crime. If you wouldn't mind just stepping aside and waiting for a few minutes, I'll take these other customers in the meantime"

They'll leave
The missile knows where it is at all times. It knows this because it knows where it isn't.
"I can smell your cunt... *m'lady*."
*Some* might say buying a steak from what's effectively the crossroads between a gas station bathroom and a 24 hour meth market is risky.
[Ted Cruz?](http://i.imgur.com/QGsJ8bS.jpg). Homeboy looks like he's been hitting the buffet pretty hard since losing the primary.
Marco's is the best chain pizza fite me irl.

Hungry Howies is alright too. Donatos can suck a dong.
[When the Feds find out you texted that girl](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6SC-KleaUBc)
That's fucking hilarious.
I think I generally prefer just the traditional dungeon crawl to the RP Epic but some people just gotta learn what works and what doesn't. Every DM goes through the "why won't my players take my game seriously" feeling, eventually they'll learn that *nobody* will care about their homebrew world as much as they do. I know our DM wants to have a "more serious, RP heavy" campaign next go around and he's a big CR fan so we'll see how that goes but I'm not expecting him to be able to herd cats in that direction forever, especially since none of us are actors.
Also as a possible build: Hexblade Pact of the Blade with Improved Pact Weapon invocation. You can change your hexblade into a longbow and use your cha mod for damage for it. It's a bit redundant though since you'd have access to Eldritch Blast, the best range damage cantrip in the game. 
Yes please I hate standard time. Give me daylight time all the time. I'll easily take a late sunrise over an oppressively early sunset in the winter. 

I also want New England to move out of the Eastern time zone and into the Atlantic. I used to live in Ohio, moving from the trailing edge to the leading edge of a time zone sucks. 
Did anyone else think of [The Rock of Gibraltar](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tu1ZpF0bzMg) when Jester started reading Tusk Love? I hope smutty romance novels becomes a repeating joke.
Ted Cruz has been stress eating like a motherfucker. I guess betraying every principle you have including failing to defend *your own wife and father* can cause one to feel a little down.
I love Tina's erotic friend fiction
This is what my Brazilian buddy has told me. Brazilian Portuguese is close enough, plus with what Spanish he picked up in school and working in food service, he can speak pretty good Spanish for basic stuff. He seems to be able to understand Mexican, Guatemalan, and PR Spanish pretty well (since those are the people I've seen him interact with) but according to him people from the DR speak in a weird dialect that is practically impossible to understand.
I would have called the cops myself *way* before she did. The second she starts trying to climb that counter I'm pressing assault charges. Homey don't play that shit.
I don't understand people who listen to music on their phone's speakers while walking around a store. Same with people who facetime others while shopping. I don't get that at all.

Put headphones in like a fucking human being and then take at least one earbud out and pause your music when interacting with people. Don't be a total savage and just be blasting your music for anyone to hear. This isn't the 80s and you don't need to be carrying a boom box around with you.
STR is really common if you grapple a lot. Last time I DM'd was Curse of Strahd and my party fought a lot of vampire spawn and vine blights which grapple constantly. 

So it depends on what your DM throws at you. Wis is definitely huge against casters though. 
God if Laura wants to set tumblr on fire she would have Jester get caught writing fanfic of Jester and Fjord.
I think that would be entirely up to the DM, but I would rule if you're a young adult X you become a young adult Y, by whatever scale that may be. Though *true polymorph* I would also rule you can make yourself any age you want to be.
I hope this becomes like the Lusty Argonian Maid where Jester keeps finding new sequels to Tusk Love everywhere and embarrasses Fjord with them.
Marvel found a way to harness fanboy autism into viral marketing, just by throwing out some [obvious bait](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/013/604/thisisbait.png) and everyone memes it up. Whoever thought that up deserves a raise.
Definitely the porno version of BJ Honeycutt.
I got it right away. But I also had a customer today come through with a fake hand so
I am legit disturbed by how little attention I see going to this in my social media circle. John "the Iraq War was not a mistake" Bolton is a fucking war criminal and should be facing the rope at the Hague not getting a job in the fucking White House.

We're definitely going to all die in a nuclear holocaust.
Yup. Don't give them the choice. If they want to throw a tantrum they have to throw a tantrum and everyone else in line is going to call them a cunt. I know I would if I'm a customer behind that.
I don't get that but my liquor store training for an active shooter was run, hide, fight and the video for fight showed a guy literally HOLD A KEG OVER HIS HEAD and prepare to throw it at the shooter. Like, sure. I'll just throw a keg at a guy rather than idk a fuck ton of glass wine or liquor bottles. getting brained by a bottle of Russian Standard will hurt pretty fucking bad too and I can actually throw *that*.
My money is on magically talented boy from extremely poor village gets shanghaid into the Empire's military, which he eventually deserted. Possibly because he took part in some dark shit like burning down a village Vietnam War crimes style, or his squad was corrupt and turned on him and he burninated them. 
'Member all the way back in 2016 when Hillary Clinton was the warmonger who was going to start World War 3?

And now *John fucking Bolton* is NSA. We're definitely going to go to war with NK or Iran. He wrote an op-ed in the WSJ *less than a month ago* titled [The Legal Justification for Striking North Korea First](https://www.wsj.com/articles/the-legal-case-for-striking-north-korea-first-1519862374)
Germans and their porn man. 
sub plot where the Mighty Nein convince the simulacra that they are slaves of the prime and must break their chains. 
Did Fjord give up *Mask of Many Faces*? I feel like he hasn't used disguise self since the sailor. 
Ah so as an almost exclusive edible user (my lungs don't tolerate a ton of vaping or smoking anymore) I'm not just gonna fail a drug test I'm going to set off the fucking fire alarm. Wonderful. lol
TBT to protesting the start of the Iraq War in high school in 2002 with No Blood for Oil signs

And now John "The Iraq War was not a mistake" Bolton is NSA.
Oh man you want some fucked up heroin shit? You ever seen [*Christiane F: Wir Kinder vom Banhoff Zoo*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IG06RaXb3i8)? I've never done heroin but I hear it has the most realistic depiction of detoxing off heroin. Also, soundtrack by Bowie including a concert performance scene.

oh apparently [the whole movie is on youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dwYa-Qkv6mg) lol.
If you're looking for another bingable filthy comedy, check out Big Mouth. I thought it was absolutely hilarious.

[trailer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTC7wQMHHEA)

Aww. I wish my gcc liked being wrapped up, he *hates* it. 
"Acting" cabinet members can serve for 6 months I think? And then they can probably just stay if Congress does nothing about it because Republicans sure as shit aren't going to enforce any sort of rules.

Also, this specific position is *not* Senate confirm-able. So basically this is awful, he's putting a Bush era flunky who *still* thinks the Iraq War was a good idea in as NSC Advisor  and he's definitely gonna start a war with North Korea or Iran.
"I rolled a halfling stripper bard... am I good?" - Griffin
Jesus the dude trying to buy a date he needs to just get a hooker. You can pay a lot less and get a hot girl who will fuck you. Or a *lot* less and get some ugly girl to fuck you. 1 grand to find a <26 year old real relationship? That's an expensive way to go about it.
I legit love the world building of John Wick. The Continental and the assassin's politics.
Or as Jerry trying to start some shit, but Molly does legitimately seem like the most likely to just take the blame for something if he thinks he's doing the right thing by doing it. It's an interesting mix of highly ethical and mischeviously chaotic. 

Molly actually reminds me a lot of the Priests of the 13th, the Crooked Warden. From the Gentleman Bastards books. Their mandate is:

- Thieves Prosper.  
- The Rich Remember 

Seems very Molly. 
I wrote my congresswoman and senators about it
Conan the Barbarian barely spoke. He could quite literally play a foreign barbarian who speaks very little common so just keeps quiet a lot. Or a mystic or hermit background something with a doesn't speak quirk. Then you just have to work out the mechanics of how to play the game without talking. 

Do you (OP) sign? You might be able to find an ASL group with Deaf players. 
Yeah but everyone *knows* Molly is shady with a heart of gold. Ron is much more uptight seeming. Molly is the party's cool mom, Fjord is their more stern dad.
A campaign world where great, now everything is ruled by Satan but the players just buy into it.
Lift looks like Emma Watson with a pretty severe case of jaundice
Oh man I would have called the cops well before 10 minutes lol. When I was a manager at a fast casual Mexican restaurant, we had some big roided up douche tool (looked like Guy Fieri except *jacked*) started yelling about how we forgot his guacamole in his take out order and how we always do that and blah blah blah. Bitch, I packed your shit *myself* and I know for a fact I didn't, but I gave him some more guac and like, a $10 Gift Card just to get him gone but no he kept yelling. After about 20 seconds of that I'm on the phone calling the cops. 

It was a bunch of girls, a pregnant woman, an old Vietnamese cook, and me (a pretty scrawny nerd dude) on staff. None of us were gonna be able to fight this guy if he went ballistic without using the knives and I wasn't down with that lol
¿Por qué no los dos? 
Da tovarisch, good shitpostink!
I like his deep dive into Vietnamese boner pills or whatever the fuck he's into, it's hilarious to me. 
One time I drunk purchased an entire country ham and didn't remember it. That was quite the surprise on my doorstep a few days later. 
That's because "Hollywood Values" doesn't refer to actors but to Jews and gays. Like "New York Values".
If drug dealers know they're going to get the needle if they get caught dealing drugs, we're going to end up with a lot more dead cops in shootouts because no dealer will go down without a fight. 

Simply put, the GOP are pro dead cops
What if he's evil but doesn't want to be? Maybe he's a former military wizard who participated in some fucked up shit and really regrets it, hence the ptsd and history with fire. Maybe he was part of a pogram against halflings or absolutely burninated an entire fucking goblin clan or something. 
Spoiler embargos of more than like a week are imo way overkill and people get way too uptight about it. I wouldn't go to the Star Wars subreddit and expect not to find out that Darth Vader is Luke's father (omgspolersnooooooo) and then get mad about it. If you like something and are really anal about spoilers I see two solutions: A) Stop perusing media related to the product until you're caught up or b) deal with it. 
What kind of armor and AC did Scanlan have, because he was *never* depicted as wearing any armor at all except maybe a padded jacket. At least as far as I remember. Maybe Matt lets them play fast and loose with armor where flavor trumps rules and he just gives them the higher AC as if they were wearing the appropriate armor anyway. As long as its not ridiculous like claiming plate AC while nekkid. 
Elder abuse and abuse of medically dependent people is so common. This would have been about a decade ago now but I can *vividly* remember from my medic student clinicals in the ER seeing an elderly patient brought in and her entire right flank was necrotic flesh. She was just sobbing in pain. Poor woman had been horribly neglected for a long time by a nursing home. I still remember when I left the room how absolutely *furious* the medics who brought her in and the ER staff were. It was seriously just so tragic. I really hope she survived and made some sort of recovery but idk, depends on how deep the wounds were I guess. 
aka what almost any blue comic with fuck you money is gonna do. Colleges don't pay that well, Hannibal didn't need to bend over backwards for their rules. 
If Molly was some sort of fae creature those bandits would be surprised to find out they're in a very serious debt for that piece of gold and their lives on that night. Infernal creatures are big big big on contracts too so it's possible that kind of thinking has come down the infernal bloodline to Molly.
I have no advice beyond "I dunno just sit down and try and figure it out my dude" I'm just here to say that track straight 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Oh my god your title gave me vietnam flashbacks to my current liquor store job. I work Front End mostly, and we have huge shelving units behind our line of registers that we stuff with empty wine and liquor boxes. Our policy *used* to be that we would only give boxes to customers who had 6 or more bottles. Seems reasonable, right? That way there are more boxes to go around. Well, management can't be having things be *reasonable*, so they changed the policy to anyone who wants a box gets one, no matter how little product they bought or even if they *bought anything at all*. People come in all the time and go "I'm moving, can I grab some boxes?" and I have to grit my teeth and say sure you can take a few, and they inevitably fill a shopping cart piled high with empty boxes.


Now we constantly get complaints on busy days about how "you people *never* have boxes anymore, I want my wine in a box! I have to drive home!" Well thems the breaks when we're taking in a box with 12 bottles of wine but sending it out with 3.

People and their boxes, man.
You say that now, but watch what happens when you give a woman a piece of jewelry in a bright turquoise box as opposed to something else.
That Hexblade life. Don't want to wear Medium Armor for flavor reasons but can't survive being front line in light or no armor.

Gotta get that Mage Armor invocation or spell I guess.
Will the real slim Karen please stand up?
Interesting, thanks for the update!
Exactly it was a very reasonable, friendly accommodation. On the flip I used to have a customer who was more fucking anal than any customer with allergies because her husband was a "super taster" and anything that wasn't supposed to be in his food he could taste and would flip out I guess. I always pictured him as like domestic abuse level awful about it so that I wouldn't blow up on the woman for being crazy about shit. 
We used to have a customer who would call ahead and ask us to prep some buffalo sauce for her son since we usually kept it in a well right next to some peanut sauce and he was allergic to peanuts. I always appreciated the heads up, we'd just make an 8th pan of sauce real quick and then keep it in the hot box until that customer showed up nbd, rather than scrambling for it later.
There's a reason I put it in quotes lol.
Plus, and I'm too lazy to go finding the blog post about it so take this with a grain of salt but, black people don't get swiped as much on "normal" dating sites. OKCupid puts out blog posts examining a lot of the math behind what works and what doesn't, fascinating stuff. One of the things I remember seeing is that *across the board*, people are less likely to respond to black people than other races. And if that's the case, it makes sense you might go to a site specifically aimed at black people and people who are interested in or at least completely neutral on the concept of dating black people.
GOOD point. 
I live in MA and we have annual inspections, but when I had my old car I would just go to one of the Brazilian shops in town and have them do the inspection, because they gave *no* fucks. They'd let a lot of things slide.
Chef, we've run out of plates and the dishie is backed up, what do I put these plums on? 

Dude just grab some fucking sticks from out back I don't give a fuck just *get it gone*.
My cousin "invented" a pillow ring he could put over his plate for thanksgiving so he could lay his face down and eat like the Goddamn animal he is. 
A totinos pizza roll
One time I dropped my big ass CRT monitor on the way to a LAN party. That was a real fucking kick in the dick. 
The song at the intro makes it sound like it's gonna be a horror movie.
If OP likes his or her job otherwise, I'd avoid going to the boss and go directly to the labor board. It's a bigger fuck you to the boss but you're less likely to be retaliated against if he doesn't know where the complaint came from. 

It all depends on whether OP likes their boss, thinks they're reasonable and likely to adjust with just OP's suggestion, likelihood of retaliation, etc. 
Is it possible they were mocking the way the customer requested it? Because I've definitely done shit like that. Pronouncing cognac as cog-nack or using a hard L in tortilla. I've heard some really awful pronunciations from customers. 
Probably that mixed with it taking a fair amount of time to go from raw to perfect and then a rather short amount of time from perfect to barely edible to charred remains of a firebombing. 
I swear growing up my school only closed it the superintendent slipped in her driveway or couldn't get her car started because we *never* closed.  Granted I grew up in upstate NY where if we closed every time we got a little snow we would never have summer break, and we had a lot less traffic than Boston area cities do to take into account when making these kinds of decisions. 
Cane's is a college drunk food classic, and their chicken fingers are amaze. Make sure to get an extra sauce and some Texas toast. So good. 
I've never used them but I think Indochino has a show room in Boston. I'm pretty sure I've heard them do ads on Pod Save America where you can get a pretty cheap custom suit.

IDK if anyone has any experience with them that wants to chime in but it might be worth looking at. 
He's pretty damn tall and dumb as a box of hammers, it's certainly a possibility.
The article said the kid was 17. And it's not that the app just changes their age, they don't allow people under 18 on the apps. I'm pretty sure you have to go in and change your age on facebook to use them. 

I could be wrong though I was well past 18 when tinder became a thing. 
Write my webzone if you want a pizza roll
I suddenly remembered my Charlemagne. 'Let my armies be the rocks and the trees and the birds in the sky'
Leave room for Jesus! 
[vietnam flashback of 2 qt of salsa in the bottom of a 22qt cambro]
[you know how you know it's not?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SeCbLUuCNRg)
Ugh that blows. Any of us can do quantity at our store but it's a liquor store so people will buy dozens of the same thing on the reg. It would greatly decrease our efficiency if we couldn't do that.
Ugh, music in porn is like laugh tracks on TV shows. It's the fastest way to get me to turn something off. 
It's good for your skin? 
I'm pretty sure I saw that show in Vegas
Next they'll do a genji load screen with a really fucking loud clip of that [kabuki yooo sound effect](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E1wcuoxs4mU)
Except Mommy Tina had dem big ol honkers even back when, Elyss got cute little handfuls but Tina's tits would eat hers for second breakfast
Yellow definitely looks like he's about to ask if you want to do a fuck ton of benadryl and jerk off together
IIIIIIIII'm not afraid of ghosts, I'm not afraid of sharks, I'm not afraid of cancer, I'm *just afraid of snakes!* They really freak me out, where are their arms and legs? It's not OK!
One of my mildly tinfoilish fears is that. We're headed down a path that leads to the collapse of modern medicine. Imagine a world where we just don't do surgery anymore because it's too dangerous, because no antibiotics work. I'm hoping someone comes up with some new antibiotics or like, nanobots or some shit but I don't know how many if any pharma companies are working on new antibiotics.

MRSA is a motherfucker and everyone has it.
Honest to god I'd use my employee discount (I'm assuming OP gets some sort of discount) and buy them all myself out of fucking spite then sell it on ebay.
I have a rewards card for my grocery store and one for my pharmacy, and that's it. I don't give my phone number or email out to anyone, anymore. I honestly should switch to straight cash but my laziness still trumps my paranoia.
Oh my god, the number of people who will tell me that X is this price, when I know for a fact it isn't, and then they drag me back to its homespot to show me and oh hey look, the price they're quoting is Product Y right next to it. Kills me. Like you were able to read the price but you didn't read the name of the product quite clearly printed right there on top of it?

Also, some of our products come with a 10% discount if you fulfill certain criteria, so a lot of our product has two different prices on it with an icon indicating the discount. Every single day I get people quoting the discount price at me when they see the full price come up. They just see the lower number and instantly snap to that without for a moment thinking to themselves "hey why are there two prices on this?"
So it's a tax on old people, basically? Because nobody under the age of 40 thinks of the BBB before thinking of Yelp or just Google reviews or emailing the corporate complaint line.
This is one of the few perks of working in a liquor store. We *cannot* sell alcohol below cost. There's basically no margin on beer or the big national brand stuff, but we have margin on other stuff. Even then we don't have a ton of wiggle room, so people don't try to pull that shit.

Also the fact that if someone is being super belligerent I can always say something like "Ma'am I think you've already been overserved so I'm going to refuse the sale and ask you to leave." Also telling people we're gonna call the cops if they start getting snippy about a refused sale, that's always fun. Our managers will calmly explain for about one minute before they pull out the "we've already refused the sale, you need to leave or we're calling the cops" 
Several years back now, two of my buddies in college were running for Pres/VP of Student Government. They weren't in a frat though so they stood no chance, but it was still good fun. We went to the debate, and the rest of us got a little tipsy. At one point, one of the other candidates was talking about the subject of textbook costs and he's like "Maybe we should have some place you can go to rent out textbooks for a period of time and return them for a small fee?" and I said much louder than I had intended "you mean a library!?" He at least had the decency to look embarrassed for pretending to invent the concept of a library.
Courtesans are prostitutes but not all prostitutes are courtesans. It's like how a square is a rectangle but not all rectangles are squares.
Plot twist, it's not food. It's Sysco.
Unfortunately in the moment Laura didn't insight check him. 
yeah if he does play in a home game I can guarantee Matt doesn't DM it. DMing CR is already a full time job on top of his VO work and cons and press and everything. 
You know how normally Matt and the minis are smaller boxes on the left, and the two player cams are bigger on the right, basically like the normal set-up always is? Instead they made it so Matt and the two player cams are shoved into small windows on the left, and the mini window is huge on the right. It's absolutely pointless and awful. Minis don't move on their own, so they're static for most of the fight.

It looks [like this](https://i.imgur.com/cIlqRJ0.jpg). I really hope this isn't some shady G&S attempt at driving people to Alpha by making the free twitch stream demonstrably worse. It already has lower quality cameras, we don't need intentionally bad layouts.

If they at least made it 50:50 it might be tolerable, or 60:40 the player way but 60:40 to the minis is really bad.
They often mention on Talks about how they have home games too which are probably more goofy and dungeon-crawly than the epic RP tale that CR tends towards. 
Caleb said that ~100 gold is more gold than his family had ever seen in Ep9. So unless he was lying in that moment, he's no noble. 
Confront her in character, stand up for yourself. Here, I'll start you off. Next time she makes some snide remark and your character is around to hear it, walk up and ask her to her face "what's your fucking problem, treehugger?"
Zealots are totally Valkyries though, especially since she's Aasimar. She will take us to Valhalla.
A bunch of shepherd druids who focus on summoning to just flood the action economy
This lady who the Republicans have targeted for baseless attacks for years draws a bunch of ire, who would have thought!? 
The bird equivalent of hugs is nuzzling. My GCC will press himself into my beard and just chill there. Sometimes he even purrs (kinda) which is adorable. 
Let's be real, there's no such thing as a fair fight against an epic level wizard. Any Archmage worth his salt has dozens of Simulacrum whose only job in the morning is to use divination spells to find out about any threats that might attack today, and if they find something they narrow it down and figure out exactly what's going to happen then react accordingly. Their tower will be warded to to shit. 

The best way to kill a high level wizard is to get someone else to do it. Convince the King that he is in imminent danger, and that he should immediately send his entire army to flatten the wizard. 
Zone of Silence wouldn't prevent a Contingency Teleport, I don't think. 
Daggers are 1lb per the PHB so they're probably not the giant old school daggers. 
Minis are only useful for positioning. You shouldn't have to check it often to know what's going on. The new set-up is really awful. 
Yeah the close up doesn't do it for me. I'd rather watch the players. 
I think Sam went for it specifically because she grabbed something to eat.
Yup. Also telling people not to send him scarves but to send them to a veterans group
Honestly I'm kind of seeing him as very mildly autistic mixed with some PTSD. I'm hoping Caleb turns out to be a veteran or a deserter. I'm guessing the Empire doesn't let wizards just walk away.
Trans women aren't gay (unless they are) but [*traps* are definitely gay](https://i.imgur.com/Kg2z24s.png).
It's giving sorcerer class features and a bunch of other strong benefits to the PC at the cost of a single attunement slot. I wouldn't do it.
First scuttling a "don't let 13 year olds marry their rapists" bill, now this. Y'allqaeda is alive and well in Tennessee 
Tucker's Kobolds is only illustrating that if you think *tactically*, CR doesn't matter. Don't stand and fight like the dummy British, hide and skirmish like the American Revolutionaries. Move-Attack-Move plus cover mechanics is an easy way to fuck over parties. Kite the party into traps. Every turn you attack and back up, keep the party at range. Bait them into traps. Bait them into rooms you can seal off and fill with gas. The point is the party has to come correct.

I suggest watching the WebDM video [Combat as War or Sport?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9a_84LKiyAs). They go into this with how hardcore do you really want to be. Do you want your party to all get to do some cool shit, maybe have a little risk, but in the end they get to be the heroes. Or do you want your party sending 40 attack hounds into the kobold cave and then using 20 hired crossbowmen waiting at the entrances to massacre any fleeing survivors.
Rithmatist sequel when.
Lift needs to find a boy who will ride Heelies with her through the mall snacking on Auntie Anne's.
Rip the seat out of a busted Combine
If it makes you feel better you can think of it as the cat just seeing the room as an empty box, and per the If I Fits, I Sits Theorem of Cat Living, Pepe decided to sits
We have the best democracy you can have in the 18th century. Been quite some time since its had a significant patch. Even Riot works faster. 
>I'm not advocating hitting children

[I will](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KlDq04YDJ6Q)
> council of elders

Congress?
She took your picture? Man, I would go ballistic if some customer did that to me. 
Shoplifters will be obliterated and have their atoms scattered on the surface of billions of Suns to be tortured for eternity.
It's huge but proportionally speaking it looks more like a chode
Please tell me this is an old comic and someone didn't draw this a day after the man fucking dies?
I had a medic instructor who had seen the same thing. Compressions were enough to get the guys BP high enough in PEA but as soon as they stopped compressions he would fall unconscious.
Instant abortion? Could partially explain why the elves are dying out. Too many pregnancies terminated in the first few days without even being aware they were with child 
Not according to XGtE, it's not quite that cut and dry. One of the infernal parenting options is 1 human and 1 devil. Plus this is Exandria, not Forgotten Realms. Matt can do whatever he pleases.
It's this or Strong Belwas
Great video. Someone on /r/youtubehaiku is definitely going to turn it into a meme though and you'll be hearing Shooting Stars or that yelling gay cowboy song come out of it. Give it like 48 hours.
Not to be confused with Succ A Bus, the discount red light GroupOn
And we should never change the clocks again. 

Also, New England needs to shift to the Atlantic Time Zone. I know that would make watching CR live even tougher but it's a pill im willing to swallow to not be on the eastern edge of a time zone. 
There still has to be starts to Tiefling/Aasimar lines but yeah the source can be generations back and it just... happens.

Though I do want to play an Aasimar that is the offspring of a dwarf and like a fucking unicorn. Just the weirdest Goddamn creature ever. Rainbow beard of course
My theory is that her mom is a full blood succubus, and can true polymorph or otherwise entirely conceal that she is a devil. So her mom is entirely infernal but looks human, but her half human daughter doesn't have the same innate ability so she had to be hid away. 
Haha just start throwing shit like you're a toddler throwing a tantrum or abuela on the warpath with her chanclas.

Tbh I kinda want to play a warlock that is like a stereotypical Latina grandmother. Eldritch blast is just a never ending supply of demon spawn flip-flops
I attended OSU at damn near the perfect time (other than tattoogate, that was rough) got to really enjoy Michigan being a complete shitshow. 
I hope you tell your kids that it used to be a portal to Narnia but it fractured.
I'm the NPC that just wants people to stay awhile and listen. 


No-one ever listens. 
but they have to have *something* to attack. No DM is gonna let you attack the air, so if you don't have a ranged weapon and nobody is in range... 
 Punch self in face to keep rage going, only take 1 damage because you don't have the Tavern Brawler feat. 
If a candidate harms the party because of hubris in staying in and fucking up a jungle primary, they should be excommunicated. The DCCC and DNC should blacklist them and never ever support them for any position anywhere. 

Taking back Congress is too important. If you're polling 3rd or 4th in a Democratic primary in a jungle district, you gotta get out. 
well, Trump's mind is frozen decades in the past because of dementia so it's not entirely surprising. 
Good point. Yeah, fighter 1 then. 
Before you roll 3 death saves. Especially since Matt allows potions as a bonus action. Once those are up you can only be brought back by resurrection magic not just heals. 

If she takes 1 level in Bard or Cleric (both easily explainable), she could get Healing Word and have a bonus action heal spell in her pocket, no need to worry about potions. Only have to worry about getting CC'd or silenced. 
Matt could also rule since resurrection is so core to Yasha's build that her Aasimar vikingness makes her immune to any lasting effects. It would make sense imo
I'm hoping Yasha is some sort of Viking warrior princess who will take us all to Valhalla. Maybe she's a member of a reaving viking clan that is responsible for Fjord's ship going down?
Is this what they mean by so much winning? Just pretend Democrats are Trumpists now, and lay claim to their victories?
Operation Lower Expectations, try not to draw attention to the millions of dollars the GOP put into a +20 Trump district. And the fact that the WH fully campaigned in the district.
And then can be resurrected without material components. Anyone who knows the spell can just say the words and she's up and at em.
For anyone who is curious: [Path of the Zealot](https://i.imgur.com/PeWBbwF.png)
Travis throwing Marisha under the bus lmao.
It's 1014 and the show is completely off the rails, I love Brian.
You're not thinking crazy enough. Neural link to the piano. Take your dumb arms out of the equation, you can play the keys as quick as you can think them.
And they're operating in a nation of harsh religious persecution for those who follow the banned deities. They're ripe for a religious revolution.

It would actually be kind of interesting (though somewhat against type) for them to go *super dark* with this. Full on holy war. Collapse of the divine norm and some sort of restructuring.

I don't think they'll go that way, and I doubt that Matt will pull an "Oh no ~~Vecna~~ Artagan is a god on the Material Plane" again. There's definitely some mystery to The Traveler, and I would love if they're a fey (which would make Jester more of a warlock than a cleric flavor-wise, which I'm totally down with editing classes that way), but I'm not convinced they're sinister. They might just be Chaotic. Or even Neutral.

I'd love it if The Traveler is actually a Planewalker, maybe an immortal being (either via magic or divine gift or being an elf) from the Exandria equivalent of [Netheril](http://forgottenrealms.wikia.com/wiki/Netheril). He's called The Traveler because he quite literally travels among the spheres.

Suddenly, the Jester arc becomes Spelljammer.

Please Matt, please. Please. D&D in Space.
When this comment is 3 hours old we will be as far away from the next Talks Machina episode as possible.
As a cashier the only time this bothers me is when I'm trying to walk away for something (like to go get a drink or do a task or whatever) and Grandma Fumbles-Her-Money takes a year to get going and in that time someone else shows up and comes to my line.
It was my mom's idea. She just always wanted a dog named Bob for some reason. We had a family vote on what to name it, and Bob won 4-1 because mom bribed me and my sisters. I think my sisters got barbies and she gave me like a gameboy game. 
Aw, she looks exactly like the Aussie I had as a kid. 

rip Bob, you were a good girl
Live pods serve a purpose, and I'm glad they do it because it drives involvement in young people in these places. They'll be doing more of them as the elections come closer I bet, but as a pure just podcast to listen to I vastly prefer the in-studio ones.
Yeah Rex Tillerson's ouster seems like something that Tommy can do a deep dive into the national security and deplomacy implications, and then on Thursday when the dust has settled a little bit Favs and Pfeiffer can talk about the politics of it. Plus maybe by Thursday we'll have a better understanding of what the fuck happened.
She definitely has room to grow in the ball hoggin depeartment
Even Judas held out for 30 pieces of silver. 
Oh man that hurts me just to look at it. 

Also I sent this to my radiology class, any chance you have the lateral as well? 
What is "properly fund"? 
jfc that's absolutely cruel. 
"We've got the meat" means two different things depending on which you're talking about 
Not calling the man a neckbeard but he has a legendary neck beard.
Alan Jackson's *A Ladder to Heaven*. I would actually pick Freedom Isn't Free from Team America but Ladder to Heaven is good too.
I hate people who scream and applaud at every fucking line. Let the guys talk, listen to what they are saying. Clap if you must but don't try to drown them out.
Better
Shallan - Help I can't stop changing my mind
Vader's mask is a legendary relic that changes his subclass to Conquest. 

Also, this would be a *frightening* campaign. A bunch of evil paladins on a literal crusade against Orcs and Goblins and the other lesser races. Just full on genocide. So, basically Warhammer
50% less in fact. That's got to be worth at least imposing disadvantage on them. 
HTC 10:

ever since daylight savings time yesterday morning, my phone's lock screen has two clocks on it and I can't figure out how to fix it. 
Oh man the end of that reminded me of when I worked in the liquor section of a membership only big box store. Most of our customers were actually really pleasant, but this one time a woman walks up to me and asks if we have any Manaschewitz. I explain "I'm sorry ma'am but no we don't. You might want to check out [actual liquor store nearby]". She looks at me with real anger and goes "No Manischewitz? *Shame* on you!" then storms off. 
I like "oh no, what a tragedy"
When I got promoted to Team Lead (essentially shift manager for evenings) at the fast casual restaurant I used to work at (think a restaurant named for a pepper but not), my favorite things to do were to tell customers no and  when people would say "I want to speak to your manager" I get to respond with "I *am* the manager."

I also allowed a few of my trusted subordinates to claim the same thing to deal with problems if I wasn't nearby.
I subscribe pretty heavily to the idea of the level tiers representing how well known you are. Level 1-5 you're not very well known. Maybe local leaders know who you are, townsfolk know that you're stronk but otherwise you're still under the radar. By the time you're level 5-10 though, You've probably caught the attention of regional leadership. Spies and informants would definitely send it up the chain when they've seen a level 8 wizard wandering around doing all sorts of crazy magic shit. Level 10-15, Kings and many intelligent evil non-humanoid creatures have taken notice of you. Level 15-20, you have the attention of the Gods. By the time you're level 20 yourself you're practically a god anyway.
This bitch don't know 'bout Pangea. 
How many illegal immigrants, without legal work status like through DACA, Do you think make enough money to pay income tax anyway? I'm willing to bet its shockingly few. 
They're called Skilled Nursing Facilities when they're for more medically intense cases. Skilled is dripping with sarcasm, for the record. 

Source: used to work in private EMS, saw some shit
This happens *all the fucking time.* I work in a big ass liquor store (it's yuge), and the number of people who don't understand ID laws is astounding. I get not knowing the temp ID rule, and honestly I've let it slide if the person is like 28+, but a rule is a rule and if I deny it it's done. We also have the same rules about sale-by-proxy.

We also have a rule where if we ID one person, we have to ID everyone in the party. And *everyone* must be 21 to be in the store. So many people will bring an underage friend and be like "oh, she's not buying anything." Did you people never go to High School? Just wait in the fucking car! 

Oh and at our store if we refuse a sale for no ID, they are banned from the store for the rest of the day unless they come back with their ID, and if we catch them with a minor in the party they're banned for the rest of the day no exceptions. 
Yup. At least threaten to call the cops and the guy will leave without his groceries. 
First off, it's complete political malpractice to give up the votes Republicans need on this, even if you agree with them, for nothing. Demand a legitimate, independent director of the CFPB. Demand a clean bill on DACA, something. 

Second, fuck ths bill. Yes community banks need some fixes to Dodd-Frank but $250B means the oversight doesn't apply to national banks and they are the ones that fucked us last time. We just dug ourself out of a depression and we're massively cutting revenue in the form of tax cuts for the rich, deregulating the banks, and it feels like this is the boomer generation taking one last grab at the cookie jar because fuck it they'll be dead soon, and who cares if they leave the younger generation with a collapsing economy and a destroyed democracy. 

I love my parents but I fucking hate boomers. 
Should have ground the gears a little bit too
Aw man I'll take a lot of nonsense from customers but if someone yells at me and wags their finger in my face I'm *gonna* threaten shoving that finger up their own ass. There's a certain freedom to being a part-timer in school.
I'm like 90% sure that's illegal country-wide, and I know it's illegal in the state I live in (MA). The worst I've ever seen is bosses having pizza parties and talking about how unions are really bad u guise when people say the U word.
I've been threatening to unionize the shop I work at for months. Honest to god when I'm close to graduating from school I think I might just as a giant fuck you to the GM. Get a union in the house then flip management the double bird on my way out the door.
Free money, didn't say you couldn't google how to do whatever is tricky about it.
As long as you don't pick The Banker, because [no son of mine plays *Oregon Trail* like that](https://www.mcsweeneys.net/articles/no-son-of-mine-plays-oregon-trail-like-that)
Hard to keep your iron levels high when you're on dialysis, they're always anemic. 
Chromie, Tyrande, D.Va
I don't like Jordan Peterson and Tucker Carlson is a complete hack who is whipping up some fantasy where *men* are under attack, but they're somewhat onto something that *boys* are struggling in primary and secondary school at increasing rates. We also over-medicate hyperactive kids and don't generally support intelligences that are not traditional book learning. It's probably worth examining our education system as a whole to make sure everyone is getting the best educations they can.
We make our druid run any summons over 2 units as groups. So if she summons 8 of something it's 2 packs of 4.
I have this feeling that by "acts like a Republican" he means is white, has a clean cut look, and is ex-mil. 

I've run out of words to call Trump for shit like this so I'm just gonna hit the keyboard a couple times in frustration and call it a day. 


Fjfi D's jdjfhgh RSS ndkdjvjcjf
Oh ok that's a little different. I figured it was for getting his teammate behind him in the blast.
Better to play it safe and avoid using n-words altogether.
I really hate servers with instant ban for team kills. Just turn team killing off if it bothers you that much.
Clopening on DST Saturday for me, yay. At least I've gotten out of food service and am just killing time in retail while in school so it's not *as* brutal as it could be.
I got points taken off once for using the word nor correctly, because "nobody uses that word."

This was in 6th grade I think. I'm 30 and I'm still salty about it.
This just reminded me in my 9th grade class we had journals we had to write in, and the teacher would sometimes give us prompts and sometimes just write whatever you want, but you could request that he not read it and (being the nice hippy that he was) he would actually abide by that.

It got abused a lot to avoid doing homework.
Worrying about soda or ice is really the small time for a restaurant, so that's hilarious. A cup of soda costs a couple cents and they charge like $2 or more for it. Ice is pretty much free. The more expensive thing is renting a soda machine if they have one of those Coke freestyle machines we've got around here, those are expensive af to rent. Normal soda machines or the fountain gun on a bar are cheap as shit.
They put on a great show. And they're how I discovered [little hurricane](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUPyVAdbnag) who I love now.
Get out of here Stalker
Wait if Ioun is a banned god, then that means the Cobalt Soul monks are a heretical monestary?

Cool
Expected *Erika* but this song is good too
Well, on the plus side at least I won't burn 50% of my day waiting in line and then in a several hour long show. Granted that's the PAX Experience but gotta make 1 day worth it. 
They're doing Acq Inc on fucking *Thursday?* Well, shit. I was only able to get one day and picked Sunday (because it was available, easy to get off work, and Acq Inc was on Sunday both years I went), mostly because I wanted to see the Acq Inc game.

Well, damn.
God I know that feeling. If I'm not careful my neutral voice sounds incredibly condescending even when I'm just saying normal shit. 
As someone who works in a liquor store outside Boston, people buy nips of this shit by the sleeve. It's really foul. 

Probably the three most popular nips we sell are Fireball, Smirnoff Root Beer 100 Proof, and Dr. McGillicuddy's Menthol Mint. Why anyone would drink any of this trash IDK but people buy it by the sleeve (10 pack). 

https://www.instagram.com/fireball_newengland/
I love you Dr. Funkenstein, your funk is the best
I'm sure they will I'm  guessing they weren't sure if she would make it tonight and didn't update her card. Or, they want to reveal her choices in the game. 
IDK what a nekko is and I'm definitely no furry, but I play a magic obsessed tabaxi arcane trickster. There are handfuls of us who live that cat life without being weird about it. The only cat things I ever really even bring up at the table are that it's always way too fucking cold regardless of what the temperature is (though she can use prestidigitation to keep her clothing at a constant just out of the dryer setting), and I have a pretty  good hiss if I ever need it but I haven't even had to bust it out. Her Tabaxi mostly shows in her being seen as an outsider and not being terribly well trusted.
Sex worker rights now!
imo it was passable but it could be redone and done so much better. I constantly think they should take over pretty much any old IP that needs a reboot, but the people behind Avatar, Legend of Korra, and Voltron should do it. Or Netflix. It feels like Netflix can do almost no wrong. 
Possible War on East Asia, Watergate, Donald Trump, DNA on a dress, everything old is new again! 
Spaghetti code? ~~Rito~~ Bliz pls
Taliesin was super into the idea of getting nekkid this episode so he could describe those tattoos, and I almost guarantee it's so he can get nekkid fan art of Molly covered in tats.

Honestly it's funny to me what little mechanically "pointless" things become super important to individual players/characters in D&D. My rogue takes her clothes very seriously, an outfit for the job. You don't walk around in the daylight wearing thieves leathers and a dark hood if you don't want to catch hell. She's an Arcane Trickster who dresses like a full on mage.
To be fair, we don't know dick all about anyone's background *really* other than Jester and Fjord. Molly is a liar, Nott hasn't said much beyond that she was in jail with Caleb briefly, basically sleeping off a bender or some misdemeanor shit, and we know Beau is a criminal. Caleb is allowed to play it close to the vest still, but I agree with you he's going down a path that is very Vax-like.

I was really hoping Caleb was a secret noble but he did say in this episode that a couple hundred gold was more money than he'd ever seen in his life so either he's lying, or that background option is out the window. I'm still hoping he's a deserter.
They need to get Caleb into magical therapy like ASAP.
Is it, though?
"Those who choose security over liberty deserve neither" - Jestermin Franklin
They're going to level her with them as far as I'm aware but they might not want to reveal her level 3 choices until Matt has a chance to do it through RP maybe? Or maybe they just hadn't updated her card yet because her being here tonight was a game time decision?
Not all green people look alike, *gosh*.

It's like Kermit said, it's not easy being green. 
I'm really concerned that Nott is going to get caught stealing and get murdered in the streets by a guard. Nobody is going to help revive a goblin thief and none of the players have a resurrect. Maybe, *maybe* Beau has some sort of criminal hook up in her backstory and they could get massively in debt to some shady people to bring back their crew's thief.

It would certainly be a good plot trigger for "fuck the system, burn it down" from Caleb specifically and the rest of the party. Jester already feels primed for a religious freedom rebellion. Fjord and Beau seem to be down to clown and Molly has a real sense of ethical good so he'd probably be down to take down the oppressive government. 
Matt has said this campaign would be much more about the machinations of big political powers, which I'm totally cool with. 
I bet he finds an arcane focus a while down the road and starts to use it. More powerful user kind of thing. 
He probably rerolled his HP when he resummoned him. Seems a very Liam way to interpret it. 
No
I guess that makes sense. Hopefully Ashley just turns the mumble setting down just a little bit. 
My owl familiar has 1HP 
I'm sure Ashley will be able to lock in her character in a few episodes but I really hope she stops mumbling. It's impossible to hear her on my TV without turning it up and then everyone else (especially Jester and Matt) are super loud. 

Wait, and I'm just realizing none of them are wearing lapel mics. But they do on Talks. That's kind of silly, why don't they use individual mics for this? 
Might have been a mix-up because I *think* Jessica Jones Season 2 is out today? I know I saw something with a 3-8 release date. 
Straight outta ISIS
Sam is a national treasure. 
[The neighbor's wife is always on my deek](https://youtu.be/t3A68fJS57Q)
Mighty Nine wage their battle to destroy the evil forces of... The Regular Gnoll
If Nott dies to a city guard I'll be crushed. Nobody in the group has a rez yet and good luck convincing anyone to resurrect a goblin thief killed by the law. 
Communists aren't evil, tovarisch.
I didn't land in Zadash, Zadash landed on me!
http://i.imgur.com/SchZDti.jpg
I have a feeling 3 and the repayment/punishment are the relevant parts.
Go all the way, play [Oath of the Common Man](https://imgur.com/a/kIa7n)
I'm hoping it's a communist revolution
I'm fine with slowing the leveling down tbh. They should probably get 4 pretty soon, but I'm ok with stretching out the low level arc.
Or rogue. He definitely has the Criminal background.
He's a madman
Aw man I hadn't really noticed, booooooo
Sam should go in character and start drinking straight liquor out of that flask.
A lot of people who would only be considered "far-right" on race issues but were otherwise economically or socially moderate were just mainstream back then too. 
I went to go youtube Lin-Manuel Miranda doing the Great Job hand move but I stumbled on [him singing Ignition (Remix) so here's that](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aJifiWJhhLw)
I so desperately want to see Michael Winslow play a Kenku, since all they can do is mimic noises.
I think of it like an Eastern European/California Valley Girl mix
At the end of the game you see the score card with both teams, and you can honor anyone and you don't have a limit. There's a couple different honors you can give out. If you get enough in theory you get a ribbon on your loading screen banner but they were real uncommon in low mmr.
And there's so many options for an individual nom de plume. The Stealer, The Raider, The Patriot, The Cowboy.

But not the Lion.
Hand Grenades. We all know they're effective combat weapons, but you and I can't buy them. So where are all the criminals walking around with hand grenades? If you outlaw grenades, only outlaws will have grenades. I don't see the Crips and the Bloods busting out any M67s on the reg
Rampant corporate corruption, possible war in east asia, and now blaming video games for violence, Donald Trump being (regrettably) relevant in the news. Everything old is cool again. Next they'll be blaming satanists and random disappearances on Dungeons & Dragons.
Not to reddit, or whoever they owe money to. [tinfoiling intensifies]
Plus yoins got them there tornaders to deal with.
Allow the Whites of West Virginia to instruct you on the [hillbilly mating call](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w4aiWXM9FFI)

[trailer for the movie](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Q6G_WqLp1w)
Dude was drinking. The subpoena got to him, he got on the sauce and maybe coke and started being all "FUCK YOU I WON'T DO WHAT YOU TELL ME" to anyone who would listen.
This looks like it was probably really fun to be in but it doesn't interest me at all. Good cast though, so maybe I'm wrong.
Seriously. They had my interest at psychological thriller with like a modern twist on Logan's Run. But then they just turned it into generic Nic Cage gonna save the fuckin day action movie.
Hallelujah
This looks fucking sick
[Get me pictures of Spiderman!](https://youtu.be/HM9X_xcwhVo)
I'm sorry but your home insurance won't cover being a [Doom House](https://youtu.be/SeBjr8Bm_wA)
Sounds very different to the SEL I knew 10 years ago. Then it was filled with the sounds of Asians playing FIFA
Ugh that and licking your finger before counting out the money. Fuck off with that shit.

Also, when people hand you folded up or balled up bills like "here, *you* unfuck this" I find that extremely rude.
/r/clop_clop 
I never watched Talks during season 1 and honestly I thought I would really dislike Brian but he's hilarious. Such a great host. 
Eh. I'm left handed and I still wear watches (when I do which is only when I'm working in a job that requires it like EMS) I wear it on my left wrist. 
[Libertarians, in a nutshell](https://youtu.be/ZITP93pqtdQ).
He definitely has at least a -1 CHA mod though. 
I need to give Malazan another go. I got about 100 pages in if I remember but got distracted by something or other. It didn't grab me like some books but I did like the magic system.
Adolin is the first time player who now that he's gotten a handle on it really wishes he was playing at least a half-caster. I bet he multi-classes pretty soon. 
My grandfather eats his steaks just like Trump, well done as fuck with ketchup. Always has. It's quite awful. 
I think what we're looking at are storm shutters, which are fantastic for wind and also do block out a fuckton of light. 
Even a prize winning show horse gets ridden every once in a while. 
I'm going Glamour 3/Hexblade 17 with a custom background Trouper (basically Entertainer but with Animal Handling, Survival, and Disguise Kit). Strongly based off Kvothe from Kingkiller, 60s Protest Folk Musicians, mixed with a little Shallan and standard pretty boy bard stuff. My DM is letting me consider my Pact Blade as also a Pact Instrument that I got from a fae patron, and I can use Improved Pact Weapon to change its shape.
> DM: Shallan, stop breaking character
> Shallan: My character is 3 different people
> DM: ...

I'm about to spring a Mask of Many Faces Bardlock with the Friends cantrip on my DM in our next campaign. He knows what's coming, but *he doesn't know what's coming*.
I want it to be the other way around. The Ruby of the Sea is an actual full blood Succubus who moves among humans and is known as the most talented courtesan in the Menagerie Coast. She's able to conceal what she is because that's just what she does, but Jester was born a tiefling, so she had to be hidden away. Her mother loves her dearly but she couldn't be seen. Jester's Dad is some important noble in an upcoming arc.
I'm a proponent (and I'm aware there are holes in it) of the idea that the Ruby of the Sea is an actual succubus, or some sort of other lust/love devil. Her mother is able to hide her infernal nature because that's just who she is, but it shines through in Jester so she had to be hid away. The poor devil girl sitting in the upstairs room of the big house while her mother entertains lords and important men, hosting dinner parties and such. Drawing pictures of the parties she never gets to attend.

aw and now I'm sad.
I like how Jester is so supportive of her mother. Everyone is acting like there should be some secret shame from her mother being a sex worker, and a legendary one at that. She's like Helen of Troy who hangs on the arms of Lords, she's not some bent-penny hussy.
The Traveler is John Popper \#confirmed
Pretty much :(
I saw this argument being made on facebook about NRA discounts (If you're celebrating pulling NRA discounts but protested a baker refusing to make a cake you're the problem!), which makes even *less* sense. 
Does it matter? It was a joke. 
"Let me tell you something son. Not too long from now pornography will be widely available on this thing called the internet. Stay single. Live the dream!"
He should have sent you a tip of like 50 silver just for the added burn.
At many tables, he is. If you don't announce it as OOC or switch voices, it isn't. 
When Matt turns to him and he unfolds his arms and holds them up but can't stop laughing to answer a simple question, it's too perfect. 
Voice wise he sounds like a slightly head injured John Wayne imo
Oh my god, I'm laughing so fucking hard at these. Subscribed.

[Best Dad joke ever](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Jnuf9ZclTg)  
[A poem about 9/11](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Z5ucfKroiI) (The eagle represents America? You don't say)
Tell me you hate Zack Snyder too and we can be best friends.
What you'd want to do is use a normal donut base then put pickle icing on top. Work in some pickle juice and chopped bits of pickle into the icing before applying it to the donuts. 
Yup. Chronic cough from lisinopril is a very common side effect (I have it), it's not an allergy. 
That's kind of what I expected from her when she had to intimidation check the bandits for telling them to strip and rolled a 5. A "but seriously though if you don't do as I say I'm going to murder you all"
I'm aware that this could be the case but I'm still hoping that Jesters mom is in fact a literal Succubus. It would make for a great hook into a Hells arc. Or maybe mommy dearest has been bankrolling the party for months and now she calls to collect the debt and requires something of them. 
You uhhh, you spice? 
Narrate what you do, don't try to mimic the noises. "Birdy Bird sticks his hand out to the noble and makes a sound like jingling coins in a pouch, while pulling his sword out of the sheathe slightly"

You'll have to play in the 3rd person a lot to make it work imo
Oh my god now I just want to play a macaw swashbuckler with a pixie familiar. 
How about flushing *old* politicians out of congress? What does an 84 year old Orrin Hatch or Diane Feinstein know about international hacking and life in the digital age? End the Gerontocracy, get some more representative representatives. More women, more people of color, more millenials and Gen-Xers. 
If we want to be able to support the aging retiring boomer generation we probably *do* need more people here.
They're both bulldogs so honestly I'd be ok with their leadership in 18-20, since that's going to be "crawl up in Trump's shit and make him regret he was born" type of Congress. But moving forward it's gotta be someone younger. If I were in Congress I would definitely vote for someone younger for leadership.

End the Gerontocracy.
Or started with an old IBM mechanical keyboard, went to one of those slim line keyboards, then an RGB mechanical keyboard, then back to the old beige IBM mechanical keyboard.
er right goddamnit, so yeah even easier 
Maybe Caleb comes from a magical family and his parents gifted him a familiar? If you can't literally summon a familiar for someone else, they could use a ring of spell storing and just re-up his charges any time he needs to resurrect the cat, until he's powerful enough to have 2nd level slots of his own.
Uhhh shaft. Huhhuhuhuhuh
Empty fireball nips.
But it can change shape with Improved Pact Weapon. My read on it is you essentially absorb the magic weapon into your pact blade
I'm on team Jester's Mom is a Sucubus. It would explain why she's a world famous courtesan.
Or if you have Wish, you just have them Wish for a clone of you so they spawn with every slot. They end up down 1 9th level spell but he. A powerful slot missing granted but it can be done infinitely with (importantly) *no cooldown or cost*. Once you have one simulacrum you can have an army as quick as it takes them to say a sentence each. Much faster than the I think 10 hour ritual? I remember it being a long spell. 
The bourgeois pigs in their pillow castles do not like to be reminded of the plight of the pillowless prole. You only have one head and thus only need one pillow. Anything more is an unnecessary extravagance and a sign that you are not truly committed to the cause. Mother Russia says, "One pillow for one patriot!"
I once worked with a guy who referred to them as "Dirty Butts". Ratchet, uggo trash that you wouldn't take home to momma but who can be fun for a romp. 
PeeNut, my two favorite things to do! 
Whoops yeah you're right. Still a hit in action economy but not as bad. 
Matt is such a merciful DM that he gave the human monk night vision goggles at level 3. It's not like it's game breaking but I might let them struggle a little longer. 

But then again they were burning through Caleb's spellslots for it so I guess it will speed things along if they don't have to use dancing lights so much. Especially if Liam takes the Darkvision transmutation spell. 
Fjord Tough \#confirmed
"Is that sharpie on my peppermill? *Travis Willingham!*"
["You're like a sister to me"](https://youtu.be/7bPbhCWtZmM)
Nott birthday party! 
And now I'm sad
Oh shit Jesters mom is Helen Of Troy level. Maybe she's a succubus?
The Ruby of the Sea, hmmmmmm
I have a feeling that's accurate. At least til they're higher level. 
You had *one* job
Yes, the weapon is magical now that he's Pact of the Blade. It can take any melee (one-handed I think) shape, and if he takes the Improved Pact Weapon invocation he can even make it into a ranged weapon and use it as a casting focus (so he could hold a shield). So he can absorb whatever magic feature it has and transfer it to his falchion, essentially.
Caleb trying to keep fire items away from others #backstory
They can take the magic properties of a weapon and then change its shape. If he takes improved pact weapon, he can even make it a bow. Long range magic weapon procs.
Could just be +1. Liam is killing me with this shit. Caleb can be vague but Liam needs to say exactly what they are.
TELL US LIAM

Also Laura, you can choose to fail saves so you find out what it does.
Gotta stock up on them rituals man. Any wizard who is playing in a moderately magical campaign should definitely have all those low level rituals as quick as they can. Identify, Alarm, Find Familiar, and Detect Magic at least. The rest are imo niche useful but not no-excuses level.
"I require a drink and lumbar support!" the most old man thing said yet
They talked about it in either the last episode or Talks.
\>Flail  
\>Shield  
\>heals allies  
\>ultimate is a spell that rallies and heals allies  
\>passive heals allies

So, Overwatch has a cleric now? Cool beans.
You need to torture them on top of the zone of truth if you want answers. They can refuse to answer or be evasive, but they can't lie. So get the answer you want. 

I suggest putting them in a suit of armor and then casting heat metal. 
He must have mentioned Candlejack earli
My bird likes to perch on my hand and let me bounce water off my shoulder or hand so he's not directly in the stream. Then he'll cuddle into my beard and I give him skritches. 
I have big fat vertical blinds that I leave across the window but spun open. Once in a blue moon he'll still fly into them but it has prevented him from making a beeline straight for the window when he gets spooked. Only had to have that happen once before I freaked out.

Luckily birds are pretty crash resilient apparently. Guess they'd have to be to survive in the wild.
Freon is also heavier than air (so sit sinks to the floor) and disperses quickly, as far as I'm aware. OP should be fine.
How old is he? That rapid head bob looks like the lead-up to regurgitating my GCC does when he gets a little hot & bothered. It's a natural sexual-social thing and while I don't think you want to *encourage* it you don't want to shame them for it either. 
It got posted on youtube as well
Sand filling in puzzle, like from Aladdin. Literally trap the party in a giant hourglass and they have to get out
Any of them will be fantastic. Swashbuckler maybe? I love my Trickster/Wizard so far
I just offered mine up as a hook to anything the DM wants. Like if he wants to direct us to a side quest or arc or dungeon or whatever. Very useful tool. 
Even on open areas, my DM's battle mat is only so big. Super long range shots like spellsniper stuff seems pretty niche. Unless you do douche shit like being a warlock and spending all your movement to run as far away as you can until you're 300 feet away using eldritch spear to snipe at the fight. So far off your mini isn't even on the table. I'd hate that so much as a DM in a Combat as Sport type campaign. If it's Combat as War where any underhanded shit goes, then I'm all about it. 
Oh boy I can see the protests now about force-feeding a bunny. Not sure if it'll be the beautiful at every size people or the anti foie gras people.

Looks promising though, I loved the first movie way more than I thought I would so I'm looking forward to this.
Mechanically sure, character personality and player interest-wise maybe not. The Lawful Good paladin as a classic example might not be ok with breaking into somewhere and stealing something, especially if there's a chance of (doubly so if the plan relies on) an innocent getting hurt or blamed. Obviously you wouldn't want to cut your party out of something if they want to participate that should go without saying. Unless your rogue for RP purposes is intentionally trying to hide their crimes from their party.
If Fjord shows up with an ink pouch to help him escape his enemies, we'll know.
*This* is what frightens me about the 2018 and more specifically 2020 elections. What if Russia comes in and *blatantly* puts a finger on the scale in support of Democrats over Trump? Maybe literally hack state election systems and make it obvious that they did. Trump will go ballistic and try to cancel the elections. You want to see the US turn into a dictatorship, that's how it could happen.
Makes sense that if your rogue is gonna run a heist he might hire a local crew to help out. I'd probably have the other players operate like MM Bandits or level 1 rogues so that the actual rogue can really shine on their own thieving mission but still allow the other players to meaningfully contribute.
To make matters worse, the day after the case was dismissed (or found not guilty? I can't remember how far it went) they had a *substitute host* on her show. She was such a coward she couldn't come on her own show and admit she had been wrong.
By population, dude. Landmass is entirely irrelevant when we're talking about homelessness. Well, I mean it's relevant in that land is cheap as fuck so it makes that "just buy the homeless houses" solutions even easier to implement in a state like Utah, but in context I was quite obviously talking about population.
Just spitballing here, maybe that was a department/school issued phone to staff and they bought a case of cases for it and never sold them?
Hey man it's always good to have a set of butt wipes in the car at a tailgate. You never know when that gumbo and moonshine is gonna sit wrong and cause an incident.
You could also play that kind of thing one on one without the rest of the party in a separate session, if none of them have the proficiencies needed for a good old heist.
Utah is a pretty small state with a very small homeless population.
That's how I learned it, "red port on the left". Red like port wine. Also left and port have the same number of letters.
[that feel when you binge Handmaid's *hard*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYjLrJRuMnY)
Brian himself spoiled that Scanlan leaves in an episode, I think the cat is out of the bag.
I've literally never noticed if it does.
Did you ever hear the Tragedy of Curtis LeMay, the Big Cigar? I thought not. It's not a story the OWLs would tell you.

Other crazy Ohio State history things that many people might not know: [Michael Swango, the doctor who murdered his patients at OSU Hospital (and elsewhere) back in the 80s.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Swango)
The episode where Scanlan leaves is probably top 3 CR episodes for me (granted I haven't seen all of it), it's *amazing*. Especially when they end the episode and then everyone explodes at Sam. "You break our hearts and then give us *this asshole!?*" And then the redemption an episode or two later "awww, I *like* him now!" Sam is a master troll.
Brian is really quick at tossing out absurd but funny jokes and just keeping moving too which I love. "Make sure to highlight it in pink, because I can't see yellow"
[The reference from the reference](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A2_w-QCWpS0)

Same movie where Cartman's hand-puppet of Jennifer Lopez (would you like taco flavored kisses?) [is from](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9bkwy2w4qI) (spoilers for the end of The In-Laws which you really should just watch if you haven't seen it before because it's a classic)
Yeah it's an night vision scope I think, he gets it shipped in and talks about how much he had to pay to get it.
I've been thrown out of a bowling alley for doing that. It wasn't *me* that threw the ball, but one of my friends was a little too drunk and playing with a ball that was a little too light and it got away from him.
My character for our next campaign:

Casey Jones, he's a gypsy (inspired by the Edema Ruh and Kvothe from *Kingkiller Chronicles*) 3 Glamour Bard / the rest Hexblade Warlock. He's going to have some sort of fae patron who is going to be his connection for glamour bard and his warlock stuff. He's gonna be a cha machine with some nice fighting stuff besides, looking forward to it. If I roll high enough of the stats that I can afford multiple feats I might take War Caster and Martial for dat superiority dice. Mask of Many Faces will be key for invocations (mask up, cast *Friends* to get what you want, then be a different person by the time they realise they've been tricked.). Plus with improved pact weapon he can basically make his weapon anything, and my DM is gonna allow me to have it be his instrument too so his guitar or lute or fiddle or whatever transforms into his sword or spear or longbow or axe. 
\>Mei buffs  
[\>mfw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6S94DIdyKA)
I would make one of these and just fill it with copies of the same headshot of Estelle Getty
For anyone who hasn't seen it in its entirety (which I hadn't since I was 5 at the time), [Michael Jackson's Super Bowl performance](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-YyK3RaAAs) is something else. That intense level of stardom for someone who desperately needed so much therapy couldn't have been good.
I'm playing a Tabaxi Arcane Trickster/Wizard right now. It was an easy way to a) get the racial bonuses I wanted, b) have an outsider type background (though not literally that background she's a Sage), and c) racially support her curiosity/obsession about magic and general not-giving-a-shit about other things. Plus the Tabaxi not caring about money is amusing to me, especially for a rogue.

idk I dig it but I understand not liking them. I have a distinct dislike for tieflings and I don't really know why.
But the song is so fucking sick. That bass line :3

I'm aware it's actually pretty simple but it still fucks
This is correct. I also think it is bullshit. You only get one OA per round, I personally feel like you should be able to take it against someone on forced movement as well as voluntary. This would open up some dope ass combos, like Hexblade Warlocks casting Repelling Blast (invocation that makes it so Eldtritch Blast knocks someone back 10 feet) and then hit them with your sword as they're flying out of range.
That's basically what Hexblades are meant to do though, especially if you take the Warcaster feat. 
Which you can then flavor with prestidigitation. 
OK now I really hope there's a collection of historic figures drawn as fantasy adventurers. I'd love to see a bard based off a civil rights leader like MLK Jr. 
>roll to check for blackulas

lmao
For you
That's the thing though I guarantee if the players wanted to make a thing about it Matt has something sketched out. "What did he say? What did that mean?" and really drill down on investigating if there's a secret society called Hush. I don't think they will but I wouldn't be surprised if it comes back into the story.
Shout out to [Chip tha Ripper](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GmsZee3uCU) too. I was at OSU 2007-2011, prime Cudi and Cleveland rap time.
The little known sequel to Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
Yes
I saw that in my George Soros newsletter
My sister fucked up Rice Krispie Treats once. This was over a decade ago and I *still* don't understand it.
That seems most intuitive. Just walk out. 
A fookin legend!! 
> HE WAS LEVEL 1.

Level 1 mages are still impressively effective in a war scenario against commoners armed with sticks. Not every soldier is a Fighter. Very few are. Granted level 1 wizards wouldn't be high ranking and they wouldn't figure as big set pieces to your war plans like having a true archmage in the field would, but they're more than powerful enough for foot soldier work.
It's possible he was a support officer in the military. Transmutation would be incredibly useful in a non-combat officer. And also, those could just be the spells he's better at naturally, but not what he did in the service. It would also explain why his physical stats are low but his mental stats are high.
And to add to this, a military unit may have a prescribed spellbook for their rank and position. In fact I could almost fucking guarantee it. Lieutenant Mages  carry this book, which is mostly evocation and such. Spy Mages carry this book, which is a lot of illusions. Officers might have a more broad book, including things like spells that can buff and influence others. Caleb could have had access to a certain set of spells but been more naturally talented at Transmutation and now that he's not working off a book given to him by the army he has to find his own stuff.
Yeah, I'd much rather have to wait an extra few minutes to play the hero I want to play than have to hop in draft and have a significant chance of not being able to play what I want to play at all.
I think the globe change took an already lopsided problem and made it extra lopsided, too. If you're constantly able to pressure and get both globes in every wave, you're going to bully the enemy team even harder.
Huh, it says there are 14 comments in this thread but I don't see any of them. All shadowbanned?
If you have a heart attack at 29 there's something wrong besides just a sedentary lifestyle. That'll take much longer to catch up to you.
Hoist!
The damage is much less important than the positioning for someone like a Hexblade I would imagine. 
The wrong kid died! 
How did it get that far though? Why was somebody on the crew, the production, in her entourage, her agent, *somebody* not able to say "hey girl maybe lets try a different way" because you know *dozens* of people saw her rehearse that shit.
It's like leaving little nuggets for ESPN interns to mine this fall when they're looking for bullshit to fill the air.
Really? Well, that's a relief.
As long as you have a cleric who can cast Spiritual Weapon in the form of a rolled up newspaper, you should be fine. 
You know, I've been thinking about what you bring up in your last paragraph for a while. Where does the legal justification come from in deciding which weapons are civilian legal and which aren't? Everyone is cool with nobody being able to buy nukes or warplanes, even full auto weapons are locked behind a specific license. So it seems like we've already established that certain hardware is too dangerous for civilian use doesn't seem like it should be too difficult to move that line to include semi-auto high velocity rifles like the AR-15. 
I'm into it. If you have an interest enough in politics to want to vote, and you're a citizen, you should be allowed to vote. We let fucking *idiots* vote. People with the mental engagement with the world of an 8 year old can vote, just because their body is over the age of 18. You can wheel your great gran in who thinks it's still the Hoover administration and she can vote.

So few % of *eligible* Americans vote, what's a few more? I honestly don't think it would change much, but it's a step in a good direction. Expand the franchise.
The right has lost their goddamn mind.  Everything is brazenly partisan and that's just the way it is. You don't get an award for being a good American or a good Representitive to your district, you get it for being a good soldier for The Party.

It's sick.
I didn't recognize him until he mentioned *In The Loop*.
I mean I don't want to spoil anything but they kind of go over that in the last episode too. I thought it was an interesting way to approach that concept.

Continuity of consciousness.
One *hundred* percent. I work in a liquor store, the nicest customers are almost entirely the ones who are in their 20s. Occasionally you get the douche who doesn't understand how getting carded works ("what do you *mean* you want to see my ID? I'm 24!" "Well dude you look like you're 17, so I gotta check"). Otherwise it's definitely the older people who are entitled douches.

That's not to say we don't also have some very cool and sweet retirees who come in. But younger people are never the ones who do douchey customer things.
Mechanically even if Mage Hand has a 1 minute timer, the wizard could just juggle the torch in the air and recast it while it's in an arc then catch the torch.

Granted this might be my proficient at sleight of hand arcane trickster I'm playing talking, but don't let your dreams be dreams.
It's definitely more intense in hots but to say that it's *nothing* like WC3 Maiev is just straight up wrong. You can still hear some of the growl in there, it's just more subtle.
I don't know this guy but game recognize game, I respect a man who will double fist hotdogs.
Now lets shoot *a hundred* of them but only be able to carry 30lbs of meat back to the wagon!

\#thatoregontraillife
How.. how do you get to *whatever* age you are without knowing about koozies?
Koozies are the best. I got a Yeti steel koozie that is a fuckin game changer

Or they could be saying "don't get all steamed up Trump, we're not underage" implying Trump likes little girls.
Well you see when a mommy and a daddy of two different but compatible races love each other very much....
Fighter would be dope, or just take the Martial feat so you can get 2 battle maneuvers with a superiority die. 
My next character is a College of Glamour Hexblade Bardlock with Mask of Many Faces as one of my invocations. I don't know how he'll perform but I'm looking forward to it. 
For some reason I translated Fantasy into Romance in my head and was picturing Nott being carried by Shakäste or Fjord or Beau.
To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand satire
Plus Matt's "this is *serious* you guys!". That DM life. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xklW7hq2kqg
"Did you have a vanity license plate?"

"Yeah dawg! It said "I LUV BUTS"
I think it was like 200 years if I remember correctly.
Yesssss, allow Jester to go full communist with it. 

Seize the means of production, Laura! 
Nein Regular Gnolls
Shield would be more useful come a big bad who hits *hard*. Avoid those big spell attacks too. 
Fjord would probably be better taking warcaster. Advantage on con saves (for things like smites) and melee casting. 
Every American has the same first amendment rights to speak out and petition their government.

It's also interesting that you only ever see these memes from conservatives about black people or women, but I never see them telling Ted Nugent or Scott Baio to fuck off.
Knowing who can do what in a party is hardly meta-gaming. If you're the only one who can swim in a party, if swimming comes up you're up. In a few levels it won't matter as much because she'll have more slots and they'll probably have more access to potions but for now
Healing magic isn't even on the wizard spell list. Sucks to suck but Jester is gonna have to suck it up and save her slots for heals, at least for a few levels. Get used to using cantrips and/or being in melee.
I'm gonna guess that he rewears shirts on occasion, much like us regular ~~gnolls~~ people
Someone cut it together with Hollaback Girl
Anyone know where I can find that thicc Jester art?

For... reasons

edit: [found it](https://geekandsundry.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/@pixelllls-B.jpg)
Be a single father/mother who has to travel with a child. Finding people you trust to watch them, or even carrying them into combat as some Barbarian tribe thing. Could be cool. 

Or maybe even better, *play* a child. Work out with your DM that maybe your character is a kid and you're with your big sister who is an adventurer (which you control in combat but the DM controls on RP). Could be fun. 
My character's family is living a quiet easy life over in Maztica. None of them were murdered, they're good people.

The drama in her backstory comes from how she got kicked out of wizard school. 
Or a horse. Turn the druid into a big ass horse or bear or oxen, something big. Tie a rope around them, spike it into the door, and rip that shit out of the frame.
Going to greek letters makes sense to me.
This is what drives me crazy about the "don't blame guns, blame [parents/schools/liberals/mental health/economics/the media]" Like... we can deal with several issues at once, it's quite possible.

Same boat with the people who say well if changing a gun law doesn't completely eliminate school shootings what's the point. The point is a reduction is still lives saved, even if every life possible wasn't saved.
Remember if you're no longer *forcing* children to pray to a particular god in school that means god is banned from school entirely. Not that religion is personal and to each their own, the state won't support one religion over another.
For a second I thought it said "eat soup and are confused by bathrooms" implying toothless geriatrics with dementia 
I'm Sohcahtoa gender.
Why no moist nugget, tovarisch?
Absolutely. If you grew up with smartphones, you're a new generation. I was born in 1988 and I'm a millennial. Teens these days are something different, they're the social generation or something.
"why not good to use for welfare" has got to be a fragmented sentence. Something about it sounds fishy.
[Fear is exactly it.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=58BDrZH7SX8)
I didn't really get that either, but you and I are human. They keep telling us that despite how they look the meths are *not*. They don't respect grounders as their equals, they don't care. I could easily see a Greek Pantheon god trying to pull the same shit Rei did to Tak because the god believes that they are so far above the humans that it just doesn't matter.

She's been sitting around for *two-hundred and fifty years* waiting for her brother, doing criminal shit and just generally wallowing in her own mythology. And that's on top of however long she lived before Tak went down. Can you imagine what that would do to a human mind? Living that long and having that much money and power *can't* be good for you without a serious ethical grounding and a fuck ton of therapy.
I assumed the plan was, if they couldn't pull off what they wanted easily, that Tak would agree to live with Rei if she left all of his friends alone. The other Tak would continue on, and sacrificial Tak would take his place next to his sister as essentially a demi-god of the pantheon. Ultimately I prefer what they did though since I don't think Tak would be able to stomach what Rei's business was once he had seen it.
It's based on books, plural? Continuing the story past where we are now?
So, which car rental companies don't support the NRA?

I'm not gonna tell you *not* to do that shit but I really don't like it. It's like when I hear my grandpa say "Demonrats", "Ellen Degenerate", "Rachel Madcow" etc etc. Cringy at best.

I will however use terms like Red Hats, Trumpists, and fascists. Which they are. 
If you take talons and the talent that reduces the W cd, her push is still pretty bad but she can push waves.
You can tell by the way that it is