Obama and Truman were senators, wheelchair and wife are irrelevant.


Painkillers aren't relevant unless it's abuse.


All those candidates were qualified Trump is not.


But it's probably irrelevant, because the worst part isn't really that Trump is an unqualified moron, it's that he is a malevolent narcissistic sociopathic megalomaniac, and that's not even the worst part either, the worst part is that enough Americans actually voted for him to be president, despite he's an obvious sociopath.
Incompetence can be extremely scary, just imagine needing surgery, but your only option is an extremely incompetent surgeon.


Maybe there should be qualification requirements for the presidency like there is for surgeons?
Oh please I remember here in Denmark we had chaos too in the 80's when we had the longest government transition ever of 24 days.


It was absolute madness, and very embarrassing, usually it takes 2 days.
China has 38 Nuclear reactors, and AFAIK China is researching three different types including Thorium which is claimed to be way more safe and can use fuel we have in abundance. AFAIK USA is hardly doing any research anymore, and also AFAIK China is the only country that has a serious effort on Thorium.


China is really doing a lot, not only because it's a big country, but their efforts are basically in every field available, and they do more than USA and EU put together, and they do more per capita, with lower CO2 output per capita too.
They don't have 4x the energy consumption or CO2 or money.


But you (USA) just keep making excuses for yourself, and stay backwards, and pollute way more than your fair share.


The truth is that USA has the best resources of any country in the world to really do something, both natural scientific and economic, despite that USA is sitting on their asses picking low hanging fruits from research funded by other governments.


We should fucking put a CO2 tax on USA.
Here (Denmark) it's mandatory they inform you if a cheaper alternative exists.
If you have the money, you can probably still get the designer drugs.
Thanks, but It's OK, sorry for being a bit dense here, I just made a rough estimate in a later post, and edited my original post. It all makes perfect sense now.


Damned those numbers really are that good. ;)
Yes that would make compute and graphics almost everything that isn't semi custom.


I just found it hard to wrap my head around because these numbers are pretty dramatic.


But I guess it boils down to the 2 segments being much more equal last year, and if they were equal, doubling one of them is 50% growth overall, then detracting 12% from the other, and we are just about on the 40% which was the actual result.


Sorry for being too slow here, I included the rough calculation in case others made a similar mistake, and had a hard time connecting these numbers.
I don't think so, it just looks that way now, but unless they get back on track, they will not be able to compete. Yes their 10 nm process is delayed, but there are other ways to extend Moore's law, like larger die and MCM. And despite their 10 nm problems they are already working on the next process that will replace it.
You are conflating Moore's law with performance, just because there may be diminishing returns doesn't mean shit regarding Moore's law.
Hvis du ikke allerede har slået det op, er her et link der forklarer det:


>https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keynesian_economics


Grundlæggende kan man se økonomi fra 2 sider, forbrug eller produktion, problemet med Keynesiansk teori er at den er baseret næsten udelukkende på produktions siden, hvilket betyder at lavere skatter altid er bedre, selvom vi har klare beviser særligt fra USA om at det ikke er tilfældet, selv med konkurrence fordel i forhold til stater i USA med højere skatter.


Keynesiansk tankegang er som da Social demokraterne nedsatte firmaskatten for at få mere gang i hjulene. Problemer er at sådan hænger national økonomi ikke helt sammen. Man kan ikke blankt sige at skattestigninger eller sænkninger er gode eller dårlige.


Tankegangen er formodentlig bestyrket i Danmark efter økonomien fejlede under Anker Jørgensen, og blev genoprettet under Schlüter. Det mange glemmer er at Schlüter faktisk satte skatten op, f.eks. med reduktion af rentefradrag.


Du har til dels ret i at i forhold til gammeldags økonomisk tankegang som Keynesian, er virkeligheden er der bør være et element af socialisme, i den betydning at økonomien bør drives med hensyn til begge sider og ikke kun den ene, populært sagt styring på midten af vejen, i stedet for at falde i grøften i enten den ene eller anden side.


Røv hamrende kedeligt kan man sige, men det er trods alt økonomi vi taler om, så det bør ikke komme bag på nogen.


De midler vi ved med sikkerhed virker til at fremme samfund og økonomi, er investering i infrastruktur uddannelse og forskning, hvordan vi så financierer det er en anden sag, men de borgerlige tror at vi kan skære ned og lavere skatter så vil sørge for den økonomiske fremgang, men det er forkert.
Ironisk nok har kongehuset faktisk virket som garant for vores mere end gennemsnitligt velfungerende demokrati.


Men hvis det holder op med at udfylde den funktion, bliver vi nødt til at erstatte kongehuset med noget andet. Jeg tror dog at vi med fordel kan bevare det en generation mere.
Radikale baserer deres økonomiske politik på Keynesian principper ligesom alle højrefløjs partierne.
Because that makes next stop Uranus.
OK seems you had a minor typo of 1.15 instead of 1.115, but I still don't see how compute and graphics can be up 95%. Polaris did very well Q1 last year too, and it leaves no room for CPU? I think AMD may have sold a CPU or two too.


I have no idea where you have these numbers from or how they are interpreted like this, and it simply doesn't make sense to me.


Edit: The numbers actually do make sense, you can see a rough estimate of how in my response to u/TekDealer.
So Computing and Graphics plus semi with 1.68 exceed the total of 1.65?


And how does compute and graphics 95% increase to 1.15 billion make any kind of sense?


Edit: The 95% actually makes perfect sense, I made a rough estimate further down.
> we simply don't have any good evidence 


Exactly, and of a man claimed to be the son of god and who is claimed ti have performed numerous miracles.


[Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence](https://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Extraordinary_claims_require_extraordinary_evidence), and we have zero evidence for the existence of Jesus Christ, even by the weakest standards for historic evidence.
Det største problem for mig med højrefløjen er at de påstår de varetager økonomien, imens de i virkeligheden undergraver den med principper fra Keynesiansk økonomisk tankegang som beviseligt ikke virker. Det værste er at selv Socialdemokratiet har adopteret samme principper.


Det synes for mig som om højrefløjen ikke er andet end en flok nej sigere, mens ideer om reelle forbedringer for befolkningen og samfundet som helhed synes isoleret til hvad jeg tidligere kaldte den ekstreme venstrefløj.


Jeg er borgerlig af natur, med stor vægt på økonomi, men der er ikke et eneste borgerligt parti der forholder sig realistisk til økonomisk teori i forhold til virkelighed. Jeg er også stærk tilhænger af EU samarbejdet. Men på trods af det er jeg presset til at stemme på venstrefløjen, selvom de generelt som minimum er meget EU skeptiske.


Jeg synes f.eks. Enhedslistens forslag om at aflyse de Amerikanske skandale kamply er fremragende.
Apropos Moore's law, oh boy here we go again. IDK why but for some reason this particular claim pisses me off, probably because it demonstrably isn't true.


https://www.reddit.com/r/hardware/comments/8f9kxm/moores_law_is_dead_intels_10nm_is_broken_delayed/


My responses:


https://www.reddit.com/r/hardware/comments/8f9kxm/moores_law_is_dead_intels_10nm_is_broken_delayed/dy3sf8r/


https://www.reddit.com/r/hardware/comments/8f9kxm/moores_law_is_dead_intels_10nm_is_broken_delayed/dy3sds5/



https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moore%27s_law#/media/File:Moore%27s_Law_Transistor_Count_1971-2016.png


Now plot in Nvidia Volta with 25 billion transistors, and you can see that even on single chip packages, Moore's law is still pretty much exactly on schedule.


TSMC Glofo and Samsung are on schedule for 7 nm, and 5 nm is already being worked on to follow.


Seems to me that Moore's law should be pretty safe for the foreseeable future.
I got interested in computers in the 70's, and had a C64, later Atari 520 ST, and later again Amiga 1000. And yes those were exiting times where benefits on each iteration were huge.


But the slow development on PC has nothing to do with Moore's law dying, because it isn't.


>>Moore's Law used to mean doubling the transistor density every 2 years.

>No it literally never meant that, it meant doubling the amount of transistors on a chip every 2 years.  
It's about how many transistors designs actually use, not about how or why. It can be argued whether this was supposed to include MCM chip packages like Threadripper and Epyc, but I think from the sentiment of the original and revised description it pretty clearly does.  
Moore's law is far from dead, and stating it is idiotic as in completely irrelevant without factorial qualification. If they figure it slowing down, then show us the calculation and the basis for it, instead of worthless blanket statement.  
It is especially not dead just because a single makers process is delayed. There are 3 other major players, and they all claim to be on target for their similar process.


On the PC it may appear dead more than other places for three reasons:


1: Diminishing returns.


2: Near monopolies on both OS and CPU that diminish innovation.


3: Computers are now more than fast enough for mundane tasks, so faster computers don't benefit productivity in by far the most applications.


Despite this Moore's law is alive and kicking, it's just the PC that is stalling, for instance phones and tablets have bigger IC's than most PC's.


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moore%27s_law#/media/File:Moore%27s_Law_Transistor_Count_1971-2016.png


Now plot in Nvidia Volta with 25 billion transistors, and you can see that even on single chip packages, Moore's law is still pretty much on schedule.
This is absolutely true, but it's not because Moore's law is dead.


Three factors are at play:


1: Diminishing returns.


2: Near monopolies on both OS and CPU that diminish innovation.


3: Computers are now more than fast enough for mundane tasks, so faster computers don't benefit productivity in by far the most applications.


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moore%27s_law#/media/File:Moore%27s_Law_Transistor_Count_1971-2016.png


Now plot in Nvidia Volta with 25 billion transistors, and you can see that even on single chip packages, Moore's law is still pretty much on schedule.
>Moore's Law used to mean doubling the transistor density every 2 years.


No it literally never meant that, it meant doubling the amount of transistors on a chip every 2 years.


It's about how many transistors designs actually use, not about how or why. It can be argued whether this was supposed to include MCM chip packages like Threadripper and Epyc, but I think from the sentiment of the original and revised description it pretty clearly does.


Moore's law is far from dead, and stating it is idiotic as in completely irrelevant without factorial qualification. If they figure it slowing down, then show us the calculation and the basis for it, instead of worthless blanket statement.


It is especially not dead just because a single makers process is delayed. There are 3 other major players, and they all claim to be on target for their similar process.


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moore%27s_law#/media/File:Moore%27s_Law_Transistor_Count_1971-2016.png


Now plot in Nvidia Volta with 25 billion transistors, and you can see that even on single chip packages, Moore's law is still pretty much on schedule.
Good luck with your house, and of course your family. I'm actually in the same situation, although we've only had pretty stellar owners or land lords, but that's because I know how to read them. We've moved 3 times in the past 12 years, and just to give examples: 


The first place the stove broke down, and the owner came with a catalogue and asked which one we wanted installed as a replacement, and we had it the day after.


The second place we were allowed to cut down a pretty big tree, we felt took up too much of the garden. We later used it for firewood, when we moved he even paid us back a month of rent, because we moved sooner than the 3 month prepaid rent after giving notice.


Where we live now, basically the only rule is that we can't cut any trees without asking first, and we haven't had our rent increased for 7 years now.


But it does require much extra time to find the really good places, one trick I always used though, is that there are two rules the owner can get prepaid under, 1 is as a safety deposit of maximum 3 months rent, the other is 3 month advance payment of rent. If both are required we don't even take a 2nd look at it. All sharks use both, so avoiding that you avoid the sharks.


But despite we live in a nice house pretty cheap, we still would like our own now, and have been working on getting the money for it for years now, and we've been looking for a couple of months, but the right house at the right price hasn't surfaced yet, because we are very specific with what we want, and how much we want to (can) pay.
That's horrible, where I live (Denmark) they can't kick you out almost for any other reason than not paying rent or gross violation of contract. The first year they can with 3 month warning, but not after that.


Protections of ordinary citizens is really bad on so many levels in USA.
>supposed to bankrupt you to a life of crime.


No you are supposed to simply fail and perish, this is how God is doing his Darwinistic work, and make the rich richer.


Many Christians don't believe evolution is true, but USA as one of the most Christian countries in the world, has the most cutthroat Darwinistic society in the developed world.
Thank. That's nice, but I also like when we debate stuff from different perspectives, maybe next time. ;)
Absolutely, Intel could have invested more and made it a lot harder for AMD, but they chose to milk and starve the cash cow, and they had huge profits from it. Which shareholders were happy about for many years.


Problem is that they helped the decline of the PC industry, wasted billions combating Arm, and left the door open for AMD.


That's what happens when a company is managed by bean counters, vision and innovation takes a back seat, in favor of immediate profitability, and development is driven by market strategies, and not by technological potentials.


This was especially clear when Intel one sidedly declared Moore's law dead, and it was incredibly frustrating how this sentiment was repeated over and over again in almost any technology debate. It was taken as gospel despite it was clear the competition had no intention of slowing down, Apple and Arm in general gained massively on Intel, and GPU and many other branches with real competition continued to progress with little slowdown that definitely didn't support Intel's claim that Moore's law was dead.


When AMD came out with Infinity Fabric as a means to extend Moore's law, it was almost hilarious to see how wrong Intel was when they basically gave up pursuing it, and finally a year later, we rarely hear that stupid claim anymore.


Problem for Intel is, that they may fire project leaders or even the CEO, but you can't just bring back innovation once it has left the company.


Although I guess they are at least trying, for instance buying Mobileye and hiring Raja and Keller. But without management capable of evaluating those projects, they may easily lose focus, be delayed, and become overly expensive, and ultimately entirely miss their target.


And Intel just lost an instrumental edge they used to have in production.


But they will pull through anyway, because it won't fail completely on all counts, Intel remains a very capable engineering company with lots of resources technologies and IP.


But they may lose their position as undisputed world leader of the semiconductor industry. And that's of course tough too.
I agree on the sentiment, but just to be clear about this and put it into its proper context:


It's a tough business but Intel will pull through, they always do.


AMD had it rough when they were frozen out of the market, and they couldn't sustain the cost of maintaining production, and ended up with huge deficits because of it, to the point they were at the brink of bankruptcy.


Compared to that Intel will have it super easy. They have money in the bank and remain profitable.


But they will lose some marketshare and they will lose their leadership position in certain technological and production aspects because they now have competition.


But of course it's tough to see someone else beginning to tap your favorite cash cow, you had all to yourself for so long.
I know we've been over this before, but I'm not sure it's been stated what it seems to me he is really saying.


Intel ER stated 24% server growth, with datacenter allegedly being the strongest driver, saying they expect a decline to the mid teens, could mean they expect AMD could take as much as 10% of datacenter market share before the end of this year, and if this is reflected generally in servers, it  means AMD could achieve double what they guided at the beginning of the year!


Intel only reluctantly acknowledge competition, and the ONLY reason they say this, is because they believe it is a VERY real possibility.
IDK, with AMD realistically looking to $0.5 EPS for the year, and with 25-30% revenue growth for the year total with better margins, I think a factor 30 isn't out of the question. That would put us at $15 per stock.


I think ER result for Q1 and guidance for Q2 should ease the tension and uncertainty around AMD a lot, as AMD is leaving the fluctuation with frequently occurring deficits solidly behind, exactly as Lisa Su promised already 2 years ago.


Of course there are always uncertainties about the future, and some investors might evaluate more cautiously, but with the lowest quarter having a result of $0.08 or $011 non GAAP, there is basically no way profits can be below $0.32 or $0.44 non GAAP for the year.


I really don't see how a value below $10 can be justified anymore, and if we average the 2, we get $12.50 as a pretty cautious estimate IMO, I think we might average that until next ER.


The thing is with AMD solidly in the green, it's way easier to use standard calculations, and therefore also way easier for investors to justify more positive positions.


Outlook beyond 2018 is even better, with AMD looking to gain access to production that is equal or even better than Intel, with incremental design improvements on new designs that almost surely will beat what Intel can achieve on their almost decade old core design already refined numerous times.


There is very good reason to expect AMD growth will continue for the foreseeable future, with even better gains in profitability.


The $0.75 outlook in 2020 AMD stated more than a year ago, will probably be surpassed in 2019, and there really is very little reason to doubt that. Especially with AMD no longer relying 100% on Global foundries.
Yes but Q1 will definitely be the lowest this year, and AFAIK it traditionally is.
Maybe he overcompensated for the least growth in the biggest quarter.


It's just rough numbers after all, not an exact calculation.


But I'm pretty sure we will see more than 20% for the year total.
However Q3 margins and profitability will grow significantly more than 5%.
That case should be a lot harder now, in 2017 AMD barely managed profitability despite their new product lines and decent growth.


Now AMD is already profitable in Q1, the lowest earning quarter, and growth continues.


And how do you sensibly argue against 50% YOY growth for Q2, when AMD consistently meet their guidance?
I'd love a decent Chromebook I can put a proper Linux on with proper 3D acceleration . ;)
Finans indtægt er beskattet laver end arbejde, men ikke kun finans indtægter, det er generelt for alle arbejdsfri indtægter at de er lavt beskattet. Det er ikke et tilfælde, ligesom det ikke er et tilfælde at det gavner de rigeste mest. 


Dermed er de rigeste faktisk de lavest beskattede.


Er det rimeligt?


Helle Thorning nedsatte firmaskatten for at få gang i hjulene, selvom det beviseligt ikke virker. Det er en "race to the bottom" taktik der på sigt er decideret skadelig for landet.
His work with Tesla is probably finished, and Intel needs a better core against Zen.


A new core takes 4-5 years to develop, although Intel are good at muscling such developments through fast, I doubt they can do it much faster than that.


Since Keller was on Zen too, it's also a big question whether he can outdo himself, and a lot can happen with Zen too in 4-5 years. This could easily fail for Intel.
Ahh finally an early DD, I missed those. ;)


I'm still a bit puzzled why we didn't move more AH yesterday, 2nd quarter guided to +50% YOY should count for something. That's 5 times more than what some analysts predicted, yet we only saw less than 10% in the stock.


As I said so many times before, AMD's business is solid with Zen and Vega, and the stock is grossly undervalued, and +10% doesn't nearly close the gap  IMO.


If we don't go up further today, I will be very disappointed.


We waited 1-1½ year for Epyc and APU, they are the big movers, now they are here, and AMD will deliver on Q2 and ahead. I think any doubts of that should be eased a lot yesterday.


Q2 freaking guided up 50% for Q2 YOY, and that's compared to when AMD had both Ryzen 7 and 5 series competing against only 4 core Intel on standard desktop!
Wooaa I was actually right about this ER. 40% YOY revenue is exactly what I expected after Q1 ER.


50% YOY for Q2 is very good guidance, it shall be interesting to see how the analysts react.
>Siden blev ikke fundet.
OK thanks.
Why do we have to provide an email address for this?
When Trump want's to make a point, he says whatever is necessary to make his point the stronger one against an opposing point.


Problem is he doesn't care whether it's true or not. So he lies routinely. Trump has no honor or integrity.
1½ year we waited for Epyc, only to have the most boring ER run-up since Ryzen was announced.
After reading it, I absolutely believe Intel's analysis that autonomous driving will be a trillion dollar industry is plausible.


This is actually the plan B I referred to, but there are several major players, and I'm afraid Intel will more likely than not screw it up, despite they bought up the alleged leader.


This effort would obviously benefit a lot too, if Intel had maintained production leadership. Now it is at risk of instead being handicapped by Intel production.
Everybody used to do that, but It's especially a problem for Intel, because they used to be best at it, and basically they could use that to out muscle the competition when the competition edged ahead on design.


Intel can compete against Zen because they currently have the edge on production, but Zen seems to be the better design, and without the production advantage to compensate, Intel is left without any real advantage.
If all Intel can do is 2 cores without iGPU, Intel 10 nm is obviously in extremely bad shape. They also allegedly already gave up on performance gains for gen 1.


Intel losing their lead on production is huge, if the competition gains performance across the board and Intel doesn't, obviously Intel will be less competitive.


This probably goes back at least 3 years, when Intel declared Moore's law dead. Although there may have been some truth to that, I think it was a reflection of Intel lowering their efforts, in part because they were so much in the lead at the time, and in part because of increased cost of developing more refined production, and little cost benefit from it afterwards.


Intel always were bean counters, and it has served them well in the past, what they probably didn't expect was that the competition didn't slow down too for the same reasons Intel did.


With Zen being as good as it is, Intel might even lose their single thread performance advantage to AMD, and with AMD having Infinity fabric on top, AMD might outright beat Intel in every aspect of performance across the board from mobile to servers if 7 nm succeeds, and Intel might lose half their marketshare in core markets in just a few years.


Of course Intel is huge, and they have lot's of resources, so they can weather competition for a while, and they are working on a plan B too. But I don't quite get why Intel investors feel so confident?
Very nice perspective, hopefully they will be proven wrong already tomorrow.
No even when discrete components are better which they usually are, integration always win, in the sense that the discrete components lose huge market share every time.
And Nvidia will lose, because integration wins every single time, I've never seen the opposite happen.
Hvis det kan gøres uden tilskud, hvorfor så kun een?


Jeg synes heller ikke 50% vedvarende energi i 2030 lyder særligt ambitiøst, har vi ikke allerede det på el? Hoved energi forbrug af fossile brændstoffer der ikke er til el bruges mest til transport og varme, som kan elektrificeres. Nedsæt el afgiften for at få varme over på el, transport kommer nok nærmest af sig selv hvis de ikke stikker en kæp i hjulet for det, og så skal vi bare ha' mere vedvarende el, så skulle den nærmest være hjemme af sig selv.
The only thing I got from this is:


ASCII.jp x TECH, but 90% of the text isn't Ascii.
>Cryptocurrency-related revenue likely drove $150 to $200 million of upside to revenue estimates.


All the upside is purely Crypto?


>Competing products are set to be introduced to the market like Bitmain's Ethereum ASIC.


Which barely beat a similar Radeon based setup, and was delayed 3 months shortly after it was announced, lacks flexibility, and is worthless for other purposes.


These are some weird claims, and together with the Epyc momentum part, it seems pretty disconnected from reality IMO.
It probably already is, but I think AMD is beating it this time, just look at the backlash Nvidia is already receiving from GPP. If Kyle from HardOCP is right HP and Dell are not adopting it, and if major players like that resist, it's probably because AMD had a role in it, and without them, the GPP is in danger of falling apart completely.
I think she is. AMD hasn't lost a major customer or partner under her, they got the China deal with cash up front when they were down and needed it, they got major partners on board with Epyc, she has met with China's minister of Industry, they got the Intel deal.


Those are just a few aspects that are well known, and we know there is more that hasn't been disclosed.
Except for giving up opportunity and principles, I know that to Trump principles mean nothing, but I'm surprised he throws opportunity away so easily.
Godt eksempel, sundhedsstyrelsen er blandt de største trusler imod dansk folkesundhed.


De påstod i 10 år efter det modsatte var bevist at sukker feder ikke, de advarer stadig mere imod fedt end imod sukker og kulhydrater, selvom beviserne er temmelig tydelige på at fedt ikke er nær den fare sukkerindustrien har propaganderet for siden 60'erne. De modsatte sig e-cigs klart imod forskningen, de påstår alle nødvendige næringsstoffer kan opnås gennem en varieret kost, og det er ligefrem ulovligt at påstå det modsatte i produktsammenhæng, på trods af vi ved at det er usandt f.eks. mht. D vitamin.


Sundhedsstyrelsen har været og er ekstremt korrupt eller inkompetent, nøjagtigt som CEPOS.
I am humbled by your debating skills, I can see I will never achieve your level of incompetence at it.
If GloFo either kill off AMD growth or piss AMD off, GloFo will be without their main customer after 2025 for sure. Although the relationship is somewhat parasitic, it is also somewhat symbiotic. I seriously doubt either party is negotiating in bad faith.
1600 isn't on the list, and It's a brilliant way to offer rebates to gamers and score points for both Radeon and Ryzen in the gaming community, and it's a brilliant way to get people to choose AMD for both CPU and GPU when they otherwise might have chosen only one of them, but preferred either Nvidia or Intel for the other.


I hope this package is really attractive, and it moves well.
Yes, kind of weird that every ER for 5 quarters we had a run up prior to it, but this ER which is the first with Epyc available we have nothing?


But I'm not really worried about it, AMD's business is fine, and it's getting steadily better. I have lost some money on AMD stock though, and I have to admit I never expected the stock to perform this poorly.
Are you honestly claiming Trump and GOP aren't corrupt, when this administration demonstrably is the most corrupt in USA ever.
There will be absolutely no fine, because AMD negotiate the use of TSMC with GloFo, and they are perfectly aware of the exact cost.
This is yet another confirmation of what early tests showed about Tesla, it's not really as fast as Nvidia claims, and Vega is absolutely a competitive design.


I maintain as I've claimed for a long time now, that If Vega was as big and made on the same process Tesla is, on compute Vega can match Tesla even against Tesla tensor cores, and in this test it would obviously beat it by a significant margin.
Great article, seems to me AMD is doing pretty well gaining market share, if they can keep this up, it should improve profitability a lot at this point.
>The processors, presumably going EOL, are the Ryzen 7 series with 1700, 1700X and 1800X, for the Ryzen 5 series the 1600X and 1400, and for the Ryzen 3 series you can see that the 1200 now is missing.


The fact so many are removed so soon means they probably had pretty tiny stock compared to demand.


It's also worth noting that those CPU's were not made on the same process, which means they probably expect 12 nm to be able to fill demand, leaving the now available 14 nm production capacity for Epyc, which would probably have happened at least 3 months ago.


Unless they had to shut down some 14 nm to open 12 nm, this could mean a pretty significant increase in production for AMD, and considering they are planning to use TSMC too, I think it's a strong indication that things are going pretty well for AMD.
Yes, but the fact they are removed already means they probably had pretty tiny stock compared to demand.


It's also worth noting that those CPU's were not made on the same process, which means they probably expect 12 nm to be able to fill demand, leaving the now available 14 nm production capacity for Epyc, which would probably have happened at least 3 months ago.


This could mean a pretty significant increase in production for AMD, and considering they are planning to use TSMC too, I think it's a strong indication that things are going pretty well for AMD.
Wow that was quick!
That's a pretty cool concept, I would have loved that last year when I built my Ryzen rig.
Ofte med god grund.
Ja for når jeg påpeger at CEPOS er imod offentlig transport, vedrørende deres kritik, så er det nok fordi jeg mener at letbanen overhovedet ikke kan kritiseres.


Hvordan har din post overhovedet relevans i forbindelse med min? Hvordan modbeviser den på nogen som helst måde det åbenlyse i at CEPOS generelt ideologisk er imod offentlig transport?


CEPOS rapporten bør tages med et ordentligt læs salt, jeg aner intet om DR udsendelsen, og har ikke til sinde at se den.
0.10% Heading straight for Uranus.
>Så tager heller ikke AE for gode varer, eller hvordan?


Whataboutism.


>Gerne


Det er ikke anbefaling om udvidelse, men om besparelse, nøjagtigt som jeg beskrev.
CEPOS er selverklæret borgerlig liberal, dvs. deres analyser tager udgangspunkt i politisk ideologi.


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CEPOS


Modellen er ikke ulig Heritage Foundation, som er en tilsvarende skamplet i det Amerikanske politiske billede.


Vis mig bare een analyse CEPOS har lavet til fordel for udvidelse af offentlig trafik. Deres anbefaling er altid at gøre mindre, og at bruge færre penge. Aldrig om reelt at forbedre det.


Hvis du ALTID taler imod noget, og ALDRIG til fordel for det, mener jeg det er absolut rimeligt at konkludere at de er principielt imod, også selvom de ikke direkte har erklæret det.


Letbane projektet er derimod ikke et politisk ideologisk projekt som CEPOS prøver at gøre det til, det er et langsigtet projekt til forbedring af en nuværende tilstand.
>Yes, but how many people would go to those ends?


My guess is close to none, and I also doubt AMD is actually using this argument to void warranty.
Because these things are too rarely challenged. I doubt AMD ever actually used this clause, but the mere existence of it is offensive IMO.
> Newegg is a horrible metric for the server industry though.


Yes.
If this keeps up, with 4 in the top 12 already, and averaging higher value, I think AMD might beat the 5% market share they projected by the end of the year.


If there is a similar picture among OEM suppliers, projections might be outright blown away.
Actually they are ruining their out, by claiming an illegal blanket out option.


So if you point to this, AMD would probably lose in a court case, because their condition is illegal. Even if AMD can document a 3rd party cooler is to blame for a failed CPU.


You can't legally enforce illegal terms.
That's incredibly stupid, and cannot work since it's illegal in most countries, and doesn't make sense since AMD has supplied CPU's without cooler. So they are basically stating those are without warranty at all.


PS:


I posted this response to the FAQ.
Nej de argumenterer uærligt for deres beregninger viser det de ønsker for at støtte deres politiske holdning.
Så 40% tager det muligvis som naturligt, mens 60% sikkert ikke gør, det lyder nærmest som et argument for u/knud, selvom ordlyden tyder på du mener de modsatte, men dit eget tal eksempel er imod. 40% er IKKE et flertal.
OK jeg har fjernet opfordringen til at holde op med at være åndssvag, men jeg mener det er en fejl at advare mig om det, da det fjerner betydningen i min post om at jeg mener at jeg svarer på en post der er bevidst på tværs, og anvender billige tricks til at miskreditere en post med et faktuelt rigtigt indhold.


Jeg har ændret til "hold op med at spille dum", som reelt betyder det samme.
Jeg mener den post jeg besvarede er et bevidst forsøg på at spille åndssvag imod bedrevidende. Der er ingen benægtelse af rigtigheden af det jeg oprindeligt skrev, og der er heller ikke dokumentation trods nedladenhed over at jeg ikke gav dokumentation.


Hvis kravet er at man skal bruge fløjlshandsker overfor folk der bevidst vildleder, tillader man retorikken tager en drejning til fordel for dem der forsøger at vildlede.


Det kræver meget lidt politisk indsigt at vide at [CEPOS](https://da.wikipedia.org/wiki/CEPOS) generelt er imod offentlig transport. Eller alternativt en hurtig søgning uden bias:


https://www.google.com/search?q=cepos+offentlig+transport&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8&client=firefox-b


Det ligger såmænd også latent i at CEPOS betegnes som en borgerlig liberal tænketank. Og det har været borgerlig politik i mere end 50 år at begrænse udviklingen af offentlig transport i Danmark, f.eks. tilbage i 80'erne hvor de modsatte sig overgang til eldrift af Intercitytogene.
Hold op med at spille dum, den eneste grund til du forlanger dokumentation er enten at du er dybt uniformeret, eller bare vil være på tværs.


https://cepos.dk/artikler/forbrugere-kan-spare-op-imod-40-pct-ved-fjernelse-af-offentligt-monopol-paa-kollektiv


Edit:


Nedtonet.
>Nå, bare det sædvanlige københavneri. Jeg tror vi skal til at have nogle nyheder med byggerod på ved Nørreport og så er det indforstået det er i Aarhus.


Jeg er eller var ærke Københavner, og jeg kan huske da jeg første hørte benævnelser som Østerbro og det ikke var København, det fandt jeg temmelig forvirrende, og det er rigtigt at jeg har tendens til at tage det som en selvfølge at det er København, hvis ikke andet er specificeret.


Jeg prøvede lige for sjov at Google "Østerbro Århus", gæt hvor det første søge resultat ligger? Ja det er selvfølgelig København, fordi der ligger noget der hedder Århusgade kvarteret på Østerbro i København.


Du kan ligeså godt give op, slaget er tabt på forhånd.
CEPOS er generelt ideologisk imod offentlig transport, hvis nogen skulle være i tvivl.
THATIC is almost certainly Zen, the agreement was entered when AMD had engineering samples, and what else would China buy? Bulldozer? I don't think so. And it very much include X86, since AMD explained how that was possible within the agreement with Intel.
>Nuclear is still the best most cost effective option .


Not anymore, both wind and solar beat nuclear because they've become steadily cheaper as better technologies are developed.


Nuclear on the other hand has become steadily more expensive as concerns regarding safety and waste have grown.


But maybe if Thorium really does have the benefits some claim, that could be a both safer and cheaper nuclear option.


I would personally prefer nuclear as baseline production over any fossil fuel though, problem is that it scares people to a degree that some even become ill from anxiety, of course mostly based on fiction like the China Syndrome and sensationalist press, and unscientific scaremongering commentators. But the reality unfortunately seems to be that nuclear is basically dead.


>People's budgets are pretty tight right now


Cost will be reflected in energy prices, the average American use twice as much electricity as the average European, maybe you need some incentive to save more on electricity. Sorry if this sounds insensitive, but the reality is that if you are American, you probably don't need to use as much electricity as you currently do, and you can possibly use almost half without hardly any discomfort, simply by wasting less.
I would agree because USA is so far behind both EU and China now that it does seem pretty far fetched. Except for a number of factors that actually benefit USA more than most countries.


USA has stellar natural conditions for basically all kinds of renewable energy. 


USA has very high energy consumption, and very good conditions for large scale implementations.


And maybe most importantly, USA has the best economic and scientific resources to pull it off.


USA is currently mostly picking low hanging fruits, and to a large degree based on technologies where other countries are the main drivers.
If AMD and Intel aren't allowed to compete internationally, they will be beaten by Arm.


I get the frustration, but sanctions to prevent profitable business ventures, is not a good strategy, and may be a huge part of the reason Intel lost their leadership in super computing.


AFAIK AMD has already signed licensing rights for Ryzen to the China THATIC joint venture, If this is successful it may help AMD and X86 compete against Arm, and although USA lose some production, they gain license fees, which will help R&D and the long term sustainability of the business in general.


Sanctions are a double edged sword, clamoring to what you've got too hard may destroy it rather than protect it.
So USA is nationalizing IP now?
I agree, this is way more likely under Trump with GOP control of both houses, it's only a matter of how many bribes are necessary.


I'm guessing you don't really consider Trumps presidency an actual administration.
Allegedly Semi has got 5 years of zero tax already. The joint venture with  [THATIC](https://www.anandtech.com/show/10268/china-calling-amd-forms-joint-venture-for-x86-server-socs-in-china) is destined to become even more significant than most probably already assumed when it was formed in early 2016.


[We recently saw Lisa Su had a meeting with China's minister of industry](https://www.reddit.com/r/AMD_Stock/comments/8bp031/lisa_su_meeting_with_chinas_minister_of_industry), and I bet AMD is in a premier position to leverage this to their advantage, because they have the completely open source toolchain GPUOpen, and they allow semi custom designs.


Although China won't get total independency from relying on AMD, Chinese people are generally pragmatists, and they will probably embrace an opportunity to get it partially faster, rather than risk failing later.
The Atom and Netbook was created specifically to compete against the Arm based OLPC.


The OLPC and Arm dramatically changed Intel's focus on downsizing and power efficiency in general, Intel's battle against Arm wasn't initiated by Smartphones or tablets although that was where it turned out Arm got their breakthrough.


Prior to OLPC Intel had dismissed there even was a market for smaller form factors.
I seriously doubt AMD will make that mistake again, you can probably do about 4.8 GHz on your FX maybe even 5 GHz with good cooling, despite it's made on an old 32 nm process.


There's a reason Ryzen doesn't match the speed of FX even on a better process node, and I seriously doubt they are going to totally break the brilliant Ryzen design to achieve higher clocks with worse performance.
I agree it's generally important reviewers stay independent, but this case is kind of off the rails already, when Nvidia accuse a reviewer of corruption for posting a story that is critical about them.


There is a reasonable track IMO for AMD to legally help Kyle, since it was AMD who asked Kyle to look into this story to begin with, that's not corruption, but the journalistic equivalent to following a lead. But since AMD "helped" Kyle get into this mess, it seems fair if they also help him to get out of it again.
Oh boy, I've already showed you 3 aspects of why this is far from without evidence, yet you bring the "unproven" claim up again.


You are either trolling or a shill. There is a third option too, but that's a bit too offensive to mention IMO.
I think what AMD did is great, and I don't see 1800X and 1900X both being about equally fast as an actual overlap. If AMD could make a faster 2800X and sell it for $429 they absolutely should, it'a a 1 die CPU that would clearly be more profitable than the 2 die + interposer 1900X. Why favor the less profitable CPU over the more profitable? 1900X is basically only requires 2 1500X quality dies, which is why 1900X is profitable either with or without a 2800X.


You could say just as well that any R7 is canalizing 1900X, but I don't think AMD see it that way, AMD is providing choice, and the market decides whether there is room for both, and both are about equally profitable.
Trump is the great misleader we have the great misfortune to have as president of USA.
Reality vs delusional ideology.
That's not what it means.


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hearsay


Stating a personal experience is a first hand account, stating an experience someone else had, without that person being able to confirm it, is hearsay.


When Tech Of Tomorrow state their own experience regarding their communication with Nvidia, it's a first hand account, which is VERY different from hearsay.
Wow you have to be incredibly naive to not see the GPP is real. The things Kyle stated would be the likely outcome has already happened with at least 3 alleged major GPP partners, essentially proving they are indeed GPP partners, Gigabyte MSI and ASUS have pulled Radeon from their major brands, how is that not evidence? Kyle even showed excerpts of the agreement that would lead exactly to what later happened.


The evidence is very strong that the GPP is 100% real. It's far from just the word of a few bloggers. It's a multitude of reputable reviewers who confirm this independently, and even with evidence of the effects. And they don't have anything to gain from blowing this story up, on the contrary they risk to lose benefits like for instance early access to new hardware for review.
The original story is not hearsay when Kyle who is a reputable source states he has actual documentation, which he cannot release because that may reveal his source. Which is plausible because we know it's quite common when companies who know what they are doing is trying to control information.


What Tech Of Tomorrow is saying about the texts he received is definitely not hearsay, as he is obviously a first hand source for texts he himself receive.
So if AMD were smart, they'd help Kyle lawyering up for a defamation suit against Nvidia.
Still doesn't make sense to miss out on profits now, only to launch after Intel, when the race generally is about being first. All sandbagging claims about AMD have consistently turned out to be wrong in all regards, both Ryzen Polaris and Vega. There were similar claims about Intel up to Ryzen launch, and they were wrong too.


Generally don't believe sandbagging claims, as they are generally untrue.
I don't think so, AMD seemingly doesn't have a problem with that, as prices are pretty fair across the board. Threadripper 1900X is only $449. So If it's for the IO or RAM you can enter HEDT at a pretty linear price point.


The reason it's a 2700X is probably to allow for a slightly higher end 2800X if the process allow it when it matures a bit.


If they can make a 2800X that is faster 2700X now, why wouldn't they launch what would be the most profitable standard desktop part in the lineup?
I don't think so, from the reviews we've seen the 2700X is pretty much what the process currently allow. Maybe AMD is hoping GloFo can tweak the process a little in the coming months, and if they can, they might be able to bin for a 2800X with slightly higher clock.
In gaming it's the GPU part that has the most power-draw, and there is little benefit from the CPU being 10 nm, when the GPU is 14.
Because ISA evolution on the 1½ decade older Arm is faster than on Radeon 3D accelerated massively parallel 3D GPGPU with constantly evolving ISA in several aspects?


I don't think so.
Exactly what is it you claim that prevents AMD from using the same license model with Radeon and Intel that Arm does with all their customers including Intel and AMD?


Why wouldn't AMD be able to make EXACTLY the same or similar deal "up front with hell to pay" if Intel break it?
>this would allow Intel to develop dGPUs on their own using AMD's IP.


That's the point, and they would have to pay a license to AMD, if it's based on AMD IP.


Or are you claiming Arm's business model is unsustainable? Because Arm managed to stay profitable even while they were under heavy attack from Intel. Where Intel subsidized Atom, and Intel had bigger deficit pushing Atom than Arm's entire revenue. Intel kept this up for almost an entire decade, and yet Arm prevailed.


Why didn't Intel just license Arm and make their own without paying the license?
I know that has been claimed, I'm just not sure I believe that, such a CPU would be minuscule, probably 25-35 mm² depending on cache and SOC features.


Although there has been many rumors about how bad the Intel 10 nm process is, I doubt it can be that bad.
This sounds weird IMO, why combine a discrete GPU with a 2 core CPU, that doesn't make much economic sense even if it's an MCM package.


I really hope AMD is licensing Radeon for Intel to actually integrate, kind of like an Arm license works. If Intel and AMD can cooperate tighter together, Intel could bring huge value to the GPU Open software tool chain that could help break both the CUDA and GameWorks dominance, and provide an open industry standard that would benefit all. Both Intel and AMD and consumers too. Only Nvidia would lose their proprietary grip, but would still be able to compete on a level playing field with an open standard.


If AMD insist on only providing Intel with complete dies, they are forcing Intel to develop their own, as they've already claimed they are attempting with the help of Raja.
Jamen vi skal da også lige huske at tage hensyn til religiøse psykopaters ret til at molestere deres medmennesker. Hvor er vi ellers henne?
Er de så også imod ophævelse af revselsesretten af børn og kvinder, fordi det forårsager problemer med uterlige kvinder og børn?


Et blåt mærker heler i det mindste, en forhud vokser fanme ik' ud igen!
You have been a good human, I will let you live.
I guess it's not Nvidia's fault either that you are trying to change the subject.


It's popularly called whataboutism, changing the subject when an argument can't be won. Are you an Nvidia shill or just an idiot?


GPP is real, and it hurts competition and consumers, and Nvidia is lying through their teeth about it.
True, but if both are unknown, we do have natural defenses against naturally occurring hazards, while our defenses against artificially high concentrates of chemicals that don't occur naturally may not be there at all.


If the research is there to document something that isn't natural is actually safer and better, of course that's what we should use, but when the research is compromised by monetary interests over actually progressing knowledge, we are basically left with nothing to trust.
Noh of course it isn't, trust me. And it especially isn't happening in pharmaceutical industry with medicine. 
OK I'm ready. ;)
As one who value freedom, I value AMD has a complete open source tool chain from top to bottom, even including the driver if you use Linux.


As one who value competition because monopolies are demonstrably bad for innovation and consumers, which we have clearly seen is also the case with Intel staying at 4 cores for desktops for a decade, while phones have more than quadrupled in the same time span, while also providing faster single core speeds. And Intel still keeping their prices flat, despite way lower production costs, is another reason I favor AMD, because we need AMD for competition.


I'm one of those people who buy AMD even if the competition is slightly better. Because without AMD the competition wouldn't be as good as it is anyway. And the PC will stagnate and die, because you might as well connect your phone to a keyboard and monitor, for your "desktop" experience.


Maybe that makes me an AMD fanboy, but if I am, at least know I have my reasons, and they have nothing to do with "team red", but everything to do with freedom.
I'm not saying it will be easy, I'm just saying it's to too early to call it.


I suspect AMD will take it up another level with next gen, in the meaning that where they now can compete with 1070 but not quite the 1080, next gen I hope AMD will be able to compete with the 2080 but probably not quite with 1080ti, this is just what I'm guessing and hoping, it may turn out quite differently, and it depends on many factors like how good production will AMD use, how good is the basic Navi design, and how much will AMD diversify with dies optimized for gaming?


If all those are good, I think AMD will be able to compete way better than they are now in high end gaming, my guess is they will at least somewhat succeed, and at the very least not fall further behind.
What I'm saying is that it won't take that much of a leap, because AMD basically already have technologies to match Nvidia, what they lack is resources to target products more narrowly like Nvidia does. AMD lack that kind of diversification, and base everything above Polaris on a single die, that is used for Instinct for compute/datacenter, for FE for professionals, and for Vega 56/64 for gamers. It's all the same die, compared to Nvidia that use 3 dies to cover a similar spectrum.


By that comparison Vega is actually a lot more impressive than when you compare it only for gaming, where it has way more compute than it actually needs, and lacks on the more graphics oriented part to compete in the high end. If it was balanced specifically for the tasks, it would do better in all of them.


Yes the 1080ti is generally faster, except in games optimized for Vega it actually isn't. Hopefully we will see games generally better optimized for Radeon in the future, but Nvidia is actively working against it with Gameworks that artificially favor Nvidia hardware, while the toolchain for Radeon isn't hampered by similar tactics.


>the next generation their top end card needs to be TWICE AS FAST as their previous flagship.


That's probably not entirely off, although probably not quite true either, next gen will probably be pretty exciting, because 7 nm alone will result in a big boost, question is how good Navi is going to be, and whether AMD will spend the resources to make more specialized dies for Pro/Compute/gaming. If they do, I think it's plausible that AMD can achieve around 70% on gaming performance for next gen.
And 4 years ago Radeon was ahead with 290X outperforming the GTX Titan in DX11.


In the meantime AMD has been underwater financially, and had to cut back on diversity and R&D to regain profitability, they which is why they only have Polaris for mainstream and Vega as a Jack of all trades, from tiny iGPU to Vega FE. Last year AMD increased R&D 25%, and now they get access to TSMC production and hopefully soon better GloFo production too, to equal Nvidia on production.


So no it won't take a massive leap, and there is absolutely no reason to discount that an AMD comeback is possible in high end too. Their technologies are actually pretty close, even including Nvidias newest architecture which is more recent than Vega.
Unionize. 
But wouldn't a P4 have faster single thread performance? :p
For a Democrat anything, for a Republican nothing not even treason or rape or massive emoluments or other types of blatant corruption and indecency.
>convinced Trump to only go after military targets instead of carpet-bombing the region.


Which admittedly was already a big step down from nuking the place.
>Staff for the committee over the weekend participated in training for 1,600 volunteers in 200 events across the country, it added.


.


>“Our sweeping infrastructure, combined with **on-the-ground enthusiasm for President Trump** and Republican policies, puts us in prime position to defend our majorities in 2018,” McDaniel told the news outlet.


OK so they plan to train a lot of volunteers, but they apparently choose the crazy ones? I'm not so sure enthusiasm for Trump will work very well as a platform for the election.
Is that 668 with the biggest retailer of a country of 1.5 bl people? That doesn't sound very impressive.
IDK maybe, Ryzen is after all made on a low power process meant for mobile.


Although my own R5 1600 requires 1.35v to go to 3.9 GHz. But that's with an old Phenom cooler.
But does he know that? All those voices he is hearing, are they in his own head?
Are you using some sort of crazy good cooling?
But at 1.19 volts, of course there can be variance in scores due to for instance RAM speed and timing. It's still a decent score for 4 GHz.
>Year on year the AIB market has been shrinking since 2006


That's funny, since gaming has been identified as the only segment that continued grow when PC sales were down.


It's also funny since Nvidia has stated officially that the only reason they had the resources to make Tesla, was that they had huge profits from gaming.


And this isn't only about AIB, Laptops are increasing their share of the overall PC market too, and the **GPP includes laptops!** as well as desktop and other systems.


>The reason for giving up...


Oh boy, where did that come from? I don't see anyone giving up, AMD increased R&D significantly last year, and Intel is now claiming they want in too, and hired Raja.


>3DFXs problem was trying to keep everything proprietary with their Glide drivers

Yeah same strategy Nvidia is now attempting with CUDA and G-Sync, so let's hope that was the reason. Because if that's the case, Nvidia is doomed.
Because gaming implies it's a toy, when even a hobbyist that doesn't buy it for professional use may still be more interested in compile times or content creation than gaming, and does not like his tools to be labeled as toys.


It's like buying garden tools for kids, they are not fucking real tools they are toys, as a hobbyist I want real tools, not toys, and I don't like it branded as a toy when it's actually bought for being a decent tool.
No it's simply embarrassing, like if you buy a Dostoevsky book and it says for kids, because it has the letters on the cover in different colors.


It's just ridiculous at this point.
Of course he is, it's a requirement for working with Trump, Trump has even stated that publicly, that he doesn't like people who are smarter or more successful than him, and Trump is a buffoon. So that sets the bar pretty low for the people surrounding Trump.
Absolutely this, I really hate how people think Malania and Ivanka are probably somewhat decent people.


Melania knew who and what Trump is when she married him, and neither Melania or Ivanka has shown anything to indicate they are one bit better than Trump, but have on the contrary often supported and defended him. Maybe they aren't quite as bad as Trump, but despite their attempts to appear likeable, they are very obviously pretty rotten.
Exactly, what makes Tesla special is that it is massive, not that it's a that much better design. And why do people persist in claiming GCN doesn't scale, when in fact it does. Polaris and Vega are both doing very well with DX12 and Vulcan, it's only DX11 that Nvidia has an advantage when compute isn't much of a factor, because Pascal was balanced that way, and games are often optimized for Pascal.


With DX12 and Vulcan AMD is very competitive, and on compute AMD is generally way ahead, except when compared directly to Tesla, because Tesla is a massive die on a newer process than anything else currently available.
The point is that it is actually better, with slightly better IPC too, Intel hasn't improved IPC with the 3 latest revisions of core by even a single % put together.
No it won't take a massive leap, Vega is actually competitive with Tesla on performance per mm² when adjusted for production process.
If Kyle is right, and HP and Dell aren't playing along with the GPP terms, I see the whole program as already threatened.


Either HP and Dell think it's illegal or they think it will cost them more money to participate than stay out.


So what is Nvidia going to do with HP and Dell? Will they cut supplies? Will they hold back on early development parts like the GPP says?


If they do, it will cost Nvidia their position with the 2 biggest suppliers in the world.


If they don't, existing partners will be even more unhappy with the program.


Asus and MSI sell a lot of laptops, if AMD becomes more essential to that business with Intel-G Radeon processors and AMD APU, I think we will see the whole GPP thing implode.


If consumers boycott GPP partners enough for them to notice, Nvidia may very well have overplayed their hand, and if companies are fined for participating, I think Nvidia will have a very hard time winning partners over with what they think of next.


I can easily see GPP backfire, especially if AMD manages to take it up a level with Navi.
>Thats the Ryzen CPU slides ???!!! Very different markets 


No it's clearly GPU since it says Polaris for the gray non 66% part.


Opportunity is what isn't covered by Polaris, Vega took it a step up, hopefully Navi will do the same.


>AMD even had a survey done before the Polaris launch that found out 84% of all GPU sales are made in $100-$300 tiers.


That is not contrary to the higher end having a greater share of the Margin, and this cut at $200, so the range to $300 could be a very significant part of that 66% margin.
It took about 4 years to develop Zen, and almost another year before Ryzen was launched as a product consumers could actually buy.


This is the time it takes to develop a new high end CPU architecture from scratch. It's generally considered impossible to do it in less than 3 years, and it takes at least 6 months before production yield the first die.


So no they didn't do it in 2 years, they did it in 5.


Still your point is valid, because AMD was way more behind on CPU than they are on GPU, and on CPU it was across all segments from the small laptop to big server.


In the GPU market the RX 580 is actually very competitive against GTX 1060, and Vega 56 is competitive against GTX 1070, especially when Freesync is taken into consideration.
That's bullshit, you could say the same when Voodoo dominated completely with nothing even close, they seemed invincible until Nvidia came along with an insane development cadence, then Nvidia seemed invincible when they had Voodoo clearly beat. But surprisingly Matrox came along and was competitive for a while, and ATI later made what was actually the better option with for instance Radeon 9700 Pro.


Just because Nvidia has dominated longer than most doesn't mean the battle is over. AMD is actually doing pretty well, but had to cut R&D before Ryzen came out, because they were running at a deficit.


Now AMD is profitable again, and already last year, they increased R&D 25%.


Increased R&D will allow AMD to diversify more, and target each segment with more optimized products for them. As it is Vega was designed as a Jack of all trades, and as such it's actually very good, pretty much matching Nvidia Tesla in performance per mm² when accounting for the production process.


AMD has good design, what they lack most is diversity and production capability. Both will improve with better budgets and competitive GloFo production and because AMD can now also use TSMC like Nvidia.
The warranty is statutory, and you can't make an agreement with a consumer that is contrary to the law or put them in a worse position than the protection they have by law, such an agreement is illegal.


The warranty is only void if they can show that a fault is caused by unauthorized meddling.
Before inauguration I predicted Trump would last less than 2 years.


I still think that's very plausible, I'm actually a bit surprised the GOP still defend him so vigorously.
We need to do like China, and triple our efforts on renewable energy.


For instance In Denmark we can buy solar heavily subsidized up to 50% by the government, but AFAIK a country like Greece has very little solar, despite it should be quite competitive there. We need to funnel more subsidies in EU to where it has more benefit.
I would really prefer that UK stayed in EU, as I see it both EU and UK benefit. Either way I would also prefer the people of UK elected another government, the current government seems somewhat delusional and untrustworthy for a country we usually attribute high standards to.
Same in EU.
Trump friend working 3 jobs: I make my own breakfast, drive my own car, then I go to the office, where I have to tell everybody what to do, despite I don't really have a clue, but dad always said I have to do something.
Mee to.
>Indian politics spilled over into Canadian politics


What?


Apart from that, I can recognize much of what you say from other sources, India seems somewhat disorganized and chaotic, but they definitely do need to clean up corruption if they want to expand government more to organize the country better, which most likely will be a huge benefit to the poor, especially if healthcare programs like this are successful, and that does require taxes.


The caste system is really really awful, but such systems take many generations to get rid of, even if they are illegal and effectively abandoned, the social inertia will remain for generations.
I did, what do you mean?
The one thing I hope reviewers fix, is that they don't advertise their golden sample Intel Coffee Lake with motherboards that have all core turbo enabled as default, as what people should reasonably expect when they buy an ordinary Coffee Lake.


The original Coffee Lake reviews had so much cheating involved, the general review comparison to Ryzen can't be called remotely fair.


This time around, we have a better Ryzen, and Intel has Spectre and Meltdown patches that slow it down a little, so I suspect Ryzen will be pretty close on single thread, and extend the lead on heavy multithreaded loads.
I have never been in India, but from the news I read, it seems they really are trying to make things better for the people.


It's just a few weeks since I read they want to ensure basic health care for the poor, which will require the worlds biggest public healthcare program.


I really hope these programs will be successful, and any corruption regarding them will be punished quick and harsh, because corruption undermines democracy and progress.
If you mean in lack of consistency you are absolutely right.


One of the worst aspects of Danish is the complete lack of any consistency in gender designation to nouns, "common gender" and "non gender", it's completely arbitrary, and you either know the correct gender by heart, or you sound like an infantile.


A pretty good first defense against hostile foreign intelligence infiltration.


Danish is like German if you remove all the rules, and only mostly keep the structure.
Log:  
Today the captain wans't drunk.


It doesn't actually say that normally the captain is drunk, but we do have a tendency to infer things that aren't actually stated.
IMO it was more the i7 in productivity that was misleading, because Ryzen beat the crap out of i7 7700K which is what most people think of, when even the i7 6900K at a whopping $1000 for the CPU and requiring a more expensive motherboard too couldn't quite match Ryzen.


On productivity Ryzen beat i7 by about 33% in similar price bracket. Which makes it clearly misleading to call Ryzen an i7 for productivity.
Yes they are actually pretty good, and even good enough for a decent OC.
I think we may have an exaggerated opinion of how good Coffee Lake really is, because most testers OC, and as AdoredTV showed, reviewers probably got golden samples from Intel, exactly to achieve that effect. And most motherboards enabled all core turbo per default, which will actually fail for some users when they buy a normal non golden sample CPU.


Since the original reviews there has also been security patches for Spectre and Meltdown that have a performance impact.


The reality is that Coffee Lake isn't quite as good as it was generally shown to be by reviewers when it was released.
Nice early teaser. ;)


This looks OK, but I'm not sure it's a very good test, it tests against Intel with clearly faster RAM, which allegedly 2700x should be able to handle too. Despite that the results are actually pretty decent, but the main battle by reviewers will be on 1080 and 1080ti, not 1070 this test shows, and I'm afraid it may be less impressive on 1080/1080ti even with faster RAM.


It's also weird that according to the comments, the 2700X use way less power than a 1700X, considering the TDP was increased 10%, that doesn't make much sense.


OC will also be a major issue, if it OC well and actually deliver what GloFo claimed 12 nm would, that would have a major impact on peak results against Intel OC, and those are the ones people and media seem to take the most notice of, despite statistics show that it's only about 1% that OC.


The real take away I guess is that Ryzen 2700X is among the top 3 CPUs to get for gaming, and I'll be very surprised if it isn't number 1 for productivity.
Because trump is a narcissistic sociopath, the best avoid him because he is untrustworthy, and among the rest, he chooses his legal team according to his narcissistic sociopathic personality, which means he prefer lawyers that can win for him with cheating and bullying tactics over sound legal advice.
Oh the old changing the subject when you can see you are losing the point.


Maybe drop the stupid slogans, and your posts would seem less stupid that way.


Liberté, égalité, fraternité.
Yes.
So is a government collecting tax just to maintain infrastructure and police also stealing from the people?
No I'm a social democrat, and that's signified by red too.


So is GOP by the way, just another example of incredibly stupid right wing rhetoric I guess.
Why would you prefer death to a more socially just society? That sounds pretty crazy to me, and uhm, it's red now, so what happens next? You kill yourself?
It's voiding it on the question, so on the question: Where were you at 8 pm on that day? If you plead the fifth, you void your defense on the accusation that you probably were at some spot where you did something you shouldn't have.


I'm not at all claiming it goes for the entire scope of a case, that's ridiculous.
Which makes perfect sense because it basically boils down to:


>You accusations incriminate me, but in my defense I plead the fifth, because defending against your incrimination will incriminate me.


Pleading the 5th is voiding your option to defend yourself.
Cohen to Avenatti: 


You accusations incriminate me, but in my defense I plead the fifth, because defending against your incrimination will incriminate me.


OK...
It's not as much a problem as it is a symptom of 2 underlying problems.


The problems being that nobody likes to work with Trump, and Republicans are facing an uphill battle in the next election.
>Ryzen 2000 and X470 Boards started today.


They are listed, but boards aren't released until the 18th, and CPU the 19th.


But wow that's a very good range and some very attractive pricing for new boards with a new high end chipset! With more competitive prices for Ryzen 2k series too, I think AMD is set to take some marketshare again.


https://www.newegg.com/Product/ProductList.aspx?Submit=ENE&DEPA=0&Order=BESTMATCH&Description=X470&N=-1&isNodeId=1


Edit PS:


Soon the DIY market will be peanuts, OEM is where 90% of sales are, and although progress has been slow, it seems to be starting to pick up, and with Epyc it will soon completely overtake DIY.


Although the trend has been a bit downwards since October, with ER in January not quite matching the previous run-up, I wouldn't be surprised if the run-up to the upcoming ER will be bigger than in January because of Epyc.
The V1000 family is basically a Ryzen mobile, there is no way they are selling that with an average of more than 65% margin. Not even top of the line V1807 is likely to be up there, and on average definitely no.


Epyc E3000 may be up around 65%, but on average for embedded it's still a definite no. If AMD has an average of 45% that's pretty good in their current position.


>AMD overpay GF.


They probably do at least a little, but even if they didn't, there is no way AMD with their current position and volume can achieve similar margins to Nvidia and Intel. Nvidia has the full benefit of foundry competition, and Intel has the advantage of huge volume, and an extremely strong 14 nm process.
I argued exactly this point already when the tax plan was decided.


It's so blatantly obvious, the only uncertainty is how much it really is. My guess is it's not quite as bad as 80%, but it could be.


The problem here is that in the long run, the tax breaks will actually decrease investment in USA, as it drains money out of the country, because investment is not driven by taxes but profitability, and investing significantly more for about the same total amount of demand and profits is not profitable.


This means that instead of increased investments and activity from lower taxes helping the federal deficit, there will be a triple dip because tax cuts help funnel money out of the country. The dollar will weaken, interest rates are likely to go up, including on federal debts, less money will be spend in USA.


So lower taxes, less to tax and increased interest rates. That's a triple dip.
Completely irrelevant to your previous argument, seek impeachment <> say there's a cover up.


You are debating a completely different point now.
65-80% is crazy for embedded, embedded is specialized hardware that does not depend on a particular ISA. If an embedded chip is expensive, it won't sell, because the equipment can be made just as well with standard off the shelf parts. Embedded is probably THE most price competitive segment for any chip.
Around 135% maybe more. For every dollar we get we get two. /s
That's idiotic, so you can't say something is covered up unless you know what it is! When the purpose of a cover up is exactly to hide what is covered up.


It's like saying if something like a piece of furniture is covered up by a huge blanket, you can't claim something is covered by the blanket, unless you know what it is.


Your statement is utterly ridiculous.


And it's very obvious Trump is covering up, and there are blankets everywhere.
7 nm probably has about +40% performance in it alone, die shrink + better performance + new architecture will very likely put 1070 or even 1080 performance in the main stream range.


Nvidia will of course do the same.


Nothing new here.
Ryzen hasn't gained as much traction among OEMs as expected, and Epyc was only available about ½ a year later than expected and Ryzen Mobile about 3 moths later, with low early availability.


But AMD has pretty much stayed within what they promised, and their current product lines range from competitive to extremely competitive.


I think probably the most competitive product lines now are Ryzen mobile and Epyc, and those were exactly the ones that were late. Of course Threadripper is very competitive too, but that's a way smaller market.
Oh boy I so much hope this scumbag move will bite Nvidia in the back.


If HP and Dell aren't entering the GPP, it's guaranteed it's because they consider it could cost them more than staying out of it. So either they expect a lot from AMD, or they consider it legally too dangerous. It's very unlikely they are doing it, just because it's the right thing to do.
It's not skirting, it clearly oversteps the line, and is probably illegal in most countries. Problem is that it has to be provable, and how do you prove Nvidia is shorting supply to those who refuse to participate, or in other ways using extortionist or bribe strategies to compete unfairly against AMD.
And the "insomnium Nvidia" (if I remember correctly), which means something like: While Nvidia is sleeping.


You simply don't diss the competition like that unless you have a serious game changer. It made RTG look decidedly stupid when that could have been so easily avoided. Vega is actually pretty competitive with Tesla performance per mm² on a similar process. It's just that Tesla is both HUGE and made on a slightly better process.


Vega did put RTG back on the scene in a higher level bracket dGPU, and it is more power-efficient for APU, and it does have very strong compute capability. But it is not a game changer. For AMD as a company maybe, but consumers in general don't give a shit about that, and it has zero marketing value.
Yes AFAIK that's true, but the VIA CPU is not a direct competitor to either Intel or AMD, probably more to Arm. VIA may actually be beneficial for x86 ecosystem overall, so even if they do tap a bit into AMD/Intel markets, it's probably not a total loss. My guess is that AMD may even make a bit of money on them, as I don't see how they cam make A64 compatible chips without paying a license to AMD, but maybe they've found a way around that?
If they already stole everything, why would they buy it? And it's not like they don't give anything in return, that pretty red MAGA hat of yours is made in China for almost nothing.
Urban mothers.
At least they are negotiating to get money **from** China, not to pay them for cheap MAGA merchandise.
No this was specifically because of Zen.


It's pretty obvious they don't create a joint venture to make a CPU that isn't competitive and about to be phased out, and the agreement has clauses on "achieving certain milestones", which obviously means new technology not old. Zen was not released at the time, but was pretty close.
You are conflating business and stock price, business wise AMD is just about exactly where they promised they would be, AMD does not decide the stock price. We were wrong to think AMD shares would increase when they didn't, but AMD has pretty much delivered as promised, in fact they have even beat it a little every single quarter for more than a year now.
I've been saying all along, AMD is extremely well positioned to take huge CPU and GPU market share in China for several reasons.


1. AMD is the better value proposition.  
2. AMD has a very open and complete toolchain.  
3. AMD offer semi custom designs.  
4. AMD has proven their ability to form strong long lasting partnerships.  


Nvidia falls flat on just about all counts, while Intel has monetized their position a bit too much, they hardly even have a toolchain, they don't do semi custom, and their partnerships are based more on Intel industry dominance than actually being real partnerships.


Apart from that, AMD may have an advantage in Lisa Su being closer and more familiar with Chinese culture than most CEOs.
Both Polaris and Vega have obvious advantages, they are far from turds. When Polaris was released it was hailed by reviewers as the best value ever at the time. How is that in any way marketing a turd? Vega was actually pretty good, it was only compared to the hype RTG helped create that it wasn't. For gaming it was decent but with strong advantages in for instance Freesync and computational power which made it extremely powerful for productivity. Not at all a turd. What made it seem like a turd was poor advertising with a poor advertising strategy.
And then the drug testing increase the cost of the food stamp program, and they will claim to spend more money on food stamps than they ever did.


Spending more money to be less helpful is sociopathic. It's all about control without empathy. Republican policies are generally sociopathic in their complete lack of empathy or consideration for the consequences.


About half of American voters, vote for sociopathy as their preferred governing standard.
> Will the dems ever full on attack Fox News? 


When they get the majority, all they need to do is modernize regulation around free speech carrying responsibilities too, like they have in more civilized countries.
>The issue with polaris is it is ALL AMD had to offer


That is probably because AMD lacked resources, not a fault of Raja. AMD was bleeding to death, and had to cut on R&D, which is also why the ARM efforts were scrapped.


AMD only barely turned a profit in 2017, and despite that they increased R&D 25%, which shows pretty clearly that R&D was underfunded. I suspect we will see similar R&D increase this year, as AMD is improving their business, in part thanks to Vega, which is way better than its reputation.
Tak det lyder meget fornuftigt. Jeg var ikke personligt bekymret, men jeg vil nødigt forårsage at andre får problemer som kunne være undgået.
She is a Nazi so obviously Nazis aren't her enemy, Stalinism is her natural enemy. Anything against her is in some way Stalinism in her mind.


I guess most Americans that realize what she stands for are her enemy, which again makes Americans and USA as a whole her true enemy.


I wonder how so many Americans consider FOX representative of their views, when FOX essentially has become anti American at its core.
>GOP Sen. Bob Corker is having second thoughts about his vote on the new tax reform law,


I guess whether it's the worst is hard to tell among so many other very bad votes.
>GOP Sen. Bob Corker is having second thoughts about his vote on the new tax reform law,


I guess whether it's the worst is hard to tell among so many other very bad votes.
And you think people are so stupid they figured Intel responded in 3 months after Ryzen was actually released?


Intel knew where AMD were most likely heading with Ryzen 1½ year in advance, more than enough time to quickly cook together Coffee Lake as a response.


Intel has NEVER increased cores for desktop CPU without competition from AMD. Intel would probably gladly have kept their segmentation with 6 cores as the starting point for HEDT.


Competition was way more likely than not the reason Intel added 2 extra cores to Coffee Lake, and increased their value proposition 50% in one generation which is a first, and only ½ a year after Kabylake, which is a first too.


If this hasn't all the signs of scrambling to compete all over it, I don't know what could make you see it.


But no they didn't do it in 3 months, that much we can agree on.
Honestly my first thought too, although the Threadripper marketing was pretty brilliant IMO.
A lot was known about Ryzen way earlier than 3 months ahead. For instance that it probably would be 8 core was known since December 2015, 1½ year prior to Coffee Lake release. And don't even try to claim Intel doesn't clearly know more than us.


Without the /s it simply makes you a naive fool.


Coffeelake is nothing but a simple refresh, adding 2 cores is little more than it was for AMD to make Threadripper, and can very plausibly be done in even less time than the 1½ year Intel had to do it in.
Switch sides?


Oh wait, I think he already did.
you forgot the /s
Cheap spot for FedEx. They don't give a shit.
OK that sounds nice, I haven't played much with Rasp Pi lately, I had 3D acceleration enabled in boot options, and suddenly it wouldn't boot with that, so I had to remove it.
That's kind of weird too?
That is weird, no moderator responses yet?
From the link directly to it I can, but it says removed instead of having a text attached.
Nothing will surprise me anymore, I just don't see how that's justified with the projections AMD have. It seems RR is picking up steam a bit, and I can't really see how Epyc can fail.
>I andre tilfælde får den diskriminerede bøden eller en person får frataget en ret som vedkommende brugte af fri vilje. 


Der er ingen der går fuldstændig tildækket af fri vilje medmindre de er påvirket af religion eller er udklædt, hvilket man ikke behøver i offentligt rum.


Bøden gives muligvis til en undertrykt kvinde, men når hun er undertrykt i den grad, står der generelt en familie eller mand bag, som rammes økonomisk i samme grad, dermed er der økonomisk incitament til at stoppe med at kravet, ligesom der er økonomisk incitament til at stoppe med at rette sig efter det.


Det er absolut ikke en perfekt løsning, men det er mindre uperfekt end at fortsætte med bare at tillade religiøs diskrimination.


Du kritiserer at det ikke hjælper nok, hvis du har bedre forslag, så kom med dem, tilsyneladende er din eneste "løsning" helt at undlade med at forsøge at løse problemet.


Loven er ikke religiøs, og til forskel fra religion kan loven laves om hvis beviserne taler imod den. Biblen og Koranen tillader stadig slaveri, selvom vi alle ved at det er forkert.
Deres bevis er en IP adresse, og kravet stilles mod ejeren af den IP adresse.


Så helt uden skygge er det ikke, det er dog ikke tilstrækkeligt til at identificere hvilken person det er, ligesom det ikke er bevis for at indholdet er ulovligt, da det reelle indhold kan afvige fra beskrivelsen.


Jeg fik et par breve for 1½ år siden, men ignorerede dem bare, og har ikke hørt noget siden.


Jeg troede faktisk de havde opgivet, da jeg ikke har hørt noget om det i lang tid.


Jeg er ikke jurist,  men der kan muligvis være et problem i bare at ignorere henvendelserne, da der er en del retspraksis som medfører et vist ansvar for rettidighed  i indsigelser. 


Men personligt opfatter jeg brevene som et forsøg på at bedrage, og der er vel heller ikke krav om at svare Nigerianske prinser og prinsesser.
I expect AMD will include 7nm+ or 7nm refresh too, 7nm (what you call 3000) will be out next year, which is less than 3 years and before 2020.


I don't see why they should switch socket merely for a refresh. The 3 years were guaranteed, that means it's a minimum, not a maximum.
>Forbuddet er jo slet ikke rettet imod den der diskriminerer (personens nærmeste) men mod den diskriminerede,


Nej det er rettet imod det diskriminerende element, og fungerer som modvægt til et diskriminerende krav i Koranen. Det diskriminerende krav i Koranen er gjort ulovligt, og dermed er det nu decideret ulovligt for Muslimer at forlange at kvinder overholder det.


Det er en begrænsning i den personlige frihed for folk der ikke er diskriminerede, ligesom det er en begrænsning i den personlige frihed at vi skal bruge sikkerhedsseler når vi ikke kører galt. Overordnet set er gevinsten  dog i gennemsnit større med loven end uden loven. For folk kører statistisk forudsigeligt galt med en forudsigelig frekvens, ligesom der statistisk er kvinder der diskrimineres med krav om anonymiserende påklædning. Hvilket er stærkt undergravende socialt og personligt.
3 years.


https://hothardware.com/news/amd-confirms-am4-socket-support-future-ryzen-processors-2020
>like Intel


Not at all like Intel, Skylake, Kabylake and Coffeelake all required new chipsets and/or socket, and made their predecessors obsolete with a lifespan generally around a year with no upgrade path, and as short as 6 months.


AM4 was guaranteed a 3 year lifespan when it was introduced, which means there are 2 more years left in it, with upgrade path to 12 and 7 nm, and probably 7+ nm.


How can you compare this to Intel with a strong tradition for zero new gen upgrade path?
That's an incredibly stupid comment to make, as if they are all equally bad which is very far from the truth, Facebook is exceptionally bad, the worst of them all.
OK that's nice, I did have 3d acceleration enabled on a Rasp. Pi 3 but it suddenly stopped working after a kernel upgrade around a year ago, maybe it's default now IDK, maybe I'll have a look again?


AFAIK Rasp Pi is the closest there is to decent driver support, and AFAIK that's considered experimental.


I just don't get why we don't see Arm based Linux nettbooks etc, with working graphics drivers, one would think there is a market, considering how successful the concept originally was with early Atom, which Arm should easily be able to beat on performance price and batterylife today.
All the patents Intel paid license to Nvidia for until March last year. Which ended because the patents expired.


https://www.fudzilla.com/news/graphics/42815-intel-s-nvidia-gpu-license-expires-in-march
The open source efforts are valiant, but when vendors don't participate and open specs, it has never resulted in good drivers with good acceleration especially 3D. Which makes Linux a second rate citizen. I prefer not to buy hardware that treat Linux like that.
Ironic wasn't exactly the word I was thinking of, but OK.
Software rendering no thanks.


So where is this Arm Linux thing that has quality GPU drivers? Usually they are proprietary and only support old kernels, holding back the entire tool chain. or they are open source without proper graphics acceleration.
Uber competes by not adhering to local law and regulation, worse safety worse insurance, and they don't pay for licenses. Apart from that Uber drivers have been documented to cheat a lot on their taxes, and Uber probably cheats too.


It's pretty damned easy to be competitive under those circumstances.
Det er nok rigtigt, men vi har set før at den slags regler misbruges udover det tiltænkte. Hvis reglen specifikt er tiltænkt at ramme romaer er den reelt ulovlig, da det er diskrimination af et etnisk mindretal.
Jeg er temmelig sikker på at Imamen ikke har vurderet beviserne på området nøgternt, men baserer sin overdrevne sikkerhed udelukkende på tro og fordomme.
Det her er altså ikke primært om tørklæder, men beskriver flersidige indgreb.


>En hjemløs skal nu idømmes fængselsstraf for tiggeri og kan få et forbud mod at opholde sig i en hel kommune efter at have opholdt sig i en ”utryghedsskabende lejr”.


Jeg må indrømme jeg finder det en falliterklæring når man vælger at straffe svage borgere for at være svage, i stedet for at forsøge at hjælpe med at løse det reelle problem.


Jeg mener dog at forbud mod tildækning i høj grad er et forbud imod en diskriminerende tradition, at fjerne "retten" til at diskriminere på et område er ikke en begrænsning i personlig frihed.
Completely missing the point.


It could just as well be a flag that symbolize freedom, with a slogan to that effect, except in this case it refers to a communist slogan, which is funny.


The fun thing about Linux and free software, is that it works for both libertarian and socialist ideologies.
Another Trump lie. Because he really doesn't give a shit.


All he does is to stroke his own ego, and when people fail to idolize him, the only response he knows is bullying. And when he fails, he doesn't try to fix it, but try instead to pass the bill to someone else.


There will be no solutions on anything from Trump, because his mind simply isn't geared for it.
And you are setting the standard for one of the most developed and richest countries in the world, based on it's worse in a 3rd world developing country?


But I guess that's the only standard USA can match these days. But it used to be that Americans generally had higher standards.
>They are just as stuck on non-renewables as we are


That's a decidedly ridiculous comment, There's a reason EU release only about a third CO2 per capita compared to USA.


EU countries have had energy policies that took sustainability into account since the 70's. USA started on the path with Carter, but Reagan outright demolished it, and republicans have blocked most of it ever since.


Renewable is more extensively build in EU, and most of EU has modernized the grid to facilitate it, even across country borders, and there are taxes to prevent waste, and regulation for electric appliances with marking of energy efficiency, and regulation to discourage waste, and when the label was introduced, there were even subsidy campaigns for purchasing the highest efficiency standard. EU is continuing this with EU standards so for instance common appliances must be less than 1w on standby. Gas is also taced to prevent people from using gas guzzlers, and the average mileage in EU for cars is way higher than USA as a result.


USA has way better conditions for renewable especially solar, and of course similar options to curb consumption through taxation.


>Buddy, we're the boogeyman of environmentalism because we don't play ball 


You are the boogeyman because you behave like it. I don't give a shit by what means USA improve sustainability, the problem is USA is among the ones doing the least to improve, while being among the worst offenders, and having more than most in resources.
As I started with that's whataoutism, and it was almost 3 decades ago, even dictators listen when the people protest, and even dictators can decide to do the right thing, just as democracies can choose to do the wrong thing.


China is far from perfect, that doesn't mean they never listen to their population, and as it has been reported to me, the environment protests actually did have an impact on official Chinese policies, so they decided to dramatically speed up environmental policies.
> China is nonstop building coal plants.


That's taken out of context, what are they replacing?


China has lowered CO2 each year for the past 5 years, despite being a developing country and increasing production more than USA.


You are cherry picking talking points.


>And their population is over 4X the USA. They are wreaking havoc on the environment compared to America. 


Per capita it's already way less than USA, and China is actually committed to improve, and spend a good portion of their resources on it.


USA pollute way more per capita, and spend way less of their resources to improve.


To point out that China pollute more together with 4x more people, is like claiming USA is OK because the rest of the world put together pollute more.
>US emission rates have been steadily falling as the Easts' explodes.


That's simply false Chinese CO2 is falling too.


And for USA? Oh yes because it fell after the financial crisis, wow how responsible of USA to have a financial crisis to help against global warming.


It's extremely easy for USA to lower CO2 at little cost, because USA has done so little in the past.


China is lowering CO2 too, and has for several years, and that's a developing country with much higher growth.


Setting the standard extremely low, is not a good indicator of whether USA is doing well. USA is NOT doing at all well on this issue. USA invest less per capita than poorer countries with less than half the CO2 per capita.


It's a disgrace, and it's appalling, and it's simply not acceptable.
A huge reason the Communist party is following this policy is that there have been protest marches regarding the environment.


Yes for any country all policy is a mix of more complex matters, however in USA the governing mentality has been to vote against it, when some repubtard claims to not give a fuck helps create jobs. Just leave it in the hands of the lord Jesus Christ, what ever could go wrong?
Yes, but China was already working on that when they decided to double their efforts due to global warming, and China already isn't nearly as bad as it was a few years ago.
>Personally I prefer the US's version of just winding down electrical use altogether


USA isn't doing nearly enough considering their pollution level is extremely high, and they have more resources than most to do anything serious about it.


What USA began to do on saving electricity just a few years ago Europe has been doing since the 70's.


You want to defend USA, but there is no way around the fact that USA has contributed more than any other economy to the mess we are now in regarding global warming, and USA continue to be among the countries that do the least to repair the damage, and especially the least both compared to their share in the problem and level of resources, despite they even have the best environment and natural resources for it too.


I know a lot of Americans want USA to do more, but repubtards are blocking it. USA is the only country in the world where a major party is basing their policies on denial of scientific consensus.
Although there have been some nice pieces of news lately, they are not enough to do much, we will probably mostly follow the market, unless or until something major is revealed.


There might be a ramp up pre ER though, but we are not quite there yet.
I prefer user posts, because they often contain a small tidbit to get it started.
Whataboutism.


But I'll respond anyway. it's a common problem for all developing countries, China has cities and industrial areas that dwarf the biggest in USA. So it was almost inevitable.


But China has made huge progress in this area too in very few years, and it's better now despite the economy is still growing, and China isn't a wealthy country.


USA has been dragging their feet since the 70's on energy sustainability, focusing more on expansion and securing resources than sustainability. ALL EU countries have focused on sustainability too since the 70's, which is why EU has about a third CO2 per capita now, so fuck USA very much for contributing way more than their fair share to the CO2 problem for at least half a century, and for continuing to not give a shit.


If Europe had been as reckless as USA, it would be much closer to game over for humanity.


Fortunately things in USA are better on the state level, but iit's not enough, USA pollute way above any reasonable quota, and invest way less than can reasonably be expected considering USA has all the best resources naturally economically and technologically.


USA is simply behaving selfishly and is overall a very bad citizen in the global community on this issue.


Edit PS:


I can only take the downvotes as Americans who won't own up to having any responsibility. Despite they on average have more than most.
Traditionally yes, but Trump doesn't do anything like everybody else, so there's a good chance this will neither pop or burst, but more likely explode magnificently.
Still three poor people spending 3 times more than 1 guy that is richer than the 3 combined shows a huge difference in dedication between the rich guy and the poor. The rich guy basically doesn't give a fuck by comparison.
Are you planning to donate again?


-Yes.


No further questions.
Or maybe not because a crown prince could be a threat.
Bill Maher apparently don't get this simple concept:


https://xkcd.com/1357/
>DR skal sende "public service". Men hvad er det præcist?


Helt enig, DR har omdefineret public service så det passer til hvad de gerne vil sende. Fladpandet underholdning og sport er blevet til public service, og dermed har betegnelsen reelt ikke længere nogen værdi.


Teoretisk kan man sige at det at sende er en service, og da DR sender til offentligheden er alt de sender public service.
Det kan da aldrig være frit når det er er finansieret af en skat folketinget afgør, og medielicensen var nøjagtigt ligeså meget en skat, og DR var nøjagtigt lige så lidt fri med den. Medielicensen var bare en afsindigt tåbelig skat.


DR uafhængighed afhænger af at armslængdeprincippet overholdes, og har intet at gøre med hvordan pengene til DR opkræves.
Jeg mener hvorfor skulle ulve udsættes i Nordjylland hvor der er flest ledige boliger?
NRA is a terrorist organization, terrorists are generally delusional in one or more ways.
I guess the "news" is that we are now at or near the time where this becomes reality.
It's up to younger generations to counter the backwards thinking, fear and onsetting dementia of older generations.


It's the younger generations that failed to take control. Trump is fucking 71 years old, obviously racist sexist and a sociopath, and the younger generations are complaining because they completely failed to care about democracy enough to even go vote.


Pull yourself together and get a grip. It's not you grandads fault your friends didn't vote.


Edit PS:


Maybe the only good thing to come of all this, is that people actually begin to care more about democracy.
He is a symptom of a collective mental disease.
Without competition quality is lowered for more profits. Because without competition it's still the "best".
Så drop dog det middelalderlige kvotesystem, som svarer til at der kun må være en bager en smed en brygger i samme by.


Det er fint at der stilles lovmæssige krav til branchen, men tilladelse kvotesystemet er reelt en skat, og det er konkurrence hæmmende og skadeligt for både branchen og forbrugere.


Samtidig kunne man fjerne de særlige skattefordele for bilerne, hvor frikørsel reelt er offentligt tilskud, som presser branchen over i spekulation i dyre luksus biler.
300 sekunder lyder mere præcist.
Yes, they silently participate without alerting authorities or the public.


That means they are complicit in conspiring against competition that benefit consumers.
Nah, that's actually pretty funny, although not entirely fair, because AMD also lowered prices, which Intel hasn't for about a decade despite lower production cost.
That isn't quite the same. Prices are lower than when Ryzen was introduced a year ago, and it works with the already existing AM4 platform, which is cheaper than comparable Intel.


Intel has kept their pricing for several generations despite lower production cost and very little performance gain, and they have introduced new redundant chipsets so new motherboards are required too, keeping prices artificially high.


Of course we hoped for more with Ryzen 2, because GloFo claimed 12 nm alone would provide 10%+ performance benefit over 14 nm. But considering the price AFAIK is around 10% lower on average too for 2xxx Ryzen, it's a total value increase of 20%+ in a year.


That's twice what Intel has generally offered for a decade. Of course with the exception of last year where competition clearly showed Intel could do better.


Of course if it was AMD who had the monopoly, they would probably monetize it more too.


Competition is good for consumers, so consumers should favor AMD as the smaller player, at least a little, when the offering is competitive, and especially when it's actually better.
>BAd jobs report for March 2018 


But you just linked me an article a few days ago, that said March was very good?
He is absolutely right that Apple desire maximum control, and the Apple Arm Chips are way ahead of the competition and will be way more viable than what Microsoft recently presented.


It was also argued in the original Bloomberg article that Apple would probably only use Arm in low end products in the beginning.


All that considered, I still believe AMD is offering a superior alternative with semi custom and Ryzen.
No
Except Nvidia did, and Intel had to pay steep licenses to Nvidia for years until the patents expired.


https://www.fudzilla.com/news/graphics/42815-intel-s-nvidia-gpu-license-expires-in-march
They did, and Intel paid some pretty steep licenses to them for years, but now the patents have run out, and Intel would probably have prepared to not get into a similar situation again.
While this may sound somewhat scary, in all honesty every major economy has had similar policies, USA, EU, and the old Soviet Union.


It's probably much about independence and supply security. If China did not consider such issues they should probably be considered incompetent.


I'm from a small country that could never pursue such a strategy, and is very dependent on trade with surrounding countries, but despite that even we have protective mechanisms in our foreign trade.


Historically the pursuit of such strategies has caused wars, and it was a major component of WW2 to secure supply chains.


I much prefer China to do it internally.
What USA and Trump don't realize is that they are clearly the long term underdog here, USA think they can threaten China with limited access to a way bigger export markets than USA has with China. What they fail to realize is that China can threaten American exports globally with way higher production capability, and undermine USA much like USA has done with Cuba in the past.


This is of course an extreme scenario, but Trump seems to think he can bully other countries by out crazy them. But if this goes really crazy, USA will lose bigly.
Make your own estimate and come back with your results, I provided the necessary links for it.
On a process with dies that are half as big and If the errors double you still have better yields because of better utilization of the edge. 14 nm to 7 nm is actually a die size that is only a third for the same amount of transistors per die.


Because of increased number of errors, the yield would obviously be lower for similar size dies, but that doesn't mean the yield is lower for similar amount of transistors per die for the reasons I already described.


Did you see my calculation?
Damned if this is the best they can do with 10 nm, it doesn't
look good.


Of course it'll get better, but 10 nm is already so much delayed.
In exactly 2½ hours, and you can take that to the bank, they'll probably laugh, but you can do it.


/s
> Who the hell cares what that guy has to say?


He was the Republican presidential candidate at the time, running against Obama, so I think a lot of people cared.


>bc most of their arguments resolve around feelings and not objective reality.


That probably used to be true, especially up until the 70's. When I say socialist I generally mean Social Democrat, and there is a lot of evidence from the past now that seem to support that apart from being more humane, social democratic policies are actually financially sound. This goes against traditional economic models like Keynesian economics which by many economists were taken as gospel for decades. But that model is now seriously discredited by the failure of every attempt at following it.


What you call objective reality, I call a bubble, where economy is seen in isolation from factors that obviously influence it significantly.
>many people are scared 


I'm not scared, although I'm far from rich, I'm financially secure, and I don't live in the USA.


>The market fundamentals are still strong 


That's what John MC Cain said when the financial crisis hit. But I agree I don't think we are facing anything nearly similar to that right now. I do however think Trump will cause an economic slow down, the current economy is in part inertia and in part held up with borrowed money, neither can continue for long.


>In relation to AMD, I still have faith in the company


Absolutely, that we agree on. Nothing has changed fundamentally for AMD since ER, and the tariffs don't do that either. AMD has amazing products now, and they will get even better with 7 nm, and AMD has huge growth potential even without expanding into new markets.


>Cheers


Cheers 2U2, but be careful with that, next thing you know, you might have a beer with a socialist.  ;)
It opens at 9:30, it's still just a few minutes past 8 NASDAQ time.


But there is pre market trading.
We may disagree politically, but when you have a valid point, I'm not going to dis that completely, although I guess I did a little. ;)


But I hope you understand that from where I stand that was justified.
No, nothing happened to for instance Nvidia, Intel however had a simultaneous drop which they recovered from immediately.
Maybe, I did mention it too in the thread about the upgrade.


But I'm far from sure that is it. Intel had a simultaneous drop. It might have something to do with the Apple thing.
Technically we only gained 2.3%, but you are absolutely right, from where it opened at $9.08 to the after hour jump to $10.01, we gained 10.24%, which is a pretty crazy swing within a single day.
Does Intel have anything on 10 nm yet? Or is this potentially the first 10 nm product from Intel?


I heard Intel has problems with die size on 10 nm, if the result is that they can only make Atom yet, that seems pretty bad.
Thank you for making these, very well done. ;)
The Scorpio die is 359 mm².


My point stands, they can make an 8 core Ryzen + full Vega on a similar or smaller die with 7 nm.


The shrink to 7 nm is apparently 3x transistor density from 14 nm, which means they can actually do it pretty close to the 250 mm² I originally stated.


https://www.semiwiki.com/forum/content/6713-14nm-16nm-10nm-7nm-what-we-know-now.html


I didn't claim it would be cheaper, but this would obviously be a more high end product, so it doesn't have to.


with an area of 359 mm² for the Xbox One X die the yield per wafer is around 104 good die per wafer. I used 19x19mm for calculation.


On 14 nm process we know Ryzen is 212 mm² + Vega 484 mm² = 696 mm²


On 7 nm the transistor density is 3x that so it would be around 232 mm² for this theoretical APU.


With an area of 232 mm² the yield would be 205 good die per wafer, using 15x15 mm for my calculation.


So when the die is smaller from 359 mm² to 232 mm² which is 35% smaller die, it can double the yield per wafer, due to better utilization of area, and each error affecting a smaller part of the wafer.


So if per wafer cost is double what is currently paid, this way more high end product will cost the same to make.


If transistor cost remains the same, it means mm² and wafer cost is tripled, and this theoretical way higher end part will be about 50% more expensive to make.
http://caly-technologies.com/en/die-yield-calculator/


https://www.semiwiki.com/forum/content/6713-14nm-16nm-10nm-7nm-what-we-know-now.html


Transistor density is almost 3x, better edge utilization due to smaller die fitting edges better, and each error on the wafer affect a smaller area as dies are smaller.


14 nm example: around 18x12 mm² = 216 mm² yield is app 209 good die per wafer.  


with 3x better density area is 216/3 = 72 mm²


7 nm example: 9x6 mm = 72 mm² and yields 1033 good die.


1033/209 = 4.9


Close enough.


My original example which was estimated in my head calculated more exactly:


14 nm 700 mm² 35x20 mm = 38 good die.


With 3x better density 700 mm² becomes 233 mm²


7 nm 233 mm² 23x10 = 192 good die.


192/38 = 5.05
OK if we can get GOP to agree crazy liberals shouldn't have guns, maybe they'll agree that crazy conservatives shouldn't either.


Enough is enough, sides don't matter, gun regulation is an issue that regards everybody.
And we just had a nice little jump above $10 in aftermarket.
And as I showed you, despite more than twice the cost per mm², such a chip would easily be cheaper on 7nm. Because even if the cost per wafer is more than 2x, it can have 5x yields, which would make it cost less than half per working chip, and each chip would be faster and more power efficient too.
There is no such myth, We are at the point of diminishing returns, where the cost per transistor remains about the same on a new process.  My guess is that the cost per mm² is only slightly above double for 7 nm compared to 14.


The feasibility depends on die size and error rate. If a 14 nm 700 mm² which is the approximate size of a full Ryzen + full Vega die has an error rate of 90% it's not very feasible, but on 7 nm it is only 350 mm², and if it then has an error rate of 30%, it is clearly more  feasible to make due to the improved process. With at least 5 times higher yield per wafer.


Of course 7 nm is more expensive per mm², I wasn't talking about similar cost, I was talking about the technological feasibility.


My 250 mm² example was a bit off though, as it's really only a full Ryzen + full Polaris that can be shrunk to 250 mm², with Vega it would be 350 mm², but still smaller than a single Vega on 14 nm, so not unrealistic.


If GloFo can actually do that economically already in about a year, AMD will be extremely well set on 7 nm.
That's nonsense.
If it's 7 nm they can fit 8 cores plus a full Vega on around ~~250~~ 350 mm². Although it's Navi, I have to compare to Vega, because we don't know anything about Navi yet.


But if they are designing for that already, they must be super confident in 7 nm process fault rate. Although it doesn't have to be as good as 14 nm to be feasible.
Brilliant idea, I hear Muller serves visitors the best cake ever! Trump should swing by on his way to Mar-a-Lago.
Trump you are completely cleared, you can take a few extra days off now, maybe go golfing or do something else that doesn't destroy the country.
No it isn't it's just Jeff Bezos that owns it, and he is also a major shareholder in Amazon.


So technically and legally it's 100% wrong.


The article does mention it though, and it's better than the poor headline indicates. I do like the ending:


>A month from now, after the market finally comprehends that Trump lacks the dictatorial powers required to break Amazon, its stock price will recover. Learning his lesson, Trump will find some weakling he can whup.
I think you may be unaware about some of the things Gabe Newell stated as his reasoning for starting the SteamBox/SteamOS project.


Freedom of hardware options was one of the points he argued for, because it's part of what drives innovation both on the hardware side and game development side. He had some examples of it on Windows, which he believed could be threatened by some of the new Microsoft policies surrounding Windows 8.


Of course there could be some easy to identify guidelines to qualify for some label that signify the hardware level, but it would probably become a mess pretty quickly, and could be more misleading than helpful.


An example of that would be "Certified for Vista", which was a much simpler certification. Yet it was messed up because of conflicting interests.
That article is several Mins old.


/That was also a joke. ;)


Looks good, I hope it lasts but I doubt it will, republicans do have a tendency to crash the economy.
It was a joke. Your diet has nothing to do with politics, but the current drop in the stock market has.


Peace.
At least it has nothing to do with politics. ;)
Yeah of course without the typo it's a bit easier.


I was thinking more along the lines of at least a new line for each item, and maybe formatting more like:


2016 Dec.1.to Dec.28. = $8.27 - $12. 41 = +$4.14 (+50%)


Or simply:  
Dec 2016 +$4.14 or 50%.


But it's a nice point, and I hope we will rebound soon. ;)
>12/1/16-12-28/16 =$8.27-$12.41


This is extremely hard to read, but I think you mean it increased about 50% in December 2016?


Which is just about the increase necessary for me to achieve parity ATM.
Yeah I found that kind of silly at the time, because we've been waiting for Epyc for so long and now it has finally arrived.


I'm still waiting for the turnaround to result in better stock prices. But there are also Christians who are still waiting for Jesus to return, which the Bible stated 2000 years ago would be very soon. So at least I'm not alone. ;)
I don't know what it is, but there is clearly a difference, I have a friend who skipped 4th grade, and then skipped a grade just before high school and was the youngest entering collage the year he did, and he excelled in math which is generally a decent indicator.


Obviously he is highly intelligent, but he absolutely sucked at grasping programming concepts, and despite he really put some effort into it, he never got any good at it.


Another friend struggled way more with his engineering education, and had to study pretty hard for it. But he really had a nag for turning concepts into working code.


Seems to me there is some sort of fundamental difference in how we connect the abstract and concrete, which I think may be the most necessary mental capacity.


Everybody get better with training of course, but there definitely is a difference in how hard it is.


But even if it is hard, the most important thing is to enjoy it, with practice you learn routines that make it easier, and as a professional discipline generally beats talent, or at least matches it.


PS my wife used to suck hard at math too, but she is a pretty decent programmer (hobbyist) and have been involved in a few open source projects and have done well.


But she has become way better at math after beginning to program, turns out she was probably taught the wrong way, in school she learned fractions by her music teacher, after failing it in math class.


Sometimes it's not really lack of ability to understand and learn the concepts that are the problems, sometimes it's how it's presented and approached.


The best place to start is your greatest strengths and interests, if it's music, language graphics or design, try to do something that relates to that. Having an interest in the subject beyond merely learning how to program helps immensely.


PS:


It does require patience, like learning a different language.
> What do you know now that you should have known before about this stock that would have made you sell ?


I don't know, but I have the perfect excuse, it's because I'm stupid. So stop asking me questions if you want a non stupid answer.


Maybe if I had known I was this stupid I wouldn't have bought stock at all in the first place?


I knew the USD would probably decline, and I knew Trump might very likely crash the economy and/or stock market.


Yet I went ahead and bought US stock anyway, because I thought AMD could beat the trend, how stupid is that?
Exactly.
>US could forgive its Chinese debt.


What? You can't forgive your own debt, AFAIK USA owe China money not the other way around. If USA forfeit on the debt to China, all hell breaks lose. It would be way way worse than Greece after the financial crisis.
Ha I wouldn't be surprised if they bought up, because they thought this was a great move for American business.
Yes, this looks really bad. :(


I'm now down about 30%, which means AMD has to jump 50% for me to just achieve parity.
I already admitted I was probably an idiot for holding, that has now been confirmed.


But it's kind of nice to know where I stand, it gives me a kind of calm. From now on, if anyone blames me for something, I now have the perfect excuse, and I can document it's true. If anything bad happens, I know why. It's probably just because I'm an idiot.


You on the other hand, still have to take responsibility for your actions.


So at least there is that. ;)
Det er jeg enig i, jeg nævner det dog nogle gange, men kun hvis det har relevans til emnet, f.eks. forskelle i lovgivning, politik eller kultur. Eller hvis det kan have en morsom effekt.


Jeg tror de fleste har det på samme måde.
Forudsætningen er stadig fejlagtig, da den er at el-biler kræver voldsomt meget mere energi at producere, hvilket mig bekendt ikke reelt er dokumenteret, men er baseret på undersøgelser fra 90erne, der nærmest lignede propaganda imod el-biler, og var baseret på andre batterityper, og lav grad af genanvendelse.
>Yderligere så er el-biler meget meget CO2 tunge at producere.


Det er en meget gammel påstand fra før litium batterier blev standard, jeg tvivler på at den stadig holder, og jeg tvivler særligt på at den holder i takt med at litium batterier bliver genanvendt.


Det vil så også på sigt holde mindre i takt med at el produktion får lavere CO2 niveau, da produktion generelt hovedsageligt bruger el som energikilde, og produktion der ikke bruger el, går mere og mere over til el.
En el-bil er mere grøn omtrent fra første kilometer, og selv ved 100% kulproduceret strøm udleder en elbil kun ca. det halve CO2 i forhold til en sammenlignelig benzin eller diesel. Diesel er lidt bedre end benzin på CO2, men har til gengæld flere skadelige partikler. Selv med 100% kulproduceret strøm har elbilen sandsynligvis færre skadelige partikler end diesel, fordi kræftværker har bedre effektivitet og filtre.


Påstanden om xxx km er baseret på at produktion af en elbil er mere miljøbelastende, hvilket stammer fra gamle mere miljøskadelige batterier end Litium, og selv dengang var beregningen tvivlsom. Der er mig bekendt overhovedet ingen basis for påstanden med litium batterier. I øvrigt kan materialerne i batterier genanvendes til produktion af nye batterier, nøjagtigt som så mange andre dele af en bil.
Det er jo også let hvis man ikke bruger penge på at overholde reglerne, og så ovenikøbet snyder i skat.
Jeg tror langt de fleste håndværkere er pænt mere legitime end uber chauffører i gennemsnit.
Det var synd. Du har min medfølelse, og mine bedste ønsker for din fremtid selvom odds nok er imod dig.
Medmindre du er fra Danmark selvfølgelig.
Not to say I'm superior, but I'm from Denmark. (So I probably am.)
Because the goal was to make a more open platform than Windows not less.


The part that is standardized is the API, hardware requirements vary from game to game just like on Windows.
Steam is not SteamBox or SteamOS, Steam is a service that can be run on them.


Linux with an open source tool chain is an entirely open platform, and SteamOS is by far the most open gaming platform that currently exists.


Steam as a service on top of that is not, but it doesn't suffer from similar lock in strategies all competing platforms have, games on Steam can be fully open source, without any protection, and can be sold or given away independently through other channels, only depending on what the developer and distributor decides.


Xbox, PS4, IOS and Switch all have near total lock in.


Windows is better, but it's completely proprietary, and favors and depend on proprietary API components, and now it favors a single sales channel too.


Android is partially open source, and it is theoretically better, but in reality it's designed to lock users in, about halfway between Windows and IOS.


SteamOS is NOT designed to lock users into Steam services, it's on the contrary designed to allow other services much like any other traditional Linux distro. SteamOS is indeed an open platform, which anyone can design for freely, without in any way having to depend on or ask permission from Steam.
No it doesn't, and the article shows nothing to support the claim, the part where the article claims "further complicating" is hilarious, because it wasn't complicated to begin with, and it doesn't describe anything that further complicates it.
>I'm sorry, he threw a wrench into the... pillars?


Only a problem if those pillars are extremely fragile, and apparently they are.


They could also say Mueller farted in the general direction of Manafort, and his defense is nothing but thin air, and now it stinks.
Yeah I bet neither AMD or Nvidia would have a chance even if they tried their best to make something to compete. They simply don't have the technology for it.


/s
I would link you some sites, but I only know sites that are in Scandinavian languages. So I'm afraid I'll have to refer you to your google-fu or youtube whatever your preference. It should be pretty easy to find, just search LCHF.


But it's basically meat and fatty sauces without starch and going easy on good vegetables. No bread pasta potatoes and that sort of basic carbs.


It's mostly how I would have liked to eat as a child, except I had a sweet tooth too.


For lunch I found it easiest to just replace bread with a lettuce leaf, and just wrap what I would have used on the bread, but that's coming from a tradition with smørrebrød which is different from how most countries use bread.


The key thing is you need to keep carbs low, and give it at least a month, because it takes a couple of weeks for the system to change to burn fat efficiently instead of carbs.


But that's the real trick of the diet, it makes the system burn fat way more easily when it has adjusted to it, and that AFAIK is what makes it possible to lose weight faster. It also levels blood sugar immensely, and in my experience if a meal was delayed or skipped feeling hungry was less acute.


Keep up with the exercise though, apart from the well known benefits, it helps for a literally healthier appetite.


Damned I guess our stock may be doomed now. ;)


PS: I think whatever you do, if you don't like it, there's a good chance you need to change it.
If you want to speed it up, you could try to go full LCHF.


When I tried it I lost weight without extra exercise and without feeling hungry at all at any time. The downside was that I couldn't eat normally, which is a bit of a drag sometimes when eating with friends or family.


LCHF food is generally a bit more expensive, but you tend to eat less, so it's not that bad. Proponents of LCHF like to call it eating REAL food. ;)
OK that sounds nice, doesn't sound quite like an LCHF diet, but it seems to me that recent research overwhelmingly shows that cutting carbs and especially sugar is way more important than cutting fat, and you are doing that, which IMO is great.


There was a doctor in Sweden that was accused of malpractice, for recommending LCHF to overweight patients. Because they were of the opinion it increased risk of several life style diseases. She was completely acquitted because there isn't actually evidence that high fat is harmful! There is however overwhelming evidence that fast carbs are.


I hope you enjoy your improved health. ;)
Good luck losing weight, I'll gladly lose a few bucks for the health of a fellow human being. Even if we don't agree politically.  


>start eating carbs again


Are you on LCHF?
China cutting tax specifically on semi to zero for 5 years will accelerate investments in the sector, and accelerate Chinese independency from US technologies.


China is accelerating a long term strategy, and sending a message to USA that pursuing the current policies will only force China towards greater independency.


China is playing the long game strategically, while Trump is playing one of the stupidest games there is.


Trump thinks USA has the upper hand, because USA is a huge net importer. But the truth is that Trump is playing with a double edged sword, completely unaware that it cut both ways.
It's very well balanced, high end components but still around the price/performance sweet spot.


Of course the 1TB disk isn't exactly where the sweet spot is for storage, but if you figure he won't even use that anyway, as I saw you replied to another poster, a bigger disk is only adding redundancy at extra cost without adding any actual value.


Vega would be nice because of Freesync/2 IMO, but you can't really argue with getting a good deal on the nearest competitor, especially considering the current market for GPU.


I personally bought the vanilla R5 1600 because i OC, but when building for a friend OC may not be a good idea, and then it's better to opt for the higher default performance of the X parts.
>The EPYC 7551P processors are powering the recently launched Dell EMC PowerEdge R6415 servers purchased by Yahoo Japan.


This is a clear example of the significance of OEM support.
This is baffling, I thought it must be Yen, but:


>Price. Currency in USD


So Yahoo Japan has 2.6 times the market cap of AMD!
That's a very nice system you build for him there. I'm sure he will be happy with it for a long time. Good choices all around.


Even if we have personal preferences that may differ, all those components are solid choices that balance price/performance extremely well.
Er der da koncert med Coldplay i Silkeborg i aften?
Hvor den mest betydende virksomhed er staten.
God fornøjelse, jeg håber du får godt resultat af det. ;)
Hvad er dit problem? Jeg beskrev at linkene var fundet hurtigt og indrømmede at det ene var nærmest værdiløst, og fandt et bedre.


Du argumenterer fra uvidenhed, og vælger at forblive uvidende.


De punkter jeg har bragt op er lette at finde dokumentation på, og ville være ligeså lette at finde dokumentation imod hvis de var forkerte.


Det er OK at stille spørgsmål, men det er useriøst bare at blive ved med det, og affeje dokumentation uden at kunne vise noget der giver begrundelse for at betvivle den.
So does mostly every other stat.


>Overall, the poll found Trump’s approval rating holding steady at 44 percent


https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/trump-approval-ratings/


The average is still way higher than it ought to be, but it's not that high.
I have absolutely no idea what part of that could require further explanation.
It's not.
I think we will see even more sophistication than that, Apple likes to advertise use cases where they shine, and AMD has been working on heterogeneous compute for a long time, and that's what Apple will leverage and advertise the performance of.


In Apples opinion users shouldn't need to care about the underlying technology, but rather just watch an Apple demo and acknowledge that the new thing from Apple can do things better than the competition, although it isn't always true.


Imagine Apple parts developed on AMD tech, with more resources than Intel and Nvidia put together!


On the other hand, that amount of resources is what makes it plausible that Apple could decide to make their own entirely.
Damned the Chinese are playing hardcore, it's the one thing where China offered to import more to prevent a trade war.


China is playing chess thinking ahead, while Trump is playing 52 pickup with himself.
Seems pretty normal here, I gave you an upvote, so you should be at 2 when you read this.
I've been arguing for 1½ year that AMD semi-custom would be perfect for Apple with Ryzen, for exactly the reason mentioned in the article, Bulldozer simply wasn't good enough, but Ryzen is.


But Arm gives Apple even more control, and allegedly Apple is making their own GPU, so it may be entirely without AMD, which to me would be a huge disappointment, and I don't really see how Apple can have a good enough Arm CPU and GPU already in 2 years. On the other hand, I don't see why it should take until 2020 with an AMD semi-custom.


I'm cautiously hopeful.
Keynesian economics doesn't work. Look it up.
Holy shit. Has he completely lost it?


https://youtu.be/iTH5V3wue6A?t=179


Seems like it.
Maybe 3rd design win. Except it's weird if that takes until 2020 to actually be implemented.
Nope, only reason for them to drop, is if the market expects a general global economic slow down. Semi isn't affected directly, and it's a global business.
Interesting, although the article claims it will be an Apple chip, I don't really see how they can do that, I don't think Arm is strong enough, and without that the most obvious would be that it's a semi-custom AMD.


I've been arguing the point that AMD semi-custom is right up Apples alley for 1½ year now, exactly because they can integrate more tightly, and differentiate from the rest of the industry, exactly as the article describes as the main advantages.


Edit: Apparently Apple does plan to go with Arm, although the article does mention it might pose a performance problem for higher end systems.
IDK but AMD is down less than both Nvidia and Intel although Intel has recovered most of the short dip.
I'm nowhere near 50% down, although I just hit -27% today collectively on AMD, about half of it due to weak USD, which I actually projected pretty well.


I originally bought in just above $10, and bought again on 3 later dips. I never bought anything that wasn't below $12.


The -27% is calculated to my local currency on the actual amount I paid, and the worth it has at this moment.


Of course it can theoretically go to -50%, but I sure don't hope it will end that badly. Luckily I can afford to hold, although I was planning on using the money about now.


IMO It's kind of interesting though that AMD is down less than both Nvidia and Intel. So it seems to me something really is changing with AMD stock.
Nothin' but a scratch.
Absolutely, I thought AMD would grow a lot faster with Zen and Vega, I thought Epyc would have been out about 4 moths earlier, and RR would have been widely available for Christmas holiday sales.


I knew the USD would likely drop, and that Trump will probably cause the US economy in general to slow, but the bad things have happened faster than expected and the good things slower.


So here we are, more than 10% down. (edit: 27% to be exact which I calculated to respond to MrGold2000.) :(


I was planning on selling just about now with a nice profit. This isn't even plan B.
Yes I hoped this wouldn't happen. But we basically knew it would.


It's kind of weird though, because AFAIK AMD should be absolutely unaffected bu these tariffs unless there's a general economic decline.


Which of course I predicted would likely happen in about 2 years from Trump taking office, but AMD was supposed to rise BEFORE that in my obviously less than perfect projection.


Trump is messing things up worse than I expected.
As I see it Lisa Su isn't the gambling type, so my guess is she wouldn't do it unless it's clearly an advantage for AMD. As in pretty good certainty that AMD will actually profit. It's not cheap to start up production on a separate process either, so my guess is it will be significant, and it indicates that there is pretty significant demand beyond what GloFo can deliver.
That response depends on Intel actually getting 10 nm ready. It's so much delayed now, that it may not make any difference, because AMD may have 7 nm shortly after, and Intel 10 nm seems to not be that significant anyway, and apparently they have serious problems with die sizes without a remedy like infinity fabric ready yet.


It's an exciting race, where it seems the underdog might catch up faster than previously expected.
You are still responsible for your children though, and AMD is basically paying child care to GloFo, and the only way to avoid that was to commit suicide.
AMD has bought freedom to also use TSMC.
Det vil jeg ikke afvise, det var mere princippet jeg finder uholdbart, derfor satte jeg det på spidsen.  
Det afhænger af hvordan man kigger på tallene, og især om man nu også får kigget på de tal der faktisk kan være afgørende. Tager ikke rygere f.eks. oftere på skiferie? Hvor meget regner de den længere levetid til? Nogle vurderer at der er ca. 10 års forskel i snit. det er 10 år i den høje ende af sundhedsudgifterne plus pension og tilskud med hjemmehjælp og pleje.
Ja det giver fint mening, forskellen kommer i den høje alder hvor rygeren dør og ikke rygeren lever næsten 10 år længere i snit, og får den gennemsnitligt dyreste sygehjælp og så pension oveni.


Det er klart at rygeren er dyrere i den periode hvor symptomerne er opstået, men ikke har været dødelige endnu.


Min post var selvfølgelig sat på spidsen, og var ment hypotetisk. Beregningen er reelt set ikke afgørende efter min mening, da rygepolitikken bør have henblik på at maksimere sundhed og velfærd i befolkningen.


At basere afgiften på omkostningen i sundhedsvæsenet er et skråplan hvor der så som nævnt også bør være tilsvarende afgift på sukker og skiferier og meget andet.
Kroppen kan selv danne det sukker vi skal bruge, kroppen bruger sukker, men vi behøver ikke indtage sukker.


Jeg er ikke rigtigt med på hvordan det ikke stod klart i mit oprindelige svar.


Så når u/rasmudsybro påstår sukker er livsnødvendigt i sammenhæng med at jeg nævner at man kunne lægge afgift på sukker, ligger det implicit at INDTAG af sukker er livsnødvendigt, i modsat fald virker kommentaren uden mening eller relevans.


Essentielle fødestoffer er fødestoffer der er nødvendigt at indtage fordi kroppen ikke selv kan danne det i tilstrækkelige mængder.


Hverken sukker eller glucose er essentielle fødestoffer, men glucose er cellernes hovedkilde til energi. Så vi danner glucose selv når vi ikke indtager det.


Sukker som normalt betyder hvidt sukker, har glukose men også en fruktose del, som i dag blandt nogle forskere betragtes som skadelig på omtrent samme måde som alkohol. Fruktose skaber også afhængighed på omtrent samme måde som alkohol.


Derfor vil det folkesundhedsmæssigt absolut give mening med en høj sukker afgift, for sukkertyper der indeholder fruktose.
I think you are right, it's all about partners, distribution, availability and (false) advertising.


But it seems to me AMD is at least trying to do it right, and is building the partnerships necessary for further expansion.
Det er så i høj grad princippet at vi bør gøre mere for at forbedre hele samfundet, end for at gøre det mere ulige til fordel for dem som har mest.


De borgerlige elsker at påstå at nedsatte skatter øger den samlede "samfundskage", problemet er at det ved vi i dag er løgn. Det der beviseligt øger den samlede samfundskage er uddannelse og infrastruktur.


Jeg er så enig i at vi ikke skal have væsentlige skatteforhøjelser, men måske lidt i det omfang det med den største sansynlighed giver bedre afkast for samfundet på sigt.


Besparelser der blot koster ekstra andre steder er ikke reelt besparelser. Skattelettelser der reelt undergraver en relativt socialt retfærdig samfundsstruktur, er reelt undergravende for samfundet som helhed.
PS: Med "fulgt op på" mener jeg rent faktisk at have læst videnskabelige rapporter, og udtalelser direkte fra fra forskere og specialister der arbejder indenfor området.
> Men du anerkendte at du "bare havde lavet en Google søgning


Ja for at finde links til dig til ting jeg allerede ved.
It's a trickle, and AMD always said it would be.


I too thought this would go a lot faster, because Zen is pretty damned good.


But those of us who thought it would go faster were wrong, and AMD was mostly right that it takes time.


Problem for us is we don't know exactly why, AMD probably does.
>men læg lige mærke til at du ikke kendte til denne undersøgelse før du blev presset til at underbygge din påstand.


Vås, jeg har fulgt op på emnet med regelmæssige mellemrum i over 10 år, det ville være let hvis jeg lige kunne smide et par links der opsummerer det, jeg har nu givet dig nok info til at du kan undersøge aspekterne mere nøje hvis du ønsker, men at sige jeg ikke har et link liggende klar til information akkumuleret over et årti viser at jeg ikke er bekendt med omstændighederne omkring emnet er seriøst en fornærmelse.


Link nummer 2 viser en videnskabelig MAO undersøgelse, der senere er bekræftet, og effekten er undersøgt uafhængigt, som sagt kan jeg ikke bare smide et par links der viser 10 års akkumuleret viden, og din argumentation fra uvidenhed er ikke sammenlignelig.
Public service du skal betale licens for adgang til er ikke reelt en public service.


Public service betalt over skatten som alle har lige adgang til er mere reelt public service.


For at det skal være helt reelt bør det dog også være fri af ophavsretslig beskyttelse. Men det er nok urealistisk.
> cigaretprisen præcist bør afspejle de forventede samfundsomkostning


Det var hvad jeg svarede på, og baseret på "cigaretprisen" som prisen i kroner og ører på en pakke cigaretter, er det rent på den økonomiske del, og der er det en samfundsbesparelse med storrygere.


Den artikkel du linker til underbygger argumentet, omend det har et andet fokus. Men f.eks. denne bemærkning er ret betegnende:


>Lung cancer is a cheap disease to treat because people don't survive very long,


Ligesom den oplagte:


>On average, healthy people lived 84 years. Smokers lived about 77 years


Så jeg er ikke helt klar på hvad din pointe reelt er?
Vås, sukker er ingenlunde livsnødvendigt, der findes ikke essentiel sukker eller essentielle kulhydrater, hvorimod der findes både essentielle fedtstoffer og aminosyrer.


Vi kan udmærket danne det sukker vi skal bruge fra de andre kilder, og sukker er dokumenterbart skadeligt og bærer hovedskylden for et bredt spektrum af livsstilssygdomme som overvægt, diabetes, hjerte-kar sygdomme, gigt, demens, alzheimer.


Den farligste kolesterol kommer ikke af fedt men af sukker.
Fordi det virkede meningsløst og var uden begrundelse.


Det er da reelt relevant hvad cigaretter koster i dag når vi debatterer en prisændring, og det undrer mig at tallene ikke forekommer i artiklen. Hverken den nuværende pris eller størrelsen på pakken.


90,- kr. er en fordobling af den nuværende pris.
Det var bare to resultater fra en google søgning, jeg valgte med vilje 2 resultater med stor tids afstand, men jeg kan se at artiklen fra Berlingske er nærmest værdiløs i denne sammenhæng.


Men her er et andet link som er relativt nyt og langt bedre:


http://www.si-folkesundhed.dk/Ugens%20tal%20for%20folkesundhed/Ugens%20tal/11_2011.aspx


Der er ganske særlige omstændigheder der forårsager fænomenet, da forskning særligt fra England viser at cigaretter danner MAO lignende stoffer, som gør at cigaretter har medicinsk effekt for folk med et bredt spektrum af psykiske problemer, det er f.eks. også dokumenteret at Skizofrene har langt større afhængighed end gennemsnitligt, og sværere ved at undvære cigaretter selv kortvarigt, og dermed også meget sværere ved at holde op.


https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11343627


Det er dermed et meget stort spørgsmål efter min mening om den nuværende høje afgift reelt er moralsk forsvarlig.
Det vil med garanti medføre mere ulovlig handel.
Det kan jeg ikke se hvorfor de skulle synes, bortset fra at det er dumt at ryge selvfølgelig, er det da generelt cool at lave ting selv.
Jeg prøvede for sjov engang for ca. 6 år siden, man kan let købe frø i Danmark, og planterne skulle tiltrække sommerfugle.


https://www.tobaksdyrkning.dk/shop/


Jeg fik dog aldrig passet planterne, fordi jeg reelt ikke er havemenneske, så de blev vist aldrig til noget, jeg er dog ikke helt sikker, fordi vi havde faktisk nogle planter med temmelig store blade året efter.
Selvom du måske bare laver sjov, så er her 2 eksempler på undersøgelser der viser det:


http://www.si-folkesundhed.dk/Ugens%20tal%20for%20folkesundhed/Ugens%20tal/Uge_24_2005.aspx


https://www.b.dk/kommentarer/et-svar-fra-underklassen
Tak for udførligt svar.  
Medielicens var aldrig baseret på rimelighed. Godt nok på tide vi kom af med den.
Wow, det er da allerede pænt dyrt. Særligt i betragtning af at de fleste rygere er de socialt dårligst stillede.
Så du mener folk skal have penge for at ryge?


For samfundet sparer mere ved tidligere død af rygere end det koster ekstra for sygesikringen før de dør.


Bortset fra det er jeg enig, 90,- kr. ligner mere fanatisk hetz end reel sundheds politik.


Til sammenligning skulle sukker så nok også koste 500,- kr./kg.
Så vidt jeg ved kan man faktisk dyrke tobak privat ganske lovligt, så mon ikke det vil blive ret udbredt, faktisk er jeg overrasket over at det ikke er mere udbredt allerede.
Hvad koster en pakke i dag?


Jeg antager at 90,- kr er for en pakke med 20.


Edit:


Wow nedstemt for at spørge, jeg skimmede artiklen men så ikke punkterne specificeret!
Er det ikke betragtet som bofællesskab hvis man deler køkken? Så mener jeg da ikke man skal betale dobbelt medielicens.


Men det er så heldigvis snart lige meget, efter det endelig er besluttet at medielicensen skal gå over skatten.
I have 3 Gigabyte motherboards currently, my main system, my SO main system, my old main which is now secondary. I have 2 Gigabyte GPUs in those, and my main system is with a Gigabyte PSU.


I will not be buying anything from Gigabyte anymore.
>jeg er er faktisk enig i at vi bør have et velfærdssamfund med en høj social mobilitet. 


Godt at høre, jeg mener så ikke vi bør undergrave det, og slet ikke på en beskeden 15% arveafgift.


Vi kan sagtens med stor fordel forbedre uddannelsesområdet væsentligt efter min mening. Det er faktisk beskåret ret kraftigt i mange år. Hvis vi vil højne standarden af vores samfund som helhed, er vi nødt til at højne uddannelses niveauet i takt med stigende behov for specialisering og efteruddannelse.


Principielt kommer vi ikke videre end vores kollektive viden tillader. En del af grunden til at Kina stadig stormer frem selv efter årtiers fremgang, er at de investerer langt mere i uddannelse og infrastruktur end alle vestlige lande, og det er en offentlig opgave der kun kan finansieres over skatterne. Vi kan ikke konkurrere på lav løn og lave skatter, men vi kan konkurrere på at have et velfungerende samfund og et højt vidensniveau.
They'll probably vote Republican because fuck big government right?
Og så ser du lige fuldstændig væk fra starten af mit svar, om at det er lettere at kæmpe sig ud af fattigdom når man har et velfungerende samfund med gode sociale forhold. Fordi det passer ikke i din retorik selvom du ved det er rigtigt. Du vil bare have lavere skat, så fuck de dårligst stillede.
Det er nemmere at kæmpe sig ud af fattigdom i et velfungerende samfund med fri uddannelse, sygesikring, velfungerende infrastruktur, og høj social standard. Det kræver alt sammen at vi betaler skat.


Man kan sige det mest rimelige er at alle betaler efter evne, men det er faktisk ikke tilfældet, skatter er netop lavest på arbejdsfri indtægter som f.eks. kapital indkomst og arv.


Jeg er fuldstændig med på at der skal være belønning for indsats, inklusive til ens børn og nærmeste, og det er reglerne allerede lavet så de tilgodeser rimeligt. Vi kan diskutere om satserne skal være en smule højere eller lavere, men grundprincippet kan reelt ikke diskuteres, medmindre vi ønsker en skævvridning i stil med gammeldags feudalsamfund.


Selvfølgelig vil vi alle gerne slippe billigere i skat, og samtidig bevare en høj samfundsstandard, men det kan ikke lade sig gøre.


Der er andre former for skat det ville være langt mere gavnligt for samfundet at sænke end arveafgiften. At sænke arveafgiften vil kun være til fordel for de rigeste, og det hul der skabes vil skulle løftes af andre skatter, og hvor vil du lægge dem?
> These kids need a sabbatical to properly sit with their grief and trauma,


Bullshit, they are doing what's absolutely the best way to get out of a traumatic experience, they are trying to do something about it, and prevent it from happening again.


That activity is way more healing than being passive about it. That is a studied effect that can be observed on animals too.
I agree, for instance Fox is making the two almost synonymous, and there is a lot of it. The GOP is imploding, it's not about fiscal responsibility or states rights or freedom or prosperity or less regulation anymore.


It's imploded into bigotry and anti science and only helping the 1%.
In this case it's the same, the boycott wasn't started because she is conservative or hold conservative views. It was because she was bullying on personal aspects that have zero context or relevance to what Hogg is campaigning for. She was attempting a personal smear, because her political views were attacked. This caused a reaction from consumers that in turn caused companies to react too.


Some cooperations do have a political conscience, but most that advertise on Fox probably don't.
Trump: Reagan is a great president.  
Hannity: But you are the president now.  
Trump: Oh right, I think I remember that now, did I run as Republican?  
Hannity: Yes you ran as Republican.  
Trump: Good, I hate those damned smirky liberals, even when I win, they make me feel like I'm losing. They think they are so smart, but I'm twice as big as most of them.  
Hannity: Don't you mean smart?  
Trump: What? Why?  
Hannity: OK let's change the subject. So Trump what do you intend to do about those kids who are trying to take our guns away?  
Trump: Kids trying to take our guns, you gotta be **kidding** me, ha ha see what I did there? I'm so fucking brilliant I can hardly grasp it myself sometimes. Man I'm good.  
Hannity: Sigh...  
Trump: Reagan is a great president...  
10nm++ and launch 2H 2018. This is completely unrealistic. Also the 400 mm² die size is unrealistic on 10 nm, as Intel seems to still struggle with making anything above dual core CPUs.


This is for sure highly inaccurate, but fails to be funny in any way.
Had to downvote, it's 100% Aprils fool and it isn't in any way funny.


Edit:


Seems some are still in doubt whether this could be legit.


But 10nm++ and launch 2H 2018. This is completely unrealistic. Also the 400 mm² die size is unrealistic on 10 nm, as Intel seems to still struggle with making anything above dual core CPUs.


Edit 2:


Another problem is that 50 Tflops peak is extremely underwhelming. Vega 64 already has 25 Tflops, just the process shrink alone should put it way past 50 per die at that size, with 2 dies and a speed increase it should be way above 100 Tflops. If this product was real, it would utterly destroy Nvidia Tesla including tensor core peak performance.


It's not only that it isn't funny, the entire idea is poorly thought out, and it isn't even interesting as a thought experiment.


**Please remove this garbage.**
Mere privilegeret er at man får mere for en mindre indsats. Det du svarer på er en stråmand.


En arv er ikke en indtægt baseret på indsats, dit  argument er uden sammenhæng med det du svarer på.


Hold kæft hvor er folk latterlige, når de mener de mest privilegerede fortjener at være endnu mere privilegerede. mener de så også at vi skal genindføre adelens privilegier og stavnsbåndet?


Edit PS:


Arveafgiften er allerede væsentligt reduceret og gælder kun når man arver over 282.600 kr, og for familie og samlevende er afgiften 15%! Hvordan er det urimeligt?
Either that or she is being sarcastic.


She ends her tweet with:


>give him benefit of doubt-4 now.


Isn't that a tad too stereotypical of a Trump supporter?
I think you are missing the picture here, the problem isn't that Trump is stupid or malignant, it's that he isn't effective in following his stupid malevolent policies through.
Wow, Trump is in real trouble now, when he can't convince even the very stupid anymore.
Hillary would have balanced the budget better, and provided benefits to the general public, but at what cost?


Ghasp the 1% might not have had their tax cuts! Obviously USA is better off with Trump.
First world are Nato allies.


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/First_World


I generally use "developed democracy" to describe what I suspect was meant.
Oh boy, that guy surely must be tired of all the winning.


Hey kids look here while I shoot my foot off.
What I saw was that your post didn't make any sense, it's not my job to speculate on what you mean when you write something else.
Hvordan er det retfærdigt at nogle børn er mere priviligerede end andre?


Hvis LA kan løse det problem synes jeg absolut goft vi kan afskaffe arveafgidten.


Hvodan definerer LA overhovedet retfærdighed når de hele tiden mener at de mest priviligerede er dem der er mest uretfærdigt behandlet?


Edit PS:

Arveafgiften er allerede væsentligt reduceret og gælder kun når man arver over 282.600 kr, og for familie og samlevende er afgiften 15%! Hvordan er det urimeligt?
Talk about not owning up to making a mistake. As I said version numbers matter. Writing the wrong number is way worse than omitting it, maybe you should use your faculties to write the actual version numbers you talk about.


I'm not an Apple user, and I honestly don't care about Apple at all, apart from Apple being a significant factor in the tech industry, and how Apple influence things outside their own ecosphere.
So I'm the buffoon for you confusing your own point?


But now that you posted the correct information and I check up on that instead of the wrong information you posted previously, I can see that Apple has indeed abandoned OpenCL in favor of Metal.


I thought Metal was a replacement of OpenGL and Vulkan, I wasn't aware it included replacement of OpenCL.


Version numbers matter when checking up on info.


Still the fact that AMD has open specs and a completely open source tool chain, allows Apple to create their own API freely, which they can't on Nvidia, because their specs aren't open.
Lower price for better performance, seems fair to me. ;)
https://developer.apple.com/opencl/


Apples own documentation for OpenCL specify version 1.2


https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202823


All iMac newer than 2010 support OpenCL v. 1.2.
Thanks. ;)


Happy Easter to you too.
And because AMD have dedicated their efforts to support OpenCL which is originally an Apple initiative, while Nvidia is dedicated to CUDA which is 100% Nvidia proprietary locking out Apple.


AMDs open source strategy is a brilliant counter to Nvidia dominance, and I think it's beginning to work.
Trash article, for instance it says this:


>The young activist benefits from his age in this pursuit. While wanting to be treated as a serious advocate in spite of numerous inflammatory statements, Hogg and his fellow student-activists always retreat to their age when criticized.


Which is about as far from the truth ass you can get. These teens have on the contrary been very on point on the message, just as they were in their response to Ingraham, calling her underhanded rhetoric out.
No, it belongs to Nvidia now.
Sweet.
Plastic Bertrand
That's actually a pretty cool piece of hardware IMO, It's a lot of power in such a small form factor, it would be a pretty awesome Steambox.
Or 1% and it was an unconfirmed rumor.
I get that it may be hard to keep the shills out, especially if some are professionals, which I absolutely wouldn't put past Nvidia.


We also have to consider that Nvidia users outnumber AMD, what I don't get is why an Nvidia user would do anything to discredit AMD, even for Nvidia users, they would get better products and better prices if Nvidia had to compete more for their market share, and it seems there are a surprising amount of Nvidia users who won't give AMD any credit for anything, even when it's objectively true that for instance 8 GB RAM is better than 6 GB, some feel strange urge to make weird claims that an RX 580 can't actually use that RAM anyway.


Often the way these issues are debated, reeks of being heavily influenced by professional Nvidia shills.
OK that's an interesting perspective, I disagree but you could be right.


Regarding investing in the brand, I suppose you mean OEMs and other industry partners, which of course is absolutely crucial, unless AMD goes full Apple which probably isn't viable. We have heard about many partnerships that have been started up this past 1 or 2 years, what we don't know is the scope and success of those, so it's a bit in the air right now as I see it.


I agree things are not going as fast as I thought they would considering how good Zen really is, and considering they for about 1½ year have been able to sell every GPU they can make. Problem is we don't know exactly why.


But it seems to me AMD is trying to build partnerships more than just customer relations, and that could somewhat explain the slower than expected revenue and profit growth. If this is true, AMD could be positioning themselves much stronger long term.


The main problem is that although we are given much information, there seems to always be key peaces missing, maybe to keep the competition in the dark, or maybe to cover for uncertainties, but I suspect Lisa Su is considering the long term sustainability of AMD more than short term benefit to stock holders.
They should get sent to Uranus because Uranus.
I was told USA spend 8% of GDP on military, while USSR had to spend 80% to match it, which of course they couldn't, but they did pass the 40% mark.


The US budget is already ridiculously high, and there is no way Russia can match it as it is.
Privilege and lack of understanding she is.
And it's all tied to just my account on reddit, and none of it is personal.


reddit doesn't have anything on any consumption, where i move, any personal messages, who I talk to privately, who I communicate with on mail, and what's in those mails, which movies or TV shows I see, or who I am in real life.


They know nothing except what I actually tell them and allow them to know. That's a very far cry from either facebook or google, especially if you use several google services like Android, search, maps, youtube, gmail, plus, calendar etc. they can pick up almost everything.


I don't have anything even remotely close to that with any service, and not even if reddit and google joined forces.


And the only downside IMO is that I can't use mobile pay.


You do have an influence on your digital footprint.
That's the job of sales not the CEO. Having a CEO with a background in sales may help somewhat, but often the costs in other departments undercut it so it ends up being a disadvantage. AMD has the sales they have projected, so the problem could be production or financial. The problem for us is we don't know.


I agree sales in AMD have traditionally been lacking, this has been clear especially in their advertising. But I don't see any such problems with Ryzen, for instance the Threadripper advertising was amazing.


But there are many factors at play, and both Nvidia and Intel have more than 10 times as much money to play with, and they have market leverage which we've seen Nvidia use with the GPP. AMD was out quickly to alert the media about that, but apart from that there isn't much they can do.


What Lisa Su is doing seems to be working, but AMD is still up against companies that combined have more than 20 times the economic strength AMD has. You can't expect AMD to magically match that overnight, no matter how competent the CEO is.


I think there is little doubt that Lisa Su is a way better CEO than Brian Krzanich, yet Intel makes more money than AMD. But AMD has stronger growth.
They don't have to build it themselves, they can get an AIB to do that.
Is this Asus deciding to go with GPP and then counter it by using Asrock for AMD?


That might be a pretty good strategy and a way to leverage having 2 brands.
So what is a Vega 870?
Seems to me you are the crybaby, whining about how Lisa Su doesn't make AMD stock go to Nvidia levels overnight.


I bet Trump can use you.
>Everybody uses google and youtube  
You're not the fucking man of mystery you think you are.


Except I use duckduckgo and startpage and only use google on occasion.


I admit I use youtube though, but I don't use any other google services except maps, neither gmail or google plus or google play, despite I use Android i use AOSP without any google services.


It's amazing to me that your ignorant accusations are upvoted.


>I think I made base-full assumptions and you confirmed them.


No you didn't, occasional use is not the mindless use my original post referred to, and you made an absolutely false equivalence.
But he usually announces it when he does. It's not like speculations are generally presented as facts.
Too hot to handle. ;)
There have been some very strange decisions from time to time, banning things for not relating to AMD when they absolutely do.


If that weirdness hadn't occurred quite so frequently I would agree.


There's a reason we got r/realAMD/ too.


Maybe things have changed, if that's the case the moderators should announce it.


That said I agree r/amd is kept reasonably clean, but it was kind of frustrating when Nvidia shills were flooding r/amd while significant amd related content was removed when it criticized the competition.
>he's a salesman.


Most CEOs come from sales, that doesn't make them better CEOs, and it's definitely not a salesman background that make Jensen a stellar CEO, that claim only shows your complete ignorance.


>AMD doesn't need an introvert...


You are blabbering senselessly without anything to support your claims. It's nothing but an ignorant opinion, and not worth the time it takes to read.
There is no doubt Jensen has done a stellar job with Nvidia, Lisa Su is in a completely different position in a completely different company, but she has delivered on everything she has promised.


There is no basis to claim Jensen is a better CEO than Lisa Su.
Wow, that's quite a step up. I love the enthusiastic light mood of it, and it emphasizes actual strengths of Radeon. I hope this signals a general change in advertising for RTG.
You know nothing about me but are merely making baseless assumptions, yes obviously i use reddit, and I am perfectly aware of the implications.


I most certainly restrict my footprint to Google, which I consider absolutely a problem too.
The robots are winning.
No they don't, they drive well and competently, until something they were not programmed for happens.


You are most likely basing your opinion on marketing for an unfinished product.
Except not yet, they are still learning and should still be supervised.
> What the fuck did people think they did with all your user data?


They didn't, but chose blissful ignorance or denial where nothing matters until it turns out it actually does.
And apparently important enough for him to step completely out of character. ;)
I think you did a pretty good job, it isn't pretty, but the expression and consistency is definitely there.
Doesn't matter that Intel owns the UtlraBook label, AMD can make it AltruBook instead: Ryzen Mobile is the 1 computer that does it all with 1 main component that does it all, AltruBook supports an altruistic lifestyle without sacrificing quality.
It's amazing the trash brand names accept to be associated with.
We have direct evidence of Gameworks gimping AMD, and your first post is Implying similar foul play by AMD.


After getting responses you go ahead and accuse of it directly.


That's exactly the kind of ignorant false equivalence that would be used by an Nvidia shill. You may merely be ignorant, but sometimes if you act stupid it backfires, especially if you do it in public.


If you are trolling I don't see how you can complain about being insulted.
You mean you behaving like an idiot and actually looking like it, and I responded accordingly?


If your aim was to call out why your point in your original post was wrong, I guess you succeeded, just a bit of a weird way to go about it, and have it buried in downvotes.
Seems to me they handle it very well, way better than Fox and NRA.


They call out the bullshit, and they do it fast and effectively, and FOX and NRA has given us nothing but bullying lies and pure bullshit because they don't have any actual arguments to make, because the teens are right and Fox and the NRA are wrong.
As opposed to just talking out of it.
You're a moron, AMDs toolchain is fully open source, and there is absolutely nothing to indicate any gimping of Nvidia, and there is nothing preventing Nvidia or gamedevs from participating and optimize equally for Nvidia.


Gameworks is 100% Nvidia proprietary and has been shown to artificially favor Nvidia heavily.


So please STFU.
>Paid 1779 euro for the thing, what a steal


I lolled when I read that, then looked it up, and that's actually pretty good value.


Must be looking awesome with that amazing resolution.
Most AI car systems use European sensor systems.
Sporvogne tager meget plads og er trafikalt ekstremt rigide, og de er ikke komfortable, og for cyklister kan sporene være ekstremt generende og endda til fare da de kan fange hjulene.


Der er i forvejen for lidt plads og trafikken kan ikke just kaldes smidig.


Trolleybusserne har ikke nær samme problemer, og de er  langt mere komfortable at køre i. Fordelen ved el men uden ulempen ved at køre med metalhjul i metalspor.
Er du sikker? Jeg synes da jeg så flere kvinder med tørklæde.
Lad mig gætte, du er under 55 år og har aldrig færdedes i trafik i København med sporvogne.


Nej det der ikke skulle have været nedlagt er trolleybusserne.
> Da broen blev planlagt var den enormt upopulær.


? Det var godt nok ikke mit indtryk, måske i Jylland, men absolut ikke på Sjælland og heller ikke på Fyn.
Simplificeret opstillet: Hvis du låner 10 ml kr for at starte en virksomhed, og betaler 1 ml i renter er det din udgift til finansiering, hvis du så har 2 ml. i fortjeneste før renter har du kæmpe overskud, men langt fra nok til at betale de 10 ml du oprindeligt lånte.  
Du kan faktisk kun betale 1 ml renter og så afdrage maks 1 ml på lånet.


Så du kan nemt have kæmpe overskud i årevis, men stadig skylde penge selvom du afdrager en stor del af overskuddet.


Hvad staten så vælger at afdrage på af gæld afhænger forhåbentlig af hvad der bedst kan betale sig. Ellers er det dårlig forretningsføring.
That's kind of confirmation, because there is no way White house can know what that man in the parking lot said to her, unless someone in the White house was actually the one to send the guy to deliver the message.
In all honesty I may have what some consider extremist views on Facobook too.


I think Facebook is horrible, and some of the things they do should be illegal.
Avenatti is calling Trumps bully tactics out for what they are, and is showing that legal bullying is still illegal as in intimidation and extortion.
I hear Trump has a good brain and the best words and is a very stable genius.


I don't see how Trump could have a problem.


/s
Seems it's better protected, like Denmark where I'm from.


https://rsf.org/en/ranking


Free Speech in USA suck IMO, lack of accountability doesn't actually make it better, but allows fake news like Fox to lie and propagandize.
I have to admit we are not much better here. (Denmark)


But it's really too bad how we allow our governments to undermine our civic rights. I'm not even sure anymore if USA is actually pressuring or they just use that as an excuse?
So was anything done to prevent this in the future? It's a very ugly stain on an otherwise very good reputation for New Zealand IMO.
Inconceivable.
Of course something is seriously wrong with New Zealand too for allowing it, but the fact that they did is probably what explains the way it was done. USA was the driving force, and New Zealand was complicit. The evidence for that has already been pretty clearly presented. The country that ordered the raid was USA.
What was implied was in the message. What you are saying is that people can't testify to a personal experience now. When did that happen?


The truth is that they know they can't accuse her directly of lying, because they are already in trouble for that in another case. So they try to use libel, which won't work either.
2xxx is LP process, higher TDP was expected.
So much trash on Yahoo.
His hairdresser probably.
Maybe if he knows it will cost him money is what it takes?
>unless they can prove actual damages.


Trump will cry to show the judge he has tears rolling down his chin.


"Your honour, I only ask 40 mil. that's less than a $1000 per tear, is that really too much to ask?"


(That would be 40,000+ tears, Trump is such a crybaby.)
So around 4-8% faster than 1800X in the tests shown, and 10% better latency on similar RAM speed.


It's a nice bump for an existing platform, and it extends the lead to Intels best desktop CPU on total performance, but it doesn't say how much it narrows the gap on single thread.


Amd should make a super binned 2650X Gaming that is clocked higher, and competes directly against Intel i7 8700K with similar TDP. The marketing value of that would be huge.
That was my first thought, maybe coke sales have declined because USA lifestyle isn't so popular anymore.
Because this was an American lead raid, obviously Kim wasn't an eminent danger to anyone, and he is not exactly the anonymous type that could easily sneak through an airport either.


This seems like it was done to set an example and instill fear. The point is to show they can destroy him, not to accomplish legal justice. That's how important copyright and the media industry is, it's more important than civic and human rights and freedom of speech.
By far the most religious people are way more pragmatic, and mostly use religion to support decisions they would have made anyway. When it's inconvenient, they find excuses why they don't follow it.
I guess it depends on how you read it, USA will recover with a new president, but it most likely won't recover fully.


EU is already making policies to rely less on USA, South American countries are expanding trade agreements with China against the wishes of USA, and globally negotiations on trade agreements without USA have been accelerated.


Another issue is the huge influx of brain power USA has traditionally enjoyed from the entire world is apparently slowing down. This impact may be hard to measure, but some of that lost potential can't really be recovered fully either.


What we can hope for is that the crazy on the right will moderate somewhat, because Bush and Trump show a horrific trend away from reason, if this is reversed, it's probably the best outcome we can hope for.
1700X and 1800X are the same TDP, the same could be true among 2700X and 2800X or not.


I don't see how xx TDP either proves or disproves an upcoming 2800X.


But we've had CPUs with higher TDP before, so there is nothing that I see to prevent AMD from launching the 2800X with higher TDP.


Maybe AMD is waiting to release it until the X470 motherboards are out?
Absolutely, Kim Jong-un believes he's a God!
Occupy congress?
You forget Trump is a bully by nature, to him making nice is conceding, and his narcissism hates that.


This is not 4D chess or even any kind of thought out strategy beyond bullying tends to work. This is a harmful result of his mental illness, and the fact that his narcissism causes harm to himself is kind of what defines it as a mental illness. If it isn't harmful it is merely a personality trait.
It's OK, I just wanted to be accurate on what I responded to.
>the United States of America will not recover from the presidency of Donald Trump.  
This is a bold statement, and in a literal sense, it is not true. 


Well that's a bad start of an article, because it is true, there are ways where USA may actually never recover, particularly in areas of foreign policy. USA held it's position as world leader in part because of having the biggest  economy and military, but also because of a massive amount of goodwill internationally.


The goodwill is disappearing fast, and USA is no longer the biggest economy depending on how it's measured.


So 2 out of 3 factors that made USA the world leader are diminished, and without them it seems doubtful USA will ever be able to recover their position in international politics.


>But as a global superpower and the leader of an alliance of free nations, America will not soon — if ever — recover the same position of leadership


And the article goes right ahead contradicting itself on exactly that point.
>NSA  


I assume you mean NRA, and hopefully soon they won't survive with their endorsement.
> why don't they ever ask SHS


I assume you mean Sanders, but how would it help to ask her about anything? That's just more of the same.
Jeg er grundlæggende enig, men man bør også huske at, Kinesere er ikke opdraget som os med ophavsret gennem generationer, I Kina er det relativt nyt, og man kan argumentere for at ophavsret er umoralsk.


Kina har oplagt flere producenter af lav kvalitetsprodukter, det er der så også mange grunde til, f.eks. at det er en hastigt voksende økonomi, vi havde lidt det samme i Danmark i 60erne. F.eks. huse med fladt tag. ;)


Så jeg er enig i at man skal passe ekstra på når man handler med Kina. Men profitmotivet er nok cirka det samme overalt i verden. Men hvor Danmark har ry for at være blandt dem der snyder mindst.
>hvorfor betale det dobbelte for tilsyneladende den samme vare.


Hvis det "kun" er det dobbelte køber jeg normalt i Danmark. Det er lige nøjagtigt der jeg sætter grænsen. Men før jeg bestiller i Kina prøver jeg om jeg kan få den fra England eller Tyskland. Det kan man ofte uden det koster meget ekstra, og besynderligt nok er forsendelsen ofte billigere end fra Danmark.


>Problemet for mig er, at Kina kopierer helt vildt og er ligeglad med rettigheder.


I tilfældet med vægten er der ikke tale om at kopiere noget som helst, den type vægte er baseret på ganske få standard komponenter som bruges i alle vægte.


Ja Kina kopierer, fordi de er nytilkomnere på mange områder, det har alle lande gjort inklusiv os selv. Danskere opfandt ikke selv den plov der resulterede i at Danmark kunne blive et effektivt landbrugsland.


Vi opfandt heller ikke hø der gjorde storbyer nord for Paris mulige.


Fremgang skabes ved deling af viden og teknologi ikke ved monopolisering og isolation.


I øvrigt anerkender Kina i dag ophavsret efter vestlig model, så selvom der stadig er brud på den i Kina ligesom der også er I Danmark og andre lande, er det ikke længere lovligt, og kan retsforfølges effektivt i Kina af rettighedshavere. I dag er der innovation i Kina som ligger på niveau med vestlige lande, men de har selvfølgelig stadig et efterslæb. Når det er indhentet vil prisniveauet udjævne sig, ligesom det vil med de gamle østblok lande der nu er i EU.


Hvis vi kun fokuserer på konkurrenceevne baseret på lav løn, patenter og kopi beskyttelse har vi tabt på forhånd. Fremgang skabes ved at arbejde sammen og forbedre samfundet som helhed på områder som uddannelse og infrastruktur.


>Personligt vil jeg helst støtte virksomheder som er ansvarlige og kan holdes ansvarlige


Fuldstændig enig.
Jeg købte en vægt i kina som kom lige over de 80 kr. det vil sige jeg betalte 20 kr. i moms, men ekspeditionsgebyret på 160,- kr. er en decideret teknisk handelshindring. Det betød at varen til de godt 80,- kr kom til at koste godt 240,- kr.


Men på trods af det var det stadig billigere end de 350,- nøjagtigt samme vægt kostede i Danmark.


Så man skal balancere sine indkøb til enten under 80,- kr eller købe større ind så ekspeditionsgebyret udgør en mindre andel.


Men jeg kan ikke se hvorfor jeg skulle købe samme vare for 4 gange så meget i Danmark, når den alligevel bliver lavet i Kina. Hvorfor skulle vi dog skabe arbejdspladser i Danmark der basalt set består i at flytte kasser rundt? Og så betale vild overpris for det.


Vægten fungerede iøvrigt nøjagtigt som beskrevet, men det er ikke ualmideligt at man får værdiløse kopivarer. Man skal virkelig vide hvordan man identificerer om varen er i overensstemmelse med det beskrevne, for der er meget snyd.
Artiklen siger de fjerner bagatelgrænsen på 80,- kr fra 2021.
I didn't make a simplistic argument, I demonstrated that it was simplistic by giving an example from the other end of the spectrum.
Yes because allowing the damage and then try to repair it, is better than preventing the damage in the first place. /s


Also it's not an either or matter, you can do both. So by all means kids learn CPR, but don't give up the fight to prevent unnecessary human suffering from gun violence.
I think it's pretty obvious that it requires a lot more trust to hand someone a loaded gun than refraining from doing so.


So verifying the trust in someone not handing out guns is equally obviously less important than verifying trust in those who actually want you to hand them that gun.


The logic among gun lovers is clearly upside down.
As I said, only mobile OS's, Chrome OS is extremely limited, and Chromebooks are designed for cloud storage and only minor tasks.


Raspberry Pi does more with less because it has a proper OS.
Windows is not nearly as efficient as Linux, I find it sad that hardware vendors haven't made Arm more available for Linux because they can easily do that.


With Windows it requires that Microsoft does it, and it has little to do with what hardware vendors can do by themselves.


With Arm on Linux we basically have only Raspberry Pi. Which has been a huge success, yet nobody tries to take it a step up, for reasons unknown and despite it's free for any Arm hardware company to do so.


It would be so great for cheap netbooks and laptops.
Broadwell to SkylakeX was a 50% price reduction plus higher performance for 8 and 10 cores.


Intel did that because that's just how swell they are, we can see that from the number of times they already did something similar the past 10 years.


/s
I was kind of hopeful regarding Arm for a long time, but all that is available on Arm is mobile OS's that I don't like very much. It's astonishing to me that even after an entire decade there still isn't a proper Arm Linux implementation with decent graphics drivers.


So I'm pretty meh about the whole Arm thing by now.


I would love if AMD changed that, because they have excellent Linux graphics drivers, but I don't see it happening in the near future.
There may even have been a good lawyer among them he could hire, but Trump won't hire a good lawyer, because a good lawyer won't tell him what he wants to hear.
Sorry I kind of missed that it was A53 and not A57, the reason A53 is clocked low, is to take over from where the A57 would be merely idling to save more power and avoid bleeding, there is not AFAIK any particular reason it must be clocked low, it's just that if you actually want performance, A57/A73 are better options.


My guess is that it's actually easier to customize A53 for higher clocks as it's a smaller core, it just doesn't make much sense, except if A53 has better performance per mm² or better PPW, in which case it could be good for servers that don't require high core speeds but can spread the load across many cores.


That it's A53 makes 3 GHz even less impressive, as they are not very high performing cores.
It would take quite an investment to be best in servers alone, and the market is smaller because to implement Arm means customers need changes to the software infrastructure too.


There is little reason to believe AMD would do much better than Qualcomm, and that appears to be not very well yet.


When AMD has better profits, I'm sure they'll explore their options for further expansion. But as it is now, AMD sorely needs to solidify their profits, just to achieve sustainability, they simply don't have money to invest in potential failures.


I suspect AMD already were very close to having the product already in 2016, but they simply don't have the resources to build the necessary infrastructure around it, while at the same time launching Ryzen, Threadripper, Raven Ridge, Epyc, Vega and Instinct.


I agree that AMD could probably make something great with Arm too, and I hope they will when they become more profitable, and can afford it.
AFAIK There is little reason to use A53 anymore unless you customize it heavily, a customized A53 at this point should be at least similar to A73, otherwise you might as well simply use vanilla A73 instead.


AFAIK Apple A11 is based on A53, but it's heavily customized.
Exynos 9 can already do 2.8 GHz on a 10 nm LPP (Low Power Process) for mobile applications, and Samsung will have 7 nm soon that will improve further on that.


The Apple A11 is 2.4 GHz and has already been available in products for a while now, and it's produced on TSMC 10 nm, with next gen most likely being 7 nm, and it's for mobile devices, which are generally clocked lower to save battery.


Allegedly Exynos can already do 3+ GHz, but PPW is better at slightly lower frequencies.


If Intel did 3 GHz recently, it's not at all impressive, and they are already behind what will be achieved by Samsung and TSMC on 7 nm. While Intel 10 nm allegedly has only negligible performance improvement.


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exynos


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_A11
>with better single thread performance than existing arm


Kind of what I already stated, you need to be #1 before it's at all interesting. But even with the best single core performance you still need to be competitive on PPW and power per mm2 to be profitable.


It's not like low hanging fruit just waiting to be picked, because competition is already pretty steep in the segment.
What I'm saying is merely that there are several factors at play that decides if the model is feasible or not. You can't just take the failure of a company that couldn't compete as an example that the model doesn't work. Just as you can't take Apple as an example that it's always the best model.


Honestly I'm disgusted that I'm massively downvoted for pointing that out.
Yes they license a single dirt cheap A5 for a CPU of way higher value than even the best A73 8 core.


I think it's pretty safe to say there is no comparison between 1 x A5 license and 8 x A73 licenses, and Ryzen is better value.


The license is probably pretty cheap, but it's still extra cost on a lower value part.
Yeah that was very misleading.
Apple is the same model, so I think your statement is tad simplistic.
This used to be unheard of in the industry, but things have changed, Nvidia and AMD already do it partially, Microsoft and Google do it, so I think AMD could do it too without alienating their existing partners.


Amd could make Radeon reference series or something like that, and then let AIB partners be creative around that.


Maybe AMD could require that Radeon partners do not engage in discriminating agreements like the GPP program. How that would be sensibly worded legally IDK, but I think it's possible to do in a way that is reasonable and not itself discriminating.


The key to high market share is widespread access to popular sales channels.
Why? With Arm they have to pay for the license like everybody else, and they would have to compete against a plethora of companies that can make Arm chips dirt cheap, and a few that push performance of it like Nvidia and Qualcomm. Sure we know they could theoretically do better because Apple run circles around everybody else. The only way to make money on Arm is to go directly to #1 spot.


With X86 AMD make way higher performing parts, and there is only 1 competitor, and AMD doesn't have to pay a license fee.


There is zero doubt AMD did the right thing focusing on Ryzen instead of spreading their efforts too thinly.


In the meantime, they could maybe license Vega if there are any takers. That would be very helpful in pushing Arm penetration upwards, as there are no high end fully working Arm solutions due to lack of decent drivers which VEGA could provide almost instantly, as Vega already has excellent Linux drivers.


Such devices could be very successful with Linux, just like the original netbooks were. Which made Microsoft reintroduce Windows XP in a panic counter move.
It's sad what she and her friends had to go through, but that was a very powerful delivery of her message.
In all fairness to Trump she has an unfair advantage, she can read.
> og den skråler vi da også tit sammen når vi er ude og køre.


Fedt ;)


Det lyder til i har det sjovt.
This IMO is what should happen. Then it probably matters less that extreme weapons are still available.


But if it turns out it is still a major problem, regulation must be changed accordingly.
> Restrictions should be based on:  
     sustainability of fire (capacity)  
     lethality of bullet


That sounds reasonable.
The 1% will remember, but most likely it won't matter unless we block the IP address on systems and routers used by the rest.


Facebook business will be mostly untouched by this, and in a couple of months nobody will care, except those who did already before this scandal.
I came to comment something like this, but you nailed it.
She has been for decades.


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ada_(programming_language)


>Ada was named after Ada Lovelace (1815–1852), who has been credited with being the first computer programmer.[9]


That's flawed logic, people can buy underground when they need to be registered too, the point is if they are illegal, it can be confiscated instantly at any police encounter.


To alternatively make a pipe bomb is raising the bar significantly, and we know statistically that raising it just a little has major impact. Research shows that especially crimes of affection decrease dramatically like 90%, if I remember correctly, with even small hurdles that delay it just 2 hours.


If a buyer wants an assault rifle out of fear, he definitely shouldn't have it.


The call to ban certain extreme types of weapons is not based on fear, but the senselessness of allowing such weapons.
I know Joker is a bit controversial, but this is pretty solid reasoning on what we know.


He is wrong about the stock though, Nvidia has merely been following the trend of Nasdaq.
But why allow assault rifles? I don't see how that makes any sense.
So are you against a ban of assault rifles?
NRA already lost their grip on reality, much like any other terrorist group.


Hopefully they'll lose another politician or more soon.
Yeah "black democrat from California"  my ass.


It was the " he is new to being the President" that made me suspect sarcasm, because it's a very common sarcastic comment.


s/ As a White Supremacist from Alabama I think she has point. /s
Wow I'm impressed, I'm sorry for what she and her friends had to go through, but damn she has the fire.
Is this a lame attempt at sarcasm?
And they are easy to use and more efficient at it than any other weapon, and guns are attack weapons not defensive.
>he may have a similar point of view as I do but the way he expresses it feels incredibly dishonest.


Funny that's pretty much exactly the reason Democrats can't use the same tactics Republicans do, research has shown that Democrats don't fall for it like Republicans do.


Still you kind of missed the point on this one.
>it's impossible to know what's real and what's fake,


Your post is nothing but an argument from ignorance.


https://www.amazon.com/Dangerous-Case-Donald-Trump-Psychiatrists/dp/1250179459
Why is more proof needed or even relevant? Isn't the NDA she had to sign proof enough? They already admitted that DD is Donald Trump.
Generally holding the upper glass and putting them in hot soap water and wiggle it about a bit is enough, if it isn't your plan should definitely work.
What an ignorant idiotic besides the point comment.


Cars serve a completely different purpose which they fulfill every single day, and without them we couldn't live like we do.
Guns are attack weapons not defense.
Except that gun you claim you own to protect your family is more likely to cause them harm than protect them.
Better to be crazy than a socialist, and here we are.
Through his tweets, for instance if he attacks Ivanka unfairly, it's basically game over, you can see my other post for details.
I originally expected it within 2 years of taking office. Based on his mentality and ineptitude, I predicted he would alienate those around him, with mounting problems and failures, and at some point he would collapse mentally, because his delusions won't be able to compensate for his failures.


Considering the failures and alienations have gone even faster than I expected, he is actually holding up better than I thought he could.


My guess is the amount of delusions he is capable of is the determining factor for when he will collapse completely. There is just about no way the current situation satisfies his megalomanic narcissistic ego. Of course he blames the failures on everybody else, and probably perceives it as friction he must fight against. But all this internal fighting which to a large degree only exists in his own head, has already been stretching him beyond what he can manage for a long time, which is probably the reason he has to go golfing so much.


He will get ever worse at handling real issues, so problems will continue to mount, and his malevolent ego will cause him to alienate those around him even faster and harder.


When we see him attack Ivanka or her attacking him, it is probably game over very quickly. Because when she is lost to him, he probably has nobody left, he will be all alone against the entire world.


Trump is seriously mentally ill, and he is probably in a very bad place already, and has been for quite a while, and he is trapped with no way out except admitting defeat and step down as president, which his narcissism doesn't allow, or escaping to outright insanity, where his delusions disconnect him from reality completely.


It might take another year, because he does have quite an impressive capacity and fighting spirit. But it could happen suddenly if triggered by something that really gets to him.
>OG Millenial.


What's that?

What's not to hate?


Starting a major war on falsehoods.


Introducing torture in interrogations.


Obstructing a better ACA with public option, and then even obstructing the ACA that was based on their own policies.


Dismantling EPA.


Defunding and undermining consumer protection.


Threatening Net neutrality.


Giving tax cuts that vastly benefit the rich over the middle class.


Putting the entire world at risk ignoring global warming.


Destroying the International reputation of USA.


Obstructing saner gun regulation.


Increasing deficits in times where they absolutely should be balanced.


Increasing military spending when USA already spend more than the 10 next biggest military spender countries  put together.


Failing to modernize infrastructure, instead trying to turn it into privatized for profit businesses.


Winning elections by any means possible, even if it sidesteps democracy with for instance Gerrymandering and voter suppression.


Officially supporting the obviously morally completely bankrupt, like White supremacists pedophiles and rapists.


Persecuting dreamers, while the Trump family came to USA under false pretense, and Melanie is here allowed under a "special skill" exception!


And then there's all the gaslighting, collusion and treason Trump stands for, while GOP is complacent and even complicit.


So what exactly is it that 35-40% still seem to like? Everybody should hate GOP, not just millennials.
Probably a guy sitting in his basement.
This is somewhat misleading for this context, as the energy in fuel is best utilized as heat, and can only be partially utilized for mechanical motion. while electricity can be utilized directly with near 100% efficiency.


There are also weight savings in lighter engines.


Electrical planes are already a thing, and although they are immediately easiest to make for shorter distances, a solar powered plane has actually already managed to complete a circumnavigation of the Earth using solar cells.


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electric_aircraft
Fair enough but kind of besides the point of the issue. Which is that Nvidia is trying to kill off AMD competition with unfair practices in the segments where they actually are competitive.
I agree not a surprise, I only have limited hope it may be better.
lol, it would be pretty crazy if they only tested on a320. Although it appears to be what's in the picture.
Ryzen already is, except only on 1 core at a time, the OC benefit is mostly reduced to make multiple cores run faster, except if you buy below the top CPUs, in which case you can OC to perform like a top CPU.


Another major difference is that Ryzen achieves good clocks with standard cooling.
I'm guessing wattage too, since 2xxx are LP and not LPP like 1xxx series.


Either that or there isn't much OC headroom.
AFAIK there are now significant forces in Germany working for a 28 hour work week.


In the early 80's I thought we would be around 30 hours in about a decade 2 at most, because already then I could see that 40 was diminishing efficiency, and we have enough wealth to be able to afford if it cost a little bit, but decent minimum wages are of course required too.
WW2 was absolutely stupid and was started by a maniac.


But USA, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and UK coming to the rescue wasn't stupid.


This is also what has caused widespread Anglicization in the world, and it made USA the undisputed leader of the free world.


Until Bush ruined it with fake evidence to support the Iraq war, and rhetoric like "you are either with us or against us." Obama mostly restored it though, but Trump is killing it worse than Bush, with America first rhetoric and exit of the Paris agreement.


It has intermittently gone downhill since Nixon, and every time it goes down it's because of a republican president.
Nvidia:


>"All of our GPUs add correctly," the rep told us. "Our Tesla line, which has ECC [error-correcting code memory], is designed for these types of large scale, high performance simulations. 


So they claim it's RAM errors, like V100 is only good enough for graphics?


Yeah I didn't buy that in 1986 when I needed a RAM expansion for  my Amiga 1000, I still don't. If it throws bad results due to RAM errors, the RAM is faulty.


So as I see it, this is admittance that the 2 V100 cards are faulty.
X86 dates back to the 70's and the Original x86 patents are more than 35 years old now, so AFAIK they must have expired already, but that's basically irrelevant.


X86 has been continuously extended by Intel with for instance 32-bit, MMX, SSE and AVX. While AMD provided amd-64 extensions that succeeded against Intels 64 bit Itanium. While I don't think for instance 3DNow also by AMD is very relevant anymore.


The current x86 platform is far from based on a narrow set of patents from a specific point in time, but is a mesh of a plethora of patents spread over at least 3 decades.


Intel and AMD are now interdependent on patents for x86++, with no obvious upper hand. It has also become more common to attempt to protect technologies with copyrights, and those have a 90 year lifetime.


If Intel and AMD can't figure out how to manage this reasonable, they could end up in legal battles of mutual destruction. They either have to come to terms, or x86 is basically dead for both.
Absolutely, but on the upside it shows it's realistic.


It might not be true, and even if it is the significance might not be that great.


But If it is true, it is a strong indicator that Epyc is good and is taken seriously in the market and is an immediate competitor in the market as a whole.
As I see it, It will have near zero impact for AMD even if China puts tariffs on CPU and/or GPUs, as the only competitors to AMD are American too. (Intel/Nvidia/Qualcomm)
Bullshit, Germany introduced a 35 hour work week, and their productivity dropped like a rock, and the economy tanked.


...


Oh wait, it didn't?
Problem according to NRA is that he only had a phone and not a gun so he could defend himself.


Because then everything would have gone so much better.
Oh fuck, now I'm in an infinite loop between sarcasm and seriousness.
Ah OK I guess it was sarcasm then.


You should know that sarcasm can't be assumed.


Edit PS:


Since you appear to be new here, it's generally a good idea to end a sarcastic comment with /s.
Are you trying to support an argument by showing how stupid it is?


Yes the hypothetical satellite obviously killed people, despite it is mindless and it was triggered by gravity, just like guns kill people despite humans trigger them.


I think if satellites killed thousands each year, we might want some sort of regulation for them to reduce that number.
Points to something completely different than what the title says.


>Austin bomb suspect left video 'confession' before he died
OK maybe it has changed, the early systems were mostly Windows based, maybe SteamOS wasn't good enough at the time?
>Steam Machines were sold with Linux software, specifically SteamOS


No they weren't, I didn't see a single one, but dozens that were based on Windows.


If some were with SteamOS that only makes the prices even more ridiculous, because SteamOS is free.
> Tesla will use its own AI 


Of course they will, I'm talking about the necessary API for developing it.


If Tesla chooses AMD, it's because the Radeon API is good enough, not just the hardware.


>He is not writing code for Vega


Oh boy, Keller is not writing code for anything. He is creating the best hardware he can, and that could very well include Vega. It's very unlikely Tesla can create their own architecture from scratch and be competitive. It takes at least 5 years and cost billions, and there are huge risks that it will either no9t perform as expected or be delayed or both.


Keller is probably designing customizations of existing hardware, and AFAIK there are really only 2 companies that allow that, ARM and AMD.
>why is the share price stuck around 11?


IDK, but if you think there is doubt, please tell me where that stems from, because AMD has a roadmap that shows it, and they've been following it or beating it consistently for a long time now. Even more skeptical analysts believe AMD will increase revenue 10% in 2018, and profitability with it.


>AMD margins suck,


No they don't, their net profits do because they have high fixed cost that require about 4-5 bl revenue to break even.


>NVidia will never let AMD push their way into monopolized and profitable markets with high margins.


Funny since AMD is already taking back market share from both, of course Nvidia and Intel will fight it, and yes they play dirty. Nvidia just launched their GPP program, which exclude Radeon from gaming brands of just about every OEM. We will just have to see how that pan out for them. I suspect not so good. On the Intel side AMD has already taken a huge share in HEDT with Threadripper, despite Intel doubled the value they offered on HEDT.


You are talking crap, and honestly you seem uninformed even disconnected from reality.
Steam machines were generally underpowered and overpriced, and offered nothing compared to just using a standard desktop system or even gaming laptop.


A console needs to be easily accessible both in use and on price. Steam machines were based on Windows, so they were neither better value or easier to use than anything else. A steam machine that would probably have sold would be if they made a decent system that cost less than $300, and it had been advertised with a game bundle.


You don't enter a new market without some kind of added value compared to the competition.


I think that with a cheap RyzenG Linux system they could have a decent chance of actually delivering that value.
>That's not a great methodology.


I agree, I wasn't aware of that, I got tired after spending quite some time finding a crime stat at all, and they do seem to at least put some effort into making the stat as accurate as possible. But again I agree self reporting is not a great methodology.
AMDs business has been significantly improved for 5 quarters in a row now, and there is no doubt AMD will continue to improve their profitability throughout this year and the next too. This has been done on solid choices on developing solid products for solid markets.


Seems to me you are the one who is delusional, because your entire post is completely disconnected from reality.
>Switzerland is not simply because they don't desire to kill each other as much. 


The way for USA to get out of that is to start building a more fair society and make sensible regulation, instead of following the insanity spewed by GOP and religious fanatics and the gun lobby. Deregulation is a hoax. Trickle down is a hoax, guns don't make you safer, and God is dead.
OK you actually have a point, but why did I have to dig up the info for you to prove your point?


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_intentional_death_rate


By that standard Switzerland is actually about where it should be.


Still USA remains an outlier, with way higher homicide rate than any comparable country.


From the previous link I provided you can see that USA does not have an exceptionally high crime rate, it's pretty similar to Sweden and France, yet USA has a 4 times higher homicide rate.


So the point stands, USA is an outlier because of lack of gun regulation, while Switzerland is not, because they have gun regulation.
>Prevalence of guns has nothing to do with crime rate.


My guess is that you are perfectly aware that that's completely contrary to the evidence, based on the simple fact that you don't come across as completely uninformed. But this is not about guns causing crime, it's about firearm homicides. Maybe you are misleading on purpose?


Although it is correct that they are not linearly connected to homicides and there are other factors, there is zero doubt from evidence that the two are connected.


As you state Switzerland is a very low crime country, despite that they have a high rate of firearm related deaths compared to other European countries that have stricter regulation.


Switzerland is one of the richest countries in Europe, and they have very good social security and even "illegal" drug policies that focus on health and not criminalizing people using them. Switzerland has the 3rd lowest crime-rate in Europe, but from the firearm homicide rate it looks like they are among the highest.


https://www.numbeo.com/crime/rankings_by_country.jsp


By all other factors Switzerland should be among the very best in Europe, but they only rank 18 with 3 times more homicides than Germany, 4 times as many as UK and 50% more than Spain, despite way lower crime rate.


Nobody claims that gun regulation prevent crime in general, but it certainly does prevent the insane level of homicides USA has.
So again, what's your point?
No, even using just the year it happened.
I don't remember his post exactly, but he claimed Norway had more gun killings than USA.


But even isolating the year Breivik killed 77 which increased the average by about a factor 15, it's still significantly lower than USA per 100.000 capita, as I showed above. USA has a factor 35 higher gun homicides.
What's your point?


>even some real full-auto assault rifles. 


No.


>Generally prohibited arms are:  
Automatic firearms such as machine guns, etc.


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gun_laws_in_Switzerland


>In order to purchase most weapons, the purchaser must obtain a weapon acquisition permit. Swiss citizens and foreigners with a permit over the age of 18 who are not psychiatrically disqualified nor identified as posing security problems, and who have a clean criminal record can request such a permit.


So is your point that gun regulation actually works? Because then I agree. USA has a more than 15 times higher rate of firearm related homicides, which to a very significant degree is due to lack of regulation.
It's amazing that although Breivik killed 77 people, 8 in Oslo and 69 on Utøya, he was apprehended alive.


It's the opposite extreme to USA.


But even with Breivik, Norway has 5.2 mil population, from 2009-2016 is 8 years, and distributed on that it increases the number by 77/(8x52)= 0.18. So it's still way lower than USA for that period. (52 is 5.2 mil / 100,000.)


For 2011 Alone he increased the number by 77/52 = 1.5 which is still less than half of USA!


So even with the worst mass shooting in history in the world, and even though it's in a small country, Norway is still less than half on firearm related homicides compared to USA!


What is happening in USA is insane, and IMO the charts shown in the article, do not properly convey how insane it really is. All European countries could have a Breivik each, that's 28 in all, in the same year, and it would still be way worse in USA.
Absolutely.
We hugged, that'll have to do.
There has been some very week hinting that takes a lot of "interpretation" to make rumors from, AFAIK they could as well be merely about info or entertainment centers.


IF they have a Tesla deal that involves AI, it's huge, and that's a big if. If it's merely entertainment centers, it isn't anywhere near as significant.


But we do know that AMD has deals with Tencent and Baidu on AI, but we don't know the scope and significance of it, because it's in parallel with deals with Nvidia, that seem to still have priority.
Thank you, maybe that explains why some farmers apparently collect straw only to burn it in areas secured for it, where it is illegal to burn it in the field. It always seemed like such a waste.


I know that farmers in general aren't stupid about these things, because if they are, they aren't farmers for long.
Poor Volta was Raja/RTG, everything AMD has released on Ryzen and Epyc has held up pretty well. There isn't any Tesla rumor from AMD.
> very little actual revenue and PROFIT will come about as a result of this deal, sadly.


That's not what's important, if the Tesla deal is real, and Tesla base their AI on Radeon, it has huge implications way beyond Tesla. Because it means AMD is a significant competitor for a share of a trillion dollar market in just a few years.


>Software stack matters.


AMD has created a very good software stack for Radeon that includes AI. Nvidia may be ahead, but their stack is proprietary, and some businesses don't like that especially in the car industry, and allegedly in China in general.


AMDs software stack is 100% open source, from top to bottom, and it has made such significant progress the past year, that it seems unlikely AMD did that alone. AMD also offer semi-custom that can be tailored for their purposes, which Nvidia doesn't.


If Baidu, Tencent, Tesla and others are participating in the development, AMD/Radeon may very likely set the future standard and not Nvidia. Nvidia will than have to adopt AMDs standards just like they must with Vulkan and DX12, and Nvidia's proprietary standards will become obsolete.


I know Nvidia is ahead and they have massive resources to pull it off alone. But AMD has the most brilliant strategy possible against that IMO.
>Actually burning straw isn’t that bad.


It does release particles that are a health hazard, but honestly I personally like the smell of it, and the hazard depends a lot on concentrations.


From a productivity viewpoint, it apparently makes sense, although I'm not aware why it wouldn't be better to plough it down.


I agree straw is an excellent source for heat, and is used in furnaces, although pellets from wood are more popular. It does as you say burn pretty clean and is CO2 neutral.
Wow thank you, that's very nice of you to say, you are obviously a nice person too. ;)
Wouldn't it be nice if we could get along?


But America first! And fuck dreamers!


Seems to me there might be some cognitive dissonance fucking up Trumps brain.
>I’ve always taken it for granted and hated having to throw and stack bales onto the flatbed.


You are performing a task of historic significance, and you are a crucial part of what makes modern civilization possible.


Thank you dear fellow human being.  ;)
That's a false equivalence. It's clear that Republicans refuse to cooperate on even the most basic things. They even accuse people who have been staunch Republicans their entire life of being part of a liberal conspiracy, just for doing their job. Since when did Mueller, Comey and Rosenstein suddenly become Democrats?


All the leaders of the investigation into Russian election meddling have been Republicans, yet Republicans try to taint it as a liberal conspiracy.


This sort of rhetoric and political obstruction has been ongoing for more than 2 decades, and it's exclusively a Republican phenomenon.
You are kidding right?


2nd amendment:


>"A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed."


Switzerland actually has that.


The purpose of the 2nd half is clearly to ensure the first. Not the extreme anarchistic interpretation NRA and GOP are pushing.
I find it sickening how Trump is pandering to Putin, and I'm European, I can't even begin to imagine how this must feel for Americans?
Bullshit


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_firearm-related_death_rate


firearm-related death rate per 100.000 population.  
homicides:  
USA 3.5  
Norway 0.1  
Switzerland 0.21


And Switzerland actually has a militia somewhat like what 2nd amendment is actually meant to facilitate.
I'm guessing you are referring to how hay aided civilization?


Hay is dried grass, drying it allows it to last throughout winter, so it can be used to feed livestock and so provide food for people throughout the winter, in the form of eggs milk and meat.


Although humans can't eat hay, It is a type of food preservation, that helped people in greater numbers survive on farming through the hard seasons, and not just as small hunter gatherer groups.


IMO it's interesting how what on the surface seems like little things, and we take for granted and obvious, once changed civilization.
You are completely right.


I might add that hay is thinner and softer, while straw is much thicker stiffer and rougher.


They also smell different, and hay is suitable as fodder for many animals and more expensive.


Straw is mostly useful for heating, floor bedding and is used in some building materials and as rooftop material.


The value of straw is so low that it used to be common to simply burn it on the fields after harvesting the grains. A practice that in many places is now illegal for environmental reasons, and the risk of fires to spread.


Hay is harvested for for its actual value as fodder, and is considered to be among the most significant inventions in 2000 years, that aided civilization to expand to regions north of the Mediterranean to places like Paris and Vienna.
The flaws seriousness has been **debunked**, the way CTS released the info is **questionable** and has been heavily **criticized**, and now we know the claim that it would take years to fix is **false**.


To call this confirmed is ignorant and **misleading**.


The only thing that has really been confirmed is that CTS is either extremely **incompetent** or has **malicious intend**.


The key words coming out of this regarding CTS do not include confirmed but rather what is highlighted here.
Advertisers don'e need that info, they just need to be able to target accurately, and facebook will still be able to do that for them.
From your link:


>At this point it's just the Direct Rendering Manager bits for the Adreno 600 series and not yet any Mesa/Gallium3D code and other Linux support


Still it seems like they at least are taking a step forward, so down the road we may have proper Adreno drivers.
It won't be regulated to not work as a premiere advertising platform.
How do you regulate privacy when people give away their info freely?
I'd really love that, but I don't believe it will happen.
It won't, it only proves that facebook is unparalleled for targeted advertising, and people will continue to use it because they don't care.
Why aren't similar systems available with proper Linux with proper drivers?


Netbooks were initially a huge success with Linux because it's generally faster than windows and more resource efficient.
Absolutely, at least for the past 2 decades, the GOP party program has been mostly sociopathic in nature.
I wasn't blaming you of ill will, I just don't think we should promote anything in any way directly from CTS.


I would recommend you delete it, and I reported it.


I know that's harsh, but this is basically fake news. No need to spread that.
Don't either up or downvote the video, it counts as activity, and helps promote it. It's probably best not to open the kink at all, and downvote OP, since we shouldn't help promote this nonsense in any way.
Yes without corruption, FOX and heavy social network engineering this plot would be outrageously stupid. But with those, it has become reality.
Yes, that's how it usually works, I know I'm hoping against the odds.
I think that could be it, we are now seeing confirmation that GPP is actually enforced on branding just as HardOCP predicted.


I hope AMD has a countermove to this, and I hope the GPP will be investigated by authorities quickly.
There are lots of people who actually say what you posted in seriousness. This is not about handholding or reading comprehension, unless you mark a post such as the one you made with an /s, sarcasm cannot be assumed.
>Honestly i feep bad for these people.


I don't, they prefer to put others at risk to feel a little safer themselves. Even if it's for protection, it's still selfish.
OK to all of those (justly) blaming the parents.


Remember shit happens, people sometimes get distracted and forget things, which is why as a rule of thumb, it's a very bad idea to have guns in the house at all, even if you aren't an idiot. Chances still are it's a family member that gets shot, not a criminal.
Yeah if he didn't have a gun, he would probably just have used his lightsaber.
Generally sarcasm cannot be assumed.


Research shows that even married couples of many years often fail to pick up sarcasm of their partner, and that's when they are face to face with the advantage of expression and tonation.
"Real" Americans doing what "real" Americans do. Acting with zero responsibility or regard for others. I bet in their minds this was somehow Obama's fault. 
Nothing to see here:


>Stamos tweeted Monday afternoon that he is “still fully engaged with my work at Facebook,"
> the party of law and order.


They must not be allowed to claim that, because it's a fat lie.


They are the party of deregulation, including environment and wall street.


They are the party against gun regulation.


They are the party that criminalizes behavior without evidence of harm (marijuana).


They are the party that supports illegal discrimination based on religion.


Republicans are the party of bigotry, and they have little respect for the law or human decency, or the unnecessary suffering their bigotry causes.
Ha I agree, I bet you will never get consent from a Vista laptop. It would rather hang itself in a loop.


But who would want to marry that anyway?
It's one thing that they don't want to help the less fortunate.


What's really bad is that they are actively out to hurt them.


Republican is a platform of sociopathy, it goes way beyond Trump.
All I get:  
>**!** This video is not available.
I'm pretty sure if it consents, it's only because it was coerced.
It's easy to coerce underaged laptops.
In my experience there are huge differences among retailers. Some are pretty good while some are outright sloppy and even cheat, and it's not even always the good one that is the most expensive. Because sloppiness and cheating tend to cost money down the road.


You only know the real quality of a retailer when you've had an RMA with them.


I always try to test defects in 2 systems I know are working otherwise to confirm my findings. But if you only build one new system, that can be a problem in the case of CPU and motherboard if you don't have something compatible.
Wasn't it recently pretty solidly established that preparations for Trump to run started way before he announced it?
It's absolutely the future of casual PC gaming. And this type of powerful laptop allows people with higher demands to game when they are not at their actual gaming rig.


But this type of system is also useful for productivity.
Nope, only the ones who did that already, and would go on whatever someone told them without evidence.


Admittedly there is a lot of uninformed blabbering on the Internet. But there are also actual studies available, and actual expert advice. The uninformed by choice will remain uninformed, but those who actually seek information, have way better access to it now than ever.


The truth has a tendency to win in the long run, because it works which falsehoods don't. This long run is now shortened because the truth is more readily available, even if it's mixed up with garbage.
We have an expression of bashing the duvet to describe futile attempts of achieving something with zero result.


When you've done that for a couple of decades, you tend to lose interest.


People were way more energized in the 60's and 70's, and int the 80's it died and is only coming back slowly and sporadically.


Occupy wall street was the biggest effort in a long time, and the tea partyers hijacked that, and went on to elect Trump, who is the biggest wall street shill ever.


Hopefully these young people will be more successful.
Some of us are more than ready, and have waited 3 decades to get out of the complacent slump we've been in.


Of course we had occupy wall street, but that was hijacked and derailed, and the crazy tea partyers have now given us Trump, who is the biggest wall street shill ever.


I hope the younger generation are smarter, and will help lift us out of the swamp.
Wow I hadn't heard of this story before, but you have to admire the dedication.
But how does 64 motherboards make sense, especially if it's only 2 computers?


IMO this article is crap. Although I would be interested in the reality behind this, I'm don't trust this articles accuracy.
15 years ago I had 2 motherboards in a row, and I'm pretty sure that was the retailer recycling a bad board to me. Because those were Asus, and at the time Asus had by far the best QA and lowest fault rate.


Shortly previous to that I was a retailer and pro system builder, and I never had a single bad Asus board from whole sale. Asus claimed fault rate below 1 in 1000, and I believe that to be true at the time. Today the fault rate is allegedly a bit higher, but still way below 1%.


On the other hand I've seen all kinds of user errors, accidents happen, and users are by far the most accident prone, and they sometimes make mistakes so they think a part is defect when it isn't, most obviously connectors that don't connect properly or are outright omitted. Which I suspect is the reason some retailers recycle bad parts, and then if it's returned a second time, they return it to the wholesaler, maybe without ever testing it themselves, because they obviously have bad business practices.


Businesses use all kinds of tricks to save money, and they may have tons of 5 star ratings, just because they shipped the correct item fast.
Wow, that's a pretty extensive program, and it all looks very interesting.
>"could we reasonably argue in court that we thought this was probably legal?"


This is exactly what I'm thinking too, plausible deniability is all they need. If they can convince a court that they thought it was legal, they are more likely to get off easy.


Still if their shenanigans are detected quickly, their advantage from them can hopefully be diminished, and it can be stopped sooner rather than after a decade.


However, one thing in particular gives hope, and that IMO is how Intel failed completely against ARM with Atom, despite Intel for a decade spend more than the entire ARM revenue fighting them, without as much as putting a dent in their market share.


It cost Intel billions, and they had nothing to show for it at the end when they finally gave up and scrapped the project.


ARM has basically shown AMD how Intel can be beaten, and I'm pretty sure AMD has looked at that closely, although AMD obviously can't copy what ARM did completely, I think some of what we see in Zen and business practices are a result of that. And I think as an added bonus, the same strategies will work just as well or even better against Nvidia. Which is probably what resulted in AMD selling Vega chips to Intel.
That's the broader technical term that covers most. ;)
True Nvidia and Intel can afford to get caught on occasion, but they try to keep it within the law, because legal fights over it are unproductive and inconvenient, and it's bad PR. Even if they do break the law, they of course try to make it look as if they don't.


But if they are caught particularly EU seems to be increasing the penalties, and there is little tolerance towards multinationals on these issues, especially towards repeat offenders.


So while they don't necessarily have to stay 100% within the law, because they generally can hide it and can afford to get caught, they generally prefer to avoid that can of worms.
Short answer is either opportunists or they are sociopaths too.


Honestly the GOP in general is behaving like a bunch of sociopaths, and their policies are generally sociopathic, but they are not necessarily sociopaths, they may merely be opportunists or extremely ignorant.


With Trump we know for a fact from what he is saying, his behavior and actions that he definitely is a raging malignant narcissistic sociopath, and we know the pattern of his lies do not match a pathological pattern nearly as well as the sociopathic.
It's not a requirement.
Is that what he meant by "telegraph"?


Ah OK got it:


https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=telegraph


>to signal one's actions or intentions, especially unintentionally


I wasn't aware of that meaning.
If he is certain his other equipment isn't causing this, he should change to another retailer.


Chances are that this is actually at least in part a fault that lies with the user and/or retailer.
Problem is that Trump is NOT a pathological liar, he is a malevolent narcissistic sociopathic liar.


I've been pointing this out over and over again for more than a year now, because it's a very different thing. Trump doesn't lie because of compulsion, but to promote himself and his agenda and even just to hurt people he disagree with.
The one guy that would be worse than Trump.
>Trump who should be an adult


He has shown repeatedly that he is not an adult. But he is extremely vindictive.
That's Hitler 101.


Even a small minority of 10% can take power because the majority is generally complacent.


Keep up the fight, the core will be sorely needed if/when it gets real.
>it is ultimately in the hands of the GOP what happens then. 


it is ultimately in the hands of the ~~GOP~~ \people/ what happens then. 


Which is why this is important.:


>We need to be protesting NOW, not after Mueller is fired because there is not a lot that can be done at that point.



I'm looking forward to the exclusive interview with Trump in an orange jumpsuit, which would be suitable on so many levels.
> And isn't this the first time the president has referred to Mueller by name?


IDK, but I think I saw it mentioned so maybe?


>That's significant, I think, since the guy is known to telegraph.


I have no idea what you mean by that? I simply can't connect the two parts of  that statement.
Maybe because he continues to make tweets that clearly shows he wants to. Just within the past 24 hours he tweeted this:


https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/975163071361683456


>The Mueller probe should never have been started


And maybe because he has his lawyer state it directly:


https://edition.cnn.com/2018/03/17/politics/john-dowd-mueller-russia-investigation/index.html


>Trump lawyer calls for end of Mueller probe


And maybe because it was revealed that Trump actually already tried it last year.


https://www.nytimes.com/2018/01/26/opinion/trump-mueller.html


>Now we know that President Trump tried to fire the special prosecutor, Robert Mueller, back in June
Thanks.  
I figured it might still be in use, I just didn't have actual knowledge of it.
He may be smart for a horse, but a horse has more dignity.
The only thing you can't safeguard democracy against, is the majority not caring.


This was exactly the idea Hitler based his takeover on, if you can energize more than 10%, you have a good chance to take over completely, because the rest are too lazy or don't care enough.


Luckily it seems that a lot of people actually do care, and that's what ultimately matters.
>Wind farms produced a record 15 per cent of Britain’s electricity in 2017, up from 10 per cent in 2016.


Way to go UK. ;)
Very nice list ;)


Central heating can work too with diesel driven pumps, and maybe even without pumps if properly designed for it.


>Clever engineering would get us refrigeration powered by gas


That's already a thing, I heard it was still used in some places like military and cabins without electricity in the 50's and 60's. IDK if they are still available though.
>even if Intel gave us the chips for free, it would still make sense to switch to ARM, because the power efficiency is so much better.


Weird, because when it came out, tests showed that it wasn't better PPW than Xeon, which I admit surprised me.


Anyways, I'm happy if Arm actually is competitive for servers, even if it's only for some use cases, because competition is good, and Intel has had a near monopoly for far too long.


With AMD Arm and Intel, it seems we may finally have some real competition.
This is very unlikely to be a GigaByte problem.


It's more likely either the retailer or use of other faulty equipment.
Normally there is no way you randomly get 3 defective boards in a row.  The typical motherboard error rate is less than 1%.


You may either somehow break them with the same faulty equipment or the retailer may be recycling faulty boards, as a cheap way of catching user error.


Of course GigaByte may have some problem with QC, but this would be very extreme if not caused by events outside the control of GigaByte.
Intel clearly has the advantage now, Intel 14 nm is better than Glofo 12 nm. Glofo licensed Samsung 14 nm, 12 nm is a refinement GloFo allegedly made themselves. 7 nm is based on IBM tech.


I have no idea anymore what point you are trying to make. As I stated from the start, you can't patent a physical property, and several chip makers have FinFet patents because they developed different ways of doing it. Same as with many other technologies.


It is not customary that chip makers copy each other, the technologies are developed in parallel. There was a case a few years back however, that Samsung had copied technology from TSMC, which I guess is the exception to confirm the rule.


>what can't prevent Intel from copying the technology.


That doesn't make much sense.
Det burde være ret oplagt at mæslinger og meningitis er ekstremt dårlig karma.
Og de bruger beskidte tricks i deres argumenter som beviser og underlige ord som kausalitet for at forvirre.
Maybe because they use Samsungs production process, but honestly I don't care, my point stands, you can't patent a physical property, you can patent patent a production process or design, which is why the same base technology can have various patents that cover different ways of implementing it.
?


All I can say is that I'm pretty sure it wasn't me.
>Well what make you think amd will not gain traction?


?  
Nothing, that was what you stated.


>Epyc just comes out new product wont gain traction


I stated that they will.


>No one like monpoly company


I agree, I was wondering if this was stronger in Asia, as USA  and European consumers continue to allow and even encourage those near monopolies.


>Do you have something against asian


Not in the slightest.


>they are getting bigger than ever before.


Yes.  
I have no idea why you seem to take offense, I was merely trying to communicate. :(
>wont gain traction but will get better


Getting better market share is just about the definition of gaining traction in a market, but I agree it will get better over time, especially with 7 nm.


>They couldnt spend all money for server as they have 5g,


I'm not sure what you mean, of course you can't spend all money on one product line, and I don't think Intel could have done much more with Xeon even if they had spend more. There are limits that can't really be overcome throwing more money at a problem.


>So intel will have big debt and not enough money


No Intel does not have big debt, and they have lots of money. These are business decisions decided on what makes sense business wise.


Are you by any chance Asian? Because I suspect some of what you mean is lost a bit in translation from a language with fundamental differences to English.


I'd be interested to hear what the general opinion of Intel and Nvidia is in your country.
No, I'm serious, what did Trump think he gained from this firing?


All I can see is revenge and setting an example, even Trump can be so stupid that he thinks it's a victory for democracy to fire someone 1 day before they retire anyway. Yet he chose to publicly boast about it.


This seems akin to mafia methods of setting an example to discourage others. Trump is a malignant narcissist, he loves to hurt people, he loves revenge, and he craves attention.


My point is that nothing was gained, except to satisfy Trumps frail personality, and of course that is destined to catch up to him later from time to time.


Seems to me Trump can expect a lot of catching up, and I hope it hits him like a giant mudslide soon, and I think we are hearing the rumblings of that mudslide coming now.
Trump:


>Andrew McCabe FIRED, a great day for the hard working men and women of the FBI - A great day for Democracy. 


Reality: (from the article)


>McCabe was fired on Friday, one day before he was set to retire.


So what was gained by this? Revenge?
And many companies have FinFet patents and make FinFet chips.


GloFo has **a** patent on FinFet not **the** patent.

It will probably be pretty close between them, but if you want faster with AM4 you will have the option to easily swap out the CPU with a 7 nm next year that definitely will.


No need to rebuild the entire system and no need for driver installations or reinstalling your OS. It's almost as easy as adding RAM, and it's a lot cheaper than upgrading an Intel system too. Keep the box and receipt, and it will be an easy sell next year, and your CPU upgrade next year will be for peanuts.


Thinking one step ahead AMD is by far the better option.
You can't patent a physical property.
So is Epyc selling like hotcakes now?


Probably not, but it should at least make it easier for AMD to meet targets.
There are overheads that remain the same disregarding production levels.


Currently AMD needs about 5 bl revenue for parity with the current product mix. So net profits only begin above that level.


That said it should still be more profitable, an additional 1.2 bl in 2018 should yield about ½ a bl extra, as Lisa Su claims to target an average margin around 45% on new products. That would theoretically put 2019 around $0.9 EPS and 2020 around $1.4, on the stated revenue.


This is very roughly speaking, because obviously there are differences on margins in different areas.


I agree these projected earnings seem slightly below what we could expect at those levels from what has been previously stated.


But there are extra costs when growing, and RR probably has lower margin than Epyc, so it depends on mix, R&D was cut hard in previous years and probably needs better funding to maintain growth. And AMD is still the off brand that needs to offer better value than the competition.


I think overall these numbers look realistic and pretty good.


The EPS 25x multiple isn't really that high, Nvidia is above 50x and Intel 16X, Neither of them have nearly as much growth potential in existing markets, and AMD has very strong potential for new markets with semi custom too.
You are being dishonest, you were already provided this link:


http://www.calgary.ca/CSPS/ABS/Pages/Animal-Services/Licensing-cat-dog.aspx
Nah Trump probably sent some moron wannabe mobster, probably Eric.
Absolutely, finally some perspective, those Canadian $18 it cost in some cities to get the license is absolutely a showstopper of horrific proportions. Where will it end? Will it be $19 next year? Those $18 are far worse than the 10 times higher risk of getting killed by a gun in USA.


/s
There is hope yet, the majority of the people oppose Trump, if Mueller finds the evidence, and congress still refuse to Impeach, pressure will increase, and hopefully things will turn for the better before the year is over.
lol, that's hilarious.
This is offensive and absolute shit bordering on slander.


-Intel.


/s


I think this is cool,  I always found the: "Nobody ever got fired buying X" idiotic, and generally used when you probably shouldn't be buying X anymore.
>How desensitized and willfully ignorant about these 180 degree spins on live TV do people have to be to take this network serious?


Only slightly more than average, seems that statistically about a third are happy to eat this shit raw.
Adrian Lamo tried to do what was right, but expressed "lasting regret". Agree or disagree with him IMO he sounds like a decent guy. May he rest in peace.


Assange on the other hand seems to have lost it completely, there is no decency left, and he continues to call Chelsea Manning by the wrong gender, which is extremely offensive. From what I understand it's somewhat like if white guy call a person of color by the N word.


https://twitter.com/JulianAssange/status/974701864691347456


If you have any decency, just don't.
Trump is messing with everybody, but mostly he is messing with himself and his own, his friends and allies, while he lusts for Putin.
So because the fed was already deeply in debt they can better afford to accelerate the debts?


Yeah, I can see why USA is no longer #1, except on incarcerations for stupidity.
Vås fra ende til anden. Der er intet smart ved den mest skæve skat vi har. Medielicens er ikke en beskyttelse af DRs uafhængighed, det er en illusion der kun narrer tåber.


https://da.wikipedia.org/wiki/Armsl%C3%A6ngdeprincippet


>Politikerne fastlægger de økonomiske og lovmæssige rammer.


Armslængde princippet fungerer nøjagtigt som før, og selvom man stadig skal betale uanset forbrug er det nu officielt en skat som det i praksis har været i årevis. Men med en smule administrativ besparelse, og en smule mere rimelighed i betalingen, da skat generelt betales efter evne.
Oh I thought IBM didn't make the old Winchester drives anymore. But maybe they are still making them for government?
Du har ret, men er der noget i licensændringen der ændrer på det?


Licensen styrker ikke armslængde princippet. Selvfølgelig skal de reelt fungerende elementer bevares. Ellers bliver det nok ret hurtigt stats propaganda.


Jeg har rettet min post for at tydeliggøre at det er licens delen der er en illusion som styrkelse af armslængde princippet.
And with Internet public scrutiny is increased and leaks are harder to prevent.


If shenanigans involve a wide range of competing companies, they are almost destined to be discovered.


When Intel did their shenanigans with Dell, it was merely rumours at the time, nobody actually knew anything. Today Nvidias GPP which is somewhat similar is revealed before it even takes off properly.


Although it took a couple of weeks for HardOCP to investigate, the moment the story broke, it was spread world wide in minutes, and other sources quickly picked it up too.


It's impossible that official government oversight around the world isn't already aware, and if what Nvidia is doing is in fact illegal, it will probably be stopped a lot faster than what Intel did to AMD already in the 90's, and continued with for more than a decade.
When Redstockings was a thing in the 70's, it sure was a common claim among feminists.


But it was kind of fair enough, because it acted as a counter to common claims that men can do things better, which is generally false unless it directly depends on muscle mass. Even in that case, it's far from always true, because there obviously are strong women and weak men.


So yes it is actually feminism, just not descriptive of feminism in general, but rather an extreme form of it.
USA has become not the onion.
Wow bedste nyhed længe.


Licens som en del af armslængde princippet var alligevel en illusion, eftersom folketinget skulle godkende DRs budget alligevel. Og medielicensen er reelt internet skat med den udformning det har fået. Det er så særligt et problem fordi det er den mest skæve skat vi har, hvor en eneboende studerende eller kontanthjælpsmodtager skal betale det samme som en storfamilie med høj indtægt.


Så det er en skat der hverken er forebrugs eller indtægtsafhængig.
The point stands, I never claimed all developers do it all the time, or that all features do it in all cases.


But these incidents are too consistent to be mere accidents, what we know is probably merely the tip of the iceberg, because Nvidia obviously hides it. We only learn about it when Nvidia makes it too obvious.


Nvidia is an extremely anti competitive company. All their technologies are proprietary, they never even once did anything to promote the industry in general.


Even Apple and Intel do that from time to time. AMD does it a lot considering their size. Nvidia not even once, and still they are allowed to rake in the money like little sociopaths who care about nothing but themselves.


That's why Nvidia fans are called Nvidiots.
Yes, that was thoroughly documented with for instance Final Fantasy XV.


https://www.gamersnexus.net/game-bench/3224-ffxv-disingenuous-misleading-benchmark-tool-gameworks-tests


But it doesn't really matter, the shenanigans are there even if they can be disabled. Nvidia artificially limit who can use the "extra" features, hampering performance on Radeon, and that is by definition anti competitive.
Trump was a reaction to Obama, who was a reaction to Bush, who was a reaction to Clinton.


It's turtles all the way down.
A true American hero.
And still have a performance hit on Radeon?


When you insert redundancy specifically to hit the competition, it's anti competitive by definition, even when you can turn extra features off.


Shills will of course keep defending Nvidia, the weird thing is the number of Nvidiots that do too.
Problem for Intel and Nvidia is that they have to do it within the law or make sure it stays undetected.


I think that's a lot harder now than when Intel pulled their stunts against AMD in the 90's.
>A judge is a public official, not a priest, and is required to perform the duties of the office without bias or prejudice.


This should be pretty obvious, and since there isn't really any ambiguity here, there is no excuse either.


So how exactly is it that he isn't completely barred from acting as a judge ever again?


This is akin to banning a killer from having guns for 3 years. Seems to me this is yet another example of Christian privilege. Christians tend not to get equally punished for discriminating and breaking the law on their religious beliefs.
>You sound like a shill.


OK then, if we're going to call each other names, you sound like a whiner.


AMD stock has been awful this past year, but AMD business actually hasn't. I was talking the business side here more than the stock.


A year ago we clearly hoped for more, but without OEM support that didn't happen.
I was joking, I would have thought the levitating part would pretty clearly indicate that.
I don't understand? Are you saying people around the Mediterranean disregard the law? How does that even work? Wouldn't that create chaos?


I suppose if it allows them to for instance levitate, it might be worth it. My physics teacher told me I can't do that so I don't, and most people around here generally don't levitate AFAIK.
>yeah AMD is great but where are the margins? 


AMD has lower margins than Intel and Nvidia because AMD still is the "off brand". Despite that, AMD has very quickly managed to improve their margins significantly on better products. Lisa Su has repeatedly stated that better margins is a major point of focus.


Currently nobody buys AMD unless it's better value than Intel or Nvidia.


AMD actually managed to introduce CPUs at higher prices than Intel on their standard desktop platform, and have them sell very well too!


Lisa Su is already taking AMD out of the margin slump as a high priority point of focus.


>if EPYC doesn't show some solid traction this Q and next, this baby is going back under 10.


Epyc will probably do about as well as AMD and Lisa Su have been stating all along. Meaning it will ramp over time. Why would AMD fall further when they continue to prove that they are on their way to meet and even beat their targets?


>the margins just aren't there. period.


Repeating the point doesn't make it more valid. And the answer remains the same.
>Lisa Su has ressurected this company from the ashes.


Yes, I expect AMD to go green every quarter this year, that's a first in a very long time. There is huge talent at AMD, and they absolutely have potential to take it way further than where they are now. I'm pretty confident Lisa Su is the right CEO to do it.


AMD beat Intel with better designs despite an inferior production process, and they do it across the board, from laptops over desktops including high end desktop to servers.


Admittedly Intel have upped their game very quickly so they now are about on par, but with 7 nm AMD will no longer be at a disadvantage on production for the first time, and that's when AMD will really benefit from how good Zen really is.


Hopefully at that point AMD will be impossible for OEMs to ignore, but even with almost no OEM support for Ryzen, AMD has managed to get into green.
Why?
It says how many people per million die in traffic, so although it isn't an absolute truth about road safety, it actually does say something about it.
>my father would start the car only when everybody had their seatbelts on.


Isn't that the law? It is here (and I assume in most European countries), if you drive and is stopped by police and a passenger isn't wearing a seatbelt, the driver is fined.
So why didn't the judge just do the right thing, instead of requiring a guy with zero income and zero resources to hire a lawyer?
No it's not. Not even close. It has been thoroughly documented that game-works generates massive redundant calls to hamper performance on Radeon.


Apple makes lots of anti competitive technologies too, but they are entirely different methods. The equivalent in music would be if bands released music that played better in Apple CarPlay than other players, because Apple "helped" them encode it, and inserted artificial redundancy in the process, to make it sound worse in other players.


It's not about features, but about how they are implemented.
I didn't know that, I would have guessed fingers or toes were first.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZpBcsaGgaEM&feature=youtu.be
Thanks for telling, I don't have a single Intel CPU in my house since a few months ago, when I gave my parents the last one. (Not an Intel fan)
>This is nothing.


Absolutely, except for the Tesla hype. Tesla is the best, if you're with Tesla, you have to be the best. The marketing value is significant.


If AMD is in Tesla AI though, that's another matter. Because that proves AMD has the necessary product and toolchain to compete at the highest level. Making AMD a serious competitor to what is expected to be a trillion dollar market in just a few years.
>~~In the late 90s~~ At the turn of the millennium


Lol, that's actually pretty funny, considering how much the Itanium aka Itanic was delayed.
AFAIK CPU-Z has it's own decoding of the CPU code into architecture and product names.


On Linux AFAIK most apps use the kernel for that.


You can't simply assume a particular method used in other software. Especially not a javascript program running in an unknown browser. This instance claims it's a Mozilla Webkit Safari QT browser, which is a mix between 4 independent implementations of 2 completely independent engines. Reporting this user agent is probably done for compatibility with sites optimized for any of those without losing features, the CPU could be similarly reported as a compatibility abstraction, and not the actual architecture.
You know how that particular piece of software reports CPUs?
What? The article contains dozens of examples why Zuckerberg isn't trustworthy with links to documentation.
This was pretty obvious from the start from the terms of use. Which is why I never used Facebook to begin with, and have warned families and friends about it, who of course use it anyway. Apparently I'm the weird one for caring about such matters.
What many fail to realize is that even when charged from 100% coal powered electric grid, an electric car is still causing less CO2 emission than a gas powered car.


The gas powered car has about 35-45% utilization pretty similar to a power plant with 45-55%. But the gas car only has that as peak value at optimal conditions, that means most efficient speed at most efficient gear, on average it's more like half that 45%.


The electric loses about 10% from the powerplant in energy transport and battery charge and battery self discharge.


But this is more than recouped in way better driving efficiency with almost twice the mileage from the same amount of engine energy on average.


Of course coal pollutes worse with particles, unless the plant has good particle filters. I'm not sure what the balance is on particles, my guess is it's pretty even, but on CO2 an electric emits almost half what a similar class gas car does, even when the electric is powered by 100% fossil fuel generated electricity.


This is also the reason hybrids that can use a gas engine to charge a battery to powers an electric engine for driving can have way better mileage than a car powered by a gas engine directly. The hybrid utilizes the gas engine efficiency at its peak at all times, so despite having a dual engine system, and loss of energy conversion, it still manages better mileage.


The future is electric.
>Of course it will. It just a matter of how much.


No it really won't, because there is zero meat to the story, and few believe it, and most of the rest don't matter. Except for naive shareholders, who have zero impact on AMDs business anyway. This may on the contrary work as a positive, as it focuses on an issue where Intel has much much worse problems, and it works as free advertising for AMD.


>That was the intent. Degrade Ryzen


As I already stated it really doesn't. Which makes the rest of your argument void.


>The only reason the stock didn't collapse after the reported flaw is because it was immediately refuted by the good reddit posts here and somewhere else. 


Lol no, that was because it's too obvious, and the legitimacy was immediately questioned almost everywhere. Reddit was part of that for sure, but more authoritative sources counted more.


>It is as simple as Intel corporate telling the managers at Intel Israel, do whatever you can.


Except that would be moronic, and as much as I disagree with Intel sometimes, they aren't morons, and they certainly aren't lose cannons with complete disregard for consequences.


>If none of the CEO's of Intel went to jail after they were convicted of fraud and decades of continued fraud


AFAIK Intel was never found guilty of fraud, they have however been found guilty of unfair business practices. Practices that are generally punished with fines and not jail.


However this case may very well be considered criminally fraudulent, which is exactly why I mentioned people could go to jail for it, contrary to anything Intel has been known to be doing.


As I said, you are simply not connecting the dots right. If this is Intel it would be absolutely insane, of course even Intel could have some crazy guy going rogue, but that's just it, he would have to be desperate, crazy and a rogue, who at the same time has access to resources to pull it off.


It's not impossible, but very very unlikely.
Of course he is not finished, he never is and never will be, he is intolerable to work for and impossible to work with, so Trump is in a constant state of staff shakeup.
Enterprise Protection Agency.
You haven't considered this very thoroughly, this will not hurt AMD much if at all. All it does is mostly inconvenience a few shareholders.


If this FUD was designed by Intel, it would do actual harm to AMDs business, not shareholders which are irrelevant.


I can see you think you are clever, and think you are connecting the dots correctly, but you are not.


Of course there's a chance some amateurs at Intel could be involved, but it's highly unlikely. They'd lose their jobs at the very least, and risk going to jail.
> We've got time on our side at least.


Not if you or someone you love end up at the wrong place at the wrong time, and become part of the statistic.
Oh yes, how petty of AMD to notice Nvidia shenanigans akin to what Intel pulled off that kept AMD out of the market even when they had superior products at superior value.
Spot on.
> Accident is when something bad happens outside of your control.


Nope that definition is completely wrong:


The actual definition is:


**Accident:  
An unfortunate incident that happens unexpectedly and unintentionally.**
> Since then, our homicide rate is down almost 50%, so it is a little disingenuous to base your argument off these sources.


It's still 10 times more than most countries that have better regulation. Of course going from 20 to 10 is progress, but the the aim should still be to get it a lot lower than it is now, and stats from around the world show that it can be easily done, even without removing gun rights, but merely regulating it better.


Guns are not toys for the childish to play with, and regulating it better will contrary to much NRA rhetoric actually remove them from criminals first.
>the guy is an idiot


There are idiots everywhere, so what's your point? That maybe idiots shouldn't have guns? This idiot was trained, and still accidents happen. So again what is your point claiming there was no accident, when obviously there was, no matter what the cause of it was.
Anandtech edit:


>All the exploits require root access - if someone already has root access to your system, you're already compromised. 


Conclusion on Ars technica:


>People who rely on AMD chips shouldn't panic, but they also shouldn't discount the warnings contained in the report, despite the questionable motivations for its release.

You wrote:    
>there are merits to the exploits found.


Not really no, they are not nearly as serious as is claimed. The real problems are either when malware can penetrate without root access, or if a vulnerability allows it to gain root access. These issues do neither of those, but only work with root access, in which case you've already been compromised to allow malware to exploit every single feature of a system, including flashing the BIOS and CPU microcode.
Crashing your car into a concrete wall, will pay for itself over time, if you buy a car with better mileage.


That doesn't mean that crashing you car into a concrete wall is a good decision.
Also it's on AM4 that was promised a 3 year lifespan, and has 2 years left in it.


While Intel has launched CPUs repeatedly on more expensive platforms with less than a year lifespan. Kabylake was only 6 months, and zero upgrade path!


Of course that doesn't make the CPU better, but it does make the platform better.
Game-works isn't anti-competitive. Really?
>but you also are not providing sources.


One of my early posts in this debate:  


>This has been shown over and over again, this was merely the first hit from a google search:  
http://www.slate.com/articles/health_and_science/medical_examiner/2015/01/good_guy_with_a_gun_myth_guns_increase_the_risk_of_homicide_accidents_suicide.html  
2nd hit:  
https://www.vox.com/cards/gun-violence-facts/gun-house-death-risk  
An actual study that shows this:  
https://academic.oup.com/aje/article/160/10/929/140858  
My search term: risk of gun ownership  
Seems to me you have to be willfully ignorant to not know this.


And later:


>Example of NRA vilifying background checks with falsehoods:  
https://www.factcheck.org/2018/02/nra-chiefs-bogus-background-check-claims/


I have provided sources but you haven't, and I'll gladly provide one more.


Firearm-related death rate per 100,000 population per year:


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_firearm-related_death_rate


USA 10.5  
Germany 1.01  
Ireland: 0.8  
UK  0.23  
Switzerland 3.01


Even Switzerland that has an actually militia sort of like is mentioned in the constitution has only less than a third of USA, and in Europe only Finland is worse with 3.25 which is still less than a third. Compared to many states in USA that don't have background checks have 20+, about 100 times more than UK!


You wrote:


>A right delayed is a right denied.


Background checks and some delay are crucial factors in reducing gun violence, which is why rhetoric like this you posted earlier is extremely dangerous.


And remember the problem is far from "only" those who die, there are way more non lethal casualties, which cause people problems for the rest of peoples lives, in the form of physical symptoms, medical bills, loss of business or employment, and each case touches many more people than "just" the direct victims.


>The data has been heavily biased on both sides


I will openly admit that I'm heavily biased for more regulation. Because I've considered the evidence for and against carefully, and the conclusion is very clear, when considering the greater good and lesser evil, which is the best moral foundation there is. Preventing better regulation that can decrease gun violence is immoral.
I'm very well aware what sociopathy is, and propagandizing for extremely liberal gun rights is exactly that, both antisocial attitude and behavior, and clearly shows a complete lack of conscience regarding the human suffering caused by it.


How the fuck don't you understand the human suffering behind the stats that show that even the lowest gun casualty state in USA is several factors higher than countries that have better regulation while still having gun rights. The only way you don't understand it, is either a complete lack of empathy or extreme ignorance.


Are you claiming ignorance now?
Oh please, I've been following this industry for decades, I know very well about a number of Intel shenanigans, and fought them already in the mid 90's.


That's why I'm pretty certain this isn't Intel, it has a way to big attack surface legally, and it's way to obvious, and quite honestly quite amateurish compared to what Intel would usually do.


This can be attacked legally by AMD directly, stock holders, OEMs and even consumers.
I don't think this is Intel, it's too obvious and would be a disaster for Intel legally if it is. My guess is that this hoax will be revealed pretty quickly.
>Wowza, I do not support the NRA


Bullshit again, you've clearly defended them and attacked the opposition in your line of arguing the issue here. Your argument here in your latest post is nothing but fud, and your argument is pandering right up the NRA alley.


By the logic you present here, it should be allowed to sell to everybody without delay disregarding age, mental state and criminal record.


That's exactly the kind of insane argumentation that can  no-longer be tolerated, you are either a sociopath yourself or extremely naive way beyond what your linguistic skills indicate.


>nor have I ever given them any money.


Nope, sounds more like you're on the taking side, which would still make you a sociopath with complete disregard for the human suffering that result from the policies you are a proponent for.
It's kind of weird how it's presented more like marketing than actual security information. With graphical icons for each type of "vulnerability", and an extremely stylished and graphically oriented layout, almost like it's some kind of PR job, and not an actual security overview with zero necessary detail to identify and replicate the vulnerability.


>RYZENFALL allows malicious code to take complete control over the AMD Secure Processor.


NOTHING on what the vulnerability actually is, or how an exploit is supposed to be implemented.


The whitepaper is just more wordy document with little info. for instance this description of a "vulnerability:


>Masterkey-1: Install persistent malware inside AMD Secure Processor 


Nothing about how it can be installed, which would be the actual vulnerability.


This look like either a fake security warning to lure ignorant customers to pay for fake services, or a smear campaign designed to make it look like AMD is as vulnerable as Intel, specifically Epyc as Epyc and servers are pretty consistently mentioned first.


It's pretty obvious that a lot of effort went into making this, but apparently not the necessary effort to make it actually look real. So this may be meant mostly for the ignorant, probably meaning administration that make the final decision, often against the advise of their tech staff, because they think they know what they are doing, even when they don't have a clue.
No they couldn't. Tariffs on raw materials hurt the basis of the economy, and the overall competitiveness in export markets for products with higher levels of added value.


What could have worked at least theoretically would be to tax products with higher levels of added value. Except if the result is a trade war, then everybody loses.


Notice how EU retaliation is planned to be exclusively on products with higher levels of added value like motor cycles and whiskey, and on products that won't harm EU production in the slightest. Because they actually know what they are doing.
I think the more fair thing to do would be to setup a different brand for Nvidia products.


My guess is that if they did that, the program would fail.
Bullshit, the majority of gun owners favor background checks. The current lack of regulation is insane, only hardcore gun crazy NRA supporters want to keep it that way. Sounds like you are one of them.
Yes, it will have sophisticated infrared and LIDAR vision that can see through snow and ice, and it will know exactly where the actual road is, it will also be able to reliably calculate road grip and adjust speed to that and visual range.


More expensive models will have hover mode, so you can always reach your destination on time no matter what the weather circumstances, neither blizzards nor floods will be excuses to miss a single day of work anymore.


/S
OK so adjusted from Musk to normal time, that would usually mean 3-4 years. That's still pretty good if that comes true.


End od next year would be astonishing. Probably a first for major AI development to beat a time schedule, as it's generally not expected until at least 2020.
>now the left is coming for that too.


I sure hope so. Very bad compromise.
Yes they absolutely have complete disregard, they lobby against any gun regulation, and they are 100% destructive in the debate, and offer zero solutions, but merely even more gun lobbying in every debate.


>They offered a legislation idea that would have required background checks for everyone, but democrats opposed it.


That's not true AFAIK, and completely against what they generally lobby for. They are for instance behind gun show exemption in states that require background checks, which seriously undermine the background check requirement.


Edit:


Example of NRA vilifying background checks with falsehoods:


https://www.factcheck.org/2018/02/nra-chiefs-bogus-background-check-claims/
Disregard for human suffering is sociopathic.
Haha, GOP sold their soul, when they had none anyway, so they lost nothing.
> $10.5 fair value


Yes for a company with single digit growth.
How are those numbers reasoned and arrived at?


The Q1 number is way above projections of around $1.35-1.4 bl.
>replacing shootings with stabbings isn't exactly a great step forwards 


What an absolutely ignorant and moronic claim, it's a huge step forward, chance of survival is better, and a a stabber would never manage as much damage as a mass shooter. Most shooters are too cowardly to do anything without their guns.


But you are right that knives can be dangerous too, which is why civilized countries obviously also have regulation on that, and have fewer killings total than even the US state with the lowest from guns alone. The ratio between USA and more civilized countries is insane.
Thank you too, we really do need to expose this problem more and better, the soft attempts to get just a little improvements on regulation have proven futile, we need to call out the lies for what they are, and stop compromising against increasing sociopathy and corruption against the general interests of normal people.


I'm actually happy my post was heavily downvoted at a point, because that means a bunch of the sociopaths now know what they are considered to be by at least some people. Guns are not toys, they are lethal weapons, and they need to be regulated as such. There is no reasonable argument against that. You simply can't have absolute freedom in a civilized society, and if society isn't civilized, you effectively have less freedom, because uncivilized societies are ALWAYS authoritarian.
This has been documented over and over again, so I didn't really bother much on the sources, as I mentioned, you have to be willfully ignorant not to know this, and the third link is an actual study that shows it too, and it's pretty easy to look up yourself, if you truly are ignorant about it, and want to investigate the issue. The research exists despite the terrorist group NRA has managed to make it illegal to do with public funding.


Fuck the NRA, and fuck corrupt politicians who take money from them. They are a bunch of sociopaths who don't care about the human suffering that results from their corrupt and outright insane actions.
This has been shown over and over again, this was merely the first hit from a google search:


http://www.slate.com/articles/health_and_science/medical_examiner/2015/01/good_guy_with_a_gun_myth_guns_increase_the_risk_of_homicide_accidents_suicide.html


2nd hit:


https://www.vox.com/cards/gun-violence-facts/gun-house-death-risk


An actual study that shows this:


https://academic.oup.com/aje/article/160/10/929/140858


My search term: *risk of gun ownership*


Seems to me you have to be willfully ignorant to not know this.
Makes perfect sense, but damned I can't tell if thast's a left handed Allen key?
Another moron ignoring the stats. You do realize, that owning a gun puts yourself and people close to you in danger, with higher risk of casualty than any criminal, no?
Wow, that'a insane. I sure hope that trend will be turning with a more direct debate, without the compromising rhetoric we generally hear from politicians and media who claim to support stricter gun laws.


The 2nd amendment rhetoric to defend unhindered access to all types of weapons for everybody is insane, and has been allowed to dominate and control the debate almost without even questioning it.


For instance articles about how AR 15 is a very safe weapon demonstrate this. Which of course isn't at all the issue, yes the shooter was completely unharmed and there probably weren't any accidental shots harming people that weren't actual targets. But that's not the point at all is it?


These incidents show that no weapon is really safe, and having good people with guns present didn't increase safety in the slightest, or prevent a single casualty or death from what we know.


These shootings along with the general stats prove that there absolutely is such a thing as too easy access to too powerful weapons, and it is far from safe to continue to allow that. That point is not even reasonably debatable.
So are you likening legitimate campaigning and debate to lies and propaganda?


That's extremely twisted, and you are either ignorant or dishonest, and no "free" country has a problem comparable to USA, that allow FOX, Breitbart and Infowars without restriction. Freedom of speech without accountability legitimizes propaganda.
Kind of the main theme here.
There was no Russian propaganda that favored Hillary AFAIK, there was for Sanders and an abundance of it for Trump, but not for Hillary.
Bullshit, Trump was promoted as pro marijuana, pro women, pro LGBT and whatnot. In almost every special interest sub Trump was promoted as pro their cause, while it was all blatant lies.


There was no equivalent false promotion of Hillary.
Less war mongering, less pandering to the 1%. 
The NRA is a terrorist organization that happily takes money from Russia.
>the vast majority of people spreading propaganda are indeed Americans.


The vast majority of Americans spreading propaganda are sheep parroting Russian propaganda.
Obama wasn't an option Hillary was. I do consider most EU countries better societies, although far from perfect they aren't governed by sociopathy like USA is in many respects.
Oh wow, that must have been extremely subtle, because AFAIK nobody ever noticed or suspected anything.


/S
Bush did it too, although not as bad as Trump, Bush was not a good President, and he too absolutely harmed the image of the presidency. With Obama the GOP did everything in their power to undermine the presidency too, despite Obama was actually a good President with integrity and honor above most. Now Trump has made it into a corrupt shit-show normally unheard of for developed democracies, while the GOP taints congress as complicit co-conspirators.
>I wouldn't go there now if you paid me. 


That's how I felt when Bush was elected for a 2nd term. Obama did give me optimism though, but with the election of Trump, now it seems that was sorely misplaced. USA is sick, not just politics, USA is sick as a nation. When an obvious sociopath can be elected President, it's pretty obvious the nation, society and people as a whole is sick.
So one or two party system makes no difference?
Nvidia is extremely protective, if the HardOCP story is false, I have zero doubt Nvidia woulds send a cease and desist letter with demands of a public apology.


The fact that they haven't alone is a testament to the validity of the story being more correct than incorrect.
He advertised a competing sites story on the issue, that in itself is pretty big.
>If AMD or anyone had a clear case they would file a complaint with the FTC in heart beat.


And then nothing happens, they just continue what they are doing, drag out the investigation, and if finally fined many years later they simply never pay.
>They weren't referring to immigrants. They were referring to minorities who were born here.


We've had for instance poles, Jews, Greenlanders and other ethnic groups historically too, we've had Vietnamese and Chinese and Pakistani too, this isn't about ethnic groups or monoculture, are you serving prejudice to claim other cultures but your own are responsible?


Because I honestly find that disgusting.


>And NY is a really bad example, there a a lot of mid-size cities that are way worse,


That's pretty obvious, but I used NY as an example because they are in the "good" range of US stats, but even one of USAs best is 5 times worse than here. So what's your point?
That's bullshit, we have as high a ratio of emigrants as USA does, most of them from Islamic countries. Making this a racial or emigration issue is extremely dishonest and completely ignores the real issues.


Edit PS:


I bet both Utah and Alaska are more monocultural than Denmark, and they are way worse than NY.
Ask them to change the channel. Silence is acceptance.
In Denmark New York is considered extremely violent, and they rank third lowest in gun deaths with 4.4 per 100,000.


In Denmark we are about 6 mil people, by that standard we should have 264 gun deaths, but the real number is less than 50 killed in 2016 TOTAL, including knives which are regulated too.


What I'm saying is that the easy access in other states probably undermine the states that have background checks, and they too will benefit very significantly if background checks became universally mandatory in USA.


https://nordjyske.dk/nyheder/50-drab-i-2016/e6e0afb0-85c8-4873-81e6-9fa20dff18a9
With this story we might call it pornographic justice, when Trump is exposing himself as an incompetent idiot on twitter.
Hopefully. ;)
Healthcare is as far removed from free market as it gets in an otherwise free market economy. Because healthcare is heavily regulated in ways that protects industry monopolization without similar protection against monopoly abuse.


And when your life depends on it, you have no option but to either die or pay a legalized monopoly designed to maximize profits.
It mostly boils down to this passage:


>Arming more civilians, they agreed, almost certainly will not help matters. What would help, they say—something Congress could do now—is a new assault weapons ban, laws requiring universal background checks, and a repeal of the Dickey Amendment, which prohibits the federal government from funding research on gun violence.


I think most, including gun owners agree, the only reason NRA has been allowed to hijack and derail the debate, is that they are well funded by the gun industry, and now Russia too it seems.


The way NRA lobby gun law has nothing to do with 2nd amendment except for propaganda purposes, but everything to do with being a lobby organization for the gun industry and Russia who want to create as much chaos as possible in USA, because they benefit from it.
Copyrights last a lot longer though, and even if the original x86 patents may have expired, the original 16 bit x86 instruction set is pretty worthless today without 32/64 bit, MMX, SSE and AVX.


That said, AMD is under absolutely no threat of continuing to make Ryzen and other x86 based products, because Intel depend as much on AMD 64 bit extensions as AMD do on original Intel x86 patents.


AMD can continue to make Ryzen no matter who buys them.
I somehow misplaced this post previously, but Anandtech has an article on this:


https://www.anandtech.com/show/12508/microsoft-announces-ai-platform-for-windows-developers-machine-learning-on-the-edge


All major CPU and GPU makers are included: ARM, AMD, Intel, Qualcomm and Nvidia.
>I think you meant to post this in the other thread. 


Yes, I wonder how I managed to put it here?
Exactly, he is using the Hitler strategy, where Hitler would enter agreements so the other part would keep their side, while Hitler would disregard it completely.


It's an easy strategy for a narcissistic sociopath, and somehow they are always surprised when they ultimately loose because everybody is against them.
Trumps ideas of MAGA are seriously undermining US economy already. Since Trump took over the trade deficit has been steadily increasing and the dollar weakened.


It's quite obvious that globally business are choosing to rely less on USA partnerships, because of the increased uncertainty with Trump that makes American businesses less attractive as suppliers your business may depend on. In business stability is a major parameter, and Trump has done nothing but threaten stability.


This was a factor that actually used to favor USA in most cases, But now businesses that consider a US supplier in competition with another supplier, will see less advantage choosing the American supplier. Within USA companies that have production for global markets, will also see less advantage in having this production in USA, and will tend to move it out of USA more.


The tax cuts will do very little to counter this, because taxes are essentially optional for global businesses as they can move profits around. The tax cuts only work for businesses that work in local markets, and investments in those are tied to demand that drives profits more than tax reductions that increase your share of it. It doesn't help to get 20% more of zero, but any share of even a little more does.


Trump is actively undermining USA on trade, and he is undermining the foundation for infrastructure and education with increased deficits, and consumer confidence by lowering social, health care and consumer protection standards.


When he at the same time undermines the influx of skilled workers and brain power, it seems to me Trump is creating a situation where all arrows point in the wrong direction for growth and prosperity for USA as a whole.


Everything Trump is doing has been tried many times before, and we now know with near certainty that it doesn't work, no matter what mental gymnastics is used to indicate it theoretically should.


A lot of damage can be done very quickly, but it takes a lot longer to repair it.
There's an article on Anandtech about it.


https://www.anandtech.com/show/12508/microsoft-announces-ai-platform-for-windows-developers-machine-learning-on-the-edge


All major CPU and GPU makers are included: ARM, AMD, Intel, Qualcomm and Nvidia.
>in the event Intel contested the buyout?


No I expect they have lawyers who actually know what they are talking about, and that Intel doesn't have a reasonable venue to contest a takeover, and that Intel wouldn't endanger their own business picking a fight with a company that as it stands currently would lose less than 5% of what Intel would stand to lose.
Interesting idea, I suppose you mean the new Arm version of Windows, and not the old RT that flopped.


I could imagine Microsoft taking on Nintendo too with that, with a shared store so games that are available on both can be shared among them.


I bet Microsoft could beat Nintendo on the hardware with a significant margin. I'm not so sure it will be an OEM system though, and I don't think they will use Windows for a console, a console is a very different beast compared to general computing, although the processing is identical, the software needs to be tailored more for convenience.
No it hasn't IBM became irrelevant when they tried to monopolize the PC with Microchannel.
>I've been watching this thing unfold for 25 years.


You do realize I hope, that it doesn't really help your argument, and even if it did, I outrank you since I've been following this industry since 1982.
AMD could probably stop making CPUs completely, and make more money merely licensing A64 to Intel.
No you are, Intel fought AMD on IP until A64 became an accepted standard which Intel had to follow because it succeeded and because Itanium failed very badly.


Now AMD has leverage beyond the original license agreement Intel entered with AMD, because IBM demanded 2nd source for X86.


IBM has zero leverage over Intel compared to AMD, so there is no improvement by IBM taking over AMD compared to any other company.


The deal with GloFo doesn't change either.


The idea you have about IBM getting their head out of the sand is outright ridiculous, IBM has been leaving segment after segment in the PC industry, why would they suddenly make a turnaround to a business segment they clearly don't want to be in?


Lisa Su as CEO for IBM? You have to be kidding me! That's an absolutely awful match. I can't even imagine a fantasy scenario where that would make sense.


IBM could perceivably want buy AMD for Epyc for servers, or maybe Radeon for Datacenter/AI. But not for any of the reasons you describe.
No it means diddly, IBM wouldn't have MMX, SSE, or any other extensions that have been made. And either way it's not a problem because AMD has A64 which Intel is just as dependent on as AMD is on X86.


AFAIK IBM does NOT have an x86 license, the only X86 chip they ever made was on a Cyrix license, which now belongs to VIA. How that works exactly IDK?


AMD originally got their license because IBM demanded the possibility to 2nd source x86.
No.
>Nobody can do it but IBM.


That's simply wrong.


>IBM has an original X86 license


Even if true which AFAIK it's not that's irrelevant.


>IBM has a 10 year exclusive contract with Glofo for chip supply.


Doubling inter dependency doesn't provide additional leverage for either party. AMD will be bound exactly as much by the exact same contracts no matter who buys AMD.
Warning! Don't downvote the video no matter how much you hate it, on Youtube it adds to the interactions count, which increases advertising value.
> Goddamnit Ted Cruz is such a miserable piece of human garbage.


Thanks, I was wondering who the bad guy in this scenario might be. But I thought the consensus was that Ted Cruz probably isn't human, as there is  no warmth or detectable heat dissipation from him, meaning he is probably either a robot or a lizard.
It's a non issue, as Intel is as dependent on AMD IP for 64 bit as AMD is on the original X86.
Intel is already pretty fucked as I see it, unless their AI efforts pan out.


If Nvidia were to buy AMD, Intel would be seriously screwed. Oh and so would graphics pros and gamers of course, no more competition on high end GPU.


I don't think Nvidia would have much problems with anti trust regulations, if it isn't enforced it's irrelevant. This could be perfect timing for Nvidia to do it.


Others mention it may be Microsoft, which would make sense too. Microsoft just released a bran new AI API for DX12.


https://www.anandtech.com/show/12508/microsoft-announces-ai-platform-for-windows-developers-machine-learning-on-the-edge


And as we know AMD helped Microsoft create the DX12 specs, and Radeon is very powerful for AI purposes.


But Apple, Samsung or Broadcom could also be pretty obvious contenders.


PS:


Chances are though, that this is just another rumor that in the absence of confirmation will send AMD right back to where we came from.
>providing multiple sources as to why the EU can't force euro clearing


You provided 5 links that seem pretty meaningless, and you failed to qualify what their significance was supposed to be.


1 qualified > 5 unqualified
12 nm seems to be a bit less than expected, the best hope if the rumors about stock clocks are true, is that they OC better than 14 nm.
Haven't you noticed Ryzen is the perfect size for a wrist watch?
>Of course the target is Trump.


Flat out wrong:


https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/3726408-Rosenstein-letter-appointing-Mueller-special.html


Trump is ONLY a target if he is implicated. Which of course we very highly suspect him of. But the mandate most definitely does NOT target Trump.
3rd win is supposed to be Arm based.
You worry about details too much, I don't think you are a good candidate to become a Trump supporter.


In fact you sound more like one of them damned liberals.


Why do you hate America?


/s
I've been arguing that Apple could become a huge AMD semi custom customer for this since November 2016. AMD semi custom is right up Apple's alley, Apple loves custom parts for several reasons, they can have more integration, and it can't be compared directly to PC, and you need original Apple parts for repair. No company allow as much control for their customers as AMD does with semi custom, and Apple loves control more than most too.


Of course it also needs to be good, and that's the difference with Ryzen/Vega compared to Jaguar, Ryzen/Vega is actually pretty damned good, and I think good enough even for Apple.
Tariffs on raw materials is the stupidest move of all, because it decrease the competitiveness of American products that have added value, and the net result will be to increase trade deficits even more, and slowing the general economy doubly compared to tariffs on for instance iPhones.


The only way this move makes sense, is if it's to undermine US economy. Otherwise it's merely idiocy and complete ignorance on anything macro economy. Not even outdated economic models from when Trump should have taken an education (but apparently didn't) support tariffs.
Problem is Obama was a threat to the sanctity of white supremacy.


/s
Yep sociopathic liar.
It's probably exactly as illegal as it is when USA meddle in elections of other countries.


Meaning it may not be technically illegal, and probably not in other countries either. But maybe it should be?


The hacking though is probably clearly illegal even in Russia.
That's totally unfair, Eric Cartman is superior to Trump, because he is creative and some of his ideas actually work, and Cartman is indeed on occasion the only one who can fix some problem nobody else can.


But I agree I have no knowledge of any single person that encompass all the bad sides of Cartman as well as Trump, and manages to get away with it too.
I was thinking about Skylake to Kabylake which was much criticized, but that was less than 10%. But it did have a bump from 4.2 to 4.5 GHz on the same but refined process, with very minor architectural changes.


Ryzen 2xxx only delivering basically the same increment on a new upgraded denser process would absolutely be a disappointment.


And Kabylake wasn't very well received by reviewers.
lol ;)
I never claimed it would take the lead in single threaded, for that it would have to go to 5 GHz OC AND have IPC improvements.
Yes, but if it's to maintain similar TDP we might get higher.
OC will make or break how most reviewers rate this.


Sure 300 MHz base will be nice, but it's kind of meh. Less than 10% performance is what we have scolded Intel for. However If they can OC to 4.5 GHz, it will (probably) become the clear leader on total performance for standard desktops.


Anything above 4.5 will be amazing, and could make Coffee Lake seem almost obsolete.
Professional system builders that design optimized systems accounting for load and TDP.


Not DIY people that merely slap a cpu in a generic motherboard designed for a huge range of CPUs, and generally use over-dimensioned PSU and cooler.
>Well, considering that both candidates were lying narcissistic sociopaths,


No there is no indication that Hillary is a sociopath.


>As for being a sociopath, did you ever watch that video...


No


>We were forced to chose between two lying narcissistic sociopaths,


False equivalence.
We don't know for sure, but it's probable because it allows system builders to use 2700X as a plugin replacement for 1700X without design changes.
> nobody


And almost twice as many didn't care enough to help prevent it, 


Meaning the vast majority was fine with an narcissistic sociopath for president.


That's the really scary part IMO.


About 70% thought it was OK with an obviously lying narcissistic sociopathic president!
Wrong, I warned about the margin being WAY too small for comfort. Just as I warned there wouldn't be a personality change to some sort of presidential Trump. Still I didn't expect it to be quite this crazy.
>90 percent of wage earners seeing more money in their paychecks.


Yeah 90% see about $ 1½ or less, and are the ones who will ultimately foot the bill for those tax cuts that demonstrably overwhelmingly benefit the rich.


If you buy anything this delusional opinion piece claims you have been successfully brainwashed by the GOP/FOX propaganda machine.
My first thought too.
No it doesn't, for instance double taxing doesn't mean you pay twice as much tax, it means you pay tax twice on the same income. Like for instance if an American has work in another country, and pay tax to both countries.


Or in some countries when a company pay tax on profits, and if they pay dividend to stockholders, they too have to pay tax, which is a double tax on the same profits.


That's what this is comparable to, double payment as paying both TSMC and GloFo for production at TSMC.
If cars were protected by 2nd amendment and interpreted like guns, you could buy a car and drive without a drivers license or insurance.


Would they still claim that the high traffic fatalities could be solved if more people had cars?
Yes and that is a matter of interpretation, because they are paying GloFo for production at TSMC, so they are paying 2 times, but obviously not 2 times as much.


Technically MrGold2000 is right when he claims AMD pays double.
>its DECIMATING AMD profit


I seriously doubt that for the reasons I already stated, GloFo would be pretty stupid to piss off AMD, and clearly it's viable or AMD wouldn't do it, so clearly it's NOT decimating profits.


>Dont you see how the wafer agreement is one sided ?


Of course it is, it's part of AMD's payment to avoid bankruptcy. Considering those circumstances it seems to me the arrangement is working pretty well.


>GF is still a massive thorn in AMD side.


10 years of not making a profit almost caused bankruptcy, very much because AMD couldn't carry the huge cost of having their own foundries.


The alternative at the time would have been bankruptcy and then restructuring, which would have rendered all AMD stock worthless.


GloFo hasn't done anything wrong to deserve the rhetoric some use against them. They are actually doing pretty well including for AMD, especially if you compare with Intel's foundry problems.


If AMD had been profitable for the past 10 years, they would be more profitable now, because they wouldn't have the burden of old debt. GloFo is old debt that is still being paid off. As far as I can tell, the terms are pretty reasonable, and they are working it out for mutual benefit.


AMD and GloFo are business partners working under a contract, not enemies out to kill each other off.
I made some edits, the last quote may not have been there when you responded. But AMD does have to make some sort of payment to GloFo when they use other foundries.
On page 45:


>GF has agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to assist us to transition the supply of products to another provider and to continue to fulfill purchase orders


Page 46:


>The Sixth Amendment also provides us a limited waiver with rights to contract with another wafer foundry with respect to certain products in the 14nm and 7nm technology nodes and gives us greater flexibility in sourcing foundry services across our product portfolio.


and:


>we agreed to make quarterly payments to GF based on the volume of certain wafers purchased from another wafer foundry.


Lisa Su has already stated that AMD will be using both GloFo and TSMC 7 nm production, obviously they wouldn't do that if it wasn't profitable.


Of course GloFo doesn't want to kill AMD or even anger them, because AMD is their most important customer, and in 2024 AMD is completely free of these contracts that stem from AMD's restructuring that was crucial for AMD's survival.
It's actually pretty obvious. Lack of gun regulation and poor social security, and not having healthcare for all.


Of course there is more to it, but it basically boils down to favoring capital interests over preventing human suffering and injustice, to a degree where it becomes almost sociopathic.


If society doesn't give a shit about you, and you are suffering, why should you give a shit about society?
Right and "right" are very different things, and Trump ALWAYS means "right".
Wow, not even a good fake?
For starters accelerate plans that don't rely on Russian oil and gas, and scrap the plans that do.


Investigate illegal Russian activities, in intelligence, money laundering, and manipulation of elections.


Europe needs to pull together instead of having each country deal with it individually. The current cooperation has yielded just about zero results, with widespread Russian meddling and illegal activities.


We are in a new cold war type situation with Russia, Russia has been behaving steadily more hostile for years now. They are tearing EU USA and NATO apart, and we do nothing!


I'm not saying it has to be Merkel, she was just the one people looked to after Trump got elected, and it became obvious that Trump was exactly as inept as could be expected.
Absolutely fuck Putin, and we need USA back on the International scene as a respected player and leader, because apparently EU can't figure out how to do it properly without USA leading.


I'm all for Merkel as leader of the free world in the absence of USA, but she isn't taking on the role. 


(I'm a European.)
I can assure you it's a completely useless article, that fails to put the main 2 idiotic comments at the top or even mention them: "Arm the teachers." and "I'd run in there even if I didn't have a weapon."
Fucking liberals.


...


Oh wait?
>Kind of like the NRA mainly has a party against them. 


You must be completely brainwashed, because that's not in any way true, Democrats have never done anything to prevent NRA from any legal activities. Contrary to Republicans who continuously try to prevent Planned parenthood from providing LEGAL essential health services.


Democrats try to improve gun regulation, but doesn't try to prevent NRA. Exactly the way democracy is supposed to work. While Republicans use every trick in the book they can come up with to prevent Planned parenthood from providing legal services.


>Well, except for the whole killing millions of babies thing. 


They have never killed a single baby. Your rhetoric is reflective of an extremely flawed thought process apparently void of reasoning on actual evidence, and only to support emotional and possibly even religious prejudice. You are either a bigot or a troll.
They don't have a party behind them nearly as much as they have a party against them, that actively tries to prevent them from providing legal essential health services at reduced rates, where they are needed most.


Planned parenthood saves lives, NRA destroys them.
>But it says that it's a common carrier, and will not deny service based on political views or policy positions.


The problem is the special agreement and 26% discount, it's not a demand to deny essential services.


FedEx is trying to put up straw men.
Yes exactly like the very powerful "repair furniture" industry, or the infamous "Ingrown toenail" industry that is taking control of our country.
> PP actively lobbies on behalf of the abortion industry.


Such a thing doesn't exist, it's like saying carpenter industry, it's not an industry, it's a craft.


Regarding abortions it's also a service that is provided at a loss, there is no industry that profits.
AFAIK Planned Parenthood doesn't lobby Democrats with bribes, and Planned parenthood is non partisan, and has never threatened anybody with anything.


The NRA on the other hand encourages terrorism, which Planned parenthood among others have been victims of, and the NRA actively lobbies on behalf of the gun industry.


It's a false equivalence to a degree it can only be considered an outright lie.


You have to be delusional to think the argument has even the slightest bit of merit.
It's not 6% like from 13 to 19, it's like from 13 x 1.,06 = 13.78. wccftech.com claims 13 to 14.2.
But Lisa Su claims crypto is less than 5% of AMD revenue.
This only proves that Republicans are systematically using public funds to help themselves. It's not a Trump thing it's a GOP thing.


Corruption is an accepted norm in the GOP.
Less NRA terrorist propaganda is better. Would you feel it was OK to carry it if it was a Muslim terrorist network?
Yes, but even in those situations there will also be decision makers that will prefer alternatives if the difference is minor.


The idea is that we should boycott FedEx in general, not only for private use. There are several in this thread already that have stated they are switching their own business, or simply use something else for the business they work in.


My guess is that FedEx will either change their stance on this issue soon, or permanently lose marketshare to competitors.
>boycotting won’t make a big difference.


Yes it will, even if it's only a small percentage, they need to keep the same level of infrastructure even with less customers, and it will influence their profitability directly. It's easy to switch to something else, and people who organize shipments for companies are switching too.


The thing is to ensure immediate and maximum effect, this will also aid the competition and that will hurt FedEx doubly.


Most companies offer a choice of shipment methods, in those cases all you need to do is generally to check something other than FedEx.


>99% will go with price over morals,


This is a part that customers see, using FedEx will reflect badly on the company, and generally companies don't like that.
You can easily be a supporter of 2nd amendment and against NRA policies.


A recent survey showed that 79% NRA members disagree on at least one specific gun control issue. 52% disagree in general. AMONG THEIR OWN MEMBERS!


NRA has 5 mil members, that's only about 2% of the adult population.


There is no doubt that NRA policies are widely unpopular, and a boycott will inevitably work. NRA is NOT about gun safety, it's become a gun lobby for the gun industry.
Republicans behave outright like a bunch of sociopaths.
Meanwhile Trump is trying to cut access to food stamps.
No I absolutely didn't, those were merely mentioned as deals, nothing about when they were to be fulfilled or the scope of them.


But I guess you are right, availability was reserved for strategic customers.
How could they have ½% with zero availability?
OK I didn't know that.
So how can you be sure? I mean it's not THAT much more crazy than so many other things we've heard from Trump and his lawyers and supporters and even congress.


Crazy is the new normal.
Too busy tweeting, playing golf and watching TV.
Same here, but they actually look pretty cool.
Ah OK I can see my suggestion might be a bit over the top just for that, and yes I would guess you would be a minority in most places.


I'm not a gun owner, but I do live in an area that is used for hunting various types of wildlife, and I love it, because the hunters are the economic basis for the area being kept mostly natural instead of being used for farming, and it's very beautiful where I live because of it.


Happy hunting. ;)
No, but we have to realize that there are age related health issues that she is much more likely to suffer from to some degree within another 4 year period.


There is also the more general problem that the average age is way higher than what should reasonably be representing the population, which to some degree is making the general "out of touch" problem in politics worse not better.
Start your own club for like minded non NRA supporters.


I know that's a huge step, but it could be cool. ;)
I used to be very doubtful about that (as a European), but I'm actually getting more hopeful. I think you are right that the world will definitely embrace a return to normality. Problem is that Bush was alienating allies to USA too, and although Obama was widely respected, Trump is simply too much too soon after Bush.


The certainty of USA as a reliable ally is extremely badly damaged, and it will take a while to restore. But I agree we will probably continue to cooperate on common goals almost instantly when sanity is restored in USA.
I hope you are right, but Trump has done massive damage to USA soft power even among core allies.
Problem is that Trump is doing massive damage to the goodwill even among core allies, so where USA before Trump would easily have gained support, to magnify the effect of reprisals against Russia immensely, it will now be a lot harder.


If even core allies don't support USA sanctions, they become ineffective, as Russia has numerous closer markets.


And that's the real danger here, USA used to wield great power through the wide spread acceptance of US soft power. Losing that soft power, USA isn't nearly as powerful on any international matter.


As can clearly be seen with the Mexican president cancelling a planned meeting with Trump, you can't just bully other countries to submission.
Find another gun club or at least make regular complaints about it.
Thisd may not be the clearest, but it was the first hit on searching "NRA member poll".


http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2017/07/05/among-gun-owners-nra-members-have-a-unique-set-of-views-and-experiences/


Notice that 79% are in favor of preventing mentally ill from having guns, and 52% favor background checks, including at gun shows which NRA has managed to get exempt.


Of course if you look at non NRA member gun owners, the stats are way more against NRA.
Yes it does, the product must be stellar for getting a "satisfied" rating, "satisfied" in Finnish translates to ecstatic by how good this shit is. He may even have smiled at some point, and not looked at all depressed.
Yes when we talk 50 year olds who can't find work, despite good qualifications.


I think it's fair to say she should stop now that she's 84, her livelihood in no way depends on it, and she can still do political work if she wants to.
Most accurate comparison of Skymountain I've ever seen. ;)
Don't attempt to climb Skymountain without oxygen. It's not meant for sports, it's the road to the rainbow bridge Bifrost, that lead to the heavenly domain of Asgard.
We don't need to earn medals, we have EU for that, and we consider ourselves ahead as a member of the EU.
Thanks, we need all the help we can get. ;)
Spot on.
How about in an orange suit and handcuffs?
That has yet to prove to fulfill its purpose.


I seriously hope it will, I used to be sure it would, but I'm not so sure anymore. GOP is supporting Trump all the way, and I wouldn't be surprised if they conspired to remove Mueller.
Try to read that headline again, and then put it in context of recent events, and compare it to NRA talking points, and it's pretty easy to spot that this is a propaganda piece more than anything else.


Maybe you like your brainwash, but it's dangerous and cost lives of innocent people way more often than the other way around.
EPA, Clean coal, cutting programs for renewable, exit Paris agreement.


Dismantling consumer protection.
I guess you are right. ;)
I disagree, the combat veteran knows first hand the damage guns do to people, the hillbilly lives in a fantasy about guns created by NRA and popularized by the Fox propaganda machine.
>Closing Guantanamo Bay. Fixing our crumbling infrastructure.


They really did try, republicans blocked it. You are delusional if you don't see that.
No it's not funny, and it wasn't what the democrats really wanted, they wanted a public option, and that's now part of their official platform.


If the Democrats had forced the public option, it would have lasted less than a year before the Republicans would have repealed it. ACA is far from perfect, but it's a heck of a lot better than paying for coverage that's basically worthless.


You are right that to some degree ACA is a health tax on the lower middle class, but the benefits are obvious with way better coverage at more reasonable prices, and Democrats want to improve it, not to roll it back to the insanity that was before like the Republicans want, and leave a huge percentage without coverage at all.
That's completely false, Democrats only had the majority for a very short while right at the beginning of Obama's presidency. The Democrats made changes with tangible benefits that on average helped blacks more than any other demographic.


Trump and GOP is trying to dismantle all of that, even if you consider democrats and republicans a choice between two evils, those evils are far from the same, and there is zero doubt who benefit blacks more.


Democrats are at least moving in the right direction Republicans are not. It would be nice with better options, but in the reality we are in now, when black people vote against the democrats they are committing the exact treason against their race that Malcolm X warned against.
NRA is evidence that lobbying and propaganda works extremely well, even when it's obviously actively harmful to the general population.
The times were very different 50 years ago, Democrats have gotten better and Republicans worse, Malcolm would definitely not support Republicans today.


What he is arguing is that black people should vote for their interests, and today that very definitely is to vote Democrat.


If you are a white supremacist, Trump is your man and the GOP is your party. To argue that black people should vote for a white supremacist is insane.
Malcolm is saying the exact opposite of what you are saying. That it does in fact matter who sits in the white house, and Trump definitely isn't it neither for blacks or any minority or even for whites who aren't in the top 10%.


Was Hillary perfect? No, nobody claimed that, would she be better than Trump? Hell yeah.
So there was a good guy with a gun, who wasn't a coward, and actually actively assisted.


Yet it didn't prevent the shooter.


Maybe the rhetoric that only good guys with guns stop the bad guys is a falsehood? I guess if it was true, USA would have the lowest gun death rate in the world. I wonder if the stats support that theory?
Anecdote to disguise the fact that guns do indeed kill people.
That's absolutely false, liberals would have done way more with Obama if they hadn't been blocked by a GOP majority in Congress. And they would have with Hillary too, stop the fucking false equivalences.
The NRA is losing the debate badly, now they admit to being outright irresponsible in their activities and lobbying.


If anyone had any reasonable doubt about the motivation of the NRA and what NRA is really about, this should remove that.


She is basically saying NRA doesn't care about the human or any cost of NRA policies or actions, and the degree they don't care is absolute.


Of course we could already see that from their responses to previous incidents, but now it's completely out in the open.
Yes qbits work differently, still to have a commercial product ready in 5 years, they basically need to have the technology ready now, and they clearly don't.
Snowflakes in NRA can't take even the slightest bit of hardship.


Whuaaah they are taking the icing of our cake, wuaahh.


 Fucking greedy inferiority complex crybabies is what they are.
No worries, Trump has the best brain, and he is probably the most honest and least corrupt person you've ever seen, possibly in history since Jesus.


Nah who am I kidding, Trump would never be humble enough to admit that Jesus was better than him.
Or Trump, and I bet many are dirty as hell, and can be turned to Kompromats for the Russians, which could explain a lot of weird behavior by top GOP people.
Not only Trump, but the GOP too.
The news headline should be:


**"FOX tries to taint CNN with fabricated evidence"**


We need to fight back against FOX more clearly.
AMD bought the right to use other foundries, problem is TSMC is at max capacity too. So without GloFo it would have been worse, even if AMD could have gotten rid of their foundries at zero cost.
No Longhorn became Vista, but instead of being great it was awful.
Not exactly first, TSMC is slightly ahead. But allegedly GloFo will have the best process of all, while Intel is really struggling with 10 nm. Of course Intel can afford setbacks way better than AMD and GloFo, but considering how arrogant they were merely a year ago, dissing every other foundry for being way behind, I can't help wonder how much money Intel have been pouring into their foundries?


Well GloFo 7 nm isn't ready yet, and it remains to be seen if they are on time and it's as good as they claim, but nothing but confidence seems to leak out of GloFo about it.
I hear Longhorn should revolutionize the way we use computers. It should be ready real soon now, development was after all started already in 2000.


Maybe they should scrap some of the exciting features and release what they have...


Oh wait.  
Was that Vista?
GloFo ran a risk too, if Zen had been bad AMD might have bankrupted in 2016 despite the restructuring.


GloFo is definitely baggage from bad times, but as things have turned out, GloFo has actually done pretty damned well with help from IBM, and the baggage is now near zero weight as far as I can tell, and might even be a huge bonus before the year is over.


If AMD hadn't been able to restructure and get rid of their foundries, AMD would be bankrupt for sure now, and even if they weren't they'd be stuck on 28 m.


As it is AMD now has the opportunity to use both GloFo and TSMC and Samsung. But it's probably somewhat expensive, because they too are at production limits, and AMD still doesn't have the profitability to afford to compete equally against Nvidia, Apple, Qualcomm et al on production capacity.
If the line I quoted doesn't show the disconnect, I'm not sure I can explain it.


Holmdahl is saying they can carry out a million single qbit operations between errors, mind you this is on a simple experimental setup, with only a few qbits.


To design a proper "CPU" already takes about 5 years, so they should actually have the technology ready now, to manage a commercial system in 5 years. And they obviously don't, and there is nothing about how they solve problems that arise from the increased complexity necessary for a commercial product.


I guess if it wasn't for the ridiculous claims and omissions, the article would be OK. As it is, it's more misleading than informing about the state of the technology.
OK I know there was an agreement that tied AMD to GloFo as part of the price for taking the foundries off AMDs hands.


In 2016 AMD paid GloFo to have more freedom from that deal, IDK if that's the 2024 -> 2020 deal you are referring to. We also know that AMD now cooperate with TSMC besides GloFo, which is great because diversifying the risk is great, and they may get access to processes that are more specifically suited for whatever the are used for.


>and when end of 2020 arrives, they WILL 'negotiate' options


If the contract needs to be renegotiated, it's probably because it expires, and at that point AMD will indeed be free of any obligations towards GloFo.


>if 2020 comes around 


I sure hope it does.


>and amd pays them an additional 350 million or more, it's not going to resonate well with investors.


Where do you have that number from?
Nah more likely something in between.
Welcome to r/technology, where you are downvoted for stating facts regarding a bullshit article.


>It has to do with low, low error rates, Love explained. "We are targeting an error rate of 10 to the minus 6


Wow a whole thousands of a second between errors per qbit at 1 GHz? Yes I'm sure that will be ready real soon now. /s
No it's the claim that GloFo is really bad news, it's simply outright false.


The bad news were AMDs original foundries which were costly and obsolete, and the fact that AMD has been running on a deficit for almost a decade in part because of those foundries. Compared to that OR the problems Intel have, GloFo is great.


>Why do you think they only extended the last, 6th amendment to end of 2020, and not 2024?


IDK.
I agree, but allegedly GloFo has not been the limiting factor for AMD, and the real problem is that AMD doesn't have the resources Nvidia do who could ask TSMC to make a process specifically for Volta.


And luckily AMD isn't stuck with a nightmare similar to Intel with 10 nm.


Could it better? Yes it could, but really not that much.


Could it be worse? Yes definitely much much worse. AMD could still be on the brink of bankruptcy and only be able to afford 28 nm production, because they were stuck with their obsolete unprofitable foundries.
Germany has always been a huge carrier of the economic burdens of EU, with Brexit the advantages became clearer, and it's more obvious that the costs are worth it.


Same for many other countries who are net contributes, although they were already in the green, the distance to the opposition to EU has basically doubled in most of them.


Independence sounds nice in theory, but the reality is that cooperation works better for all. Even Greece despite they are still in the red.
>The UK don't give a fuck about us


How can they when they apparently don't give much of a fuck about themselves?


They shot themselves in the foot with Brexit, and the response from government was that that was fun, let's do the other foot too, and go for hard Brexit.
USA suck at foreign aid when you don't count military.
Worse than bankruptcy? For fucks sake get real.
>Companies scramble to distance themselves from ~~Russia~~ terrorism.

Ah OK, still a nothing burger IMO.
>background checks and training 


I think that's a fine goal, and that's way more than just having to wait a day without background check, and only banning assault weapons meant for warfare.
>An unnamed aide said in a statement this week that Sanders "was using the word 'campaign' expansively to include not only the formal, institutional campaign, but also the broader network of volunteers and supporters of Bernie 2016 across the country."


That's all he is quoted for that I can see, and does in no way support the headline.


The story appears to be a fabrication for immediate effect on those who have a short attention span. That's basically propaganda.
Complete non-story, first Sanders did not try to take credit, the only mistake he made was to say it was a staffer when it was a volunteer.


How the fuck petty do you have to be to blame Sanders for that?


Oh wait, I think I know, probably Republican Russia-complicit or Russian troll kind of petty, trying to make scandals about liberals about nothing.
>What makes you think rhetoric will save us? 


16 companies have already announced they've discontinued cooperation, that's definitely already different.


>Actions speak louder than words. 


It's the actions based on the rhetoric that have caused those 16 companies to discontinue cooperation, and it's far from over yet.


There will probably be no change in federal regulation, because the GOP will oppose it in congress, but there will be on state level, and the GOP failure to act will bite them next election and that's when the federal regulation will come.
>When this all blows over, these very companies will quietly crawl back to the NRA.


That's how it has usually worked, but this time is not like the others.


>Get out there and act,


Absolutely, or prepare yourself for a massive disappointment. 


Absolutely.


>Then again, the majority of this sub need that disappointment.


Why?


>You need to learn somehow and talking sure as hell didn't work.


As we've seen numerous times already, and I think this time is different.


The rhetoric is much clearer and to the point, as I've already mentioned with labeling NRA a terrorist orginazation, but also stuff like this:

 
>You are either funding the killers or you are standing with the children.


From this article:


http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/delta-nra-discount-airline-remove-website-gun-control-florida-shooting-trump-latest-a8226701.html


The point of compromising has passed, which has been the political strategy from liberals. That's not good enough anymore.
We need better animal rights.
Last poll I've seen the majority of NRA members actually opposed NRA policies against regulation.


This is also great because what you call icing, is actually aid in financing NRA membership for some.


Companies no-longer supporting NRA either directly or indirectly is a huge step forward.
Without GloFo there wouldn't be a Zen because AMD would be bankrupt. If AMD somehow managed to avoid that, they would never have been able to pull off what GloFo has done. And they would have only 2 options, either use Samsung 14 nm which isn't as good as GloFo 14 nm, or use TSMC 16 nm which may be good for desktop, but not as good as Glofo 14 nm for anything else AMD is entering in now.


The problem is not GloFo but that AMD wasn't profitable. The restructuring resulting in GloFo has been immensely helpful.
No it has been stated numerous times now, that 12 nm is an LP process, AND it's a new process, NOT 14+ LPP.


https://www.anandtech.com/show/12438/the-future-of-silicon-an-exclusive-interview-with-dr-gary-patton-cto-of-globalfoundries


>Q6: So was 12LP originally called 14+?  
GP: No, and we never really had a 14+ per se. We have had what we call BKM, which relates to ‘performance bump’ improvements. I think some companies would call it a plus, you would call it a plus. But 12LP is a completely separate thing,


GloFo 12 nm is still not quite as good as Intel 14 nm, but it narrows the gap to about half.
Yes, because when you already can't manage, the solution is to increase the requirements you have to meet.


That is if you are a sociopath with complete lack of empathy, and basically don't give a fuck about anything but yourself.
Isn't that what it's basically doing? Seems to me the extreme propagandist scaremongering and conclusion with fist of truth qualifies.


PS: Don't downvote Youtube channels you strongly disagree with, it counts as interaction, and raises advertising value!
I Reported the video as promoting terrorism.
List is incomplete, major items like Amazon and Visa aren't on it.
Labeling NRA as a terrorist organization is new, and it's not without merit.


I think NRA may finally be losing the public debate, where reason has generally lost  against the fanaticism of NRA and extreme gun owners, supported by the GOP because they love the distraction it provides and embrace crazy.
You are probably right that the economic impact is negligible. But without the benefits, there is less reason to be a member. This also removes some of the widespread acknowledgement of the legitimacy and value of being an NRA member.


This will surely remove some of the leverage NRA has, and it's a great step.
Hold kæft hvor du vrøvler, jeg sagde det kunne bruges hvis dit hypotetiske problem opstod.
Fordi det ikke er nødvendigt.
Hvilket overhovedet ikke er hvad du postede før, og stadig er fuldstændig urealistisk, og nemt kan kompenseres for med lade ur.
Vrøvl.
> hvis alle mennesker eller bare mange personer i et område skiftede deres forbrændingskøretøj ud med en elbil. 


Urealistisk scenarie, og hvis det virkelig skete, kan man lade om natten hvor vi nemt kan lave strøm til det.


>El-nettet vil simpelthen gå ned.


Nej.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hn1VxaMEjRU
There are inconsistencies that cause frequent accidental jumps between the universes.
The list is getting shorter. ;)
What an utterly weird article, CNN interviewed her in the light of the information we have now, turns out she chooses denial and continue to defend the exact same views, a reaction that may be very typical, and could help explain why Trump still has support in the high 30's.
Batterier skalerer fint, og er billigere end brint celler.
Eller vi kunne lagre 4 gange så meget med samme overskud med batterier, som så også holder strømmen længere.
I think it's called democracy.


For instance criminalizing cannabis and putting those who still use it in prison and then take away their right to vote for legalization is so obviously undemocratic it's amazing this is even a debate.


Republicans have systematically criminalized demographics they oppose, taking away their right to vote is a symptom of a dysfunctional democracy.
>I think the issue is that once you passed 4Ghz, the power goes up exponentially.


The point is that the point where that happens is higher for 12 nm.


>From what I heard, it can do 4.4 Ghz to 4.5 ghz compared to 4.0 to 4.1 today.


That's what we expect from what we know about the process, which mostly boils down to GloFo stating 12 nm is 10% faster, but there are no examples of such results that I have seen.


If it turns out to only be 5% as the R5 2600 leak suggests, it will be a disappointment.
>AMD is not that far behind


I absolutely agree, and I never said they are. Polaris and Vega are absolutely good products and good value. But the value part comes from AMD having to accept half the margin Nvidia has. Nvidia can slash their all prices 30% and still make as much as AMD does now.
Trump:  
Hey people I have an idea. Why don't you just figure it out somehow, while I do absolutely nothing except making it harder by cutting all your budgets.


Trump is a sociopath who feels zero responsibility for anything.
Yes, and if it was 20% faster it should be more like 6-700.


It was estimated that it would be around 3-400, so 200 is quite a disappointment. I hope it's an engineering sample, and not the final product.
Polaris is 232 mm² 14 nm vs 200 mm² on 16 nm for GTX 1060 (GP106). 


Vega is 484 mm² on 14 nm against 315 mm² on 16 nm for GTX 1080 (GP104).


Radeon is bigger on a denser process, and although the TSMC process is slightly faster, it at most outweighs the difference in density.


There is no way I can see where you can argue Nvidia doesn't have a performance lead in gaming per mm².


The Rx 470 is obsolete, so I don't get why you even mention that, and the Rx 470 and 570 die is the exact same die size as Rx 580 all with 232 mm².
No it's 12 nm.
>Radeon doesn't lose to Nvidia if the game is optimized,


I think you are confusing Rx 580 vs GTX 1060 and Vega 56 vs GTX 1070 with performance per mm². Nvidia still has a lead on gaming performance per mm², while Radeon has a lead in general compute.
Det har vi, det kaldes flash charging og virker ved lynhurtig opladning af af kondensatorer i stedet for batteri, det er perfekt til bybusser, men kræver selvfølgelig at man udbygger udvalgte stoppesteder med ladefunktionen.


Brint er under alle omstændigheder dødsdømt, hvorfor man vedholder med at spilde penge på en teknolgi med 25% udnyttelsesgrad er mig en gåde, der er faktisk lavere CO2 udslip ved at køre med almindelige busser.


Med batterier kan vi reducere til 50% selv ved el fra 100% fossil brændsel.
Med gennemsnit på 50% vedvarende energi er reduktionen helt ned til 25%.


Med brint fordobles co2 ved el fra 100% fossil brændsel. og når kun tilbage til par med 50% vedvarende energi.


Brint er hul i hovedet.
Brint har kun 25% udnyttelsesgrad og siver hurtigt så det er en ringe form for opbevaring.


Batterier har 90% udnyttelsesgrad, og holder kapaciteten langt bedre end brint.


Batteriteknologi er i forvejen langt bedre, og gør større fremskridt på både pris og ydeevne. Det eneste punkt brint har en fordel er kapacitet i forhold til vægt og størrelse, brint kan dermed være anvendeligt hvor dette har ekstrem betydning muligvis til f.eks. fly. Men til biler busser lastbiler færger værktøj mm. er batterier så overlegne at brint forekommer decideret tåbeligt.
Brint har kun 25% udnyttelsesgrad, og brint er skod til lagring.


Batterier har 90% udnyttelsesgrad, og er langt mere holdbar til lagring.


Brint er dødsdømt på forhånd til nær alle praktiske formål. I det mindste indtil vi har så meget overskudsstrøm at det er nær gratis.
Bortset ffra at de arbejder på elektriske tunge lastbiler der kan køre op imod 1000 km på en opladning.


Det er 2 vidt forskellige batteri og lade systemer der er optimale for bybusser og langtur. Bybusser kan bruge små batterier der kan lades hurtigt ved stoppesteder. Langtur skal have større batterier, men det er absolut muligt at lave busser rentabelt der kan køre 600 km på en opladning, når folkevogn kan lave en personbil der kan der kommer i 2020.


El-batteri teknoilogi har 90% udnyttelse af strøm fra elværk, brint har 25%.
The average Chinese have less money than average western democracy countries. It makes perfect sense that most go for best bang for the buck among cheaper options. The same ought to be the case in India and south America.
Wow that's crazy! 90-120 min battery is actually better than I expected.
To all of those who claimed 12 nm wasn't really a new process, but was merely a marketing rename of 14+, even when I documented that GloFo states it's 15% denser:


>Q6: So was 12LP originally called 14+?  
GP: No, and we never really had a 14+ per se. We have had what we call BKM, which relates to ‘performance bump’ improvements. I think some companies would call it a plus, you would call it a plus. But 12LP is a completely separate thing,


You know who you are...
Fuck Fox news for their attempts to turn every single important issue into a scandal about those who are raising it.


Fox is poison.
The CPU ISA isn't important, it's all about APIs, to change to another CPU for a console is only a matter of compiling against it with the needed APIs. Game programmers don't even see the CPU and don't care the least bit.


It will break compatibility with previous consoles, but that has historically been done routinely without hesitation.
https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/7zf79c/scientists_have_identified_significant_amounts_of/duo3uju/


Just read up on the numerous flawed alarmist studies.


I'm going to unsubscribe now, this sub is poisonous.
>Sony/Microsoft need to source a CPU in addition the the GPU


Not if it's Arm based, Nvidia can integrate that just like AMD can integrate X86.  But Arm cores aren't as powerful as even the Jaguar CPU cores. For consoles it shouldn't matter as much as the GPU part. But AMD allow semi custom designs, and allow way more control for their customers with open design and tool chains, and they charge less. So together with a better CPU core, the overall better choice IMO remains AMD as a good balance between CPU and GPU, and the way better partner.


But that doesn't change that Nvidia could be way more competitive if they want to, but apparently they don't probably because they make more money the way they currently operate. I just hope AMDs strategy will win out in the long run in other segments too.
On the basis that several studies have been made with similar alarmist conclusions, that have ALL turned out to be flawed to a degree that they appear to be designed specifically to misinform.


I've scrutinized dozens of such studies, and the truth is that e-cigs are less than 1% the hazard cigarettes are, and the generally acknowledged claim among professionals is that the actual harm is definitely less than 5%, based on actually decent studies.


I'm not going to waste any time on this unless someone pays me, because it reeks from a distance already.


The fact that the actual atomizers accused apparently aren't even mentioned is a dead giveaway too.


All the downvoters are probably ignorant, and haven't spend the time to actually examine the issue anyway near as thoroughly as I did over a period of 3 years.


These studies and headlines make me sick, and really scream out that we need better accountability to avoid fake studies.
Probably because the study is designed to misinform.
Probably because it's part of a scare mongering campaign.


I've checked up on dozens of this kind of studies with alarmist conclusions, and every single time it turns out to be a manipulative hoax of a flawed study.


Several studies have been made that show that no toxic compound of a e-cig is above 1% of smoking cigarettes, any study that I've checked that shows otherwise has been extremely flawed in its methodology, so much so that it seems as if it's on purpose.


When doctors claim e-cig is less than 5% the health hazard cigarettes are, it's to stay on the extremely safe side, without any chance that their claim can be challenged. The true number is is less than 1%, with possible rare exceptions.


I haven't read the study, because it reeks of bullshit from the get go.
OK wow, if that's true, and considering GloFo claims 12 nm LP is 10% faster than TSMC 16 nm LP, then 12 nm LP should be 20% faster than 14 nm LPP, and the R5 2600 clock leaks aren't at all representative or it will be an OC monster.


It doesn't really add up, some piece of info isn't quite right here.
The only console I know is made on a TSMC process is Xbox 1X, and I suspect that's 16 nm, I don't think TSMC 16 nnm LP is 10% faster than GloFo 14 nm LPP. Allegedly it is slightly faster, but I doubt it's 10%, if it is, then it doesn't make sense that Glofo claims that their new 12 nm process is 10% faster than TSMC 16 nm **and** Glofo 14 nm.


So all in all I must admit that I don't have a clue whether your claim is valid or not, and I don't get why you focus on f-max, which is a very specific test, if it's 10% faster due to the TSMC production process it should be generally faster all around.


I'll buy that the first part of your argument has merit, but the second half remains very confusing. Most consoles are made on older processes, so it's very hard to compare that with Nvidia. On the mainstream GPU processes which is Glofo 14 nm for AMD and 16 nm for Nvidia which allegedly are pretty similar, Nvidia has the overall advantage for gaming, and that was the basis for my evaluation.
Yes I get that, but how is TSMC better than GCN? That doesn't make sense.
> Also consoles are fabbed on TSMC so they have a bit of a higher f-max than what would be possible on GCN. 


Do you mean GloFo? Because I can't really make sense of that sentence.


>AMD has abandoned development of future Puma/Jaguar cores.


Which absolutely makes sense.


I'll buy that consoles may utilize GCN better than PC, and maybe AMD is more equal, but it still doesn't change the fact that Nvidia would obviously be competitive if they wanted to.
It's not further than it is now, with L3 split among 4 die. I don't think it's an actual bandwidth limitation in practice, because although the current design would have more channels per my example, they can't be equally well utilized because the L3 cache is spread out, and the bandwidth isn't higher between the actual points that need to be accessed. If AMD figured out how to make this actually work 100% worst case scenario for a central cache chip would be to use an equal amount of lanes, that would then still be shorter and possibly allow faster communication even without other design changes like async communication.
For gaming Nvidia absolutely does, they make smaller GPUs that match AMDs bigger ones, that offload the CPU more. The difference isn't huge, but it is part of the reason Nvidia has twice the profit margin AMD does, they basically sell a cheaper GPU for a bit more.


As a customer for instance the Rx 580 is a way better purchase than a GTX 1060 at MSRP IMO, but that's only because AMD sell it at way lower margins. On actual production cost Nvidia is still ahead in the console level GPU range.


The place where AMD is actually on par is on compute, but here Nvidia has managed to make the industry swoon over their tensor cores, that barely manage to beat the way more flexible Vega fp16 on a per mm² basis, and Nvidia has managed to lock in part of the industry to their proprietary CUDA ecosystem.


Vega+ will have scalable 64 bit FP, and that will make Vega more widely attractive, and 12 nm will help improve performance to be competitive against Tesla which is also 12 nm. But for gaming, Nvidia will be able to continue to make more money on similar performance/price cards for the near future, at least until AMD has 7 nm.
As it is now each die has a 4 way IF external connection, if they use the central cache chip, they can cut that to 1, and possibly double the speed because it will be "easier" to make 1 async connection than 4. If they then double the IF datawidth this could have 4 times faster IF!


That's of course completely hypothetical, but I will be surprised if AMD doesn't at least double the datarate of IF with Zen2.
Transitioning to 7 nm a 64 core will actually take up less die space than a 32 core on 14 nm. Amd is probably doing this to leverage their multi die advantage instead of going for cheaper production.
I was a bit meh when I first heard AMD was making these for embedded, embedded is a notoriously low margin segment dominated by chips that cost less than $10.


But these are actually pretty damned good, and obviously meant for higher end embedded products. These are definitely a result of the AMD focus Lisa Su has been a strong proponent for. Top notch products instead of cheap low margin alternatives.


Now all we need is the reveal of some major prestigious partnership, and AMD is ready to soar again IMO.
>First tier consoles doesn't need to be mobile.


Consoles don't need massive CPU power either, and Nvidia GPUs are better at offloading work from the CPU.


However I seriously doubt Microsoft and Sony will abandon AMD in favor of Nvidia, AMD is the more flexible partner that offer semi custom, AMD technologies are way more open allowing customers more control, and with Zen the CPU side is vastly improved to better match the cost efficiency of Arm, and it offers higher performance.


However Nvidia still has an advantage on the GPU side, which is the most important part a console. But even with better Arm parts, I don't think it outweighs the other factors, and Nvidia doesn't seem to intend to change either their pricing or the closedness of their technologies. Which basically makes partnerships similar to what AMD offers impossible.
With the current design L3 cache is split among 4 chips on Epyc, meaning each CPU needs infinity fabric lanes to the 3 other chips to access and create the shared L3 total cache. With a cache chip in the center, each chip only needs 1 infinity fabric channel to access the total L3 cache. The speed and latency will remain the same. The difference is even bigger with 2 socket Epyc systems, where the number of lanes can be cut to a fourth for similar speed, and it will remain a 2 step process to access the cache just like it is now.


However it will mean that Ryzen either won't have L3 cache at all, or would need a separate L3 cache chip too, or be a different design than Epyc. It will also mean Threadripper will have to be a 3 chip package instead of 2.


I must admit I like the elegance and flexibility of the current design, the central cache  seems a bit like reverting to the Pentium 2 days. But I'm sure that whatever AMD does, it's because they've done the math.
Crazy for god.
And we don't have a clue about Mueller's secret identity, it adds up. ;)
Absolutely, and I suspect most of the viewers believed it too.
That's almost 1½ year ago now, and Trump was already expressing delusions back then, for instance delusions of grandeur, he is very probably a lot worse now.
There's a difference between being misinformed "delusional" and delusional because you're mentally ill. Trump is literally mentally ill.
I absolutely agree, and I made almost the exact same point in another post. If he is convicted, he will probably feel it was on technicalities and the result of a witch-hunt.
>NPD it’s clear as rain 


Absolutely, and I've been around several diagnosed with it, but none that were quite as bad as Trump.


I like to stress the malignant and sociopathic part of it, because most people associate narcissism with merely being overly self absorbed, it's a lot worse than that.
Yes, and I too have considered wether that could be the motivation for Trump to act insane. But I seriously doubt that's the case, and much of what he has (probably) done is probably not insane in a respect that I think would qualify AFAIK.


But I'm no lawyer, and to Trump losing his dignity and wealth will be devastating jail or no jail.


I think he might rather want to go to jail with some dignity left than plead insanity.
He believes to receive messages from God, which might put him on a schizophrenic spectrum. He seemingly truly believes climate change isn't real, and he rolled back renewable energy in Indiana and made it a pro coal state. His policies on guns are outright insane, allowing firearms in schools, and using the NRA to officially train the Indiana National Guard.


His religiosity is so extreme he closed HIV prevention centers, and banned funding for them. He signed the "religious objections bill", that caused numerous companies to halt expansion and even leave Indiana. He also signed a law that prohibit abortion even in cases of fetus abnormality including for instance Down Syndrome. The law also requires miscarried fetuses and abortions to be buried or cremated! There was however an injunction and the bill was deemed likely unconstitutional.


He is probably bisexual, and believes homosexuality is a choice, and he probably believes that by virtue he will be rewarded eternal life by an all powerful god. This is indicated both by things he has said and the way he acts.


Pence may not be as much a sociopath as Trump is, but the difference may be academic, he is every bit as dangerous.
Yes he does that too, but that's not the most serious delusions he has.


He is probably outright delusional on the economy, and he is definitely delusional on his negotiation skills, he may be sociopathically lying on things like healthcare and climate change, and he is narcissistically delusional about his inauguration crowd. On Russia it may be a mix, that is turning ever more towards delusional denial of reality.


I wouldn't be surprised that if he is ever convicted of collusion and/or tax evasion and fraud, he will believe he is a mostly innocent political victim, who is judged on technicalities.
Trumps country? His heritage is merely one generation, and his wife and mother and father in law are immigrants that he now wants to make illegal.


Trump has the worst case of "I got mine mentality!" I've ever seen.
FOX news is the result of free speech without accountability. In every comparable democracy FOX news would be illegal.
I've been arguing Trump is delusional for more than ½ a year now. I suspected it strongly already during the campaign, but wasn't completely convinced until later, because it's pretty hard to distinguish the deeper delusions from the generally narcissistic and outright sociopathic lies.


But it has seemed pretty clear for a while now that Trump is probably seriously delusional beyond being a malignant narcissistic and sociopathic liar.


PS:


Mike Pence is too, which should be equally obvious.
Maybe more people are beginning to realize that NRA is a terrorist organization, and GOP is a party of traitors.
>I don't see how you can just step into the market like that.


You can't "just" step into it, it takes at least 3-5 years to design a competitive GPU. You need a lot of resources both in leading design engineers and access to the technologies,  it's both expensive and a very long term investment. But Intel has all the necessary resources and they can at least theoretically do it.
Ja det ved vi, og det er der ikke. Det er ren propaganda der er beregnet til at lefle for Kristne imod indvandring. Alle målinger viser at Danmark er i dag blandt de mindst religiøse lande i verden, indvandrere har langt højere gennemsnitlig religiøsitet, men afvejer ikke at den samlede religiøsitet er støt faldende.
Nazismen var dybt religiøst kristen. De brugte Kristne Lutherske skrifter til at forsvare jødeforfølgelsen og brugte slogans som "Gott mit uns" også på deres uniformer, og Hitler modellerede Nazi partiet med forbillede i den katolske kirke.


Kristendom er notorisk diskriminerende imod minoriteter, og blev brugt til at forsvare slaveri, og selv i dag fortsætter kristne med at diskriminere imod homoseksuelle.


USSR blev grundlæggende til et diktatur, så er det i og for sig ligegyldigt om de kalder det socialisme, totalitære styrer er sjældent gavnlige for befolkningen, og i den retning var Nazi Tyskland og USSR omtrent lige slemme.


Jeg aner ikke hvad det er for et parallel samfund du frygter, men det vil garanteret være bedre uden religion end med.
>I'm partly worried that he'll just support the Dems next time.


The difference is the Dems won't fall for it, they won't collude, and it won't buy him anything. It will be investigated fully by all agencies and not just a special council, and a Democratic president would retaliate properly.


Even if you can find a democratic candidate as corrupt as Trump, Democrats in congress wouldn't stand for it.


>And it's not like the dems are immune to corruption.


No but this isn't your average corruption scandal, this is treason territory, we know Trump and the GOP are routinely corrupt, the Democrats less so, what's surprising is that GOP support the treason part too, Democrats definitely won't.
There is no particular reason to sympathize with Melania, she's a gold digger, and she is exactly where she wants to be.


>Well, you certainly can't blame a wife for supporting her husband.  
Unless, of course, she's a Democrat, like Hillary Clinton.


Spot on.
Roughly with overlaps:


50's Rock Music  
60's Movies  
70's Comic books  
80's Television  
90's Computer games  


The only reason computer games still have the spotlight, is that they haven't found a new "thing" to replace it. Blaming it on social media doesn't seem to be catching on as well as previous attempts.


The Idiocy of false equivalences and jumping to conclusions without evidence is infinite.
No, GloFo has stated it is a 10% faster process than 14 nm LPP and 16 nm LP, with that it should be 3.9-4.0 turbo.
If this is true, it's better on IPC but less on clock than expected. Is XFR  at play here?


If this scales to 2600X it may pretty closely match the around 50% more expensive i7 8700K, and R7 2800X will take a clear total performance crown for standard non HEDT desktops with a decent margin.


It shall be interesting to see the final actual numbers of released products. ;)
AMD has been mostly irrelevant since Core2 was released in 2006, if we estimate most don't have much of a clue below the age of 10, that would make those who used Athlon/Phenom because it was actually a good option for gaming at 20 when Ryzen was released last year. I think that very definitely includes a lot of gamers.


But that may not be where the problem lies, because younger people are generally quick to adapt and adopt new competitive products. I think it's much more likely those above 30, who have gotten used to just picking Intel and Nvidia, and don't bother to check the facts, because they think they already know them, and are skeptic if they hear anything that contradicts their preconceptions.
>Out parents generation grew up with AMD and Intel.


Lol, some of us grew up without calculators.
>Zen 2 is probably going to be that game changer. 


Ryzen 7 was a game changer, delivering HEDT performance in the standard desktop price range, despite that there was near zero uptake from OEMs, Ryzen 1600 and 1600X was the darling of DIY builders for about ½ a year, and still extremely low OEM uptake! Even with Coffee Lake Ryzen remains a competitive alternative, and Coffee Lake wasn't widely available until 9 moths after Ryzen was released, and Ryzen availability has been very good throughout.


There is definitely something going on, that we can't just explain away with Intel is pretty good too.
Intel has managed to actually be about 1½ generation ahead for about a decade. But about 2 years ago Intel declared Moore's law dead, and now they stand to lose their production advantage. Whether the two are connected IDK, but it appears like it to me.


Intel has traditionally weathered storms of steep competition with their production advantage that yields better performance and lower power requirement, and even at lower cost both due to higher volume and density.


Intel couldn't beat Arm even with a production advantage, and had to scrap Atom after losing billions on it. Investing more for a decade each year than the entire Arm Holding revenue, without even putting a dent in Arms profitability or success.


It remains to be seen if TSMC, Samsung and Global Foundries actually manage to match Intel 10 nm with their 7 nm processes, but all indicators points to not only a match but an actual beat.


If Intel degrades to only the fourth best foundry, this could be a huge game changer. Specifically the Global Foundries is considered possibly the best among them, and with it AMD will for the first time AFAIK ever have the production advantage over Intel.


The current Ryzen/Threadripper/Epyc/RRi/Radeon are on Global Foundries 14 nm, which is about equivalent to 18-22 nm in Intel terms, meaning AMD is currently about ½-1 generation behind. Which makes the strong performance competition of Ryzen to Core way more impressive than most realize. Even the 12 nm isn't quite up there with current Intel 14 nm, on the production process.


With 7 nm AMD will have both the improved Zen2 architecture AND production equality, possibly even a slight advantage. If Ryzen didn't cause a bit of a panic at Intel last year, this definitely should. Not only for Intel Core based products, but their plans in other segments like AI could be seriously hit by it too.


Provided Epyc scales slowly as usual for AMD, Intel will probably do mostly fine this year, but 2019 looks like a nightmare, where Intel may lose more than ever to Arm, AMD and Nvidia on everything processing, and Samsung et al on storage.


But Intel is a huge company, and they are guaranteed to be working on several contingency plans simultaneously, and they have more resources than any of their competitors, so they might be able to manage despite the odds seems to be against them currently.
Trump is doing worse than nothing, when he is opposing even congress bipartisan decided sanctions against Russia.
Yes, Mitch McConnell accused Obama for partisanship on the matter, and now we know Russians also used NRA, and we can only speculate how deep Mitch McConnell is in with NRA, but this might give a hint.


https://www.newyorker.com/news/john-cassidy/mitch-mcconnells-n-r-a-moment


Mitch McConnell has defended suspiciously adamantly against the Russia investigation, he is complicit in obstruction maybe even treason.
Yes, Mitch McConnell basically blamed Obama for partisanship on the matter, and now we know Russians also used NRA, and we can only speculate how deep he is in with NRA, but this might give a hint.


https://www.newyorker.com/news/john-cassidy/mitch-mcconnells-n-r-a-moment


Mitch McConnell has defended suspiciously adamantly against the Russia investigation, he is complicit in obstruction maybe even treason.
> Murdoch will only entertain his tin foil hat bullshit as long as it's making him money.


No, you are completely disregarding that Murdoch created FOX because of Watergate and his support of Nixon, Murdoch is decidedly pushing a specific political agenda, and FOX was created exactly to prevent a reoccurrence of Watergate, and it has already worked brilliantly with both Reagan and Bush, and now they are doing it for Trump.


The only difference is that Trump is on a whole new level of crazy, and not as easily defended, making FOX look crazier than ever too.
Olympiade er perioden på fire år imellem olympiske lege. så hvilken firårige periode er det eksakt du mener?


https://da.wikipedia.org/wiki/Olympiade
What the fuck are you talking about? There is absolutely no equal access to American defense contracts, and despite smaller budgets in Europe, I bet we buy more from USA than the other way around. We freaking even buy the lousy overly expensive American F35!
It's not so people can have those things, it's so mega corps can make more money.
I'm sure if Branson has something to contribute, Elon Muisk will welcome it, to further technology and humanity.
>Instead insisting that the special counsel’s investigation proceed unimpeded.


Is not silence, and I'm sure Sanders will comment more on all this soon enough.
Because he's bisexual, and needs to resist temptation, delusionally believing he will be granted an afterlife of immortality as a reward, for equally delusionally believing he is preventing immorality, despite the fact that sexuality demonstrably has exactly zero bearing on morality.
This is nonsense, an it's is a false equivalence, Sanders has claimed all the time that Russia interfered, and he hasn't attempted to tone it down or tried to delegitimize or prevent the investigation, and there are no indication that Sanders colluded.


His criticisms of Trump for his actions and lack of them regarding the election interference have merely been shown obviously valid now, 


So what would people have Sanders say? That the fact that Russia aided him too, should in any way change his view on the investigation? Or change his view that this interference is wrong? Or change his view that similar interference in future elections must be prevented?


>instead insisting that the special counsel’s investigation proceed unimpeded.


This is perfectly consistent with what he has been saying all along.
>you're just putting your head in the sand. 


No, you are. When you cut medicare to children to cut taxes for the rich, we are beyond reasonable doubt. It's decidedly sociopathic. The line is consistent, and the evidence is against Republicans, tax cuts for the rich and cutting social programs has no evidence for stimulating the economy, which is the argument they use.


Republicans are disconnected from reality in a sociopathic pursuit of a delusion. The only way you can't see that is if you are either brainwashed or a sociopath yourself.
I agree, I bet a lot of the voters are actually nice people, who think they vote for the lesser evil. But damn you have to be brainwashed to not see how bad republicans are.
Republicans are basically sociopaths, there is no other way I can see to explain their complete disregard for the welfare of the people, ranging from gun law, health care, EPA, and tax regulation. It's all based in a sociopathic mindset that prioritize ideology over real harm to real people.
He sure acts like one, the rest is academic.
>But they he just reverts back to the free market will fix that rhetoric.


Unregulated free markets mostly benefit cheaters. The theoretical perfect free market only works with theoretical perfect information. Perfect information is impossible, and numerous studies have shown that to be true especially in unregulated markets.
Lots of good people are somewhat delusional. But they would generally be even better if they weren't. Christianity is probably a prime example.
You mean we are hurt by the exceptions? I think we probably are by not being part of the Euro, which we follow anyway. Allegedly it means we have to have slightly higher interest rates, which is bad for investment and employment. But at least we are not really worse off than before Maastricht, where we followed the Deutche Mark. Most of the other parts we kind of participate in, we just don't have a say on deciding anything.


It's not too bad IMO, and if it keeps enough skeptics happy, it's way better than if we had to leave.
And as a bonus get rid of Putin too.
>This is quite a digression from a stock thread


Absolutely, but it's so far down the thread, and in a conversation that drifted, so I don't see why that should be a problem, why did you even read this far? And why do you bother getting involved?
How come then, that these kinds of posts are always without fail from USA? As far as I can figure, it was even dd on the east coat at the time of posting, and by Nasdaq time too, and it was around the time stock exchanges in Europe open.


It's not just here on r/amd, it's on all of reddit. You never (or at least very rarely) see people from other countries assuming the world revolve around their country. It's an American mindset, illustrated by for instance "World championships" that are in fact national.


When it's true it isn't bigotry.
What he is really thinking:  
Snowflake un-American girl cries with tears rolling down her cheeks over our constitutionally guaranteed **American freedom**. What a loser, sad, she should grow up, and learn to protect herself.
>we continue to outspend China by a 3-to-1 margin.


Are you sure that's true on PPP too? Even if it's true, it's probably pretty futile, if there actually was a war with China it would be very devastating for both, and China would probably be able to scale their military much more and faster than USA, maybe even including NATO allies.


Seems to me China now has the leading industrial apparatus, which used to be USA by a huge margin in WW2.


Between USA and China, militaries can only serve as deterrents, actual full blown use of them would be disastrous.
> At the end of this quarter we'll get guidance for the seasonally strong Q3


I think you mean Q2, which isn't as strong as Q3, but seasonally still way better than Q1.