I don't have much experience, new to DE razors, but the handle is pretty weighty and feel nice in the hand; the head is okay, definitely more study than the VDH butterfly razor. It feels definitively worth the $20 price tag.

For a bowl, I use a short used candle glass, cleaned of course; its preforms well enough for now.
It was my gateway, never really knew much about DE shaving until I saw one and tried shaving with it (with the internet as my guide). I was at target and compared it to buying more cartridges and it seemed worth it.

Van Der Hagen isn't bad at all compared to cartridges and I just handed it down to my wife for her legs. The blades are okay, blown away by the Astra blades I bought though.
My in laws also get it on their smart tv or whatever they have.
In what world does that look like a 180?
Pretty much just there to up sell gas, also seen it in Colorado although they are a few thousand feet higher. 
Out in Utah, shitty 85 octane is $3.05 while 87 is $3.15.
r/tailplugs nsfw
No it does not, it has 305hp out of an old ass engine that fans have been wanted them to update. 290 torque and 305 horsepower. Also about 300lbs heavier than the TR.
However according to this [article](https://www.google.com/amp/s/jalopnik.com/by-the-numbers-2017-honda-civic-type-r-vs-focus-rs-wr-1796140398/amp) Civic TR has higher top speed, comparable HP and TQ, a lower drag coefficient, about 3lbs lighter, wider wheels for grip, and much better fuel economy than the STi. All the STi has on the Type R is AWD and acceleration which it loses to RS.
Type R is pretty legit & Subaru’s great but the STi has lost the lead they had. And the ST is no more legit than a Civic Si.
Yup, it’s Skilcraft which their products are made by the National Industries for the Blind. The paper that wraps the rolls also says made by the blind.
Came from KY to UT and had to be educated on Safety and Emissions (luckily they axed Safety this year and people are set on axing Emissions).
Is that city ordinance or HoA fuckery? Coworker of mine lived around San Bernardino and had his Miata street parked for a while.
That shits the worst. It’ll leave your asshole literally butthurt, tears under little pressure, and I don’t give a damn that it’s made by the blind.
I’ve also heard from non-car enthusiast coworkers that they’d never own *insert any large vehicle* because of the size. There’s still a portion of the common buyer, normally on the small/short side, that don’t want a 2 ton minivan in disguise and just want something small and easy to park.
Same here or twisted 24. It seems to vape smoother than straight round wire.
Larger wire (20-22g) has a longer smoother ramp up but is a bit harder to manipulate for coil wrapping. Personally I find it makes a cooler temperature vape which allows me to hit longer (more clouds). 

Smaller gauges such 26-28g ramp up fast and hot, easier to work with. Recommend twisting 26 or 28 gauge if you do go that small, it increases your surface area like a Clapton while lowering your resistance, like a bigger gauge.
On I-15 most of the vehicles wrecked I’ve seen are big ass trucks and SUVs that seem to think snow is nothing.
[Agent Orange](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agent_Orange)

Vietnam War 1961-1971
Got rear ended in stop in go traffic outside of SLC; an elderly man in a Chevy Trailblazer didn’t see the line of stopped traffic (that I was at the end of in my ‘11 Charger) and rearended me with my toddler son in the backseat.

Crumpled the bumper, trunk wouldn’t close, and shifted the exhaust pipes under the car, insurance wouldn’t give a loaner until the car went into the shop (about 2 weeks). Ended up totaled because of a bent frame, making about $2-3k out of it (bought it for cheaper than it was worth only a few months prior).

No one was hurt and my son was just a little startled.
I guess so. Is this a truck wheel from the amount of lugs?
Judging on the bolts, this is on the inside, most just fill their tires up and don’t check on the inside of the wheel.
R&D for what? Yet another narcotic because their last one got bad publicity? Also 1/3rd of biomedical R&D is federally funded, so we’re bother paying through insurance and taxes.
It was almost a culture shock moving out of Kentucky to Utah, I was used to the being so many obese people around to them being semi rare.
Some people just get bored being retired, so sweeping floors or being a Walmart greeter helps the days pass.
For first gear, double clutch or shift into 2nd then 1st. Sometimes the safety gate for 1st gets stuck and won’t open.

Is the disconnect issue in the clutch or shifter?
Not OP but my wife has her 08 GT and it’s an okay shifting experience. Not much room for heel toe, shifter is a bit looser than other manuals I’ve driven, and 5th gear shift fork got fucked around the 180k mark.

Just treat the transmission nicely and don’t beat on it too hard (the weeks prior to the shift fork dying we we’re off-roading on gravel roads, but the shift fork died on a nice shift).
This what I’ve found. The one in OP’s picture resembles the aftermarket badge. [Kia Badge Article](http://thenewswheel.com/behind-badge-kias-korean-logo-so-much-cooler/)
The OG meme was a fake post straight from the right but I guess some people thought it was a good idea. 
It’s a popular unofficial Kia badge. Pretty common on eBay. Looks better than KIA.
Bug Zappers. Keep flies away from food.
Yeah it’s great, loves cars (although not to the same degree). I’m just trying to keep her from stancing it (she’s more form over function). It’s gonna possibly going to get a cat back and when we can afford it, headers and a supercharger.
I’m not surprised, my wife’s Mazda is nearing 200k and only major problem we’ve had is a bent shift fork for 5th & Reverse.
It’s nice, normal Honda being torqueless below 4k rpm.

Handles nicely, going to compare it to my wife’s Mazda in a week (suspension is worn out so we’re awaiting coilovers).

6 speed is really close, 3rd gear to hit 60 and on the highway in 6th is hovering 3.5 to 4k.

Clutch is very light, will definitely need to adjust if coming from an older manual.

Body panels and interior seem very solid, only one issue with a weather strip not fully clipped in.

Fuel economy is great, if about 45 to 55mph 6th fear will get you 45+ mpg. However ripping through gears in town you’ll drop to 25 to 30mpg. Back roads is closer to 20..
I have the same issue, even more so when I go back to my parents in the country; winding empty backroads with no cops kills my fuel economy, just sticking in VTEC. A tank of gas every 2-3 days.
Just shit coils. Dealt with buying Smok coils weekly for almost a year before swearing it off and went back to rebuildable.
Could be Siri, I know I can use my wife’s phone to call mine when it goes missing without unlocking. Just ask Siri to read messages or send a message.

Also CarPlay doesn’t require a password either and will break it down by contacts.
You can find yellow headlight vinyl, normally used to give that euro look but it’ll warm up the lights.

Edit: [Amazon Link](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B008BLFHS0/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_vOMHAb0C7ZGRN)
I wish my dog was so relaxed in my car. He instead sits on my wife’s legs which got old on a long trip.
The Fit Sport is pretty fun, doesn’t have Honda Sense but has fog lights, alloy wheels, CarPlay/Android Auto, and interior trim. Not much torque or aftermarket but it’s zippy.
It’s cubbier than an old Civic hatch but doesn’t weigh to much more. Curb weight of about 2500lb versus 2100-2400lb. GK5 (current generation) is lighter than GE8 (last generation) though.
Can’t speak for Android, but iOS supports using the lock/wake button as an end call button. Can’t recall if it’s in the accessibility setting or not.
Awesome, haven’t found a FB yet but My son and I picked up a FD die cast from Target the other day.

https://i.imgur.com/sSIlaUh.jpg
Yoga ain’t that easy. Yes some of it is light exercise and is like stretching but holding a pose isn’t easier than say planks or pushups. You can build muscle mass doing yoga.
Last I checked it was on sale on PSN and I believe Origin for $30. But otherwise I personally believe 2015 was better, more tuner-like and less supercars.
Fuck that guy. Autism isn’t an excuse to whatever the hell you want.
My issue in High School and Middle was that we had limited usage. Like 15 passes a semester. 4 minutes to goto the restroom then get to class or we’d use one of our passes.
r/PrequelMemes 
Try r/FT86. More active.
Yeah, thought this was on r/ATBGE until I read the comments.
Muscle VS Tuner doesn’t anymore, Ryan (tuner) split from the channel.
Can’t speak for the 649th.

Alcohol is light beer (3%) off base or liquor at the heavily taxes state liquor stores; on base it’s cheaper and full alcohol. Nightlife is in Ogden (right above base) and SLC (about 20-30mins south).

Weather is so and so. Winter is a no go, too icy and cold; spring and fall have sporadic rain; Summer is dry as a bone. Word of caution, Utahns cannot drive to save their life or others. Consider needing extra awareness when riding (compared to riding elsewhere).
Depends on the squadron. Also if you drink, buy on base. If you smoke, expect to pay a lot of tax.

Outdoors is great, lots of mountain trails within 15 minutes. Skiing and snowboarding is easily accessible.

Smog is terrible however; some people have actually developed asthma and pneumonia here from it. PT tests are either outside in the smog or inside of a pressurized bubble that also has terrible sweaty air.

3/10.
Press F to Pay Respects..
They share the same characters for numbers traditionally.
Often used iOS apps on first page in one row; second page has folders and often used apps in 2 rows; task bar has Music, Calls/Contacts, Texts, and web.

https://imgur.com/a/HD6tT/
Some do some don’t. Being in a squadron full of old shit 1/2 of ours has winches.
Not even an official FF game, they just bought the rights to use FF property in a mobile game.
They bought the license from SE to use FF XV in their shit games. Legal but scummy as hell.
They only share a bathroom and it was late night/early morning; so he probably didn’t hear anything. Buddy of mine just got off swings and heard the commotion from down the hall.
Yeah, robbed a credit union down the road from the South Gate. Was a SF Airman. Got raided in the dorms in the middle of the night.
I would love an SE sized X.
r/incels
I hate this little fuck so much I almost downvoted out of instinct.
Looks clean man! The only first gen I’ve seen around is a 83 with rust and won’t start.
I know that at T-Mobile you can. Paid a down payment on my wife’s 7 Plus with Apple Pay via my SE. Was also able to pay over $100 at my local USAF Commissary.
Your example was a ridiculous and misinformed example. Defend country, yes. Commit war crimes, no.

Don’t use misinformation to support your argument.
Really? 18yo is hardly likely to goto a combat zone, much less see actual combat. Between time taken to join, Basic Training, AIT, and arriving to your unit you will almost never see a 18 year old in combat. Maybe 19 but unlikely.

I may be a bleeding liberal but I know we don’t order soldiers to torch villages. Those are war crimes, which is a career ender. You don’t shoot for head, you shoot for center mass.

You don’t know shit about the military, so shut your trap.
Yes technically. However if you fuck up bad enough, like full hard brick, you could get away with it at a phone store. Verizon replaced my S3 no questions after a hard brick back in 2013.
Not a shill but if you’re on iOS try Apollo. Absolutely stellar, with very few bugs.
Wooooosssshhhh
In real life you can have different ‘shots’ of nitrous, similar to different size injectors, as well as different size bottles or more than 1 bottle. It may not be on the fly but you can ‘adjust’ Nos IRL.
Naw man, Firehouse is better than both of those.
They cater to a slightly classier demographic: more organics, classier furniture, more expensive, etc.

Not quite a leap but Target tends to be classier (unless it’s a neighborhood Walmart, those bitches are classy).
Reeeeeeepost
Look for General Swedish Snus. Can find it in some gas stations.
Not to be that guy but Swedish Snus is shown to not be a risk factor for gestational and oral cancer. Swedish snus is steam cured as opposed to American snus and dip.

Here’s a WHO link to the topic:  http://www.who.int/tobacco/framework/public_hearings/swedish_match_ab.pdf
My cuboid wants a word with your cuboid. Worst mod I’ve ever had from Joytech. My Evic Mini may not have had the power or life but the reliability and being able to actually detect the atomizer is nice.
Why isn’t that real??
Krave was like crack. Ate it for that small amount of chocolate filling.. every meal.
What would be great is applying the X treatment to the SE, same size body as the SE with only the notch bezel on the front. Small form factor with a larger screen.
It doesn’t work well if both host and client are on 5Ghz WiFi however if the host is hardwired it’ll be playable.
Your alignment can be out of wack for instance if you hit a large pothole or bash a curb. So your wheels won’t be straight.

Take your car to the shop and they can fix your alignment, you’ll make your alignment cost back by not having to buy new tires constantly.
I’d say it’s used far more than L3 and R3. Selects mostly been moved to the touchpad click.
The bubble? It’s 15.37ish laps now. Terrible because it seems like there’s no straightaways and always turning. Outside though it nice.
My shop has about 12 computers for 60+ airmen; about 4 are reserved for NCOs and NCOIC. Computers are scarce man..
Yeah, he’s toned down a lot compared to the stereotype. Mostly goofy and does a lot of charity livestreams.
Don’t be a dick.
Still doesn’t change that it has the 4G63 engine; used up until the Evo X.
Warning, the open grills are incompatible with I believe 07-09 GTs, it’s a one piece bumper cover instead of separate.
He misspelled the url: it’s carid.com. He added a d between car and id.

CarID has a varied selection but if you find something crossmatch with Amazon or another site, good for finding parts but cost is a bit higher.
Unfortunately Euro only. Japan and Europe always gets the cool cars..
Really? Toyota has a massive plant in Kentucky, manufacturing all USDM Camrys outside of the initial thousand or so (due to production issues). They’re partnering up with Mazda to bring thousands of new jobs to the South with a new plant in 2021.

Anymore Toyota is more American than your Mexican Chevy or your Canadian Dodge.
Pretty sure Bernie endured heat from both Hillary and the Right. Even after the primaries and the election.
I have the 2018 Fit Sport, it’s pretty fun. There’s times that you need to drop a few gears to get up a steep incline but the 6 speed is tight and not sloppy, seemingly handles better than other FWD cars I’ve driven, and feels all around solid for a economy hatch.

Headlights are a bit dim but I’ve been coddled by HIDs for a while, infotainment isn’t garbage like some *cough* Uconnect *cough*.

Edit: also revs up to about 6.6k. Not quite 7 but not bad, I believe Vtec starts in the 4-5k range.
It’s on MCMTV2: https://youtu.be/EZF6iT_X8Rk
Depends. Just my experience being in a 60+ man shop (manning docs are fucked), only 2 regularly dip, and about 1/3 smoke/vape.
Damn, had to do a double take. Very close to my 180sx in game.
My Mazda doesn't leak either. But Volkswagen gonna Volkswagen.
I do. Wife cut her hair too short to need one so I snatched it to add to the garage tools for things that don't quite need a heat gun.
Exhaust might make a little bit of a difference. Mostly noise. Also won't make as much without also throwing in headers. There just isn't much to squeeze out of a 1.8l NA engine. As for oil, I wouldn't know. At that mileage high mileage synthetic would be good.
Honestly it won't do much at all, the point of a CAI is to reduce possible restrictions of your intake. Your engine is so small that you won't see any gains at all, perhaps even lose power on the high end.

Just keep up on your preventative maintenance  and it'll keep putting along.
The only way they wouldn't lose anything is if they are incredibly tiny. For instance my wife is 123lb 4"10'. Her maintaining intake is ~1450 kcals. But most of these people are at least 5" and over 150lbs.
The new chargers you can't just rip out the infotainment system, climate controls and vehicle settings are embedded into UConnect. You can add an aftermarket but you have to retain the UConnect as well.
Tip, shop around. If you can find one at MSRP 150 miles away it's worth it compared to what may be local. My local Subaru dealership has about 3-4K markups.

As for the graduates I believe they do, I was asked when I was checking out the new WRX.
Clippers are awesome, bottom is round to pack a pipe or bowl, removable and replaceable flint, and refillable.
It would be interesting to see the breakdown of that 3%. I'd imagine Japanese cars and American muscle would make up a majority of that 3%.
I either vape it forward or if it's something quality I'll go back to it, recently went back to my 2yo Vtech mini from an Fuchai 215w and appreciate the lower wattage and smaller size.
My 2yo did the same thing tripping over an HDMI (we have an old PS3 setup to play his toddler shows); ripped the hdmi cable and pins out. Shut down the TV and pulled the housing out the port. Thankfully the port wasn't damaged.
It's pretty cheap at $20 and customization is pretty okay (much better than Rivals).

Online only is for the login, after that you can play alone and/or disconnect from internet. Handling is meh but better than Rivals. And it's about as open world as Rivals, pretty sizable and while Rivals had some off-roady parts, 2015 has parking lots and grass.

Can't speak for Crew as I haven't played it but compared to Rivals, 2015 isn't bad for the price point.
It crashed mine.
North Utah? We got rain too. BTW nice gen 3.
Yeah, I'm sure they're all within a 1mi stretch too.
I'm glad my coworkers that smoke have either converted or are hybrid moving towards full vaping. Although we don't judge someone either way because we all got to foto the same smoke pit.
Trashy and sad. I can imagine how scared they probably are losing the baby, so much they kidnapped it.
Not an expert but 3 point allows a little movement and your chest moves with your head. 5-6point keeps everything rigid except your neck and head.

And I'd love a roll cage built into road cars, even if covered up by the pillars and headliner.
Because race cars have roll cages which your head may bash into. In addition your 5 or 6 point harness doesn't prevent whiplash like a 3 point can (depending on speed) so a helmet will save your neck in event of a crash.
In the US there is no federal nor state law the prohibits barefoot driving; just an old myth. Some states mandate footwear on motorcycles however.
Maita's don't use rotary engines. They use 4bangers. RX7 and RX8 use rotary engines which if taken care of the seals won't be an issue.
My local area runs 90s Miatas in good shape for about 2-3k so KBB.
I'm sorry some of us have baby hands, you handiest /s

But TBH if you have smaller hands it'll be awkward. I had issues with any phone bigger than an SE.
I wear steel toes (issued Belleville boots at that) working 9s and honestly they're significantly more comfortable than dress shoes. Gives good support around the ankles.
Utah.. Why am I not suprised?
Absolutely beautiful.
Just run the VIN through a decoder.
Looks like an older Subaru Outback or Impreza Outback.
Did, FWD can at least do some reverse donuts. Also Scandinavian flicks on a pretty abandoned road.
How'd they install it? I've seen the knobs that have the side screws but this doesn't seem like it'd work.
Mazda 3 GS?
Hell, I'm enlisted and try to avoid bringing an backpack like that anywhere but hiking/camping. Go bags a sage duffle.
We have some that are: such as having an altar to politics that's ready to fly off.
What about Damnit Donald?
Engine swap to one of those fancy all-electric Tesla engines, heard they're loud AF /s
Air Force but close enough, now time to go back to my air conditioning :p
Not with that attitude you can't
Have a 4g Eclipse as well and people ask if it's fast (because of F&F although different gen) and I have explain how slow mine is.
How much did it cost overall to wrap all of it?

Edit: nevermind, saw your other comment
Looks clean, but does it stay clean? Does the vinyl wrap show dirt more than say the gloss paint?
2000 Hyundai Elantra AT. Got me to and from school with okay mileage.
Op already stated that he got a much better deal on the XV vs the Impreza he was looking at.
Then you select Like New, as in opened box, never been used, may not contain all original documentation. Not Brand New as in never opened.
Pictured: Walmart flip wallet
Gerber folding knife
Gerber multitool
Vape (Smok V8 and Fuchai 215)
Keys (Mazda 3 and house/mail)

Not pictured: Phone (HTC M9)
I wouldn't recommend it at all. Unless your parents cosign for it or buy it for you I doubt you'll even get approved for anything over 6k. I'm 20 with an okay income and okay credit and my two cars loans combined are 12k and I barely was able to afford those.

In addition, gas for a charger is expensive (premium and a gas guzzler); first cars normally are crashed, no offense I totaled my first car too; and at 13k that Charger will be hitting that high mileage figure requiring babying.
Mouth swabbing can be used to get a smaller window of 12 to 24 hours (close to alcohol's no drinking 12 hours before shift) and will more development should be able to at least make the call whether it was in that 12 hr alcohol window.
Got an 08 Mazda 3, surprised by the quality of the interior compared to other cars I've owned including a 2011 charger. No rattle unless the speakers are turned up too loud.
Yeah, nuclear scientist.
You're right, I ment Virginia. My bad.
I believe it also depends on the state, for instance Iowa and Vermont felons and ex-felons never regain voting rights.

Edit: Vermont doesn't lose rights but Virginia does.
If you take 2903 literally, it only prohibits when walking (just like eating, drinking, smoking, etc). However it doesn't stop a Sgt from saying otherwise.
On Facebook under the language selection you can select Pirate
I drove a 2015 as a rental when my late Charger got totalled and it seemed so sluggish. With Utah's terrible drivers I felt like I was going to die.

Even my Eclipse GS seems faster.
If you use a spray gun with the liquid plastidip it will come out nice. The spray can type won't be as even when coating.
If you want shitty fuel economy for those 200 horses sure. Not sure about the 5s but the RX-8 line has a unique yet inefficient Wenkel engine. My Dodge gets the same economy with almost twice the power.

But yes, less stereotypical for vapers. Although one could be self deprecating and go full stereotype. Rice that Subaru out while you're at it.
Depends on what you're coming from. I went from an 08 Ford Escape to 11 Charger, so I didn't really notice the MPG cost but if you're coming from like a 30-35mpg car then it'll hurt your pocket as a daily driver.

I spend about 35$ a week going 20-30 5 days a week.
8k even without repair costs is too much for what's likely a salvage title. Plus think of all the other parts that could be near the end of their life outside that new engine.
Isn't the 606th moving to Italy? I heard that through the rumour mill.
From what I understand (by no means a lawyer so I'm probably wrong) creating backups of a game isn't illegal, however most console creators make you break the law in order to create those lawful backups.

So they're legal but have no legal method of attaining.
How do you think Roms and Bios are made? They're ripped from the physical counterpart. Hell, for PS2 I just need a game disc and a tool to rip the bios.
A little dirty and still working on it but my 2011 Charger http://imgur.com/fxC3iPv
Yeah, and surprisingly fast for Hawaii to Mainland shipping.
Could very well just be a joke drawn by someone at the wedding. When a buddy of mine got married we filled his entire car with balloons and drew on the windows. Also the cans to the bumper too.
I'd mix it more then I do now. Currently I'll roll if I'm going out to a field exercise and don't want to lug around a heavy mod and juice around setting up tents or land navigating.

If it was 100% safe I'd probably smoke at work and vape at home.
Unless you're outside working in the heat, then we all bitch. I dread the beginning of my shift (work swings) because Utah heat is nasty.
Just as I got enough candies to evolve mine, I subconsciously transfered my pigdeotto..
Cleaning the 510 with a q-tip daily has kept it going till yesterday.. I'll try it with some ISO though. And it had issues with even some of my smaller 510 attys, like my fishbone.

But I'll try that with ISO, thanks.

Edit: Didn't work,still "Atomizer Short"
My toddler is 25lb at a year and half. I'd hate to see how fat that poor baby is..
I agree however even then, app devs incorporate backwards compatibility with Android while old gadgets haven't been touched in several years.
Widgets on an Android phone is completely different then a Windows Gadget. Android is based on Linux and are normally kept up to date. Gadgets have been gone and outdated for the last few versions of Windows and are on a less secure version of a not too secure OS.
If I'm not using a leaky RDA like the Haze, I'll just close off the airflow so it could only leak out the drip tip.
I believe it was 3 to Aviano, 4 to Croughton, and 1 to Rammstein
I thought it was the Illuminati?
Do you have a link for Military living at an assignment outside KY who is still a KY resident?
I played thief. The controls weren't clear so I never made it far
As a lefty I can see why, prop your head up on your hand with your elbow on the right-handed side and write with the other. Right-handed desks were also the best for sleeping too.
Nah, no swag came with it sadly.
Awesome, thats a fuckload of storage. I only have a 5gb HDD for a NAS, 250gb Intel SSD, and a 3tb HDD.
Cherry MX Browns
How's the Blackwidow? I believe I saw the mechanical kaihl switch version at Bestbuy (was hunting for a DP cable) and it seemed okay switch-wise.
How so?
The RGB does, mine didn't (I also avoided buying one with it, not a fan)
I already do, thanks :)
Yeah it did, wasn't gonna even attempt to install the 4790k before heading back.
It feels heavenly coming from a wireless membrane keyboard, my wife loves her RGB version as well. I have the MX Browns, she has MX Reds.
I considered it, too bad I probably wouldn't be allowed to plug it into the military computers.
Goto Nvidia's website and install the current drivers.
Nah, don't be that dirtbag airman
Used it during tech training before tests (same as the caffeine pills everyone was taking plus some vitamins and such) and passed 2 piss tests.
Don't run a Ti coil in power mode. Only use Ni for Ni and Ti for Ti. Power is for kanthal coils.
What do you think people are buying for their consoles? They're buying TVs that at are 1080p standard. As for that gaming right out of the box, updates for the OS and whatever game you got in a bundle will take time. Updates ranging from half an hour to multiple hours.
Go into your TV's settings and find game mode. Sometimes its only enabled on certain ports so check the manual as well.
5642

And a potatobox720 obviously.
2555 don't got no nudes though 
If Mac OS has an onscreen keyboard like Windows does then try to use that to login.
If you ever to move to PC, try out the Steam Controller (49.99). It's about midway in size between my PS4 controller and my Xbox 360 controller, the touchpad on the right is sensitive enough to compete against M+KB, and can be used in a living room function a little more convenient then M+KB.

However it does have quirks. Windows dialogs (like UAC or Services), scrolling through webpages at times can be a chore, and doesn't like to cooperate without Steam running.
Unless you're at the games cap (50 for Rebirth)
Wood > Floors
Goto a field, not a story related field, and don't enter battle for 5 mins. He has a spawn timer that resets when you enter battle. The menu, map, etc will pause the timer.

Good luck, he's not an easy fight.

Edit: or if you have the moonlight key word (I don't remember which game it drops).
Mouse pads work well for stuck tanks.
You'd think that but my lil boy (about 9months) will try taking habanero doritos and siracha covered pizza when I'm not paying attention and doesn't mind the spice. Not that it's good for him, just not all babies prefer bland crap.
My wife would love this, shes been envious of my vtc mini.
Nah man, vape shops are different then headshops. Some headshops do carry some of the crappy low power ecig devices, primary with orb style atomizers for wax. Look up vape shops in your area and you should get results. I found that vape shops often are reviewed on google and yelp. Good luck.
They aren't selling it, they reviewed the product and extra was vaped forward. The profit part of selling is the issue.
As far as I remember it was a ding noise. Like 04-05.
And thats like nicotine gone peppery
This gallery was a mix of ooohs, ews, and dear gods...
Down here in Mississippi they got sweet tea amongst the soda at the fountains.
A SSgt in my tech school class spent 6 in the Marines, 2 in the Army, then join the Air Force. No Navy yet.
How did you open the bbq lighter? I'm trying to open a bic lighter and no dice.
I'd like to enter :D
The lemonade vitamin water however actually doesn't have any sugar
After a supervisor at work was giving us life advice, expecially about sugar intake I looked at how much sugar I was intaking daily. I use Soylent to substitute breakfast which is a modest 11g per 500 kCal but I cut ecerything else out.
Sorry about not replying to everyone's comments. Work's been very busy.
Wow, the Yaks over here at Keesler AFB would have a field day with this fatty. Very pro-shitlord enviroment here.
You can use your debit or credit card through paypal, a little extra layer of buyer protection.
My most recent shipment of soylent came in about 3-4 days. Ordered April 21st in the evening, shipped 22nd, and arrived 25th.
I find if you're making togo servings a small "blender cup" is awesome. Also try cocoa powder added in. Its great
I find 1.4 Soylent to taste like... Oatmeal.
Brick & Mortar (a physical store)
Only thing is caffeine pills taste terrible...
Ratemyserver.net
Damn, this as ridiculous as MMYV (Marijuana Makes You Violent) over on /r/trees except these people seem legit and not some parody..
Definitely oregano. I wouldn't smoke it.
Metric fucktons of money won't affect whether or not we have to go outside (smokers have shown that). However if we act like self-entitled shits blowing cloud where they aren't wanted, we'll establish a negative viewpoint of us.

Remember the stereotype of a smoker blowing smoke in peoples faces? Well fogging up a bar or restaurant is the vaper form of that.
There's negative people who downvote everything. Seems like Trees hes them too.
Thanks, I'll probably do that after I get back from BMT (leaving in a few days and I'll use a different battery till then)
Uhm I don't know if its the camera or what but they're clean. I wash my hands often and scrape the dirt and debris out at least daily. As for length, they don't even go a mm away from my fingertip. Just enough where I'm not exposing skin.
No, only about a .24 subohm on 30 amp batteries. Shouldn't be low enough.
I had been having issues with my mech mod not firing so I did everything (charging fresh, cleaning threads, etc) and still had issues firing. Well then I notice the battery's wrap at the negative end is... Kinda undone. Not torn or anything. Just seems stretched out. Would a few seconds with a blow dryer or a lighter at a distance loosen up the wrap to fix it?
A while back someone posted a joint of cookie edibles.
I might have to do this. My experience with nicotine (outside of trying dip once) has always been a depressant rather then stimulant. Even when I smoked, it made me tired.
Oil probably wouldn't get hot enough. You'd have to brew THC eliquid. [Try here]( http://vaporblog.org/blog/guides/stealth-vaping-with-diy-cannabis-e-liquid/)
I would challenge [ ] to be exposed to erotic images. First one to nosebleed loses. I'm sure Sora would briefly ignore Shiro's input in a moment of thoughtlessness due to his perverse nature. And as he often has nosebleeds in the anime, I'd have the upper hand.
I don't hate the smell of cigarette smoke, mainly because it also has such a nostalgic scent to me. Growing up I smelt smoke all the time.
Malibu sounds tasty, if I win can I get 0mg please?
D.C. doesn't have state powers unlike CO and WA, they're under the authority and thumb of the national government.
I'm sure I'd quit smoking when weed is federally legal (gov job and random drug testing kinda sucks).
The efest purple 30As are 20amp continuous, so they should be good for safely using .3 ohm and higher builds.
What about lighters? More smokers I know use lighters over matches. I'm sure blu lighters would be more effective (just thinking of ways to promote ecigs to smokers).
Bamboo Mod :D
If he's joining the military as long as he's honest about a drug history he can get waivers to allow access despite drugs. However if he hides it, the military can charge him with fraudulent enlistment.
Hell, in my area easiest way to score drugs is ask teens. Almost every group from athletes, punks, preps, etc all know a dealer or someone who does.
I dry burn every rewick, about every 2-3 days.
Thanks, I've tried from 50/50 to 30/70 to 100 VG juices, 0mg to 6mg nicotine, and a lot of fruit flavors. I've been dripping for about 1 month. I've noticed flavors fine for the first drip then just gets unbearable until I change cotton. Also until recently I just did cheap DIY so I guess I'm not used to quality juice.
http://imgur.com/Sqb9sOl
Sorry about blurriness, my camera is scratched up.
I've heard he's actually quite shy off camera, like when someone has seen him enter their vape shop. So maybe around family he's just like any other person.
Oh :o thank you very much
Normally 0mg because its dirt cheap to DIY, but whenever I treat myself to premium juices I'll vape 6mg or a friend doesn't like a flavor will give me theirs (normally 12mg).
Your welcome :) however the arm can sometimes be a pain in the ass to bend and the clamp is designed for desks so it's a tough spring.
Cellphone holder, also comes with a car windshield attachment too: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00G3ZI0UI/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o04_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1
Cellphone holder: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00G3ZI0UI/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o04_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1
I use one (also known as a sploof) when I'm vaping a flavor that people around me dislike.
Residential often are work with a laser that goes off if blocked (by smoke, vapor, etc). Commercial fire alarms often use heat to go off.
I found stuffing cotton in there will give you enough juice after a few clouds to drip a little by squeezing the cotton.
It looks amazing, you made this with just hardware parts right?
Nah, tea leaves in VG overnight.
More pics of the mech? It looks interesting but I'm wondering how the button works. Also not sure how well the spring works being on the outside of the mod.
Citrus Eclipse by Rocket E-cigs, a local B&M.
Personally I'd get some coils elsewhere. With my first RBA I got that exact same 50 pack of coils, 1.5 ohm, but the gauge and diameter is so small and such soft nichrome that its a bitch to wick and are little more then disposable. You can't dry burn them because the legs will bust, so you're replacing them about once a week. Some 26g kanthal and an ohm meter will last you longer, will have a better taste (these coils, even after torching, will taste nasty), will be able to be dry burned, more surface area, and easier to wick. 

100 ft of kanthal is like $3 on Amazon and an Ohm meter will run $10-$20 online or at your B&M.
To fair he states that everything to know about the product in 2 minutes, the intro wouldn't be something to know about it :p
Works in peoples' hair too. Its easy to drop a cloud on a willing short person's hair :p looks almost like a wispy flame.
I'm poor xD Angelcigs, save me!
I order from Fasttech because I can't afford much and if my mod breaks (like my 4nine threading did) I'd rig it to work till a replacement device arrives, even if its 2-3 weeks later. Also it seems as if Fasttech has more finishes then authentic devices, as you can find a Patriot clone of almost every finish for under 10$.
That's massive, I'm gonna have to get that too o.o
Thank you, I ended up ordering this one.
Even if the air holes point down, if you can close the air holes it can be laid down. For instance, if I lay my Vapelyfe on its side I just close the airflow holes.
Pina Koolada 0mg 20/80 PG/VG
As for terminology this might help out: http://wiki.planetofthevapes.co.uk/wiki/Dictionary
No problem :)
A lung hit is where you directly inhale and don't stop at the mouth. Mouth to lung is where you take a stop to fill the mouth then inhale to lung.
A DNA 30 is a regulated device, because it has the DNA 30 watt chip in there to regulated wattages and voltages. A mech is just a tube and the coil's ohms is the only power control.
Like I said, its probably not bright. For me it was either auto-fire or no button...

Wait, I remember what I did before my atty's threading got busted. I added O rings to the threading to space the mod out.
I had that issue with a Fasttech 4nine clone. My solution (which may or may not be bright), remove the magnet so the bottom switch makes contact with the negative of the battery. But if its upside down it'll still fire.
I have those glitches too, but it kinda reminds me of the glitched areas in R:1.
A remaster would be nice for the PS3, or a new series. For now emulating at 3x resolution and 16x AA works for now regarding HD.
Thanks, I found a guide and it says shes in Mac Anu. @.@ I think I'm gonna save my sanity and just skip the last flyer.
Yeah, but if they didn't have that limit I'd choose Grappler/Gunner/Reaper also.
Yeah the wikia has info on it, but thats why Matsu only has 2 weapons
I had been thinking about quitting ciggarettes to make it easier for basic training, so one morning I went to the gas station I bought my usual cigs from (and once tried dip at), bought a shitty knockoff ego kit for $20, stopped smoking right away. After two weeks while charging I tried a ciggarette, couldn't stand the taste so I finished the cig and gave the rest of my pack away.
I'd pick that if there wasn't class limits on Adept Rogues. Your combined classes can only be 4 or less points, Steam Gunner is 3, and Flick Reaper and Tribal Grappler are 2; so 3+2+2=7. CC Corp supposedly put into the Adept Rogue class to prevent unfair builds like Harvest Cleric and Shadow Warlock rogues.
I'd pick R:2 with Adept Rogue. Steam Gunner (3 point) and Twin Blades (1 point) extention with heavy armor.
Well now he can save up for some suede skate shoes.