Agreed. The Beckman laces look great on the IR.
It's fine. It's only the sole. If/when they get resoled, it'll be all better.
I was rocking round toes and shorts this weekend. Whatever works for you, dude. 
Hi Tuesday! She seems to be doing much better!
There were lots, but the LucasArts adventure games were my favorites.   
I must’ve played through Indiana Jones and the Fate of Atlantis and Sam & Max Hit the Road dozens of times.   
  
You can still play them via scummvm, they still hold up. 
I use the all natural leather conditioner maybe two/three times a year. I use the leather cream for touch ups as needed.   
I don’t let the conditioner sit for very long and I put it on pretty thin.   
  
Here’s what they look like after two years.   
https://i.imgur.com/zVwXtvT.jpg
These are my oxbloods. Only a few weeks old.   
They go nice with black and dark denim. I absolutely love them.   

https://i.imgur.com/vn0F7L1.jpg
The Puppia Ritefit one’s are the best, they have an adjustable neck, so it’s perfect for that floof. 
He looks fantastic now! Love him forever!
Beautiful. I have Moc toes in Ebony Harness and it’s a great color. 
This happened with the Ouija Board box set. It happens, you'll live.
Shar-pug?
Yup!
Or medical schools. The number of medical journals is staggering.
Oh man, I tried doing a destruction magic build and by the time I was level 15, I was like "fuck it, time to level up archery again".
That headboard. Haha.   
Also, I’d destroy my shins on that frame. 
Are they 12D or are they wider?
It's a great session sour.
So fucking refreshing.
It all depends on how you move around. My right boots crease more because, when I crouch down, my left foot is often flat and the right foot is on the toes.  
  
Don't sweat it. Leather's gonna leather.
Yep. I got the BeamTech ones off Amazon for $36.   
Plug and play. 
I was legitimately looking at the actual wall and thinking "that's not that cool."
You just need to buy the appropriate size LED bulb. My car had halogen too.
I wouldn't get halogen bulbs that are advertised 8K. They're just going to be regular bulbs painted blue and you lose output.

You have a lot of other options including HID retro or getting LED bulbs. One of my HID ballasts went bad this weekend and I just installed a pair of LED bulbs and they're quite nice.
I want to go to there.
Time to play the game: "Dog Toy or Sex Toy?"
That's some weird mirror account, but the tweets are 100% on the real Twitter account.  

https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/987679848284999680
“Rent a car: it IS a car” is what turned the ad from funny to hilarious. 
The truth is they don't all have to be artificially inseminated. There are many responsible breeders that work to eliminate a lot of the problematic traits.  
Pugs don't require artificial insemination and can be delivered naturally.  
The 'truth' is that people just rattle off the same 'facts' over and over.
I don't know what it is with the black ones, they're always derpier than their fawn brethren. Ours is like that too.
So's white supremacy.
Yeah, mine are actually from the Rack, so it's not the end of the world.
That does look nice. I’ve been tempted to do my Hawthorne weekenders, but I’m hesitant to pull the trigger. 
Source?  
*I’m dumb*
And it varies wildly. A friend of mine got her car wrapped and it was 4k.
Man after seeing the picture of the Baltimore meetup a few years back, it confirmed my assumptions that I'd rather only know you guys in this format.
It's been really bad. Most of them I can just ignore, but I've received three voicemails within the last week.  
All of them are threatening legal action against me. Taxes, other stuff, one said that I had 24 hours to call before the 'local cops took me into custody'.  
  
I downloaded Hiya, and it didn't do a fucking thing.  
I get at least a dozen calls weekly from local numbers (same area code and even first three digits of my phone number) They don't leave messages, and on the off chance I answer one, it's dead air.
My dog fucking loves broccoli. Hates most other veggies, but broccoli is the shit.
There was a Mexican restaurant around Chicago that had some crazy fucking burrito. It was definitely a mashup of a totally different sandwich and a burrito, but I don't remember the details.  
I saw a picture of it a few years ago and I very badly want to eat that burrito.
Good to know. Might be tricky since sizes usually jump from 12 to 13.   
Is the width any better once the toebox collapses?
Super jealous. I want these bad. 
Yes.
I'm aware...
Arguably, it’s the ‘breed standard’ that’s problematic. When they’re significantly flat faced, they absolutely can have health issues.    
A responsible breeder would try to eliminate that trait.   
I have two pugs, they both have muzzles, short, but defined and they’re athletic as fuck.   
There’s a tendency to overfeed too because they’re cute when they’re rolly fur balls.   
  
I find the pug hate to get really old, but some of it can be warranted. 
I’m on two weeks with my 8119s too. Love em.   
If you’re looking to dress them up a bit for the office, the black Beckman laces look great in them.   
https://i.imgur.com/JL4hXHr.jpg
> terrorist fist bump

Terrorist Fist Jab
Wait, am I Kmart?
"You don't need to sign your comments, dad."
A big part of this is the pre-populated listings on eBay don't have an option for 1st generation, so most people just click which one they think fits.  
I've listed two 1st gens on eBay and you can't fill in all of the item details using the selections provided, you have to use your own.
Kmart - Now that's a name I haven't heard in a long time.
The Mango Capri Sun is a nice touch.
Holy shit. This is pretty huge. 
I'd recommend the All Natural Leather Conditioner.  
http://www.redwingheritage.com/us/USD/product/care/products/conditioner-all-natural-3-oz-97104  
It darkens a little bit, but it's temporary and it doesn't contain any silicone like the mink oil.  
The leather cases handle drops quite well too. I dropped my 7+ a few times, including a fall down a flight of stairs with a face down landing on a tile floor and it was fine.   
Plus the saddle brown looks so damn good after it wears in a bit. 
They have a lot of retired stuff and people want to pay too much for things, so they'll take your money.
I thought, with 4K video and all that, I might as well go big.   
With iTunes Match and my photo library in iCloud, I still have 216gb free on my 256, so it really depends on your use case. 
Yeah. I got sick of burning through Vans and Chucks every few months.    
But now it’s a sickness. I have nine pairs now. Gotta catch em all!
He’s on Insta. @draco_thepug
The beginner class really just goes over basics and is more for the owner to learn some basic behaviors.   
Things like, sit, stay, lay down, come, etc.   
  
Since we already have another pug that’s pretty good with this, Draco knew a lot going in, but I still think it improved his attention span a bit.   
  
Sounds like the Intermediate/Advanced classes are where it really ramps up, but we’re going to wait until Draco is really an expert at all of the beginner stuff.   
  
I think we’re going to enroll both guys in the intermediate class later this summer. 
This is a good one too.   
https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/376556729603223552?s=21
Oh! *That* Prague!  Yeah, I went there. 
I don't, just let the leather and cork do its thing.  
That being said, the moc toes that have seen the most wear have gotten a little loose, I tried a superfeet black, but it took up too much room, so I might grab one of the leather footbeds from RW just to see if I can take up a tiny bit of space.
Not gonna lie. I'm a *little* annoyed at this coming out when it did.  
Had it existed at launch, I definitely would've gotten this one.  
  
Here's hoping red is one of the launch colors for the 2018 phone.
He's beyond unhinged at this point.
You shouldn't frost your mugs. All it does is introduce moisture to the beer, not only watering it down but also really killing the flavor and aroma...
I'm a big fan of 9500 - Fury Class Interceptor.
Most of mine are seconds and I still can't really tell you why they were marked as such, but it saves me a ton, so I'm good with it.
Nope. Graduated in 2006 and I still have those dreams.
Not really. But you *should absolutely* play the first one. It's also in the upper echelon of games.
Do they have Costco over there? Their wool socks are great.
We use this one https://www.target.com/p/as-seen-on-tv-174-true-touch-pet-deshedding-glove/-/A-51234532  
Works really well.
You typically treat three spots along their back. Neck, mid-back and tail. The oils in the skin/hair help it disperse.
ZippyPaws makes a line of toys that has three small toys hiding in a larger ones. https://zippypaws.com/product-category/plush-toys/burrow/  
  
The small squeakers are the most coveted toys in our house.
Puppia harnesses are fucking great. We have two pugs and they work really well.
Kinda like 'All' by The Descendents.  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wIoNaAs-KGg
Most cheddar cheese doesn't actually contain any lactose.
Yeah. If I didn’t already have the Falcon, Old Han would’ve been a draw for sure. 
I walked down the aisle to that one. 
Yeah. I saw them there the other day. 
Broadview had a few. Even at $35, I couldn’t pull the trigger. There’s just not really anything in it for me. 
It actually didn’t. I noticed a mass during our walk and we took him in the next morning.   
There was an abscess that they drained. They said we caught it in time before it burst. 
I wear a 12 in everything. The Weekender stuff runs a little longer, so I probably could've sized down half on those, but I don't really have a problem with fit.
Tiny Floof.
I can't help but think that the GOP is hoping Trump does something and it will finally give them that push to impeach.  
It's like they want him out, but they need that perfect storm to do it without jeopardizing their spots.
Thanks! He’s doing better already. 
Our guy runs between 24-26 pounds. He just has a big frame. Vet always says he’s a big boy, but perfect weight for his size. 
I’ve also owned the OG IRs and I didn’t care for the sole. The oxbloods I picked up over the weekend have the Vibram and it’s way better. 
>	Honestly this is also a purest thing... real fans of the brand respect how it used to be made and want it to stay true to the original form.
  
  

That might be one of the douchiest things I’ve read on this sub. 
Same dpci for all Series. 
I’m thinking with it being their first time doing something like this, it’s little off.   
I know they had some real problems with logistics just getting the card out to people.   
  
I’m really hoping there’s something great announced for May 4. 
https://brickset.com/minifigs/sp043/ufo-droid-blue
Nice. I was at this show.
I personally think the patina on the original looked pretty good.  
That being said, the black turned out nice. I’ll be curious to see how they hold up over time. 
“If you’re staying in a hotel on the fourteenth floor, come in, you know what floor you’re really on.   
If you jump out the window, you will die earlier!”
I think they’re either Euro or Asia exclusives. 
In the future, you should use a leather care product instead. Olive oil goes rancid. 
The chestnut leather would be the best match. 
I was wearing black jeans today and that totally sold me on them.   
https://i.imgur.com/oRLhGmD.jpg
I walked down the aisle to a friend of mine playing the acoustic version of Every Thug Needs a Lady. 
I have a pair of classic chukkas. I find that using heel lock lacing greatly increases the comfort of the shoe and limits slipping. 
Just give them the all black heads like they used to. 
There pretty much isn’t a speed limit on 290. 
I wear a 13 in Vans/Chucks and dress shoes.   
I wear a 12 in RW.   
The muleskinners stretched and broke in pretty quickly, the black abilene ones haven’t stretched as much and are a little snug still. The concrete R&T also broke pretty quickly. 
Can confirm. I found a pair a few weeks ago, wrong size, but they’re floating around. 
Instagram is also a good source. 
The new batch have blind eyelets now.   
I have two pairs of oxes without and they do stretch a bit, but I’m not concerned about it.   
My chukkas have eyelets and it’s a welcome addition. 
New ones have blind eyelets.   
The old ones do stretch, but I think they only go so far and then stop.   
https://imgur.com/a/oXWSX/
The weekenders do run a little long. I wear the same size in Mocs and Weekenders, but you probably could size down a bit. I don't have an issue with them being too long though.
Nice.  
Those would've been super dope with the black wedge from the 8137.
Yeah, it's been pretty disappointing so far.
This one is next on my list to find the pieces for.  
I have the doors to the truck and the tail fins for the plane, just gotta dig everything else out.
Yup. https://i.imgur.com/hKDgnce.jpg
I have the same one!  
https://i.imgur.com/Kc8Mv7B.jpg
The first gen Scion xB is the closest you'll get in the US.
Nice. Before you post up that the leather looks funny or creases weird, the CR&T leather does that. Many find it desirable as it looks "broken in" faster.  
  
We see a lot of posts like that. It's normal.
It's probably not all copper, but I can almost guarantee there's some copper in the eyelet. That's why you're seeing the green. It's pretty much cosmetic, so I wouldn't worry about it too much.  
I'm not a huge fan of petroleum products near the leather, but again, it's no big deal.
I doubt many people bought these sets for the build.  
I got the truck for the packaging. Odds of me actually opening it are pretty much zero.
It will patina to an almost black after a while though.  
Here's my midnight blue after two years. https://i.imgur.com/lvLcTHT.jpg
It's verdigris. Basically a reaction of the copper in the eyelet.  
Ironically, vinegar will cause more of a reaction, as it will react with the copper.  
    
A paste of baking soda would likely remove most if it.  

If you're really worried about it, the best course of action is to simply have the eyelets replaced. It's not really going to harm anything though.
If you're concerned about crime in Oak Park, you're mostly fine, but be aware that if you live on Austin, you do share a border with one of the worse neighborhoods in the city. Most of the issues are internal (gang) problems, but keep your wits about you if you're wandering down Austin at night.
OMG
Nothing really melts on a burger better than American though.
People have only noticed it when I run the photo face with pictures of my pups.
Well, that was unexpected.
I'd imagine they're fine, you'd probably see cracks, dryness in the pics.
Not really. The only thing I've heard is that the wedge soles can dry out. I bought a pair of round toes from 2010 and the leather was a little dry and the sole isn't quite as squishy as new, but no real issues.
Yeah, this trick has worked well for me. I wear a 13 in dress shoes, Vans, Chucks, etc, but a 12 in RW.  
Never actually had my foot measured, but it hasn't really caused me any grief. My one pair of Mocs have gotten a little loose after two years, but it's resolved with a thin insert.
Admittedly, my upgrade to a + phone is another reason I don’t use the Mini as often.   
Still, it’s a great form factor for note taking. 
Oh shit, do you live on the Death Star?
Yeah. Holy shit. Wear the fuckin boots and don't worry about em.  
Not like they self destruct if there's a weird crease.  
Not to mention R&T leather creases everywhere if you look at it funny.
LEGO.
I just stopped cold turkey (er... tofu?).  
Lasted 8 years and then woke up really craving a cheeseburger and that was that.
Seriously. When I think back on all of the opportunities I missed because I was fucking dense...  
I'm happily married now, so it really doesn't matter, but high school would've been way different if I was more confident and less oblivious.
Finding out the speech synthesizer on my dad's TRS-80 could speak swear words.
Hand me the keys, you fucking cocksucker.
He's kinda like the Wilhelm Scream of extras.
I have the Spotlight Battery. I’ll message you with more details. 
If you missed out on the last one, 14 years ago, yup.
You can also park off the Harlem stop on Elgin behind the UHaul.
My Mini 2 is showing its age. I'm really tempted by this, simply for the pencil support, but I'm still holding out hope for a pencil enabled Mini.
Makes sense, just disappointing 
The box of shit story is the one I’ve heard for years. 
I struggle to understand why they are different though. 
The Spotlight doesn’t. Unless the wired and battery have different software, which, as far as I knew, they are fundamentally the same. 
This is proper fucked up.   
People bitch about quotas for speeding tickets. These are actual human lives we’re dealing with here. 
Shermer High is the HS from the John Hughes movies (Sixteen Candles, Ferris Bueller, Breakfast Club, etc)
Pretty much sums up my expression for the last year.
The time I save not watching commercials is more than worth the $4 month.
All McDonalds commercials end the same way 'prices and participation may vary'.  
I wanna open a McDonalds that doesn't participate in shit. Cheeseburgers? NOPE, we have spaghetti... and blankets.
"You can water your hard to reach plants with this!"  
'Who the fuck would make their plants hard to reach, seems so very mean. Think like a cactus!'
We really wish we knew about our rescue's life before us.  
We got him when he was five. All we know is he was a puppy mill stud, he has a few scars here and there and was underweight and patchy when we got him.  
  
Doesn't seem like he was abused, but just not necessarily well cared for.  
We just want him to know that we'll never do anything to harm him, and that he never needs to be afraid of us.
The Icons/Reference series are fine, but they are quite bright.  
As was stated above, they pretty much go half off on black Friday and other times throughout the year, so unless you're in a rush, keep an eye out for sales.
Nice, thanks!
The R series uses the same components as the KF line. They're the IMG woofers and the old tweeters.  
The RP (Reference Premiere) series replaced the old Reference II series and use the cerametallic woofers. The RPs have the redesigned tweeter.

The current R series is identical to the Icon series.
I believe the Caverly stuff is a Japan exclusive. The Rack gets a lot of that stuff. 
Things must’ve changed. All of the ones near us are 5% off. 
They’re fundamentally identical. 
This is what I was hoping the dark olive looked like.    
I was a little disappointed when I saw how light it actually is. 
Do what you want, but there is zero benefit to bi-wiring. 
Those are fake as fuck.   
Look at the image of the Weekender oxfords, they only show three eyelets and the fourth is punched but still has the leather in it.   
  
Not to mention the prices aren’t even that good. If you want to get some cheap, go to Nordstrom Rack or Sierra Trading Post. 
You can’t even see the bridges or posts from the front. 
How do four connectors look cleaner than two?
The B-Wing became a cult classic through video games though. 
https://youtu.be/ETFNSVNQqfE?t=20s
Mars Volta during the Francis The Mute era.  
They walked on stage, rocked the fuck out for two hours straight, and the only thing they said was "thank you" at the end of their set.    
Probably Target. It pretty much functions as our grocery store along with damn near everything else we need.
One down the street from my office has them for $15. Might swing by there and get some communal Lego for the office.
If you really wanna darken them, the boot oil will do that. 
The entire Speed Champions theme was an exclusive. 
TRU, Target and Walmart all have exclusives. They were only available at those stores and Lego Retail.   
Speed Champions, Jedi Fighter with Hyperdrive, A-Wing... those were all TRU exclusives.   
Walmart has the Landspeeder right now, Target has the Egghead set, etc. 
There’s not much to it. The actual tower is pretty much hollow. The dice roll on a sloped plate.   
https://i.imgur.com/3v06xGo.jpg
  
I toyed with putting some slopes inside to knock the dice around, but in my testing, the rolls are pretty well randomized, so I didn’t really need anything inside the structure. 
It’s a start though. Advertisers helped kill O’Reilly. 
Wow, for all the evil Nestle does themselves, you'd think supporting Nazis would be right up their alley.
We have two, no funny teef though.  
https://i.imgur.com/SZ4PjOH.jpg
Yeah, but I think there were way more iPhone 6s out there than first gen watches.
Family has a place in Northern WI. Far enough away from the big cities. I'd head up there and hopefully have a quiet 12 hours.
The fuckin underbite is the best.
I think the days of hoping for a 'performance boost' for the Series 0 is over.
Clockwork Synergy probably has the biggest selection of nylon bands. 
And why can’t they include black hardware on other straps? Not everyone that wants a brown leather strap has a silver watch.   
You gotta go 3rd party and they’re never quite the same quality. 
It’s a fantastic display. Especially if you have the X-Wing. 
It looks great, but isn’t really comparable to the UCS one. 
The Targets near me have only carried them sporadically since the first Batman Movie Series.   
With TRU closing, they’re getting hard to come by. 
It's like when a car company says it's the "first ever [insert name here]"    
Of course it is, you made it.
https://i.imgur.com/cMfkFGP.gif
YMMV big time on this. All of the local Targets near me will not do any price adjustments anywhere but the customer service desk, and everyone at those desks follows their price match policy to the letter.
My wife and I have definitely noticed targeted ads about things we've spoken about but never actually searched for.  
We could have a conversation about something and within a day or so, start seeing ads for the the same things.
They likely used an electroplating setup, It's pretty easy to do.
My wife and I got ours a week ago. Our Series 0s weren’t going to make it to the fall.   
Not too worried about it.   
*bop* *bop* *bop*
They had apparently redesigned the clips for my car, because they weren’t as secure.   
Despite carrying something I shouldn’t have, it still should’ve stayed on the car. 
Also, he goes by William now... 
They're flat, solid objects, so air can get underneath them and can generate lift at speed.  
I was aware of that, so I figured we'd be okay off the highway, but that truck must've generated enough of a vortex to tear it off the car.
That guy that saved $99!
Interesting... I still prefer the challenge of getting it home myself.
They make roof racks/accessories.
I'm *very* aware of other mattresses being transported now.
FYI - These discounts are all listed in their weekly ad.
We had a sectional delivered before new years and the delivery guy was great.
It's their flat delivery fee for in-store delivery.  
I did find out the last time we bought a couch that if they send it down as a delivery, they charge $99, but if you buy something at the register and then take it to the 'Home Delivery' desk, they only charge $79.
We're definitely more careful at pre-planning now.  
We always take her SUV and when we know we're getting big shit, we rent or plan to pay the delivery fee.
Things that don't generate lift, I guess.
So same rack, but it got moved to a Prius - changed out the clips for the proper ones, but they didn't hold as well (obviously). Yakima actually redesigned them after the fact.
Yeah, it was the perfect fucking storm of good/bad luck.  
Turns out, Yakima redid the roof clips for my car because they apparently didn't hold well? ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
Well, shit. Good to know.
That's why I tied that bitch to the roof. I wasn't wasting $99 on delivery. Plus, we'd miss out on the awesome story.
It was okay. We got a better one when we moved. The flying mattress is still in the guest room and we haven't gotten any complaints.
Why pay someone else, when I can do it?  
I got our old couch home in an even smaller car.  
https://imgur.com/jH9KZUZ  
  
I just didn't take into account the 'sail-like' nature of a mattress...
Not all of them. Only the memory foam ones. If you get a spring mattress, it's still flat.  
This was five years ago, so things may have changed.
My wife knows that the only time I become hostile and irrational is when building Ikea furniture.  
I only become outwardly hostile towards the actual product, but she knows that anything that comes out of my mouth during those moments is simply due to the Ikea rage.  
She also really appreciates the depth of my profanity lexicon.
We needed a new mattress. My now wife insisted that we pay the $99 for delivery. I was adamant that I could get it home on the roof rack.  

I strapped the mattress to the roof of the car, ratchet straps across all four corners. Motherfucker wasn't going anywhere.  
We get in the car and opt to take surface streets home instead of taking the highway.  
  
Everything's going great, but there is one stretch where the speed limit is 50mph.   
We're driving along and a big truck flies by and immediately after it passes us, I see the mattress fly off the car in the rearview mirror.  
  
"HOLY FUCKING SHIT"  
I'm backing up on the road and come to the mattress.   
I did do a fantastic job strapping it to the roof rack. Problem is that the mattress took the roof rack with it. It's still tied to the mattress.  
  
We hoist it back on the roof and take it slow to a gas station. Re strap the mattress (straps going through the car this time) and get it home.  
  
There's a small cut on the underside of the mattress and some gravel in the protective plastic cover. Otherwise, no real harm done.  
  
My wife still brings it up every time we go to Ikea.  
"So... we're paying for delivery, right?"  
  
*Edit* Also, since the roof rack got fucked up (and surprisingly didn't damage the car) I called Yakima.  
They recommended not carrying stuff like mattresses/plywood for that very reason, but they did replace the roof rack for free.
I never really cared for Ninjago stuff, but those movie sets were all pretty much amazing.
Start slow, too much initially can cause some loose poop.  
We end up adding about a teaspoon to their food in the evening.  
Also keep in mind that it's all fat, so if your guy is watching his weight, reduce the food a little to compensate.
If you're finding skin issues, we've found that adding a little coconut oil to their food really helps with dry skin and reduces shedding a bit.  
Makes them shiny as fuck too.
Yeah, Target Wallet is really well implemented. I can't complain about lack of Apple Pay, because I only use Red Card at Target.  
Cartwheel and payment in one shot is really nice.
I’ve tried 11 in RW, but they’re too tight. Especially anything in the 8 last. 
Damn, son. I want these so bad, but I wear a 12. 
So I added a stop and some rails to the front of it. It stops all of the dice now.   
https://i.imgur.com/jVC7uFd.jpg
Most of the dice I’ve tested usually stays within the boundaries. The d20 is usually the one to go rogue. 
I’ve found the best way to see any of them broken in is to search for either the name or model number on Instagram. 
Did a little modification. There was a spot inside where a d4 kept getting stuck.   
https://i.imgur.com/9igDymw.jpg
You should be safe, but the bigger question is “why other?”  
3mm is not even noticeable, unless you need them to clear a brake caliper. 
Tremendous👌really👐the☝️best🙌
The leather looks like Oro Russet. 
CMF Series 16 - Rogue
The archer is my character token, not part of the tower. 
Sorry for the delay. Here’s my Midnight Blue after two years. It saw some action for sure.   
https://i.imgur.com/lvLcTHT.jpg
Yeah. They’re an easy beer to stop drinking. 
Now, it’s possible this has changed as they’ve taken heat for it (but the CEO has had a pretty big ‘fuck you’ attitude in the past) but generally, they’re not good to their employees.   
They have a history of union busting, they once had a position for a IT manager and the posting said something like “we’ll work your ass off, but if you think you deserve 50k, don’t waste our time applying”.    
Their old jobs page sounded quirky, but apparently “bad health insurance” wasn’t a joke.   
https://i.imgur.com/U9TZPi4.jpg
You and I have very different definitions of the word ‘better’. 
That’s way more than a resole.   
*edit* you downvote, but you should read the post. It’s a relast. They reshaped the toebox. 
Stone had Dayman a few years ago. It was pretty good.   
I’m surprised nobody’s brought up Rogue being a shitty business yet. 
I’d love to see what Mocs look like with a Beckman style sole. 
https://imgur.com/O5iDhwl
Motherfucker has '45' monogrammed on his shirt cuff.  
https://imgur.com/o70Bi0S
And that would be fine if it were just a 'right leaning' subreddit, but they routinely break the rules that have led to other subs being banned.  
There's something bigger there.
Yeah. I’m thinking about turning it back up a notch. There is a more noticeable delay on detection now, and if it’s going to detect shadows anyway, I’d rather it be faster. 
This was really tasty, but I felt it was inaccurately named.   
I was expecting a stout, it’s waaaay more of an oud bruin. 
Thanks! Just wanted to confirm I’d be able to use it on the new device or if it was just for “new customers”. 
I mean, they're kinda long, skinny people shapes, but it's certainly not a person by any means.
I still see the Alert Tones in iOS.
I feel like sensitivity needs to be worked out a bit. I have mine set to people only, but I get motion alerts as the sun starts to set because of the shadows cast into my motion zone from people walking on the sidewalk.
I prefer the Oregon Trail Generation.
Furthermore, they're one of the only cable news channels that has an AppleTV app that doesn't allow you to watch live TV.  
When I want to read, I get videos, when I want to watch, I can't.
I’m starting to wonder if the admins were asked to keep t_d around by the feds or something to monitor them.   
/u/spez clammed the fuck up when it was brought up.   
He’s either one of them, or can’t comment on an open case. I’d think, if he supported them, his answers would be more than just not saying anything. 
The "Millennial" window is really big. I'm 35 and technically categorize as millennial.
Not everyone knows you can leave choices blank.  
In fact, when you submit either an electronic or paper ballot, it warns of an undervote, so most people will see that error and fix the undervote.
The silvers are so beautiful. Second only to brindles. 
Yeah. Unlikely, but I wouldn’t mind seeing Rauner get knocked down a bit. 
It’ll be really awkward if those last 13% swing hard Ives.   
  
*edit* she’s conceding 
I pick up the Tofl leather laces from Amazon and cut them to fit. 
Here’s the Weekender next to a Clarks Bushacre (same as desert boot with hard sole).   
https://imgur.com/a/JA9Xg/  
  
I just got the Weekenders, but they’re way more comfortable than the Clarks. The Clarks don’t get a ton of action. 
You really don't need it unless your boots get super dirty or something. It strips most of the oil out of the leather.
Yeah, I can when I get home. I've been running with the saddle for a while.
They come in 80" and you can just cut them to size. They do stretch a little, so wear them for a few days and then trim.
🎵 Maybe he's born with it. Maybe it's kompromat. 🎵
I got mine off Amazon.
Why the fuck do you guys have so many burbs?
The chestnut laces from RW are a perfect match for Copper RT.  
https://i.imgur.com/Wch2KcR.jpg
Only certain colors though. Black and Saddle Brown being the best.  
The midnight blue eventually turned almost black and my wife has the aubergine case and it's very dark now.  
The red leather looks like garbage almost immediately.  
  
I can't say enough great things about saddle brown though.
Either the Neutral Boot Cream or the Neatsfoot Leather Cream is what you'll want to use.
Yup, but her special brand of crazy probably plays well to everything south of 80.
I think you can only turn those off entirely.  
It's the Daily Coaching setting under Activity in the Watch app.
How has TCL fared in long-term use? I'll admit they're certainly tempting, but I want a TV that'll last several years.  
The savings isn't worth it if it takes a shit two years later.
Seriously. I grew up with 'Rogey'. He was my childhood hero.  
I like to think he made me a better person.
I really have to finish ordering parts for mine. That Falcon takes up way too much room on my desk.
I haven't seen any noticeable issue with battery life. I only charge the case when it get's really low (5%ish).
https://www.bricklink.com/v2/catalog/catalogitem.page?P=4597#T=C
If something was ordered online and then returned in store, they'll put it on shelf AS-IS at a discount.    
It was likely never opened.
I can't even figure out how that works...
They fit better because there isn't a wire that's constantly moving around. That's what always caused the EarPods to fall out. That and they weigh more. I've had mine over a year and they're wonderful pieces of tech.
If you can, I highly suggest getting a dog.   
I never had one growing up and I got the appeal, but it really clicked until we got our first a couple years ago.   
Now we have two and I can’t express how much I love them. 
Inauguration Day is the beginning of the end of a term. “Trump will no longer be president... in seven years” -Graham. 
That packaging is expensive, not as recyclable and made it easier to steal parts.   
While it was cool, it was largely unnecessary. 
I don’t understand why this bot exists...
They had a pair of Copper too, but I couldn’t justify getting both. 
I don’t like how it’s in quotes when it isn’t the direct quote though. 
I wondered. I went today and it was mobbed, but not a single thing was on sale. 
I have two pairs of Weekender Oxfords, these have the blind eyelets, which is a welcome upgrade for this line. 
The sport loop is really fuckin comfy. It’s seriously like sweatpants for your wrist. 
Yeah. I work in IT and have several pairs. 
I picked up a pack the other day. Looking forward to trying it. 
That’s just petty. 
Series 3 came out in September. I doubt you’ll see anything new prior to that. 
No, I'd have to agree. Stud spacing isn't right. Look at the tips of the ears.  
Pretty cool looking kit though.
I had one too. It’s capable of that speed, it just takes a while to get there. 0-60 in 10s is slow. 
It's a Prius, it might get there, but it'll take a while.
Yes.
I love the grain on the briar oil leather.
Monthly subscription box and has toys and treats. They’re big fans. 
Damn. Hoping they get some more of those in at some point. 
I’m old as fuck. Between this and Thursday doing a 20th anniversary show, I’m feeling super old. 
Unfortunately, the writing has been on the wall for a while. They just couldn’t hang with the bigger guys.   
Seeing their pricing though, seems like they could’ve tried harder. 
I've always referred to them as headlight bricks.
We have a 9 month old and I cannot catch him when he's going full tilt in the backyard. The two of them almost caught a rabbit last night. They're crazy fast.
Yep. We have two and they haul ass. We were visiting my in-laws and our oldest made a habit of getting on the couch, by jumping over the back of it. Just blasted a 3' vertical like it was nothing.
So was that... kinda.  
"Have I been living with him too long or did that all just make sense."
The color doesn't help either. Lambos really shouldn't exist in anything other than a bright-ass color.
The score at the end sounded remarkably similar to the one they use in the MCU movies.
I haven’t listed it yet, but looks like the going rate has been between $100-140 for the sport.   
You can search what you’re looking to sell and filtering by Sold Listings to get an idea of the pricing. 
I mean, I ran with my sport for nearly three years and only had a minor scratch on the edge of the glass.
Right? All people complain about is how there are never any original movies anymore.  
I don't think anyone would argue that RP1 was the pinnacle of literature, but it was an entertaining story and I'm excited to see some of that on screen.  
Sometimes, you just want to turn your brain off for a couple hours and watch a fun movie.
Different use cases. If it works for you, great. 
 Unusable to useable is pretty serious for me. 
Disagree. Prevents accidental triggering of Siri and points the microphone in a better place. 
Obviously, you’re not a golfer. 
I can’t help but feeling that, despite looking great, most show dogs might not have the best life.   
I know that things happen to dogs that are unexpected, but for a dog to die suddenly at the age of three, you wonder if there was something that was overlooked for the sake of maintaining the strict aesthetics of a Westminster competitor. 
It’s probably going to end up on eBay. 
Yep. It’s still pretty chilly for him. 
The only difference is the strap and a couple Nike unique faces. Otherwise, they’re identical. 
He scoped it out, but it’s only 40 degrees out, so he didn’t really hang out in it. 
I was going to do the same, but my wife’s wasn’t making it through the day anymore, so we figured we might as well pull the trigger. 
I’ve only had it for a couple hours, but instant Siri response and the ability to actually open apps is awesome.   
For the last year or so, my Series 0 has been a passive device. I rarely interacted with it because it was so laggy. 
Golden Steer is our jam. 
Cermak and Oak Park. I’ve been meaning to try that one out. 
I don’t have as many memories of TRU, but Child World back in the late 80’s. Man. Those were the times. 
That was the word until today. Guess they’re still super broke. 
That was my jam back in the day. I don’t think I’ve had it for damn near 20 years. 
This isn’t surprising in the least. The markups alone make me avoid them for the most part.   
I’ll also be glad to see the end of the exclusives. 
Not really familiar with Barraco's, but more often than not, we get pizza from Malnati's in Oak Park. Salerno's is also good (but get their extra thin). We also really like Q's in Hillside.  
Ranked by how often we order: Malnati's, Q's, Salerno's.  
  
**edit** Also, I'd be remiss if I didn't mention Freddy's in Cicero. It's been a long time since we've gone, but it's really damn good.
Couldn’t have happened to a bigger twat. 
Only reason I got mine. It's the one set that I'll probably never actually open.
Correct. Only Lego and TRU carries them.
Mine had a plastic/foam pad with one edge glued under the insole. The rest of it was floating free. I just cut it out.
No. They’re all full welted. 
You can swear on the internet, and yeah, I agree.
They do have the Indian logo, along with the rolled top and the gold cap stitching.
I feel like mine will never expire.  
I moved from Alien Blue when they stopped development and they gave away like three fucking years of it.  
I still don't know what it's for.
They're technically "Spirit Lake", not IR, but they're very similar.
Do they have the little arch pad?  
I got a pair of 8166 and they were causing some pain. I removed the arch pad and they’ve been way better.   
None of my others have that pad. I have pretty low arches, so it just may have been putting undue pressure on my foot. 
How does the contract brewed stuff compare to the FL stuff?  
*edit* Thanks, everyone. Good to know. The TG contract stuff was weaksauce, compared to the stuff straight out of the brewery.
Stickers on the Speed Champs don’t really bother me. Race cars are covered in stickers anyway.   
I think this one would look best with limited stickers  
The Falcon was redesigned, so it doesn’t technically count.   
The Taj Mahal is really the only one that’s been re-released. 
WITCH!
Uh, people definitely want that New Glarus shit.
Just delete system32.
Yup. My first playthrough, I was one-shotting dragons without being seen.  
I started a second one recently and was gonna be all destruction magic.  
Level 16 and I'm starting to level up my sneak and archery again. Destruction magic sucks.
He looks great! Looks way younger. I'd card the shit out of him if he wanted a beer.
That’s pretty accurate. 
I probably fall on more on the side of an “anti-gun” person, but I’ve found a lot of Matt’s Dem Ranch content to be interesting.   
It also helps fund all of the amazing work that Vet Ranch has done for abandoned pets.   
The unlisted video thing is a bummer. If you’re clicking on a video about surgery and you don’t want to see surgery, you’re gonna have a bad time.   
  
The censored videos eliminate a good chunk of the educational content, not to mention the obvious monetary hit.   
Nice. Picked up the Scout Trooper Speeder for $35
I stuck with 12 for my weekenders. That’s what I wear in everything else.   
They’re a little snug until the toebox collapses a bit and then they’re fine. My Hawthornes are great, but my black Abilene are still a bit snug. 
You gotta get the rest of the minifig now. 
They look like weird slippers in the pictures.   
Will definitely need to see them in person before I can really tell. 
Is this an alignment template for printing?
They’re good puppers. 
Don’t get me wrong, I don’t dislike them, but the leather was especially one dimensional when new.   
They’re looking better as they get some wear, but they’re just not my favorite.   
https://imgur.com/a/wzq4t/
I think of the leathers I own, my favorites are either my Ebony Harness and the Briar Oil. I love the color of the ebony, but the Briar has such a great texture.   
  
My least favorite is the black Skagway (chrome) they used on the monoblack Mocs. It almost looks like fake leather. 
Here are my buddies: https://i.imgur.com/MJutVYz.jpg
Just seeing how much the kids from Parkland have been making huge waves in addressing the topic of gun control following the shooting.  
Many of them are such well spoken, involved teens.  
It's refreshing to see a group that wants to enact change so badly.  
  
I think their response has been the most encouraging thing I've seen in quite some time. The fact that many of them will be eligible to vote in the next presidential election and that they aren't afraid to stand up to legislators could actually mean there are some big changes down the road.    
Apple is beginning to sell the refurbs, but you have to keep checking, they don't stick around for long.
Unless it's larger than 18" in any dimension.  
Or if your local post office sucks and loses shit all the time.
Growing up on shitty VHS copies, I didn’t know about C3PO’s silver leg until waaay later. 
As a homeowner and dog owner, boxes of rubber gloves are never hard to find. 
My wife surprised me with it. She thought it was neat. 
https://i.imgur.com/mWg5sMW.jpg
Yep!  
https://i.imgur.com/mWg5sMW.jpg
They’re not really that bad. I only wore them during the bottle build and then took them off. 
For real though. What breed are they?
Perhaps it was a little overkill. As soon as I started, all I could envision was a big-ass thumbprint inside the bottle. 
The flaw is that, much like in Rogue One, the heroes don’t exist in Ep. VI.   
RO is a little different in how crucial they were to stealing the plans, but it’ll be interesting to see what they do with the rest of the Ghost’s crew.     
I realize that the OT is the Skywalker saga and that lots of other stuff might be happening elsewhere, but you’d imagine most of the rebel force would be right there with the rest of them. 
I’m usually 100% in favor of the wraparound. I do it on my Moc toes, but it just doesn’t look quite right on the Beckmans. 
As a content consumer:  
Until streaming services understand that viewers want high quality audio and not just video, I'll keep buying/checking out Blu-Ray.    
Streaming services are pathetic when it comes to audio quality. Gimme that uncompressed audio goodness.    
  
From a library perspective:  
I work for a consortium and our collective Blu-Ray collection is pretty great and circs A LOT.  
Many users aren't interested in streaming services and would rather get their movies/TV from the library.

I love how he gets increasingly "Walken" as it goes on. 
Holy shit.
I'm a 12. Thanks, though.
Yes, it uses the Forecast.io, same as Dark Sky. You can also use WU, if you find Forecast.io to be inaccurate in your area.
I really want a pair of these. Don't care what color. I've only seen them in size 8 and under.
Desthil does some good stuff.
Nordstrom Rack is usually even cheaper. 
But what practical need does anyone outside of the military have for a 30 round mag? I get that they're fun to shoot, but if you're a hunter and you need a 30 round mag to drop a deer, you need a new hobby.  
The AR isn't a great option for home defense either.  
Literally the only reason to have one is for 'fun'.  
That wrinkling is just what the R&T leather does. 
It's also aioli.  
Don't forget the arugula too.
You should probably see The Last Jedi, but the planet Crait is a salt crust planet with red beneath the salt. 
I'd like to think the tide is turning now. Watching some of these kids give such impassioned speeches makes me feel like we'll be okay soon.  
  
The vast majority of the kids from Parkland will be able to vote in the next presidential election.
I'm fortunate enough to get away with jeans at work, but 95% of the time, I'm wearing Red Wings. Boots most of the time, but I have a pair of chukkas and a couple pairs of their weekender oxfords when I need to go to a meeting and dress nicer.
I have the medium white luminoodle tied to the USB port on the TV in the living room. I don't really notice it during the day.  
Thinking about getting one in the bedroom too.
I do like the laces themselves. The yellow is a bit too flashy for my tastes, but I'd be interested to know where you got the laces, I'd love some in a more muted color.
I want a Mini Pro so bad. I've love to use the pencil, but the Mini formfactor is just so perfect for me.
Yeah, we've found Netflix originals simply because a trailer plays after you finish a show.  
We found Atypical because the trailer came on after End of the Fucking World. Otherwise, would've never known about it.
There’s a company in Indiana - CenTec and they have a product called MyLibraryRewards that actually awards points to an account for every check out and those points can be redeemed at local businesses.   
  
It’s a slight twist to the show your card thing. 
You don’t need to saddle soap unless they get really dirty. Saddle soap is pretty hardcore and strips most of the oil from the leather. 
I don’t like how the mink oil has silicone in it.   
The all natural conditioner contains mink oil, but is silicone free. 
Online, it’s anyone’s guess. Theoretically, it’s midnight  Eastern time, but they often don’t actually go on sale until later.   
This seems to impact the big Star Wars launches more, but you never know. 
J2G’s recent negativity has made me not want to watch his videos. 
Yeah. It’ll be the first domestic one I get. 
Not only does it halt the Defender program, it paves the way for all resources to Stardust.   
I love how well this is setting up Rogue One. They’re doing a great job with fleshing out the lore. 
I’ve remarked a few times how the storytelling in a cartoon for kids has been more impactful than the new trilogy so far.   
I had more of a response to Kanan’s death than Han’s.   
  
They’re really doing a phenomenal job with this show. I can’t wait to see how it all ends, but I’ll miss it. 
Yeah. I’m a 12. 
The Irish Setter Mocs.   
I’d love to find the Flatbox. 
My mistake, they were the 6" Klondike.
I really like how it resembles a tribal mask.  
The other set isn't great, but has the best figs.
A pair of Klondike Huntsman just sold on ebay last night in a 12. I had been watching that one.
That's honestly a bargain considering the location. Even shitty houses in LA are often over 1mil.
They might like being numb too.
I'll message you.
Good to know. My wife is a bar manager and is looking to get her summer lineup locked down. 
Le Tub rules. 
They also taste different as the CO2 imparts an acidic flavor. 
Definitely want to, didn’t have time this weekend. 
I forgot to include him. Oops. 
Oh shit, blind eyelets in the Weekenders now?
Those are the Weekender oxfords in Copper R&T. 
History would indicate that Trump’s endorsement would more likely hurt his chances. 
I'd love to see the 'damage' in question.
Sounds like OLED might be the solution for you.
I'll never understand why the US market hates wagons.
Same. While they aren’t objectively the best headphones I own, they are so great to use, I rarely use any of my other headphones. 
The Caterham was more fun to build and looks better as a display. 
After a flight, I’d much rather stretch my legs and deal with the inevitable awkward bent stance for a few minutes while the people ahead of me deplane.   
I can stand with my head pressed against the ceiling for a bit. No problem. 
The tattoo doesn't help the picture.
Alright alright alright.
Not even not being able to afford them. My wife and I both have Series 0 watches that are definitely showing their age.  
I'd 100% buy the refurbs, if it meant saving $100 total.  
  
Apple's refurbs are the tits.
80”
Static Prevails is often overlooked, but I love that one.
Well, now I suddenly have the TaleSpin theme song in my head.
Target occasionally has them. They typically stock them around the holidays. I got a Vader one last year and then bought a Skywalker one for my dad.
8" officially. That being said, my 8" Mocs are just as tall as my 10" Bean boots.
https://www.bricklink.com/v2/catalog/catalogitem.page?P=57906#T=C
As far as I can tell, they're pretty much identical.
Look for the hide and seek style toys. They often have a larger shell with smaller toys inside. They’re designed for dogs to fish them out, but the ‘hidden’ toys are perfect pug sizes.   
Usually, there will be three small toys inside the larger.   
We have a pumpkin with bats inside, a carrot with bunnies and a few others.   
Zippypaws makes them and I know Amazon carries them, so you might be able to get them in the UK.   
  
Zippypaws actually sells refill kits too. Our two guys fight over the small toys constantly and the little one loves running around with the big carrot for whatever reason. 
He honestly looks pretty good. He has a defined waist/hip area. That doesn’t always happen with these chunky buddies. 
I just sent my PSLF form in. It’s huge for people working in a sector that isn’t typically the most lucrative. 
I just got a pair of 8” Moc toes. They look great even after just a couple weeks. 
Nice. Before you make a post about weird wear - the leather shows creases and wear almost immediately.   
It’s 100% normal for the R&T leather. 
After a couple days, the leather gets grippy as it absorbs the oils from your skin. They also look awesome with wear.
Well, that’s just like, your opinion, man. 
I feel like we need a sticky or something about R&T leather. Or at least encourage people to search (even though Reddit search sucks)
I use the cream on my oil tanned stuff for touchups. It’s a good product for keeping them looking good, but the all natural stuff does a better job, at the expense of some darkening. 
They tolerate it. I wouldn’t say they love it.   
This was the little guy a few minutes after.   
https://i.imgur.com/ZHgXdKk.jpg
Yep. The Heritage line uses the original color leather and hardware.    
Beyond that, they’re identical. 
Try Bug & Tar remover. Should get a lot of it and then I’d clay it. 
I agree. I don’t use mink oil often, but my 8166s we bought used and were stiff and dry. The mink oil really softened the leather up. Better than even the leather conditioner. 
Do you have a pic of yours?
Wow. Our dude was under 5 pounds at 8 weeks.   
Vet figures he’ll be in the 25 pound range. 
Post some pics. 
His big brother is 24 pounds.   
https://i.imgur.com/kQ8cCkW.jpg
Cedar shoe trees might help a little.   
Realistically, daily wear isn’t great for them. They need to rest and dry out between wears. 
Untappd shows Laser Raptors with a raptor on the artwork, but that’s pretty much it. 
They've been retiring bands since the second batch came out. You can't get the black leather loop either, for instance.
The windows are a pretty awesome Countach throwback.
You can easily mod Ren's shuttle to move the wings.  
I made mine static in 'V' mode.
Indeed - He's my hookup for the Michigan stuff.
Yeah. My wife is a bar manager and she brought some home from a distributor.
This is the only Lego set I'll probably never build. The packaging looks great on these.
I haven’t. My boss gave it to me last year and he said it was a little on the hot side when fresh. 
Chicago area. 
I dunno. I like mine quite a bit. 0-40 is totally fine and that's 90% of what I do on a daily basis. It'll cruise at 80 without an issue on the highway.  
I drive exclusively in sport mode and I don't really baby it. I consistently get 40-42mpg without trying.  
  
It's more fun driving a slow car fast than a fast car slow.
Working from home tomorrow. Wear pajamas, probably shovel a few times.
Almost 35. This album defined my early 20’s for sure.   
Also, you an Alkaline Trio fan?
I just got a pair of 8830 last week. I’m good for a bit.   
I’d pick up anything for $49 though. 
And remember, every pizza is a personal pizza if you believe in yourself.
Oola and Boussh. Nice.
Bummer. I’m a 12.   
Also, my wife might kill me if I bring another pair of boots home. 
Nice. What size? I’ve been striking out at the Rack stores lately. Last time I was at that one, they didn’t have anything. 
Thanks! Those look cozy. 
So jealous of these. I'd love a warmer pair for the Chicago winters, but I can never find them in larger than size 7.5.  
   
Can you snap some pics of the inside? I'd love to see the liner better.
What are the odds that Nunes still pushes to override Trump when he inevitably blocks the release?  
Gotta be less than .05% right?
I dunno, looks kinda crappie.
Regarding the 8131. Oro-Russet is definitely the ‘reddest’ leather from RW. 
Unfortunately, the 8131 is a European model, but the seconds pop up now and again in the US on Nordstrom Rack and Sierra Trading.   
  
STP has 8131 now, but in very limited (small) sizes.   
https://www.sierratradingpost.com/red-wing-heritage-8131-6-classic-moc-boots-leather-factory-2nds-for-men~p~270pm/  
  
  
Regarding the 875/10875, fundamentally, they’re the same boot. Eyelets are a different color and they use a different color leather, but the build quality is the same. Really just a matter of preference, style wise. 
Haha. Yeah, I was like a $3 short of free shipping. Ten black and ten white helmets fit the bill perfectly. 
Yeah. It’s really nice. I’ve gotten some rare parts there. Best way to get Sabine Wren’s helmet for a while. 
Yeah. I guess I always get them confused. I usually go through bricks & pieces. This was a pick a brick order.   
B&P is unavailable currently. 
I needed to hit $35 for free shipping and I have some Blacktron and M-Tron figs that lost their original helmets. 
That’s where this order was from. Ended up being cheaper than bricklink.   
I need to check my inventory now and get a handful of other stuff to finish it off. 
Hope not. I just picked up a pack of Iowa Pseudo and was looking forward to trying the “real” stuff. 
iTunes Match labeled Jaked on Green Beers as Naked on Green Beers. 
You probably be okay. They typically run big.     
I wear a 13 in Vans/Chucks/Everything else but a 12 in RW. 
How’s the return policy where you found them?
It's normal. Copper R&T leather does this almost immediately.  
Also, it isn't cracking, it's creasing.  
  
The leather is desirable because it looks "broken in" very quickly.
70917
I'm a big fan of it.
Makes me want to break out my Architecture box
That's what that leather does.  
If it bothers you, it isn't the leather for you.
You should use a suede eraser if you really want to clean them up a bit. As others have said though, they look better if you let them do their thing.
I’m already drunk. 
YMMV, but I have no idea what my brannock size is.   
I wear a 13 in Vans/Chucks/Dress shoes, pretty much everything.   
I wear a 12 in Red Wing. Haven’t had an issue with fit and I have eight pairs.    
  
If the place has a good return policy, you could always try em out. 
My god, guys. They’re boots. They look better when they get beat up a little bit. 
"Mr. Pibb is a replica of Dr Pepper, but it's the bullshit replica, cause dude didn't even get his degree! Why'd you have to drop out and start making pop so soon?"
I totally did this with GI Joes back in the day.
The girlfriend stole every scene she was in. That character was perfect.
First off, muleskinner isn’t suede. It’s rough out leather. It’s literally just the rough side of the leather. Suede is pretty delicate, the muleskinner stuff is definitely tough.   
  
You could probably use the leather protector spray to keep stains off. I personally think the leather looks better with a patina. It depends on how you’re wearing them/what you’re doing. My Hawthorne weekenders still look pretty much new, as they’re worn around town or in an office. 
“And you know what that means,
A glass of wine, your favourite easy chair,
And of course this compact disc playing and your home stereo.
So go on, indulge yourself,
That's right, kick off your shoes, put your feet up,
Lean back and just enjoy the melodies.
After all, music soothes even the savage beasts.”
https://www.lego.com/en-us/aboutus/news-room/2014/june/2014-mexico-factory  
  
They claim they’re identical, but the figs feel different. It’s most obvious with the ones like Batman And Lego Movie series as you can take two figs side by side. 
Chewed to death. 
Thanks! There’s pics of him and his big brother on /r/pugs
Not usually a huge fan of the skin tear stuff, but that looks really good and has some nice clean lines.   
I wonder what it would look like with Technic?
They really do. Their customer service has always been top notch. 
A few weeks ago, I found my puppy chewing on something. When I pulled it out of his mouth, I found Robin’s leg. This is what was left. I never found the head. 
https://i.imgur.com/MBCwDDo.jpg  
   
I called Lego to see if I could purchase a replacement and they just sent it. Luckily, the cape was in decent shape, as they couldn’t replace the single piece.   

The culprit. 
https://i.imgur.com/4beRZRv.jpg
Do it. https://i.imgur.com/PJrhjNn.jpg
There's nothing wrong here. Leather is a "live" material. It's gonna do what it wants to do.  
The boots aren't going to fall apart or anything.
Seriously, I can't imagine going back to a regular trunk now.
The thing that people overlook is that if you don't defend your trademark, you can lose it.  
Trademark lawsuits don't happen out of hostility, they occur to protect their trademark.  
  
Sometimes they're a stretch, but still.
We learned a delivery trick for big items.  
Ikea charges $99 for delivery if you order something from the sales floor. If you buy something and say you're taking it home, you wait at furniture pickup and then go to the home delivery desk.  
They'll charge you $79 for delivery instead.
Yeah, I know Ikea gets some flak for being cheap, but honestly, it's done well for us.  
We finally caved and bought a "nice" couch at Macys a couple years ago. The upholstery started pilling, it was full of feathers that stabbed you in the ass and the back cushions weren't firm enough, so you felt the wood frame in the small of your back.  
  
We just donated it and got a new couch from Ikea that's significantly more comfortable.  
Also, definitely opt for the stuff that's pine. It'll last longer than the particle board stuff.
It's more calling the Klan cowards.
I dunno, I'm pretty invested in the ecosystem and I simply don't see the appeal here.  
I've already dumped money into my audio system that's already both AirPlay compatible as well as having an AppleTV tied to it. I get 99% of the benefits plus significantly better sound.
Not marketing. Just a dude that reads the news. 
Yep, I did the free trial through Amazon (figuring the presidency might not make it that long) but yeah, $3.99/month after trial.
It's something like Ferrari retains ownership of anything with the Ferrari logo on it or something.  
It's why when Shell/Ferrari did the Lego promos, the minifigs had stickers. Seems like they came to an agreement about minifigs with the Speed Champions line.
You can get a free sub to WaPo for 6 months through Amazon. It’s $4/month after that. 
The Mooch is on CNN saying the reporting is a “red herring” and then denying that he’s calling the reporting a lie.   
I don’t think he knows what those words mean. 
It’s well worth it. Just saw the drop from NYT. Holy fuck. 
Okay. I was about to drive to wherever you are and stock up!
I think that was more due to the licensing agreement with Ferrari. It’s some weird Ferrari BS. 
Apply when the leather looks/feels dry.   
If you’re expecting to wear them daily in wet weather, that’ll probably harm them more than drying out.   
  
You should really let them rest so they can dry out between wears. 
The only thing that I dislike about the CMFs is that they’re the lower quality dogs from Mexico. 
Holy fuck. These are pretty much all awesome. 
Or the Caterham, or every Ideas set except BBT. 
Fuck me. Where do you live? It’s $60-70 around here. 
The orange on grey is really perfect.
Target had em for $29 a couple weeks ago, there might be a few out in the wild.
Big fan of their Rendezvous.
75084 - 100%
I hate most of these, but I gotta say, this looks great.
Nope. I have two pairs of 6” and wanted to try these out. Found em on Nordstrom Rack and couldn’t resist. 
A suede eraser might take care of some of it. 
They recommend the leather protector spray. I haven’t personally used it. 
You don’t need to do anything preemptively.   
I like using the RW neatsfoot leather cream and the all natural leather conditioner.   
The cream will not darken anything. The conditioner will darken the leather a bit, but I feel it conditions deeper than the cream.    
That and a brush is pretty much all you need unless things get really dirty.   
  
RW also will recommend products based on the style number on their website. 
I have these too, definitely my least worn though. My Moc toes are the coziest. 
That might be one of the most open ended questions ever.  
There are a ton of sets that fit the bill. Are you looking for architecture in particular?  
Like, unless you have a theme in mind, you're not going to get any useful answers here.
Right? Sets barely make it in the house before they're opened.
**ಠ_ಠ**
I'm disappointed that Lexus discontinued the CT in the US.  
I know a lot of younger buyers aren't into hybrids, but I can't see myself not buying a hatchback anymore.  
I don't really enjoy crossovers, the NX is nice, but my wife has a RAV4 and it's fine, but too big for my tastes.  
  
Lexus doesn't really have anything for me in its lineup right now.
It worked for me. First time drinking Miller Lite since college, and it was solely based on the design. Those were the cans I saw at family events throughout my childhood. I was nostalgic about a product that I had next to no history with.
zoom in.
>And for some reason, they showed so much beach volleyball...  
  
I mean. They are trying to get ratings and beach volleyball certainly offers the most 'rating friendly' uniforms. So it shouldn't be that much of a surprise.
Also, Series 4 of the planet series weren't released in the US, and they were the best ones. 
Dead.
If you have a local RW retail store, they’d probably do it for you. They’d likely charge you, since the need to remove the old ones.   
I know some stores will swap speed hooks for free. Seems to be up to the store’s discretion. 
We couldn’t get either to sit still with the crown.   
The little dude loves his new mace though. 
SchumerShutdown - 1,700 Tweets in the last hour.     
  
TrumpShutdown - 70.5K Tweets in the last hour.   
  
I think the GOP lost this one. 
  

That happens pretty much every time I get an email from them.  
Mine shows point balance of 225, when I log in, it's 1902.
I also received that email. I spoke with Lego and they said it should've arrived already.  
They put in for a replacement card, stating that I might end up with two. The replacement is due end of Feb.  
I did end up receiving a card last week. Not sure if it's the original or replacement.
I’ve grown quite fond of the RW All Natural Conditioner. 
It’s gonna look great when he hits the links while the government is shut down.   
Just like Christie with his private beach party. 
I've had one on my 8+ since November and it looks great now.
There's one on Chicago Craigslist at the moment.
Those are beautiful.
Go get a CR1632 coin battery. Pop the mechanical key out of the fob, put the tip in the little slot and give it a twist.  
It’ll pop the key open. Change battery, reassemble.   
  
It’ll take you a couple bucks and 2 minutes. 
IIRC, the bags are packed by weight and smaller pieces always have a few extras to ensure that everything that's needed is there.
It has pretty solid shelf presence though. It's always the first thing that draws people's eyes.
I've seen people post stuff for sale in this sub.  
There aren't really any rules, and, as far as I can tell, neither of the mods are active here.
Overall fit and finish is one of the reasons I love Apple's hardware. Their OEM straps might be pricey, but they're all really quality.
Always blue! Always blue!  
I rarely see the move animation, it just tells me about my streak instead. I get the blue one daily, it's the best when I get it while actively sitting on my ass watching TV.
The gap in the lug really kills it for me. I know it's minor, but it just makes it look cheap. https://i.imgur.com/JblIf8h.jpg  
I've seen others state that the width of the actual strap is the same on 38 and 42 versions. Sounds like they only changed the actual lug and used the same strap for both.
I own a few pairs of Heritage seconds and I couldn’t tell you what made any of them seconds. They all look perfect out of the box.   
Once you wear them in a bit, you’ll never see the cosmetic issue that got them tagged as seconds anyway. 
Yes. Those are still all US made, and some of the most comfy foot wear I own. 
They do still make several standard models and their entire Heritage line in Minnesota. 
Go post this on /r/RedWingShoes too. 
No it isn't. This is a fucking huge MOC. It appears to be inspired by the MCM, but it's absolutely a custom creation.
Here’s my office at the moment. It’s a little cluttered as I need to add more shelving and get the parts for the MF stand.   
https://i.imgur.com/jVcPkj6.jpg
> Viola!

Wait, I get buttered bread **AND** a stringed instrument?! Sign me up!
We were at a Steak N Shake. We had finished our food and were waiting nearly 30 minutes. Tried going to the front of the restaurant, but nobody was there.  
We had to call the restaurant from our booth to ask someone to bring the check.
It's personal preference, but I know a lot of people (myself included) find it to be even more comfortable with the loop end coming off the top of the watch.  
I find that it lays better on my wrist this way.
The sport band doesn't breathe at all. I only wear mine if I'm planning on getting dirty (yardwork, etc).  
I haven't worn anything but the sport loop since getting mine.
I think that can be the case for some, but I have a 3rd party milanese and it's a sloppy mess of a band. The magnet isn't shielded, so it sticks to everything, and it just feels cheap.  
I have a knock off link too and it looks okay, but the clasp isn't 100%. I rarely wear either of them.  
  
I have an OEM leather loop, nylon, sport loop and the sport band and every single one is worlds better than the copies.  
I also have a Monowear leather strap that gets a lot of use, but again, it's not a clone of an OEM.
Yeah. I have all of the parts in my bricklink want list, I’m going to go through my inventory to see what I can scrape together first. 
I really need to bricklink the parts for the Falcon stand. 
But they’re technically free with purchase. 
Dan’s songs are consistently the strongest tracks on every album. The Broken Wing EP is fantastic. 
I’d rather just drive 13 hours at that point. Less than $100 in gas. 
It’s insane. I was looking to go Amtrak from Chicago to DC a couple years ago.   
Amtrak was $190 round trip. Each way took 13.5 hours.   
Flying was $170 and took 90 minutes. 
The OT X-Wing is the only rebel "wing" ship I don't have in minifig scale. I missed out on 9493 and I'm really looking forward to one with the updated canopy.
Nobody would, but he would do anything to get some white immigrants. They're not scary, AIDS-ridden rapists.
The WH is apparently expecting his comments to resonate with his base, rather than cause upset. Not surprising since his base is made up of white supremacists.
It's a Juniors set, so it's decent for what it is.  
If it's a cheap way to get T-Rex, I'm in.
It's not the language. It's the lack of decorum from an office that typically holds itself to higher standards.  
Of course, those standards have been dead for a year now, but still.
I appreciate that Acosta finally straight up called Trump a racist.
When the alert showed up on my watch, my first reaction was "no fucking way", followed by immense sadness.
WaPo confirmed that this was the first time they've published a curse word in a headline.   
https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/7prjm4/trump_attacks_protections_for_immigrants_from/dsjgyyi/ 
Well, I never expected 'shithole' to show up in my news alert.
Yeah, I have the Ouija box set, but I don't really do vinyl that often.
Yeah, for sure. I just wish there was some way to set thresholds on the sliders. There's a lot within HomeKit that's still kinda half baked.
Definitely want to pick up the Blu-Ray set. I was at night one Chicago and it was a great show.
130k is nothing.
I know it's essentially just semantics, but when someone says they "rescued" a betta from Petco, what you actually did is support the often shitty business of betta sales in large pet stores.  
  
That being said, he's beautiful.
Yeah, that's how I'm handling geofencing. Leaving sets away, arriving sets resume schedule. Otherwise, the thermostat never went back into the night schedule.
Most of the bulbs in the house are Hue now (just the regular white ones) and I've been very happy with their performance.  
You can keep an eye out for sales, there were some good ones around the holidays.
Not specific to Hue, but trying to adjust an ecobee temp using the slider in Homekit is hilarious. Try to bump the temp a couple degrees and it goes to 90.  
Instances like that make using the specific app more useful. Not to mention Homekit overrides any schedules that are set within the thermostat itself.
Because you want all four of your tires to match.
Yeah, new bottle is nicer because it shrunk and there's no room for the ship anymore. The original ship looked great. This one looks like it belongs in a $10 Creator box.
https://ideas.lego.com/projects/eca1b08b-1b29-46a6-97a1-9b2580e1dce2
Man, this is a solid meh. The original design was quite nice, but it was scaled down so much that it's really not very impressive.
It had potential and then it just zoomed off into preachy garbage in the blink of an eye.
Something needs to counteract the 500+ mg of caffeine coursing through his system.
Sure the Jaws ride was cool, but what they did with the Harry Potter areas at that park is really spectacular.  
I'm not even a big fan of HP, but it's damn impressive.
GET BACK IN THE HOUSE CORAL!
I was wondering. My batch of Pseudo Sue looked absolutely nothing like that. 
Our rescue is a mill stud. We got him at 5 and over the last two years, he’s really come out of his shell.   
We also just got a puppy a few months ago, and he’s really like a totally different dog now.   
He’s become very active, vocal, plays all the time. It’s been great for him. 
It’s really good. 
Lego really knocked it out of the park with the TLBM sets. They’ve all been pretty unique, fun builds with awesome minifigs.    
I just built the Two-Face set tonight and it looks great. I never really looked at anything beyond the front artwork.    
I bought it for the Two-Face dog, but the set is actually pretty great. 
I really want that acrylic display stand. The technic one out there is nice, but this looks better. 
Playing card is awesome. It’ll be nice to get Scarecrow if it’s a freebie.   
  
Edit: upon closer inspection. The figs appear to be cardboard targets for the bat-shooter thing. 
No, it isn’t. It’s a custom printed fig from HK.   
This also totally counts as spam. 
It’s a custom. Not authentic. 
Oh no? https://reddit.com/r/AppleWatch/comments/7mdhaj/dyeing_the_pink_sand_sport_loop_follow_up_post/  
Plastic is porus. 
Nice. I have a couple 2013s downstairs. 
What color did the lugs turn?
This is accurate. Many libraries take their donations and sell them at book sales, etc.   
the cash still benefits the library, but these materials don’t typically end up in the collection.   
  

I’ve been hearing rumblings over the last week.   
https://youtu.be/EHQBBPUvoW0
Oh okay. I suppose you mean the system Y-Wing too. 
The Y-Wing is apparently getting a UCS this year. 
A-Wing? Are they finally doing a UCS treatment?
Amazon has the release date listed as the 5th now.   
I’d be surprised if they couldn’t get the deliveries turned around that quickly.   
I get same day delivery on a lot of things now. 
Our system had 30 holds on it this morning, now it’s at 220. 
Glassjaw and Brand New. My man.
Seriously. He’s been all over the actual news over this. I had no idea who this piece of shit was before today.   
All this coverage does is drive people to his channel for the sake of curiosity. 
Even when the screen is at your side, literally out of sight?
It can change the "from" name in email. My wife accidentally sent some emails as Turd Ferguson.
And keep the Zone 2 Src + M-DAX held until the front display flashes in 3 second increments.  
I had to do mine the other day after a failed firmware update hosed it.
Well, SW saves Lego from bankruptcy, so it makes total sense.
I have never and will never buy Lepin. It's just that set in particular I've seen the knockoff and that little devil says "just do it".
If your dog will tolerate them.   
My dogs will walk like they’re in the [kitten mittons](https://youtu.be/22O6Nmjt-mw) commercial and then they chew them off. 
They’re shipping from Germany.   
I actually spoke with a Lego CSR the other day. I received my Falcon on Sept 26 and received notice on November 11 that my card shipped but I have not yet received one. I contacted Lego on December 11 and they said it should arrive by end of year.   
When I talked to Lego last week on an unrelated issue, they indicated that there were a few issues with supply chain on getting the cards out.   
Mine should’ve arrived already, they put in a request for a replacement and said it’ll likely arrive by end of February now.   
  
It really doesn’t matter as your account gets turned into a Star Wars account, so you’ll get all of the benefits regardless of if you actually have the card. 
I hate you so much right now.   
This is the only set I’ve seriously considered going Lepin. 
Which, IMO, helps them stay put. For me, the cable was the largest culprit that caused them to fall out all the time. 
Watching flies fuck on channel 11?
Sport loop in olive. Super comfy. 
AirPods are game changers. I’m not being hyperbolic when I say it’s the best product Apple has released in years.   
I absolutely hate the EarPods. They always fell out. Without wires, this is no longer an issue.   
Apple does do demos at their stores, but if you can’t get to one, cut the cables off a pair of EarPods (you know you have some laying around) and it’ll give you a decent approximation.   
  
Now, I will say that they aren’t the best headphones I’ve used from a critical standpoint, but the sound quality is markedly better than EarPods and the sheer convenience of them is great.   
  
Without isolation, they’re not perfect in noisy environments like airplanes, but unless I was flying or needed to do any critical listening, I haven’t used either of my pairs of ‘good’ headphones. 
You into Jeep?
I’m just pumped that there’s a 100% chance that my wife will let me get another $500 set next year. 
Don’t go changing, linkbot. 
We have a 7 year old rescue. He was always very quiet and didn’t get too worked up about anything.   
We got a puppy in August and he was really not into it at first.   
He is a totally different dog now. He’s more vocal, runs around, and plays with his new brother constantly. They’re always wrestling and chasing each other around.   
When they wear themselves out, they snuggle together.  
I swear he acts like he’s five years younger now. 
Unfortunately, I no longer have the receipt, but if I’m out at target again, I’ll find it. 
There isn’t really a scale. Mini and micro builds are just built so they look more or less like it’s supposed to look. 
Right leather, wrong model. 
Should be 2948 (it should also be printed on the tongue tag)
Spitting image of our guy. https://i.imgur.com/lIi9yJT.jpg
Or /r/doctorbs  
The extra b is for bargain!
The weekender toe boxes aren’t as rigid, so they tend to flatten out and crease more than the boots. 
Should’ve had it say “pull me over”
My wife surprised me with it. It was an overall enjoyable build and my inventory is now stocked with a ton of great colors.   
Plus, the disco figs are pretty spectacular. 
I haven’t yet. Just finished the build last night. Had been doing it in my down time over the last few days.   
I’ve seen one example of it motorized, so I’d probably start there. 
No mention of iPads. My Mini 2 is damn near unusable.   
It’s clearly not because the hardware is ancient, I can still buy a refurbished Mini 2 from Apple at this very moment.   
  
iPads are a bitch to swap batteries, not happy, but if $29 gets me a useful device again, I’d go for it. 
That and a Defender. Now that Rebels made them canon again. 
For the amount of work involved, it's a pretty terrible knife.
Sauces in general aren't as hot as the actual pepper either.  
I have a bottle of Last Dab and it's definitely hot, but an actual piece of reaper is way worse.
It still kinda blows my mind that we haven't had an official TIE Interceptor in nearly 12 years.
Looks like God didn't want him to be a senator.
I think it looks a lot better than the cheesy LEDs behind the MB emblem on their cars now.
Those will The the AirPods Pro. $599
There are rumors of a Harry Potter large D2C for 2018.
99% of the time, TRU puts sets out at retail for a week or two and then jacks them up.   
Unfortunately, they’ve been cracking down on early sales. I’ve been denied numerous times, even though the set is on shelf. 
Yeah. Not a chance. 
I mean, if literally all you need to do is gang multiple HDMI to a single output, you could just get an HDMI switch for less than ten bucks.  
https://www.monoprice.com/product?p_id=8149
Yeah, I can attest that the Iron Ranger is not good in winter weather. I'd imagine the mini-lug helps, but the original sole is slippery.
I'd like to know more about the X-Wing's landing struts.
Seeing as they have done two BTTF sets (Ideas and Dimensions) it's a safe assumption. Or at least wouldn't be hard to have something else approved.
It looks like a stove/grill built into a chimney. 
Not even close. It’s a fun set, but leaves a lot to be desired.   
A UCS scale one would be spectacular and they already have the license. 
TBF, they were selling out shows well before the Blink thing. 
Yeah. None of the heritage line are billed as waterproof.   
The most waterproof ones would be the Ice Cutter, which is discontinued in the US and the 1907 with the double welt might improve upon the standard welt for water resistance.   
  
Thorogood is another good option to look at.   
When it’s super snowy, I just throw on the duck boots and call it a day. 
I’ve had good luck with the Tofl ones that Amazon sells. 
I can see some Boston in there. 
Is it the perspective or is the black pug’s head really big?
There are next to zero phones with user replaceable batteries now. 
35’ should still be within a reasonable limit. Signal loss usually starts occurring at runs over 50’. 
Thanks, all. I feel vindicated.
He's a retired stud dog. I swear he's like 2/3rds dick.
We brought in an 8 week old back in August. We've had our 7 year old rescue for two years. They took a little while to warm up to each other, but they're doing really well now.  
The biggest thing was to make sure that if the older one started getting aggressive with toys or whatever, we'd separate them and remove the offending toy/item.  
  
Now that the puppy is almost 6mos, he's beefy enough to scrap with the other one, so we just kinda let them go at it now. We used to crate the puppy when we weren't home, but he just got out of crating in the past week or so and they're doing really well.
8166 will have the leather footbed. Honestly just roll with it. The cork will mold to your foot and it'll become really comfortable.
He had to practice before serial murdering his entire family. 
But ugly paint colors and dirty carpets are total dealbreakers.
Friends worked because it wasn't a laugh track, it was a legit audience. Same with Seinfeld.  
Now shows are built around the laugh track. Look at TBBT without laugh track: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jKS3MGriZcs  
  
It's so bad. Old sitcoms had genuine reactions. New ones don't.  
  
EDIT: Fine. TBBT has a studio audience. I guess Friends and Seinfeld simply worked because they were well written shows.
By the time you add shipping and tax, it's better to just wait for Amazon to get it back in stock at MSRP.
I wear it reversed too. I think it's far more comfortable that way.
One of those magic erasers are mildly abrasive and will remove a thin layer of the sole. Just go easy and it should clean up nicely.
The big issue with streaming is usually audio.   
Streaming something vs blu-ray, video is usually damn close, but the audio is way worse in streaming situations.   
  
Look at Amazon Prime streaming. 4K HDR video and two channel audio. Hulu is also locked to 2 channel. 
Unless you have a newer car running full synthetic.   
Costs me 30ish to do it myself.  
Every other shop is $75-100. 
Forest Park really would hit the sweet spot of access to public transit, walkability, bars/restaurants and it’s still pretty affordable. 
I still think it’s a solid album with some great songs. 
Why not both? They’ve been around over 20 years now. 
It’s not that they’re inaccurate, it’s that the glue is set to melt over 180 degrees, so by the time it pops, you’ve dried the absolute shit out of the bird. 
Just get them resoled.   
If you don’t wanna go to RW, a local cobbler can do it too. 
Eh. Kylo's shuttle is easy enough to mod without any extra pieces.  
Beyond that, all you really need to do is swap the front for red.  
  
I don't see that getting updated.
Is that Phasma any different from the last one? Or is this the one with the ugly helmet?  
Either way SPOILER  
.  
.  
.  
.
.  
.  
.  
.
  
  
  



  
  
Phasma still was pretty weaksauce.
Phono inputs are pretty rare unless you get to the mid/high range now.   
Odds are you’ll need a phono pre. 
Big fan of High West.
It's 100% normal. You can see the split on mine if you zoom in.  
https://i.imgur.com/eEla7go.jpg
What a cutie.
https://i.imgur.com/dbs5JV5.jpg
And no later than Jan 3. Dec 26 is the earliest it can be certified.
She's not specific to FP, but Negeen Masghati sold us our house.  
https://www.bairdwarner.com/our_agents/info/negeen_masghati/  
  
We met her at an open house in Brookfield and kept in touch. I think she's primarily based in the city now, but we would always meet her in the LaGrange B&W office.  
Great experience and we'll definitely go back to her when it's time to upgrade.
Wrist detection wouldn't working locking/unlocking either with it that loose.
He wears an 8" for sure. I was thinking 877 or 10877.   
https://youtu.be/hYXw6IwLC4A?t=13s
I could be wrong, but I’d imagine the Halloween one is way more sought after. 
This is his big brother Dexter. 
https://i.imgur.com/DrtNkJd.jpg
In what way?
The puppy hauls ass to his crate when I grab a rawhide now.
It wasn't *that* long ago. I got mine in 2013.
Check out the Himalayan chews. They’re essentially rock hard cheese that’s nearly as hard as antler.   
I mean, we have pugs, but it took the big dude a week to finish off a 4” segment. 
k
Give them something to occupy them for a little bit.  
We give ours a chicken chew or a Kong with some peanut butter in it before we walk out the door, they couldn't care less that we're leaving at that point.  
Our rescue had really bad separation anxiety for the first couple months. Now when we get home, he's usually just laying on the couch and doesn't get all worked up anymore.
Nope, that's just the amber bulb reflecting off the parabolic housing.  
These pics aren't my car, but I did the same thing.  
Before: http://i.imgur.com/pZCu9H3l.jpg  
After: http://i.imgur.com/7yIxYSWl.jpg
Thanks. He’s five and a half months old. 
They look just as classy as I had guessed. 
Poor dude is overheated. 
What’s the overall length of the strap?
Fuck that guy. You do you. Not everything has to be boring. 
As someone who has worked in the library world for nearly 20 years, that's not a line I would be surprised to hear from several of my past coworkers.
Yeah. If you’re going to be mucking around in standing water or snow for extended time, grab some snow boots or some Bean boots. 
Hulu has the Indiana Jones trilogy and they're all cropped.
He's also an actor that gets paid for doing acting stuff.  
He's not an employee of Verizon, he's an actor.
> some petty reason I'll never understand.

Hmm, like people's personal musical tastes? Sounds like you're the one on a high horse.
Lol, triggered much?
The ones at the rack are usually seconds, which are just as good. There’s usually some cosmetic something that gets them marked as such.   
I have a few pairs of seconds and I couldn’t tell you what those imperfections are.   
  
OP, check Nordstrom Rack and Sierra Trading Post. They generally always have them for way less. 
First two albums at least. 
I absolutely hated this when I first tried it, but that was well before my palate was developed.  
I really want to go back and revisit things I disliked 10+ years ago to see if my opinion has changed.
You should pick up some chrome turn signal bulbs to get rid of that egg yolk in the headlights.
"You can't have a Lemon Party without old Dick!"
I only had the very first one, and it's possible it was improved through software updates, but it was painfully slow and the UI is a nightmare.  
Navigating to anything was terrible. I'd often overshoot what I wanted because it wouldn't register button clicks.  
Loading content took a really long time and would often buffer within the first minute or two.
Just lean forward. You presumably know where your ass is located.  
There's a good few inches between your ass and the water level.
I never even bothered looking because the only device I have that supported it was the Xbox One and I'd always just kinda forgot Prime existed.
> These people saying that they are boycotting this movie, haven't been to a Marvel/Disney movie in over a decade...

Yeah, you can't boycott things when you've never used/owned/participated before.  
I'm currently boycotting Lamborghini and being a billionaire.
The whole 'genuine leather' thing on Reddit took off after a TIL a while back. I have several pairs of RW Heritage boots and the insole (and outsole of some) are all stamped Genuine Leather and there's nothing low quality about those for sure.
I really hope he gets back on his feet quickly. 
His channel has easily been my favorite over the last year. It’s terrible to see this. 
76075
I keep seeing ‘engraved’ what is the card made of. It isn’t just printed on there?
Same here. Got the email on the 11th saying it'll arrive by the end of the month.
My wife and I just call each other's phones if we forget to turn it off.
As a dude with a 1 year old nephew, I’m really excited to get this kid started. 
Only bad if you’re a Jedi. 
Playing with your grandparents is even better.
88 is still a neo-nazi thing...
Those soles were on the Irish Setter 4806. 
I’d imagine you could ask Red Wing to pop those on if they still carry those.   
https://i.imgur.com/HnIfjOY.jpg
I wasn’t too sure about it for the first couple days, but I love it now. I forget I’m wearing a watch all the time.  
The nylon strap is comfy, but this one takes it up a notch for sure. 
His older brother is 7.  https://i.imgur.com/g6p0AIZ.jpg
Nice. Our black pug just turned 5 months on the 24th. 
How old are they?
We have a fawn and a black. We’d love a brindle to complete the swirl. 
I honestly can't recall what the real Eric looks or sounds like anymore. The SNL version is the only one as far as I'm concerned.  
I also can't see Kushner without the Gilbert Gottfried voice anymore.
I have the same one minus the F-Sport trim (but I did swap in the top grille)
Oh man. That face. Reminds me of our rescue on the drive home. https://i.imgur.com/nV2E6AG.jpg
Hmm. I’m surprised that I haven’t gotten it yet. 
When did they start arriving?
Are you sure your foot isn't just slipping and hitting the toe?
Eurolines are perfect on the LS.
I have several pairs of seconds and I honestly couldn't tell you what makes them seconds.
The irony is that, if everyone gets their shit together and ousts every last one of them, and he and his family end up in prison, he might truly MAGA. 
He fixed it. 6m ago.   
https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/936037588372283392
Yep.
The only other modular I have is the Fire Brigade. I absolutely love this one.  
Also, is this the first one that doesn't have the generic minifig heads?
> Ant-Man (Okay, he isn't super critical to the Avengers. If you want to learn about his backstory hop on).

But it's a really fun movie, so it's worth watching anyway.
Chicago area. They had double this amount on Friday. 
Also a rated R movie. They’d never do it. 
That’s literally what TRU does 100% of the time. The practice is far from New. 
BCBS is more or less the granddaddy of barrel aged stouts. It releases every Black Friday and doesn’t tend to stick around, especially the variants.   
Despite GI’s current relationship with AB InBev, their Barrel program has maintained pretty high quality*.  
  
  
*exception being 2015
If he’s been anywhere near a Costco, there’s plenty. This was three days after release. https://i.imgur.com/GYdoWwz.jpg
I picked up a pair of the black abilene weekenders the other day. I wear the shit out of my muleskinner ones. 
The pricing is so bizarre on that one. $40/8th, $75/half, $235 whole.  
Why not just buy two half wheels for $150? Buying four 8ths is $160.  
Doesn't make a ton of sense.
For the life of me, I can’t understand why we can’t change the orange second hand. That orange is the reason a don’t use a bunch of the faces. 
The Lego ones aren’t as gassy. 
This was a Lego Club build. I shortened the legs a little because the official model was too lanky. I also used cheese slopes instead of tiles.   
Instructions here: http://cache.lego.com/upload/contentTemplating/Club2BuildingSteps/otherfiles/downloadD40BEBDE684EF0E149230A1576B7A619.pdf
Thanks. These are my dudes. https://i.imgur.com/6VzhRPW.jpg
This was a Lego Club build. I shortened the legs a little because the official model was too lanky. I also used cheese slopes instead of tiles.   
Instructions here: http://cache.lego.com/upload/contentTemplating/Club2BuildingSteps/otherfiles/downloadD40BEBDE684EF0E149230A1576B7A619.pdf
I prefer Moon Man.
The working steering didn’t make it. The engine looks nice and the trunk is functional and holds the jacks when not in use.  I don’t care for how the bottom frame looks from the front.   
Otherwise, it’s a fun build with a lot of great angles and unique components (lipstick).   
  
There are a few people who have modded theirs to bring back the steering. They have files available.   
It’s up there with the F40 as a display piece. Not a ton of playability, but it’s a great static model. 
That’s the only one I really wanted and I struck out. 
They said they weren’t doing any price adjustments at all. 
Good old Kyle Ren. 
It’s also worth noting that it’s on shelf at Target for full price and Target suspends price matching from Black Friday to the first week of December.   
If you order online for in store pickup though, they’ll honor the internet price. 
The only good printer Epson makes are their POS receipt printers.  
If you need a smallish office printer, I’ve had success with Brother.   
  
Also, lots of talk about printheads in this thread. If you’re buying Inkjet printers for anything beyond personal use, you’re gonna have a bad time. Shit. Even personal use, just get a laser. 
Right? Just wear em. Muleskinners look better beat to shit anyway. 
CR-Kai?
I went to Binny’s North Riverside thinking it wouldn’t be as crowded since it just opened. There were only 50 or so people ahead of us, but most variants were gone after about 20-30 people went through.   
Meanwhile, this is Costco as of 7:30pm.   
https://i.imgur.com/nYlaDs6.jpg
Northwoods was the only one I wanted.   
Most of the variants ran out just a few people ahead of us. At least I got coffee. 
It’s very good. 
Hmm. Awesome price, but I was going to get it for free with VIP points... but it is a great price. 
What leather is it?
I would’ve used coffee yogurt. Pretty much exactly what it tasted like. 
Try flipping the band so the loop side is on top. I find it fits better that way. 
Yeah, but weird quirks doesn’t mean the food isn’t good. 
Also, be aware that dog personality varies wildly.   
Our older guy loves car rides. Will do six hours in the car without batting an eye.   
We flew with him once. 90 minutes and he really wasn’t a fan. Didn’t like being cooped up (most airlines require that the pet stay in the carrier under the seat the entire time). 
Again, it varies between animals. We’re fortunate enough to have enough friends and families that they’ll either take them or stay here if we’re out of town. 
8166 on this chilly fall day. https://i.imgur.com/jDv8OS2.jpg
Such a great set. I highly recommend hanging it.   
https://i.imgur.com/RAAeON7.jpg
It's pretty obviously fake.   
Also, the fix has been out for over a week now, can this die already?
The Northwoods one is the only one I really want.
WGN was only briefly hacked. This video was actually broadcast over WTTW (Chicago's PBS channel).
Damn Apple with their planned obsolescence! /s
/r/ATBGE/ ?
The funny thing is the arch pad made my 8166 really uncomfortable.
I tore em out and they're way better now.
Sorry for your loss, but it sounds like his last moments were exactly where he wanted to be.
The first season is compelling but then [it](#s "just becomes the plot of Fight Club")  
I started season 2 and just didn't care anymore. 
That's fucking great.
Perhaps he was thinking "mikerowave".
What a terrible band.
Cool. I know a few of theirs end up in MN.
Is she from Wisconsin?  
Our puppy’s breeder breeds white ones too. 
This was one of their best shows in a while.   
There’s usually at least one sketch that I skip. This was overall a pretty solid show. 
“Nah, I don’t think so. More like chewed out. I’ve been chewed out before.”
I'm so bummed. I was 20 days out and when I paired to my new phone, some glitch happened and I lost all of the prior data.
I saw them back at Fireside Bowl 1997/98. Don't recall exactly.
There's an open slot in the bottom of that one that has the raindrops in it.  
We had to take those away, our older dog was waaaay too protective of those rain drops.
Indeed. My wife uses it in one of her email addresses and it's simply birth year.
Same thing with Chicago. It was 30 degrees last week, so we put the lights up. We won’t turn them on, but at least we don’t have to do it when it’s 10 degrees out.   
No guarantee of nice weekends this late in the year. It’s either cold or raining. 
10213 had a service pack that rebuilt the main fuel tank due to it being pretty unstable.  
They ultimately redid the entire set as 10231. As a display piece, 10213 looks better, but 10231 is overall more solid.
Reading the account, all I can think is that Venit was out of his mind on blow.  
  
*edit*  Just to be abundantly clear, my comment in absolutely no way attempts to justify his actions. All of the "tongue stuff" just doesn't sound like dude was sober. Crews is a big dude, you'd gotta be out of your mind to mess with him.
Chicago area, so I have four Lego stores within 45 minutes. I typically only frequent one of them though. 
IT TASTES LIKE FEET!
Touche Amore - Stage Four  
The whole album is the lead singer dealing with the loss of his mother to cancer.  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xz41dsx1yWA
Been a big fan of theirs from the start.
High Life or Old Style are my cheapies. 
If they have the old logo, they might be running the old menu, the new, modern logo=shitty food. 
Fuck Panera. They used to be pretty decent, easy food.  
They recently redid the one near me, they ruined the menu by fucking with sandwiches that have been staples for years (Italian) and they're skimpy as shit now.
My car has an 11.9 gallon tank. The fuel light comes on after burning 9 gallons, so it has a 2.9 gallon buffer. I could theoretically go another 120ish miles after the fuel light comes on.  
Never tried it because I like my fuel filter/pump to not be dead.
Yeah. Looks awesome on the 8+ too. 
I’ve played around with it a little.   
https://imgur.com/a/Muq05/
I wouldn’t be too jealous of our access to terrible cheap beer. 
iPhone portrait mode stage lighting?
It’s like $20ish for 48. 
Never change, LinkBot. 
Yeah. I think it changes the import tariff. Kinda like how Chuck Taylors have thin fabric on the sole. Technically makes them slippers, so the taxes are way lower. 
Yeah. One of our dogs is a mill rescue and had really bad separation anxiety. The TV has reduced his stress when we’re not home tremendously. 
Now he just lays on the couch and sleeps instead of pacing around and howling. 
We had been doing that, but with ISPs putting caps on bandwidth utilization, OTA is the way to go. 
We cut cable and leave the tv on for the dogs when we’re not home.   
I just feel like it’s such a small function that a TV should provide without having to buy something additional. 
Vizio always seems to hit the sweet spot of features and price, but the lack of a tuner is a dealbreaker. 
How was it? I’m sitting on a bottle, but waiting for some occasion to crack it. 
I’ll say I’m a little jealous. Seems like the employees at my local store don’t really know anything about their product. 
I wanna go to a store where one of you guys work. 
Yeah, I think that's the route I'd take.
There's a dude on eurobricks that made a technic one that's pretty good.  
I love the acrylic one that they display at Lego Stores. I'm hoping someone on etsy cuts those pieces.
I just rebuilt [mine](https://i.redd.it/ktnrhgjg1a5z.jpg) and I'd love some retro space stuff.  
Benny's Spaceship was a good tease, but I want the good stuff.
Add 10212 to that list too.
Eh. It was probably financed with high monthly payments. They probably got out of their old loan and got cheaper payments. 
I missed out on a pair of these on eBay. Hesitated and they were gone next time I checked. 
Which boots are they?
Yeah, rather than autocorrecting to 'I' it auto corrects A[?]
Also, in some apps like Facebook, it appears correct until you hit send, and then it's fucked up.
Those Klondikes and the Ice Cutter are on my list. My wife doesn't think I need anymore though.
Not particularly huge.   
3141 Chukka  
8137 Moc  
4533 Moc  
8166 Round  
8113 Iron Ranger  
3302 Weekender
Man, I like this one.
Yeah, it's supple as fuck. Probably my favorite leather from my collection. These and my Ebony Harness are my two favorites.
Looks like the Ice Cutter is retired in the US. 
Tried and true Briar Chukkas
I waited in line in 2014 and all of the variants were gone like five people ahead of me.
Same here! Our fawn is 7 and the black one is 4 months.
I know the feeling well. https://i.imgur.com/O8LVP0Q.jpg  
The Lawrence Arms!
Following. We're @pugasaurusdex and @draco_thepug
My biggest concern would be how sharp those models are. I'd worry about injuring the fish.
I think photos also greatly depend on their pose.   
Our dude isn’t overweight, but he is fleshy. Sometimes he looks like a loaf, other times he looks lean.   
https://imgur.com/a/PHgR8/. 
  
It seems like most pictures that end up on social media highlight the lazy, loaf side more than the active side of pugs. 
I think the boots look great busted up and dirty, but I like keeping my weekender oxes clean.
It’ll happen to you. 
https://i.redd.it/ix3u5m4g3uoz.jpg  
https://i.redd.it/u97p9p3b0rmz.jpg
Nope, can't start either. Allocation errors.
Yeah, I'd rather go naked. I minked my IRs because I wanted to weatherproof them a bit, but my weekenders are naked.
North Central US is down too. Couldn't spin up a VM first due to allocation errors and now I can't get into the portal at all.
Right. It’s annoying that I can’t say “turn the kitchen and living room off.”
I set this up on my wife's and it doesn't work within the Facebook app. System wide, it does seem to fix it.
My wife's been dealing with this all weekend. I've tried resetting her keyboard and even creating a shortcut where I=I and it still insists on breaking it.  
Worse yet, it'll look correct until you send or submit the text, then it changes to A?
11.1 is still really buggy.  
My wife can't type I anymore, it comes out as A?  
This persists even after resetting the keyboard and even creating a shortcut where I=I.
Typically, the only thing RW recommends for Muleskinner is Mink Oil.
It can only handle one light at a time.
The leather cream will condition without darkening. The all natural leather conditioner will darken the leather slightly, but seems to condition a little deeper.  
A horsehair brush is nice to help distribute the conditioner.   
That's pretty much all I use regularly.
I don’t have Oro Legacy, but I do have a pair of Oro Russet and they’re definitely pretty red. 
I’ve been buying the Tofl leather laces on Amazon. They’re great. I’ve had the Red Wing leather ones tear on me when pulling the laces right.   
The Tofl ones are really sturdy. 
I’d love a code if you still have some. 
I remember installing Warcraft II and my dad getting all worried because it took 75mb to install. 
You can get a tin of mink oil for a few bucks and it’ll darken it way fast. 
You need to use something oil based instead of something cream based. 
You can kickstart it by using a leather conditioner. Mink oil will cause it to darken immediately.   
I used it to get a jump on my Monowear watch band. 
Mine saved my 7+ from a tumble down a flight of wood stairs where it then bounced into the bathroom and landed screen first on the tile floor.   
I was convinced that the phone was a goner. Just a light scuff on one of the case corners. Phone was still perfect. 
Oh for sure, but wraps aren't cheap. Some of the plastidip stuff is looking pretty good now and that can be done way cheaper.
Huge fucking expensive sticker. A friend of mine got her car wrapped and it was four grand.  
This is a bigger car and the color shifting vinyl is more expensive, so that's probably at least a $6,000 job if you went to a shop for it.
After I took my wife to see Rogue One, she actually said "I kinda want to see the whole Anakin story"  
So we powered through the important parts of the PT in about an hour.
I appreciate your insight. The more I’ve been thinking about it, the more I’d rather hold off and see how he does.   
He really has zero apparent problems and is crazy active. 
His brother is a 7 year old and he’s never had it, as far as we know, being a rescue. 
>I don't know what the status of the tires is on this car...  
  
They don't [look](https://i.imgur.com/ocRqgWe.jpg) too hot.
Meh, it's hit or miss. I think last year was easier due to the infection problems previously.  
A couple years ago, we got to Binnys around 7AM and all of the variants were gone a few people ahead of us.
When I was leaving last year, the person checking receipts said they had variants right at opening.
Hell yeah, the dolla box. And the dude just passed out on the floor.
It’s a grocery chain found in Wisconsin and their beer selection is great and doesn’t have the tourist markups that the Cheese Castle and other places have. 
Woodmans beats all. 
I highly recommend putting some time on it. A year on their fruit beers does magical things. 
It’s not particularly new, but it’s new to the 12 oz format. 
Or multiple people. 8oz is pretty much my BCBS limit. 
How tall are those socks?!
Also, if you don't care about variants, stroll into Costco at 3PM Friday and grab it there for cheaper.
Other articles seem to indicate that this is only a UK thing.
I know that the Tradfri bulbs are compatible with the Hue hub, but only after the firmware has been updated.  
Does anyone know if the bulbs are shipping with the new firmware yet? 
https://twitter.com/rejectedjokes/status/924809633797148677
Yup. You should still be able to lock the door by touching the dimple on the door handle, so you don't need to use the fob.
For sure. His nature fits the format perfectly and he's huge.
This one was great, but with all of the new rumors of sets coming out of the vault, I'd buy a reissued 10212 in a heartbeat.
I'm really loving the real space stuff coming out. Curiosity, Saturn V, Shuttle. I really need to get this one to round out the collection.
I asked my wife if she preferred circling or post-its.  
She kindly reminded me that there's a giant Millennium Falcon in the other room. 
  
I tried.
The helmeted characters definitely work better than the others.  
I've purchased three. Grievous, Phasma and a FO Trooper. I can't not get a Boba Fett.
To be fair, the official word is it lasts through December 31 or while supplies last.  
I agree that they really didn't handle this release well, but I'd expect they're going to have a batch ready for holiday shopping.
My aunt worked with Keanu back in the 90's and said that he was one of the most respectful actors she has worked with.   
Good price too. Just ordered one for my haunted house.   
My wife wants to light up Diagon Alley, so I might revisit that one next. 
Yet another incident that I received notification of on my phone but need to actively seek out on Reddit.  
Suspected terror attack in NYC and nothing on the homepage.
I assumed with the hectic release, the card would take a while.
Hmm... I wonder if I had deleted it right after installing 11.1 beta 1. I hadn't received any beta updates and beta 1 was really buggy.  
I honestly don't recall, but I'm on official 11.1 now, so I guess I won't sweat it.
Probably won’t help for X cases, but I just got a saddle brown for my 8+ off Amazon for $20.   
It was listed as “Used - Like New” but it came in a sealed retail package. 
The leather is slippery initially, but after it picks up some oils, it gets grippier.
> aveilable

Yes.
So does anyone know how to remove the beta profile now?
It's no longer listed under General>Profile.
I wear all of the loop bands this way. It feels more secure.  
Leather loop, milanese and sport loop, I wear them all with the tail coming over the top.  
Interestingly enough, Apple actually recommends wearing the sport loop reversed during swimming for a more secure fit.
Handing out full size bars in these: https://i.imgur.com/TFwt7bU.jpg
Best Buy has consistently had the Klipsch Reference (Icon) line for 50% off on Black Friday. Other online retailers typically have deals, but a lot come up the following Monday as well.
The leather cream will condition without darkening. 
Then you upgrade to the 200gb plan when you realize you can share it and it’s only $3/month. 
I wear the same size in chukka as IR and Mocs. I size a full size down from what I wear in Vans/Chucks.   
The toe of the chukka does taper more, so you might not have as much room in the toe. 
A-Wing is an obvious hole. I’m all for bringing sets back from the dead.   
I think SSD hasn’t been gone long enough. A refreshed Y-Wing would be worthy. Same with the Tantive IV.   
I’d love a Nebulon-b medical frigate and a certain Chinese company is actually selling one now. Same with a Venator class star destroyer. 
I’ve had it three times and while it really is good, at that point, I’d rather get a nice bottle of scotch/bourbon. 
*stone dong
AquaNet was the jam back then. 
Costco had Utopias for $160 a few years back.
$0.06/brick.
Well that came out of nowhere. I'm personally happy to see retired sets come back. Sucks for the resellers, but I'm not going to shed a tear for them.
I received a VIP email from Lego 20 minutes ago.
The eyelets make me think they might be Danners, but I’m not all that familiar with their line. 
https://www.mycomicshop.com/search?TID=27198917. 
The 20’s and 30’s had some interesting media. 
Here’s the rest of the collection. https://i.imgur.com/0CkRSXT.jpg
My grandfather referred to them as eight-pagers as well. 
Looks like Rule 34 existed long before the internet. 
As many have said before, it's not just a cellphone. It's the most used  device in my life. The phone app is probably the least used app on the thing.
Also, the Defender is canon now and no longer EU.   
TIE Striker too. 
He’s come out of his shell a ton. He didn’t even understand toys when we first got him. 
Now do we mean minifig or m’fer?  
Both work in this context. 
I mean, I think they’re too clunky, but I’m not the one wearing them.   
Despite my personal opinion of them, I’m also an adult, so I wouldn’t do the Nelson ‘ha-ha’ if I saw someone wearing them. 
I can’t wait to see what these look like when they start breaking in. 
It's been a while, but I was at the show. So I lived it.
They have lightened up over time. They were super dark the day I applied it.
I mink oiled mine. https://i.imgur.com/ODzByTG.jpg
Eh, it does vary though. The overall flavor of the pepper makes a difference.  
I have a bottle of ghost pepper sauce that's listed at 500k and a bottle of scorpion listed at 750k. The ghost is awful. It really is just discomfort and heat. The scorpion is a really tasty sauce. There's more than just heat.  
  
The reaper pepper is also really tasty prior to the heat kicking in.
Also, the people in the videos are hamming it up for views.  
My reaper experience definitely was an intense 20 minutes or so, but I was still able to function.
There's also a big difference with hot sauce vs actual pepper.  
I put scorpion pepper sauce on just about everything and it's really no big deal anymore, but I tried a slice of a reaper I grew and it was no joke.  
The intensity of the fresh pepper is far higher than sauce.
Keep in mind that if you waterproof too well, the leather won't breathe.
The new Klipsch Reference ones are usually 50%. These are the rebranded Icons.   
The Klipsch Reference Premiere don’t usually get deals quite that good, but there are deals to be had.   
  
I got my RP-250Fs for almost 50% off from Crutchfield. 
I usually wear the wool socks from Costco. $12 for four pair and they’re pretty comfy. 
That was one of the most boner-inducing statements I've heard from the GOP probably ever.


Sierra Nevada Pale Ale was my gateway. It's not an IPA, but it'll ease you into hoppier beers.
I was hoping for more coconut, but as with everything from the Jesus line, it’s a tasty stout.   
I’m going to sit on the other cans for a bit to see what time does to it. 
If they’re oiled up, they should shed water pretty well.   
Just make sure they have time to dry out afterwards.   
I’ve worn all of mine in the rain without incident. 
You have no idea how badly I want all of those Mandalorians in minifig form.
I use the Grave Before Shave Stuff now. Big fan. 
Coconut oil does a better job without being as greasy. 
Been using their cigar blend for a year now. Big fan. 
I used Honest Amish for a bit, but I really like Grave Before Shave now. I use the oil daily after a shower and their balm when I need a little extra control.   
I really like their Cigar blend and my wife loves it too. 
The Snowspeeder is an awesome build.
Valid.
Why would your wife care?
It turns to more of a charcoal grey. You can still see the blue in certain light, but it's way darker now.
A little goes a long way. I’ve done three pairs of boots with it and I still have half a jar. 
I think they’re all switching to the canisters. 
I picked up a pair of 8137 seconds when they were still limited edition. They later became part of the regular collection (although they’re labeled online exclusive).   
I found them at Nordstrom Rack. 
IIRC, all Toyotas have switched to the canister filter.   
At least everything with the Corolla engine has it. 
The cap for the filter often gets too tight. If you’re just on jack stands, there’s not enough room for leverage.   
I had the same problem on my Prius. 
Cool, thanks. 
He's not going to leave the White House until he gets to play military commander.
They're pretty much just snuggle machines. I love em.  
Try to rescue if you can, otherwise find a reputable breeder to avoid some of the potential health issues.  
  
They'll also eat everything, so keep them on a good diet so they don't get overweight.  
https://i.redd.it/tl2sw5ugknqz.jpg
Oh shit. I've never tried that. I'm a fan of the stuff but haven't struck on many cocktails to use it in.  

My 7 year old pug sneezes all over my glasses all the time.  
All the 4 month old one does is lick everything.
2012 CT owner here. I love mine.   
I hate the canister oil filter, but unless you’re doing your own oil, you’ll never be under it. 
That looks like the Robin head that's not on straight.
Seriously, it looked like he was going to keel over at any moment.
And if you’ve seen how often that place has been under water... no thanks. 
Shit, those are dope 
I've had many of these issues as well. I've had to give up on using Google Maps because 75% of the time, the navigation totally locks up my phone and I can't do anything until it resets itself.  
None of the buttons respond at all, but bluetooth audio keeps streaming.
The colors on the website seem to be way off for all of them. Even the box photos are darker.  
I got the dark olive and it's way more light grey than any of the photos out there.
I use the in-wall stuff from Parts-Express as I like the external jacket. Keeps things looking nice.  
Honestly, the one thing that Monster does well is speaker wire. The XP stuff is affordable and probably the most flexible stuff I've used over the years.  
  
Really though, don't sweat the wire too much. Keep it 16ga or lower for best results.
Breakfast Stout + Bourbon Barrel
Wait until you get your hands on a KBS. 
I just can't get behind the oxfords. They're a little too clunky. Works for boots, but not shoes.  
I too have found some nice stuff at the Rack though.
FWIW, there is a non-emergency number for just about every department. Obviously, the response time will vary depending on the size of your town/city.
If OP's first thought is to complain to the internet via GIF, perhaps they're not the type of person that would do that.
It's leather. It's a pretty forgiving material. Mine's seen some shit, most scratches just fade over time and even bigger abrasions flatten out. It adds character.
Call the police. Odds are, there are local ordinances for noise.  
The ones by me are 10PM-7AM. If the noise can be heard from 100' away, it's ticketable... at the very least, the police will ask them to stop.
> You have an I.T. group. Great. That means it's not your job to fix the computers or, if politics are involved, deal with I.T. directly, which is probably why you're being brushed off.

If they're in an academic library, odds are, their IT team handles the entire organization and the library is probably one of the smallest footprints on campus.
I'm not sure how they added the printer, but what your IT team should do is assign either a static IP address or a DHCP reservation and then map the printer using Group Policy.  
This will not only stabilize the printer by ensuring the IP address isn't changing at some point, but also force that printer to reconnect every time the PC reboots.  
  
Worst case, if the printer disconnects after that, rebooting the PC or running a gpupdate /force will bring the printer connection back up.
They didn't quite learn their lesson with the UCS MF either...
For real. I did this last year.   
The year before, we got about 25-30 kids all night.   
I went through 60 full size bars in two hours and had to run out to get a bag of snack size to get me through the night.   
  
Word gets out quick. 
I hope this is easier to get than the female scientists set.
Yeah, I like to think that they're the vampire's kids.
10228
You’ll float too. 
It’s sweetened pumpkin purée with all the pumpkin pie spices (cinnamon, nutmeg, etc). 
Eggs and condensed milk are all that’s needed. 
Really good, but the name totally threw me off. This wasn’t a stout by any stretch. Sour brown - call it a cherry oud bruin. 
As much as my wallet bleeds Lego Star Wars, the Monster Fighters theme may have been my favorite theme. 
They’re just shitty battery powered flicker tea lights. 
Gotta love Forest Park’s combo storm/sanitary sewer system. 
Yeah. I wanted a stout with my steak. It wasn’t what I wanted at the time but I really enjoyed it. 
Just had a New Glarus Cherry Stout.   
I wouldn’t call it a stout at all, it was more of a sour brown, but it was delicious. 
Utopias is good, but it’s barely beer. 
From description:  
> 100% Original Apple.
I wear mine like that all the time. I’ve had a few issues with the Milanese magnet coming loose if I wear it that way.   
The leather loop is also designed to wear the same way, so I just got used to wearing with the tail coming through the top. 
He snorted the candle out pretty quick and then dug in. 
The item description says it’s OEM, so if it comes and it isn’t legit, EBay should cover you. 
‘Twas a joke. 
That being said, it does get mighty cold here. 
/u/NobodyQuiteLikeMe
Also, if you dig HWM, The Draft was essentially HWM minus Chuck Ragan.
My understanding of the stand when it was on Eurobricks is that the stand actually locks into the wells for the landing gear.
Yes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V5lC0ri66PQ
Complete with heart attack?
Only a *little* stress inducing game. 
I have Tofl laces in all of mine. They’re on Amazon. Bunch of colors, cut to fit and the quality is great.   
I find the RW ones to be really stiff, these are softer and hold a knot really well. 
It’ll take a little bit to absorb. And again, it’ll wear in as you wear them.
Some good ones already. But also check out another Chicago band - Smoking Popes.   
I’d also suggest Bayside. I’ve always referred to them as Alk3 and Smoking Pope’s child. 
Assigned seating is *the* reason I've started going back to the theaters. I don't need to worry about getting there ass-early for popular movies, I know I'll have a good seat.  
If it's last minute, I'll know approximately how full the theater is.  
  
I have my tickets to Last Jedi and I know I can just show up right before it begins and take my seat. No waiting in line for hours like I did for Dark Knight.
The Ranger and the Moc are RW’s most iconic boots. I can’t imagine they’ll see much in the way of changing.   
Adding the mini-lug to the IR was a welcome change. They are a little slick. 
The heel changed a bit and they added speed hooks to the top three eyelets. 
They were replaced by the Rover this year. Rounds can still be found elsewhere though. 
At the end of they day, they’re boots and they’ll break in and wear differently on every foot.   
It gives the boot character. 