I’d like to try it out.
Golf story please
Thank you, your honour. 

Today, great justice has been served. Well, only half justice really,  but I'll take it. 

I'd like to thank my friends and family for their emotional support during this trying time. It is only in our darkest hours that we learn who really cares, and who's just in it for the drama. 

I'm pleased to say that I've been inspired by the great work done by this court, and only yesterday passed the Bar exam and became a qualified prosecutor myself. I plan to quit my job as a pet beautician forthwith, and begin a long and distinguished career in arguing. 
[Case filed](https://www.reddit.com/r/KarmaCourt/comments/7vqlri/ubuttons111_vs_urogueops_for_fraud_and/?st=jdc4x72c&sh=e3ffa30b)
I call shenanigans. If you zoom in, you can see there's a build up of grime around the edges of the case. Also a few small marks on the pods themselves, as if they've been used. 
I taught for five years and became increasingly disillusioned. The moment I realized that I couldn’t do it anymore was after a string of meetings in which parents were verbally abusive, and my Head didn’t see it as a big deal. This combined with never-ending workload, unsupportive colleagues and constant scrutiny in pursuit of an ‘outstanding’ Ofsted report meant I just didn’t want to do it anymore. I’m now in the first year of a doctorate in Educational Psychology. From what I can tell, being an ed psych is still hard work, but isn’t quite as relentless as teaching.
Have a great day everyone! :)
Tinycards is a mobile app that lets you work through decks of flash cards. There are loads of different topics, including geography. I’m using it to learn European countries among other things.
Ah, I got it wrong, will edit it now
6623 7135 624 Looking for lots of new friends!
The Good Life? That fits the bit about the conservative neighbour. 
[Red Hot Chili Peppers - Snow?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yuFI5KSPAt4) It has the eeyoo bit. 
Sounds like a game called KidCAD
Username: Buttons111

Starting stats: F/28, 6", SW: 193

Goal Stats: 188

Any other desired NSV/SV in this challenge: Fit into favourite jeans comfortably on the tightest belt hole. 

Let's do this team!
Sorry to hear that. It really shakes you up doesn't it. I went into the back of someone last year and felt bad about it for ages. Hope you're looking after yourself, even if there's no physical injuries the shock can take its toll. 
Of course, go ahead
Stats in flair, username is buttons111
Thanks, I took M4LYLLHH43JA
Vangers? https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vangers
Today’s goals: Pre-log calories in MFP and stick to it. Drink lots of water. Don’t spend all day sat on the sofa.
Try posting this to /r/tipofmytongue
Solved!
Yes! Thanks.

Solved!
No, but thanks anyway.
Was it Dunkirk? I considered a few sober claps as the credits rolled, so stirred was I by the swelling rendition of Elgar's Nimrod. I didn't of course. 
Congratulate face organ.
https://giphy.com/gifs/FE2nQ6r9msuic 
563
Clearly!
TIL
About ten minutes. The hit box for the x to close each tab is very small so I kept accidentally opening tabs. Never again.
Why did I read this exactly five minutes after manually closing hundreds of tabs?
Great job! I think you've got the scale just right. 
Y dough?
1. Animal Crossing: New Leaf - 144:34
2. Pokémon Y - 57:02
3. Fantasy Life - 26:39
4. Nintendo eShop - 18:37
5. Final Fantasy Explorers - 13:57
6. Nintendo Badge Arcade - 13:18
7. Pokémon Shuffle - 13:00
8. StreetPass Mii Plaza - 12:10
9. Ace Attoney Trilogy - 9:31
10. My Nintendo (Zelda) Picross - 8:05

Total Playtime for 2016: 199:30
Total Playtime for 2015: 88:15
Total Playtime for 2014: 132:55
Total Playtime for 2013: 17:51
RemindMe! 2 days Donation for /r/millionairemakers
368
$1 sent via Paypal. Merry Christmas! 
RemindMe! 2 days Donation for /r/millionairemakers
Same here. Says that the user can't receive payments right now. Remind Me! 2 days Donation 

Never mind, it's working now. £3 sent via PayPal.
Remind Me! 2 days Donation for /r/millionairemakers
I think that's 5'11"
Sent £3 using Paypal. Congrats!
RemindMe! 2 days Donation for /r/millionairemakers
I am usually asleep within seconds of my head hitting the pillow. It often freaks my husband out, as I can go from having an in depth conversation with him one minute, to snoring like a drain the next. 
$3 sent via PayPal. Good luck with college.
I am hoping to be accepted onto a professional doctorate course which will ultimately lead to my dream career. In the mean time, my husband and I have just quit our jobs and are going travelling. Exciting times ahead!
Thanks for making my inbox more exciting!
Currently reading 'We Are All Completely Beside Ourselves' by Karen Joy Fowler. I only have two chapters left, so I'm rationing them as I am really enjoying it and don't want to finish it too quickly. I would highly recommend it. 


The last book I finished was 'How To Build A Girl' by Caitlin Moran. This had me laughing out loud on the plane, looking like a a moron, but it was worth it. 
[Now I Know](http://www.nowiknow.com) is usually an interesting read. 
That's really cool. Is it an official Apple band?
No, I quite like the fact that it only shows up occasionally. I like the way that it's unusually complex for an Apple graphic. 
How to calculate Pokemon IVs in Pokemon Go 
I usually just try to avoid the baby, but the other day at work, a colleague who had brought her baby in to visit us was desperate to go and get something from her car and asked if I could hold the baby. It felt rude to refuse. I ended up with the baby sat facing me, on my lap. I had no idea what to say or do, so just kept gently bouncing my knee and smiling at her. The mum was back within 5 minutes, all went smoothly. Would probably do it again. 
Honey mustard chicken with rice. 
Stuck together even when they didn't enjoy each others' company. For several years they were having a really tough time and I seriously thought they were on the verge of breaking up. I remember my mum saying one day that while she loved my dad, she didn't like him very much. I think the feeling was mutual. There were lots of other things going on that was putting strain on them. Eventually, those things disappeared and now they are happier than I ever remember them being. 
I normally go for Pepsi with lime, but always regret it because the smell reminds me of toilet cleaner. 
When you listen to your mother tongue, your brain automatically separates out the incoming audio into the individual words, so that you can understand each word. When we listen to someone speaking another language, our brain can't do this (or at least not as easily) so we hear what sounds like a continuous stream of speech. This has the effect of making it sound sped up. 

Edit: missed a word
Dani California by RHCP
Slow. Came back from holiday on Tuesday night and have spent the rest of the week in a jet-lag fuelled haze. Have done four loads of laundry. Nearly finished the book I started reading on holiday. How was yours?
RemindMe! 2 days Donation for /r/MillionaireMakers
Congratulations! Here's $3 /u/changetip
RemindMe! 2 days Donation to /r/millionairemakers
The Sound of Music
The way she reacts after throwing the dice is super cute.
Available in the UK too.
Congrats! Here is $2 /u/changetip
RemindMe! 2 days Donation to /r/millionairemakers
Congrats! Here is $1 /u/changetip
RemindMe! 2 days Donation for r/MillionaireMakers
Seconding Weapon Shop de Omasse, it's a great concept for a game that mixes elements of RPG, rhythm and strategy.
Thanks for your response. I'm completely clueless when it comes to things like this. Will try changing my face wash. Is there anything you recommend?
Guess I'll have to go back and try again, but knowing my luck I'd get another Zapdos and Moltres!
If you're in the UK, you can get codes for the legendary birds from Smyths Toys Superstores. Only one per customer, luckily my husband was with me so I got two - Zapdos and Moltres.
Tellybob in our house
Congrats /u/Sannyn! /u/changetip, send $3
I'm not sure to be honest as I couldn't put it on my watch. The magnet feels quite strong though. The whole thing looks good.
I teach at a primary school and have recently set up a lunchtime Pokemon club. The first week I turned up with two decks ready to go, only to find that each kid had about 10 cards and was only interested in swapping them for my EXs. ("Miss, I'll give you this Magikarp for your Venusaur, alright?") Six sessions later, I've only persuaded a couple of kids that's it's actually quite good fun to build decks and battle! The rest still just love looking at each other's cards and swapping. Quite cute really, but I'm constantly called upon to judge whether they got a 'good deal' or not.
RemindMe! 2 days Donation to /r/millionairemakers
I'd love to sell please. Favourite song is Changes by David Bowie.
Congratulations! Here is $1 /u/changetip
Added
Added
Added
Added
Added
Cool, thanks very much. Have done yours, here's mine:


Buttons111
http://reddit.com/r/RateMyMayor/comments/46bvyw/buttons111/
5/5 Was kind enough to let me buy a a watering can in their town


http://reddit.com/r/ACTrade/comments/46v1bs/lf_watering_can_ft_hybrid_flowers/
Thanks, I'm on my way!
Added
Added

Added back!

Added
Added
Thanks!
I've got 2 UK Mew codes to give away.
Edit: both gone now
RemindMe! 2 days donation for /r/millionairemakers
I'm in! Been thinking about picking this game up for ages now.
Yep, only just got it! 

Buttons111
http://reddit.com/r/RateMyMayor/comments/46bvyw/buttons111/
Thanks. Have done your RMM :)
5/5 I've visited this town a couple of times now. The mayor is always helpful and friendly. Highly recommended! 


http://reddit.com/r/acturnips/comments/46e04o/reese_buying_for_195_bells/
Thanks, on my way
Hello, I'd love to come if you're still available. Adding you now.
REDDIT USERNAME: /u/Buttons111


FC: 4141-3538-0566


TOWN NAME(S): Lolapalo


CHARACTER NAME(S): Alice


TOWN FRUIT: cherry


TIME ZONE: GMT +0


AVAILABILITY: stated in trade posts
Hi, I'd love to sell please. I'm a big Fall Out Boy fan.
Hi, I'd love to come and sell please.

Hi, I'd like to come and sell please. My friend code is 4141-3538-0566. Adding you now.

Have had this a few times. I've found that it's less likely to happen if I'm in the same room as my wifi router.
Grilled the pork belly strips for 20 mins under a medium grill, turning occasionally. Steamed the kale for about 10 mins. Cooked the cous cous as per the packet instructions.
I used the one in this week's ideas thread, but just added coriander to the garlic butter. I'm normally rubbish with bread, but this turned out great!
I didn't roll them out flat enough. The recipe said to leave the dough in a warm place to rise. I put it on top of my radiator :) and when I came back it was exploding out of the bowl! So that made it really hard to roll it out flat. Meaning that when I baked them, they kind of unravelled. I was a bit disappointed by they taste awesome!

These were sadly very undercooked, but a lot of fun to make, and the couple that I sampled were very tasty. I followed Nigella Lawson's cupcake recipe (which is usually successful), but split the batter into four bowls and mixed in some colour gel. I'm pleased with the colours and would probably do something similar in the future, just leave them in the oven for a bit longer. I couldn't be bothered to make icing, so attempted to pipe marshmallow fluff on top. It was hard work! 
Spaghetti bolognese with garlic bread, followed by sticky toffee pudding. I'm making the spag bol in my slow cooker or the first time ever, so we'll see how that turns out!  
Check out Textfugu and WaniKani, both online services to get you started which you can try for free. You could also buy (or otherwise acquire *nudge nudge*) a copy of Genki which is a very comprehensive textbook/workbook for learning Japanese. I'm currently using a combination of those three and it seems to be working.
I've always been fascinated by the whole Japanese culture. My brother is planning to go and teach English there next year, so my main reason for learning the language was to give him someone to practice with! And also so that I can watch anime in its original language.
Compared to German (which I studied at school from 13-18) I'm finding it a lot harder. I think it's because the writing systems are completely different to English so you have to start from scratch. Also, the fact that I'm studying on my own rather than in a classroom makes it hard, I really have to motivate myself to keep going. 
One of my resolutions last year was to learn Japanese. Since then I've learnt hiragana and katakana (two of the main writing systems) and have memorised about 200 kanji. I can't read or write a whole sentence yet, but sometimes when I'm watching anime I'll hear a word I understand which makes me feel happy :) This year I'm going to use a textbook to start learning some grammar. 
Dad, get off Reddit! 
Ah yes, I remember well the sense of impending doom as you accidentally go past the top floor of the library...
That would be great, thank you.
Hi, I'd really like to visit please, if I'm not too late. FC is 4141 3538 0566
I'd love to come please. FC 4141 3538 0566
Yes please, I'll go and switch my DS on :)
I'd love to come please, hope I'm not too late.
Never mind, on my way
I'm getting errors when I try to visit, I'll keep trying for a few minutes.
Hi, could I come please?
Please could I come?
Hi, could I come over please? FC is 4141-3538-0566
Please could I come? FC is 4141-3538-0566
I've bought three of these from my local supermarket, and received the same three as OP. It's clearly a conspiracy.
I've added you back. My gates are open now if you want to visit 
Sorry, got distracted. I'm back and adding you now.
Added you, my FC is 4141-3538-0566.
Added you, my FC is 4141-3538-0566.
Those look incredible, good job!
I'm so excited! Discovered this sub earlier in the week and have been checking several times a day, waiting for this first post of the new year to appear. Off to the shops! 
Done. Mine is 4141-3538-0566

Added you. Mine is 4141-3538-0566.
Have added you. Add me back - 4141-3538-0566
Hi, I've just added you. My friend code is 4141-3538-0566. I've just got Pokemon Y so if you add me we can trade.
Buttons11860 

I play every day, please add me! 
Six hour, uninterrupted Pokemon sessions. These days I'm lucky if I can find half an hour in which to catch 'em all.
I have just pressed play on your new album for the first time. I've been a huge fan ever since I first heard "The Only Difference" on MySpace nearly 10 years ago. Panic! are one of the few bands my brother and I have in common, so whenever I drive him somewhere we sing along to your songs at the top of our voices. The last gig we went to together was you guys at the UEA in Norwich. You've been such a big part of my life, through the good times and the bad. Thank you, Brendon, for being incredible.
Aw man, I used to have those. Those coins excited me more than anything else in the whole set. 
Classroom Behaviour by Bill Rogers. Full of easy, practical ideas for keeping control in the classroom. I've tried very hard to implement them in my first couple of years of teaching, and they definitely help make the classroom a calm, positive place.
My boyfriend and I are eating one for breakfast in bed right now. So much self-loathing.
Not sure, it was in a book I had as a kid. 
I study and write nonsense poetry with my 5-7 year olds (UK) and they really enjoy it. I usually start with one of my childhood favourites:

I eat my peas with honey.
I've done it all my life.
It makes the peas taste funny 
But I've done it all my life.
Holes
A few winters ago my mum slipped on some ice and banged her head. She was suffering from some memory loss later that evening, but insisted she didn't need to go to hospital. I insisted otherwise as I had a gut feeling that she really needed a check up and my dad took her to the hospital that evening. They did an MRI as a precaution. Turned out she had a tumour the size of a golf ball inside her ventricle which was increasing the pressure the her cerebrospinal fluid around her brain, and could have killed her at anytime. They said she had probably had it since she was in the womb, and they wouldn't have detected it without scanning her as it was essentially symptomless. A few weeks later she had brain surgery to have the (benign) tumour removed, and except for a few memory problems, she was fine after a month or so. 
2001 Daewoo Matiz. 

I'd love a 2006/2007 Honda Civic, simply because I enjoy the twin triangular exhausts. Looks a bit like a robot.
That I completely disagreed with my mother's religious views.
Sorry, I can't afford to take part in an exchange at the moment. 
Please tell me this exists beyond the Internet. If so, I may ditch Strictly to go and buy one.
I got home from work a minute ago and was so thrilled to open the package containing my pin! Thank you so much to everyone who donated, I had a blast playing BGO. Keep on being awesome everyone.
Sure does! Inside was chocolate sponge with buttercream icing, and the outside was covered in coconut. Amazing. 
Hello! I'd like to join the clan, Buttons111 on MTGO. I've been playing for years but only got serious recently. 
This is a really good idea. Not that I have any vested interest of course... :)
Recipe, taken from How to Be a Domestic Goddess by Nigella Lawson

Ingredients

for the macaroons:

1/3 cup pistachios (75g)
3/4 cup confectioners' sugar (125g)
2 large egg whites
1 tbs sugar (15g)

for the buttercream: 

1/4 cup pistachios (55g)
1 2/3 cup confectioners' sugar (250g)
1/2 cup unsaled butter, softened (125g)

2 baking sheets, lined with parchment or wax paper.

Preparation

Preheat the oven to 180°C.

Grind the pistachios in a food processor along with the confectioners' sugar (this stops them turning into an oily mess), until as fine as dust. Whisk the egg whites until fairly stiff, but not dry, sprinkle the sugar over and whisk until very stiff. Fold the whites into the pistachio-sugar dust, and combine gently. Pipe small rounds onto your lined baking sheet, using a plain 1/2-inch nozzle. Let them sit for about 10 minutes to form a skin. Then put in the oven and cook for 10-12 minutes: they should be set, but not dried out.

Remove from the oven and let cool, still on their sheets, while you get on with the filling. This is simple work: grind the nuts and confectioners' sugar in the processoor as before; then cream the butter and continue creaming as you add the nut dust. Make sure you have a well-combined soft buttercream. Then simply sandwich the macaroons together.
That's really useful, thanks 
Buttons111
Good luck to you too, I hope you achieve your goal. Yay tall girls!
Congrats on your great progress!
I'd love to take part in this!
Yay, another tall girl! Good luck :)
No problem! Glad to know that I've motivated someone. Best of luck :) 
That's fantastic, well done!
August 31st.
Yay indeed! Currently building an all-knight commander deck .
One of our cats loved getting into tight spaces. So much so that one day he crawled along the arm of my mum's raincoat (which she had left lying on the floor), and got stuck. It looked so incredibly cute, he was just sat there with only his face poking out of the end of the sleeve. My mum was not best pleased when we decided that the only way to release Dumper from his prison-of-his-own-making was to cut open the sleeve!
Thanks!
Awesome, so does my mum. She always has at least one marble in her pocket. 
Wow thanks :D
Cheers!
Thanks. It was reading your update earlier that made me decide to take the plunge and write an intro. So glad I did, everyone is being so nice :D
Thank you!
Very kind, very kind. 
I am so up for that.
Of course you can add me, I'm into RPGs, platformers and strategy games, but since joining PS+ last month, I'm basically playing whatever is free :)

My current class are an absolutely delightful bunch of young people, but even they have their moments. One tactic that works quite well when it is all going wrong is to do a silly dance. So say they're all getting noisy and running around, I will start goofing about and dancing at the front of the classroom, this attracts their attention and then I can ask them politely to calm down a bit. Or read them a story, good golly do those kids love stories. 


I have just got into collecting Lego minifigs, but in the past have collected everything from Pokemon cards to Pogs. 
Thanks!
That's very kind of you, thank you.
Thanks!
Jimmy earned some serious respect from me that day...
Thank you!
Haha, yeah it does take a certain amount of patience not to just scream at them, like Arnie in Kindergarten Cop. 
Thanks! :)
Thanks! Just getting back into it after a long time off. 
Jimmy: Miss, is it wet playime?

Me: No Jimmy, it's not raining.

Jimmy: But I live in an alternate universe, and it's raining here.

Me: 8l
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JWpe9Bi3PKM


:/ slightly embarrassing old video... :)
Haha, they can be exhausting, but lovely at the same time. Always saying things that make me laugh. 
429 and 173. 


Snickerdoodles were originally conceived by a young child doodling while he chomped on a Snickers. 
Two elephants and a cymbal fall out of a tree.


BA-DUM-TSHHHH!!!!


Or if that doesn't do it for you...

What do you call a fish with no eyes?


A fsh. 
Constructed a super long drinking straw by combining 5 straws, in order to drink my morning cup of tea while still lying down in bed. 
Incinerator scene in Toy Story 3.
Awkward and terrifying. I was too scared of making a fool of myself to actually talk to him.
10am here. Sitting in a Tesco car park waiting for my brother to finish at the dentist, then we're going to the cinema to see Ted. Listening to The Resistance by Muse. Wearing a blue t-shirt, jeans and trainers.
My Mum didn't realise until we were actually at the Olympic fencing on Sunday. She said she couldn't understand why they had just used random shapes for the logo, when 2012 would have made more sense.
Awesome, thanks. 
Your username did not fill me with hope, clicked anyway. 
I got so frustrated on this level once that I tried to chew through the controller wire in rage.
Well, I know what I'll be doing tomorrow.
I was once told by an Apple "genius" that I needed a new iPhone because one of the speakers on the bottom of the phone was not working. I politely told him that it was a microphone, and that iPhones only have one speaker. 


*edit: accidentally a word.
Me too! I spent about 6 hours randomly hopping in and out of cars. I found a good method of parking in the middle of an intersection, then trying all the cars in the resulting traffic jam.
Not available in the UK store :(
Does anyone know what this app is called? Did a quick search on the UK app store but couldn't find it.
My class (5-7 year olds) love this to bits. 
I can draw a horse really well. I teach 5-7 year olds, the girls are all mad about horses. I reckon I average one a day at least. The legs are the hardest part. 
Ohhh thanks, almost forgot in my excitement. 
Yeah, originally by the Prodigy. I guess they're not well known outside the UK. You should check them out :)
My cat's breath smells like cat food. 
And now I finally understand what it is to have fingers covered in Cheetos dust!
I love these guys. Snake Code and their cover of Omen sold it for me. Lucky enough to be seeing them play at the UK Warped Tour in November. 
You mean I spent hours shouting words at my Furby for nothing? NOTHING?! 
Woohoo! Glad they made it. Looking forward to receiving some American snackage from you.
Fantastic! I'm going shopping later today and will ship on Monday. Super excited about receiving yours.
Wow! Will be keeping an eye out next time I shop.
Ooooo, thanks :) No ASDA near me though. And I'm potentially getting graham crackers with some from the USA, so I can finally make s'mores!!
I'd be willing to send you lots of pastilly goodness in exchange for Graham crackers and marshmallow fluff. PM me if you're interested. 
Call her on it. She's not a kid any more, she's a grown up who needs to learn that lying is not acceptable. 
I used to work on the tills at McDonalds. A guy comes in and orders "Big Mac, fries and a chocolate shake." As trained I repeat the order before entering it into the till. "So that's a Big Mac meal, with a chocolate shake." The guy replies, "No, I said Big Mac, fries and a shake." I tried politely explaining that it was cheaper to buy the meal than the items individually, and he just kept repeating his order like I was stupid. Eventually I gave up and called my manager over. All of a sudden, just because the manger was involved, the guy gives up arguing and accepts the meal. I was fuming as I just wasted a good few minutes on him during a busy lunch shift. That job was by far the best motivation I ever had to get the hell back to uni for teacher training!
Everyone knows a British summer is two fine days and a thunderstorm. 
It's okay, I didn't want to sleep tonight.
Thanks. It's really worth it if you stick with it. I found that C25K escalated a little too quickly for me, I took a lot longer to build up stamina than it wanted!
It was on my PS3.
Thank you, I'll edit accordingly.
I'm in the UK and I could send you a selection of "pocket money" sweets. 
In an odd twist of fate, I spent a couple of hours trying to find this song last night, as I remembered it being awesome but couldn't remember who it was by. 
Me too! If we are opposites, we should start a shoe-buying club.
Not quite, but being able to regularly peel dried PVA glue off my hands is one of my favourite things about being a teacher. 
No, but the first time my brother showed me this, it blew my mind. 
Yep. Acid reflux.
Oh yeah. New stationery in general.
With crushed nuts and sprinkles.
Telly bob. My friend's family call it a hoofer doofer.
I work in a very small school, 63 students in total. This means that I will hopefully be able to maintain the friendships I have built with my class even though I won't be teaching them next year. I guess the same might not be true in a larger school. 
Saw some of these in a shop yesterday, massive nostalgia trip. I begged my Mum for some when I was about 9 and she ended up getting me some awesome pink ones. I was convinced that they would get me a boyfriend.
Yes. When I was a kid and got a new pair of trainers, I always felt like I could run faster. 