My nephew basically did this when he was a toddler. “Dad. Look what I found!”. This led to washing and copious amounts of hand sanitizer.
I voted early on Monday. I’m registered as a nonpartisan so I can choose either the Democratic or Republican ballot during the primary. I voted republican specifically so I could vote for someone other than Don.
> It’s weird but sensible. 

Isn’t that Japan’s motto?
Yep. It’s hard to believe it came out over a decade ago. I remember downloading the original version to edit sermon recordings for my church. Heck, they were still recording on cassettes then. 
That’s what I’m doing right now .... and I’m hosting it on Squarespace. However, I guess my employer technically owns it.
Nice!  I have the same razor.  I think I've finally settled on "4".
So basically "at will" employees here in the US.
I like Feather blades myself. 
Oooh. Catnip looks like fun!
60&#37; income tax. Nice!
It's all part of the white, male patriarchy master plan.  Didn't you guys make it to the last meeting? /s
Decade worth of good to great films?  Not so much. Cheesy CGI and bad writing isn’t exactly what I consider great, but that’s just my opinion. I gave up on Marvel after Captain America.

Edit: TFA and TLJ are just as bad as the prequels too.  Porgs?  Jar Jar frickin’ Binks!
The Salesforce Marketing Cloudcast is pretty good. I’m not a Salesforce customer, but I did meet the original host, Heike Young, at a marketing conference a couple years ago.  My conversation with her was the initial inspiration for a podcast I’m getting ready to launch next week.
Over a hill. 99% of the roads in WV are built into hills / mountainsides. I remember going on a trip to Costa Rica a decade ago with people from all over the US. Everyone on the bus was terrified of the mountain roads except for my group from WV.  Same crap, different country for us. 
This happened to me last week. ... I was driving my wife’s car. 
I too live in West Virginia. Get Well Soon?  Maybe if soon is in the next decade.  I drive over a slip each day that they have been repairing for about the last 30 years. At this point there’s probably pavement 10 feet thick. They just keep doing short term fix after short term fix.
The whole right side of the machine is a giant spool of receipt paper. 
We’re a fan of their spring mix. Luckily, I have black seeded Simpson that is big enough to start harvesting in the garden. Soon I’ll also have spinach, chard, collards, kale, and leaf lettuce mix. Also, some green onions starting to poke through the ground.
Diarrhea is still a possibility though.  ...  Just not quite as high as Chipotle. 
This spring is killing us.  We've been holding crops back for weeks now.  I'm just hoping the weather breaks and we have a nice Mother's Day.  However, the way this spring has gone, it'll probably be cold and rainy.
I jokingly thought, “Nah. They’d probably choose Un first.”  .... Then I remembered who they’ve awarded it to in the past. 
That video has a lot of ... grain.
Cheap by necessity.  It's not exactly a business with high profit margins.
You should get a bunch of different designs like the [villain in Last Action Hero.](https://youtu.be/Jo1OjI4Yfv8?t=55s)
As someone who just dropped $8K on IKEA kitchen cabinets, I've been spending waaaay too much time there.
This would be awesome to cast in brass.
I grew up in rural WV.  I my high school we had a few people of color, but that was maybe like 10-15 out of 600 students.  However, two of my closest friends growing up were Korean-American, but having their mom's awesome kimchi was about the extent of my multicultural upbringing.  That being said, my parents taught me to not see color and view everyone equally.  We're all just humans.

When I went to college I rented an apartment and became pretty close friends with my next door neighbors.  I was the only white guy in the building.  One evening I was hanging out next door watching Survivor with Gail and Jada from upstairs came over too.  We were discussing how in the heck do they deal with hygiene during the show.  Jada says something like "I don't know how [insert black female contestant] deals with the kitchen."  Given the context of the show, I knew she couldn't be talking about a place to prepare food.  That's the biggest example that comes to mind.  That was terminology I had never heard before anywhere.  It was like learning some inside joke that white people don't know about.
I could see this working if is was a more plate-like classic, chrome hub cap.  This?  Not so much.
Nope. West Virginia. We have a few hundred tons of Canadian peat in our greenhouse though. :-)
You have triggered the soy boys. 
This man Kerbals. 
Went during Matthew. Can confirm.   My wife and I were on the last flight into Orlando.
> saying he doesn’t matter, he’s just a cog in the machine.

It's far worse than depression.  He might be a communist.
Well gala is the best apple variety.  I would much rather have that than green apple.
My grandma had the exact same thing.  I started off as a small sore on her nose and spread from there.
I work for a wholesale greenhouse that specializes in growing seedlings that then get sold to other growers.  These are actually grown from vegetative cuttings, something we do for our premium finished product line.  I generally get to see trial products a few years before they become available for purchase.  So far the Selecta Headliner series has had Night Sky (above) and Pink Sky (the same, but with pink instead of purple).  This year they are going to have one called [Starry Sky Burgundy](http://www.selectanorthamerica.com/series_info.aspx?phid=048804010039685).  It is burgundy with the "sky" pattern, but it also features a white star in the middle.

Edit:  Also, for the naysayers below.  The photo isn't photoshopped.  Part of my job involves photographing plants regularly.  I have an eagle eye for spotting altered plant photos.
Actually, she did accidentally stab herself in the eye as a child with a piece of wire in an artificial rose.  Luckily, there was no permanent damage, aside from now having a terrible fear of anything eye-related.  It's always funny when they do the puff test at the optometrist to test for glaucoma.  The always jumps back and does this kind of surprised squeal.  I didn't go back with her the last time and I could hear her in the waiting area.
My wife has an eye phobia related to anything in / on her eyes.  I'm sending her this now.
Quite succulent!
This is kinda what the situation is like at my house. I have sleep apnea which causes night terrors so I don’t really trust myself having access to a loaded gun while asleep. So our solution is that my wife has the magazine and trigger lock key on her side of the bed.  Just to test, we’ve set the alarm for 2 am before and did a dry run with an empty magazine.  It took about 30 seconds to get ready compared to around 15 seconds when fully awake.
West Virginian here. Nope ... but heroine is doing pretty well.

Dang autocorrect: Heroin

Also, heroine is that “mountain momma”  y’all hear about.
My podcast has scripted segments mixed with interviews. The key to good scripting is writing like you talk and approach it from a voice acting perspective. I smile, act upbeat and talk with my hands even though I’m setting in a room alone. Also, do multiple takes. I tend to start and go until I make a mistake. Sometimes if most of a take was good and there’s an opportunity to edit it later I’ll do that.  Sometimes I’ll record multiple variations to choose from later. Another good tip is to take notes while you’re recording. I use a Tascam DR-40 so I’ll note file numbers on the script and editing notes for later.
I got married shortly after Gypsy died.  Sadly, my wife has horrible allergies and asthma.  The original plan had Gypsy not passed away was for mom and dad to adopt her.  With my parents being retired and just living down the street, Gypsy spent half of her time there anyway.  Sometimes, if the weather was bad, she would refuse to come home and stay at "grandma and grandpa's".

After we finish remodeling our house, I want to get a chicken coop for the back yard :-D
Those rubber chuck-it balls were the only thing that could withstand the destructive force of Gypsy.  She even managed to rip apart one of those Kong frisbees.  Stuffed animals usually last minutes, but she did have one that was her baby.  She slept with it.  When I would wash it she would look at the washer an whine.  She's still sleeping with it by her side today [under a big hickory tree on my family's farm.](https://imgur.com/FqaePQM)  Dang.  Now I'm crying.
I know that.  It's just that his voice is dead on.
Yep.  I lived on a 25 acre farm so I could let her outside even though the yard wasn't fenced in.  I knew she wouldn't go far.  However, when she got older she liked to lay in the sun on the back sidewalk.
NSV: 5 years ago I got a shirt after the Reddit April Fools day thing. When I got it, it was a bit too small so I just wore it around the house. Since then my wife has mainly worn it as a night shirt because she's a little lady and it's huge on her. I tried it on today, and [it fits quite well.](https://imgur.com/TEglcdq)
Yep.  I know that look well.  I also love the "BRING ALL THE TOYS!!!" strategy.
That's one more.
There's nothing worse than a slobbery tennis ball dropped into your undies as you sit on the toilet with your pants around your ankles.  I had lever-style doorknobs, and like the raptors in Jurassic Park, Gypsy figured out how to open doors.
The alarm is going off in five minutes?  I'd better get in position!
She put on a bit of weight when she got older, but she was still as strong as an ox.  They are built like tanks.  I've seen my neighbor's fall off of a hay wagon onto pavement back first, get up, and shake it off like nothing happened.  Gypsy once ripped off a toenail while playing fetch.  The nail was just hanging by a thread.  She buried her head in my armpit and wimpered while I did surgery with my pocket knife.  30 seconds later she was ready to play again.
Moments before jumping off a cliff in Costa Rica with nothing but a rope that had probably held thousands of people before me.
All blue heelers are loyal to a fault.  Like they take normal dog loyalty and crank it up to 11.  [I miss mine.](https://imgur.com/a/JCJRV)  I lost her about 4 years ago.
Greetings fellow 6a resident.  How's the weather in your area?
Does the ELD mandate apply to buses?
We gave them a nuclear reactor the last time. That worked out well. 
The last time I was at Disney before the recent trip with my wife was when Alien Encounter was new.  The Stitch thing was just a weird experience knowing its origin.
Husband of a West Virginia teacher here.  Give 'em hell!
Yes.  I like the idea of letting it grow naturally.  I just finished editing episode 2 today, and there's already changes I plan on adding to episode 3.  Since I'm doing this kinda on the side for my company (my main position is IT management), my plan is to do the bulk of episodes during the slow time of the year to upload during our peak season.  

Since gardening (the topic of my podcast) is seasonal in nature, I think a seasonal approach will work well.  I'm planning on doing 10 episode seasons with maybe a bonus episode or two during the off season.  If I upload every two weeks starting in May, each season will run May to September.
As someone getting ready to launch in May, this would be awesome. Any advice for those getting started that we wouldn’t find in blog posts about podcasting?
So I just set this up on my site, but it didn't want to play well with Squarespace.  After some Google-fu, I created a bit of javascript to accomplish this.  Here ya go if you use Squarespace.

    <script>
    var meta = document.createElement('meta');
    meta.name = 'apple-itunes-app';
    meta.content = 'app-id=XXXXXXXX';
    document.getElementsByTagName('head')[0].appendChild(meta);
    </script>

Edit: Just for clarification, drop this into the "Page Header Code Injection" section for either the site-wide settings or individual page/blog settings.  For example, I just have it enabled on the podcast blog pages.
I organize my entire production process with [Airtable](https://imgur.com/gallery/Sxkyxnb). It’s a really great service that helped me migrate away from using a Google Sheet to track production.
Really? I’ve never noticed this.
I won by a pretty high margin when my wife and I rode this. ....  My wife said I had trained for years for this ride.  There’s definitely a rapid fire technique.
I stick to public domain / creative commons music licensed for commercial use.  There's some really great stuff available now.  YouTube music library is free to use on projects anywhere.  (Some require attribution.)  Be careful though.  Facebook, for example, has a free music library, but it only applies to projects hosted on Facebook.  I've also paid Kevin MacLeod for music before too.

Edit: I should add that even if a track doesn’t require attribution, I’ll still mention the artist with a quick “The music in this episode is by _________.”  That way I’m at least getting on the record who’s music it is should I need to defend its use later.
It has to do with the fact that they are generators and not motors. 
 The gearing is basically the opposite of what would be needed (among probably a million other factors).

I worked at a coal-fire power plant when I was in college to help pay my rent.  One time they were bringing down a unit and the interlocks that are supposed to disconnect it from the grid failed.  Basically for an hour or so, the generator was acting as a motor.  I was just a glorified industrial janitor, but they all seemed pretty worried.

The scariest thing I ever experienced was an emergency blow down.  A critical piece of equipment failed and the automated system kicked in to vent all the steam pressure from the boiler.  I was on the "fan floor" at the top of the unit on the side opposite the blow down vents.  Imagine standing on top of a 200 foot tall building on a catwalk and SpaceX is launching a rocket next to it.  I had earplugs in and ran into an equipment room to take cover.  I had tinnitus for a few months afterward.

[This video is similar to the sound, but the plant design is totally different.](https://youtu.be/fRpZnkb9vS8)
With all the steam turbines in use (coal and gas) we're talking millions of tons of steel worth of inertia.  It's just not practical to build gigantic flywheels ... unless you're pumping superheated steam through them to generate electricity.
Yes.  That's a problem with going totally solar or wind.  You don't have the inertia of massive steam turbines to help balance the loads.  [This guy explains it better.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5uz6xOFWi4A)
I was torn between the DR-40 and the H1.  I've used a bunch of Tascam products in the past so that is what swayed me.  I have an old Tascam CD-A500 that I got in 1998 that I'm still using.  20 years and still rock solid.
Note to self: Don't use IKEA batteries in my Tascam DR-40.
The only thing that saved me when it went down in the hay field was some curious cows that went over to check it out.  Luckily, they were cautious and kept at a safe distance from this weird bird in their field.
This was great. Those Indian chips sound good .... but I’m on an intermittent fasting diet and haven’t eaten in 24 hours.
Fields are great to fly over this time of year. I have a huge corn field across from my house. I’ll be sad when it gets tall this summer. I don’t want to risk losing my drone in it. It took me long enough to find it when I crashed in a hay field.
I would say that was the orientation of rows previously.
That's probably classified.
I'm 35 years old.  I saw one of these when I was maybe 7 or 8 years old.  My parents thought I was crazy when I tried to explain it to them.  Heck, I thought I was crazy!  This is a life changing GIF for me.
Obviously.  He should be wearing eye protection.
Beautiful!  I love in February when you have a few random rooted liners with blooms.  That little bit of renegade color always brightens my day.
... plus a few million unborn children.
 What lead to the strike in WV was our super secret Facebook group that almost every employee in the state joined. It was through it that we organized the wildcat strike when the first deal was announced by the governor and union leaders. Up until that point the state had canceled school all at once. That night each of the 55 counties had to call off one by one. The amount of messaging in the background through Facebook is what lead to all 55 counties going rogue against union leadership.
Organize and strike!  Sometimes it’s the only way to get things done.
My wife’s a teacher in WV. Her county is extending the year to make up for the strike. June 29th is now the last day and teachers go back the first week of August.  At least we have $2,000 more to spend on the hone remodel now.  Luckily she is on my insurance and not PEIA. It’s still a dumpster fire.
Delete the internet.
Occasionally my wife and I will wake up holding hands. I’ll have to share this fact with her. :-)
It’s like they read *1984* and used it as a blueprint for the future instead of a warning.  Between this and London banning knives, I have desire to visit the home of my ancestors. Also, thanks David L. Morgan for leaving Wales in 1889 and John Lewis for leaving Ireland in 1729.
Next year we’ll have a third special counsel to investigate the second and so on. 
It always is. I don’t drink pop often, but even I could tell a difference.
It was a similar price per liter as the US. The were selling RC Cola, which was also crazy. ... This is making me want an Inca Cola though. I wish we had it in the US.  
It might’ve been a regional thing, but I’ve never seen them here.
That, but being a smallish company, conversations sometimes happen there that we wouldn’t want recorded.
I don’t think you’ll die in 4-5 days without a CPAP. (That is unless you get murdered because of snoring.)
When I was in Peru a few years ago, they sold pop in **3** Liter bottles.
NDAs > Alexa

Sorry. 
What they don’t realize is that I paid my way through college working in a coal fired power plant during the summers. A 120 degree greenhouse in the summer is a bit nippy compared to standing [below a 200 foot tall boiler](https://youtu.be/wySZl6JIwQw) jackhammering bottom ash in the sump pit.
Chantenay?  I just planted some Saturday.  I made the mistake of planting a longer, thinner variety last year, and they became firmly embedded in my soil.  This year I basically dug a trough in my garden and filled it with compost and pro-mix.  That should give them a nice, soft home to grow in.
I've always wondered why they don't expand the monorail network to the other parks.  Aside from the cost of building the stations, the track itself seems like it would be fairly cheap.  Also, it would help eliminate the reliance on buses.

Edit:  Just did some Googling.  Holy cow!  That thing is expensive to maintain.  From a brass tacks, ROI perspective, I say scrap the whole thing!
I think an updated, more futuristic design would be fine.  They've undergone other design changes over the years.
I work in IT for a wholesale greenhouse.  The growers always rib me because I have an "office job" where I can set in air conditioning all day.  The thing is that I love gardening, and I would love to work in the greenhouse.
Same here.  I was in third grade.  I still remember the ride home from my optometrist.  It was amazing!
We know he didn’t get it in London.
You just described what any online marketer worth their salt should be doing.  I’m a one person online marketing department at my company on top of handling our IT. There are tools out there that will do the analysis for you. Go check out products like Cyfe. That’s a tool I use daily.
My company has Facebook tracking “pixels” on our site. If we’re talking analytics, this is nothing new.
We spent the night there thanks to Hurricane Matthew. My wife got sniffed by a bomb sniffing dog because she had to use her nebulizer. I guess someone reported that she was using a suspicious device and they were required to check it out. Security was pretty understanding though considering we were stranded overnight and it was 3:30 am.
Why leave the park to nap? The benches on the second level of the train station are quite comfortable. Also, afternoon is a good time to catch a show or just find a shady spot to people watch.  My wife and I are avid people watchers. LOL. “Look, look, look honey! What’s up with this dude over here?”

Edit: Another fun option is to go for an afternoon monorail ride. We always get the park hopper and spilt our days between MK and Epcot.
Not to mention that the “big ticket items” for Democrats at the national level are considered pretty toxic to most average West Virginians. Heck, Americans in general.  We’re tired of the politically correct, SJW, anti-constitution bull crap being pushed by the radical leftists running the DNC.  I was originally a Democrat, but now I’m a nonpartisan because of their nonsense. The last thing we need is a Bernie wannabe representing our state.
Umm. No.
Save $10 on your next sample!
and my ax!
The “XDP-5” ... Extremely Deep Penetrator ver. 5
Yeah. It also probably has a cute, innocuous name like the Burrowing Prairie Dog or something. When it is designed to punch a hole through feet of reinforced concrete and fill a bunker with a spray of molten shrapnel.
I’m a conservative, but your description was spot on for the first war too. We just need good strategery.
Mid 90s? That’s my jam. 
Actually, this episode is going to include sounds from our growing media mixing line.  I was interviewing a horticulturalist from our peat moss supplier.
bad bot
Also, I'm using a setup that isolates the tracks.  I just finished doing the initial edit of the raw audio.  It sounds pretty good.  
It's work-related.  I just finished the interview.  Luckily, while I was chatting and checking levels prior to starting, the crew went to lunch.  I would love to be able to record from home, but I live in rural West Virginia.  Sadly, Internet isn't available in my community aside from dial up.  We're even too far down the line for reliable DSL.  Sadly, cable internet stops two miles away.
I live about 1,000 feet from the border, the Ohio River. I also have relatives that live in Columbus and my company operates two locations in Ohio. Heck, my county is surrounded by Ohio on three sides. 
My company switched days without letting my street know.  I had to check the schedule on their website to discover that the pick up day had changed.

We also have to drag our cans up to the main road, a very busy state highway.  Luckily, I have a retired neighbor who is a bro and drops everyone’s cans off at the ends of their driveways.
I live on the border in West Virginia. Nope. You share your crappy weather with us. 
I’m trying to create a podcast that is educational for beginning gardeners, but also tells a story. This episode starts off with a backdrop of forest noises and talking about natural soils. Then it transitions to talking about growing plants on an industrial scale and why we don’t use regular dirt. Then it finishes up with an interview with a horticulturist for one of the largest peat suppliers in Canada and how they harvest peat. Then to bring it back to the start, we talk a bit about their efforts to restore previously harvested peat bogs.
I currently record to a Tascam DR-40. I like having the option of just it and two mics for doing interviews in person. Also, the built in mics are good for recording sounds for specific parts of the podcasts. 

For example, I’m working on an episode about potting soils so I have sounds from my company’s production line.  Kind of an audio tour of the facility. It’s interesting to really dissect the individual sounds of various pieces of equipment. The robot that we use to transplant seedlings has a very unique, rhythmic sound.
I do everything in Audacity. I’ve been using it since I got into audio editing back in college somewhere around 2003-2007.

Edit: It must’ve been 2005 according to the website.
Yep.  A couple years ago his wife had to go back to Kenya and then apply for re-entry after her green card expired and the renewal didn't get processed in time.  What was supposed to be a six month stay in Kenya turned into almost 2 years due to good old bureaucracy.  I helped him with some of the paperwork.  The whole process was an exercise in insanity.
I was recently at a new car wash that had a 2 foot drop their lot and the lot next door that wasn't marked or anything.  It was at night, and I nearly drove right off of it had it not been for my eagle-eyed wife.
We're secretly planning a party for a co-worker who is becoming a citizen.  He came to the US 20 years ago, worked for 5 years to save enough money to bring his family, and saved to put his 4 kids through college.  Finally, after 20 years of work, he and his wife are becoming citizens.
Yes to Ojeda, NO to Blankenshit.


That's all we need to know.
I think we’re well past Obama’s red line at this point.  He’s just enforcing the boundaries set by the last president.
I would say this is true for ground deployments. However, good luck trying to shoot down 50 cruise missiles flying at 500 mph.
Cool! A picture during construction. That’s a weird scaffolding. ...... Wait a second.....
Old men and trees or something...
Due to a measurement mistake, we had to eliminate the pantry and just do cabinets to mirror the right hand side.
Beautiful rack! ....  In the entry level / affordable range, I've had luck with the Behringer MDX2600 Compressor.
It's been rough.  We're getting used to it though.  We haven't owned a couch since we got married four years ago.  Our lack of furniture has become a running joke in the family.  Hopefully, we'll have an Ikea showroom for a house in the next year or so.
Remember.  Don't drink and dive.
My wife and I have the [Malm with storage boxes underneath.](https://www.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/S79175978/)  The site says two boxes, but it's really 2 per side.  The casters roll great on our wood floor.

Edit: We also used our existing Casper mattress and platform so we didn't have to buy slats.  It also makes the bed taller.  Great for ... well ...
[We just spent $8,000 on kitchen cabinets.](https://imgur.com/qRFg244)  Any super secret tips for assembly ... especially when working with filler panels?

[Here's the entire remodel so far.](https://imgur.com/a/bytKg)
>Found the food there very bland and pricy

My wife teaches in Cabell County, WV.  This was the school system's experience as well.  [However, things have improved in the last decade.](https://highline.huffingtonpost.com/articles/en/school-lunch/)  Having sampled them myself when my wife brings home leftovers, they have some pretty good lunches now.
... aaaand the bastards will still still dig up fiber.
Right now we're talking 3.6 million people.  They were brought here against their will as children and raised *as* Americans.  If anything, I think they need some sort of expedited path to true citizenship.  Looking at it from a political/social perspective is just wrong.  You're basically saying these people will likely be Democrats/leftists so we should prevent them from becoming citizens.  

What we should also be focusing on is why weren't these people sent back to their home countries sooner?  It's much easier for a 5 year old to adapt to being sent back to their home country than it is for a 20 year old who has never been exposed to their own culture.  We need to deal with the dreamer issue, but we also need to correct the holes in the system that lead to their creation.
I don't trust fully computer-based solutions in general.  I use Skype or Google Voice (if I need to an interview by phone) and pipe it out of my computer into a mixer.  Then I use an aux send to do a mix minus back to the PC and send the main output to my Tascam DR-40 set up for 2 track recording.  That way I get me on one channel and the interviewee on the other channel.
Yep. I got called last week because a thermostat at one of our stores wasn’t working. Not my problem, but I suggested they look to see if it takes batteries. That was it. 
Some types of cheap, fake henna are made using silver nitrate. Not good stuff to be putting on your skin. 
I say we go the opposite route and make them citizens i.e. taxpayers.
Heck, you have that in just my county. The northern end of the county has one of the best high schools in the state. The southern end is the exact opposite. I graduated from the northern high school and taught at the southern one for about a year after college. I think a big part of the difference is both poverty and geographical isolation in the southern end.  

I would hear two common things among my students. “You speak different. Are you from some other country?”  This was because I lacked the West Virginia accent that was very thick in that end of the county. Due to easy access to the border, people in my area have more of an Ohio / Mid-American accent.   Kids in the southern end thought I was British because I used “big words”.  (I taught science.) The other thing I would hear repeatedly was “I’m just comin’ to school til I get my baby and my check.”
[My first thought.](https://youtu.be/mpMg1upld0w)
[GARDENING] **Keep Growing** | Season 1: Episode 1 (Demo)

SFW

[Soundcloud](https://soundcloud.com/john-r-morgan-1/s1e1-keep-growing-demo2)

This is the first episode / demo of a podcast I'm working on for my company.  It's been in the works for around a year now.  I actually posted a demo here before and have made some major changes since then based on the feedback I received.  The plan is to release it in seasons every two weeks during the summer months, so 10 episodes spanning May to September each year.  That gives me time to produce new content during our seasonal downtime. 

It is going to be geared toward new gardeners.  Most of the gardening podcasts focus on people who already know how to garden so they assume that listeners have a ton of prior knowledge.  My approach is to focus on absolute beginners, but also make it informative for all skill levels.

Any feedback is welcome.
I originally started off with the idea of producing a podcast in the ten minute range.  Then, when I started lining up interviews and topics, it has ballooned to the 30 minute range.  Probably the best short-form podcast in Mike Rowe's.  Personally, I like anything in the 30 minute range because I can knock that out during my commute.
Heck, adult me would love this view too.
Squirrel gravy and biscuits are where it’s at. 
We actually use municipal water at our facility. However, we run it through our own treatment plant. Reverse osmosis filtration, ozone and UV treatment, and then we inject sulfuric acid to adjust the pH and a copper ionization system to protect against fungal growth. I like to say that our water is cleaner than the local tap.
I read similar reviews about the queen size Malm. We’ve had ours for about a year with a Casper mattress and foundation. It’s solid as a rock! No squeaking, creaking, or anything.
David Niven.
Yep. My company contracts out to a company that does nothing but fire extinguishers and other fire fighting equipment. We have a 25 acre greenhouse facility so it would just take too much time for an employee to do. As for testing eyewash stations and showers, those of us on the safety committee trade off each month. We have acid injectors and pesticide mixing areas throughout the greenhouse so it is important that eyewash stations and showers be working.  Although we tend to opt for less harsh pesticides, getting something like a concentrated insecticidal soap in your eye wouldn’t be fun.  They tend to mix concentrates that then get pulled into the irrigation water in measured amounts.
Twas a sad day for the classic knife lover. Personally, I’m a fan of Case knives. I use a Russlock as my EDC.
The tongue is the best cut of meat on a cow.  (Unless you’re cooking up some “calf fries” while making steers.)
Hunter here. Deer are OK, but squirrels are my favorite. 

Edit: You city folk are missing out. Yeah. There’s no way I would eat a squirrel from a city. Mine are from deep in the forest on my family’s 25 acre farm.  For them their only encounter with anything man made is when they come in contact with a .22 bullet.

Squirrel is hard to describe. It’s a bit of a cross between chicken and pork in flavor and texture. Personally, I prefer it slow cooked either in a crock pot or wrapped in foil over a low fire when camping. Rub it down with seasoned salt and stuff it with apple slices. Delicious!  There’s easily enough meat for a couple people.
You must’ve saw the backflip dude yesterday.
>Prawns in space

Fookin’ prawns!
... unless you’re a communist.
Here’s the thing. If you’re reading this comment, you’re among the richest people on earth.
Which season? Snow or road work?
Dang. So maybe we *do* need to advertise on the radio more.
“Brrilliant”
No. This desert has only one “s” because you only order it once. 
How can a radio station carry this crap?  I would put pressure on their other advertisers. I know my company wouldn’t want to advertise on a station willing to air this guy’s ads ... and we’re all conservatives! .... Also, radio is a dead advertising medium anyway just like newspapers.
What makes you say that? /s
Now *this* is pod racing!
I miss old blue.

I also almost rear ended a Pinto once.  Took out a mailbox instead.
Exactly!  I had mentioned that I support a Windows environment at work, but that's mainly on the office side of things.  Out in our production facility everything is running on Linux.  We have a robot that been running 24/7 for the last 60 days during our peak production.  [I don't think we could get the same reliability if we were running it on Windows.](https://youtu.be/UC4vz6IbdtY?t=59s)
>1980 Chevy Nova

My first car was a [1987 Nova](https://imgur.com/PiWLuEe).  I was still driving it occasionally up until I sold it a couple years ago.  The new owner is still driving it.  Much like Linux it was very reliable. ... Also, it didn't have cup holders.
I had a similar wound on the palm of my hand from shoveling without gloved and wearing a huge blister into my palm.  I didn't feel it until the blister popped.  Then when the underlying layers dried out it cracked and got even worse.  It was a very slow healing process, but I was lucky that I didn't have permanent nerve damage.  However, it did change the pattern of creases on my palm.
Use whatever works for you. People are reading too much into this. I’m not a gamer so it doesn’t really bother me that Ubuntu isn’t terrific for gaming.
She just thought I was using Libre office instead of M$ Office. It lets you save files in Word file format so there was no problem with portability.
We’re stuck on W7 at my company because our production software won’t run on anything newer. However, we are in the process of working with a company to design a completely new system.  We’re shooting for a beta version by this fall and roll out by spring 2019.
So you use Ubuntu?

My wife, the most computer illiterate person I know, typed her thesis on my laptop running Ubuntu. Only later did she realize it wasn’t a version of Windows.  She recently tried Windows 10 on her sister’s laptop, and said it was much harder to use.


Edit:  Dang. There’s some butthurt Windows fanboys here.  I’m not saying that Ubuntu is better than Windows. I support a Windows environment at work. It’s just that the average user really sees no difference in their capabilities when it comes to day to day use like typing a paper.
It needs a pile of orange barrels around Columbus.
My account just switched to free and I really didn’t notice a difference with what I’m using it for. I mostly use it for planning my content marketing strategy. I tend to plan quarterly so there’s no way I’ll go over the basic plan limits.  Basically, I’m creating a new base each quarter.
Not on the list. Thank goodness!
She also attacked another senator for his government handouts. (Meaning his military pension.)
Yep.  Also, a single head of lettuce isn't exactly going to support a crew for very long.  They need to be looking a large scale production and the complexity that comes along with it.  I handle IT for a company with 25 acres of greenhouses.  We rely heavily on automation, but there's still tons of manual labor.
"The teachers have to understand that West Virginia is a red state and the free handouts are over." -WV State Senator Lynne Arvon
That’s your basic water redistribution system. It’s distributing it equally among everyone else.
Thanks

-West Virginia 
I have a full first aid kit in an ammo box in my Jeep. Those boxes are rugged and waterproof. ... It’s also handy to take with me to the local shooting range.
Did they send you...
Did you come here...
...to kill me?
A braided belt can be buckled anywhere as opposed to one with set hole positions.
I took a first aid course and immediately switched to wearing a braided belt.  I basically have a tourniquet with me every day.
sudo apt-get parachute
Yep. My top three are Wrath of Khan, Temple of Doom, and Empire Strikes Back.

I was lucky to be born in 1982 in the middle of what I consider the golden age of science fiction. I got downvoted last week for saying the Marvel and DC movies are utter crap, but they can’t hold a candle to the movies of the 1970s to 1990s.  

This period begins with Star Wars ANH and ends with the first (only) Matrix.  Really it was CGI that killed this period of awesome movies. Great writing got replaced with mediocre CGI.  Instead of thinking of witty ways to write and shoot scenes to compensate for a lack of the ability to produce a visual element, directors were able to computer ex machina their way through entire scenes.
It’s only a problem if you’re a commie.
Mmm. Capitalism. It’s delicious!
Watch them in chronological order. Temple of Doom is a prequel.
I work for a wholesale greenhouse and we have this exact model of pack mule. Also single seat and flatbeds. I think of this every time I drive one.
Pay a couple IT folk $60/hr overtime or pay for an entire office for 8 hrs of doing nothing?  It doesn't take Donna from accounting to explain this math.
Yep.  [I spent $8,000 yesterday on our kitchen.](https://imgur.com/qRFg244)  We got 15% back on a gift card.  However, keep the order number.  Anything else you buy for the kitchen assembly you can get 15% off at the check out.  For example, we bought the handles ourselves yesterday to save the order pulling fee.  We showed them the original order, and the did an in-store coupon for 15%.  Also, we had a few items on back order that we didn't pay for yet.  (I'm looking at you, Havsen.)  When they come in we'll also get 15% off even if the sale is over.
[I just spent $8,000 at IKEA yesterday.](https://imgur.com/qRFg244)  We bought all of our kitchen cabinets.  Everything but the kitchen sink. ... It's on back order.
Go! Go Line Ranger!
A German supplier with an IKEA product name.
THIS. Reddit has proven they can’t be trusted with assault-style ban hammers.  Also, happy cake day!
So 2nd Amendment > Spez?
This is the Easter Story I needed this morning.


*Up from the bed he arose!*

*With a mighty rumbling down below!*
Aw jeez. I shouldn’t reply this early in the morning. 
Somebody can’t recognize sarcasm.
The key is to split the meniscus for the best accuracy.

This is bringing back good memories of teaching high school chemistry.  That was the one class I enjoyed during my short teaching career before going into IT and online marketing. My degree is in high school biology and technology education.
... with glass pippets!
Really this is the most lawyer-like way of doing this.
> divisiveness of the right media and Republican Party

[Riiiiight.](https://youtu.be/37OWL7AzvHo)

Correction.  Most *true* Christians.
This is probably their next ad campaign.
As a Christian, this was my first thought.  Most Christians see through the lies of these prosperity gospel charlatans.  

To also quote Jesus, "On that day many will say to me, ‘Lord, Lord, did we not prophesy in your name, and cast out demons in your name, and do many mighty works in your name?’ And then will I declare to them, ‘I never knew you; depart from me, you workers of lawlessness.’"
All ice cream in Florida is technically a milkshake.
My cousin is a judge. He and my dad have had a prank war for years. Just for kicks when my dad was visiting he had the deputies take him into custody.  He spent the entire afternoon in a holding cell!

Before he was a judge he was a personal injury lawyer. We visited his office once just after he had hired a new receptionist. Dad goes limping in and tells the receptionist that he fell on the steps outside and he’s going to sue them.  (As a side note, said receptionist got fired and arrested for embezzlement.)
Heck, I work with one. “Hey, when you get a chance can you organize these cables behind this printer in our office it’s really ugly.”  Meanwhile, I’m troubleshooting a $500,000 robot on our production line that’s been offline for 8 hours.
“I work in IT...”

Say no more.

I once bend the output tray on one of our label printers by kicking it. ... It now has a label inside that says “I’m a piece of crap!”
I love soda bread. Plus it’s so easy to make. If I’m cooking something that doesn’t require the oven for dinner, it’ll usually be accompanied by soda bread. Also, it makes amazing toast and jam for breakfast.
I work in a small office next to our main production facility. There’s just five of us in the building (accounts, HR, IT, etc.), and it’s laid out so that we each have an office surrounding a lobby in the middle. Then down a hall in the back is a copy room, various storage rooms, a conference room, and a kitchen.  

Anyway, we all have similar ringtones on our Cisco desk phones. This sometimes creates confusion if you’re not in your office, but hear a phone ring. Is that call for you?  Also, when someone dials “0” in our phone system all five of our phones ring since the five of us are basically the operator.  We also have a phone in the lobby for employees and guests to use. I ended up adding it to the operator list and setting it with a different ringtone (actually the Cisco tone made famous by the show 24). That way we know when it is an operator call and not just our individual phones. 
It’s basically a section of pipe with copper plates inside. An electric current is run through the plates so they release ions into the water. It is a good replacement for using copper sulfate.
Do you use copper ionization?

The rain has been a pain for us too.  Also, the flooding along the Ohio River and the teacher's strike in WV created labor issues this spring.  The flood was the big thing though.  It set us back about a week with our finished production.
[As the husband of a West Virginia teacher who heard about the potential strike in OK...](https://media.giphy.com/media/3o84sw9CmwYpAnRRni/giphy.gif)
[I’m surprised he didn’t just email them.](https://youtu.be/1EBfxjSFAxQ)

“Dear Sir/Madam:  I’m writing to inform you of a fire that has ....”

No. That’s too formal.
Nah. He’s too awesome to do that to. Plus, I have my own Legos to play with at home.
I love food and I love cooking. The key for me is that I now make an effort to fix healthy, flavorful foods. Sure, I love a good meatloaf smothered in BBQ sauce, but that’s something I have to enjoy a treat every now and then. The same goes for chocolate. At my heaviest, I was eating a candy bar every day. Now I might have one every few weeks. I find I enjoy that much better.
My wife always laughs when I fire up a MBMBaM episode.  She went to high school with them.
I finally got to play with the Ninjago Lego set we got my nephew for Christmas.  Sadly, he had lost some of the pieces.
Well that is where the term “disarm” comes from.
bubbarke?
Bobby Drop Tables cousin?
Nah see the Nazis were nationalist socialists.  That's different.

Edit:  Plus, they only killed like 6 million people compared to Soviet Russia's 9 to 50 million (depending on which historian you read).
I think you mean "capitalism".
That's kinda like saying the German Workers' Party wasn't all that bad.  It was Hitler that gave them a bad name.
Yeah.  Genocide, gulags, and famine are all pretty great.  Shoot, I forgot to add in all the dead soldiers too.

Edit:  I haven't triggered this many commie bastards since I got banned from /r/pyongyang
We need you to draw seven red lines, all perpendicular, with two in green ink, and 2 in transparent ink....
It sure beats my poster paper and three desk lamps at work that I’ve used in a pinch before. 
And yet today as a 35 year old man I sat through a billion slide PowerPoint so I could get a certificate saying I attended [insert stupid corporate training I’ll never use]. I guess I’ll just stick it in a file with the other 142 participation certificates.
Possibly [Iridium Flares](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Satellite_flare).
[I still have a boatload of these on the network.](https://www.officedepot.com/a/products/720811/StarTechcom-1-Port-10100-Mbps-Ethernet/?cm_mmc=PLA-_-Google-_-Networking_Cables-_-720811-VQ6-51194803556-VQ16-c-VQ17-pla-VQ18-online-VQ19-720811-VQ20-102705222596-VQ21--VQ22-624116875-VQ27-10596079436&mrkgcl=1104&mrkgadid=3115168391&rkg_id=h-f1c7345b837ef3a1aa940f1cd75374ca_t-1522071533&adpos=1o5&creative=51194803556&device=c&matchtype=&network=g&gclid=Cj0KCQjwtOLVBRCZARIsADPLtJ1tk-assU5ZuZj5rXzmD2ZDOSS8MBjJzjOZh9ZRCHBElMBdqZws11YaAoxXEALw_wcB)  Heck, I have a [20 year old label printer](https://www.loda.com/media/files/TXPSX_OpManual.pdf) setting behind me right now with one of these that gets almost daily use.
I hate manure!
You don’t have Urgent Care where you live? At my local hospital you wait 30 minutes at most to be seen. You arrive, check in, wait 5-10 minutes, get called back to a room to get your vitals and preliminary tests, and then maybe wait another 20-25 minutes to see a doctor or nurse practitioner (depending on symptoms).

The wait used to be longer at this hospital, but they completely upgraded their process in the last few years. They also added a nice app for tracking appointments and medical records. For example, when they check your vitals and you go back to wait, I usually get a notification on my phone that my medical records have been updated. You can also send direct messages to your doctors with the app.
The penis mighty, Trebek!
Go to Peru or Costa Rica for some great seafood. I was pleased with coastal restaurants in both places. They stick out among their neighbors.
Thanks! This is great info. She’s already on antihistamines because of allergies and asthma. We’re pretty sure everything is connected - allergies, asthma, endo, IC, and premature ovarian failure.  It’s been a rough few years trying to sort everything out and develop a treatment plan. I wish we could find a doctor that could look at the bigger picture. Instead we have a bunch of specialists and no real answers.
FaceX
As the online marketing manager for my company, that was my first thought as well.
This is the real truth, but it doesn’t fit the narrative they’re going for. By “big data” you mean any business using analytics. I manage social media marketing for my company. It’s amazing how much data you can access through the tools Facebook makes available to any business account.
Sheesh some people don't know how to take [a joke](https://youtu.be/dEkOT3IngMQ).
I didn’t know Beau Bridges had a cameo.
I knew widescreen showed more, but, like an idiot, I thought these newfangled widescreen TVs won’t catch on. As a result, much of my early DVD collection is 4:3.  At the time it kinda made sense because flat panel TVs were much more expensive and almost no TV channels were broadcasting in HD.
They all probably come from the same factory in China. 
Awesome! Thanks for the tips. Her urologist wanted to put her on these pills, but the cost after insurance was $300 per month. I would gladly pay that much, but she wasn’t willing to. Also, the side effects sounded worse than IC. 
I don’t really have anything against them. It just isn’t my thing. My collection consists of science fiction and period pieces so I tend to have pretty weird tastes in movies. .... Although the period pieces are mainly my wife’s doing. 
I think it is just the fact that there’s so many of these movies. How many Spiderman movies do we need?
So they basically became a US fast food chain.
Heck, not even pregnant. Reese’s are my wife’s favorite candy. Sadly, she recently developed a bladder issue and one of the doctor’s recommendations was to eliminate chocolate. :-(
Dang. You Canucks sure are weird.  Tim Horton’s is ok though.
You just summed up why I gave up on the whole superhero/ comic book movie genre. Captain America Winter Soldier was when I called it quits.
[I just finished up a high school ag class tour of our facility a few minutes ago.](https://www.instagram.com/p/Bgo1XQShOIP/)  We supply tons of high school ag departments in the region.
> The real solution will come if/when they gut the state's education bureaucracy.

Exactly.  ....  Sadly those working to dismantle the WVDE and return power to the counties were the same dudes holding up everything.
Crap.  Forgot about the "no memes" rule. Deleted.
Skip to 30 years later and his grandson is walking around Endor with a metal detector.
OOOOOBA
[This gave me an idea.](https://imgur.com/mKbJWly)
I just took a look at the front page. Yikes. [It was stumbling into a klan meeting by accident.](https://imgur.com/gallery/c4l0M)
For now ...

8 hours later and we’re still alive.
Yep. You had the Obama campaign being praised for its use of social media data. THIS is the exact same thing. I work in social media marketing. What the Trump campaign did was nothing new.
Watch out. You might get this sub banned.
Frickin libtards
I had a sheltie that actually passed at my vet’s house. She got hit by a car while attempting to follow dad across the street. She was relatively OK except for a broken tail. Our vet did an amputation and took her home so he could keep an eye on her that night. He said their dog came and got him. She had passed away. His theory was that the anesthesia was just too much considering she was 17 years old.
I have a spray bottle of electrical contact cleaner. Will that do?
[You know it.](https://media1.tenor.com/images/bd15a22e4223ac5e429e975cf6571039/tenor.gif?itemid=5108110)
There's a difference though between making it up within the context of the bigger picture and making it up just because.  It seems like TLJ was the latter.  For that (and space Vegas) is ranks somewhere below the Star Wars Holiday Special for me.
Giddy-up.
I went to Marshall. Our EDCs now include Narcan. 
Herd.
I like how this was just a wardrobe department recycling costumes thing, but it is perfectly explained by Kramer’s character.  Heck, I can imagine Kramer getting it at the local Goodwill.
Wait. Wait. Wait. So you want *more* people killed?
Heck, I manage volume licensing at work and got tripped up by my wife’s new laptop over the weekend. She wanted Office Home and Student on it. It came with Office already installed, but not activated. No problem. I’ll just buy a license key, plug it in, and be good to go!

NOPE!  It turns out (after 2 hours on the phone with M$) that it had “Office 365” installed on it, not “Office Home and Student”. I had to basically uninstall Office to install Office. Not only that, you have to log in with the email address you bought the license key with in order for the activation to be successful. (I had bought it with my account.). Luckily, you’re able to switch it after the install.

Somewhere around the start of hour two my wife shook her head and said, “Don’t you do this for a living?” Embarrassing. Screw M$! I’m installing Ubuntu at home!
Once you get outside of most cities it is the greatest place on earth. I moved just 40 minutes north of Huntington and it might as well be Mayberry. Since the bulk of the US is “flyover country” according to city folk, they miss the best part.
I still have a 2003-R2 running in Hyper-V that is the core of our production system.  I've been begging for the last few years to replace the system, but it was never in the budget.  Finally, we just hired a software design company to build a new production system.  Our problem is that our industry is so unique that you can't exactly buy off-the-shelf software that matches our process.  Then, over the last 12 years we've tacked patches and little hacks onto the current system.  This company is doing a full business process review and starting from scratch.  We're looking at probably a couple million at least.  I'm our sole onsite IT guy (along with many other duties) so I rely heavily on outsourcing projects like this.
Forget that! Let's talk about licensing....
Still have an SBS 2003 VM in our environment.

* *sobs quietly at desk*
What's your logic here?  You would rather we not stop shootings?
Due to my height and my wife being short.  Even at our ideal weight we would be looking at 70 lbs difference.  Currently, it's closer to 115 lbs.  I'm literally twice the weight of my wife.  As a result she'll always be on top :-)  However, I'm making pretty good strides at reducing the difference.  Down 30 in the last three months.  About 40 to go.
I lived in Huntington, WV (opioid capital of the US) during college.  I heard gunshots and screaming outside my apartment one night and called 911.  Police never came.
I'm all for some stricter regulations when it comes to owning firearms.  I think there needs to be some sort of licensing similar to CCW permits for general firearm ownership.  For example, my state requires that you need to at least take a basic firearm course.  If we require a test to drive a car, we should probably do the same for guns.
> reducing overall gun ownership is a good idea

I think the key distinction here is legal vs. illegal gun "ownership".  For example, CCW permit holders are [6 times less likely to commit a crime with a gun ... than police!](https://www.dailysignal.com/2016/08/09/these-gun-owners-are-least-likely-criminals-report-finds/)
What do you propose we do?  Gun control works so well in places like Chicago.  I mean schools are already "Gun Free Zones".  Shucks! It's almost like criminals don't follow the laws.  The bottom line is that the only things gun restrictions impact is the ability of law abiding citizens to protect themselves from criminals.
However, 26 die at a church in Texas and it gets swept under the rug pretty fast because it was at a church and the shooter was stopped by an NRA instructor armed with an AR-15.
[Gloom, despair, and agony on me!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZAAKPJEq1Ew)
Nah.  The media will bury this story because there was a low body count, and a good guy with a gun doesn't fit their agenda.  Let's see it it hangs around in the news as long a Florida.
Where does Civil War II fit into this?
Yep.  I'm the sole male heir in my family.  Our name dies with me.  All that I heard from the moment I graduated high school was "When are you going to get married?"  Then, at 30, I finally got married. ...  After years of going specialists and trying to conceive, it turns out we can't have kids.

However, I do have to say that all of the questioning comes from relatives.  My parents are very understanding.  I was an unexpected child myself due to my mom's health problems.  They totally understand our situation and have been massively supportive.

As for taking care of our parents, my wife and I live between my parents and hers.  When we bought our house we took into consideration that they'll most likely be moving in at some point.  We're planning on converting the garage into a mini apartment if needed.
[That reminds me of this.](https://youtu.be/XOtN_hOAOcQ)
[Here ya go...](https://youtu.be/MpRRB6q8hxc)
She worte de corde!
Yep. I’ve been in the greenhouse industry for about a decade. I’m always surprised by how companies work together and help each other. Even huge greenhouses are willing to share their knowledge with other growers and help each other. 

When hurricane Sandy hit a few years ago a competitor was severely damaged. We and a few other greenhouses took on their production at no extra cost. That way they wouldn’t have a interruption to their cash flow and would be able to recover faster. 
I happen to be the IT manager for a large wholesale greenhouse so I have tons of friends that know waaaay more than me when it comes to gardening. However, I was a biology teacher prior to becoming an IT dude.
You can thank my iPhone battery for that. 
NO ...   ^(I work in marketing.)
I write gardening articles and recipes for my company and [covered it last summer.](https://www.bobsmarket.com/recipes/haymakers-punch)  I didn't want to be spammy with my own article.  It's a bit of an acquired taste, but I got hooked on the stuff.  I don't use nearly the amount of sugar / molasses the recipe recommends.  It's a drink that's as Murican as Gatorade.
I just bought this property a couple years ago, and the previous owner had had a garden there for decades.  I sent a sample to my state extension last fall for testing.  I amended it in the fall and spring according to their recommendations to get the nutrient balance even across the garden.  Now that I hopefully have a good baseline, I should be able to start building the soil naturally through crop rotation and composting.  The soil is silt loam along the Ohio River so it is pretty awesome to begin with :-)
It definitely was.  I drank a few glasses of [switchel](https://www.almanac.com/blog/cooking/cooking/switchel-or-haymakers-punch-recipe) when I came in, and and had a plate of beef roast and veggies for dinner. I was back to normal this morning.  I've been averaging about 2-3 lbs of normal weight loss per week.  I'm about 1/3 of the way to my goal weight.
I tilled in lime and ammonium nitrate yesterday based of the test results I got in the fall.  I had also limed the soil in the fall according to my extension office's instructions.  [I had a great garden last year.](https://imgur.com/vaeMYU2)  This year should be even better!

[Also, here's a video I did about getting the soil tested.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D7vL7VjdhrY)
I've been on a diet since last year.  I weigh myself every morning.  Yesterday afternoon I put 200 lbs of agricultural lime on my garden and [tilled it in](https://i.imgur.com/6PWrS2S.gifv).  I dropped 5 lbs in a matter of 5 hours.  It's amazing how much weight you can drop just by working up a good sweat.
Well that's in my YouTube history now...
Not really a million dollar idea since it is industry specific, but I've always wanted to build a system for wholesale greenhouse growers to record crop treatment data.  Our current system consists of growers filling out the form required by the dept. of ag. and then an intern keying that data into a database.
Yeah.  The mid-terms usually swing to the opposite party.  We might complain about the opposite party, but that really what makes our system work.  You have the two extremes hopefully reaching a balance somewhere in the middle.
Umm. No.
Nah. The lunacy of the extreme left is going to SJW Trump into a second term.  Unless the Democrats start running more center left people like [Richard Ojeda](https://youtu.be/pqsa0c8lHv0) in West Virginia, they’re not going to win.
Also, do these kids use fossil fuels themselves?  I'm assuming they use electricity, have products that generate pollution during their production, ride in cars, etc.  It's a bit like Bernie Sanders complaining about the rich while relaxing at one of his multiple homes.
Meh. I’ll pass.  ...  Waiting on Orville’s season 2.
Free narcan for everyone!
I’m a little bit before you in the process. My last purchase was “Pre-Seed” fertility-friendly lubricant.  With 20,000 we could build an epic slip-n-slide in the back yard.
I've been to Peru.  They're quite tasty too.
Poor Archie.
It's OK.  You guys can just set this one out.
We have all the anthers!
We need someone to pass legislation guaranteeing that first amendment rights extend to social media platforms.  It could be done federally, but even state by state would probably be effective.
My cousins actually dock their Australian Cattle Dogs because they raise horses.  Not surprisingly, they were dogsitting her while I was on vacation when the incident happened. Luckily, my cousin is a vet and was able to administer pain killers and operate minutes after it happened.

Edit: I guess it would be like breaking your leg while at a hospital.
In between the *thighs*.  FTFY
Heck, my wife and I are struggling with fertility issues.  We would love the chance to try experimental treatments.  Right now our only option is a donor egg.  Meanwhile, libs are busy murdering their babies.
Our house had had a fire in the living room so all the floors except for the kitchen were replaced. They also put on a new roof and replaced large areas of plaster. However, all of the walls were originally textured and they did a terrible job blending in the repairs. That was a big reason for just drywalling over everything.  We live next to a busy highway, railroad, and a dam on the Ohio River so the additional drywall helped with soundproofing.
I had yellow and black. [Here is the progress so far.](https://imgur.com/a/bytKg)
Thanks! I’ll let my wife know. LOL :-)
It's kinda embarrassing, but eHarmony.  [I'm a lucky guy.](https://imgur.com/dtBv2MM)
As someone with a 1960s ranch house, I need this.
I thought she was cute, but it wasn't like love at first sight.  We mainly just talked about the professors crappy driving directions.  His directions were so bad that the entire class was about 30 minutes late.

Edit: This was before smartphones or GPS in cars.  Well, GPS was available, but not on a college student's budget.
I commented above, but my wife and I were both education majors at the same college.  The amount of times we crossed paths or had a opportunity to meet is pretty interesting.  At one point, we even had a class together and talked briefly during a field trip.  Little did we know that we would be married a decade later.
My wife and I recently discovered we went to the same event two states away when we were around 10 years old.  Not only that, but we were setting within a few rows of each other.  We knew in college that we had crossed paths constantly, but this is the earliest encounter we've been able to confirm.
They do have "chopped salads".  It's basically a sub, but without the bread .... for $1.70 more.
The mother of a friend from high school just passed away.  It was my wife's first time meeting him at the wake.  I love my wife, but she can be incredibly shy sometimes and she's always a bit awkward.  To me it is cute in a dorky kinda way.  She ended the conversation with "thank you". ...  She felt bad for a few days over that one.
My company won a major industry award.  I got a Google alert about a press release on the sponsor's website and tweeted it.  It turns out that they had posted it, but not linked it to anything yet. ... The awards ceremony wasn't until that evening!  ...  Not really my fault since I didn't know exactly when the ceremony was, and they had posted it knowing it might get indexed by Google.  That was fun to explain to management how that happened.
We used to use walkies, but now we’ve switched to just texting / cell phones.
Not a grower, but I work in IT for a wholesale greenhouse. Check out /r/productiongrowers. We’re working on growing the sub.
West Virginia.


A surprisingly large number of people don’t seem to know we’re a state and not a part of Virginia.  “You’re from Western Virginia?  Is that near Roanoke?”  


Heck, even NPR’s morning edition got it wrong during the recent teacher strike. “This morning schools in all of West Virginia’s 55 counties are closed as a pay raise bill has stalled in the *Virginia* senate...”
I’m jealous. ... I got to spend an afternoon there. 
[I’m imagining something like this.](https://youtu.be/uVspqShcXSA)
Back when I took the Praxis exam one of my essay questions was on teaching ESL students. I had to fight with every fiber of my being to write the “correct” answer. 
Resort aside, the house itself isn’t a hotel. What’s the draw? History, art, beautiful gardens, architecture, etc. 
My wife and I got caught in the greenhouse during a thunder storm a couple summers ago. Not a fun walk back in the rain.
Skookum bot.
Now we have yoga and essential oils.
It’s as close as we have. 
Sounds like the guy I bought my house from here in WV. Literally, the first thing all the new neighbors asked was “The deed is in your name now, right?”  I live in a small county where everyone knows everyone else, and seemingly everyone doesn’t trust the guy we bought our house from. .... It has come back to bite us a couple times. For example, the septic tank collapsed three months after we moved it.
My wife, an elementary art teacher, thought they were getting rid of her position. ... Then I explained the bill to her. I wish they would come up with a better way of naming bills. Maybe using numbers or something.
Ew. 
You should check out the Biltmore. 
Started a whole house remodel over a tear ago. Hopefully we’ll be ordering cabinets this month.

Edit: “Tear”. Freudian slip there. I’m leaving it. 
I’m just poking some fun. I’m from WV so old Joe and his daughter aren’t exactly popular right now.
And a $300 epipen. 
I was at Walmart at 12:45 last night to pick up a couple oddball things after a late visit with the in-laws. Can confirm. The smell was .... unique.
> Honestly he also seems like one of those people who views teaching as martyrdom and that's not sustainable for anyone.

It is here in West Virginia.
Speaking from experience here.  I was setting in the gallery the morning co-tenancy passed.  Beside me was a lobbyist for the gas industry.  He was more than happy to tell me about how he had been a lobbyist for the last 15 years.  Due to the strike the galleries were packed and if you left you would lose your seat.  As soon as the bill passed, he immediately got up and left.  His job was done.  He just needed to go pay off some senators.
I've been running it on my crappy B590 with no problems.
At my house it depends on if said project is in the house or our detached garage / workshop i.e. the man cave.
*Daft Punk intensifies*
My company, a wholesale greenhouse, experimented with growing pine seedlings for a while. We just couldn’t scale it efficiently enough to make it profitable. Flowering annual plugs are our specialty.
Pogs

Memories from elementary school just came flooding back.
That’s the cupola. 
Go check out /r/MURICA 
The following generations are the true winners.
Good news!  I'm in Mason County too!  [Senate District 4 covers Mason and Jackson counties fully and part of Putnam and Roane.](http://www.wvlegislature.gov/Senate1/lawmaker.cfm?member=President%20Carmichael)
I'm from Mitch Carmichael's district.  He's as good as gone.  I've talked some of the deepest red republicans I know, and they share the sentiment.
Senator Mike Romano: We have given you at least three ideas to do this raise without hurting the poor, including the severance tax, the gambling bill or cutting back on the $200 million given away to the coal companies."
... but Medicade has a surplus.  So it's really just smoke and mirrors to make people mad at teachers and other state employees.
It's sad that I know way too many West Virginian teachers in Texas.
Definitely, my wife, an elementary art teacher, likes to call the problem kids "rice paddy kids".  In other words, they would best serve society working in a field somewhere because they're utterly unteachable.
I definitely agree with that.  Student behavior was a big part of why I left education.  I taught for two years.  My very first day in the classroom we had a lockdown due to a gun in the school.
  [This happened later.](http://www.wsaz.com/home/headlines/45650042.html)  The next year I had one of the students involved in my Engineering class.  He wasn't there to learn.  ....  I also had to meet with his parole office regularly.  This is the type of crap teachers have to deal with.  The pay just wasn't worth it.
So is not having qualified applicants for teaching positions.  This is about more than pay right now.  This is a fight for the future of education in WV.  

I have a teaching degree from Marshall to teach high school biology, general science, and technology education.  I was also certified to teach AP classes at one time.  For the last decade I've worked as an IT manager for a private company because the pay as a teacher was too low.  Right now we have positions that I'm qualified to teach not being filled with certified teachers, but long-term substitutes.  It's going to remain that way until we offer competitive pay.  Teachers are employees, not martyrs or slaves.  They deserve proper compensation for their work.

I chose to use the technology side of my teaching certification and go into IT.  However, with the biology knowledge I have, I could've just as easily worked in a medical laboratory or similar position.  Check out how their pay compares to teachers in WV.  That's what we're up against.

Also, fun fact, I scored in the top 1% in the nation on the Praxis test for biology content knowledge.  It's a 3 hour test and I pretty much aced it.  Would you rather have someone with content knowledge like me teaching biology or a long-term substitute with a degree in English?
Everyone at my company are Republicans, and Mitch has visited here before.  Everyone I've talked to is pretty disgusted by his actions.
Not really.  These days are being treated like snow days, and seniors miss a pretty big chunk at the end of their senior year anyway.  The state is also going to extend the deadline for the Promise Scholarship.
Heck yeah, my great grandfather was a red-bandanna-wearing, gun-toting coal miner. I was at the capitol over the weekend, and the amount of teachers wearing red bandannas brought a tear to my eye. That same stubbornness and grit that forged our great state is on display for the whole world to see. I’ve never been so proud to be a West Virginian. Montani Semper Liberi!
You need to read up on some WV history. Until a few years ago we mostly voted democrat. After a century of getting screwed by them we decided to switch things up.  It turns out both sides are equally corrupt.
Yeah. Most of the negative comments I hear are from people that I doubt vote anyway. I get the sentiment that we’ve really hit a nerve in our state’s politics. I live in Carmichael’s district. He’s as good as gone in 2020.
Do this. I taught for two years and then went into IT for a private company. Teaching just wasn’t for me. After a decade of reflection, I came to realize that what I really love is being a student. I’d rather be learning than teaching.
Y’all are rock stars!
I think so. There was a widespread strike in the 1990s, but those hippies in the eastern panhandle didn’t participate.
I was a teacher in Mason county a decade ago. My starting pay was $27,000. I think the base pay is $31 now. I left teaching to work in IT for a private company. My wife is a teacher in Cabell county. Luckily, I have awesome insurance that my wife is on too.  
Conservative nonpartisan here.  These assholes are traitors to their state and their morals.  Although it physically hurts me to say it, I'm voting Democrat in the next election.
We know there is a majority among the 6 on the reconciliation committee supporting the 5%. However, at least two from the house and senate *each* have to sign off on the bill for it to move forward. We know Ferns and Blair won't. HB4145 is as good as dead. This was their plan. It is an attempt to drive a wedge between workers while also guaranteeing the bill dies.
There seems to be pretty wide support.  I think it has brought to light huge amounts of corruption that has gone unnoticed.  The Republican holdouts in the senate have pretty much lost any shot at re-election.
> Now there is a special committee to come up with an acceptable raise bill.

We know there is a majority among these 6 supporting the 5%.  However, at least two from the house and senate *each* have to sign off on the bill for it to move forward.  We know Ferns and Blair won't.  HB4145 is as good as dead.  This was their plan.  It is an attempt to drive a wedge between workers while also guaranteeing the bill dies.
I was setting in the gallery Saturday morning. It was a shit show. A lobbyist was setting next to my wife and I. He was happy to tell us about how he had been a lobbyist for the last 15 years. The moment co-tenancy passed, he got up and left. His work was done.
The ninth chevron is locked. We have a stable wormhole.
[I prefer this guy.](https://twitter.com/litWvsnowday)
Yeah, that wouldn't be abused.
Currently seniority counts for 30% of the decision on hiring for new positions or transfers, but more importantly people with the most seniority are the last to be laid off if a reduction in force is needed.  Now they can lay off the more expensive, older employees first.  This is a move to be able to eliminate older (more expensive) employees and replace them with young, cheap labor.
[I had this as my wallpaper for the longest time.](https://imgur.com/Bhx8LA7)
> 100k

So would I.
Hard to assemble and use properly.  Yep. It fits. SQUEEEEEEK.
But guns are already banned on school property.  That would make it the safest place ... oh.
I have a degree in education.  (That's how we originally met.)  I left teaching 10 years ago for better pay ... and less stress.  My starting pay with a BA in 2007 was $27,000.  Over a decade later it has risen to $30,000.
... or my wife has been fighting an illness that has sucked our savings dry.

It sound like you're just an asshole.
She has a Masters +15 and 7 years of experience.  She makes $37,000.
Having friends that range from left to right on the political spectrum, I get the feeling that most do.  Most people in the state are equally annoyed with our turncoat governor.
This deal was just a way to get Governor Justice out of the hot seat on national TV.  It was made just moments before NBC Nightly News. When it fails to pass, he can blame the legislature, and if the strike continues he can blame the teachers.  This was a spectacular tactical move. This is the kind of 4D chess Trump supporters talk about.
Teacher pay in WV is shit.
Especially Mitch Carmichael.
West Virginian and husband of a teacher here.  There's so much more to this strike than pay.  Pay isn't even the main issue.

* We're striking on behalf of all state employees like service personnel, state police, and DOC among many other state employees.

* Fully funding PEIA and stabilizing the costs is the key issue. (1 in 7 people in the state are insured by PEIA.) .... Luckily, my wife is on my Blue Cross plan through my company.

* Teacher seniority.  The legislature wants to eliminate seniority when it comes to transfers and applying for other positions.

* High Teacher certification standards.  The legislature has lowered the standards to become a teacher in the state so pretty much any degree can get you a teaching job.

* Union dues.  Currently union dues are deducted from paychecks automatically.  The legislature passed a bill that would require yearly renewal of this process by each member.

UPDATE:  Yesterday the senate voted to table the pay raise bill.  ...  Also, just before the vote guest wireless internet mysteriously went down throughout the capitol including the press room.
My wife is a teacher in WV, and I make a bit more than her.  I just made our mortgage payment on a pretty modest house.  We have $28 until I get paid on Tuesday.
Former teacher here.  This thread gets my PTSD going.
We’re now a full on wildcat strike!
At this point we're looking at a wildcat strike in other counties.
That was the only episode of this show I've ever watched.  Yep. It was pretty bad.
My senior year of college.  Crap.  I'm old.
Possibly.  Two counties had already called off, but the state site that shows closing has mysteriously gone to a 404 error.  It's a shitshow.
It's really not even a case of the weekly pay deduction, but the quality of the coverage in general.  When my wife and I got married it was just after the enrollment period for my insurance so we were stuck with her on PEIA and me on mine.  The next year she moved over to my insurance.  That saved us around $5,000 because the premiums, deductible, and co-pays are lower and mine covers a higher percentage.  

Also, PEIA's ability to bargain with hospitals is somewhat diminished compared to other insurers.  For example, we were having fertility treatments during the switch so she was getting a ton of pelvic ultrasounds.  With PEIA they averaged $600 each out of pocket (sometimes one a week).  Once we switched to my insurance we only owed around $100 per ultrasound.  A big part of that was the "discount" my insurance receives at the specialist we were seeing.
You need to read up on WV history. What is barbaric is the way coal companies were treating their ~~employees~~ slaves.
/r/nocontext
I think you underestimate Americans.
Yeah.  The terrorists in Afghanistan didn't stand a chance against the might of our military.  I mean these were savages hiding in caves. 
 That war was wrapped up very quickly after 9/11.
[Less than 100 years ago we had a war in West Virginia.  You can thank the second amendment for your labor laws and safe working conditions.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/West_Virginia_coal_wars)
> Assault/ automatic rifles and sub machine guns were invented to do one thing: kill human beings.

Exactly! I didn't buy one to protect myself and my family from aliens.
No wood and not a handgun.
I'm a nonpartisan that leans pretty conservative.  I don't agree with him on everything like abortion and gun control.  However, he definitely has my vote.
Nope.  There's not.
So the sand in the cooter joke I made that resulted in my wife smacking the back of my head was spot on?
Nah. Not even close. We rank 9th in the US when it comes to number of plants produced and something like 80th in the US by growing space. 

Seedlings are only about an inch tall when they ship out to our customers. You can pack insane number into a really small space.  We grow in standard sizes of “plug” trays that are designed to work with equipment in our industry. They are 12 x 18 inches and contain 144, 288, or 512 plugs depending on the customer’s preference.

The bulk of our customers are independent garden centers. For example, we had nearly 500 shipments this week ranging from a few trays being shipped by FedEx to smaller shipments on sprinter vans to huge shipments going by truck. We operate our own fleet of vans, straight trucks, and semi trucks.

Most of the IGCs transplant plugs by hand into larger containers. The larger customers that we have will use robots designed to work with the plug trays. We also grow finished product that gets wholesaled through our facilities in Atlanta, West Virginia, and Pittsburgh. [We use robots like this to transplant.](https://youtu.be/CxLePC_If4w)
The greenhouse I work for in West Virginia grows seedlings for Disney among many other customers like the Smithsonian and others. We also supply the greenhouse that supplies finished product to all the Home Depots in the Northeast. Chances are if you buy a flowering annual on the east coast there’s a high probability it got its start in West Virginia. We’re shipping around 150 million this spring.
Yeah. 
> I was ~~"loud man with beard"~~ "Reddit".

FTFY

My wife is the queen of turning the tile floor in our bathroom into the swamps of Dagobah.  I love her long hair, but it must easily hold a gallon of water upon exiting the shower.
Yet this is something that I've always wanted to see in person.
Ok.  Who made Mitch Carmichael a mod?
Duterte deeds ... done dirt cheap!
This looks awesome! Like something Conan the Barbarian would carry.  [It totally has this vibe.](https://youtu.be/9j6nyEcIk98)
Well comrades, they are pro-union. Like *really* pro-union. 
Dang. I old.
Just think the poor guy worked 63 years.
Jeep Patriot with a CVT here. Yep!  Also, they aren’t honoring the lifetime powertrain warranty because evidently there was a 30 day window where I had to get the Jeep inspected to maintain the warranty. (Of course that was in the fine print and not explained when I bought it.)
Same along with /r/wimhof
Having traveled that same distance on roads nearly as bad in Kenya, I totally got their sentiment. Food and medicine only goes so far. They desperately need infrastructure in these areas. 200 miles in the US can easily be done in 3-4 hours. It was a 20 hour trip in Kenya and that was in a well equipped vehicle.
They’re just spouting leftist nonsense. They really want abortions on demand, no questions asked up until the moment the child is born.
You mean millions of murdered babies isn’t our best?
I work for a company with a large seasonal workforce that happens to be mostly women. When we start ramping up production in December me and our HR manager make bets on which crew will have drama first. Just yesterday I came back from lunch to find a new hire setting in the lobby crying.
So they’re Chinese?
Free speech? Screw that!
Yep. I’ve been wearing a regular cut since high school in the 90s when every dude was highlighting and wearing puka shells.  Twenty years later and all the hipsters think it is cool. I was wearing my hair that way literally before it was cool you dirty hipsters!
This is my standard description when I go to a barber.

I want a regular haircut, number 2 guard on the sides, scissors on top, and tapered in the back. I part my hair on the right. Leave the sideburns as long as they are. (Barbers like to cut sideburns too high. It just doesn’t look right with glasses.)
Yep.

Keep in mind that 50-100 years ago what we consider "old" hymns now were the praise and worship songs of their day.
Growing up is a small country church, I'm totally this dude.  My wife, who went to a "city church", is always amazed when the worship leader is like "Turn to 275 in your hymnal." and I'm like, "I got this fam."  Here's some of my favorites.  *Redeemed* in particular gets me a bit misty because grandma like to sing it as she did housework.

* Amazing Grace
* [Just as I Am](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G9oSB3elWY4)
* [Nothing But The Blood](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJnD272vmns)
* [Redeemed](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DOytmkPzhLo)
* [Mansion Over the Hilltop](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YfZ3qyYnzJ0) (A favorite at my church.)
* [Just a Little Talk with Jesus](https://youtu.be/4fbuQvoKH9U) (As a bass singer this is one of my favorites.)
As a West Virginian and former educator, screw you!
It's illegal to strike here in WV too, but good luck finding replacements for 20,000 teachers.  We already have over 700 unfilled positions.
48^th  ... My wife is a teacher in WV.  Her sister lives 2 hours away in Columbus, has the same degree and years of service, it is $40K vs $70K.  Luckily, we have my income from a much higher paying job.
ALSO, the insurance premiums are tied to net family income.  So this "raise" could bump some teachers into the next tier and result in even more money lost.  My wife is a WV teacher, but luckily she is on my company's insurance.  It saves us close to $5,000 per year.
I like it. It takes a knack for being able to diagnose and solve problems in a methodical manner.  For example, yesterday the head of our trucking department stopped by because his desk phone and internet wasn’t working. I know his PC is connected through the IP phone so that explained that. On a hunch, I took an extra ethernet cable with me. 

Arriving at his desk, I noticed the handset cord was all tangled. Yep. My hunch was right. He had pulled the phone across the desk pulling the existing ethernet cable and pulling some of the wires loose in the RJ-45 connector.

Little things like that happen all the time. For bigger problems, Google is your friend. Being able to find the correct answer is a huge part of IT work.  Personally, I think problem solving skills outweigh any certifications. Certifications deal mainly with content, and there’s simply too much content in the IT industry to ever do anything beyond specializing in a very specific field.  I prefer the approach of being a jack-of-all-trades that might not know the specifics, but knows how to get the answers.
Tax revenues are down because the lowered taxes and refuse to tax the industries raping our state for natural resources.
I can't argue with that.  I think what I discovered is that I prefer being a student.  My wife on the other hand is an amazing teacher.
> people forget what a normal and ethical presidency looks like

Stop it!  That's just too funny.
> calling legislators curse words

Haven't we all recently?  Heck, I'm a conservative, nonpartisan and she'll get my vote.  The republicans in our legislature have gone full retard.
We’ve been friends for quite some time. I can assure you this is #FakeNews
We’ve been friends for quite some time. I can assure you this is #FakeNews
We'd be speaking Belter Creole by now.
Yup.  That's pretty standard.
Yes, and schools are "gun free" zones.  It's like criminals break the law or something. Weird.
I'm on an AT&T plan my wife and I share with my parents.  My dad gets a 25% discount through his company.
Yep.  And there's those of us that would rather just pay upfront to avoid a monthly payment.  $600 is much easier to manage than $1,000.
I was looking back through old comments.  My father-in-law does this.
Rural West Virginian here.  Does this mean I can finally get the Internets at home?
We never bothered with the doughnut.  Our pool was a 15 x 30 oval with a scooped out deep end.  We would always just let the rain collect on the cover, and then pump it off in the spring.  We have a submersible pump that could move about 50 gallons per minute.  It made getting the water off the cover super easy.
Why not get a winter cover to prevent algae growth?  We always drained our above ground pool by 25%, added a chlorine tablet floater thing, and used a winter cover. Then, in the spring it was just a matter of removing the cover, adding some shock and algaecide, and then refilling it.
aaaand we just summed up the last half century.
Everything you just said is not true.
Whaa?? ... *Sees flair* ... Oh.
I don't think North Korea has in mind the same type of unification you're thinking about.
[Here's what the cat is thinking.](https://youtu.be/0Zdnfxq0vNs)
Yes. To release the ions!
Especially if ~~James Bond~~ Pierce Brosnan [is driving](https://youtu.be/vfIUYDjo8WM).
Found the atheist.  I hear eternal damnation is lit af.
"These tomatoes taste like feet!" -your family ... probably
It's a good analogy for salvation through Christ.  You had better get salvation before the door closes (death / rapture).
[We had 10,000+ teachers at our state capitol on Saturday over low pay and insurance costs.](http://wvmetronews.com/2018/02/17/statewide-strike-of-wv-teachers-this-thursday-and-friday/)  The strike officially starts Thursday if the legislature doesn't step up.
Came here to say this.  It usually takes me a few weeks to read through a book that size.  I finished it in two days.  It's an excellent read!  His life story is sometimes more interesting than his descriptions of life on the ISS.  I would pair it with the movie "The Right Stuff" for a bit more context.
One here or there is OK, but some places have gone nuts with them. There’s a crazy double roundabout in Hilliard.  It’s basically a figure 8. 
They didn’t have awesome West Virginia teachers to teach them reading comprehension skills.
Heck, we invented the labor movement in America.
I’m lucky that my employer allowed my wife to join my coverage.  When we got her off of PEIA we started saving around $75 per week.  Then you add in lower copays, lower deductible, etc. 
People in this comment section are almost as retarded as our state legislature.
THIS! My wife teaches elementary art. We usually spend over $1,000 per year on supplies. We just count it as part of our tithe for church. 

Also, things are heating up here in WV. You won’t see it on the national news, but we had 10,000+ teachers and public employees at the capitol on Saturday. Next week we’re having a statewide walkout on Thursday and Friday and possibly a larger strike to come.
West Virginian here. My wife is a pistol-packing art teacher. (Sadly, not on campus though.)
Actually, they’re designing cubesats with little parachutes now to speed up deorbiting.  It low earth orbit there’s just enough atmosphere to create a tiny bit of drag. Hence, the need to reboost satellites periodically.
Yes, but did you have to dodge bullets?
You basically described Easton.
I live in WV, but my sister-in-law and family lives in Gahanna. Ohioans are bad drivers to begin with, and the layout of Easton doesn’t help.  I test drove a Smart Car there, and was in fear the entire time.

Edit: Also, what’s with Ohio and roundabouts? This is the US, not Europe. Savages.
They probably had more in common with the Union during the Civil War. 
I’m in Mitch’s district. “Ditch Mitch” has been the rallying cry on the facebooks today. 
Ssssshhh!!!! That doesn’t fit the narrative!
Even on iPhone 6 Plus. 
Same here. We were on vacation and she forgot her razor and used mine. She was amazed by how well it cut. I got her a blue Lady Gillette for Christmas. :-)
I had one of the branded as Dell for my Axim PDA in college. It was crap, but it worked.
She comes across as too much of a leftist for me. I like my politicians to be somewhere between Reagan and Lincoln.  ... You have to comment on these things a few days late to avoid downvotes from salty soy boys. 
I remember those.  My grandma and grandpa bought a 1987 Nova there. When grandma got older she gave it to me. I drove it through college until 2008 when I got my Jeep. Then dad drove it to work until he retired in 2015.  I sure do miss “Old Blue”. 
I graduated from Marshall with a BA in education. I also scored in the top 5% of anyone who ever took Praxis (the standardized test for teachers) for biology content knowledge. ... I went into IT for a private company for better pay and never looked back.  I taught for two years in WV. It just wasn’t worth the stress and low pay.
They know weed isn’t legal here, right?
I’m in his district.  That’s going to happen. Personally, I’ve never voted for the dude. 
You guys just sent me down the Google rabbit hole.  There's a location about 40 minutes from my house, but 90 minutes from my office.  This might be a good option for Saturdays.  Thanks!
Center right, nonpartisan West Virginian (District 14) here.  How do you feel about:

* Social programs like welfare, etc.
* Gun control
* Abortion
* Freedom to deny a service on moral / religious grounds
* Freedom of speech even if that speech is offensive.
* The usual radical leftist hot button issues.
Schools are "Gun Free Zones" so I don't know how a gun made it inside to begin with. I mean it's like criminals ignore the laws or something. Weird.
Crap!  My first thought when I saw this was “Whelp, Getty strikes again.”  They need to die a fiery death. 

My company got one of their extortion letters for an image of a lawn rake on grass.  We settled for $500.  The problem is that the image was being hosted on a site with a false creative commons license which we linked back to.
Just call me blue ball Giles.
As a small town sound guy, I can confirm.  Most have no clue how even basic audio equipment works.
Not at 5:30 am.
I have a fridge and coffee pot in my office.  I make a Wal-mart run about once a week.  Also, my company operates a number of produce market / garden centers.  As a perk all employees get a free fruit per day.  I work at our HQ, but the original location is just down the street.  I eat pretty healthy for around $15 per week.

I also cook at home and make things, like bread, from scratch.  [I also raise a garden](https://imgur.com/vaeMYU2) and my wife and I preserve a ton of food from it.  We had some canned green beans last night with a couple steaks from a half a cow we bought in the fall.  We went in 50/50 with my parents who got a great deal from a local farmer.
I like to microwave an egg that has been beaten with some pepper.  Then make a nice sandwich between two slices of toast with a slice of Velveeta and some bacon.  Maybe a dash of Texas Pete.  Probably terrible for me, but soooooo delicious!
They're just really into Wall-E cosplay.
All hail the Vostro!  I can change a power supply blindfolded.

(kill me)
1 guy here that answers directly to the board.  I technically have 8 bosses.

However, after years of worrying about our aging production system (running mainly in Access 2003 and a butt load of Excel files), they authorized me to hire a company to build out a whole new system.  I went into the meeting with a quote of $50K for a BPR of the core production process, they voted to do the whole shebang instead!  I'm gonna throw a party tonight!!!  Heck, it's 4:30.  Time to hit the whiskey I have stashed away.
I live near Point Pleasant, WV.  They had the Mothman movie about us.  ... It was filmed in Pennsylvania.
Knowing her, she probably would have.  She broke a toenail once while playing fetch.  Before I could get to her she chewed off the broken piece.  Blue heelers are built like tanks.
I had to retake a class I got a C in because I missed the minimum GPA for student teaching by 0.02 points.  That was fun.  On the upside I retook Cellular Biology and got to use a flow cytometer in the lab.  This was back when [they took up a room](https://imgur.com/M1aJf1S).  Now there are models that can fit on a desk.
Ha!  This reminds me of my dog.  She was docked due to a horse stepping on her tail when she was a puppy.  She still chased her nub.
Good.
My company doesn't mind if I fire up Amazon Prime at lunch.  I've been watching Batman: The Animated Series.  I hate that they changed the [original theme](https://youtu.be/v5nB2OJnCko) though.
I had McDs today for the first time in about 6 months.  I'm not gonna lie, it was AMAZING!  However, I've really lost my taste for soda pop.  It actually made me nauseous today.  

I used to be someone who was in great shape and ate whatever I wanted.  Then, I started working a desk job a decade ago and continued to eat whatever I wanted.  At 25 I weighed 175 lbs and I gained up to 260 lbs by 34.  

For the last year I've been dieting.  I dropped 30 lbs last year (just counting calories and making better choices), gained back 10 over the holiday, and really kicked into high gear this year by adding regular exercise.  So far, I've dropped 20 lbs since January.  Today I woke up getting the cold my wife has had for the last few days.  I needed some comfort food.  Tomorrow it's be time to kick some more butt.
It has that effect on my nieces and nephew.  Totally normal.  I think I scared them the last time we babysat for the weekend.  I was a high school teacher about a decade ago, and I had to bring my teacher voice out of retirement.  My wife and I, not having kids of our own, thought it would be fun to have a movie night with popcorn, candy, and soda.  FYI, that's a HUGE mistake if you expect them to go to sleep an hour later.  The weekend ended with the kids and my wife in tears.
This makes sense because in animations when I took cell biology in college 15 years ago this was represented by a Y-shaped molecule moving down the tube molecule like a train on a track.  I assume we just didn't have a way to model this motion at that point.
[Dude!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8KonoCLO4L0)
The biggest problem is that the proposed raise (1% each year over 5 years) won't come close to offsetting the increase in PEIA costs.  Also, they voted to stop automatically deducting union dues from union member's paychecks (a clear union busting move).  It's a shitshow.
Ramen for everyone!
yep
I guess this would be considered more of an HSA.  It's really a sort of hybrid.  They're a great place to work.  I've been offered positions elsewhere with higher pay, but I've stayed here because it's close to home and it's something I really love.  Sometimes being happy and stress free is worth more than a bigger paycheck.  They also match  up to 10% on our 401K too!
MREs for everyone and SNAP enrollment drops by 90%!
Came for a unidan reference.  I'm sad it was this far down.
I've been with the company a decade now.  Our HRA can be applied toward our deductible.  Also, unused funds accumulate from year to year.  Being somewhat healthy and not using it for every little thing, I have over $10,000 saved up.  I got married four years ago and added my wife to my insurance because she's a teacher and [PEIA is pretty terrible](http://www.wsaz.com/content/news/Teachers-speak-out-at-PEIA-Finance-Board-meeting-473877863.html).
Let's remember that media was singing the praises of Antifa a few months back during Charlottesville.
That "larger" payment I made was $3,000 so it was paid off in about 6 years.

To add insult to injury, my new company's insurance went into effect two days later.  Had it been 48 hours later, I would've paid a $25 copay and 20%.  Edit: Really just $25 because I forgot about our HRA in addition to our insurance.
I tried reading on a Kindle.  It was hard to dog ear the pages.  Joking aside, I just prefer my reading in the form of a processed tree carcass.
I paid off a $5,000 ER bill a few years ago.  I thought it was my appendix, but it turns out I was severely constipated due to a steroid I was taking for poison ivy.  They did a CT scan and charged me $1,000 x 2.  They claimed that they scanned two different parts, the upper and lower abdomen.  I also had x-rays and a bunch of other charges just to give me a laxative pill.  

The hospital wouldn't send the balance to collections as long as I paid a little bit, so I paid $25 per month.  Then, once I got a new job, more money, and made a larger payment.  They called me for missing a payment because I paid more and not $25.  I ended up setting up a checking account with the remaining balance and an automatic payment of $25 each month just to appease their asinine billing system.
I would consider myself right of center.  I'm registered as a nonpartisan because you're screwed no matter which party you support here in WV.  In the 1990s teachers had a strike over pay and health insurance when the Democrats were in control.  Almost 30 years later and we're facing the exact same thing with the Republicans.  (My wife is a teacher.)  I'm hoping a somewhat sane center party develops to fill the vacuum the right and left are creating in the center.  I think we're seeing this in WV with WVEA and AFT-WV coming together in an agreement to strike.  Traditionally, WVEA has been the choice of Republican teachers in the state and AFT-WV has been the choice of Democrats.  Things are about to really heat up if the legislature can't cut the bull you-know-what.
> All that said, I literally yelled at my radio yesterday when NPR's anchor introduced a story about how all these lame 80s and 90s sitcom reboots are too white and undermining all the progress we've made with diversity.

I find myself yelling at NPR quite often.  For a network partially funded by my tax dollars, they definitely have a slant that a large portion of the US would disagree with.  Don't get me wrong, they have some great programming.  We have some great programs here in my state like Mountain Stage and Inside Appalachia.  However, I have no problem classifying some hosts, like Marketplace's Kai Ryssdal, as radical leftist.  You can hear his hatred for the current administration seeping into every episode.
Yeah, but his parents were at the State of The Union so Trump could use his story as an example of North Korea's brutality.  The media believes Trump is a ["threat to our democracy"](https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/donald-trump-is-a-unique-threat-to-american-democracy/2016/07/22/a6d823cc-4f4f-11e6-aa14-e0c1087f7583_story.html?utm_term=.4bf657b4466b); therefore, the Warmbiers are aiding this threat.

Screw them! [North Korea is not the threat Trump would have you believe.](https://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2018/01/is-north-korea-really-a-large-threat-to-americans/551990/)  Their cheerleaders are something [we should all applaud!](http://ew.com/tv/2018/02/13/jimmy-kimmel-north-korean-olympic-cheerleaders/)  They're just so peaceful and nice!  Heck, tonight Jimmy Kimmel is going to recreate [the cathedral of light](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cathedral_of_light).

Edit:  I see representatives from /r/Pyongyang have arrived.
I'm no Trump fan, but I firmly believe they're going to overreact him into a second term.  Most people I talk to see through their radical leftist bologna.
Just wait until the start building towers out of trailers there.
> it's a very congested interchange

Especially with the road work that's been going on for the last century.
Mainstream journalism is dead / dying.  They died a bit further this week when they were praising a ruthless dictator's sister.  Imagine if this would've been 1936.  "Eva Braun is stealing the show at the Olympics" - CNN
I'm guessing a knife or straight razor.  
I too was a drum section leader.  (Part of where my username came from.)  We definitely had our disagreements.  Our band director was a drummer so we had the best line in the state.  That just added to both our egos.  One of our snares wanted to drop out that year so the director bribed him with cigarettes. It was a simpler time.
1990s.  My band director once got in a fist fight with our drum section leader.  ... The band director is now the principal.
For many of us coal was what helped our families live the American dream. I am the first “post-coal” generation in my family. Many of us owe our success to coal. 

However, even I worked at a coal-fired power plant during the summers while I was in college in the early 2000s. I was actually the third generation to work at that plant and so was a coworker. My grandfather was a shift engineer there and my dad worked in maintenance. Grandpa was there the day the plant opened in 1949 and dad was there the day it closed. Luckily, he was able to retire at the same time. (He actually worked until 66 to get the severance package.)

On my mom’s side of the family, my great grandfather was a farrier for mine ponies starting in the late 1800s. My grandfather worked in the mines as a blaster. (Some of his old pay stubs have the cost of dynamite deducted along with the cost of coal he brought home to heat the house.)

As I said, I’m the first generation in my family to not have my income tied directly to coal. Through coal I was able to attend college and become a teacher. I ended up hating teaching, and I’ve worked the last decade as the IT manager for the largest wholesale greenhouse in the state.

Even though a growing number of West Virginians don’t get their income from coal today, we recognize its importance in our state’s history. We look back at it with a bit of nostalgia, but we also recognize its bloody history. Every West Virginian has probably seen the movie Matewan, and hopefully some have read The Unquiet Earth or other great books by Appalachian authors.  I would compare our love for coal today to how many people in the south revere the Civil War. It wasn’t the best part of ourselves, but in many ways it shaped who we are and, hopefully, made us better for it.
More like college years for me.
Yeah.  According to the lotto, about $30,000 we to the schools last year.  They must have killer operating costs.
Brrrrilliant
I was -11.  That's the year my parents got married.
Steals the show, drags it back to North Korea, tortures it, and returns it nearly dead.
Ah.  I thought you just lived in a warmer state like NM.  I have friends that live there and they complain about temps in the 60s.  Meanwhile, it is 0F here and snowing.
Nope.  She looks very much like her parents and siblings.  Also ... ew.
It depends on the region.  Here in West Virginia temps range from -20C to 40C.
After a conversion to Fahrenheit.  That's downright chilly in the summer ... but a heat wave in the winter here in the US.  Right now that would be toasty, shorts weather.  In the summer it would be quite chilly.  It's funny how we adapt throughout the year.
Just wait until they get ticketed for having their rear windows obscured.
[Teachers in WV are getting ready to strike over pay and insurance.](https://www.wvgazettemail.com/news/school-workers-across-w-va-vote-to-authorize-action/article_b2423440-3da7-5bcd-af4d-6a9cbbd84459.html)  All but 3 of the 55 counties voted in favor of the action.  Also, this is the first time both the Democratic and Republican unions have come together.  It's gonna get ugly from what I'm hearing.  (My wife is a teacher, and I left teaching for less stress and better pay.)
Yeah.  He's since just gone with a regular buzz cut.  I think his fiance fixed that.  My wife's brother is a pretty nice guy though.  He had some issues in his younger years, but he's really turned things around.
Yep.  The worst was trying to find a matching tux for our ring bearer.  He was a T2, and the smallest they had was a T3.  We ended up buying an whole Easter suit just for the pants.
Yeah, but the book is so different from the movies.  I'm a huge Dick fan! ... wait
What about sexual violence against men.  Is that still OK?
True.  I just hate broad brushing.
> It's funny though that some teachers are still able to lead and inspire many of their students to do their best.

Bull-you-know-what! They've clearly never taught high school students in a poor area.  I taught for two years in a vocational school in WV.  I had the worst of the worst when it came to students.  They had no redeeming qualities, and there was no inspiring them.

* I had a student bring a loaded gun to school to trade for drugs.  [He later shot a woman multiple times.](http://www.wsaz.com/home/headlines/45650042.html)

* I had more than one student get expelled for selling their ADHD medications, marajuana, and other drugs to other students.

* I had a more than one student in my two years teaching throw items at me because they were angry.  ...  One item was a desk.  It left a pretty nasty bruise.  He got one day of in school suspension because he had a "behavior disorder".  I got chewed out because I restrained him to keep him from hurting another student.  (I wasn't trained / certified to restrain students.  This made the school liable had I injured him.  However, I was the only teacher in the room just like any "normal" classroom.)

* A common statement from female students was "I'm just here until I get my baby so I can get my check."

* Over 75% of my students had IEPs or 504s. (Oppositional defiant disorder was a common diagnosis.)[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oppositional_defiant_disorder]

* The majority of my students could barely read, write, or do basic math. Many had IEPs stating that I needed to accommodate for that!  I taught Engineering.  How can you teach Engineering without doing advanced math!?!?

These are just a few of many examples.  Couple that with laws that hinder a teachers ability to discipline students (many student have IEPs or 504s that limit discipline options), and you have our current situation.  Teachers are powerless today in their own classrooms.  It's been a decade, and I'm still glad I left teaching.  Only martyrs teach in WV.
> A bill passed in 2014 stating that a starting teacher salary would be $43,000 by 2019. Currently it is $30,500.

This is key.  In 2019, I want to see teacher's unions sue the state for not following its own laws.
As someone who left teaching due to an administrator who had a political agenda against me (my uncle was a board member in the 90s and didn't get along with my principal), I can totally see the flaw in a merit-based system.  There's just too much room for abuse in the current systems used to measure a teacher's performance.
Looks like I found all the people who hate WV.
Yes, but how much has the federal government grown since the 1960s?  There's a crap ton more programs for it to compete with now.
It's downright creepy sometimes.  Her or I will start humming / whistling a song at random and the other was thinking about it or we'll both blurt out the same thing at the same time.  I used to think the idea of soulmates was a bunch on nonsense used to sell books and movies.  [Then I met mine.](https://imgur.com/YZZbyE4)

We first met in college a decade ago, but never really talked to each other then because we were both too shy.  Then, a decade later we met again through eHarmony.  Going to the same university is is crazy the number of times we nearly crossed paths, had classes a few rooms apart, would've passed each other due to our schedule.  Heck, the church I attended was just a few hundred yards from her parent's house.  I have a photo from a football game and she is just a few rows up in the background.

We've been married almost four years, and we feel more in love every day.  It hasn't been easy.  We've had to deal with health issues, discovering we can't have kids, and a conflict between her parents and a sibling.  If anything, those ordeals have made us rely on each other and realize that every day together is a gift.
Reading this reminds me of my wife and I. We definitely fit parts of his description. Now we can just *be us* together. Yesterday my wife, an art teacher, spent the afternoon organizing lesson plans while I did a deep clean of our kitchen. We listened to a classical music channel on Amazon and commented on what CDs we had in common from high school and college. (When we got married we discovered we now had duplicate copies of most of our classical CDs and sci-fi DVDs.) Then, we spent the evening watching Bladerunner and Bladerunner 2049.  We’re still debating if Deckard is a replicant.
American oligarchs didn’t offer as much.
Christian here. I could care less what happens in your bedroom. God knows, I don’t. How you choose to deal with that is up to you.
A recent conversion to red, but just as screwed before too. Both parties are equally corrupt in WV. That’s a big part of why I’m registered as a nonpartisan. In WV both the democrats and republicans have open primaries. As a nonpartisan I can choose which ballot I want to use the day of the primary. Don’t like the republican candidates? Guess I’ll be a democrat today.
I’m from WV and heard about this the day it happened. I was very pleased to see it here this morning. Hopefully it makes it to the national news cycle soon.
Sadly this is nothing new in WV. We had nearly a century of Democratic majority with the same results.  This is a big reason why I’m a nonpartisan. Both side are equally corrupt in my state. ... Also, teachers are striking this Friday due to their crappy pay. 
And hopefully called OSHA. Intentionally defeating a safety mechanism is a huge fine. 
$571 this month. :-(
Were they jackdaws?
Some of the robots at my company have switches so they won’t run if a cover is missing.
... Then you open the power bill.
I understood this ... but I’m from WV. 
It got cut so the could talk endlessly and show commercials.
Oh thank goodness.  Still under the radar. 
Browsing Instagram?
Are you laying in bed next to me watching the Olympics right now?
Too bad I can’t use my #ShutUpMatt hashtag on twitter. 
I usually shave before showering because I like to finish my shower with a few minutes of full on cold water.  ...  I have on occasion touched up with my wife's lady gillette.
Not quite that fast, but that's about the speed I normally shave at.  I usually just do one pass unless it's a special occasion. [Here's my current setup.](https://imgur.com/G7IRzcj)  The mug was my grandpa's. :-)
... Also, your tuition is going up.
I don't have internet at home :-(
At least we don't have to listen to Matt's annoying commentary this year.
My company ships plants. We sometimes include little electronic temperature loggers that record the temperature every few seconds. We once had a palletized shipment worth $10,000 get misplaced. It was found setting outside on the tarmac at the UPS hub in Louisville, KY ... in a blizzard.

I’m not sure how much the claim was for. The thing with our industry is that we grow seedlings to order. We can’t exactly just go into a warehouse and pull more off a shelf. You’re looking at 4-6 weeks to grow a new crop. Depending on the season, that could cause the receiving company to miss the sweet spot for sales.  At our retail stores in the Ohio Valley about 90% of our retail sales happen in May-June.
My wife is a teacher.  There's definitely a larger strike looming on the horizon.  $45,000 is the average because we have a ton of older teachers near retirement.  The starting pay is much, much less.  That's what we need to focus on when it comes to attracting teachers to WV.
Irish soda bread is awesome.  Instead of buttermilk, I prefer to curdle some milk with vinegar.  Sometimes I'll use apple cider vinegar, add in a diced up apple, and some cinnamon.  It's amazing!
Let's not forget Trump got the idea from a parade he attended in France.  So, yes, a third world shithole.
I'm still on the fence about whether to go with a camera drone or a racing drone.  I like flying more than photography so I thing I'm going to do some sort of FPV setup.  I'm also a tinkerer that is pretty handy with a soldering iron.
That's why I went with a cheap drone.  I figured I would learn on something harder to control.  Then, when I finally get something more expensive, I'll *really* be able to control it.
That's really the only reason why I watch.  I could care less about the romance.  I want to see these women rip each other apart.  Krystal was pure gold this season.  Although her voice made me want to stab my ears with a corkscrew.
Bachelor-loving hubby here.  I can't freakin' wait!
Excalberta.
But the nearest Whole Foods is four hours away?
I have to take medicine to regulate my blood pressure and I also use a biPAP. Better kill me. 
Mom and dad have the same size feet. In my dad’s case they would most likely be purple.
We’re a wholesale greenhouse that grows seedlings. 
Yeah. For multi-billion dollar companies it’s peanuts. Nots so much for smaller companies.  I deal more with the technology side being our IT manager, but it utterly sucks for us when drivers reach their limit. We ship live plants so as soon as they’re loaded on the truck, the clock is ticking.  Having to stop just short of the last drop off (or only drop off for TX shipments) could cost upwards of $100K depending on the types of plants.
There is a definite cost increase just from the equipment side. Data plans, hardware, and software subscriptions add up fast. We have a pretty small fleet of 20 trucks. We had an approximately $20K upfront cost with about $2,500 per month to maintain the system.  That cost has to go somewhere.
The ELD Mandate went into effect in December. Unless they’re driving a grandfathered hunk of junk or going on a short trip, they’re using electronic logs. It’s killing my company where drivers make multiple stops on routes that change constantly. It’s hard to plan ahead with all the variables at play in our business/ industry. We’ve had a few drivers get stranded 30 minutes from home because they ran out of time. We have a driver on call with a company car for when this happens.
I got lucky when I took algebra in college.  I had a ton of football players in my class.  They *had* to pass.
> Nestle instant coffee

I prefer Maxwell House instant with a dash of Benefiber since I'm getting older.
Heck, my wife and I have been living in our house for three years and we still don't have furniture, or a finished kitchen, or doors, trim, flooring in the dining room, etc, etc.  Renovations are expensive.
Same here in WV.  The tale here in WV is that Queen Anne was climbing over a fence next to a field and pricked her finger.  The purple / crimson spot is her blood.
I like this.  Luckily at my company all of our digital signage is easily reachable.
I don't think I've ever seen a shitpost of this quality in this sub.
I concur.  These requirements for a "Tier 3 Desktop Support" position are hilarious.
Nope.  It didn't have solar panels for power or a strong enough transmitter.
Actually, [they had enough fuel to pass Mars orbit and get it out to the asteroid belt.](https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/961083704230674438)
It comes down to a know your audience type thing.  I only use timers when we have a giveaway on our site to drive sign ups (which also registers them for our emails).  They are hugely popular and we always have pretty good retention.  In an attempt to not be spammy, we first send a confirmation to them, and they can choose which lists to sign up for.  The last giveaway at Christmas for a $10 travel mug and a flashlight (our "warm & bright" giveaway) grew our mailing list by about 10%.  

The CTR on the site and ads were pretty good.  We also ran it via email in hopes of getting folks to sign up to more lists and also as a bit of a re-engagement campaign.  We definitely saw a higher CTR than a usual email.
Yep. My company, a wholesale greenhouse, rebrands plants for sale at our own retail stores. So instead of Proven Winners, it’s our own brand. They actually send an inspector to make sure we’re following the contract.  However, we started to get away from this because it limits our wholesale options.  For example, it would be a bummer to have 5,000 trays of an item not selling in our stores that we could easily wholesale to someone else if it were in a different pot.
My wife has a habit of breaking out the “We need to talk.” for completely non-serious things.

“We need to talk. ...... What do you want to have for lunch tomorrow?”  The problem is that she say in it a serious tone.  Then five seconds later she back to her goofy self.
Dry socket. Been there. Not fun. 
I witnessed a horrible crash in front of me just before Christmas a few years ago. I have first responder training so I stopped to see if I could help. The driver died in my arms as I tried to support her neck. There was no way to attempt CPR since the door, roof, and wheel were smashed in around her. I was able to crawl into the back seat after I got the other two passengers out.  Luckily, she was unconscious so I don’t think she suffered. 

Later I found out that she had a five year old son. I drive by that spot every day and think about it often. At first I felt guilty like I should’ve been able to do more, but there just wasn’t a way to get to her.


WE ARE!
I have two buds ready to pop at any moment.
I simplified it a bit, but, yes, that's basically what's happening.
I'm on the Ron Swanson diet.
The whole office was gathered around my laptop.
He does host workshops and mountain climbing expeditions.  There's definitely something to it.  The key is commitment.

I spend on average 10-15 minutes in a shower that hovers usually just above freezing (34-40F) every morning.  (I use a cooking thermometer to measure the temperature.)  It's taken a few months to work up to that. I couldn't even get near that cold at first.  I feel like it has definitely made a difference.

I feel like if I really devoted myself to it and was in better shape (working on that), I could definitely do some of the same stuff he does.  Heck, maybe one of these days I'll go on one of the expeditions he hosts.
Yep.  I practice the /r/wimhof method.  During the breathing cycles you basically pump your blood full of oxygen during a controlled hyperventilation.  Then you hold your breath until you feel the urgent need to breathe (usually about 3 minutes after a few rounds).  Finally, you inhale a deep breath and hold it for 10-15 seconds once again flooding your cells with oxygen.  You're basically biohacking the CO2 response.  It's also a heck of a rush.
My sister-in-law and her husband is a huuuuge Tolkien fan and fantasy in general.  They're also really into board games.  He spends a ton of time making game pieces.  They live in the Huntington / Barboursville area.  Heck, my wife and I are huge nerds too.  However, I'm more into sci-fi and she's more into period pieces like Jane Austen, etc. We live about 40 minutes up the Ohio River.  If you're looking for a guide, I know the area pretty well.
My college built new dorms, a new student center, fitness center, biotech building, engineering building, and remodeled a building downtown into a new graphic design school after I graduated.  The campus basically doubled in size.  

I got invited to speak to a couple business classes a few months back.  Remembering the lack of visitor parking, I called ahead.  "Just park in the 6th Avenue garage.  We'll validate your parking."  WTF?  There's not a garage on sixth avenue.  That's all frat houses.  Nope!  A brand new garage.  I'm sure I sounded like an old fart talking to those classes.  "Back in 2005, I had to walk from the stadium ... in the snow! ...."

Edit: Go Herd.
Well ... we know it's already legal to abort a cake before it's baked.  Wait.
Yep. I have a Kenyan friend and his wife had to go back to Kenya for almost two years before she was allowed to return. The amount of paperwork was staggering.
It’s a defense mechanism like a frightened Mitch McConnell retreating into his shell. 
As a proud carnivore, vegan outrage always annoys me.
I still refuse to change my flair.
My wife watches The Bachelor / Bachelorette.  Arie had better send that fake Krystal bitch home tonight!  Also, I now sub to /r/thebachelor
Ham, pineapple, and .... bacon!
A good old spanking works wonders. The one spanking I remember from childhood was because I got in the pool alone. I didn’t do that again.
9 am? I get up at 5:30 am and go to bed around 10:30 pm. No nap. 
We’re in the process of remodeling our house right now so we have occasional meltdowns where the total disorganization at the moment catches up with us. Last month, for example, we discovered that the insurance policy on my Jeep had been canceled because we misplaced the bill since our office stuff is in storage. Our whole organization system has devolved into a series of piles in the bedroom (currently the only room with furniture).  Hopefully, we’ll be able to finish the kitchen by May and then finish up the rest of the main living areas including the office.
Welcome to adulthood. That’s pretty much my schedule. Up at 5:30 for morning workout and prayer, see my wife out the door at 6:15, then I take a shower (ending with a nice cold shower /r/wimhof style), and then I fix a cup of coffee and take my meds. Then I’m out the door by 7 am.
9 am? I get up at 5:30 am and go to bed around 10:30 pm. No nap. 
That train reminds me of how the shipping containers are stacked in that Millennium Falcon concept art.
My wife and I both have ADHD. If it wasn’t for her Google calendar and my bullet journal, we wouldn’t be able to adult. 
Yep. You can also shred and freeze for bread later.
I must decline because my employer is both sexist and racist.
He left another voicemail a few minutes later. He figured it out. 
My degree isn’t even related to my career. 
Yep. I tried ordering a $20 light once and it wanted to charge me $400 in shipping. Luckily, I have an IKEA nearby now.
IT guy here. My wife and I were awakened this morning by dad calling because he couldn’t log into his laptop. 
I totally get that. Once I resigned I discovered there was political motivation behind how I was treated. My uncle was on the BOE a decade prior and the principal still had a grudge.
Yep. You gotta have some browning.
Well ... I am from West Virginia.

The great thing was when I resigned 6 other teachers did that same year.
As a former teacher, I guarantee he would get raked over the coals by the admins at my school (part of the reason why I resigned).  You had to teach “bell to bell”. I taught science and got in trouble during an observation because the students finished cleaning up early after a lab. They got to sit quietly for a couple minutes. I should’ve used that precious time more wisely!
I was in a 6-5 military style marching band.  The more flams and rudiments the better.  I still have Downfall of Paris and a bunch of other cadences memorized.
Regular tennis ball couldn't withstand her destructive power.  Instead, I would buy the optional hard rubber balls for the Chuck-It.

Edit:  I also got her one of those Kong frisbees that's supposed to be indestructible.  She ripped the middle out of it.  [She would then carry it around like this.](https://imgur.com/tWtsdAx)
Ian McDiarmid's character in Britannia was [pretty awesome](/s "Too bad his character died a few episodes in.") (spoiler).
I know that look.

"Yeah.  I did this.  Whatcha gonna do about it?"
LOL!  Mine hated frosty grass.  I lived on a farm and trained her to go to the hay field while I watched from the porch (or inside the door during the winter).  She refused to go off the back sidewalk if it was frosty.  She would squat with her bottom out over the grass.
[Mine died four years ago.](https://imgur.com/a/JCJRV)  I miss her so much.  They're definitely not a pet for couch potatoes.  At the time I was living on my family's 25 acre farm so she had plenty of room to play.  Her favorite thing was playing fetch with a [Chuck-It](https://www.chewy.com/chuckit-sport-launcher-color-varies/dp/38363).  She also enjoyed going on hikes.

I totally get what you're saying about them needing to bleed off extra energy.  Gypsy would spend most of the day inside if my parents weren't home to doggysit.  Then I would have to play with her when I got home to tire her out for bed.  Otherwise, I would wake up with every dog toy in the house around me, and [something like this](https://imgur.com/agzq4).

These dogs are pure, indestructible muscle.  My cousin, who has two, describes them as tanks with fur.  I saw one of his get kicked by a horse once.  It just got up, shook it off, and continued playing.  One time Gypsy ripped off one of her toenails while diving for a ball playing fetch.  It was just hanging by a thread.  I had no choice but to go ahead and rip it off.  She just buried her head in my armpit like she knew what had to be done.  Five minutes later she was ready to play again.
Give it a hug for me.  [I miss mine so much.](https://imgur.com/a/JCJRV)
[My ACD used to accompany me to work occasionally.](https://imgur.com/1VCkQ)  Dang. I miss her.
The basic design of the printer hasn't changed in a decade.  Heck, the old drivers even work with newer models.  I think the ink changing is just a conspiracy to get you to buy more ink.
I have a 10 year old Targus bag from Wal-Mart that I'm still using.  However, [I now opt for a backpack](https://imgur.com/beGeTit) when going to conferences and trade shows.
17 years isn't that long ago.  Source:  I'm old.
We’ve used them for the last 10 years. I think I know more about them than our local Xerox tech. The last time we had one die while still under warranty, I was able to diagnose it by going into the super secret maintenance menus and running the diagnostics myself.  When one dies I always scavenge it for spare parts. All of ours are currently running with additional RAM because I’ve used old RAM to fill in the open slots.  That’s a pricey upgrade if you go through Xerox.
I may complain, but they’re really the best fit for my company. We’re a wholesale greenhouse so any prints that go to the greenhouse (inventory reports, order pull sheets, treatment reports, etc.) need to hold up against getting wet. The wax is basically waterproof. Also for signs in our retail locations, we print on vinyl 8.5 x 11 sheets. That way they’re waterproof without needing to be laminated. The only problem we have with signs is that the colors fade in sunlight after a few weeks.
That's almost as bad as Xerox changing the shape of the wax ink blocks for their Phaser / Colorqube printers.  Not only do they change the shape, they also change the melting point of the ink.
Da dee dumm do deee ... Young man!  There's no need to feel down.  I said, young man! ....
I'm the primary admin for my company's FB page so I can't exactly delete it.  However, I seldom post to my account or view what others are posting.  FB is still valuable for our business because our primary demographic are middle-aged to elderly.
Marketer for a small to mediumish company here.  Google analytics in a valuable tool.  Like the content your favorite websites create?  That's probably because they've research the analytics from Google, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, etc. to tailor their content to the audience that is most responsive.  In my office I have a [set of dashboards](https://www.cyfe.com/) that I keep on a monitor to watch daily.  I meet regularly with our store managers and upper management to plan our marketing campaigns.  These tools make analytics data easily accessible for small companies.
That I could stand in a building that was built before America was discovered.  Smaller houses and building that were built in the 16-1700s aside, most massive buildings, like cathedrals, in the US are just a couple hundred years old.  Heck, there's structures like Mousa Broch that were constructed before the Romans arrived.
> Way less sugar than in the US.

I think that depends more on economics and access more than anything.  I grew up poor, but on a farm in a rural area.  We grew 75% of our food including meats (hunting too).  Now that I'm more successful my wife and I still raise a garden to can veggies and have a chicken coop in our back yard for eggs and meat.  Sugary beverages actually make me nauseous.  I prefer water or just black coffee.

It comes down to access.  I've been blessed to grow up poor in a rural area, and now own enough property to grow much of my own food.  I'm sure I would've been obese had I grown up poor in a city.  They don't have access to fresh food, and junk is cheaper.
It depends on the company.  At mine we get two weeks of "paid time off" that can be used for both vacation and sick days.  It doesn't roll over so you get a check at the end of the year for any unused time.  However, the company is pretty flexible with scheduling.  For example, I need to take tomorrow off for a doctor appointment so they let me work four 10 hour days to get my time in for this week.  Also, I sometimes attend trade shows so I might get 40+ hours in a couple days and then take the rest of the week off.
We’ve had lab-grown cancer cells for decades. [They’re basically cancer cells taken from a donor long ago.](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Immortalised_cell_line)  A commonly used cell line is the HeLa line. They were taken from a patient named Henrietta Lacks in the 1950s.  IIRC she died a few months later. Also, the sample was taken without her consent.
My company is stuck on Windows 7 because our current production system won't run on anything newer.  ...  It's also running on SBS 2003 (in a VM).  I've been pleading with them for the last two years.  Last year we got an estimate for a new system.  The price tag was too high for the board.  FINALLY, I think I've talked some sense into our CFO, and we have a followup meeting with a firm that did a small development project for us last year.
Luck.  My degree was in science education with specializations in biology, general science, and technology.  I now manage the IT for a large wholesale greenhouse so I also get to use my knowledge of biology.  I also manage our website and do most of our content creation for online marketing.  I also head up our educational outreach programs.

I lost it when watching the episode because they had no clue how to use that telescope.  They were looking through the finder scope, not the actual telescope.
When I was in college I once went to room 214 instead of room 414 two floors up.  This was halfway through the semester.  Dang. That was awkward.
This happened to me too when I became a teacher.  I switched to a career in IT a decade ago, and I still have this dream occasionally.
I went to college to be a teacher, taught for a couple years, and hated every second of it.  I resigned and have now had a career in IT for close to 10 years.  I still occasionally have a nightmare where I forgot to prepare my lesson plans and have no clue what I'm teaching.
Is that in Mapfre Stadium?
When my wife and I were dating she was getting her masters degree in education.  Over Thanksgiving break she came with me to work every day to work on her final project.  .... However, I cleared it with my boss ahead of time.
> they were a socialist oligarchy

Exactly what Bernie would want.  It comes down to the basic ideology that the democrats see the government as the savior of the people.  Therefore, we should give all of our money to the government and let them handle everything.

On the other hand, many of us believe we need a smaller government and less of their "help".
Same.
^^Just ^^like ^^the ^^last ^^one.
Yes.  Also, because I wear a full face mask with my bi-PAP, I'll often dream that snakes are biting my face.  Sometimes I'll dream that it's a facehugger from Alien.
Has anyone tried developing a language using whale noise samples?  It seems like that might be a viable compromise.
Yes.  I've heard "tough as nails" used often to describe them.  When I was little and would get a scrape grandma's favorite saying was "it's too far from your heart to kill you".  I can also remember grandpa digging splinters out of my hand with his pocket knife.
Got wood?
I have sleep apnea and sometimes have night terrors.  I can relate.
Sanders a moderate?  [He's a straight up commie.](https://youtu.be/zJBjjP8WSbc)
[Actually, we scrub it.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scrubber) ... kinda.
Umm. No. They may not approve of Trump, but the Democrats have gone batshit crazy too. Much like the alt-right, the leftist SJWs are ruining the democratic party. Personally, I registered as a nonpartisan long ago. Luckily, may state has open primaries so I can choose what ballot I want the day of the primary.
You mean like a those laws Obama refused to enforce.
Shhhh! That doesn’t fit the narrative!
I was 33 when we bought the house. I was lucky to be able to swing a 15 year mortgage.  Luckily, my wife and I both have careers that we’re in for the long haul. I work for a wholesale greenhouse in a good position to transition into a leadership role as some of the owners retire. My wife is a school teacher at the elementary she attended as a child.
Prior to getting married, I lived in my grandparents farmhouse for close to 10 years. Grandpa built it in the 1930s. He used to say all he had was a handsaw, a hammer, and a hatchet. Someone kept stealing the lumber so he and grandma moved into the house before it was finished to guard the supplies. They basically built a cabin at first with a bedroom and living room. Then, they added on a kitchen, dining room, and another bedroom later. After the bulk of the house was built, grandpa dug out the basement by hand.

When I moved in I converted the front bedroom into an office and restored the floors in the front two rooms. Sometime in the 1970s they covered the wood floors with shag carpet. Then later they converted the dining room to a bedroom and the back bedroom that was mom’s into an indoor bathroom. Up until mom graduated high school in 1971, they just had an outhouse. For bathing they used a washtub in the basement and then, later a shower where the coal storage used to be.
Already ran that last November.
> He blatantly disregards democratic process and actively attempts to subvert it when possible.

Just like Executive Order Obama.
This sounds very much like my house.  The previous owner was renting it and the tenants left a fire unattended in the fireplace.  Prior to putting the house up for sale it got a new roof and hardwood flooring.  However, they did a pretty crappy job patching the existing plaster.  We moved a few doors, [refinished one floor that wasn't replaced](https://imgur.com/a/wzRwc). and completely redrywalled the house.  The big project now [is the kitchen](https://imgur.com/a/bytKg) which was still the original 1960s kitchen.
Yep. We got ours for $125K and have put $17K into remodeling so far.  I think we could easily ask $250K for it now.
Snare drummer here.  What?
I'm so glad I bought my home when ol'bummer was president.  Buy low, sell high!
> The Golden Sun of the Great East

Just started listening to it.  It's pretty great.
[Like this?](https://media.giphy.com/media/eb4WGfjWeIsgM/giphy.gif)
I was really into Juno Reactor in the mid-2000s.  I've been on an electro swing kick for the last few months.  However, I have a pretty eclectic taste in music ranging from classical to classic country.
Also, doughnuts and coffee.
You obviously don’t watch the local news then.
Me: Hey, our state is in the front page.


Wife: What now?  Drugs?  It must be drugs.
We have a four year prank war going strong.
That’s just standard horseynese. 
*[Mona Lisa Overdrive Intensifies](https://youtu.be/hMqenL2A9co?t=2m20s)*
[14 year old me was the cowbell master.](https://youtu.be/Y0keu_aNQ7Y?t=5m2s)
I ... [I already have a flamethrower](http://a.co/a8ovMsb).  And yes, it is quite fun.
My wife is still mad at me for laughing while she was coming out of anesthesia after a surgery.  She had to have a catheter in recovery, and she kept telling the nurses that they "broke her pee pee".  When they released her, it took dad and I to help her to the car.  When we got back to the motel and laid her back in the bed she cried because the popcorn ceiling was ugly.  (We were remodeling our house at the time.)  My favorite was when she told her mom to get her Reese's, her favorite candy.  Then when her mom got back, she threw it off the bed because Reese's are nasty.  She basically has no memory of anything she said during those 24 hours.  ...  Except for what I got on video.
This is why I get stuff delivered to my office.  Luckily, my employer doesn't mind.
[PillPack](https://www.pillpack.com/) is the way to go.  My wife takes a ton of pills due to allergies, asthma, and other health issues.  I also use them for my blood pressure and OTC pills.
/r/wimhof would disagree.  After a couple rounds of breathing, I can hold my breath for around three minutes.  However, I've been practicing the breathing for a few months now.
Here in the US our tax code is over 16,000 pages. For fear of screwing something up, I always go to an accountant. I have a side business of building websites for small companies so my taxes always have an added layer of complexity with self employment income. However, I manage my accountant’s website and he does my taxes for free. It’s a good deal.
So the Dutch were spying on the Russians spying on the US?
Are there any laws concerning flashing beacons on towers? A cell tower went up near me back in September and it still doesn’t have any lights on it.  All the ones nearby have beacons.  Being along the Ohio River it is a pretty busy area for low flying aircraft.
I could watch John Hettish video on Youtube all day.
I just casually watch during lunch occasionally so I never even noticed they had switched up the format.

Edit: I more of a Ear Biscuit fan.
Check the pressure. I had one that would do this when a tank got near empty and the pressure would drop. It triggered the safety valve that closes in the event of a leak.
Also, if you don’t live in the town / county you can sometimes pay for a card. I live on the border with another state and a local town library is awesome. You can get a card for $30/year if you’re not a resident. They also host a ton of events throughout the year. 
I have a friend that could probably mill an adapter out of stainless. How long did it take to assemble? Do you think it could be knocked out in a week?
Awesome! We debated on moving the sink, but the plumbing was already there, and I like looking outside while doing dishes. I’m planning on a nice flower bed and bird feeder outside that window.  It’s been fun to work out this stuff as we go. Changing the door locations completely changed the feel of the house.
How did it go? Do you have any photos of the process?  My wife and I are planning on doing our kitchen through IKEA. Right now we’re saving and planning. In June my company goes through a “slow” period so I’m planning on taking a week off to do the installation. [Here’s my current progress.](https://imgur.com/a/bytKg)
I’ve never considered that some people have to rent space for their dogs. I grew up on a 25 acre farm and lived in my grandparents house on the same property after college for about 10 years. After about 6 months of training, I could just let my dog out to do its own thing and then call it back after a few minutes. Then for longer play sessions, I would accompany them, but never on a leash.

A few years ago my last dog, a blue heeler, passed away and I got married and moved. Now I live on a smaller lot next to a busy highway. Also, my wife is terribly allergic to dogs so it looks like Gypsy was as my last.
i.e. this isn’t Hoth ... (but it’s totally Hoth).
Cool. I’ve been following Fran’s project. This is too rich for my blood though.
Yep. It’s a rural thing. I live in the same county my family has lived in since the late 1700s. Everyone knows everyone. It baffles my wife who grew up in a more urban area. She makes me do the shopping because I usually run into a few people I know while buying groceries.  At the company I work at we like to say we’re like family, but in reality it’s pretty close to that since everyone is somebody’s cousin.
Coming at this from the point of view of being an “evangelical” Christian, I think the reason why most Christians deny climate change is that they would have to admit that burning fossil fuels and the damage it caused was a sin. Think about that! Granny driving to church on Sunday is committing a sin! The horror!!!

I think that is totally the case. While we can mitigate the effects, I think the overall nature of the use of fossil fuels is sinful at its core. Look at the wars, greed, and pollution created by our use of fossil fuel.

Heck, global warming even fits with the narrative of the end times. The Bible says the Earth itself will experience pain and suffering awaiting the return of Jesus. Then you add in famine, wars, etc. .... I don’t see why they’re blind to that.
This reminds me of one of my company’s retail locations. At the time I started it was the oldest produce market in Ohio. The central part of the building was built in the 1800s. The electrical closet looked very much like this with wiring dating back nearly a century layered in too. It was a great day when we opened a new store next door and demolished that building.  It was even more fun getting to design and install the new network.
BRING FORTH THE HOLY HAND GRENADE!!!!
> Get some value out of it.

That's debatable.
I thought this was rdavidr for a second.
We used old bathtubs here in WV.  I need to get one of these.  I've been looking for something to take ice baths in outside.
This is how lightsabers are made.
My wife is an elementary teacher.  At the start of summer break the cooks have to get rid of any leftover foods.  My wife brought home a whole case of chocolate.  It twas a good summer.
That’s, like, a lot.

FTFY
I'm the IT manager for a wholesale greenhouse.  We have an onsite soil production facility.  You could literally grow plants in some of PCs I've cleaned out.  I try to clean them on a six month rotation.
Same here.  I also usually "ease" into it by going from my usual hot shower, to 50% cold, and then fully cold.  We've been having days near or below freezing and our water get supplied by a tank on a nearby hill a few miles away.  Initially it is painfully cold, but I find that it I focus and slow my breathing, I can stay in for around 5 minutes with no problem.

However, today I woke up late, rushed the breathing, push ups, and stretching.  I just wasn't in the right mindset going into the shower.  I usually look forward to it, but today I had no desire.
/r/wimhof would enjoy this.  As a practitioner, I shower with water close to this same temperature every morning.
Harambe's ghost looks down upon us!
Slack?
I’m nonpartisan, but I like Jenkins. He has visited my company a number of times. He’s always friendly and willing to listen to our suggestions and concerns.

I remember a couple years ago when the flood happened. While house Democrats were sitting on the chamber floor like pouting babies, Jenkins was on the ground here in WV helping coordinate relief efforts. Somebody made a meme. The contrast was striking.
You gotta use the brain in the gravy after frying it up.
I too grew up poor in West Virginia. Now I’m passing that knowledge on to my wife who grew up in the big city (Huntington). This year we canned pickles, green beans, grape juice, jams, and froze corn, tomatoes, and kale. We also had a ton of other fresh veggies and I have about 20 lbs of potatoes left in storage.  My cousin is a trapper so we just had some squirrel earlier this week.

As a bit of a modern twist, I grow a ton of food under LED grow lights inside during the winter. I have miscellaneous herbs, leaf lettuce, and microgreens growing. Then I also have onions and garlic sprouting in water. Finally, I also grow sprouts. I currently have a batch of alfalfa sprouts ready.

Then there’s your standard poor folk staples like cabbage and kielbasa, beans and cornbread, and homemade bread. However, I also use modern shortcuts for these. For example, using an Instant Pot pressure cooker, you can make cabbage and kielbasa in about 20 minutes. Then for bread I use a bread machine.

We eat pretty darn good and healthy for not a lot of money. We usually spend less than $50 per week on food.  The main things we buy at the store are basics like flour. The biggest expense, due to my wife’s lactose intolerance, is buying almond milk.
It's different with farm animals.  I grew up on a farm and sometimes got attached to the animals.  It definitely gives you an appreciation for meat.  I particularly remember a pig named Ivan that we had when I was in elementary school.  I'd lie if I said I didn't shed a tear the day we butchered him.  However, he was pretty tasty that winter.  My cousin made [head cheese](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Head_cheese) with Ivan and it was amazing!
They have Internet at their stores and companies both big and small have the potential to be screwed by the repeal.
Whoa! Richard Hammond visited your shop?
The last chevron is locked. We have a stable wormhole. 
Same here. Probably the craziest thing I did was doughnuts in a few snowy parking lots and spray painting a chicken... but that’s a whole different story.
I have never seen this version. I’m glad for that. However, the knowledge that this exists makes me sad.
I found that the amount of yeast the recipe calls for is too much. I like a denser loaf for my morning toast and jam.
MARSHALL!!!!!
Awesome!

Also, I have the same bread maker.  The "Rapid Loaf" recipe in the manual is pretty good.  Also, the Italian Herb Bread is always a hit a family gatherings.  My 5 year old nephew cried at Christmas because I didn't bring a loaf.  Forget the Lego Ninjago set we got him, he wanted bread!
I got it .... but I have a BA in science education.
The door was jettisoned to expose the instruments like cameras, and other instruments. They were the j-type missions (15, 16, and 17). Apollo 15 also had the first deep space EVA to retrieve the film and deploy a small satellite by hand.
I would like to, but my schedule usually only allows for Cultivate.
We rely on paging over the phones for the office area.  This pair is tied to the 1/8 inch TS output on our Cisco UC-320.  It then runs to an amp in the production building that is connected to a few loudspeakers.
Yep. I live in West Virginia. It’s extremely cheap. However, pay is also a bit low so it balances out. Combined my wife and I make around $100K. Her sister and husband live in Columbus, OH and have nearly the same careers (teaching and marketing respectively).  They make about $50K more than us.

We live on a 1.5 acre lot with a 4,000 sqft house and a detached 3 car garage. We got it for $125,000. Their smaller house on a smaller lot in an HOA was $350,000. 

Then there’s food costs. We cook at home most of the time. I happen to work for a company that operates a number of garden centers/produce markets.  I get a 15% discount on about half of our groceries. Then we tend to shop around for better deals on the rest like Aldi or Piggly Wiggly.

The only downside is the drive. My wife and I both work 90 minutes apart so we each have 45 minute commutes. Then if we want to do something like go to a concert, it’s usually a few hour drive to a bigger city like Columbus or Cincinnati.  Fuel costs and wear on vehicles is a big expense.

Ultimately, my wife and I love West Virginia and couldn’t imagine living anywhere else. We love our mountain momma.

Edit: I forgot to add that after mortgage and other expenses, we’re able to move about $2,000 a month into savings. 
I have a 110 block in my server room with 4 lines being used.  They go to dumb phones in the production areas and one pair is used for paging.
Here’s my [sleep study photo](https://i.imgur.com/yjNvU6z.jpg).  The technician liked my shirt. This was for a titration after a few years of using a CPAP so I had less wires. The results of this lead to me being switched to a bi-PAP and having the pressure increased. I started doing the [Wim Hof Method](https://www.wimhofmethod.com/) a few months ago, and I’m really seeing a big improvement. 
Not me, but my wife caught her ex by sneaking a look at his phone. She immediately took the phone to her parents’ and got photos of the messages. There were dick pics ... but not his dick.
My wife and I bought a house a couple years ago. There had been a fire in the living room a few years before and they had remodeled most of the rooms. They also installed smoke detectors in every single room. 

A few months after we moved in and begun our own remodeling project, I started hearing a faint chirping occasionally, but couldn’t locate it. This went on for weeks. It turns out they had installed a detector in the attic!
and the guy/gal driving the truck is a “honey dipper”.
Nah. That’s the version from the alternate universe.
My wife is like the opposite of this. She has asthma attacks brought on by cats.  Maybe the cat is allergic to humans.
Something like this would make a nice bedside lamp. The best decision I made while remodeling our house was adding dimmers to the bedroom and bathroom lights.
Or, I don’t know, maybe it was just poorly written. I’m talking Phantom Menace “Yippie!” bad.
Definitely. It’s still annoying though when it does happen. 
We use Xerox ColorQubes at our company.  They print out a start up page every time the power is cycled.
This is like some dystopian cat sci-fi where oppressive humans capture and sterilize cats.  [I want to hear the story of the cat resistance.](https://imgur.com/OMQMTpd)
YAY!  I missed the end of the season, and we don't have cable at home.
From West Virginia.  Can confirm.
[It beats Andrew Jackson's strategy.](https://goo.gl/5nl79)
My company ships temperature sensitive stuff, live plants. In each shipment that doesn’t go via our own fleet, we include a small temperature logger that the receiving company sends back. It definitely helps us sort out claims. 

For example, we had a customer in Florida file a claim. The data logger showed that the boxes went over 120F *after* they were delivered i.e. they failed to open the boxes and move the plants to a cool place.  The funny thing was on the next shipment the logger got “misplaced” on their end, and they had the audacity to try to file another claim. Needless to say, we fired that customer.
This is one reason why my company, a wholesale greenhouse, has our own fleet. Occasionally, we have to ship with freight carriers like Swift. It accounts for maybe less than 5% of or shipments, but about 90% of our claims.
Yep. My dad has nearly this exact setup in his workshop, but it is set up to hold the door open on windy days.
Not to mention the maneuver that invalidates every battle ever in Star Wars.
Same here.  Heck, I even went a second time to see it, and, if anything, it made me have no desire to see another Star Wars anything.  ....  Basically, the same feeling I have for  the crap load of horrible Marvel movies.  They're all eye candy (or an attempt at eye candy) and no substance.

There were multiple points in TLJ where they could've made a gutsy move to expand the story, but they're stuck in the limited universe of Star Wars.  Heck, I would've loved to see Kylo turn, Rey turn, Luke not milk a sea cow, Finn sacrifice himself, or anything remotely outside the box.
[He's the horse of a different color you've heard tales about!](https://youtu.be/lN75xqpqCGE)
Definitely.  The only complaint that I had was with their ticketing system.  They use Etix which suuuuucks.  Due to a communication error, I accidentally purchased one ticket too many.  They have a strict no refund policy.  However, I was able to donate our extra ticket to a group of people that were fleeing hurricane Irma and looking for something to get their minds off what was happening in Florida.
Look at it this way, your body is basically a galaxy of atoms.
So this is the farm my first dog went to when she got sick?
Yep.  I went in September with my wife, her sister, and my nieces and nephew.  It was pretty cheesy, but also pretty awesome.  [Here are some photos from our day there.](https://imgur.com/a/mAQfd)  I took a bunch more, but don't feel comfortable showing the niblings.
I combine the breathing with my daily yoga routine. Basically, yoga, breathing, pushups, and then a headstand to finish. Then I hop in the shower and go full on cold for the last few minutes.  I get up with my wife at 5:30 am and do the exercises while she is getting ready. If I time it right, I’m usually done when she leaves at 6:20.  Then I get my shower, meds, and coffee.  I’m out the door by 7:00.
This is awesome.  I work for a large wholesale greenhouse, and we work closely with a bunch of area schools to teach gardening skills.  I handle a bunch of our educational outreach.  Kimbal should team up with [seedyourfuture.org](http://www.seedyourfuture.org/).
/r/unlimitedbreadsticks would like a word.
The privacy flip up gadget thingy always got to me.  It's an LED book light from Dollar General.  I had one about the time this movie came out.  They either replaced the LED or just put a red color gel over it.
> at the very least take their social views to extremes that make them unreasonable.

This could be said of much of the rhetoric on the left as well.  Heck, CNN recently published an article titled[ "Why kids love 'fascist' cartoons like 'Paw Patrol' and 'Thomas'"](http://www.cnn.com/2017/12/22/health/thomas-tank-engine-paw-patrol-fascist-cartoon-strauss/index.html)
aaaand back to the echo chamber.
After using the podcast app for years, I finally downloaded Stitcher today.  Why did they make the podcast app so horrible?
OK. I have to tell my wife. That’s my nickname for her. 
Being really shy in my youth (funny because my career regularly involves public speaking), I didn’t start dating until I was in my late 20s. Before meeting my wife, I dated four people. The longest relationship was 6 months prior to meeting my wife.

My wife and I met via eHarmony. All I can say is answer all the questions and take it seriously. When I met my wife, I knew she was the one after a couple dates. We got engaged three months later and married three months after that. We’re coming up on five years and couldn’t be happier.
If you want a simple bread that’s easy to slap together, check out Irish Soda Bread.  I love a fresh slice of it toasted with some jam.

When it comes to regular bread, I always go the bread machine route. Generally, everyone loves it because they’re used to crappy store-bought stuff. At Christmas, my five-year-old nephew cried because I didn’t bring the herb bread that I brought at Thanksgiving.
Due to misspelling an email address, I got a $10,000 shipment of flowering annual seedlings incinerated by Canadian customs.  Basically, the paperwork for the phytosanitary certificate never got to who it needed to go to.  No paperwork meant they couldn't verify that the shipment was free of invasive insects, diseases, etc.  At the end of the day, it wasn't that much compared to our overall sales volume.  Heck, we had a similar shipment of plants get lost by FedEx a few weeks back.  They found the pallets setting on a tarmac in the snow.  That's one reason why we include [temperature loggers](http://www.onsetcomp.com/products/data-loggers/ua-001-64) in large shipments.
I rest my case.
Do you eat meat?
Not really.  They help control animal populations and make a decent profit in the process.
So as a marketer, it's time to start investing in other platforms.
He didn't mind the gap.
Ben 2020
This makes me sad. Still too soon. 
and infinite fuel. 
Fancy tree coffins.
Come join us at /r/preppers
A someone who practices [Wim Hof](https://www.wimhofmethod.com/), I want to know the opposite at the end of my shower. Right now with it being winter, I can crank it down cold enough to give myself a nice, exhilarating brain freeze.
I would love to take another trip to Peru. I spent a couple weeks in Arequipa about 10 years ago. It was a beautiful place with friendly people.  Living here in the US, I’ve had a decade long craving for mate de coca.
I've easily climbed this high up a tree before when I was a kid.

Edit: In college I worked at a power plant cleaning coal belts.  I would often work in area hundreds of feet off the ground.
No, but I do speak English correctly.
I totally agree with you. I actually switched to being registered as a nonpartisan in this last election. I feel like both parties are in a race to the bottom.
My dad had a significant lazy eye. He had a ton of corrective surgeries as a child. Now they’re fine, but he lost his depth perception as a result.
This reminds me of a fun story. A high school friend is a state policeman. He had a K-9, but due to health reasons she had to be retired early. (Luckily, it was nothing life threatening.)  He adopted her. Skip to a few weeks later, his parents are dogsitting for him. 

His dad walks with Maggie down to the local 7-Eleven. As they’re leaving, they walk by a very shady looking van. Maggie promptly sits down and refuses to move. She’s smelled drugs in the van.  She’s waiting on her toy (which he doesn’t have) and praise for a job well done. 

Meanwhile, two very sketchy looking guys in the van are eyeballing Maggie and Steve. ... They know what’s up. He makes some excuse in dad-like fashion while tugging at her leash. “Will ya look at that. She must be tired.”  Once around the corner, Steve calls his son with a description of the van and the license number. An hour later these guys are in custody for drugs... and stolen firearms.

Note: I changed the names. 
I’m a conservative, but I’m not a fan of Trump.  However, I do agree with his stance on immigration. Importing the third world into the US isn’t the best was to help. Heck, we shouldn’t even be sending aid.  There’s nothing racist about that. We aren’t the savior of the world and we have no obligation to be.  I’d rather see my tax dollars spent on a homeless veteran than seeing it sent off to some foreign land where it is too little to have any lasting effects.
Yep. A girl I went to high school with was on the VFD. ... She later got arrested for arson. Now she’s a 911 dispatcher. 
Here in WV broken down cars come standard.
Yep. I live in an unincorporated town on a 1.5 acre lot with generally awesome neighbors. Heck, the neighbor at the end of my street has a truck so he always drops off everyone’s can after the trash runs. We have to drag our cans to the end of the street since there’s a dead end on our street. I’ll get home from work and the can will magically be setting back in its place next to the garage.  

We also don’t have fences between our properties. We just have posts that mark the corners. When we mow, we all overlap by one stripe. Then we take turns mowing around the stuff at the end of the street that the state technically owns, but never takes care of.
Defending Trump is simply done by the left’s logic in this case.

- THOSE COUNTRIES AREN’T SHITHOLES YOU RACIST!!!!

- We can’t send illegals back to those countries because those countries are shitholes.
Aliens. Really?
I don't think it's actually him, but dang it sounds like him.
Yep.  I went from a Tandy 1000 with a green CRT to a Gateway 2000 running Windows 95.
As a kid, I actually liked Bob.  I spent way too much time customizing my virtual house.
Ebay. I regularly buy NASA memorabilia on Ebay. I mainly collect old electronic components, but other stuff too like milk glass mugs commemorating various missions. When I buy hardware I buy spares that weren’t space flown. Space flown hardware usually has a pretty high price tag. 

My favorite piece is a circuit board from the Apollo flight simulators.  Basically, since the Apollo Guidance Computers cost so much to build, they built much bigger, functional replicas of them using off-the-shelf parts.  A guy whose dad worked at NASA as a technician during the Apollo era found the boards in a box in his dad’s garage when he passed away. 

I was able to get the most promising looking board for $35 on Ebay. Then it took me a few months to track down someone who could identify exactly what it was.  I found a guy that is in the process of restoring a similar model computer that was used to control a radio telescope at Green Bank Observatory.  Figuring out what I had after buying it was the best part.

The holy grail for me would be an LVDC board or an AGC component.  Those represent the two critical computers that allowed us to go to the moon. ....  However, I’m still trying to talk my wife into letting me buy a space flown Shuttle circuit board.  Anyone have $5,000 I can borrow?
We’re pilgrims in a foreign land on Reddit. 
[Here ya go.](https://youtu.be/Le4hG6BMg80)
Same here.  Last Sunday we had a power failure that was just long enough to go past the shutdown limit on the UPSs.  Everything would have to be manually rebooted.  I knew what was happening because my phone was blowing up with texts and growl alerts from my monitoring systems.  A few hours later I got a call from our CEO.  He wanted to know if I could walk him through restarting everything so I wouldn't have to come in extra early on Monday.  A facetime call and 10 minutes later we had everything back online.
Except they watered it down and made the mythology G-rated.  I want a gritty Maui origin story about him stealing fire from the fingernails of Mahuika, his wife becoming the goddess of death, and how his hook is the jaw-bone of his ancestress, Muri-ranga-whenua.
Pervy uses aside, Matt Lauer had the better button.
No, no, no!!! Don't mention that!! That doesn't fit the narrative!
I now want to build an easy button that plays various Trump soundbites.
Same.
Driving through snow ain't like dusting crops, boy.
[Might I suggest some driving music.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHGXfFJ2TMk)
Indeed.
Here I am in my private office with a fridge and microwave. 
I’m the opposite of that now. I’d rather have a Reese’s. 
No because teachers are paid at the state level.  The federal department of education serves no purpose other than wasting tax dollars that would be better spent by the states. 
I work for a garden center chain.  It amazes me how many times people return plants that are dead because they didn't water them, didn't plant them, left them in their car, etc.
[Are you these guys?](https://youtu.be/iaSUOFleNRU)
Then you pop it in the tester .... aaaaand "*Non-Parallel*".
I had a glorious lightning strike a few years ago that lead to an unscheduled upgrade of our HQ's network.  It was covered by insurance to boot!
I occasionally have to use it.  I always have to look it up.  Crossover cables too.  I usually end up with a shorter cable than I intended when making a crossover.
It depends.  Most of the networks I wire nowadays are gigabit speed with PoE.
Orange Stripe

Orange

Green Stripe

Blue

Blue Stripe

Green

Brown Stripe

Brown

--

I've terminated thousands of cables, and I still have to chant this like an IT monk.

EDIT: This comment was a total mistake due to my browser crashing as I posted. ... It fits. I’ll leave it. 
Orange Stripe

Orange

Green Stripe

Blue

Blue Stripe

Green

Brown Stripe

Brown

--

I've terminated thousands of cables, and I still have to chant this like an IT monk.
I don't know about that.  I still get to do cool science things.  [Like play with robots.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CxLePC_If4w)
This reminds me of when I was in high school in the 1990s.  Having watched too much Discovery Channel (it actually had educational programming then), I decided to write my 8th grade research paper on black holes.  The only problem was that my paper had to include an interview as a source.  How in the heck would I find an astrophysicist to interview in West Virginia?  

Luckily, we had just gotten a computer with Windows 95 and dial-up internet.  I don't remember how I located this guy, but I found the email address of a French astrophysicist.  Being over two decades ago, I can't remember the guy's name.  

I didn't want to sound like an idiot so my English teacher helped me craft my emails to him.  Despite some things getting lost in translation, he really helped me understand and visualize the concept of a black hole.  Ultimately, I went to college to be a biology teacher.  However, due to crappy pay in the US, I now work in IT for a private company.
I worked at a coal-fired power plant when I was in college.  My supervisor was nearly killed in the 1970s.  He was painting the transformer bays for one of the units that was offline for an outage.  It was hot out, and this was before hardhats were required so he didn't have on a shirt or hardhat.  What he didn't know was that there was a small transformer in the upper corner of one of the bays that powered the lights on the unit.  He was working on a ladder next to the transformer and bent over to get more paint on his brush.  It arced over to his head and exited through his left foot.  He had a bald spot, a Lichtenberg scar on his chest, and a missing left big toe.
I've had a crash course in it over the last few years dealing with not only international shipping, but shipping across state lines.  My main job is IT and online marketing, but I somehow got stuck with this job too since I do have a background in biology education.  My company ships so much stuff that the state Dept. of Ag. eventually got tired of driving here every other day to inspect a shipment.  

As a result, I'm the only non-government employee in the state authorized to issue phytosanitary certificates.  Basically, I do the inspections and review our crop treatment records as a proxy for the state.  Then I send the guy at the state a weekly report of our shipments that required certification.  

What's insane is keeping track of each state's laws.  Some states, like Oregon, require an advanced notice by FAX of the shipment along with a copy of the bill of lading, carrier information, and the shipping labels (if sent by FedEx/UPS).  Then you have other states where it just depends on if someone's in a bad mood.  We ship semi loads of product to Texas, and it's classified the same as us i.e. we have the same critters, diseases, etc.  There is no law requiring us to certify shipments going to TX.  However, I got a call once from one of our drivers at 4 am at a weigh station.  An inspector from the TX dept. of ag. was refusing the shipment because the diver didn't have a copy of our nursery license (something that's never required).  This was roughly half a million seedlings that had been in a truck for 12 hours.
Customs in Bermuda is insane.  I work for a wholesale greenhouse in the US and handle the paperwork for international shipments.  We once had $10,000 worth of poinsettia cuttings being sent to Bermuda for some millionaire's Christmas wedding.  

Basically, because of phytosanitary regulations we are unable to ship rooted plants unless they are grown from cuttings in a sterilized, soil-less growing media.  In this particular case we grew them in a cellulose sponge media.  Even with these precautions, we still had to have the samples tested for a particular type of nematode.  

I started researching the regulations and working on the paperwork for that shipment before we even received the unrooted cuttings to stick them.  The plants had a 6 week crop time, but I basically spent 12 weeks on red tape.
My wife likes this show, and she loved "Star Track" with "John Picard".
That and useless teacher unions.  My wife is a teacher and we have this conversation at least once a month.

Wife:  Pay for teachers is terrible.

Me:  Do you have a union? (two actually) Why not strike?
Our good friend Google Image Search got us. The image that was used was on a stock photo site and supposedly had a Creative Commons license that allowed for commercial use.  On our blog we try to use our own library of images whenever possible. However, if a photo like this is used we always link back to the source and the license listed. ..... That doesn’t help if they falsified the information.

We’re a relatively small company, a retail / wholesale garden center, so we don’t exactly have a huge marketing department (or budget for that matter). When we got the letter our CFO just said to pay it.  

On a funny side note, the rake was clearly branded with the logo of one of our suppliers. I was chatting with the CEO of that company at a trade show and shared the story. He wasn’t too happy Getty was profiting off of an image of their product.  I’m not sure if they ever pursued legal action.
Yep. My company got suckered out of $300 for a photo of a lawn rake on grass.
Nope. The only explanation the surgeon could offer was the fact that everyone at the church and in the community was praying for her. They had imaged it twice before from multiple angles. It was simply gone.
My mom had an aneurysm in the posterior communicating artery.  They prepped her for surgery, shaved head and all.  When they did a cath to update the images for the surgery, it was gone!  To quote the surgeon, "I don't prep people for brain surgery on a whim."  That was 20 years ago.
I'm subbed to both so I usually don't even notice.
Needs more Moore.
Now your great, great, great, great, great grandpa is trying to kill her.
The Voyagers are still plugging along albeit at a reduced power state.  Heck, they just fired the thrusters on Voyager 1 after 37 years.
That's what I did.  I'm an IT guy and content marketer with a BA in science education.
Embrace the pain. I sometimes get the equivalent of an ice cream headache. I find that if I focus on breathing, staying calm, and push through it, I really get a rush of adrenaline.  I practice the Wim Hof Method so that “rush” is really what I’m looking for.
Same here. I’m 35 and she’s 36.
Mid-30s
My wife and I are pretty irregular. The first “dry spell” we had we wondered if something was wrong. The thing is that we love each other, enjoy each other’s company, and that’s good enough. Furthermore, we’re getting older, we can’t have kids, and sex has always been painful for my wife due to endometriosis. Sex just isn’t that big of a part of our relationship. 
I’m currently reading this while taking a dump. My wife is brushing her teeth a feet away. I guess we’re a little too comfortable around each other.
[Here's a good example.](https://youtu.be/MFzDaBzBlL0)
Dang vegans. 
[They'd better add a warning for community college students.](https://youtu.be/5Qj8p-PEwbI)

[UBUNTUUUUU!](https://youtu.be/WRWrmT0ovPE)
SPAM, SPAM, SPAM!!!!!
Aaaaand I still don't have access to "broadband" at home.
OK, George. 
Coconut oil and a vibrator do the trick for my wife. That and plenty of, ahem, manual stimulation by me.  Above all take things slow. If you’re a dude reading this, communication is key.
Sure!  :-)
Have you been to a fertility specialist?  They can do diagnostic tests on both of you. They’re not fun and it can be stressful, but it was worth it for us. If you have POI / POF you need to start taking hormone supplements ASAP. At 30, you could be looking at irreparable damage if your body isn’t producing enough estrogen.

Ultimately, surgery, pills, and shots didn’t pan out for us. The last time we talked to the doctor he said our chances are less than 1%, but we’re still hoping for a miracle. However, now we know the risks involved. Each time my wife goes off BC so we can try to conceive, she’s risking a future of heart problems, bone density issues, abd the possibility of Alzheimer’s down the road.
My wife and I are going through the same thing. She was diagnosed with premature ovarian insufficiency. We too don’t consider adoption an option for us. We can be prayer buddies.  :-)
I live about 30 minutes up the river. .... Still in range.
I live right across the river.  Don't point that thing toward WV.
If two seconds after the scene you immediately realize the problem with it.  For example, the examples you give can be explained by the force users actively fighting back those types of attacks. They could even be doing on a subconscious level. Of course, the Kylo / Finn fight in TFA could negate that argument unless Finn is force sensitive (which I suspect).
Open all hatches, extend all flaps and drag fins!    .....    Then use the force to magically crash at a landing strip from orbit.
If it were going fast enough, I bet it would've punched deep enough to hit something critical.  Heck, we know from the same battle that the interior is mostly empty space.  [I've read the engineering. There's no way a YT-1300 Corellian freighter could've taken that thing down.  It had to have been a controlled demolition.](https://youtu.be/xV7Ha3VDbzE?t=1m52s)
> emember in ROTJ when the super star destroyer slams into the death star?

It's going pretty slow, not the speed of light.  Even a medium-sized object would have a huge amount of kinetic energy at near light speeds.  F=MA
Yep.  Automation is the key to building huge ass ships, and we've seen the size of these ships / weapons get bigger throughout the series from Ep. I - VIII.  It seems like this technology would be pretty economical in comparison to something the scale of Starkiller.  Starkiller itself was probably built with droid labor for the most part.  That's something I like about the aesthetics of Star Wars is you can see how these shiny Imperial / First Order ships were pumped out of a factory somewhere with minimal human / alien interaction.
> quality is an inherent enemy of making money

Ever been to Wal-Mart?
But they had to waste time to lead up to the light speed ramming maneuver that invalidates every space battle and every weapon ever shown in Star Wars.  I mean why not build a bunch of torpedoes with hyperdrives?
I'm paraphrasing Mark Hamill, but "the goal today isn't to tell a good story, but to make money." 
UBUNTUUUUUUU!!!!!!!!!!!
This is how I feel on a daily basis watching news as a conservative.
Only for coffee.  The good kind.  Not that K-cup crap.
Dude.  Spiceworks.  They have a cloud-based helpdesk that is great for small departments.
Yep.  Unless they're bringing food or coffee, GTFO.
My wife has been teching in WV for a decade, has here Master's +15, and make a little over $40K.  I have a degree in secondary education, but left teaching for higher pay.  I've been the IT manager at my company for almost 9 years.
I wish Twitter was around when Andrew Jackson was president.  I get the feeling he didn't have much of a "filter".
Unless you have ADHD like me.  Then it can be a time sucking hell.
Sheesh I thought my family was confusing.  My grandmother passed away the same year as her sister's husband.  A few years later my grandfather married her sister.  That made all of my cousins my step uncles / aunts.  Then, on my mom's side of the family we have an instance of sisters marrying brothers.
This is basically my wife after a hard day teaching. Then I bring her a Reese’s from the freezer and all is right in the universe again.  Wal-Mart had their Christmas candy at 50% off.  My wife joked that our grocery cart looked like 5 year olds had been shopping.
but ... but capitalism doesn’t work!
Heck, I was an only child, but our next door neighbors had one son a year older than me and another a year younger.  Being a small community, both our mothers grew up together. We were more like brothers than neighbors. I can remember quite a few trips where the three of us got stuck sleeping on a fold out sleeper sofa in the hotel room.
I no longer teach (work in the private sector now), but my wife is a teacher. I gad one week of vacation left and took it so we could be off together. I was sick all week. I ended up in urgent care Wednesday with a temp. of 101.5. 
Maybe they practice the Wim Hof Method.
Body paint has insulating properties.
Calcium carbide is fun stuff to play with. Growing up in West Virginia, I blew up a ton of stuff as a kid with it. Grandpa, a retired coal miner, used it to kill ground moles in his yard.
I did that once without the makeup .... at the beach. In the words on Anakin Skywalker, “I hate sand. It’s coarse, it’s rough, and it gets everywhere.... *everywhere*.”
Yep. I work in the greenhouse/garden center industry. People have the same misconceptions about landscaping projects. A 30 minute home improvement show isn’t going to show you the week of work by an entire crew of people to transform a back yard.
The ads on this site are terrible.
Yeah, but there was still a buttload of people traveling that weekend. 
You should’ve went with another West Virginia favorite, that good old mountain dew!
We do know that the second weekend was Christmas, right?  Personally, with work (and being sick with strep), I just got a chance to see it today. ....  The hardest thing was avoiding spoilers. I just resubscribed to this sub a few hours ago.
Well he did have 30 years of pain to stew in his evilness between Ep. III and Rogue 1.   Kylo is a little less far along the path and also has all of his limbs.
This is how my dad taught me. 
Shaving his balls?
Regardless it is still racism. Replace hillbilly in that phrase with any other group and it instantly becomes waaaay more offensive.

KICK YOUR SISTER IN THE TEETH.  [MUSLIM] CIRCUMCISION.

.... Somewhere an SJW is screaming “hate speech”.
—.-..-.—-.-....-..-..-.
As a fellow West Virginian you should be used to the racism we face by now.  “Hyuck, hyuck, inbred hillbilly trailer trash!  ... It can’t be racist because they’re white! Hyuck, hyuck!”
I’m calling BS on this one. I’m from West Virginia and these stereotypes are no better than other types of racism.  What is this, 1860?
Definitely get the study. I would’ve never been diagnosed if it wasn’t for getting married and my wife complaining about my snoring that could wake the dead. I’m average weight, but have severe OSA.  A normal AHI should be below 5. Meaning you stop breathing for longer than 10 seconds less than 5 times per hour. Untreated, my AHI is around 70. More than once per minute I’m stopping breathing for longer than 10 seconds!  During my first study they almost stopped to give me emergency oxygen because my blood oxygen level dropped below 70%!  I was basically nearly dying every night.

Edit: [I went to a sleep lab for my study.](https://imgur.com/a/XWjxE)
#MAGA

^Make ^Apple ^Great ^Again
Same here. I also used their embedded widget on my company’s website, but it didn’t support https. We operate garden centers in four states and a massive wholesale greenhouse so accurate weather data is important to us.  

I find that Accuweather is more accurate where our HQ is located. Our COO has an Accuweather premium account that really lets you dig into historical data.  From a planning standpoint, we’re sometimes planning a crop a year in advance. For example, we just know from years of experience that our Boston Fern hanging baskets have to be transplanted during the second week of December for them to be at the optimal size for Mother’s Day weekend.  

Ferns are pretty forgiving though since they have a long crop time and stay viable for a few months. Something like impatients that you want to sell just when they start to show color takes really precise planning. This time of the year even day length has an effect on those calculations. I’m our IT guy, but part of my job is crunching those numbers and incorporating that information into our production system.  For example, mid way to the spring equinox we have some crops that go from a five week crop time to four weeks to account for the lengthening light exposure.  On the flip side we have some crops that need supplemental lighting this time of the year.  All of that effects where stuff goes in our 25 acre facility since only some ranges are outfitted with LED grow lights. Then it also effects trucking schedules when crop times change. OK. I’m starting to ramble. 
I ... I like it. 
I have severe sleep apnea and I use a biPAP that records my breathing patterns while I sleep. I find that I have lower retention times on mornings when my AHI is higher.  I think that’s because my blood oxygen level is probably already low.  On really bad days, I’ll usually wake up with a headache.
Links to the site, app, and YouTube channel.
It’s popular in many parts of the US too. We usually gather around the piano and my wife plays. The dude above must live under a rock.
> We're discussing it.  We've never been any good at getting our act together until the very last moment, but at least this time around we're trying to figure out how to do it.

- Every Olympics Ever
Email? I had a headhunter call my direct office line. It was more specific to my industry (greenhouse horticulture) than just IT.  We’re a pretty small industry and typically headhunting between rival greenhouses is verboten.  My wife and I want to stay in the area near our aging parents and we just bought a house that we’re in the process of remodeling. I told my boss, our CFO, and she thought it was pretty outrageous that they would be that brazen especially since we had a deal with them go south a couple years ago. On the upside, I got a pretty awesome raise this year.
If the battery is a consumable component, then why isn’t it easily replaceable?
Just like the bakers. Right?
So I build websites as a side business. Let’s say a client hires me to build a website to showcase their photography portfolio. They agree to my initial contract (which has a clause about material I deem inappropriate) and I start building the site. A few weeks later they start sending me content to populate the site. It’s gay pornography.  What then?

Edit: Really any porn for that matter.
Yep. West Virginia. My ancestors left Wales to live in a place that looks almost exactly like Wales. 
LOL! I would love to travel around Wales, my ancestral home, one day. Looking at street view though, the country roads here in WV are worse / narrower.
[Insert Abbreviation] Compliance.
As a right leaning NN supporter, this is nothing unusual to me.
NEXT
Unfortunately my house has an unusually small porch. It’s a 1960s ranch house. The crawl space under the house is only 18 inches. We have a pretty small lot for our area at only 1.6 acres. We also have a detached 3 car garage that’s kinda my man cave.
Watch it. .... So say we all!
Yep. I can count on one hand the neighbors within 1,000 feet of my house. Last year a cat pulled out one of the crawl space vents and was staying under our house. Once we trapped it, I drive it around to all the neighbors. Nobody claimed it. We live next to a busy highway so it’s hard to tell where it came from. I dropped it off at a no kill shelter. Unfortunately, my wife is terribly allergic to cats.
I run my side business out of my garage ... and I have a custom domain through G-Suite. 
I work in IT and dabble in online marketing. You gotta configure that DMARC to optimize delivery to maintain a good CTR for a high ROI.  ... Also, keep an eye on the CPC.
I did this once.  My wife didn't find it funny.  [I did the old truck scare prank.](https://youtu.be/E1gBGw2P9f8?t=41s)
Honestly, I don't care.  Maybe it means we'll get to see more of Denise from legal....
Actually, look like London. 
You could spend a lifetime studying it too. I recommend reading it in the original elvish.
OK, Bub.  We get it. You’re an atheist. Whoop tee do.
A well-rounded wife is important too. As my grandpa used to say, ”A plump wife and a big barn never did any man harm.”
It’s a huge text spanning thousands of years of history. There’s more than a lifetime worth of things to study and learn. I mean from the Bible you can branch out into world history, etc.
I recommend using something like the Strong’s Concordance. It translates the Bible word for word so you can look up the definition and history of words. It’s also important to study the culture of the time period.  A lot of the Levitical law concerning things being clean/unclean had a lot to do with sanitation and diseases of that time. Today things like abstaining from eating pork is unnecessary due to better sanitation.
Actually, that specific section is essentially outlining a family tree of generations in text form so it is more efficient to actually print it in a family tree format.  

Any well-rounded Christian should practice two types of Bible study.  Reading for the sake of reading and meditating on the Word at face value and then also deeper study of specific passages or books.  Sometimes, if I really want to deconstruct a passage, I'll study it in the original language (Hebrew or Greek).

I tend to do my reading in the morning.  My wife leaves for work before me so I get up with her at 5:30, do my reading and prayers, morning exercise routine (I practice the [Wim Hof](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L9Cgaa8U4eY) Method along with Yoga), shower, and leave for work by 7am.  Then in the evenings my wife and I do our in-depth study together just before bed.
My study Bible has a nifty list so you can just skim through it.
> this is a non binding purely symbolic condemnation, and they can condemn whatever they want, because it has absolutely no effect in practice.

Like pretty much everything the UN does nowadays since the Cold War is over.


I would watch this!
I set up a Google Voice number when I taught.  That way I could turn it off easily.  Now that I no longer teach, I use the number for my IT consulting business.
Must've been a really tall wall...
I joined the club a few months ago.  I still haven't convinced my wife to use it yet.
We only have OTA channels.  It blew my nephew's mind that we only get 20 channels .... and only one "kid's" channel.  The Horror!
Also, at that same time, they merged YouTube and gmail accounts.  I ended up with two orphan accounts for my company with no way to log into them.  Luckily, one wasn't used and the other was just to host our live streams from UStream.
[So we're getting closer to this?](https://youtu.be/CXD_r2G3w-w)
I'm OK with that.  Also, defund Planned Parenthood, NPR, sell NASA's facilities to Space-X, roll DHS into the FBI, get rid of the federal Dept. of Ed. and many other agencies that could be funded and run at state level.
We're just getting started.  Now we need kill kill a crap load of unnecessary programs.
Shame.  That's not enough.
Well I've got great news!  [You can volunteer to send more money than you actually owe.](https://www.treasurydirect.gov/govt/reports/pd/gift/gift.htm)  How much are you going to send?
I believe the technical term is SNAFU.
Reading this I realized there’s probably more people in your building than within a mile radius of me. ... It’s a long, cold walk for eggs. My neighbors are pretty awesome though.
Life’s hard on the Frontier.
That reminds me.  There's cookies in the break room!

Rame Tep, Rame Tep!

Rame Tep, Rame Tep!

[That scene scared the crap outta me as a kid.](https://youtu.be/OLhZZvTzNUY)
I'm so glad I was public and in-state in the early 2000s.  However, my career ended up being nothing remotely related to my degree.

[Here's some sage advice for college students today.](https://youtu.be/8utmmWoBSBY)
Hipsters?
[The Sticky Bandit!](https://i.imgur.com/MDm4rap.jpg)
I had a black Menace.  I remember some bad road rash I got by taking a spill while riding barefoot, in shorts, no shirt, and no helmet.  At least I didn't scratch up my BB gun.
Bruce hardwood flooring looks like a good match. They make bullnose edging that would work good there.
Mine are encapsulated .... Meaning we carefully removed them and buried them in an undisclosed location.
I ... I do. It definitely has its place though. We used cooler LED in our utility rooms, garages, and outside. 
We bought a 1960s rancher three years ago. The bathroom in it was once pink and black. Thank goodness the previous owner had the tiles and tub re-enameled in white and had new white tiles put down on the floor.  All we had to do was paint over the sky blue walls and ceiling and replace the vanity. It was the cheapest room to remodel. (If you don’t count the septic tank that collapsed a few months after we bought the place.)
Third Christmas with a relationship partner. However, we found out we’re infertile sooo..... Yeah. Christmas sucks.
Late 80s. Dude, you gotta get a Mongoose!
I live in WV, but in the Ohio River Valley. I commute 30 miles up the river to my office. The elevation changes +/- 100 feet at most along the way. I like to say that I’m a flatlander mountaineer.
I’m still trying to talk my wife into letting me buy a portable TRS-80. 
Just a lost SJW. 
I’m lucky in that we use Suddenlink for internet and VOIP. We have a dedicated business rep that I can usually get in touch with for critical issues.
If that night were set to music, [this would be it.](https://youtu.be/1zRCdSAlfMg)
I do the exact same thing when I get a haircut.  It’s something about getting my scalp massaged, not having my glasses on, and it usually being at the end of a long day. 
And yet Trump’s a Nazi.
Yep.  Growing up, we kept my cousin Arabian donkey, Bubba, that they used to breed mules.  They had to keep him away from the mares because he would literally bust through walls if he could smell one in heat.  He was like a big, clumsy puppy dog.  He once got stuck trying to roll over in his stall.  Basically, he rolled over so he was on his side with his legs against the wall.  It took four of us to roll him back over.

We kept him for about 15 years.  During that time, he got really used to me.  I would sometimes get on his back and just let him walk around the pasture wherever he wanted to go.  (He was saddle broken, but so stubborn it was useless to attempt guiding him anywhere.)  He had a five acre field all to himself, and he would carry me to the top of the hill.  He would also roll onto his back so I could scratch his belly.  He also love apples.  There was a tree next to the barn, and he would bray at it begging for an apple ... even in the winter.  Mom would get speck apples from the local produce market to feed him in the winter.  He would take a apple, bite it in half, and then just suck on it for a few minutes like a piece of candy.

Eventually, they sold him to a breeder in Kentucky that was better able to care for him as he aged.  He lived out the rest of his life in a field of mares doing his thing.  He died a few years ago just shy of 30.  When he died, the current owner contacted mom and dad.  Now Bubba is sleeping on top of our hill.  [He has a pretty good view.](https://imgur.com/6FZPKrW)
[The greatest since tying a string around bread.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DYTuNXq1eBk)
Yep.  That worked.  I found a comment from the lady who previously owned our house too.  ...  She died five years ago!
Holy crap! I just realized the boy getting a haircut in the Joe Lewis scene is Cuba Gooding, Jr.
Too bad I have a really generic name. I’m sure my real comment is in there somewhere. 
Yep. We had a party line in the ‘80s. Our line was 3 short rings. Then, we eventually got a regular number in the late ‘80s. My parents still have the same number they had 30 years ago.
This is the Baptist version. 
The barbershop in Coming to America. 
Same in some states. Here in WV they can’t expire either. 
Ah, the George Costanza. 
I’m on mobile. I didn’t notice that. LOL
I knew that had to be a Matthias design!
I actually read it in college as part of my Sci-fi english literature elective.  Hands down one of my favorite college courses.
Hmm. Doesn’t work in my 2008 Jeep. 
I read this in Clarkson’s voice for some reason.
Or .... now this is going to sound crazy .... In the same amount of time that took, you could drive to the store and get an actual plunger.

On a funny note, my wife’s turds have a talent for not fully flushing. I’ll go to use the bathroom and they’re will be this little, round floater greeting me. It used to embarrass her which was as cute as heck. Now we’re at the point in our marriage where we have no reservations about dropping a deuce in front of each other .... unless it’s going to be a bad one, then we give fair warning.
I remember buying full screen DVDs in the early 2000s. Widescreen TV?  Pffft. That’ll never catch on!
The Berenstein Bears taught me that I’m from the mirror universe.
J. T. ?  Is that you?
Bosnian Bill?
They were claiming to own the exact spot the pole was setting on.  This was nowhere in the property records.  It was just the phone company being a bunch of lazy, bureaucratic trolls.
I like the Hummus Tan.