I have too. Saw a crow "shoulder bump" a red tailed hawk out of the way when they were flying near each other. The hawk was the brawnier bird for sure, but the crow just rebuffed the shit out of him. 

I get the impression that crows are the gangsters of the bird world. They may not be the biggest and toughest, but they are smart, tenacious, and there are a lot of them. If you're a hawk or falcon, living and hunting on their turf, it's because they're letting you. They might even steal the meal you just caught, and you can't do shit about it.
I mean, how unlikely would it be for Rudy to leak it to someone in order for *them* to leak it to the NYT? 

It would in that case still come from outside of the legal team, because it was put there.
No, but it's funny if you spell their name wrong on the shirt, then go to their show wearing it.
If you're not too familiar with E46s, best to have someone look it over that is familiar with these cars. I brought mine into an independent shop I trust soon after I bought it, and the mechanic explained to me how he could tell by looking at the plastic that the expansion tank was old, etc. They were also able to point out a couple oil leaks that I would never have found myself.

I ended up getting a couple buddies to help change out a few of the cooling system components and the valve cover gasket for less than the independent shop charged, but still, having that expert diagnosis early on was key in that I could get on a maintainence schedule that made sense and didn't leave anything out.
Wow

such contacts

very typing

much Russians
They could indeed, though they're already sort of doing that unintentionally; see antibiotic resistant microorganisms.
The thing is, iOS is just miles ahead of Android for tablet apps used in certain specialized fields. 

For example, I'm a musician, and there's nothing on Android that comes close to the synths or recording apps I can get for my iPad. Also, drawing/painting apps for artists, or video editing apps have always been much more advanced vs their Android counterparts.

I have an Android phone and enjoy it a lot for what it is, but I'm not trying to run crazy pro-level music apps on a phone, simply because the control surface is much smaller and it seems like it would be a pain.
Same. For me it's the best of both worlds, and there are apps I love that only run on one OS or the other.

Edit: I have an iPad 2017 and an LG20. 
He cheats at everything.

Cheats at golf.

Cheats on his taxes.

Has cheated on all of his wives.

And most consequentially, *cheated to win the 2016 presidential election*.
Is there an improvement in airflow as well with the mod?
I think that carbon monoxide+nicotine from tobacco smoke is way more potent of a blood pressure potentiator than nicotine alone.

I don't have a source for this, but I believe this to be true, just based on anecdotal info and common sense.
I suppose you'd have to use those ones that are mostly plastic. Probably wouldn't want to use the ones with the metal tips.

You know, if you wanted to do that sort of thing.
I find Palmer's analysis to usually be quite good. He's basically just interpreting news stories that are already out there and highlighting buried ledes that a lot of others miss. Are his interpretations sometimes hyperbolic or off-base? Sure, but I think on the whole he offers a valid perspective.
It's funny because we all know already and have for a while. Most of us don't care either, except for caring about how much he cares, and how he must think everyone else does.
It doesn't. The only time that has happened was when there was a drought and the normal municipal supply had to be supplanted with water from the Susquehanna.
It's a similar clean taste, but we don't get those micro-bubbles, aka "Brooklyn Milk" like they do. 
Jesus, that sounds awful. Sorry to hear about that.

Me too. Went with my gf about two years ago. He was amazing and inspiring; it's like his heart was brimming over with joy from singing. 

At the same time though, we could tell something was up with him; at one point he disappeared backstage for a few minutes while the band vamped on a groove. When he came back onstage, he was a little sweaty and just looked a little out of sorts. He bounced back from it and proceeded to completely tear up the rest of the set, but for a while there we were like "wtf is going on?"
That's awesome. My dad still has a 300 lb gigantic rear projection TV in the basement that my brother got when he lived there like 10 years ago. At this point he'd have to pay movers just to get it out of there, so getting rid of it has been pretty low on the priority list.
And if you use a finger-moustache while doing it, you won't get picked up on security cameras.
Worldwide, no. But in the US, coffee consumption is something like 5 to 1 over tea. And what tea people drink tends to be whatever bagged tea they get at the supermarket. Having a collection of various artisan teas and puerhs is indeed pretty unusual in this country.
Shit, I don’t want to even imagine him still being in office come November.
They have those signs at a lot of Targets. I've seen it in Maryland too. I gotta say though, at least the signs don't read "banana's" anymore!

That used to really grind my gears.
Is this actually made from bamboo leaves, or is it Zhu Ye Qing "bamboo leaf" tea, a style/varietal of camilia sinensis green tea which is grown in Sichuan Province?
That's my problem with the DNC, coming from someone who's voted Dem 85% of the time. They need candidates who tick all the right boxes and do as little as possible to piss off their allies and donors but still take positions on issues that align with the party's platform, so they end up fielding these boring, feckless centrist candidates with no curb appeal whatsoever.

I mean, come on, Tim Kaine? He couldn't even out-debate *Pence*. Martin O'Malley too; someone I had no beef with ideologically, but damn, he was a boring candidate. 
If you get a chance, I recommend reading some of the Gnostic Christian works, like the Book of Thomas (preferably from a source/translation with some interpretive analysis).

Some of these ideas come off as more Eastern than Western, which makes sense in the context of theories regarding Jesus' "missing years", in which he was speculated to have traveled east along the silk road to study with Asian masters.
Not disputing that Mantauk Chia is a Taoist master, but doesn't he (also) identify as a Christian? I remember reading that at one point, maybe in one of his books.
U Mad? Why yes, I'm mad at this willful perversion of the English language.
"Let them eat dates" 

-God
Hard to believe that support for the border wall is even that high, considering it's one of the stupidest ideas of all time.
Huh, so she *can* smile.

Sort of.
Oh yeah that one. Where a couple of mild-mannered suburbanites are secretly Russian spies with Jason Bourne levels of badassery! 
Oh I don't mind either, don't get me wrong. It's just that I don't believe them when they say it's motivated by ecological concerns.
I'd be down for sure, thanks.
Oh hotels do it too. "*Because we care about the environment, we won't wash your towels unless you specifically ask us to*".
Berkey. Pretty sure they have nothing to do with Nestle, haha
We have a filter at home that we run tap water through, then we fill our water bottles from it before leaving the house. There is no dehydrating, and I haven't bought a bottle of water in years.
Black tea undergoes more *oxidation*. Fermentation happens with puerh teas, but black teas don’t undergo true fermentation.

One reason they could have been cheaper is because of shelf life. Because green teas aren’t roasted like black teas and thus not fully oxidized, they don’t retain their flavor as long. You generally want to drink green teas within a year of harvest,  but black teas can keep their flavor for several years. If a green tea doesn’t sell, the seller has to take a loss on it. If a black tea doesn’t sell, they may still have viable product.
Check this out, fam. Now that you know what to look for, you can keep an eye out for it at your nearest natural market/whole foods/etc 

https://www.rwknudsenfamily.com/products/simply-nutritious/vita-juice

There are also a couple similar ones, "morning blend", and "mega antioxidant". Also pretty close, but I think this is the closest to the life-giving ambrosia that they have at hotel breakfasts in Switzerland and Germany. 

It might not be actual orange juice. They have this multivitamin drink that's various different fruit juices, enriched with vitamins, and it's incredible. 

Knudsen makes something similar that's available in the States.
Why stop at one?

Heroes's's's's.

Now that's fucking heroic.
One good first step might be to follow Seth Abramson. He's very good at putting pieces together gathered from various news stories and putting them into broader contexts. Brilliant guy.

For legal analysis by an anti-Trump Harvard Law professor, Laurence Tribe is a good follow. I like following Axios too, as far as news outlets go. Their articles tend to be brief and bare-boned, but they're not paywalled like WaPo or the NYT.
They actually showed it in the Robert Altman film, “Short Cuts”. Pretty sure the movie’s title was not meant to reference that scene.
Have a Fury 2, do the same. I shut it off and immediately do a healthy rip.
R/tea would like to have a word with you. You can leave your stuff at your desk; we'll just be a minute. Right this way, please...
Yeah this is pretty much the only case I can think of in which I'd pay money to see someone else lose theirs.
Which is the beauty of his having taken notes, and giving them to Mueller. 
That's the thing. The political landscape has been shifting lately so that it's not so much liberals vs conservatives in the traditional sense as it is moderates/civil libertarians vs authoritarians. 

The thing is, your argument is an extremely weak one and amounts to little more than a transparent attempt at deflection.

It boils down to, "ok my guy might have done some crimes, but why didn't the guy from your team do more to stop him?"

Is it that difficult to see that the big problem here is your guy having done all these things to begin with, not his opposition's lack of success in stopping him? 
Right, *if* you're trying to charge him with treason. I personally think he's committed treason and so do a lot of other people, but since the legal bar is set so high, we're more likely to see him charged with campaign finance violations, obstruction of justice, and if we're lucky, conspiracy against the United States, espionage, and money laundering charges.
Yep! https://youtu.be/MH8ObibNCoo
It's basically the Pixel 2 camera app ported to other Android phones, and it works well on the V20. Different versions have been posted on XDA.
Oh wow, that's really cool. Totally makes sense, actually
He probably does, but doesn't cough into his sleeve like all the noobs out there.

Seriously though, I think I saw an interview with Billy in High Times or somesuch where he said he likes taking a hit or two off sativa concentrate cartridges before he plays, saying it relaxes and focuses him a little.
Nice! Yes when I shoot with the main camera app I often save it as a RAW and jpeg, then I process in Snapseed. I'll have to try the in-phone editor though... Not sure I've tried it!
Are you using the Gstark mod here, or is it straight V20 camera? Either way, love the tones here, really nice photo.
TBH my favorite Vince moment was when he sang the National Anthem with Jerry and Bob before the ballgame that time.
I like to do 3 mini sessions in 12 degree increments over the course of a night, one load per night if I'm not sharing with anyone else. I start with 354f, then 376f, then 398f.

After the 398f, I'm good and toasty and ready for bed.
Probably because they can ship the vinyl as media mail.
Sounds like what happened to me when I smoked salvia that one time.
That looks really nice, like a little grove I'd like to hang out in.
I got it from Amazon. 

Edit: This one: https://www.amazon.com/Tasteful-Bamboo-Gongfu-Table-Serving/dp/B00M3Y8LNY
As do I. Gets the job done without leaking, isn't bad looking. 

I like the larger size too. Even if I have a couple different gaiwans and a few cups on it, it's still not crowded.
Gongfu involves more leaves, yes, but typically very short brew times. With British tea, the leaves are cut into small pieces so that there's more surface area by weight.

This means you get more of everything in the tea quicker (caffeine+tannins+polyphenols, etc), but it also means you can't resteep nearly as much without losing flavor, compared to brewing whole-leaf tea, whether that be gongfu or western style.

Anyway, there are teas you can brew gongfu style that don't have too much caffeine, relatively at least. Raw puerhs, Oolongs made from mature leaves, like Dancong Oolongs...these are broad categories, so within these your results may vary. 
In North Baltimore that would be a 3-4 million dollar house, so it doesn't strike me as a crazy number.
Maybe it would be better if it were named after George Clinton. I mean give up the funk already.
Agreed, they should definitely turn him up. I'll say, though, the lack of "bombs" that Oteil plays is I think due a lot to his "smoother" style, in that Oteil doesn't do as much playing on the offbeats as Phil does. 

Part of what makes Phil's playing so unique is his tendency to wait a bit on the one- the one will come, Phil will leave a little gap there, then come in on the next eighth or quarter note. It's a very unconventional style, but it's what makes Phil's playing what it is.
I think the whole production, band side, has to pay it. 
Love it how they're playing in a huddle here. Everyone is on point and vibing with one another. So great.
This comment aged well.
I've actually heard it's Mayer some of the time, reason being that some of the tempos are difficult for him to solo fluently in. 

As a guitarist myself, this makes sense. I can play really well in slower tempos, like 70-90 bpm. 95-110 bpm sucks for me, but then when it hits 115-120 or so, I can solo solidly in rhythm again.

Anyway, if this is indeed the case, it kinda makes sense that Oteil and Jeff take most of the soling on Eyes, for example.
Me neither, and FWIW, Bobby is the one who should be singing this one in D&C. Checkers isn't even grey, and even if he was, Bobby's earned it.
You're right. Also the guy he was named after passed away.
I mean, in Philly and South Jersey
They do that in Baltimore too. Sometimes they don't even bother with the stickers or magnets or whatever, and it's just this sort of sketchy, non-legit looking mini delivery truck.
I would think solar could be really viable there though, given that there are barely any clouds there ever.
Why can’t he be both?
Awesome, where is this?
Cool. I didn't know if you lived there or were just passing through. Anyway, I am a huge fan of Dancong Oolongs. I drink other teas with some frequency too, but will drink some kind of Dancong oolong most days. They are just so refreshing and well-balanced to me...my favorite style out any I've had.
Nice. My favorite tea comes from Guandong province. Are you a tea drinker yourself?
American here. What's your take on Twinings? For that matter, what are your neighbors' takes on it? Asking because I always thought they were decent, but mainly see people talking about Tetley and Yorkshire in this sub, when talking about mass produced British brands.
You're at this time the only person who has put Wadlow's height in a comment, and I appreciate you greatly for it.

Edit: speeling
"Ivan, shut up, I'm on the phone! (quietly snickers)...So anyway, you were saying?"
Yeah, it's redundant at best.
MSNBC has a slant, though their news isn't wholly inaccurate, as Fox often is.
Hell yes, I had some cool times at those. 
I haven't been on it in a couple years, so it was nice to be reminded not to go across it anytime soon.
Ki is the Japanese variation. In China they say Qi or Chi...same basic idea.

Maybe there is a thing where people are doing long squats, like with weights, but mainly what I think you're talking about is a type of standing meditation, also called *Zhan Zhuang* which is also associated with a martial arts style called *Yiquan*.

Standing meditation does tend to strengthen the legs (and make them very sore, haha) because of the basic straight-backed, bent knee posture. The knees actually have to be bent to an extent to allow the tailbone to drop down and for the spine to straighten and lengthen. When one can relax fully  with this type of alignment, it allows the qi to flow more freely throughout the body.

That's the basic gist of it, but also I found this link from someone who seems to know what they're talking about, if you want to read more:

http://portlandtaichiacademy.com/how-to-do-standing-meditation/


Sounds to me like they might not have done a proper flush when they replaced all those components, and now you've got an air pocket trapped inside your system.
You sound like me, though I'm in my 40s. Pretty sure my health is now better than it had ever been since I started 4-5 years ago, and it's even had some counterintuitive positive effects, like with reaction time.
Cool! Thanks, I gotta try that four seasons oolong.
Frantzis is the man. I actually just remembered last night that I have his book, *Opening the Energy Gates of Your Body*, and have started reading it again. If I had the opportunity to study with people that studied with him, I'd take it.

You talk about wanting to balance energies...both Qigong and Tai Chi are well suited for that. I'd recommend learning Tai Chi too if you can, though Tai Chi can be thought of as a type of Qigong when practiced with a certain intent. Similarly, Qigong is very much complimentary when studied alongside Tai Chi.
What were the other teas? I like Mao Xie alright but I find it's not good for nearly as many steeps as a high end Tie Guan Yin.
Sure thing! I'm actually unfamiliar with the site other than this article, but it roughly echoes things I'd read elsewhere.

I'd also like to relate that I do practice and study Taoist and "medical" Qigong as taught by my Tai Chi instructors whom I've been studying with for a few years. So Qigong itself is something I enjoy and have spent a bit of time with.
"Li Hongzhi through Falun Gong has promoted unreasonable fears about the outside world, such as impending catastrophe, evil conspiracies and persecutions. He teaches his followers that the earth would have been destroyed, but he saved it. He also claims that "gods" will destroy those he disapproves of and that his followers must practice his prescribed program of "spiritual cultivation" or risk obliteration.

For Falun Gong followers, there is no legitimate reason to disagree with and/or leave the organization. Former followers are always wrong in leaving, negative, or even seen as "evil." While they may appear to be free to leave they often fear the consequences."

It goes on for quite a bit before and after the excerpt I've cited, which arguably isn't even the worst of it.

https://culteducation.com/group/1254-falun-gong/6922-is-falun-gong-a-cult.html

Please excuse the long link as I'm on mobile.




OP has been promoting Falun Gong, which is apparently a bit of a cult. 
You know any apps that are good for re-encoding? 
How do you share it, if you've got Hi-Fi sound on? When I've done that, it sounded great through my phone but garbled and awful when I've tried to share it.
The issue of who pays for it aside, it's just a profoundly stupid idea. I'm hard-pressed to think of anything good that would result from its construction, but I can think of several categories of unwelcome consequences.
No, they used to be cool, but post-Snowden Assange seems to be basically acting as a mouthpiece for Russian Intelligence. Fuck that guy.
Because the GOP would go apeshit and refuse to endorse.
Because it's not his real name, obv.
You actually made me think of something...by pushing things like the birther movement, they've destroyed the idea that truth can be objective. So  if the birther movement ended up indeed based on what is essentially fake news (as even most Rs I suspect realize, deep down), what about these things the left are saying, for example, the "Rusher thing"?
No way, his beard clearly defines a...well no, I guess it doesn't.
McGahn has the same lawyer as Bannon and Priebus though, so odds are he's been cooperating. Those guys have nothing to gain by being loyal.
Cool! In that case I'd recommend starting with Oolongs to ease your way in a bit...they are a bit more approachable in my experience. 
Whole departments, even.
Nice setup! I'm thinking that some pu-erh cakes would go real well in there somewhere. I know you said something about drinking coffee, and I can respect that, but just trust me on this one.


*This comment brought to you by the friendly folks at r/tea. Feel free to visit us sometime for recommendations.
I...*may have* done similar things in the past, during my tenure as an amateur copy editor.
Huh ok. I suppose my car is a bit different anyway...a facelifted 325i.
I love that bumper trim you've got. Maybe I'm not describing it correctly, but I mean that mesh that's between and a bit under the fog lights. Did you install it?
Looks like a female snowy owl down here for the winter. Badass! They are rare in these parts from what I understand.
Wait...does *fire and fury* say that he literally shits the bed? Eww dude...
I'm male, born in the Year of the Rat, so I could be one of your male rat friends.

Not looking forward to my belly expanding further if I manage to get off the nic though.
PV isn't the only viable residential option though. Solar thermal, both active and passive, and solar hot water heating are both quite viable and in many ways more sustainable and less potentially problematic for the grid than PV.
Wow, this is pretty crazy, especially considering central American natives have tended to be on the short side.

I'd say that a case could be made that these were dispersed Atlanteans, if you go for that sort of thing.
I have some of their plugins and haven't experienced this. Could it be possible you got a corrupted file somehow, like something glitched in downloading it?

I used to have an issue like this in my E36 (have an E46 now). What I found was that there's a U-shaped joint underneath the steering column that can seize up a bit after enough exposure to road dust, etc. So I went to my buddy's place and put it up on a ramp, crawled underneath, and sprayed PB Blaster on it. The steering returned to normal about 10 minutes later with a lot of cranking of the wheel, and the problem never came back.

Not sure if the similar joints exist in E46s, or if they can be accessed the same way. Someone who knows more could maybe chime in here.
You... might just be onto something there.
Yeah I've been to Czech several times as a touring musician from America. Every time I arrived by car (van), and never have I had my passport stamped at the Czech border.
There's no real reason to doubt it considering the Stormy Daniels revelations, but although salacious, it hardly rises to the level of many of the other things talked about here. 

Running a continuing criminal enterprise, espionage, money laundering, that's the real juicy stuff.
I'm all for you vaping and having a good time, but please don't use apostrophes to pluralize words.
Or Swedish or Danish, but in any case, everyone with half a brain knows Norway is predominately white. 

Her waffling on that question shot down any credibility she might have otherwise had before her testimony.
Spoiler: he's not a billionaire.
It makes more sense if you add a comma. "...100 women, a month before the election".
I agree. It's better when you can really put the tree in nature with your eye, and with your mind's eye.
Nice! A friend of mine in MD said he went to school with Sandy Bull's daughter... Don't know if that's you, but anyway I'm psyched to hear what comes out. Of his released work, what's your favorite of what's out there? I've personally heard a fair amount but don't own any of his records.
Right, we can assume there's a good reason people from Pepsi aren't going around projecting "TOXIC SLUDGE" on the walls of the Coca-Cola offices. 

But while this could be viewed as protected political speech, by Trump's being a US president and business owner, it seems to create an ethical quandary that would be avoided altogether if he had simply a) not have been elected in the first place, or b) fully divested from his businesses before holding public office.
Nice. I was inside and missed that shit.
No reason to make it any worse.
Agreed. The main question we should be asking about candidates is whether or not they would do a good job based on prior experience , not are they sufficiently rich/famous.

In that light, we lucked out with Obama, the two-term senator and former community organizer.  His relative lack of experience could have gone either way. Luckily we ended up with a really smart guy who cared deeply about the job he was in there to do.
There's an energetic point in the sole of the foot called the "bubbling well" that I've learned about in my Tai Chi studies. It's just behind the ball of the foot, roughly in the center. 

The idea is that once connection is established, qi "bubbles up" through the earth, as if tapping a spring. From there, it moves through the foot and connects with the body's qi, which is also fed through the crown point at the top of the head. 

Ideally you'll want to be connected through both of these entry points.

Edit: there's an illustration/further explaination here: https://www.taichimaui.com/glossary
It's grammatically correct. It might be a bit awkward, but that's subjective.
I saw one a few years back that said M3LOLJK on a 325, thought that was pretty solid.
Supporters still believe that. The Popodopolous news, apparently, is "fake".
I do sometimes, but splitting it off from the main app is fucking stupid.
I want Trump gone just as much, in fact probably more, than the other 60% ish of Americans who want him out of the WH, but how is he "devastated" by this news? The article has nothing in it to suggest that he gives a shit about this.
Parent comment is deleted, but I salute you for fighting the good fight. Carry on then.
Just got one last week! The triple torch I bought with the vapcap started failing, so I bought a single torch at the head shop down the street. 

It takes a little longer for it to click now, but the hits are huge and dense. At first I thought I'd accidentally combusted, it hits so hard.
Upvote for funning. The world needs more funning, I say.
Most believers in reincarnation don't believe that a soul instantly reincarnates. 
Awesome tune, thanks for posting.
Enroll him in a penal facility, more like.
Thanks. I'm in a 7b zone. I brought my little guy into our pantry tonight in 13°f cold and am hoping for the best. Although it's unheated, it doesn't really freeze in there, best as I can tell. Plus there's a good amount of moss covering the roots. 🤞
If you go to Mi Comalita, by all means make sure to try the papusas and the tamales. They are both great; in fact I like them better than their actual entrees.
Tinfoily speculation time: What if he's actually looking at it as a way out of his presidency? Like, he knows he's hugely unpopular and has a bit of a Mueller/Rosenstein/FBI problem relating to all the corruption, etc...plus on some level he realizes he's in mental decline. So as a way to get out of this tight spot while being able to save face to a degree, he can resign "for health reasons", and hope that he's spared the worst of what could otherwise happen. 


Of course, this would also have to involve his ego somehow...like the hope that people would pity him would have to far outweigh an aversion to being so widely, and actively, disliked.
I used to live across from a convenience store in Remington. People littered not only plastics, but chicken wings, Snapple bottles, empty cigarette packs, whatever. It sucked to walk my dog around there because of that.
Totally. I wonder when that changed, actually- when Baltimore people started deciding it was ok to just throw litter wherever.
The V30 will probably be fine. I've got a V20, and as far as I'm aware they are also not prone to bootlooping. Pretty sure it was an issue with the way they were soldering the motherboards, which they've fixed, post V10 and G4.
Yeah the whole thing of being charged with felonies simply because they were part of a protest in which other people broke windows and so on, is quite disturbing.

And then when you think about 45's stacking the courts with inexperienced ideologues in *that* context, well... 
That was really fucked up. Luckily, justice prevailed and they're off the hook now, AFAIK. But not before spending lots and lots of money in legal bills.
Is mailing horse shit even illegal though? 
Ah cool. Well for what it's worth, my Tai Chi Instructor has said that one can use any stance from the Tai Chi form as a standing meditation, but the only standing meditation positions we ever learn aren't from the form, and the feet are parallel, shoulder width.

I've used positions like ward off and single whip as standing meditation postures before, but at home, not at class.
That’s it! There are lots of variations. The thing all of them have in common is a straight-backed stance, knees slightly bent, head upright as if suspended by a string, etc. The only real change in different postures relates to arm positions, the least important part.

My digestive system can be slow, but I’ve also been taking triphala lately, which has been helping. I do standing postures mostly to develop an awareness of qi and as a meditative posture enhancer. I’ve noticed the digestive thing more as a side effect. I think it’s because of the straight back and sinking of the qi. With an increase in lower dantien energy can come a stimulation of the digestive organs because they are in the vicinity, I believe.
Standing meditation can definitely help. If you have your alignment right, it should create a, umm..."colonic quickening". That's been my experience at least.
Pure fire
A couple things about that: number one, I think Mueller would be able to figure out what Sanders's actions actually represented rather than just how things looked.

Number two, I thought his stated reason for opposing the sanctions was because they also targeted Iran, and he felt that they were needlessly provocative in that direction.

Edit: though ultimately I agree that he/his campaign was unwittingly manipulated by the Russian disinfo campaign.
Shit. That guy was so nice, always greeted me with a smile whenever I'd run into him. Just terrible.
10 diet Cokes is beyond excessive, even without the unneeded apostrophe.
Nice! My dad's neighbors are Chinese. They gave him some tea a couple christmases ago. Turns out it was vintage Tie Guan Yin from 1995, still sealed in individual 7g cellophane vacuum sealed things. Shit's awesome, still have a couple left.
Serious question time: what if Mueller hauled away Nunes and Grassley and charged them with obstruction...would the GOP dig in their heels or stop obstructing and STFU?
Or even better, *a part* of this.
I love my 128gb 2017 iPad. I use it mainly to run synthesizers, stream video and audio to my TV, and web browsing, including doing stuff with my Shopify store when I can't be arsed to go *all the way down to the basement* to use my Mac. Anyway, great little machine. Does everything I need it to, and for under $400 I feel like it was a great deal.
Running your sign idea by someone who can *actually use words right* should be standard operating procedure.

I wouldn't patronize a place that had errors that bad on their signs, no matter what kind of deals they offered, but maybe that's just me.
Don't know, but a flat earther friend of mine doesn't believe in gravity. I wish I was joking.
If anything, I'd think being considered an anti-semite would be seen as a *positive* by his base.
CineBistro at the Rotunda is $15 or $16, so in that light, yeah.
Don't know about your specific condition, but I used to get lower-mid back pain on a nightly basis that was so uncomfortable I would need to resolve it with either ibuprofen or cannabis edibles to avoid being completely miserable.

About 9 or so months into daily Tai chi practice though, it went away and hasn't come back. I do Yang style; specifically a variant of the Chang Man-Ching style that my teachers teach. Other things it's helped with are balance, reaction time, and general reduction in anxiety. I'm about 4 years in at this point and still practice daily.
That's the unfortunate truth :(
Looks a lot like my '03, but cleaner. Congrats and enjoy the car!
I think it's a xin yang mao jian. If you Google this, you'll see examples that look more or less identical.
1908? Damn, that's some seriously vintage Dead.
Disagree. My 325i has enough power to handle whatever I throw at it, which admittedly isn't a whole lot, I mean I'm not taking it to the track or anything...but for a solid daily driver, it's definitely got enough.

Now if he were looking at a 318, I might advise otherwise.
Cool. As someone who's on his second 325i and has never driven an xi, how does the awd feel different?
Agreed. I've worked with him on music projects and basically can't say enough good things about the guy.
I'd make sure you have certain mechanical things taken care of before you do any cosmetic mods. Have all coolant system components been replaced? If anything, expansion tank, water pump, radiator, ect., are stock, you should seriously think about replacing them, as the results of not doing so are potentially catastrophic.

Also check for oil leaks. It's common at your car's age to have to replace the valve cover gasket and maybe the oil stand gasket. I had to do both of those with mine...in fact I've done all the maintenance fixes I've mentioned in the first year of my owning my car, which I bought with a similar mileage as yours has.
This absolutely rules. Thanks for posting this!! I've just persuaded the owner of my favorite local record shop to order a few copies.
Ballad of a Thin Man would be sweet. I loved how Bobby used to sing that one.
Just wanted to chime in here and say that it does make me feel good knowing that somewhere out there, a partially-wrecked e46 is being painstakingly restored in a dude's garage. 
I really like his take on Franklin's, solo-wise. That's one he's really been able to apply his style to and find his own voice within it. And tonight's version was so great, just had the perfect arc.
It made a lot of sense after Throwing Stones, and it felt like they weren't/shouldn't gonna go out on a weeper, much as I'd have liked to have heard Brokedown or something. That said, Mayer singing that one in particular feels off to me...should just be Bobby the whole time IMO.
Sweet. Ok, gonna send you a DM
Cool! Do you know off the top of your head if they should fit in an 03 sedan? Wondering if the pre/post facelift thing  would make any kind of difference.
Yes, within the past month.
I've been not raping people daily for over 40 years. It's not that hard. Not eating meat is considerably more difficult.
She lost her wallet on a plane that landed in VA. When they found it, they also "found" a baggie or two containing a small amount of cocaine.
Nice find. Heron Oblivion is amazing and everyone who frequents this sub ought to be listening to them.
Ah ok, I think I'll hold out for the whole set. Thanks for getting back to me!
Hey man. I bought a rear tow hook cover from you a couple months back. Any chance you have wood grain interior trim you'd part with?
Emollients clause- all presidents must moisturize 2x daily, because we can't have the POTUS walking around with hands all chapped and bleeding.
There's actually a company that's just started, growing and processing teas in Scotland: https://www.windyholloworganics.co.uk/teas/

There's also a US producer out of Oregon, but I forget their name. 
Baltimore here, we call them subs. I don't mind Philly or Jersey people calling them hoagies and grinders, but we had a place in Baltimore that did, and I made it a point of never patronizing them, just on principle.
That was a really enjoyable read; thanks for sharing. 

Have you ever read Robert A. Monroe's *Journeys out of Body*? In it, he talks at length about his astral projection experiences; some are just him floating around the house or neighborhood, but in others he goes to some far-flung places. 

The one that reminded me of your story is where he visited this realm that was like a parallel universe with different but roughly equivalent technology, and "he" was someone else with a completely independent existence from everything and everyone he knew here in this world. There was also a sort of time dilation effect, but maybe not as pronounced as what you described. It was all very interesting. In a later work, he wrote that our souls often split their awarenesses into different hosts, and that we might on average only be able to channel around 20% of our soul's energy in the world/plane we inhabit, with some of it maintaining awareness on other planes simultaneous to our living out our experiences in this one. It's pretty crazy shit with staggering implications- definitely worth a read!
It does kind of cheapen the subtle sentimentality of the title, doesn't it?
Yeah this bugs me as much as anything else he said. He's using the language of inclusivity to dog-whistle some xenophobic shit in an attempt to condone some backwards-ass social norms where pedophilia is deemed ok.  
Interesting! Used to summer on Lake Michigan as a kid. I saw the shorelines change a bit and always figured it was because of tides.
The Great Lakes definitely do. They're so big they're basically inland seas.
Nice one, Sherby.
See, that's why we need concealed carry for these things; that way the open flames wouldn't present as much of a danger.

/s
That sounds amazing; was it your first float? I haven't been yet myself.
I'd think that learning how to do the microcosmic orbit would be a step in the right direction. While that doesn't specifically remove qi that's built up in certain areas, it does even out the flow of qi in the body in order to store it in the lower dantien.
Agreed. And what kind of bullshit Ivy league name is Tipper anyway? "Tipper dear, would you mind taking the Landie in for a wash on your way home? I want it to look clean for our dinner party Friday night".
Me too; I spent years 1-14 going to church on Sundays and have no idea what I'm looking at here.
Well...yes, but what it does do is bring it to the public's attention so that when Republicans avoid the issue, it makes them look like they're enabling and benefiting from corruption, even more than they already do.
Especially this close to Thanksgiving.
Though I haven't tried a whole ton of others, I own a pair of these myself and they absolutely rule.
Well...think about it like "come home in a safe condition". This is a little different than "Come home safely", because the latter implies that the act of coming home itself should be done safely. 

Like let's say I were under a fatwa and I was out and took the bus home, and it didn't wreck on the way. I would have come home safely, but not safe, as being under a fatwa, none can ever be truly safe.
Ah ok! This makes more sense if you have separate hot and cold faucets then. Mostly in the States we have one faucet, two handles.
See, that's the thing- I asked my friend from Bristol about that, and he wasn't sure why either! In fact, I believe my asking him was the first he'd thought about it too.
Sometimes there will be a separate plastic washbin inside a sink that takes up almost the entire volume of the sink. Why is this? What practical purpose does this serve which couldn't be served by using a drain stopper in said sink?
American tea enthusiast here. Maybe it's because tea is actually just *better than coffee*.
His work is stunning, even if it's not always completely my taste (I prefer a more Egglestonian approach, if you'll pardon the neologism). 

He definitely knows what he's doing technique-wise and has a great eye for shot composition. It also really helps that he can afford to travel to far-flung parts of the globe to get some of those shots in the first place.
Thanks for sharing your perspective and experiences. Really my ideas were based on more hypothetical thought experiments more than anything else. 

It does seem we agree that something needs to happen though. When I read examples like the one kid involved in the assault on those NY tourists at the harbor having had 10 arrests by the time he was 13, clearly there's a breakdown in the system. Also the police's seeming indifference and cynicism toward youth crime is most unfortunate as well.

Advocating that everyone be able to conceal carry, as some on this sub do, is unrealistic and potentially very dangerous. Recommending that these kids just get locked up somewhere where they can learn to be better criminals isn't the answer either. Ultimately there needs to be a multifaceted approach with a rehabilitative emphasis to avoid bigger problems down the line. Some of these kids might indeed be straight up psychopaths that are going to be problems no matter what, but I'd wager the vast majority of them aren't.
Ok, I was in part thinking of the deterrent effect of being completely cast out of the community, perhaps combined with some Outward Bound types of programs for their rehabilitative aspects.
What would be really cool is if we could build something like that far outside of Baltimore, like the Eastern shore or Northern Maryland, way out in the sticks. That way it would send a message that if you fuck up, you're exiled to somewhere completely unfamiliar, cut off from everything you know. If done right, it could be not only punitive, but actually rehabilitative.
"You can't really *dust* for urine"
Yeah, I mean depending on your desired strength you could do it that way. I like vaping liquid that's about 4-5 mg/ml and 75/25 VG/PG, so I use a graduated cylinder and keep separate bottles of flavor, VG, PG, and nic base around for mixing. But...different strokes for different folks and all that.
I DIY my juice with the barest hint of flavor and it serves me well. I actually had reactions to certain flavorings: mouth ulcers from sour citrus flavors, sore throat/hoarseness from caramel, and just in general I was getting tired of chasing new flavors in store bought juice. So, because of all this, I started gradually reducing the amount I used in my blends until there was almost none.

I currently make 100 ml at a time with about 0.75-1 ml total flavoring, usually a strawberry banana blend, though sometimes pomegranate/orange. The very tiny amount of flavor is perfect for me; it's like drinking seltzer water with fruit essences rather than a full-on soda. Also, yes- my coils last a pretty long time this way and I feel like it's better health-wise too. 

Edit: formatting
I agree. It's a great little place and they do pretty much have the best tacos in town, but they have a limited menu and only enough seating for about 6 people at a time. Not a "restaurant" in the sense that Fiesta Mexicana or El Trovador (In Parkville) are.
Wouldn't they evacuate all US people from South Korea first though? I feel like that would be a pretty good indication something was imminent.
It was *Diebold*, but I like your spelling better.
I know what you mean. I always try to remind myself that you have to separate the artist from the art, but it's so damn hard to do sometimes.
Damn, such a sad situation :(
I feel like having the horizon not level often adds an unsettling effect, though sometimes I've found myself needing to use a slightly less-than-level horizon to get a good balance between other lines and shapes in a photo. You're right- sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't.
Sanctions. Putin wants them gone, and so, it would seem, does Trump.
Well you have to allow a couple minutes for a post-coital cuddle with yourself.
So sad to hear of this. I liked Greg a lot; he was a true Baltimore character and all-around standup guy. I actually had one of his bagels today (well, one made by Greg's Bagels under the new ownership), and if there's one bright spot in this, it's that the bagels and the business live on.
That's a pretty perfect analogy.
I'd say the G4 shots have too little contrast. They look washed out in comparison.
They are wrong to use apostrophes to indicate plurals. You should also capitalize the "I" in your post too, though I don't think that's technically an issue of grammar.

Here's a guide to apostrophe use that I found that looks pretty decent. Please excuse the long link as I'm on mobile: 

http://www.grammarbook.com/punctuation/apostro.asp
I feel like that must have been the fault of an editor, rather than the article writer.
I use Miracast to stream Amazon Prime video, since Amazon wants me to buy a Fire Stick and I refuse to because of already having a Chromecast.
Man, I saw that first on IG and then when I saw it here, I was like, "That's JarretPorter's shot that I saw on IG!".

I'd forgotten that I first started following you through this sub, haha. Anyway, love your photos. Keep it up man!
I love Those random Capitals!!
I was reading your comment and suddenly picturing him as Sean Penn's character in *Carlito's Way*, out of his depth trying to be a badass, with disastrous consequences.
As an American who sometimes passes through, those things are food of the Gods...my absolute favorite traditionally British food I've had. 

Those, and Sunday roasts.
I don't know, I mean the man is not known for his tastes...
I do that too and agree; was just curious what temp OP used.
Kitties+tea, I like!

How hot or cold was the water you used for the initial steep, roughly?
You could make the case that he's doing a lot for them by not doing anything *to* them though- by not enforcing sanctions, not taking seriously that they meddled in the election, etc.
It's true; you can take down nearly anyone you're in a public disagreement with by yelling "At least I don't fuck my dog!!" Try it sometime.
I don't know if it's technically incorrect, but I'd consider it inadvisable. 

Also, bad.
FWIW, I'm looking at it now from *my* phone (with Reddit is fun), and it looks great.

I don't Reddit much on my actual computer.
I have both; got the vapcap first. I find I use the vapcap for microdosing/conserving at home, and also solo trail hikes where I want to carry minimal weight. 
That would be cool if it allows me to quickly type something in it, instead of making the keyboard disappear after I type the first letter, like it does now.
I'd love to see it happen. I imagine that you'd have to have a redesigned grid that could safely handle intermittent power sources. 

To try this on relatively smaller islands whose grids are independent of mainland ones might end up being a really innovative proof of concept.
How do you get water that hot in an outdoor park?
I remember him hanging around a lot in 2000, mostly in Florida.
Oh that explains it, thanks!
Storytime, pls
Nowhere did I describe any of this as "literally empirically valid", I'm just talking about points of similarity between the two systems, which are, at their core, models of certain people's understandings of the universe. 

I was raised in a western culture, with western science and medicine. I believe things like antibodies and neurons exist, because I have faith in the work and methodology of the scientists who discovered them. But if I'm practicing Tai Chi and Qigong, it's ultimately not that important to me to empirically verify that there are such things as the lower dantien or the by-way point. If, by using this model, I'm able to improve my health and well-being, I'll continue to do certain exercises in certain ways as if these things *do* have a literal, provable, existence.
Of course the Chinese didn't *call them* Chakras; that word, and the concept, is from India.

But in Chinese traditions, energy centers are recognized, and some of them correspond with the energy centers in Indian systems. The second chakra, for example, is at the same place as the lower dantien in Chinese systems.

The third eye point that is used in some qigong exercises is associated with, though distinct from, what's known as the upper dantien, which is a point inside the skull, behind the space between the eyes. The former has a direct correlation with the sixth chakra in Indian systems.
I mean Jesus was just all right with him, so there's something...

Or not.
"Gravity doesn't exist. It's all just relative densities of substances" -my flat Earth believing, moon landing denying friend.
Which is why my Tai Chi teacher says to make qigong, even the kinds he teaches, less than half of one's daily practice, doing actual Tai Chi for most of it. 

A lot of this comes down to where the energy is stored. Storing qi in the lower dantien (analogous to the second chakra) is considered safe, but if too much energy work is done in the higher energy centers without proper grounding, like the third eye (sixth chakra in Vedic systems), you can get pretty unhinged.
You can say that again (but pls don't, thx).
I do it sometimes too. Yes, people get mad sometimes, even if I'm nice about it. But I've been on this site for years, and a few downvotes here and there don't phase me. I say go for it; just don't be a dick about it, and try not to sidetrack the discussion too much with your helpful grammar nudges. In the end, everybody benefits.
Hello, Tillo.
Also with Clinton, I feel like there was a level of corruption absent in the Obama administration. Nothing that's been explicitly proven, but there have been lots of questions raised about Mena Arkansas and cocaine trafficking, his relationship with Jeffrey Epstein, and other allegations.

It's worth mentioning here that even if all that stuff is true, I don't believe Clinton came anywhere close to the level of corruption in the Trump administration, which I do believe is the most corrupt in our nation's history.
Thank you. Also, props to your being a fellow Marylander
Nice, like that other guy (sort of) from Kenya...you know, the guy who was *arguably the best US president of the last 50+ years*.
Also, from what I understand, Juggalos are pointedly anti-racist. That would make their support of Trump that much more unlikely, I'd think.
So sick...
Warren is probably my favorite as a pure guitar player- interesting note choices w a consistent energy level. Mayer has a great energy, though I'm not always so into his licks, especially when he is playing over more "out" sections (space, etc), and he tackles it by getting "bluesey", a la Clapton.

Kimock has some great ideas sometimes, but imo he often comes off as a bit disengaged and it bums me out a little. I understand he wasn't always like this, so maybe I need to go back and listen to some of his earlier jams.

Being a Marylander, I've gotten to see Chris Jacobs a few times and think he's a great player, especially on more country-esque tunes. He's not quite as good on tunes that require playing over tricky changes, like Crazy Fingers, but as a guitarist myself, that shit's hard yo.
Oh cool. That reminds me; I think I'm late on paying my ensurance. 
You mean the made for tv miniseries one? Literally the only thing good in it, besides the story of course, is the Randall Flagg guy. Love the book though.
That's a useful way of looking at it, thanks.
Today's Russian government isn't communism though. More of an authoritarian oligarchy. 

That said, I also hate it when they call Bernie supporters communists just because we/they want to incorporate more socialist ideas into our political system. It ignores the fact that the intent is still for it to be very much a democracy, in fact much moreso than the kind of system Trump supporters envision.
I don't specifically remember getting one. The main newspaper in my city publishes a voter guide, though, so I've always looked at that.
That's also really cool that it comes with the voter pamphlet. I've found the whole experience of going to my polling place to be a bit overwhelming in certain respects, namely discovering certain local positions and ballot initiatives on the ballot that I'd wished I'd researched more.
I almost got into an accident at an intersection with a stop sign because someone didn't have their headlights on. It was twilight, cloudy, and the car I almost hit was grey- perfectly camouflaged with the grey street and nearby buildings. I didn't see it until it was maybe 20 feet away and slammed on my brakes. 

People have no idea how dangerous it is, driving around without headlights on. I keep them on regardless of the time of day; that way I won't forget to turn them on when night comes.
Ah cool
This figure you saw sounds uncannily like the Stephen King character, Randall Flagg: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Randall_Flagg
There's a part in *The Stand* where he's holding in his hand a shiny metal key, tempting this character Lloyd, who's locked up in a deserted prison. Creepy stuff.
I'm not a mod or anything, but would you mind not posting this kind of thing here anymore? Thanks.
Seriously. It masks the taste of your perfectly good, dank weed with a shitty, chemical-laden flavored tobacco wrapper, gives you a bullshit headrush from the nicotine that may well bring you to the verge of puking, and all the while a good percentage of your otherwise high quality herbs are just being wasted as they burn off the lit end into the surrounding air. No thanks.
Hell yes, Old Bay and vinegar forever!!

*Marylander fist bump*
Maybe I'm just speaking for myself here, but I'm glad it was. I've been following Franken's political career since it started, and this piece gave me a level of understanding about him that other articles hadn't.

Franken is a smart, funny, highly motivated man, and a truly dedicated public servant. The rest of the US political establishment could learn a lot from him.
Forgot about him being Jewish. Alt-righters' heads would explode.
Actually an acquaintance of mine is one, I've recently found out. I was like, "dude, I've been in a plane before. You can clearly see the curvature of the earth from six miles up, and anyway it's been proven mathematically that the earth is round since ancient Greece." He didn't really have anything to say about that.
I don't know. If it turns out that the GOP as an organization illegally obtained Russian money for their campaign coffers, he could be implicated as well. I guess we'll see how far the rabbit hole goes...
Get rid of both of them. There are indications that Pence is also guilty of obstruction of justice.
Also, for whatever it's worth, if he became president, he might be our first ever president to have taken LSD. That's a plus in my book. 
Sundown, you'd better take care

If I find you've been puttin' punctuation there
Could have been any number of things that caused this, but your first step to figuring out what to do next should be to get it towed to a mechanic who will pressure test your system and make sure the head gasket isn't blown.
Right. I personally don't care if the DNC hack was an inside job or not. The social media hacking, all the Putin-bots on twitter, reddit, manipulation of Facebook, all that was hugely significant in swaying the election. 

And the DNC hack itself did benefit Putin's agenda, so even if it did technically originate from someone on the inside, the results were the same as if it didn't.
That was pretty awful, but it's a tough call between that and last Friday.
Cool. A mechanic friend of mine was telling me how part of the reason E46s are quicker than E36s has something to do with the DISAs in these. I wish I could remember more specifics, but anyway yeah- you probably get a lot more out of your 170 hp than other cars with  similar specs, as far as engine size and hp go.
Sure! I myself have a 325i, which are the most common regardless of series. We also see a fair amount of 323s, occasionally a 318, and a lot of 328s. Plenty of 330s too. 
Nice! Fun fact: many Americans have never seen a 320i in person (I have, in Europe).
I'm a musician and songwriter. Maybe I'm only speaking for myself, but I've been finding it pretty hard to be creative and focus effectively when I'm breathlessly checking for updates several times a day about this trainwreck of a presidency.
Or lengthen his first name to "Stephen" and he becomes a renowned best-selling novelist, Trump-resister, and all around good dude.
The way it was written in the article, it seems the writer was referencing a conversation they'd had in June.
Too soon
I think they were trying to GTFO, and it was something Bronn was going to convince Pod of. They'll meet up with Jamie in S8 E1, probably.
I think the vertical orientation works well for this; had it been in landscape, the truck's height might have messed up the composition.

So in manual mode, you can hit the AE button on the bottom right and it will more or less function as if in auto mode. This is good for quick shots. If you've got time to set up a shot (like when shooting a non-moving landscape or a sleeping cat), the main things you're going to want to be able to adjust are ISO, shutter speed, and white balance. I personally don't find myself using manual focus too much. 

ISO lets more light hit the sensor as the values go higher, but also increases noise. Try keeping the ISO low and adjusting the shutter speed, which also controls the amount of light which hits the sensor. Of course, with a longer shutter speed, you're likely to get more blur, so you'll want to experiment on a shot-by-shot basis.

White balance affects the overall color accuracy. Try looking at the shot framed by your phone, then looking at the actual object/scene you're shooting back-to-back and adjusting the WB based on this, to try and get the most accurate color. The little symbols on the WB wheel are good to use as guidelines (sun symbol for outdoor shots, fluorescent light symbol for artificially lit indoor shots).
5 Guys, actually.
"A couple" is two. So what you initially wrote is factually wrong.
I really like this kitty.
I second the R House suggestion. There's such a huge selection of quality foods there, and the space itself feels open and inviting.
I have one, and the beatpads work fine. With drum sounds, they trigger the kick, snare, hat, etc., in a rather predictable manner. 

However, it lacks aftertouch and the action isn't that good for, say, piano or rhodes sounds. I'm looking to upgrade soon.
That's what my girlfriend upgraded from recently, to an almost equally tiny iPhone- the SE. Being used to my V20 and G4 before that, I can barely read the screen on hers.
"Hey so I was thinking of reserving the room for a party, but um...would you mind changing "party's" to "parties", on the sign? It's just this thing I can't seem to get past." - Me, probably.
I really liked "Hearts in Atlantis". It was one of my favorite late-period SK books for sure. Even the movie was pretty good.
Because Bannon, probably. Sounds like something he'd be pushing after being removed last week, and I don't doubt that he or his people post on Reddit.
He was calling for their execution before they were found not guilty by the DNA evidence. After they were found to not be guilty, he denied the ruling and said that they should still be sentenced to death.
Brannon
I agree. I think it was set up to say "by the pound", and they substituted "pound" for "each", when they could have just said "each". That combined with the incorrectly placed apostrophe makes for a pretty awkward sign.
Who or what is the PLA?
My purposes are seriously intensive; intensive like you wouldn't believe. And that's just the purposes!
Which is aptly named, as it is indeed strong enough to wake the dead.
It'll be like Omar and Brother Mouzone teaming up to take out Stringer. 

Not exactly a perfect analogy, but you get the gist of it, probably.
Oh awesome, thanks for getting back to me, and I'm very sorry for your loss.

What would you want from me to ship it? I'm in Baltimore, MD, if this helps to know.
Crazy thought, but what if he becomes the wight they bring back?
Nice, I appreciate that! It's always bugged me, not having those. My car is black, but I would just paint yours if I got one or both from you.
Mine came to me without tow hook covers, front and back. Do you have yours still?
As someone who's car has an occasionally leaking sunroof and door seals, I'd gladly support such an endeavor. 

I saw a Yunnan Sourcing video on YouTube where Scott said that although he can't prove it, he feels that water boiled over fire gives the tea a better flavor. 

I know that's not practical for most of us, and it's not practical for me either, but I'd imagine he's right about this.

My thinking would be:

Teapot or kettle boiled over fire (could be gas flame on a stove) > electric kettle > microwave-heated water
Not on his upper back. He'll probably go for a Trump Stamp.
Agreed, I think most of what he hears is from relatively low-level staffers who themselves have heard things second or third hand.

It's too bad; I want to believe him because he seems like a genuinely good guy who means well, but I don't trust his info.
Yeah Palmer was saying that yesterday, said he had already begun to phase out Taylor's info, and now he won't be using it anymore.
Not doubting you, but it is kinda weird that these are all big numbers starting with two, followed by a bunch of zeroes.
They could have some really rare ones up in there. First pressings, even.
Holy shit dude.
I saw that too, had a split second of wtf, and then it went back to normal and I basically forgot about it.
Now you're onto something: *He could literally fuck her with someone else's dick*.
If the V30 is going to be anything like the V20, the headphone jack will be a must. Not that the Bluetooth doesn't work, but the wired audio is just so great sounding with the DAC(s) in HiFi mode, I wouldn't want to mess with it.
Ah ok, thanks for chiming in! They are really unique teas. I hope you are indeed able to find something similar :)
Late to this thread, but I've been using One More Triple Drivers and they are amazing. They are 32 ohms, so I doubt they trigger all four DACs, but sound awesome nonetheless. 

Edit: Grammar
Not grammar. Maybe it's German?
Ever watch Agatha Christie's Poirot? Fun show. Anyway, he frequently asks his receptionist, Miss Lemon, for his tisane upon arriving to the office in the morning. If I weren't such a raving tea head, I'd have probably had to google it to find out what that word meant.
I've really enjoyed his Nepal Pearl Oolong, as well as the Nepal Silver Oolong. They go out of stock quickly, or at least they did when I was frequently ordering from What-Cha, so timing is important with these.
Nice one, thanks for posting. I found it to be particularly illuminating about CMC's approach to instruction, and also the guy's general attitude here is just so refreshing that it made it very enjoyable to watch.
Wait, I'm a Democrat. Did I miss something here? I think I can speak for at least most of us when I say that We Always Knew He'd Be Very Bad.
The V20 is a great phone, and I've absolutely been loving it coming from the G4. But you might want to wait and see what the V30 is like, as it's getting released in September, I believe.
I don't think so, though I've heard others say this. If anything, it's basically the same, in my experience...the main rear camera, that is.
Wow, that is pretty illuminating, thx.
If your experience is anything like mine has been, you will be stoked. Get yourself a decent pair of headphones and you won't regret a thing. I got the One More triple drivers and am very happy. 

Edit: The V20 camera isn't a noticeable downgrade from the G4's, plus you get the second wide angle camera. Also don't forget that you'll have manual video mode, which is nice.
Exactly. And the reason Apple did it is because the iPhone 7 has this badass haptic motor, which they needed to make space for. If the Pixel doesn't have something comparable I don't see the point.
Oh nice. Makes it extra fun for diabetics and other people who shouldn't have sugar according to medical advice.
Absolutely. And that's something I don't think Russia's new apologists on the right truly understand, because they won't let themselves see it for what it is. They say "why wouldn't we want a better relationship with Russia?" and don't quite get that we're talking about a country with corruption of an entirely different degree than what we have in the US.

I think Trump's statement, "Don't think we haven't done our share of killing" (or whatever the exact quote was), is particularly illuminating about this mindset. These people have been completely sucked in by an alternative narrative and want it to be true so bad, they're willing to completely ignore whatever doesn't back it up.
He thinks he's Theon again, though he's actually still Reek.
I think he'll be back though. Maybe he'll be the one to rediscover how to make Valeryian steel, which ends up being just the thing needed to fight the WW.
Yeah I was looking for the part about how OP could save 20% or more on car insurance and didn't see it, figured the same thing.
>I can't wrap my mind around how we have elected officials with 1960's ideals.  

That's the thing. In the '60s, many of those same people were saying similar things about the generations above them, who were in power at the time. Now look at them. 

It seems to be just a fact of life that many people become more conservative as they get older. They find religion, want to hold on to more of their money now that they've got more, etc. I don't expect this to change as more Gen X/Y/millennials get elected to public office in the years to come.

Either works.
Nice. I was in the UK recently and met a friend for tea. Was surprised that they had pyramid bags of Mao Feng at the place.  Me being used to the whole leaf Mao Feng I have, I was pleasantly surprised at the taste of the somewhat broken leaves in the bags. Really not bad at all.
*via twitter*
Why not the V20? I moved to it because I was tired of the G4's lackluster battery life and didn't want the bootloop threat looming over my head any longer.

My understanding is that the V20s have only bootlooped when someone has used an off brand USB C cable, or because of mistakes trying to root them. My experience is that it has a great camera, better battery life, and more processing power/is faster. Plus the audio kicks ass. It does lag/freeze sometimes, but only infrequently so it doesn't bother me too much. Anyway, just my $0.02. Good luck on your next phone!
Not going to happen.
Should be a "the" there, and if your friend can't see that, well, maybe he or she is beyond being able to be helped.
True, but then s/he says "Its", when it should be "It's".
The fucked up thing is, you're gonna see a lot more 10ml bottles littered than you would have if they were still sold in 30s and 60s.
I feel ya there. For me, it's the apostrophe thing: namely, putting them where they don't belong (plural nouns). When I was just seeing it on the internet here and there it was only slightly maddening, but when I see it on official signage it absolutely infuriates me.
I agree up to a point. I think restrictions on soda sizes are silly, and that the deeming regulations on vaping are heavy-handed, to say the least. Laws governing the use of recreational drugs need massive overhauls at minimum, and on local levels there are all kinds of bullshit laws governing alcohol sales.

Trans fats? I'm not sure...seems like some regulation there is a good thing. Helmet laws? Probably a good idea. Also it's good to keep in mind that food safety regulations have kept the US from having an epidemic of Mad Cow disease, for instance. So in my view, it's entirely case by case.
Absolutely! Like for example, health, safety, and environmental regulations. The problem is that the word "regulations" is so often thrown around as being a bad thing by the right, it causes people to have a very simplistic view of a very multifaceted situation.
It was a pretty good state until those stars fell on it.
Smoke? Umm, we *vape* here.
It's bound for the moon, I hear.
Agreed on Cass McCombs. He's one of the best songwriters of this era for sure. His band, though it's a shifting lineup, has been pretty jammy these past few years. I've even seen them do some pretty far-out space jams.
Nope, not gonna rhea.
Agreed. It could be one component, plus things like improving the schools, having after-school programs for more at-risk kids, and job training programs. All of these things cost money and it might be a generation or so before we start seeing big changes... But of course, locking people up costs money too, so it just comes down how we want to spend it.
Nah, I prefer tea grown at sea level with lots of chemicals, picked by indentured servants who are treated harshly.


Kidding, of course :) 
Well yeah, but he screws them too.
Jim Steinman wrote all that stuff. He was the genius behind "Total Eclipse of the Heart" as well.
Head Over Heels is pretty genius as well. My favorite from them, actually.
My key cost $190. Yes, had to go to the dealer but I don't regret it. They only make 10 for the life of the car though, so don't lose it.
Oh this looks amazing, thank you. Exactly the kind of thing I was hoping would exist.
And unhappy.
Chimenti is indeed the real deal. When they did "the days between" at GD50, the combination of Bobby's vocals and Jeff's organ brought me to the verge of tears. I'd never had organ playing affect me on such a fundamental emotional level before. 
Middle aged Roland Park ladies still do, actually.
My instructors' classes consist of various levels. Tai Chi 1, 2, 3, and 4 are mainly about teaching the form in weekly 10-class sections. After the student has completed TC 4, there are advanced classes, in which certain aspects of the form or just general Tai Chi theory are explored- for example, we'll have a series of classes focusing on opening the *kua*, substantial/insubstantial weight distribution, proper structure in single whip, etc.

In all of these classes, we'll do some Qigong of various different styles, and in every class we'll do at least one round of the form, even in the beginning classes where the students only know the first few moves. It takes about a year and a half in our classes before the whole short form is taught (Yang style, CMC lineage). Different types of standing meditation are taught as well.There are other classes offered more or less monthly that focus on push hands and weapons styles (sword, staff, fan).
Cool, thanks. I use a Mac and have downloaded Fotor...It was only like $10 but is irritatingly limited.
Nice one! How do you feel about aftershot vs Snapseed? I've never used aftershot. 

Edit: NM, saw that it is desktop software. How's it compare to Lightroom?
It means your phone is tapped.

But, you know, if you've got nothing to hide...
Hey thanks. I'm leaving tomorrow. Ordered 12 60ml bottles, so I think I'll be good on juice once I make it all. I'm gonna be up DIYing late... Should be fun.
Eww, dude.

You're probably right though.
If he/she had a lawyer, sure. But is that worth it for what I'm guessing would be a $100 or less fine?
I've used it for concerts that aren't super loud and have gotten great recordings. Band practice is a different story though. Maybe it's because our amps are loud, maybe it's because we're in a smallish, enclosed space, but the recordings tend to overly distort, even when I manually cut 20db from it (I believe the concert setting is -10db).
That's cool; I appreciate people correcting me here sometimes too.

Sometimes :)
Unless the language in the bill is different, the part in the title about restricting the *first use* of nuclear weapons wouldn't contradict the kind of instance you mentioned.
Well they already counterfeit the US's *actual money*, so I'd think IP might be a little further down the list.
So was I, but somehow I had enough critical thinking skills to not vote for the_dumbass.
Came here to suggest this. I don't remember which one I got but it works great. Reviews said that images onscreen may not appear quite as sharp, but it has not been an issue for me at all.
Well a billion then.
Awesome. I'm sure they'll have that in Brighton then... Gonna be hanging out there for a bit before going to mainland Europe.
Google messenger is a good app, but I  didn't like how photos I'd send or receive through it came out all pixelated. Textra solved that for me.
Hey thanks for the tip. I could have sworn you could bring it in checked luggage (I've often brought shampoo, etc), but I guess that's no longer a thing? Good to know though...that would have sucked if I had tried! I think I'll just order a bunch of 60 ml bottles and go from there. 

Yeah I do nothing but sit in the back of the van and vape while on tour. Well, that and actually playing shows or sleeping. I think I'm up to something like 30ml/day... It's kinda ridiculous, but now is not the time to quit.
Hmmm yeah I don't think I'll be going with these guys.
Oh yeah, Manafort too.
I don't share your cynicism on this. At the very least I believe Flynn and Kushner will go down. And I'm just talking in a more immediate sense.
I'll take extra bad mojo for $400, Alex.
Yeah, like cutting Medicaid. Heyoo!
That's awesome! I've got Prime and didn't know about this. Thanks for the tip!
Probably because he's not that bright and didn't know what immunity entailed exactly.
Well then the people who are fleeing oppression and plan to enter as refugees would be turned away, in a majority of instances. This would be especially harsh if they're women and/or children.
I have a friend like that. Great guy whom I've known for years. But he listens to AM talk radio and visits God-knows-what websites, and has been taking about vast governmental pedophilia rings and even fucking *Niburu*. Sucks because I've aligned with him on a lot of fringey shit in the past, but lately he's gone way further into the weird.
Does Mugwort leave a taste in your vape? I got a bunch growing out back.
OP pls
That would be some Game of Thrones level shit. I mean can you imagine?
Still though. A lot of those people were hippies back in the day, saying the same things about the generations born before them. Then the '80s came, and they sold out. A lot of them became Republicans because they started making lots of money and thought they were being taxed too much. Even Neil Young turned away from Carter and started supporting Reagan for a bit. He's come around, of course, but many haven't.
My bad, I read it quickly and thought he was talking about putting a comma in after the series of tasks. Edit: after "smell them".
Nice. I'm in the US but will be visiting the UK soon. I recently learned of a tea farm in Oregon, which was as much of a surprise. Their prices as I recall were similar. Seems tea is really expensive to grow outside of the major tea- producing regions.
Cool! Is it like a white peony? Looks like it. Never knew they grew tea in Scotland.
Probably Twinings, I'm guessing.
Gonna have to ask you for a source on that.
Cool! Happy to help
Dude, I want one.
Agreed, that was my favorite of his. I'm  in general not even a big fan of his, but that one was just so well-thought out and fun to watch.
The adaptive limiter is what you want. Limiting is a type of compression, but what it's​ designed for is to prevent peaks from crossing a certain threshold, for example 0.0db, the highest you can go before introducing digital clipping.

So what you can do is boost the gain with the knob towards the left (it's set at +3db by default which does plenty), and set the max level at 0.0db or some level below that, which won't let any peaks past that threshold.
Not any kind of lawyer or anything like that here, but could this be a first amendment violation? Seems like it could be.
Oh, you mean like last night, here on Reddit? I 'member!
People associated with him, even.
He seems to think that by cutting social programs, like the ones benefiting children, the elderly, veterans, and especially the poor, he's making room in the budget. 

Of course, he hasn't actually done the math, nor have any of his people, but it feels right in his tiny mind.
Nice. I did this on a recording once, though I used Goodhertz's LoHi plugin, which has some pretty great filter functions. I used a LPF on the master track, sweeping from 20hz all the way up over the course of about 45 seconds. Sounds killer! The very beginning has a nice "brown note" vibe going on, haha.
Ok, but you have to admit, it's kinda insane that it's even a thing. It's a goddamn comedy of errors with those guys.
The G in GIF stands for "graphic", which has a hard G sound.
Bethany is indeed pretty chill, as is Rehoboth. For a day trip, or if you feel like camping overnight, Cape Henlopen is great. That's more of a "pure beach" experience, though. Aside from the snack bar and a couple trails that go through dunes and old lookout towers, there isn't much there *except* the beach.
You wouldn't be the first, but by all means, go for it.
I've done it cold brew style. Used 12 grams with 44oz water in the fridge for about 10 hours. Very light in color but that lick-your-lips vegetal umami shone through. And that was last year's tea. Looking forward to trying it with some 2017!
The German system isn't too far removed from Obamacare, IIRC. There's a public option similar to Medicare/Medicaid, but if/when you upgrade to private insurance you pretty much have to stay on it. I believe having some form of coverage is mandatory. German people, feel free to correct me if I'm way off base.
We could even start doing the thing they did in *The Man in the High Castle* and pre-emptively take sick people out of the gene pool by way of euthanasia. Shit, no one get Trump a Prime account actually. Don't want to give him any ideas...
There's something we've practiced in my class called Yiquan Walking. It's quite difficult to do it in any way other than very slowly, though, so I don't recommend integrating it into hiking.

Basically it involves taking a stride, putting 100% of your weight into the forward foot, then lifting your back foot so that the whole foot is lifted at once, then setting that foot down in front so that the entire foot comes down at once with no weight on it. Then, weight is shifted into that foot and the process repeats.

It's a great exercise for getting a feel for substantial/insubstantial; as a practical means of getting around, not so much.
You could say "fight children's diabetes", because it has that apostrophe. But I think "fight childhood diabetes" sounds a lot less awkward.
No. Adding the "help" doesn't make it any better, since it still includes the phrase "fight children". This is the main thing we want to avoid.
"Fight *For* Children With Diabetes", or  maybe "Fight Childhood Diabetes”. I do realize the second example changes the meaning slightly, so I'd go with the first.
I've noticed this in my car, but on the left side.
Man, I couldn't even finish that article, so horrifying!

I knew CrossFit had negative effects on a lot of people, but had no idea it was ever that bad. Meanwhile, I've been doing Tai Chi for a little over three years now, my state of mind is as clear and focused as it ever was, and I'm in the best shape of my life in my mid 40s. My teacher is 66 and looks 55 tops. His wife (also​ an instructor) is 50 something and looks 35. Tai Chi goes so far beyond any of these weird health fads it's ridiculous.
Fuck, that reminds me, I gotta cancel that shit. Signed up for a free trial months ago when I wanted to listen to an audiobook on a long car trip. I keep meaning to cancel, but they make it so that you can only cancel on a desktop computer, and I only ever remember when I see the app and I'm away from the computer. It's a very stupid and expensive cycle I've found myself in.
Thanks for bringing the hammer down. These area 51 posts are ruining what is otherwise a really cool sub. I'm just so sick of seeing them every week or so.
Definitely. The app first came out 5 years ago and is amazing as far as mobile synthesis goes, but it would have been very cool if they'd have thought this through a little better.
You're right, in fact I think that's what I'm going to do. The app is 5 years old at this point, so I'm unlikely to succeed, but I have nothing to lose by trying. Thanks for helping me think this through.
Understood, but I'm not trying to move them outside of the app, just order them within the app for ease of access on my end.
I'm actually not sure. The presets themselves are *composed of* WAV files, but there is additional information governing how they are accessed and processed within Animoog that makes them presets and not just timbres.
Nice! I've got a very similar set, the differences being in the pouring vessel, 10 cups came with it, and there was a small yixing-looking teapot that came with it (probably fake yixing, but hey- I love it for my black teas). Oh and no tea pet. The Gaiwan and cups look identical to yours. The really cool thing about it was that I found it at my local Asian market for $35. I was super stoked.
I had already had a tray and other assorted teaware, so this fit right in.

Edit: actually the pouring vessel is the same, my goof. But I don't have that infuser/strainer thing that you have.
Haha nice. That was one of the best bits T&E ever did, as evidenced by the fact that I can no longer hear of either Jeff Goldblum or The Blue Man Group without thinking of it, ever since I first saw it a couple years ago.
Thanks for this. Yes, I've got my phone set to take RAW shots when in manual mode, which is always. Good points otherwise too. I've been taking these shots in indirect window light during the daytime.. that said, I think a lot of them have been in less-than-ideal light, like too late in the day, when it's overcast, etc. 
Nice, thanks for posting these. Agreed that the S8 shots look a little better, but your V20 shots are really good too!

So one issue I've had lately with my V20 is getting my whites and greys to show up as whites and greys, without reddish or blueish tones. I've mainly experienced this when I've taken product photos of things I'm trying to sell, with either white paper or a grey granite countertop underneath. Messing around with the white balance just shifts things from reddish to blueish, without being able to get a truly neutral sweet spot. Have you had this issue?

I've been able to fix this to a degree in Snapseed using the brush filter to erase saturation, but it would be great to fix it in the camera before post.

Huh weird. I guess maybe because the screen is so big...?
Well there you go. Peppers, the "bell" kind, are truly odious fruits masquerading as vegetables, and people put them in every damn thing. As my redneck friend Daryl from high school used to say, "They shoulda never had 'em". 
I do, and I have a tempered glass one still in the box. I was going to put it on last night, but then I got high and didn't feel like doing it anymore. Maybe I'll put it on today.
Nice, thanks. I've got one on order now with Prime. Looking forward to it.
Hey thanks, that is good to know. I have seen a few there and didn't know if they'd fit.
I thought it was a minimalist vulva sculpture. Jk, but my gf dislikes mine for that reason.
That's not a good angle to take. If "that's what everyone buys" was a compelling reason to buy a phone, I'd have an iPhone. 
I live there still. He's basically alright; the issue I have with him is that he's de-prioritized Baltimore's transportation needs over that of the rest of the state. But Baltimore has its share of other problems too, and as far as Hogan goes, we could have it much, much worse. 
Hmmm, wonder why I said Dyna Vap. I meant vapcap. Anyway, agreed to that..It does a great job conserving. I have the TI woody shorty
See, for me it's using a wax pen. I find I can get a really nice, subtle buzz going if I don't hold it in too long. My Dyna Vap tends to get me kinda blasted, because I "don't want to waste the second hit". 
His being a Samsung Galaxy S5 owner, it would be more of an "Ok Google" situation, but otherwise your point stands.
What I want to know: The article states she ordered an Arnold Palmer. Did she call it that, or the regional variant, the "half and half"?
Something that took me a while to grasp in regards to single whip is, you want to end up with your hips squared to the direction you're facing. Really helps with stability, I've found.
And he's cut AF, which is unexpected since he otherwise looks like a shaggy stoner weirdo.

I'm saying this as a shaggy stoner weirdo who is decidedly NOT cut AF.
Well, it's just a quick walk from Club Charles, Windup Space, and the Crown, so it has that going for it I guess.
Yep, the only spots that I would ever hit would be the Station North and Penn Station ones...but maybe that's just me.
Yes, and as someone who has visited Truro, that place fucking rules too.
Eww dude
I grew up right around there. Wild.
Which is why I always carry around my tintype camera and a flash powder tray.
Few would deny that this is, in fact, a video of people doing Tai Chi.
I'd say yes, leave them for a few months, but preferably not in a tea tin. You'd be better off in the Ziplocks they come in with them sealed.

And keep those in a cool, dark, dry place if possible. 

I've been storing tea this way and all my spring 2016's are fine, even the greens, which tend to lose flavor sooner.
Mainly the white balance is often off and tends toward blueish, and the camera will want to overexpose a bit in bright light. Low light shots tend to be noisy and/or blurry.

It's not too hard to use the manual mode though, which allows you to solve the above problems beautifully. Once you get the hang of it you can pretty much fly through it and get some great shots.
I've had this phone for a week now and it's pretty badass. Yes, it's big, and yes, the auto mode on the camera is kinda meh. BUT I love the screen in anything other than bright-ass daylight, and listening to music on this thing with good headphones is addictive AF. I say go for it.
Right, I just meant that I was wondering if you sing a German place name instead of "West Virginia" when you get to that line in the song.

I've heard reggae versions of Country Roads, and on one of them, they sung something about Jamaica in that line, and in another, they kept the West Virginia line, so I was just curious.
Do you substitute a German state or city name for the "West Virginia" line?
Nice to hear you're together. I wish you all the best in your impending motherhood!
So what's your present status with said boss? Y'all gonna marry? Have you already?
I've got the creaking sound too, and what they told me is that I've got one bad ball joint in the front left (where I hear the creaking sound), and a control arm bushing that needs replacing on the right side. 

So it might be either one or both of those in your case. When you hit the brakes, is there a bit of a thump? My understanding is that that can be a ball joint thing as well.
The tempered glass one is going to give you more protection, and probably feel better to use too.

Think of what a tempered glass screen protector actually does. It cracks under stress so that your screen doesn't have to. You're not going to get that kind of protection with the plastic that comes pre installed.
John did that part, though: "I used to be cruel to my woman, I beat her and kept her apart from the things that she loved..."

John's voice and lyric there.
I don't know of any to point you to, but it's pretty intuitive once you know a few basic concepts, like how to use white balance, what ISO does, and how the shutter speed relates to the ISO.

On actual manual cameras you can adjust the aperture too (f stops), but in this case, the aperture is fixed at f 1.8, so it's one less variable to worry about.
No, didn't know there was one. Is that something in settings? I haven't fully explored the submenus and such yet. 

Edit: Ok I'm in this mode now and wow this is a mindfuck! Cool though, thanks for the heads up!
Sure! Haven't tested SOT yet because I've only had the phone like 26 hours so far and the battery has yet to fully calibrate anyway. 

The phone isn't draining nearly as fast as my last one did though. I've had it on wifi while at home and have continually been streaming music when out in my car, over LTE.

Really the only thing that's bugged me about the phone so far is that it's pretty big and I've found myself using two hands at points. I have large hands too. Mainly this has only become an issue with adjusting the volume controls, which are on the other side of the phone from where I hold it (am right handed). 

Also, I know you said you didn't care that it had a second screen, but I'm finding it to be really cool! Mainly in that it's a good place to have notifications pop up without getting in the way of other things.
Got one yesterday and I'm loving it so far. I'm coming from the LG G4, and compared to it, this is a huge improvement. Audio sounds amazing with the HiFi DAC, the screen looks great, fingerprint reader is fast, and the camera is definitely pretty decent, even on auto mode. 

Edit: battery life is alright so far, even after just a day. I had 100% at 9:30am,
used it pretty frequently throughout
the day, and charged it at 7 in the evening when it got down to 30%. Definitely better than what my G4 was getting.

It does seem to charge pretty quickly, even using quickcharge 2 (phone is compatible with quickcharge 3 but the included charger does quickcharge 2).

If you're concerned about low light photos, realize you do have a manual mode- a pretty great one, in fact. Just takes a little getting used to.
That's a really interesting article. I had no idea this phenomenon even existed.
Came here​ to post this! It's a perfect day for that.
Lying on TV is one thing; most politicians do this or have done this to a degree. Lying under oath is what gets you removed (unless you're Sessions).
Ok, I thought I heard they were closing or something... I do like Luigi's. Their Gabriella is my jam.
Yeah I really like that place. Sure it's a little pricey, but it's actually fairly difficult to find a well made sandwich in that part of town.
Spot fucking on, very good point.
She wouldn't be so bad as president, I'd think. She's a great communicator, and smart and pragmatic enough that she'd assemble a cabinet of very capable people. 

Also, she likes to read.
Plus he probably had to hop around on his one shoed foot the whole time he was locked up.
Good on him! Now he can enjoy more of his retirement without all the wheezing and coughing.
I'm not sure if there's anywhere in the US that coca will grow though, and you do kinda need that.
I think it would increase the likelihood of being able to pull it off, because, in Taoist energy terms, you'd have more *jing* to work with.
Yeah, I'd think there are in most cities. If you want to learn more, there's even a sub for it: r/taijiquan 
I realize that was a joke, but actually my Tai Chi teachers talk about "borrowing Qi from the environment", which makes sense, because when we die, our Qi dissipates, our bodies decompose, and all is returned.
I'm not the one looking to spread misinformation here...
Ah ok, thanks. I'm new to Rachel Maddow's show and thought the site had truncated it.
I saw this too, and it was amazingly well-laid out. 

I only saw it on the MSNBC site, and they cut off the part towards the end where she was talking about how Bahara bought himself more time by refusing to resign, saying "and what do you think he did with those 24 hours? We'll talk about this when we return"....

So my question is, can someone who was able to watch the whole segment chime in on what exactly he was thought to have done with the extra time he bought himself?
Maybe OP is just mad because he/she couldn't get free soda with a water cup.
It would be pretty badass of Lincoln if his ghost were to torment Trump, ala A Christmas Carol.
Which one? They have a few. Personally I love their imperial grade, though if I had to drink premium grade every day, I would not be unhappy.
Lol my grandfather fought in WW II and he died like 15 years ago, aged 74. I mean how old would Soros have to be?
I can't believe it's not
You're spot-on, I think. Among the core principles of what I'd consider classical conservatism is this idea that you don't change things for the sake of change, especially not things that are working. 

What Trump and Co are doing, or trying to do, is actually *radical* deconstructive anti-federalism. They want to throw out the baby and bathwater and replace them with post-industrial waste.
True, though some of us (like me) would consider that a tisane rather than tea.
Your perspective is an interesting one. Would you ever consider doing an AMA?
Sweet breads, such as zucchini bread, banana nut, etc. It's nice to have something that's not strong flavored enough to mask the taste of the tea, and not overly sweet either.
He's almost like America's Theon Greyjoy.
Moderate Republicans and centrist Democrats are very nearly the same. Does anyone remember the Obama/Romney debates? There really wasn't any disagreement between them on anything substantial.
Took me a minute, but here ya go:

 http://baltimore.cbslocal.com/2017/02/17/ms-13-gang-connected-to-several-disappearances-of-young-girls-in-md/
Yeah, that news story last week about the international gang that was kidnapping young teens in Baltimore was pretty freaky, makes me fear for the worst here. Of course I hope this is not the case in this instance.
Right, I mean he should know. 

The problem here is that what he's calling "fake" news, is that which is merely uncomfortable...for him. It's not outright false like Pizzagate or birtherism, or blown way out of proportion like Benghazi, so in essence what it does is a) attempt to create a situation whereby people can't tell what's real or not any more, and b) normalize his own lying. So it's pretty fucking dangerous.
The "Three B's"
That's what happened with my phone! It sent the text with the six digit code, and then the Play Services sign-in screen disappeared and I was logged back in before I could enter the code.
I'm a big tea drinker from the States. There are Starbucks everywhere in London and across the UK. Coffee has been taking over in a pretty big way over there for the past several years.
Also, the person he's talking about being bros with has himself lied nearly every day of his presidency so far. It's like a double Epimenides paradox going on over there.
"Dick-kicking brutality"
Yeah it's really too bad. They develop this whole parallel value system where being on the up and up, getting a job, etc., equals selling out to the man or whatever. All the while though, they can't see how much they're hurting themselves and their friends and family who would support them.
A lot of them have pretty serious addictions. I don't just mean heroin either. Alcoholism is rampant in the crust punk scene, for example. I once dated a girl that sort of went crust punk on me (part of why we broke up). The people she ran around with tended to be from middle and upper middle class upbringings who lived in self-imposed exile from the rest of society so that they could pursue heavy drinking and riding around in boxcars. It's all pretty messed up and unfortunate.
I love it. Interior is a bit distracting, but they've never let me down with food quality or service. On the other hand, I've heard nothing but bad stories from the Canton one.
That's true. I remember a friend telling me some time last year that they'd gotten better, and when I went there on his recommendation I got a surprisingly decent breakfast burrito.
Fun fact! Did you know most of Meatloaf's songs, his hits anyway, were written by songwriter Jim Steinman? He's the king of the epic ballad, in fact the same guy who wrote "Total Eclipse of the Heart".
Well, technically a shit-gibbon, but your point stands.
Understood. What I meant was, the stock market being high now doesn't necessarily portend toward a continued high level. I'm no economist, but when one considers Trump's appointments to posts that regulate economic activity (former Goldman Sachs people), as well as gutting Dodd-Frank, it seems to me that market fundamentals might be on shaky ground.
It's almost as if it will never come back down again...
Yes.
It really does, when you think about it.
As a semi frequent park-goer and day-hiker, fuck this shit. It's just going to add more noise to an otherwise serene natural habitat, and increase runoff that threatens to destabilize an already fragile stream system.
 
I agree with you on the traffic stuff too.
Because they're dicks.
Dude! My guy is chilling with me as I drink some Ya Shi Xiang Duck Shit right now...
Oh man that looks just like my tea-enjoying friend!

Edit: My lil' friend (grey tabby as well) also enjoys whenever I weigh or sort tea. I do believe the smell of tea, oolong in particular, is something he finds relaxing.
I'm in my 40s and this is the first I've heard of it.
From what I understand, the Le Pen candidacy is being propped up by Russia, as was/is Trump's. 

So in that light, it doesn't have to be in the National interest of France.
No. Reported.
Nope, I boil water in my electric kettle, then pour that water into my teapot, where it steeps, later to get poured again into a cup.

Of course, different people have different methods.
Regardless of laws and codes, I feel like Mad Cattery is the catchiest name on your list.
Yep, this is very different from situations where unarmed people are shot or otherwise killed by police.
The guy said "but we don't know that because they haven't been regulated by the FDA". As if regulating, with the heavy-handed, industry killing approach that comes with it, is the same as studying their effects in an unbiased manner. The two are very different.
So in November then, before Obama made it easier for the NSA to share information with the FBI and CIA.
Was going to say something along those lines. It would be a much easier transition for tobacco farmers vs high grade recreational or medical cannabis.
Right. If recent American Presidents operated like Putin, Trump would have died of radiation poisoning years ago.
The lack of free healthcare in this country, especially in proportion to what we pay in taxes, is a huge bummer indeed.

I should point out though, that while your friend might have been right in terms of income taxes, they have a huge sales tax in Sweden; something like 21% if memory serves. Your friend may be paying more in total taxes when that's factored in.
And it's not even that cool in the first place. I'd much rather have the view as is without the stupid, smug, "aren't we clever" hands holding a camera thing on my walls.
Hey thanks for the heads up. This could very well be my issue.
Toilets are plain white and not gold like mine in NYC. Sad!
No. I'm on an Android phone, so I think I'd have to be rooted for a decent one. Gonna research and see what my options are. Fwiw, it also happens with Salon.
Off-topic and I'm prepared for much downvoting for this, but what the fuck is wrong with thehill.com and their shitty hijack-y ads? Literally every time I try to read an article from this site on my phone, I'm victim to a redirect that says "Do you like Facebook? Choose yes or no", and steals my back button. Fuck this shit. It's a shame because otherwise The Hill's content is pretty good.
To me it does; good catch. In British English, though, often the "have/has" past tense form is preferred many instances where we wouldn't necessarily use it in American English. An example of this is "I've just come back from the store", vs "I just came back from the store".

Of course, Trump isn't British, so make of that what you may.
Unfortunately no. My understanding from the BMW shop is that I'd need a whole new steering wheel to do so, basically.
I didn't catch the spelling error until you pointed it out, but even so I don't see it necessarily being a grammar issue. I *do* think something being misspelled is a grammar issue when the words are misspelled to form other words in common use, such as with whose vs who's, or its vs it's. 
No one's attacking it here because it's not a grammar thing; it's more a matter of a word's definition being (possibly) stretched beyond its traditional use.

We could, for example, quibble as to whether "alt-right" literally means "Nazi", but it wouldn't enter into the realm of grammar until someone starts messing up their whose vs who's, misusing apostrophes, etc.

Kushter, probably. Wouldn't be surprised if he used the term "optics" when he discussed it with Trump.
I have this JVC unit I ordered from Crutchfield. Great sound, and I can get a pretty close match to the BMW orange in the dash display.

http://www.crutchfield.com/S-LRavWl7YATy/p_105KDR970B/JVC-KD-R970BTS.html 
Agreed, also customer service that could be described as "indifferent" at best. 
Probably about 5 or 6.
My worry is that he'll find a way to purge the agency of potentially disloyal factions before they can make their stand.
Nice, like Stalin then. 

No wait...
He definitely is, mostly because he's a bigot.
I understand he's not a fan of things Kosher. Or people who observe it.
Some, but by no means all. Part of the appeal of Trump among some people I know that voted for him is that he isn't religious and wasn't pushing for a lot of social conservative stuff. Pence, on the other hand...
Nice. Never met a Quaker I didn't like.
I know what you're saying and it makes sense to me, but I think you mean lesson or class rather than exercise. To me, an exercise would just mean the demonstration or practice of a single movement. 

For what it's worth, I'm in a moderately sized city in the US. The classes I go to are $150 for 10 weeks, with one class per week. So that adds up to $600/year, but you can also go to additional classes for free if you've already passed that skill level. For example, a student from the advanced classes can go to a Tai Chi 2 class for free, to get more practice and help demonstrate the form to the less advanced students.
See, that one's my jam
You can, and I've done it. Thing is, most of the time the other person won't remember it. They may have a vague sense of having dreamt of you, or they may have a memory that reinterprets the experience in a completely different manner than what you experienced. Shit's weird, yo.
Tai Chi guy here. What we do looks nothing like these movements. It's closer to some form of modern dance.
Good point. Kind of like Varys in Game of Thrones. Very anti-magic...scoffs at it every time it comes up...because he was castrated in his youth by an evil magician.
The cabinet appointees you describe as "carrying out the will of the people" aren't going to be doing that. They'll be carrying out the will of *some* people, namely anti-government conservatives and the minority of people that voted for Trump, with his much-discussed promises to "drain the swamp".

Most Americans actually do want clean air and water, a strong education system, and affordable health care.
Except for the massive ideological blind spots Trump supporters seem to have. Focusing on Hilary's emails, the Clinton Foundation, Benghazi, etc., ignores the fact that Trump is the walking embodiment of "conflict of interest", his Trump Foundation is so fraudulent that they've been barred from the state of New York, and his cabinet appointees have, by and large, pledged to dismantle the very institutions they are supposed to oversee. 
Not psychedelic, but a good song.
Well tbh it *is* a fair amount more nuanced than that. I think that Trump would like to think he can get Putin to side with the US over China, whereas in reality he's getting played by Putin, who wants to pit the US and China against each other so that Russia emerges as more powerful.

There's an interesting analysis here: https://newrepublic.com/article/139817/donald-trump-wants-ignore-russia-worry-china
Maybe "go to war with" is admittedly a bit of a stretch, but he wants Russia to be a dominant worldwide force, so by pursuing qualities that weaken the US, the EU, and China, he gets to emerge closer to the top of the heap.
It helps them unify, so that they can gut the middle class and trash the environment. 
Fuuuck.
Well he and Putin apparently want to go to war with them, so...
Ah I see. So I guess it's maybe all in *how* you focus on it. My teacher has advised us specifically on syncing breathing with the opening sequence only, and has otherwise said to be mindful of breathing, but mostly just to breathe deep from the lower belly and to let it happen evenly. I feel like that approach works pretty well.


How did focusing on your breathing cause you physical pain?
It always cracks me up when I see "defiantly" written instead of definitely. I imagine the person making a stern face and shaking their index finger.
Oh absolutely. So much of the awful shit that you hear about is region-specific to a degree though, and has as much to do with local custom and socioeconomic factors as it does the religion itself, for example honor killings (common in Pakistani Muslim culture), chopping off hands or stoning for practice of sorcery (Saudi Arabia), etc.
I'm not sure what the law in CA is specifically, but consider getting into DIY. I've been making my own liquid for a couple years. It's easy and makes juice like 5x cheaper. I literally could not afford to vape otherwise, with the amount I go through every week.
That's simply not true. Islam isn't a monolithic bloc composed entirely of terror cells; there's actually a wide variety of attitudes and beliefs within it.

I live in a medium-large US city with a thriving Muslim population, and I have yet to hear of a single incident involving honor killing, female genital mutilation, or anything even remotely like that. I've never seen a woman here wearing a burka or hijab either, for that matter.
Apostrophe's. 

Edit: Also, "yea" when "yeah" is meant.
To him/her, with a brand new account, it's not "our country". Not when talking about the US, at least.
The best, I tell ya. You wouldn't believe.
Tough call, because I haven't been to all of them. I'm in North Baltimore, and enjoy Chokchai (small family operation on Harford Rd), and Spice and Dice in Towson. Stang of Siam in Mt Vernon is good too. I've heard good things about places on the south side of the city too; maybe someone else can chime in with those recommendations.
Agreed. We also have some good Thai, ramen, and pho.
Whatever floats your boat...

Weirdo :)
It's just that you need something else to do early in the day before drinking tea. Like "hmmm if I just stretch out my Tai Chi/Qigong regimen to 40 minutes..." Or whatever it is that you do.
Good you didn't see any leaks. I had to get my stand gasket done soon after buying the car. Was like $450 at an indy shop. Shit had been leaking pretty bad though, so...
Agreed. It'll be like telecom companies. 

Also, sweet username.
Like iSpudd said, and I'd add the expansion tank to the cooling system stuff. Also check for oil leaks. Things like the oil stand gasket and the valve cover gasket often leak over time and need to be changed out. 
I have the OG and the TI Woody. The heat up times are a little different between the two, but the TI Woody is way more durable and feels better in the hand (mine's a shorty, with a wood mouthpiece). I'd definitely recommend getting one. My OG broke after a couple months of use, but the Woody is still going strong and I use it almost daily.
I drink about a gallon a day. Most of it is oolongs, which get steeped several times, then I'll typically move on to a green tea in the afternoon/evening, which gets steeped a few times as well. 

So in terms of weight of actual tea, I'll only drink maybe 12-15 grams/day, but as for the volume of liquid consumed, it's about a gallon.
Is the dealership the only option in your area? I use an independent BMW/Porche/Mercedes shop for most things, and they've read my codes for free. Then again, I live in a medium-large city, so my experience may be somewhat unique in that regard.
You should let the people at Rocket to Venus know you have it. Ask for a manager, even. If I'd lost a camera on the street out front, I'd probably ask someone there if it had been found.
It might be worth learning about Qigong, if that's something you'd want to pursue. It can teach you how to move and safely store internal energy, or qi.

For a more Western approach to stuff like this, Wim Hof is interesting. 
Well he's already gone and pissed off the CIA, so maybe some of those covert operations types, I don't know...
You rang?
Ah ok, that makes sense. As someone with the brushed aluminum ones I prefer the wood grain, but I wonder if that wood be reversed if my car did have the wood grain:)
Yes. Sometimes it won't even swipe the second word after I've manually entered the first.
If you do end up doing this, I'll take the faux wood grain off your hands.
Cats do that to weaken their prey so that they themselves don't get bitten or clawed. It's a strategy that developed through evolution because wild cats can't afford to get infections.
I don't know what carriers they're on, sorry. 

Btw, one of my Samsung friends just texted me and it went straight Textra, which I just switched to the other day. I'd recommend Textra over messenger for that reason, plus being able to send not-terribly-compressed photos via MMS. It has a better quick reply function too, imo.
For some reason, texts from Samsungs always go to the stock app on LG phones when you're using G messenger. No idea why. I can tell if someone has a Samsung just by where the message ends up.
Wait, what do you mean by that? Your wording isn't clear.
I like Rishi's Jade Cloud. It's a decent green tea suitable for daily drinking if you don't have anything else. Their sencha is ok too. Their silver needle is pretty underwhelming though.
I'd think you'll first need to find where exactly the leak is, of course. Do you have an independent mechanic that can pressure test your system?
Could be worse. He/she could have voted for Trump ironically.
Totally. And really the "vapedouche" culture/stereotype really does a disservice to the ability of vaping to vastly improve people's health by not smoking.

As someone who vapes for health reasons and doesn't make a big thing about it, it's maddening and unfortunate. It's as if jogging became associated with juggalos, or if drinking fresh juice became associated with the alt-right.
Nice. I still have yet to do that with mine (also a black 325i but an '03), but a lot of that has to do with not having a hose or spigot I can use at my place.
I need to do that! Looks great. Did you apply it yourself or have it done somewhere?
RoFo tends to have unsweetened from the spigot jug things. That's my jam in the summer.

I can't think of any time I've seen bottles of unsweetened at 7-11s, but maybe that's just because I gave up years ago.
Gotta use good wax though, not the cheap auto zone stuff.
You had me at the first couple sentences, but then you took a detour into completely misinformed. Trump's appointees, most of them at least, don't give a shit about America, and neither does he. Just watch; you'll see.
Yes! Toward the end of their being there, the chain Kenny Rogers's Roasters was coming up and had ads on TV. I asked the manager what his take on them was, as I worked down the street from RR and was friendly with them, which prompted the reply "Kenny ain't got nothing on us". Cracks me up to this day. He was right too.
We actually used to have a Roy Rogers on Falls Rd by Coldspring Lane. That may have been the last one in Baltimore, for all I know. This was back in the '90s though, and my memory of it is a bit foggy.
I'm interested in this too. Seriously can't fathom why Google has been so bad at addressing this issue in a real way.
I've wanted to, and my reservations are:

1) The camera apparently sucks on auto mode. I've done a lot with the G4's manual mode, and it's pretty great, but the auto mode is pretty good on this phone and I'd hate my experience on my next phone to be a step down. Sometimes you just want to take a quick pic of something that's happening right then, ya know?

2) Also, the camera glass breaking seems to be a common fault. Not the end of the world, but they apparently don't have replacement kits yet, so that would kind of suck to have to return the phone for something so easily fixable.

3) Seems like bootloops are rare on the V20, but they have happened. The first two things are more worrisome to me, actually. All things considered, I'd rather save up for a Pixel XL.
Once I got to the vibration stage at this lake cottage that was built atop Indian burial grounds and saw all these arrowheads in a mandala shape. I've seen other symbols and shapes during other experiences too, almost always in the vibration stage.
My theory is that this happens because time isn't linear in the way that we think it is. Sometimes we get flashes of insight that reveal more of reality than we're usually able to grasp.

I believe this also explains why some animals are able to apparently sense things like earthquakes, tsunamis, and forest fires hours before they happen.
Nice, thanks for this.

Edit: just did 15-20 min of the Theta setting to try it out. Very cool! Didn't really approach a vibrational state, but definitely got in a deep meditative state faster than just focusing on my breathing would have allowed me to. Looking forward to using this more!
Nice, I just downloaded it. What frequencies would you recommend?
Cuckolding?
Huh. You're right, it almost looks like some kind of dragonwell. Only thing is,  I don't think tea plants (as in camelia sinensis) can grow in Iceland.
I searched it too, and it seemed to point to Bearberry. I suppose it could indeed be good luck if you have a urinary tract infection or are prone to getting them.
*Russians. No apostrophe necessary.
Though Linkin Park isn't a graveyard either.
That's how you get Kennedy'd. Good luck Donny; you're gonna need it.
The only way I can see vaping "leading to cigarettes", is if ecigs are made more costly or less available, making tobacco smoking the more viable option.

It's like the argument that cannabis is a gateway drug. Sure it is, as long as it's illegal, and especially if it's hard to get hold of.
Hi Jeff, thanks so much for taking questions. Mine is- as far as sourcing is concerned, how can I dig deeper without actually going to China, at least at first? I'm starting a tea company that aims to mainly do business locally, with some online sales.

I've started working with one farmer family who grows some excellent teas that are all fairly similar and fairly rare, but I'm looking to also expand my reach and get into some different types and styles... Really I'm just looking for interesting, quality teas that don't make it to the States too much. 
Yeah I'm a cis white male who's been to Red Emma's. They were...nice to me, actually.
Or This is not America
In the Dead Zone, there needed to be two handprints on the scanner connected to the trigger on the football. Stillson (Trump, basically) threatened the chief of staff or whomever it was, saying either he had to put his hand on the scanner or Stillson would chop it off and put it on there himself.
Shame people are still dumping bodies there. Otherwise, it's a pretty beautiful park.
Mine too. And Dancong.
That's an attractive design for sure. What kind of tea do you brew in it?
Maybe a little less semi-hallucinatory mindfuckery and a bit more of a tension/pain relieving, sleepy effect.

It can be a really useful anti-anxiety thing if you get the dosage just right.
It's got to be extremely difficult to be unbiased when one side is so comically inept and bad.
Hey thanks for that; also not too far from me.
Haha good to know. I've been avoiding the dentist for so long I honestly can't remember.
Nice, that's not too far from me. Thanks!
Umm, pretty sure that's a conspiracy theory based on what one guy said on twitter.
From what I understand, it's true, because they want the freedom to introduce their products too without paying these ridiculous fees.

Big Pharma has more to lose from the vaping industry's rise, just as they do from medical/recreational cannabis.
Yep. When I do Taiji with a bunch of people in a park (my Taiji school does this maybe 6 times/year), it is indeed Yang Style, and we warm up with some Qigong. This is in the States, on the East coast. Other places may vary, of course...
Tea enthusiast here. It sure would suck to be Mormon.
Yes. I'll just be scrolling through my feed and it'll stop somewhere, hanging for several seconds. So annoying.

I'm unrooted, stock rom.
I think Glitch is a little better. Just better acting, imo.
She wanted to be able to sue gun manufacturers, which Bernie was against because it would have "killed the gun industry in America".
What Acesofbelkan said, but just to relate a personal anecdote- I had a '95 325i that I drove until quite recently. About 4 years ago, it overheated because a belt tensioner failed, and when it did, the broken belt took out my water pump. It didn't even go into the red before I pulled over and shut the car off, but I believe that incident began a chain of events that resulted in near-constant coolant leaks, with the shop chasing them around the car, replacing parts as they failed... That alone probably cost 3-4k over the rest of the car's life, eventually resulting in its demise.

TL;DR: Don't even let your shit overheat once.
I DJ'd at it once, playing eclectic rock/experimental/soul. It was a really good time and people enjoyed the music, but there weren't a whole lot of people there, and no one was really dancing. 

Still, I enjoyed it and would recommend going, if you like to listen to good music while having a couple beers.
Haha, well this guy agrees with you at least.
I know the Beats brand gets a lot of flak, and rightly so from what I understand, but the Beats earbuds I got with my HTC Rezound like 5 years ago are still going strong, and they sound great imo.
Nah, we were already hanging out and having drinks and stuff. He was off duty and in his street clothes. Dude actually got kicked out of the pub later because one of the women who worked there was uncomfortable with the fact that he was a cop, and he was acting a little creepy when he got fucked up. But I didn't know he was a cop at the time we shared a spliff.
That's most major east-west streets in Baltimore, I think. Our lights are synchronized so poorly it's ridiculous.

Northern Parkway east of York is like that, to the extent to where it takes like 20 minutes to go 4-5 miles in the middle of the afternoon (non-rush hour).


It depends where you are. They are total dicks about it in Bavaria, but I actually smoked with a cop in Hamburg once.
North Ave seems to be the worst when it comes to people running red lights. No idea why.
I agree with you, only the alt-right are not neocons. They are worse.
It's actually just another way of saying/spelling Oolong.
Haha well it least it wasn't in the morning before you had to be somewhere.
Yeah I'm from Baltimore, which is something like 69% black, with a good amount of gang/drug-trade-related violence in its poorer neighborhoods. 

In my interactions with black people, I never feel like I'm being discriminated against or singled out for being white. They tend to regard me much as I regard them, which is to say, as being a fellow human being.
Dude...that is dense AS SHIT for a Thursday
It was barely longer than the headline. I want my click back.
At present, yeah, for the most part. But  there have been times in the past when being conservative meant wanting to conserve natural resources. Like Teddy Roosevelt, and to an extent, Nixon.
Ok well if you don't want to do all that, just do the expansion tank and the WP pulley tensioner, which are I think most likely to fail. 

I'm going to replace my entire cooling system (save for the tensioner and upper hose because they're new), because my radiator already has a hairline leak, expansion tank looks very old, and I've got a friend who can help me do the job. My mechanics quoted me $1200 and I'm not trying to pay that.
That's not so bad; just keep an eye on it. My oil stand gasket leak was leaving tablespoons of it where I park after every drive, so I had to get that done right away.
Radiator and upper and lower hoses too. Also might be a good call to replace the water pump pulley tensioner, because they often fail. 
Also check for leaks. I got mine a couple months ago with 110k miles, needed to do the oil stand gasket and valve cover gasket right off the bat.

And as soon as you can, get a new key made if your key remote doesn't work. The driver's side door isn't meant to be locked and unlocked manually on a regular basis. If your key doesn't work remotely, sooner or later the linkage WILL break and you'll have to call a locksmith to get in, or break a window.
I like the Bike Party, and this is coming from someone who doesn't currently own or ride a bike.
I think if you have $600 in your budget, getting a decent Midi controller plus some good synthesizer software is the way to go. 

I have the Arturia V collection, which is a set of very realistic emulations of hardware synths and keyboards, and a novation 49 key MIDI controller. Works great for me and was under $600 total. Some of the synths in Logic are amazing and very useful as well, and will map to your controller just as easily. 

Maybe get a controller first and explore the Logic synths, then figure out if there's any additional softsynths you want to buy...personally I'm most familiar with the Arturia ones. But definitely, dive in and go nuts.

Edit: In answer to one thing you asked-
Yes, you can map the knobs on your controller to whatever synth parameters...you can do this after recording a performance too, like if the playing was good but you want to tweak the sound, etc
Also he's supposed to be pro-business, so it would be real stupid to kill one of the only growth industries this country has got right now.
I mostly agree with you. I feel that Clinton's problem, and the problem of the Democratic party as a whole these days, is a certain smugness that alienates people who feel that they've been left out somehow. You can't just write off the feeling of disenfranchisement that a lot of America has been feeling by calling the lot of them "deplorables".

Same thing with her having written off the millennial vote during the primaries. Total tone-deafness.

For the record, I only tepidly supported Clinton, but I would have been fervent in my support of Sanders or Biden, had that been the situation instead.
I don't have Arturia's controller, but I do have a ton of their softsynths.

When you have one of their synths open, either in Logic or in standalone mode, there should be a button on the upper right that is shaped like a digital cable input. Click that, and all the knobs on your onscreen synth image will glow. You can then assign them one by one to the knobs or sliders on your controller.
Nice. Well it's a great-looking car, and you made a real nice video. Congrats!
I notice it's pre facelift (just learned how to tell). What year?
I got this aftermarket deck: http://www.crutchfield.com/p_105KDR970B/JVC-KD-R970BTS.html

Yes, it by no means looks stock, but the display zones are fully adjustable. I have them all set to amber, except for the scrolling display part, which I've set to white during the daytime for better visibility. 

The sound is pretty great though. It's got a fully adjustable 13 band EQ and has virtualization effects, etc.
That is awesome. A good friend of mine lives in Osaka. I'll see if he can send me one. Thanks for sharing!
Wasn't that actually a tax on impervious surfaces though?
That would mean that if a real-world plane flies overhead, the hosts are probably programmed not to notice.
Alright. Well FWIW I feel like BavarianBuilt's diagnosis makes more sense than it just being a vac leak. Mine didn't go away when the engine warmed, come to think of it (just dealt with it last week).
Yep. OP, you getting fault codes showing it's running lean?
It doesn't have a separate rubber mouthpiece, but the shorty has a wooden one that I actually prefer.

It's not hard to take it apart and soak the inside titanium piece in ethanol, hot milk, etc., if that's what you mean. I haven't done so yet, however. 
They are pretty great, though a bit on the breakable side to be a daily driver.

My Ti woody shorty sees nearly daily (well, nightly) use though. The thing hits like a beast and can handle repeatedly getting knocked off the table by your average-sized housecat.
Yep, and anyway multiple S7s have exploded, and those haven't been recalled.
Ha yeah, tell me about it! I'd hate it if it wasn't such a beautiful experience driving this thing... It really does fill me with joy at times.
Ok thanks, might be my imagination. I don't have a "proper" obd on mine (with the button on the turn signal stalk), so I've been keeping track of fuel consumption by resetting the trip OD when filling the tank and keeping an eye on how many miles it takes to get the needle to move certain places, like for example, a 1/4 tank.

At any rate, I had two leaky hoses replaced that had been generating lean codes on Tues, and now I've got the service engine soon light on again as of yesterday afternoon. I'm about to get that checked out.
Mine is doing the same thing ('03 325i) and I have had confirmation from my mechanic that it is indeed the VCG. I'm looking to do the job with a buddy soon who is good at working on stuff, since I was quoted $350 to have the independent shop I go to do it.

Side note/question for anyone else here who has had this problem- can this also increase fuel consumption?
While '70s Floyd was certainly hugely influential and brilliant in its own right, I myself prefer the earlier stuff. Barrett was such a visionary and a creative songwriter. In fact, all of them were really pushing the boundaries of what you could do as a rock band at the time.

Even Jimi Hendrix said of them, "they are the mad scientists of their day".
I actually thought it was a Trump quote. Had to double check the source on that.
No
Are you near the edge of a network, or have an intermittent wifi signal?

I'm in the states, and when I brought my G4 to Europe and was traveling around between countries, my battery was dying literally as fast as I could charge it. I had to keep it in airplane mode when I wasn't actively using it to prevent this.
This is really informative and well-expressed; thanks!
That's how I perceive them, on those occasions when I do. Usually I notice it coming from other people, especially when they are speaking or communicating nonverbally.

I've also noticed it coming off of myself when doing Tai Chi. I have to be pretty deep in the zone for it to happen, and I'm only actually aware of it until I'm aware of being aware of it, if that makes sense.
I've never seen tea mold over either, but based on my experience with mold on other types of vegetation, it would look like white spackle- hard little dots of white at first, then when there's more of it, a closer look would reveal a structural similarity with mycelium.
My T Mobile service has yet to fail me in the Baltimore metro area and works all the way down to the outer banks and up to NYC. It also has better penetration in buildings than Verizon did for me. 

Also, I have unlimited data for less than I did on Verizon (I was grandfathered in for the last two years of my contract). T Mobile has been a win for me all around.
Wow, thanks for that explanation. So, typical political BS then. 
Pretty ridiculous, though not entirely unexpected. Does anyone know what the deal is with lawsuits against the commission, as referenced in the article?
Yeah. Shooting heroin isn't "partying". There's literally nothing festive or social about it.
Every time I drink that stuff I'm up until 4 or 5 am. Ridiculous. I love the euphoria, but due to the uppiness I had to stop ordering it. These days I stick with Boroguru and the like.
Pretty fascinating article, IMO. 

Now I'm gonna have to read me some Yeats.
Hilary should have totally used that line in last night's debate.
Everything you just said, and I want to add, as a former-smoker-turned-vaper, that the self-hatred is the worst. When I smoked I had such low self esteem, and it really, really sucked. 
Nice one, thanks. Just trying to plan how I'm going to stretch out my current supply, since most all of the tea I drink is ordered from outside the US.
Hey thanks for the heads up on this! I've contacted her and will be ordering soon. How long did yours take to get delivered, and what country are you in?
I've had a bunch of teas from What-Cha. I think I've been ordering from them for a year now, at least.

As for Silver Needle, first just let me say that the Nepal Silver Oolong isn't much like a silver needle. I mean, it is only very lightly fermented and in some senses the shape and condition of the leaves reminds me of some whites, but the leaves are smaller and finer, plus it tastes different.

That said, I've currently got a Yunnan silver needle from them. It's quite good and holds up to four steeps easily, though it's not what I'd personally drink every day. There was also a silver needle I'd gotten from them that was sourced from India. I liked this one as well, and would love to have them side by side to make a more direct comparison, but haven't had the opportunity. What I can say though is that the Indian one was pretty unique and unlike Chinese ones I'd had, whereas the Yunnan one is more or less what you might expect from a silver needle. It's a little like Rishi's version, but more fragrant and tasty.
They did an entire miniseries on the Steven Avery case and still left out some fairly important things.
Nepal Silver Oolong, by What-Cha.

I haven't been getting all that much sleep lately, and this one has always been a real eye-opener for me, sometimes gets me feeling a bit tingly, even.

I'm only halfway through my first pot, so we'll see... At least the taste is pretty amazing.
He's pretty great. Does some cool daytime stuff as well, though that's not featured so much here. I used to follow him on Flickr when I browsed it more often- lately I found him on Instagram too, which is nice.
That explains why I saw him in Cockeysville today then (on York Rd).
Sunburn and heartburn could be part of the same thing.
I'm not sure it's even doable.
What am I looking at here, is the only station by Hopkins?
That's really cool. I had this one regression years and years ago and felt like I wasn't really "there" and was just was responding to the suggestions of the hypnotist and I didn't want to let him down. Maybe I should do another one.

How vivid would you say your experience was... Were you able to really put yourself there?
Yesterday I drove from the Coldspring exit heading to upper fells at around 1pm. There were not one, but two accidents shutting things down on 83 on my way there, in the relatively light rain. 

Seems unbelievable, the apparent lack of common sense Baltimore drivers have... But accidents on 83 are a near daily occurrence, seems like.
I have this tiny Blackstone one that I picked up recently for $60. I'm actually kind of amazed how good it sounds, runs on aa batteries or an AC adapter.
This is a great answer, thanks! Really interesting stuff.
Oops I goofed, sorry. I meant the 'whole foot coming down empty' step is more difficult. Didn't mean to confuse.
>Vape lives matter 

So it has come to this. The day is finally upon us


I don't think they do either, at least not enough of it. 

If they had anything near the level of training that the military get for terms of engagement, I think we'd hardly ever hear of these kinds of incidents.
Not free, but it can save you some money. Take certain herbs, for example. It's way too easy to buy $3 worth of fresh basil, cook one or two meals with it, and then leave 3/4 of it to rot in the fridge. Growing it yourself definitely helps keep that kind of waste to a minimum and save a bit of cash.

Now if I could just learn how to grow cilantro without killing it after a couple days...
Nice. I've been DIYing for a couple years myself, and have found myself using less and less flavor as time goes on. These days I do 90ml at a time, using about 0.75ml for flavoring (0.5 ml organic strawberry, 0.25 ml banana). 

While this might sound like an oddly anemic ratio of flavor to base, I find it pretty satisfying and tasty actually.
There isn't really a problem with it that I can see. While the heel-toe step is more difficult to execute, I've found it very good for developing balance and stability.
It depends on the step in question. In my class's version of the Yang 24, most steps are heel first, with the toe coming down as weight is transfered.

There are places in the form where the whole foot comes down empty too though- during the entire cloud hands sequence, for example, which are sideways steps. Also, the step after brush knee going into playing the lute, which is a forward step. 

In the repulse monkey sequence (or repose monkey as some call it), the toes actually come down first, as the steps are backwards ones.
Mostly big Pharma though.
I've learned some medical Qigong in my Tai Chi classes. There's an exercise that we've learned where you move both arms out front, then pull them slowly back towards the shoulders, looking at first the left hand (closing it into a soft fist), then the right. I'm sure you're familiar with the exercise.

Anyway, my teacher tells me that in his classes for seniors, a surprising amount have trouble keeping their eyes on the hand they're supposed to be looking at, and some have issues keeping their arms at the same level too.

What I'm wondering is- is this exercise and ones like it something you've found helpful in terms of restoring hand-eye coordination in seniors and people recovering from serious injury? 
Even funnier, I think he just said "cyber", without the security part, similar to what he did with "nuclear" later on.
Ah gotcha, thx
Plz explain...
I thought they discontinued that?

If not I'd start going again... Had some good times at those.
I disagree. While Hilary's corruption is reprehensible and shouldn't be overlooked, having Pence as president would have millions on the losing end. Millions would lose healthcare, especially women, environmental protections would tank, the drug war would rage on even more stupidly than it does, and just generally, corporatism of the worst kind would run amok.
Yes I'm interested in their BMs too. OP, plz update
"I'm Bear Grylls and I vaped my own piss AMA".
Poor Noones. My thoughts go out to his family.
I dunno! That's just how it works out for me. With the hole covered, I get basically zero airflow. It's only by leaving it open that I get much of anything at all.
Huh. I use my TI woody with the hole open nearly always. Sometimes I kinda flute the carb for the first second or two of a 5+ second draw, but that's it.
Ah that's what it was, thanks for jogging my memory there. Yeah, that had me pretty pissed off.
I loved that phone, for a while. Still have the earbuds and use them with my G4. The major drawback I remember, besides battery life, was the complete lack of updates from Verizon. If I remember correctly, they released it with ICS and never moved past that. 
I'm thinking that too. It's the only phone that really excites me now, feature-wise. And coming from the G4, this seems like a nice step up with zero learning curve.
Very cool. I love the work that Blue Water Baltimore is doing; they're an organization that's definitely doing some things right.
What avataRJ said, except that I'll add to it that my teacher's teacher, who is a small Asian man well into his 70s, can throw people twice his size with ease, yet by his own admission, he "can't lift a sack of potatoes". 

This isn't unusual at all for an older man to not be all that strong- after all, we do tend to lose muscle mass continually since our 30s if we don't lift weights or what have you. The reason that he can throw all these bigger guys around though is because of years of training- understanding not only body mechanics and proper application of chi (whatever you believe that to be), and also being able to read the *intent* of one's opponent. 

Like the old saying goes, you should be able to deflect 1000 pounds of force with just four ounces of your own. That's a goal, at least.
What I'm referring to is that by calling a tisane "tea", it gives people the impression that any old herb steeped in hot water is tea. I've had servers at restaurants have no idea that there's even such a thing as a "tea plant".

Like I said, there's nothing wrong with liking tisanes, but I don't think they should be called tea without "herbal" put in front of the word.
I was kind of onboard with this until the end, when the author recommended stocking no more than three types of tea, and then talked about a tisane he likes.

Tisanes are fine, of course, but in my opinion they do very little to promote our past time, and further muddy the waters as to what drinking tea is really about.
Red Lion: The legacy of British Imperialism.

Maybe your dream was a reflection of your subconscious attitudes toward the Brexit situation. That's the best I got.
Definitely keep sharing your insights! Yesterday, I had a pretty great Tai Chi session. I started off with some standing meditation, then onto some qigong, and finally a couple rounds of the form. Throughout I felt really focused and connected, making me think afterward "man, I'm so glad I had some good practice today".

Later that night, my girlfriend remarked positively how present I seemed when we were talking about her work day and asked me why. I think it might have surprised her when I attributed it to my really good Tai chi practice earlier in the day, but it was the truth as far as I could see it. I find that my days generally go much better if I can get some solid practice in.
I know a woman whom I've seen call both her toddler son and her dog "taint monkeys" on social media. It makes me cringe thinking about tiny monkeys hanging from someone's perineum, and having that somehow being presented as a good or cute thing.
Me too. Well I actually did have a bootloop issue which T Mobile took care of, but no real complaints otherwise.
Apt analogy, especially considering that the two are related plants.
Sure thing. Come on by for tea sometime. I'm mainly doing iced right now, but come October I'll be full-on back into the realm of hot oolongs and greens.
As a frequent tea-brewer, you would have steam and rising bubbles at that temperature. It would look a lot like it was boiling, even if it technically wasn't. 
I'd think so, just might need more time than your initial steep.
The taking a shit thing is the worst. I often get that heavy abdominal feeling like 5 minutes before I have to get out the door. It's my body's way of saying "well, there's this one thing you have to do first..."
Well shit. I mean I'll sign a petition, not sure that'll do anything though
Definitely. You think it will get banned for sure? That would be a shame. 
It's up to you, really. For me, I've already got a few other things I do every day, so I don't want to add to that and only take Kratom once in a while. I do agree it's a valuable substance though. It's pretty amazing for some things.
Careful though, it can be pretty addictive if you're using it literally all the time
Ok, at the risk of being massively downvoted, what's the deal with this emoji? I'm on an Android phone, and it just looks like a moon-faced boy.
Can't fully tell due to the resolution of the video, but is that steam I'm seeing, rising off of the leaves? Kinda neat if so.
Don't bother to s
Right, and we didn't yet have the widespread use of fossil fuels that we've enjoyed for the past century or so. Fossil fuel use in agriculture, transport, and industrial/domestic applications has had a huge role in growing the global population.
It's not just the amount of people, but the standard of living that those amounts of people aspire to. The more of our 7+ billion global population that wants to own cars and have modern appliances and smartphones, etc., the more environmental degradation will happen as a result. There's simply no easy way around it.
Christian Beards is perhaps the best song title I've seen all year.
Inspiring stuff
Inspiring stuff for sure.
I'm hoping the V20 doesn't, because that looks like a killer phone. 
Standing by with my vaperino
Yeah I think it was him too. The head shape was wrong for it to have been Freddy. I think Freddy was the one coaching him.
True Vine records in Hampden, maybe. Just make sure the owner Jason is there.
Ok I just looked up some stuff relating to Taoist energy arts. The point correlating with the crown chakra of yogic systems is called the Niwan or Baihui. 

It's not enough to just call it by name without putting it into context though. The goal of this stuff in regards to Qigong, acupuncture, or Tai Chi, is to promote the circulation of Qi along the energy centers in the body so that the energies are in harmony with each other in a way that benefits the practitioner's physical and psychic health. Thus, it's not enough (and can be harmful) to simply move the energy up from the root to the crown (kundalini); you're going to want to circulate the Qi, or energy, so that yin and yang energies are balanced and promote good health and ultimately, supreme awareness. This is called the Microcosmic Orbit. I recommend Mantak Chia for further reading if you're interested in this.
I'm in the US and only order from What-Cha because I trust the proprietor's taste so much. The free international shipping sweetens the deal, of course.
That's really cool. Sometimes I wonder how much of our ideas about chakras and the like are culturally determined; for example, in Taoist systems they have a crown chakra too, but it's called something different (Ming meng point? Would have to look it up) and to the best of my knowledge isn't depicted as having a purple or violet color.

At any rate, your experience is an illuminating one, and at the very least speaks to the power of archetypes as being able to transcend cultural barriers.
Yes! That place is amazing. I tried matcha there for the first time.
I don't know about you, but I file away such ideas as taking on hardcore street gang types in hand-to-hand combat as "Nope, likely to get myself killed". 
Fair enough.
Yes, there was a scene in Ep 7 where Nas sees the guy raping Petey. That's why he puts a shiv to Nas's neck later in the episode, threatening him to not tell Freddy.
Is it good for sunburn and minor kitchen burns like other aloes?
I've had it happen once, a few months back.

Was using a light bumper case+ tempered glass screen protector

I don't game; was browsing reddit at the time.

Stock firmware.
It's fucked up. Big Pharma, etc., plus their friends in the media and in politics, won the messaging war early, and now we've got a lot of lost ground to cover.
Yeah. I've read that there's actually a calming effect that schizophrenics get from nicotine, where it helps focus their thoughts. Don't have a citation handy, but it's kind of interesting.
Mine is similar. Just checked, and two of my contacts, out of more than 1000, are on it.
Oh yeah, get Mike Pence in there!

/s
What you describe is a result of a) money in politics, and b) media consolidation, which has resulted in just 6 companies owning all mainstream media in this country. It isn't a result of liberal or conservative ideologies per se, moreso that corporations have become so big, so powerful, that they basically own government at this point.
Or droids
Great advice, thanks again!
Hey thanks so much. Our winters aren't too terrible... I'm in the Midatlantic US, where it rarely gets below 20°f, and even that's rare. I actually have a further question about wire, if you don't mind my asking- what gauge copper wire for a branch of medium thickness? My tree is a dawn redwood.
Thank you! I was wondering about this. So the wire should be taken off when the leaves fall then?
There were two brothers in my home city who opened a pizza place like 40 years ago. 

Their names? Tony and Angelo Pizza.
It says "Remington man", describing the victim. So I gather the victim lives in Remington. Also, he was walking East on 28th, something one would do if they lived in Remington and were walking into Charles Village.
Haha yep. Just look at how bright his eyes are. He looks 100% there...So full of vitality.
Pretty amazing how good he looks for being 90.
Freddy kinda nodded out a bit after he smoked that hit toward the beginning of the episode, which made me think it was definitely heroin.
Nice, I'm down
Ok. We usually call these lentils in the states. Anyway, cool photo.
Pulses?
Point noted, but in HS a guy I knew brought a vial of liquid to school to sell; it burst in his pocket and absorbed into his bloodstream through the skin on his leg. I still remember him saying "I'm kinda freaking out dude- gonna cut school and walk home" about an hour after it happened.

I saw him a couple days later and we had a laugh about it. I know this is anecdotal, but there's my little data point.
I've been around when it's happened to someone, and anyway, what about transdermal opioid/nicotine/cannabinoid patches? Pretty sure they do actually work.
Actually they're just called "police officers" (without the apostrophe), but yeah.
For me, the vibration stage has often, but not always, been accompanied by feelings like this. Sometimes it's like missing a lost loved one, or intense homesickness, but as you said, not negative. 

I feel like it might have to do with some kind of "emotional layer" of the astral/etheric body being acted upon... definitely interested in what others have observed about it.
You can say *that* again 
Siiick
Though there is *some* stretching involved in Tai Chi, it's not even central to the practice in many styles. If you're looking to stretch to relax, take yoga. Tai Chi is more about relaxing in order to stretch, if that makes sense.
I would have thought he took it much earlier, maybe to help himself focus on school work. That way, it helps explain his crashing out later. 

I used to take Ritalin in HS myself. When it wore off, I was way more tired than I would have been had I not taken it at all.
I second Happy Valley. Great writing and acting.
The Nasty Bits, from Vinyl.

The show was kinda ehh, but that band was great. I wanted them to be real.
The 30w are decent though. I have two in rotation now that work really well, and retired one due to too many battery cycles after a year or so.
Ok I think what might be going on, since you mentioned you have poor posture (I also have/have had poor posture), is that you're developing back muscles that haven't been used much, and as a result they are feeling sore.

I noticed upper back pain in myself for about the first year of practicing standing meditation, and even in some parts of the form, like Cloud Hands. I just had to work through it, and it's gotten a lot better. As a matter of fact, most of my issues with back pain in general have been greatly alleviated from Tai Chi practice, so that's something you can probably look forward to.
I can relate to your story. Something similar happened with me the other week. I showed up at my TC school's practice session (regular classes are off for the summer) feeling out of sorts, under-practiced, and a few minutes late.

Well, we did a little Qigong and then ran through the form a few times, and somehow I felt pretty solid throughout it all, despite my getting off sync with regards to where the instructor was in the form on a couple occasions.

As I was leaving, a M&F couple who were with the beginners said "thank you". I was like "Sure. For what?", and the guy said "We were watching YOU the whole time. You were by far the most fluid of the bunch". I was fairly elated at that. I've been practicing for about 2 and 1/2 years, but there are many who have been at it for far longer than me.

Some days are better than others, to be sure.
If I were him and woke up to that, I'd just call the police and tell them that this girl apparently just got killed. Especially if I in fact didn't kill her, there'd be a lack of physical evidence connecting me to the murder (bloody footprints and clothes, etc). 

It still could go badly, but there's a much better chance it wouldn't play out like it did for Nas. 
I think he wants Naz to help him plot shit. Like smuggling, etc. Maybe Freddy's number skills aren't so hot so he needs an accountant.
Afflicted guy checking in- yay!
Awww, those cars are cuddling with each other!
Definitely. There was a case in Baltimore a few years back where a guy fresh out of prison tried to break into an apartment rented by a Hopkins student. The student grabbed a fucking samauri sword and hacked the would-be robber's arm off, and he bled to death before the cops came. No charges for the Hopkins student.
Yeah he'll go back to releasing stuff on a smaller label.
I'm gonna go with "harmless fun".
Can we start calling her Debbie "Wasserman" Schultz?

I know that it's immature and stupid, but it fucking cracks me up.
Wild shit man.
Dunno. Pulled it out of the doob tube thing and the screen part had fallen off. I think I had overheated it a time or two prior, so I'm sure it was my fault.
Wow. I tend to believe ghosts are sort of "psychic smudges" left behind, that may or may not retain a portion of that person's consciousness.
It is their best location, imo. I stopped going to the Lutherville one because they frequently under-toasted my pizza bagels, leaving them cold in the middle. Never had that issue at the Canton one.
In terms of actual use? Not much difference. The OG is much more fragile though. I broke the outer glass on mine, strangely enough not from dropping it or while using it, which is why I ended up ordering the ti woody.
Well sort of. It does look like you're up to something when you're heating the tip with a torch though.

I mainly use mine at home or while hiking. If you want something to use at a concert or whatever, you'd be better off with a grasshopper.
You'll love it. The thing is so powerful, tiny, and feels great in the hand.
Very cool... But wrong sub for this.
Blue Water Baltimore is pretty awesome. I have a friend that's involved who I follow on Instagram, and I'm constantly seeing pictures of streams and rivers they've cleaned up.

Edit: "Maryland" to "Baltimore"
Seems like it means his customers in PA. He won't sell to them, but he can ship to individuals and retailers outside PA. 

Probably not in Indiana either, for that matter.
Not bad. I could see that happening actually.
I was curious about that too. I've heard of people using Vaseline, drugstore Vit A&D cream, but Crisco? Something seems a bit off about that.
I've probably had two cups of coffee ever; it just doesn't appeal to me. I don't even like ice cream or chocolate that's mocha flavored. I suppose I could have developed a taste for it- I mean, I used to smoke cigs, which takes a bit of getting used to...but coffee just never appealed to me enough to try and develop a taste for it.
Speaking of, what happened to the thread about that? It was at the top of r/politics last night; now it's gone? Hmmm.
Me too. Someone posted a pic on IG, and I was like "what's all this then?"
Eh, that wouldn't really matter too much. Most of the food we eat, for example, is petroleum based, in that we need diesel for the tractors and other farm equipment. And all the plastics we use in our electronics, vehicles, and household goods? Petroleum derived. The world basically runs on oil.
Serious question: if Viper can improve audio quality on just about any device (I used to use it on my rooted S4 and loved it), why doesn't Google make it so that you have to root your phone to use it? I mean, I understand that it requires root level permissions, but why not just allow something like this in the OS?
If you want to attack Trump, you can do far better than that.
Or even just the same title, without incorrectly putting an apostrophe in "cats".
You can hot brew iced tea and not make it in the sun. I do it daily in the summer. First off, my jug is made from a pyrex-type glass and is not susceptible to breakage from temperature change.

What I do is to first put a bunch of ice cubes in the jug. Then I brew a strong batch of it at normal brewing temperature (in my case it's usually green tea, so between 170-180°f), and stir the ice cubes into it. Then I rebrew the same leaves and add more ice, and mint if I've got some.  

I do like cold brewing, but it takes more tea and more time. This method saves both.

I could even see a scenario whereby Bodie doesn't know for sure if his friend did it (assuming he actually did), but suspected that he might have, and so that gave him even more reason to lie and say he was alone.
I think the joint thing is pretty cool, actually.
In general I find that the effects of vaping cause far less anxiety in me, though I'd caution that everyone is different in that regard.

I've noticed a difference in strains too. Typically, a sativa-dominant strain like Blue Dream or Jack Herer will give me more anxiety than an indica-dominant strain will. 

I drink a lot of greens and oolongs during the colder months, and have been ordering from What-Cha for those. In the summer, though, I like adding mint from my garden to iced tea, so rather than masking the delicate flavors of What-Cha's teas, I use Rishi's Jade Cloud as the base and add sprigs of mint to that.
I think it's bullshit.
I doubt it. From what I've seen, there really isn't anything to suggest that he's a decent person who can see past himself.
Me too, and I'm from Baltimore. It would be fun to take the afternoon off and drive up there to do that.
Right, but have you seen Wizard Labs' site? There's no mention of eliquid, vaping, or ecigs anywhere on that site. Plus they sell stuff that barely seems even tangentially vape-related, like flasks, graduated cylinders, and the like. 
Well yes, though the more reasonable-sounding proponents of "smaller government" I've run across in the wild tend to focus on opposing what they see as a unnecessarily burdensome regulatory environment for small businesses.

That stance, for me, is harder to oppose philosophically than any suggestion that the government should take care of people less while spending more money to enrich the National Security apparatus. 

Still, it does tend to break down when these more reasonable-sounding types reveal, upon further discussion, that those things are part of their agenda too.
They had them in the 80s I think.
Well I don't wanna dox myself, but basically we were in some place underneath a long overhang where there are lots of businesses in a strip. Really scenic place, architecturally.

And the venue was small, and might also be a theater at other times.

I've played there twice, though it's been a few years.
Good to know, thanks.
If the regulations were actually about safety and disclosure, it might not be an overwhelmingly bad thing. Of course, we know it's not really about that.
Steve Martin.

If he ran out of jokes and other things to say during the State of the Union address, he could just whip out a banjo. He'd totally crush it.
Good point; I think Kusinich would have done better if he were taller.
Though it might not be what OP is looking for, it's an excellent movie with real Tai Chi. It's actually one of the only movies I've seen with real Tai Chi in it.
Or me. 
I'm a musician and have toured in Italy a bunch. The city that I found it hardest to score weed in was Turin. So frustrating...
And they were mostly hiding inside during the coup attempt.
Isss gud remindr.
I thought hard pretzels were made of varnished wood, but I guess an edible kind.

Similarly, I thought the flavoring in Oodles of Noodles packets was made of dirt.
True, but I really don't see how they bought that shit. I didn't, and I was just a random college dropout who wasn't even especially politically aware.
Yeah well what about all those hotels then?!

/s
As someone with gingivitis whose gums can't handle it, yeah- fuck corn on the cob.

Also steak. And jerky.
*Big Pharma
It's especially ripe in Manhattan in the summer. In Chinatown, you get some noticeable rotten fish overtones, which are nice.
Don't know why no one's commented yet, because this an awesome photo. Not only is it a really good exposure, but there's some really nice composition going on.
As a constant vaper, that's one festival I'd just have to sit out.
ISIS Xtreme Spice Doritos™
Same. Maybe closer to 2 in the summer (iced).

Either way, I'm more likely to drink green, oolong, and white than black.
Android tablets vary considerably from one to the next. Something like a 2013 Nexus 7 isn't bad, if a bit outdated, but some of the cheapo Walmart ones are absolute shit. Just do some research before pulling the trigger.

Personally, I'm an Android phone user, but when it comes to tablets I'll probably only ever have an iPad.
Yeah I get way more baked with the Vapcap than I did with the flowermate, on like 1/5 of the material. It's super efficient if you know what you're doing.
You know, like the Knights of the Vale. No spoilers, but they played a huge role in Season 6, episode 9.
Hmmm. Well if you find it, please feel free to post it; would make for an interesting read.
I think you've got the ratios backwards. Indicas tend to have higher CBD vs Sativas.
Yeah, I mean when you think of it in terms of 2000 calories per day needed to sustain one human being, that's where things get tricky. Sure, you can have a vegetable garden that supplies you with basic nutrition, but you're gonna need something fairly substantial to give you the necessary calories. Potatoes and sunchokes are a good call, but you'd need to grow a lot of them, plus it would be ideal to know how to can food for the winter, and have the supplies to do so. Foraging has limited utility. Most people these days don't know what wild plants are edible, and like you said, people are gonna be hunting the shit out of deer so they'll have some kind of meat source. 

I think a lot of people would die soon after the collapse. Anyone with an infection that can't get antibiotics, diabetics who can't get their insulin, etc., not to mention anyone on some form of life support, or people who require medical treatment in general. And then there's heating and cooling, and protection from the elements.

OP, if you're interested, it might be worth your while checking out r/collapse. There are some people there who have thought about this a lot more than I have.
Silver is currently trading at just under$20/ounce.
So that would make a gram worth around 71 cents.
Gotcha, ok. The article I'd read on them a bit ago seemed to gloss over the cultlike aspect. Really I thought it was more like Qigong, which is (as far as I'm aware) widely accepted and practiced there.

Edit: added a sentence.
Yeah, it's fucking nuts. Falun Gong is based on Qigong, something that I practice. Both practices are similar to Yoga, in that they involve a set of movements and positions done to strengthen the body while calming and centering the mind.

Just imagine if your government was rounding up your neighbors who do Yoga, killing them, and harvesting their organs. Unbelievable.

Edit: apparently the Falun Gong organization is something of a cult. I still think harvesting their organs is a bit much though.
Ooh I like this. And come to think of it, she and Jon do have some features in common.
Good analysis. Oddly enough, in the US, at least among folk music aficionados, John Lewis is known as the man who killed Naomi Wise well over 100 years ago, a murder since immortalized in the traditional song, "Omie Wise".
No, I'm with you there. I love what vaping has done for me in getting myself off the smokes, but I'd eventually like to quit this too. Just the fact that I can't seem to go 10 minutes without reaching for my iStick is motivation enough to make breathing plain air the endgame for me. I'm happy for OP.
THANK YOU. Assuming that Big Tobacco is leading the fight against vapor products is a hugely misinformed stance I see daily in this sub.
Basically fine. T Mobile got me a refurbished one, and I only had to wait a day for it. At least in the short term, I was glad to get another G4 because the LG backup worked well and got everything back into the same places.


I called just now and they said they'd make an exchange for the 65 gallon one, but that wasn't what I was trying to do so I said no thanks.
You should have gotten one by now, and I'd think if you didn't, then they should give you one anyway.
It might be a foreign government, or people hacking on their behalf.
Yeah well an addict who can breathe without hacking up stuff is better off than someone who gets winded climbing a flight of stairs, as I used to.
I wonder how it would go over as a paid app. I could definitely see paying $5 for it or something, though I'm not sure how viable that is overall.
When you put him against today's Republicans, the guy was practically a saint. 
Pretty sure he was never a heroin addict, not that anything in the link you posted supports that.
Do it. I loved my og, until one day the glass broke without my even dropping it. Ordered a replacement glass tube and figured while I was at it, I'd just order a ti woody as well. This thing is so awesome, I haven't even touched my og since.
I've got a blend of two of What-Cha's teas chilled right now- Nepal Silver Oolong and Nepal Pearl Oolong. Drinking it right now; pretty great.
Also the thing where Halloran dies in the movie, but not the book. 

When I was a kid seeing the movie (after having read the book), I got seriously bummed out about that. 
Hasn't happened to me in a while, but it used to happen to me with people a lot.

At the gas station: "Hey there's my friend" (waves hi). Oops, that's a complete stranger actually! (nopes outta there).
Which is pretty dicky that she and her people provided them as printouts and not the original files. Seems a bit like paying a court-ordered fine in penny rolls.
Well like *really* aged then.
Pretty awesome. Was this with the stock camera app or with the V10 apk?
Nah. Levels of consumption will still matter.
Nice one! I've got a year on you, and through vaping instead of smoking, and moderate exercise, I feel better than I've been since I was literally a teenager. 

Edit: commaz
I've never had one. I manage a couple pages for music stuff but I've always been sketched out by the idea of having a personal account.

Anyway, I get on just fine socially. And when I hear people complaining about Facebook drama of whatever sort, I just think to myself how glad I am not too have to deal with any of that shit.
I don't think Trump is stupid. I think he intentionally dumbs down his message, whatever that is, in a cynical ploy to make working class folks feel like he's one of them.
I agree, though I personally would abbreviate to "I'd". It's not any more correct, just a matter of style and preference.
*Owned by Big Pharma
Same here in the US on T Mobile. Well, mine says Jan 1 2016, at least 
Well maybe hookahs, for those who smoke shisha.

The few times I've gone to hookah bars, I did find the flavors appealing.
Another Baltimorean here. I agree, Snoop sounded really authentic, but she is actually from here and not a trained actor, so she was among the "realest" of them all, for sure. 

I also felt like Michael K Williams did a great job in his role as Omar, at sounding like a Baltimore native. He's from Brooklyn, if I'm not mistaken; not sure how much those accents are different IRL.
Ah, missed that bit. But yeah, ever since they came out with HBO Now, there's basically no reason for me to have cable service at all, since it's almost entirely shit programming.

Still though, I personally haven't had cable TV service in many years.
Some of us don't have cable TV and use Comcast because they're literally the only game in town for high speed internet.
Shh, no one tell the EB guys that they made r/psychedelicrock.

Seriously though, these guys fucking rule. Long live Endless Boogie. Shit is the best.
True. I think that the implications of the premarket review process may even have been lost on the White House, as much as it's been lost on the general public.
Or if you do a short form multiple times in a row, as I often do.
I personally like the seawater smell. Also, I really like what it does to my hair (am male).
When they send Wildlings to Westeros, they're not sending their best. They're sending rapers and thieves.
Oh definitely. Oral cancers are associated with chewed tobacco because, while nothing is burned, chewers still have to worry about the nicrosomines and polonium 210, just not the inhaled tars and other carcinogens. Nasty stuff!

There isn't much we can do avoiding roasted foods unless we want to go all raw, but I think it's good to balance it with a lot of fresh fruits and vegetables so that we hopefully get enough antioxidants and other nutrients that it kind of cancels out the bad stuff.
Just generally I think a life of moderation is a good one, as has long been recommended. Cheers to you and your roasted tea drinking!


I'd like to see this happen. Obviously it would be satisfying to see Ramsay get taken out. But I'm thinking it would really be good for Rickon's character development to have him do something as badass as killing Ramsay, rather than missing the opportunity by having him killed off.
Yeah it's a pretty common misconception, which unfortunately is part of what gives vaping such a bad rap...but that's a discussion for another thread, another sub even.
Nicotine isn't the cancer-causing stuff in tobacco. It's chemically similar to caffeine, actually. You'd want to direct your attention to tobacco-specific nicrosamines, polonium 210, and the carcinogenic compounds produced specifically when tobacco is burned.
That sucks. Even those Culligan units with the red and blue spigot things have water that's about 150f from the hot side. I realize that's far from ideal, but still way better than lukewarm.
Really? Did you tell them it was for tea?
Ah cool. 
I don't do this myself, but if I were to, I would get one of those single-cup mesh infusers and ask for hot water. Whether or not you want to bring a thermometer is up to you:)
Yeah I think it's Assam with bergamot oil as flavoring.
There's also red oolong. I have one called Red Buffalo oolong, from Vietnam. Really tasty stuff. 
Jade oolong is actually excellent iced. It has virtually no color but a uniquely floral taste.
In his hands, duh.
I really dislike the practice of mixing in tobacco personally, but I have noticed that a lot of European herb, and Canadian for that matter, doesn't burn very well without some kind of accelerant. Not sure if that's because of chemical-intensive growing/curing techniques or what.

I do actually like the herbal smoking blend they have in Dutch coffeeshops these days, as an alternative to tobacco. 
Hmmm, good point. Well, having tried similar things using the freezer method and in room temp, it definitely seems the freezer method yields a more complete extraction. 
I understand it breaks off the trichome heads easier.
Hey there- circling back around here a week later, as I found something that might be good for you to read. Anyway, here's a bit on standing meditation and how it helps build your qi in the dan tien- it's a practice I've been working on myself for a couple years now, and [this](https://standingmeditation.wordpress.com/) is probably the best material I've seen online about it. 
Edit: When I first started, it was painful to do this for more than a couple minutes. Now that I've been practicing, I can easily do 20 minutes or more. I'd like to ultimately be able to go for over an hour. It does help to switch up the stances a bit. I've lately been doing an 8 position form my teacher taught me.
Jane's Crazy Mixed up Salt. It's been around forever, but for those who are unfamiliar, it's basically a mix of salt, onion and garlic powder, and "herbs and spices" which aren't individually listed.

A dash of it on some scrambled eggs while they are cooking really seems to liven things up a bit.
I'd add to this- put just enough ethanol in so it completely covers the AVB, and keep it in the freezer. You'll want it shake it every so often, say for a minute a day for at least three days. Then filter it. A potato ricer (so you can squeeze all the liquid out) into a tight screen works, and if you want the least sediment, use a coffee filter as a final step.

Yes, glycerin makes it more palatable, but you shouldn't actually need it to take the stuff orally...a dropperfull (or more or less, depending on strength) in a glass of water or juice ought to work, with the excess liquid cutting the burn from the ethanol.
I actually agree with you in that I don't like creamy flavors either.

But you were kinda mean to the other commenter and lost me with the antagonistic tone.
The problem is, in this instance, that there's very little between the lines to read. He's saying "I'll keep your views in mind", which is neither indicating that he agrees nor disagrees with OP.

In a way, I'd rather get a response that straight up says "well I disagree and think vapes are bad, so I won't be voting for your bill", because at least then it's honest and not typical evasive politician-speak.
You sure it's even new? I asked the T Mobile employee about the replacement I got and specifically asked if it was new or a refurb. 

She told me it is indeed a refurb, so I'm just waiting to see if this one bootloops too.
He doesn't learn everything though. His education gets cut short by the WW.
I'm inclined not to play a travel guitar in a rock band either. Unless we all had tiny instruments and that was our "thing", which it's not.

I actually got so nervous bringing my main guitar to Europe on planes (I tour over there most years), I bought one that lives in the UK now.
Serial: 505

Model: H811LB

Was just doing normal stuff last night, chromecasting videos and browsing reddit more or less simultaneously, when Bam! Bootloop. 

Had this phone since July of last year. Now I'm headed to the T Mobile store. If they can give me a new one on the spot, great. Otherwise, it's gonna be an S7 or maybe even an iPhone 6s+ for me.
Yes, the thinking is that you should either use a form of "would" or "will" in both instances, and keep it consistent. So you could use "would", followed by "you'd", or "will", followed by "you'll", but avoid mixing them up in the same sentence.
Maybe it has something to do with why Varys supports the Targaryans. He's known since then that the WW will come, and that Dany and her dragons are the only ones that can defeat them.
Sherlock Holmes was said to not remember very basic facts that other people would take for granted knowing, as he didn't have room for anything in his brain that wasn't useful towards the end of his being a master sleuth. Anytime he learned something new, it would push out the knowledge he had of something else.

I do realize he was a fictional character, but it's interesting still.
I had the flu a couple months back and it totally made my chi weird for weeks afterwards. 

Try some standing meditation if you have any training in it, also some Taoist qigong. I'd say to start small, 5-10 minutes a day at first, and work your way up to 20-30. Saying this, I don't have any idea of what kind of training you've had in any of this, so your results may vary based on that and the kind of qigong you do... But generally, that would be my advice.
Mostly I don't drink tea for it to "do" anything except to give me a little lift. That said, Sleepytime tea really does help me get to sleep if I'm restless. As for the taste, I don't particularly love it, though it isn't bad.
Very cool article. I wouldn't be surprised if this was something that the Native Americans noticed millennia ago, and we're just discovering it now.
I think that in order for that to work with a guitar, you'd need to have one of those little travel guitars. A violin I could see not being a problem, probably a viola as well.
Hell yes, those black bean burgers rule. And Monday night is burger night-  burgers are $5 including those.
I see a lot of recommendations here in this sub to use iso, but really you have more possibilities using everclear or a high proof rum like Bacardi 151.
How do you use it browsing reddit? I use reddit is fun, and it doesn't work for me inside the app.
Fuck yeah
Just wanted to note that it's interesting you say it went into your abdomen, because of its correspondence with the second chakra, which is supposed to be responsible for anxiety if the energies are deficient/out of place.

The second chakra also corresponds with the lower dan tien in Taoist systems, as you may know. It's a very important energy center in Qigong, etc.
No idea if this is at all related, but I've been able to solve some glitches by going into preferences->audio, uncheck Core Audio, recheck Core Audio, apply changes.

Works for weird latencies I get from time to time, as well as "unable to synchronize MIDI" error messages I get (which happen in projects where I'm not using MIDI in the first place). So maybe this could help, though I haven't experienced your particular issue.
Yeah. It gets a little in the early morning, then a few hours in the late afternoon/early evening when the sun is out, and if you're in VA you probably haven't had much sun at all recently (I'm in MD and it's been super rainy all month).
Sweet. Well I'd be up for going. If you still have the tickets, feel free to DM me and we can figure out where/when to meet up and such. I have a car, so I can get out to you wherever.

Edit: just saw you wrote "can be emailed immediately". That makes for even more convenience on my end.
$100 for both, or each?
Nice. I love mine. Well actually, the outer glass broke so I've ordered a replacement. While I was at it, I ordered a woody. So I'll have an OG *and* a woody when the order comes.

But yeah, two loads will do me too. One is even pretty nice. It's amazing how efficient this thing is...I mean, a load is like .05 or something. Nuts!
Hey, that works. My travel setup is similar.

I don't think any of the Trader Joe's stores near me carry loose leaf. Pretty cool that's a thing where you are.
Mine gets a few hours a day too on my porch. It's a fast grower regardless. It's my second year with this guy; I replanted it into a half-barrel planter a couple months ago, and already I've seen some noticeable trunk thickening.
It's hard to imagine them regulating electronics though. Maybe they could refer that to another department that would do something like a UL certification.

Edit: I agree about the FDA disallowing various additives shown to be toxic though. That makes sense.
Or "Hodor".
Thanks for pointing that out. That's good that it was at the end of the performance, way better than if it happened toward the beginning or middle.
I wish the article talked more about her death. Yes, it's literally morbid curiosity, but I'd like to know, for instance, how long the rest of the symphony played, did it fall on her, etc. 
Yeah, that's what I meant actually. I was thinking that with the victims being older, they probably didn't have security cameras installed and such.
GOOD.

I'd be interested to read how they caught him. Just out of curiosity, really.
Yes, and also just in general. People are always on about anti-vape legislation being a win for big tobacco, and that's true, but I think if you followed the money you'd find that most of it comes from Big Pharma. Just look at California's "Still blowing smoke" nonsense... It has Big Pharma's paw prints all over it. Plus I am pretty sure that they spend way more on campaign donations and such.
A much bigger threat than big tobacco, AFAIK
I ordered one once. Tasted like Pine Sol smells. 0/10, would not recommend.
I use this app too. Generally I have the loudness enabled for a bit of boost, but where it's really useful for me is when I'm sending music to my cheapo Bluetooth speakers. When I do that I boost the bass and add like 20% virtualization, which helps a lot.
Stop a print job.
Yeah mine is fine too. I got it about a couple weeks after they came out, and despite lackluster battery life, it's held up very well.
I'm in my 40s and most people my age that I know are pro-Bernie, as am I.
I mean, I definitely agree it's better in a lot of ways, but the guy was saying that it's not addictive, which it is.


>I have to resist the urge to correct it every time I see it, because no one likes a Grammar Nazi loose in greater reddit.

I personally don't care. I have enough upvotes accumulated that losing a point out two will not deter me from correcting someone's grammar, especially when people go peppering their comments with unnecessary apostrophes, my biggest pet peeve.

I only refrain when doing so would be insensitive, would overly sidetrack the conversation, or when I'm just tired.


Yes but that's not what we were talking about.
As a musician, I don't (usually) get high before gigs because my sense of time goes wacky on me. Usually tempos will get muuuch sloooower if I have to start the songs.
One of the rare instances in which an apostrophe is needed and not used, rather than the other way around.
It is addictive. Maybe not as much as oxy, but it is, and causes withdrawal symptoms among those trying to quit if they've used it long enough.

Don't get me wrong, I'm pro Kratom and think it should remain legal and available, but I don't think that having illusions about its safety really helps anyone.
That's amazing. I agree with the others who are telling you that you have a wonderful gift.

The only advice I have is to keep a certain purity...of course, no one is completely pure, but what I mean is to avoid getting pulled into addictions and materialism, meditate and/or make art often, go out in nature often, and just generally try to live a good life and don't rush things.

I'm speaking here as a guy in his 40s who used to receive "information" about people and have many other insights, which have slowly slipped away...and I mainly blame internet/smartphone addiction for dulling this awareness. I'm working on this. Anyway, keep it going- the world needs more people like you.
Don't blame me; I voted for The Warlock.
Sure that wasn't telepathy though? If the person she saw was in her mind when she asked you and you saw it, perhaps that's what it was.
Not psychedelic rock, but a cool video nonetheless. I like that Eric Wareheim is doing something other than comedy here but still keeping an absurdist angle.
Precognition. I haven't had too much experience with it in the past few years, but in my childhood through my early 20s I saw the not-too-distant future in dreams quite often.
I say!
Thanks!
I just googled it and can't seem to find anything. Do you have a link for this IANS site? Sounds interesting, thanks.
I climbed one of these as a kid. Pretty sure the stains permanently ruined that pair of pants, and we had to throw them away.
He might very well vape, actually.

Doesn't mean he supports vaping for other people, but he's living in this extremely secure building with his family, secret service and all kinds of other staff hanging around, not to mention a daily stream of tourists in parts of it...he's not gonna want to smell the place up, so in my mind, him vaping is a discreet possibility, even if they are blus or whatever.
For now.
This happens to me a lot as well. Sometimes it gets real screwy and repeats a video I watched two videos ago when I thought I've stopped it, and at this point the cast isn't in my phone's control anymore, so I then have to disconnect the Chromecast from the wall plug to make it stop.

I'm on an LG G4, btw.
*Theirs. It's already possessive and thus doesn't need an apostrophe.
That was so awesome. After 6-01 I was disappointed in Tyrion's dialogue and thought D&D had dulled his wit. Glad to see it's back.
"Hodor"

"Whatchou talking' about, Wyllis?"
Ah, thanks for clarifying. It's been a while since I've seen one of the videos about him. Inspiring stuff at any rate.
Depends. If you see any of those YouTube videos about Rick Simpson and his efforts to get cannabis recognized as a medicine, he talks about "hemp oil", though what he's using is clearly butane-extracted hash oil.

Otherwise, I'd think hemp oil generally means hemp seed oil, like you'd get at natural markets.
Misread this as "my cat had cancer and it was his last wish to see a tiger, so..." and I thought that was kinda funny.
Hey thanks. It's more than just a display glitch because the track without the auto-crossfades sounds a little clicky at a couple of the edit points when soloed, and those edit points are smooth on the other track.
Yes, I'm on El Capitan. 

I don't know how to group the tracks for simultaneous edits. Sounds cool though, thanks for suggesting that. 
Wow, apt username...
Thanks for your reply. Some of that is stuff I hadn't really considered, and now I'm actually surprised I hadn't.

One thing that had me thinking about age of the adoptee being a factor was the story of another Korean adoptee our family knew; I'll call him Jimmy. He was already 7 or so when he was adopted, and seemed to have a real hard time fitting in. He had behavioral problems in school, where he was already a couple years older than his classmates, and later as a teenager, he seemed headed for a life of crime, breaking into houses and stuff. I never knew what became of him later, as we lost touch with the family, but remember it being quite an unfortunate situation as he seemed to be a nice kid.

Anyway, glad you had your brother around to make things a little easier, and thanks for helping me consider things I hadn't before.
Wouldn't that depend on what age you are when you're adopted? I have siblings adopted from Korea. They were just a few months old, each of them, when they came here, and are quite well adjusted adults now. 
I cover it for the first second or two of the inhale, then let more air in. It's not much more vapor than not using it at all, but seems to help a little.
What-cha sells a Nepal Pearl Oolong that's heavenly. It's among their most expensive teas, but absolutely worth it, IMO. 

Last year I had their Nepal Silver Oolong which was amazing as well,  though it is out of stock at the moment.
That, and killing all the big fish.
I fucking love NC. Yeah, the politics are pretty shitty at the moment, but the people there are super chill, the weather is great, and they have some of the best small cities in the US: Chapel Hill, Greensboro, Asheville, Wilmington...not to mention the entirety of the Outer Banks, where as a Marylander, I spend a week out of every year.
She'll try to keep the ACA going until it causes premiums to rise to a level where most people just opt for the fine instead. They'll need to replace it with something else, but even then I'm not confident single payer will be the main idea tossed around. At least not by her.
That is very cool. Should be its own TIL post.
It just depends on who's writing the checks. Typically, the Republicans have been getting campaign money from the fossil fuel companies, defense contractors, and the NRA, while Democrats have been getting theirs from Big Pharma, Wall Street, the Insurance industry, and whomever else. Either way, it's corruption and it sucks.
That doesn't really have anything to do with solar power on buildings, more to do with people within VW cutting corners because they were forced by upper management to produce results  that were basically impossible given what they had to work with.
I have never had a heating problem with mine. Closest I came was when I was in Europe, roaming on their TMobile networks. It got a little warm then, but not actually hot.
Sweet, you got a real good one there.
Elton John's "Benny and the Jets".

You have to do it with big slow steps though, like a giant walking.
That aspect has always weirded me out. I prefer the Xlerator anyway.

One of the cool things about those is, you can make interesting sounds happen by how you move your hands under it, and it can even be kinda musical, albeit in a more avant garde way. I like doing this when there are complete strangers in the restroom with me.
Good news indeed! Except for the part about them being juveniles. Really hope they are tried as adults.
The good thing about this is that there are more ramen spots in town than I knew about- a lot more.

Kind of sucks that they didn't say anything about the places, like where they are, or basically anything else.
Not many, I'd reckon. After all, they've been doing this sort of thing for thousands, perhaps millions, of years.
I don't know what's going on exactly, but I think it has to do with Samsung's messaging ports or whatever.

I have one friend whose texts always go to my stock texting app and not Google Messenger, which I have set as the default. He is using a GS5.
1 Mighty plus extra batteries.
If you've got $400 to spend, don't mess with the Flowermate. Mine just sits and collects dust right now. Just get a Mighty and don't look back. Trust me.
I had been reading about the Mighty here for a while and always balked at the cost. That is, until a buddy of mine got one and invited me to try it. It is *amazing*. It blows away every other portable by miles, and even most desktops I've tried. 