This is the new [CFHT](Check out @FootballlTrolls’s Tweet: https://twitter.com/FootballlTrolls/status/987749087951794177?s=09)
>CHL
Everything and everyone is awesome when you're winning. 

Ride the high, Walker. This is your time. 
Pogback. 
I think you gotta increase your circle of trust by trusting other people with your secret key. Then you get two circles circling or whatever. Maybe. 

PM_ME_UR_SECRET_CIRCLES_MATES
You pee all around the circumference. Can't miss a spot lest the claim leaks through.
Nephew. Delete.
That is precisely the GW when Barnes won't show up.
Less than Half the talent, more than double the cunt: You're just a shit Frank Lampard
Why do I keep falling for such juvenile shit
How about we make the roads wider, so slow moving vehicles don't force vehicles on the wrong side lest they're stuck behind a bullock cart for the entirety of a 20km "highway"?


Naaaaaah bruh, you get spikes! Look how shiny!
DANGER ZONE!
Y'all Qaeda
Kinda by the definition of proper braking distance - it is your responsibility to maintain a safe braking distance in order to not hit the vehicle in front of you even if they have to suddenly brake. 

Unless the pick up driver reversed into OP, that is, in which case it's the pick up's fault. 
Another correction to the edit, if you don't mind:

There are plenty of jobs in the engineering field that do not require a P.E. license. For example, for a civil engineer, you can start at a lower grade that doesn't require you to sign off on blueprints and designs: You can work as a site supervisor, laboratory supervisor, Civil Technologist. You can work in these fields while gaining the requisite work experience under a licensed PE to get your own license. 
Ah alright, don't have much knowledge about the status of EU citizens. 
For Canada's Express Entry Stream, under the Skilled Worker category, you have to assess your score on 2 scales:

1. [The CRS](http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/immigrate/skilled/crs-tool.asp) - max points: 1200, latest cut off for invitation to apply: 442/1200

2. [The FSW scale](https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/immigrate-canada/express-entry/become-candidate/eligibility/federal-skilled-workers/six-selection-factors-federal-skilled-workers.html) - max points 100, minimum required to qualify for PR: 67. 

For CRS, experience of 3 years of more gives you the maximum points for that bracket. 

For FSW, Each additional year upto 6 years gives you extra points. 6+ years is the same as 6. 


Mobility is good for EU residents/citizens of the Schengen states. For someone pursuing citizenship in one of these countries, the post does well to clearly state the hurdles in inter-EU mobility. 
This particular point haunted me for the longest time, and is a common question for someone new to the process.

Great post. Very informative summary. Thankyou for doing it. 
>>If you are an engineer (non software / IT) you need to be licensed in Canada and Australia.

This isn't necessarily true. You can get PR without having a P.E. license even in non-IT engineering fields. You just cannot practice as a professional engineer until you get that P.E. license. 

You can't even get a full P.E. license in most provinces of Canada without gaining work experience in that particular province, so it'd be weird if they insisted on a P.E. license to qualify for PR. 
Much thanks for the great advice. I will already have a dresser space to the right (in the drawing) of the room, and there isn't enough space for the bench in front of the bed I feel.

I like the headboard idea a lot, I can increase the headboard height and move the wall art to the front wall. Does that sound good?

I like that credenza idea too, but I think I'll feel the need to fill it up and that'll take away from the minimal theme I'm trying hard to stick to.
More details: Apologies for not being able to provide photos, because I'm still building this place.

I have planned a big artwork for the wall behind the bed, I'm hoping that will be the main focus of the room, and now I have decided not to have a TV in the bedroom (It'll go in the living room instead). 

Any advice on what to do with the wall in front of the bed is hugely appreciated. I am not averse to leaving it blank, but I'm not sure if that'll truly come out minimalist or if it'll just be wasted space. 

Please help!
Thanks, it makes perfect sense now that I think about it, we do have all-steel buildings that don't need concrete to take the compressive stresses. 

I stand corrected.
Steel is known for its tensile strength, not compressive.
Open back headphones leak sound (but provide better soundstage), closed back headphones provide better noise cancellation along with minimal sound leakage at the cost of a perfect soundstage.
Like no one is wat?
It works! You lose weight - one lung at a time.
Magisk is a one-stop solution for rooting and device modules. You first flash a third-party recovery package (eg. [TWRP recovery](https://forum.xda-developers.com/oneplus-5t/development/recovery-twrp-oneplus-5t-t3715834)) which allows you to install any firmware/recovery/OS on to your phone. From here, you can flash Magisk and then reboot your phone to go and install Magisk Manager from the Play Store and play around with the available modules..

Fair Warning, do a bit of reading before you root your phone, if this is your first time doing it. 
Thanks, I'd forgotten about it. This is neat, but I haven't seen any Pixel-fy modules/flashables for Oneplus (or any other phone)... yet. Should only be a matter of time. 

I don't know what ambient Shazam feature means in this context, but Auto Shazam is available for all Androids. See if that's what you're looking for.
Not sure if you're serious, but this is a reference to a film I cannot, for the life of me, remember now. 

Fist Fight, maybe?
https://imgur.com/a/q4sVx
Garlic good; coins GOOOOOOD.

What's not to like?
How're they going to take the roof out now. SMDH
Not all of it.
Can someone once, just once, shout "But If you've got nothing to hide...." at them?
Baka's interceptions are also inflated, since a lot of his tackles result in giving the ball away to the opposition. We absolutely need better stats to compare central mids.
You assume I have friends. Incorrectly.
That could be the only good thing about my week. I have Elliot on the bench FML
Foster starts.

me 2 thanks
Chexk out the article. The guy was in touch with ICE for 2 years, trying to get his status. They just upped one day and threw him out. Welcome to the United Agents of The Donald
http://www.cnn.com/2017/04/05/us/undocumented-husband-deported/index.html


> 
Helen Beristain voted for Donald Trump even though she is married to an undocumented immigrant.

> In November, she thought Trump would deport only people with criminal records -- people he called "bad hombres" -- and that he would leave families intact.

> "I don't think ICE is out there to detain anyone and break families, no," Beristain told CNN affiliate WSBT in March, shortly after her husband, Roberto Beristain was detained by US Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
USD 199 = AUD 256 tho
/r/INEEEEDIT 
Heh. 
He gets the bonus points and the -4 won't hurt much. 
Yeah I'm rocking a 343 with two 3.9/4.0 defenders, cuz I'm an idiot like that
I love you Jose, but god fucking damn. I took a hit to bring in fucking Monreal. 
Are you sure about that reasoning? Is it not just because Euro is pronounced Yuro, a consonant sound? 
In Afghanistan, you get pulled over for wearing your seatbelt. You can be brown, have a beard and everything, blending in well, but if you have a seatbelt on, you're getting pulled over to get your papers checked. 

Instantly reminded me of Drei Glasser, the moment I figured it out.

I am keeping Firmino for one more week. I brought him in at 8.6, if he drops 0.1, I don't lose any value anyway. Next gameweek I'll have 2 FTs, so it'll be easier to make a better decision even if I have to take a -4 to make all the pieces work. 
2 of his 4 assists were today in the last 20 minutes. He was playing wingback when Alonso got subbed out for fear of a second yellow. 

Don't count on it. But absolutely count on his bonus points. 
I meant I have Atsu already. 
I was going to swap Atsu out for Davis. Saints have better fixtures ahead. But maybe there's something I'm failing to take into account? 
This sub be cool like that.

I saw it in real time and I thought the ref did him a favor with a straight red which is appeal-able. A second yellow would have been not. 
Shakes pear vigorously. 
Or maybe they're thinking it's a one game ban which he'll serve out in the FA cup
I think he'll definitely play the CL. It was Qarabag, and the second string lineup was expected for that game. The rest of the group is Atleti and Roma. Morata will definitely start for those games. 
You're wrong. DLP is also a position. See: Pirlo. 

But in any case, KdB isn't a defensive midfielder, central or otherwise 
DLP, not CDM. 
There's a web app for Windows now, just in case you didn't know.
Severe lack of la leche in this comment 
Conte clearly feels his return has to be rushed, that IMO will include all aspects of what was going to take him longer, including 100% rehab. 
Conte: Bakayoko is a good signing for us. He is very young. My idea was to give Bakayoko the right time to adapt in this league behind Matic. But now after the sale of Matic, we need to try to accelerate this process for Bakayoko after his injury.


Source: [Evening Standard ](https://www.standard.co.uk/sport/football/antonio-conte-chelsea-must-rush-tiemoue-bakayoko-after-nemanja-matic-sale-a3607716.html)
I need to replace both Sane and Fabregas, and I want to wait until the next GW when I have 2 FTs. I have a playing bench, so I can ride out to another week, but I'd rather switch Fabregas out if the price fall is all but guaranteed. 

Advice?
Mr. Giroud only likes to get fucked by Mrs. Giroud. 

Wait this isn't Pulp Fiction.
The proper syntax is "Objection Your Honor. Relevance?" 
Is it weird that I was searching for the Player Price Changes post already?

Speaking of, where is it?
Nobody uses Yahoo for search, Poch
En Brasil 
Someone who wants to give the young lads a couple of minutes 
I don't know about you but it looked a clear handball to me. 
No I don't count as someone being there to see it. 
Or a pond.
Conte's IdeaOfFootball^(TM)  will allow him 10 minutes in a few games here and there and that's it. Bakayoko is a 22 year old prospect with half a good season behind him, hasn't had a preseason or even enough training. 
Bakayoko will not start until Christmas. 
Sisters-in-law Xagged: None. 
ITT: Let him who is without sin cast the first stone. 

Feedback: I'm sure you're a helpful bot. But I was intentionally going for a non existent sub here. Akin to (NSFW) ghostnipples. 
Ain't no lips thread without Marcos Alonso. 
/r/ghostlips material, that lad. 

More like La Liga: Mañana, amigo. 
Spain, I guess. He's a tax resident in Spain, so it just seems logical he'll only pay the taxes to the Spanish authorities. 
Can't find a precedent on buyouts. But I've dropped Jake Cohen a line on Twitter. If he replies, that'll help.
Transfer fees are amortized over length of contract in FFP account books, Releases/Buyouts  are not. 
[Reverse Bamboozle!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uw1S4LtlZe8)
Yeah that makes sense. I thought there was something missing in that comparison. Thank you for the clarification. 
Is QSI going through PSG to pay Neymar? If not then it wouldn't show up on PSG's books. QSI owns a lot of stuff aside of PSG. 

Nobody's denying that the whole deal is shady af.. Afterall who expects Neymar to do any ambassador work even close to 300m in today's market, he just won't have enough time. But the point here is PSG won't incur any French taxes because they're not technically paying, their parent company, which is not based in France is paying Neymar for services totally unrelated to PSG. 
Until I saw the La Liga emblem on the wall outside, I was sure this was a scene from a film I hadn't watched and I'd have to look in the comments to find the source and then cue that film on Netflix. 

When I saw the La Liga emblem, I did a double take to see if I was in /r/highqualitygifs instead. 
I don't see how it's Qatar to PSG to Neymar. It's just Qatar to Neymar for his services as Goodwill ambassador or whatever. PSG doesn't factor in the whole deal until he buys out his clause and then joins them on a free. 
Talk about NET LEVERAGE! 
Which began as a consequence of the second world war. Still, even the cold war is long past us. There's no reason to stick to it now. 
This is one phrase where I go irrationally PC. WW2 is long past us and Third World is a derogatory term. Developing Nations FTW. 
I'm still hoping that all of this is happening in my nightmare and when I wake up, Chelsea will have both of these guys. 
Should have given Matic a better pay package in line with Cesc's (Cesc is the second highest paid player at Chelsea, and Matic earns Spurs level wages while keeping Cesc out) and promise a part of his minutes to Chalobah instead of selling him for 5 fucking million. 

Retarded thing to do in my opinion buying Bakayoko which made sure Chalobah spat on the massive renewal package we offered him. We lost one of the best midfielders in the league and one of the best prospects of our academy and 40m on this shit. 
What I understood:

He received moneys for image rights for 2011-2014 in 2014, and he declared that as capital gain while paying more than required just to make sure there weren't any problems with the taxman. 

The prosecution's problem with it is that he did not declare the moneys yearly, and also that he didn't declare it as regular income which is taxed higher, I guess. 
Bakayoko is a 22 year old prospect who has had half a good season. Traded Up is a gross overestimation. 
He's always been an absolute joy to watch. 
I am talking about the same time period. We had just brought on Kante, and Matic wasn't sure of his place on the team. He was 28 and looking for a last big contract or playing time. This is his prime and he understandably does not want to sit on the bench, especially with Spurs level wages when all of his competition in the club is making much more than him. And we typically enter into contract renewals when there is one year remaining into contracts which is this year, his current contract runs out 2019. 

I don't believe any one source explicitly, but the point is about conflicting reports. Every ITK is positioned differently, so you have to take that into account when analyzing the info they put out. Like I said, the club briefings (the board's version) goes out through Matt Law. 

I am not trying to paint Conte as anything, he is an authoritarian guy with his own sense of reasoning. I am actually glad that he's taken the board by the balls, which Jose couldn't do and ended up under the guillotine. I don't see that happening with Conte. I am talking more about the proverbial line in the sand. There's a thing as too much control. It's good when it makes Musonda puke up on his first day at training, but it's bad when it causes cracks in the dressing room. In Cesc's words, Jose was too soft on them after the league win, and it seems like Conte is the polar opposite. A perfect man manager is one like Uncle Carlo, but I digress. 

I am not in any way trying to condone Costa's behavior. For all I know Matic was also sent the same text as Costa but he's been a model professional unlike Costa who has been disrespectful multiple times, I agree with you there. But think of it like this: It cost the club a lot, and could have ended up costing even more if we didn't get Morata, because there is no way in hell Conte would have made up with Costa even if that was the club's only resort. The club sent out an olive branch twice through Matt Law, and Costa even responded positively once. But Conte was firm on his decision - which is all awesome now because we got Morata. Had Marina not been successful in talking Real down to 58m, we could have been knee deep in shit because of Conte's refusal to make up for just one more season with Costa. 
No if he would have left 2 seasons ago, I'd not have said any of this. But last season, he had built great rapport and won a title. Now there have been conflicting reports all around (See the end of this comment, I will post another one). Matić doesn't really get out in the media neither himself nor through the agent, so the board's mouthpiece (Matt Law) can push any version of the events they like. They did the same to Conte earlier this season when Matt wrote that article about the board not bending to Conte's will when we lost out on Lukaku. Next thing we know they're backtracking on it. 



All in all, there has been a breakdown in negotiations with Matić, and that's what worries me. The my way or the highway approach is pretty common among great managers: Jose, Pep, Klopp all do it, but Conte seems to be very unrelenting in it all (one wrong word and it's thanks for the seasono) which will only result in adding to the instability at the club. We have had a mass exodus from the club this year, with Chalobah rejecting a massive contract and Aké leaving on similar terms, which is unsustainable. We are also stuck with Costa due to this very thing. I mean maybe I'm being an alarmist but the cracks are beginning to show: If this is finally the end of player power at the club now that Terry is gone, then it's amazeballs. But if it's a rift, it cannot be anything good. 


And, this is from Kansela, another really respected source: https://twitter.com/NizaarKinsella/status/891779819356135424 
:(
That choice of players is not what irks me as a fan. I wanted stability in the club, because that is the only way this club will progress. That is the only way a manager will feel confident enough about his job to use some youth from the academy, and make me even more proud of this club. But the board has shown time and again that they prioritize short term gain. I don't mind the trophies ofcourse, but I do mind the merry go round of managers and dressing room antics. I want the manager to have enough power and trust of the board that the players can't even think of a coup. 

We aren't doing well in Europe because of this instability, because every new manager has a different vision, and needs an year to mould the team to his liking and then get fired the next year. And then the next manager has a polar opposite philosophy of football than the fired one. 

This short term thinking is equally the board's fault as it is the players' and the managers'. Emenalo is Roman's technical enforcer and Marina is the financial enforcer. Emenalo has evidently learnt his lesson, but Marina doesn't seem to have learnt anything from the 2015-16 fiasco. 
Shit flavored icing.
You mean Sanches? Renato Sanches on loan would be one amazing replacement for Matic. 
No need to be hostile. 

>why is it to do with Conte's ego?

The fact that Matic was made to train alone? The fact that he wasn't taken on the pre-season tour while Hazard almost went with a broken ankle to China? 

>W-what?

Even if you don't believe my version of it (which is why I added IMO), the bottomline stays the same - for whatever reason, Matic's contract renewal talks broke down. It may have been over money or playing time. Matic didn't want a Cesc-tier contract? Cesc is the second highest earning player in the squad. EVERYONE wants a Cesc-tier contract, so it's not far fetched to say that the player on Spurs level wages, who was keeping Cesc out of the team wanted a Cesc-tier contract. Hence, IMO. It's not a massive jump in logic to make. 

>Why do you act like Batshuayi being on the bench last season means Conte and the board was dumb? 

I didn't say they were dumb. You should read what you're replying to. I said he was left on the bench because he did not fit Conte's idea of football (staying in position to allow the rest of the team have a point of reference). Btw, I have written this thrice now. 

>We won the fucking league you moron

.... Done talking to you. 
>You assume Conte and the board are dumb enough to A) let a starting midfielder go with the knowledge that the new midfielder will probably not start till Christmas

No. I assume ego. Same as the Costa situation. IMO Matic wanted money in line with Cesc if he wasn't going to play as much, and the contract talks broke down. So Conte being Conte thanked him for the seasono. 

>Conte never wanted Bats, the board did.

Doesn't matter, he had Bats at his disposal to play. Now YOU'RE assuming Conte and the board are dumb enough to waste 30m on the bench. Also, Conte made it clear that he likes a positionally sound striker to help the team get their bearings, which Batshuayi took time to learn. I am not making stuff up here. It's Conte's words. 
Just my take on the situation.

Conte didn't give Batshuayi much time last season, because of HisIDeaOfFootball™.  It will be the same with Bakayoko as he slowly learns exactly what is required of him, like Batshuayi learnt to stay in position to help the rest of the team get their bearings. Plus Bakayoko isn't a very good player right now but he has a very high ceiling, as confirmed by Makelele. It will be difficult for him to start ahead of Cesc if the latter hits any kind of form.
Possibly breakdown over contract renewal/playing time. 
or this. This is succinct. 
Matic is a shy personality, but I've never thought of him as one to shy away from competition. However, in a recent interview (I think it was in The Telegraph -I will find a link if I find time), Conte said something along the lines of him needing to have 100% control and respect of the team and that if that doesn't happen you lose control of the dressing room. Although that seemed to be him talking about the Costa situation, I couldn't help but think that he also meant Matic with that remark, since Matic was left out of the squad for the pre-season.

Couple that with the fact that Matic is not on immense wages (for a bit-part player) like Cesc, and playing time is really all he has especially at this stage of his career, Matic wasn't happy with the club going for a 22 year old midfielder with a good half season under his belt. This is exactly what a majority of Chelsea fans have been saying - We should have kept Matic, given him a decent renewal package in line with Cesc's and given Chalobah a gentleman's promise of more playing time if not a written guarantee. That way we wouldn't have had Chalobah reject a massive renewal package and leave for just 5m. 

Anyway, I digress. TL;DR and to answer your question, I guess the transfer is in line with recent Chelsea dealings: 

1. Use the academy for a profit unless we get a Thibaut or a Christensen from the loan system, and buy other young talent developed by teams that can afford to give them playing time in the CL. 

2. Don't stand in the way of first teamers who aren't happy without playing time guarantees - Oscar, Mata, Ramires etc. 
I don't see Bakayoko starting before Christmas, if then. Kante-Cesc and getting fucked over in the midfield like the last 2 pre season games is the replacement for Matic. 
This is a sad day in my life as a Chelsea fan. 
Unstoppable. :(
I would love Fellaini but not in exchange for Matic. 

I is a sad.
He could also give up on the headphone jack. That's pretty courageous too. 
He's got a point though. Shooting is not all there is to football. You may shoot better with your right foot, but pass better with your left, or just generally be more comfortable using your left foot in all situations but shooting powerfully. 

Hazard, for example, uses his right foot for power and left for precision. 
Very good observation and inference, OP. Loved it. 

There has to be additional variables in there while allotting a number to the team though? Can't have both Atleti and Real playing home matches on the same day even if that's how the draw came out to be?
Pedro is only out for the Community Shield though.
>real wheel drive

Yeah fuck 'em fake wheel drive vehicles.
Just another failed English coach who did not keep his mouth shut.
The the clásico 
DU HAST MICHY
That's why he's been usurped by DiMichy
Yokohoma actually tweeted this out. It was like, "We were all thinking it, but you said it and now it's fucking cringe".
People want to believe.
Great to hear that mate. I was going for the morbid version, yours is more wholesome and I am going to go with your version of opium now. 

Good you got your health under control, and good luck for the future. Wish you health for a long time to come.  
Because literally nothing else is. They say sports are the opium of the masses to distract from the real issues, but I can barely afford the opium now, so.. maybe it's not just about football. 
Can't disagree there. 

There are a few myths bigger than Barcelona having a wage structure. I wouldn't be surprised if this was all about Neymar wanting a new contract because Messi got one. 
Good man. 

gracias, so what's the catch?
"Ï have no pohblem, you're making a pohblem!!!!"

The 4th official looked like he was gonna cry. 
LOL I thought it's been shared so much, you were getting sick of it. 
If you're not being sarcastic:

https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/6ouo3f/ospina_punches_pedro_in_the_face/
I think he's referring to the "ugly kid" part, but that's neither racist nor Pep's saying. He says the media needs an "ugly kid" to put all the blame on. 
Nice interview. 

Would you possibly also be able to link the part where he talks about Jose? 
Can anyone confirm if he's getting the 9 shirt? Because if he's taking the 21,I'mna FUCKING riot. This shit is beyond disrespectful. 
Not if you trust the news, they keep saying Morata 11.
Make up your mind, Do you want David Luiz or Filipe Luis
She's a guru of sales only. 
Are you fresh out of a coma? 
Puncheon is shit tho
He can dribble, he can pass. Mini-Pogba if it doesn't sound outrageous.

Mourinho played him at Lampard's position, Conte fancied him at striker. He's best suited as an 8, that's where I reckon de Boer will play him.  
> **your** doing alright

Definitely.
Parody accounts is what keeps me on Twitter. Love this shit.
2meta2fast
Literally
>every right
Cudicini to Cech to Courtois also. Nobody could have done it better. 
Why is everybody a fucking victim on this sub? Moaning about Anti-Arsenal, Anti-United, Anti-Chelsea. 

Fucking deal with it, comes with supporting big clubs. 
>>justify it with wrong facts.

What the fuck are wrong facts
Nobody can escape blame. But nobody should bear all of it alone either. 

Start here: http://www.skysports.com/watch/video/sports/football/10248981/fabregas-we-let-mourinho-down
Marina does the deals. not Emenalo. But they both share the blame equally on this, him being Roman's right hand man for executive affairs. 
Sounds like Wenger will take over when Conte ragequits. 
Same here. 

Whatever Matt says, is the Chelsea board speaking. This is our almost-signed version, and the drama lost its appeal after like the third back and forth yesterday. Get it over with already. 
Sure yeah, blame it all on big bad money hungry Mino. That was all this matching bids story was meant to do anyway.
Yeah, although Eto'o was more of a stop gap until Costa was ready to join. Kinda like Zlatan for United. That's a typical Mourinho signing. 

Hector, Djilo and Miazga were definitely all from the board, since Mourinho didn't even know Papy's name.
Hector, Djilobodji, (Miazga to some extent)
Yeah, it is from last year, AFTER Jose was fired, long after he won the league without Lukaku. Besides, Matt is a Chelsea mouthpiece. And we all know individual-gate that shows how our board distanced themselves from the debacle and put it all on Jose. 
Waivers are usually reverse the draft order
I'm counting Loic Remy to make it to 18! And Hazard won't be available for the first 3 months. 

Michy, Remy, ~~Costa~~, ~~Solanke~~

Hazard (unavailable for 3 months), Pedro, Willian, ~~Traore~~

Kante, ~~Matic~~, Fabregas, ~~Chalobah~~, ~~Ake~~, RLC

Alonso, Kenedy, Cahill, Luiz, Christensen, Azpilicueta, Moses, ~~Aina~~ (loaned)

Thibaut, Caballero, Eduardo
Yeah, I remember a couple of instances. Come to think of it, even in 2004-05, he used the diamond only when Robben was injured, which coincidentally was the first and last quarters of the season, so that's all I remember. He never played 442 when Robben was fit 
Is that Jose's son?
We've got even bigger problems than that. As things stand with our youth firesale ( and considering rumors of Matic and Chalobah leaving) we've barely got 18 to make a match day squad. 

And that's counting 2 reserve goalkeepers. 
This is giving me flashbacks of 2004-05 Chelsea. Don't think Mourinho has played 2 up top since. And what a team that was. 

Sigh. #Melancholy 
Even if he's close to it, United won't have a need for Griezmann, is my point. 
Rashford coming through shouldn't be that surprising IMO
He'll probably just come on for 20 odd minutes for Llorente when he gets tired. 

Doubt he'll start over Llorente and Ayew for the first half of the season. 
No clue about the downvotes, the price looks fine for Ake. 

I have high hopes for Ake. He's very versatile. But if Chalobah doesn't show some spark this year, I'll be forced to accept that this is all there was to him, since his Watford stint was too long ago and he hasn't done much since. 
I kinda agree with him there though. I'd rather keep starting Matic and give Chalobah a few games here and there. Not convinced with Bakayoko at all. 
So true. I couldn't believe NatCho being pegged as being better than fucking Matic by some of our fan base. It's honestly ridiculous. 
Wonder what's common between the two.
Also, fuck the fucking snake. 
Or Lampard here and Gerrard at Liverpool. Stuff of legends, literally.
Careful what you wish for, lest we land Mazzari instead.
Curious timing on Emenalo earning his pro badges though
And who're we getting after Luis Enrique?
Yuuuge if true
Ronaldo to Donarumma Chelsea?
>RC7

Can't wait for the stable release
That makes the Saints sound alarmingly like the fat best friend of a fit bird. 
Southampton apparently threatened Chelsea too.
More likely to be 7 seasons and a movie
Should have let him go when he offered to leave upon Jose's return for the second stint.
We tend to use "You lot" or some variation of it. 
There was a big discussion here a couple of days ago about stock Android not having the ability to lock quick settings toggles when device is secure. I haven't used a single Custom ROM that didn't come with this functionality. 

My point is that Custom ROMs will always be a step ahead of stock because 

1. They cater to a much smaller audience that is okay with losing a bit of stability

2. It is crowdsourced but with the added benefit of already getting to see what Google engineers have already done and using their APIs.

In short, I think the benefits of rooting and Custom ROMs are just as relevant today, but they were almost absolutely indispensable 4 years ago. 
But since it's big (only) if true, it must be true. 

Ergo, Morata to United confirmed. 
Yeah, you showed me dintya. 
Not in the starting XI, but he was on the bench for the first few PL games. Squad isn't the starting XI, especially with 'keepers. 

Anyway, the OP I replied to made it sound like Nolito wasn't a part of the squad when Pep literally bought him last season, but I concede I might have been over eager to misconstrue the rest of it. 
You sure Hart didn't play for City? 
You can't just pick and choose who you count towards the squad. Nolito was bought under Pep, he played under Pep. Hart was also played under Pep. 

Just because they played badly and Pep kept them out of the starting XI more often than in it, doesn't mean they weren't in the squad. 

With this twisted definition, all the injured players cease being a part of the squad. 
That's a pretty twisted definition of 'squad' if I ever saw one. 
Found the Tory. LOL
[Not really.](https://www.rt.com/sport/348967-uefa-minute-silence-turkey/)
Yes, it was a running joke amongst us when he joined Everton and got the #10 shirt. The least technical #10 in the world
Username checks out. 
>Sour loser.

No the title clearly says he's bitter. Not Sour.
That Lukaku miss. 
I think the referee thought Cuadrado was apologizing for pushing him, kinda like an admission of guilt. 
Sorry for the downvotes. 

Here, try this: /s
Not to take anything away from Zidane, but the worst is yet to come for him. The Spanish media and the fans are relentless and although Zizou will get a longer leash than most, it has to run out some day. 

Hopefully that day will be very far from now, I can't stand the toxicity after seeing what it did to Jose.
He was right about that though. Mandzukic was diving since the first half. 
Mario and Luigi both.
Thoroughly outplayed Juve in the second half
No hablo espanol, so I am not confusing it, I'm just saying it sounds like 20, because I have no idea of the syntax. 


I am probably spewing a lot of bullshit, but it's different from English where the ones place is the suffix to the tens place.. Like Twenty-Two, not Two-Twenty. 

Blerggh, didn't mean to start a language discussion. 
Really? Sounds like Twentieth. (Dual/Double the tenth)
We happy? 
So do #JoseLives. 

KDB isn't Santiago, he's [the pussies Colonel Jessup is referring to](https://media.giphy.com/media/l46CwsAIlmnXlRC9O/giphy.gif). LMAO
Any one. 
And also.. "early 2000s". I'd have not posted the comment if I saw myself trying to make that point. 
EUR 120m is the most commonly bandied about figure.
Absolutely... Djilobodji, Pato, Hector.. such inspired signings coming off a league win
Bad Frosty.
Madrid's Nemanja Matic, this guy
Hardly qualifies as "sync" if it offers to delete source files. Weird. 
Can you schedule these backups? I just use FTP over the local WiFi network, but I have to do it manually every time.
Doesn't Dropbox sync over internet? Or is it possible to sync via local network?
Mendy probably.
Can't get better than that in a two man midfield. Maybe Pogba Herrara. 

Although all great teams usually go with a 3 man midfield, which tells us something. 
 Usually it's Matic cutting out channels and he did well against Ramsey the first half and Ozil the second half. Kante's more of a ball winner destroyer. Matic had a tough time because he had two people running circles around him. Kante was absolutely no help to him, he had a shocker. In my opinion, it was equal parts Wenger's genius, and Chelsea not adapting to the change in circumstances. 

In the end it falls on Conte, I think. And at the risk of sounding like an alarmist, the absolute lack of leadership in this team is evident and could result in a similar season as Jose's third if Emenalo continues being a bitch in the transfer market. Barring Luiz, Costa and Fabregas this team has no leaders who can get stuck in when it counts. Maybe Pedro and Willian have that fire that Conte (or any half decent coach for that matter) likes, but not many else. 
We had to go to a 4-3-2 after that shit Moses pulled. And Hazard and Pedro can both play upfront.

Pedro was the more effective player on the day. Should have stayed on.
Wenger played more of a 3-5-2. Ozil was that far deep. 

Conte's subs were shit today and that was really surprising. Taking Matic off when it was clear since the first ten minutes that Moses wasn't in his element. Then taking Pedro off when he was one of the few people actually trying, instead of taking Hazard off. Finally, Costa? Are you fucking kidding me? 

We played for nothing today and we got it. 
I LOVE that name! Woolshed Baa. 
You can't support a financial group mate
> For Manchester United this is just a 4th place finish.

More like 3rd place, because of direct entry to group stages, but well said.

I am firmly neutral here, won't mind Mourinho bagging a trophy, but it gets United into the CL, which, well fuck that noise.
I meant the PL. 
Although we *are* going for the most wins in a season record, beating our own (of 29 in 04-05 and 05-06), so who knows. 
This season is a little different though. Usually both clubs have something to play for. Nothing this season. 

Besides, I'm expecting Conte to start Batshuayi, Chalobah, Ake and Kenedy at the very least, and for atleast half the game.
You don't just /select/ one, you fucking tourist! ^/s

> Now you choose your club. This you must feel inside. If the club also chooses you, move quick, like I showed. You will have one chance, Jake.
> 
> How will I know if they choose me?
> 
> They will try to kill you.

Chelsea are playing Sunderland.
Is this somewhere in the Middle East? 
I captained Jesus, but lost McCauley and Firmino. Could have been a good week but wasn't upto par. Gabiadini has been a shit transfer especially since I stuck with him throughout injury. 
Puta Madreed
This might be the worst spelling. 
You want all the cupcakes to yourself? 
Sure. It's upto you to pick and choose what you believe. The point is that it was reported. Just like this is being reported. 
He had also said Chelsea would need 10 new players to win the league. You know nothing, Pep.
TIL Oilers are Liverpool 
He's making it sound like anyone who's a bitch to you is *The One* for you.
> $20 million in 100 days. There are 365 days in a year. That means Trump could spend $180 million in a year

I am a bit lost. 20x3.65=73, how did you arrive at 180?
FUCKING FIFTY EIGHT MINUTES WHAT THE FUCK
>  I'm talking about the head movement, there is no rule against going and standing next to someone

And it's not the fall that kills you, it's the sudden stop at the end.

It's a'ight. I got like 3 more.
You are now banned from /r/wholesomememes/

PS: You are right. I just read the [Help FAQ](https://fantasy.premierleague.com/a/help):
> A yellow/red card decision or goalscorer has been changed in an earlier match. Are you going to alter the points?

> Once the points have all been updated on that day, no further adjustments to points will be made.

Sorry /u/Cadel_Fistro

Oh yeah, I meant I left little money for the rest of my team. Mostly lost out on getting on the bandwagons before they blew up. 
Hi Lintin, I'm also an Ess(ien)
'May be in luck since this is a long gameweek and the points aren't finalized yet. 

I'm saying there's a chance. 

Oumar Niasse will be available to play against Southampton at the weekend following a successful appeal against the red card shown to the striker against Watford.
Ibra, King, Alonso, Walker, Eriksen

I carried Sanchez and Hazard throughout the season, and have paid for it. Sitting at 400k
Matic was the reason Ake is collecting all this applause. You've gotta really look at his movement in the Chelsea half to see why he is a regular in the side. 

Luiz, Ake and Azpi all have a tendency to go upfield, and Matic is the one filling in for Luiz and Ake. He does the same for Kante while he goes ball hunting. All this while keeping the link to Hazard alive. Matic is lanky and doesn't seem like he does a lot, but he is genuinely indispensable to this team.
Oh so unlucky to be playing with 11 until the end innit
Can I have it too?
He wasn't sent off for a perfectly fine tackle, for one. He got the man before the ball. 

Even if that wasn't a yellow, Vidal had been hacking at everyone in sight since the 5th minute. It was only a matter of time. The Yellow was for an accumulation of Vidal's bullshit over the 90 minutes.
[Sure!](https://i.imgur.com/GIvbBgQ.png)
Now we talkin
You mean West Pakistan? 
Did we do it, Reddit?
NewGuineaPig
Speak for yourself.
Surely in that situation, bigger must be more fun.
I ordered a whey jar from bodybuilding.com and they sent me the wrong flavor. Since my address at the time was an APO address, they sent another jar of the correct flavor and told me to keep the other one too. 

Amazon also did something similar for me: They got rid of the ads on my Kindle without having me pay the $20 that is normally required. 
I was once born and didn't die. 
N V R

S T L
Janssen 
My H2H rival has Mee, Continho and Firmino. I have Mee and Heaton. 

We are tied at 42 points each. The last time I wanted Liverpool to blank this badly, Tomas Kalas was starting. 
Did you just show him the mirror? 
Press F2 to pay respects
;)

)
In that chain he goes on to say that keeping RAM unused is lighter on the battery. A number of articles were written on the subject IIRC.
Better than Awful 4th position amirite
There has to be a short joke in there somewhere. 
[Carl Pei disagrees.](https://twitter.com/getpeid/status/743721729948737536) 
I was really confused. I thought Paper Towns wasn't bad, but it didn't really belong in this list. 
Wenger looked like he waited a couple of seconds, but I don't think it happened.

More importantly, did the Arsenal players go to thank the away support. Except Ox, that is.
Blud donation, fam
I can't decide whether to captain Sterling or Sane. 
The basketball version of Quidditch
Man, they're still spamming people on BBM? No respect for the elderly, I tells ya. 
While I don't agree with the OP's point, but that's not really how Fluke works
Me and my friends loved huge ass stickers for an entire day when we first moved to Telegram. 

I'm adamantium he can.
Channel logo bugs are the worst
WES (www.wes.org) is a Non Profit Organisation that does exactly this.
WES (www.wes.org) is a Non Profit Organisation that does exactly this.
Don't trade on me. 
How do I switch to SD?
Just hope they bring back the ability to 'delete' multiple apps from my list. I have close to 500 apps that I installed once, and now sit in my "My apps" list doing fuck all, but I can't remove them like I used to be able to: Select them all, Remove. 
Thankyou
Mourinho also said the same thing in the early part of last season. And he was right, just as Pep is, this time. Ofcourse City players aren't giving up after the first goal against them like Fat Hazard and Fat Costa were doing for us last season. So Pep's got that going for him which is nice.
That's permutation, it's still the same combination.
The MediaScanner needs to update that list. In my experience, it's hard to force update it, so this is how I used to do it when I used to do it:

1. View the tags of the soundfile.ogg and make sure it has a title.

2. Add soundfile.ogg to /system/media/audio/notifications and  /system/media/audio/ui and  /system/media/audio/ringtones just to be sure

2. Restart your phone a couple of times and check if the list has updated. 

Usually this does the trick. 
Did you restore Whatsapp or installed it afresh when you upgraded to Nougat? 

Take a backup through Whatsapp, Uninstall it, reinstall it from the Play Store, restore the chat backup. Fixed mine like that. 

Also works for Gmail, Inbox, Outlook etc 
I believe the Assistant Enabler from xda lets you do exactly that and more. 
You need to be rooted so that you can add ogg files to /system/media/audio/notifications 
The Dankest Material in the world.
Also the prediction works in address bars. There's no excuse for not having suggestions on the omnibar. 
Howe had said he liked him as a DM though. 
SMH Take that upvote
Lol I meant it wasn't just a bandaid.. His entire thigh was wrapped up in bandage. 
That's not a bandaid
His Away form has people worried. 
SwiftKey's prediction engine would be pretty much useless if you didn't give it access to the Internet, but you can do it in Data Usage under Settings
That's my point though isn't it. 

The G3 was flagship for its due time, which allowed devs to pick it up and encourage development. Not the case with OP3. 
Can confirm, saw Trump get elected.
The dick IS the regular helicopter.
okay skunkhunt42
>Do you honestly think the OP3 is sold in a constant manner ?

Do you think it goes up and down throughout the year? Some people buy new phones at new year, some buy it on other holidays, some buy it when their old ones break down. There isn't any science to it. But we can safely assume that it evens out throughout the year. Even if it doesn't the number may go from 30-40%, my point still stands. 

>Do you acknowledge that the OP3 sold much faster on release day than 4 months later ?

No. Many people bought the OP3 disappointed by the iPhone, or the Pixel, or other phones. 

>Do you acknowledge that the target market for the OP3T may be already affected by the already sold OP3s ?

Yes I do. 

>Do you admit that your "point" is pretty weak considering you are trying to create a "model" of how the OP3 is selling based on one single basic mathematics operation ?

I don't. If you have a better logical model, let's hear it. 
I don't have numbers because they don't exist, not in the public domain atleast. Hence, I tried to use logic and extrapolation. 

You have again missed points I was making. I don't have the energy, nor the crayons to explain to you for the second time how the only assumption I am making is that Oneplus, like any other company, releases one flagship a year, and 4 months=33% of an year. 

Guess that's baseless. Have a good day.
It's kind of clear that you didn't read my post. You're asking questions I have already answered.

EDIT: I don't want to be a dick, so I'll answer them again.

>Any source on that

Like I said.. simple math. 4 months = 33% of the year = 33% devices sold, more or less. 

>Why 8 months ?

Because Flar2 won't buy the OPT3, i.e. OP's flagship device for the next 8 months. 

>That's not really the demographic I have observed on Xda.

Well, I have. So I don't know what to say here.  I have noticed OP and Nexus development stall around exam time, and the reasons given by the devs are close to: Got school/uni work. 

>Really why would they ? The different in performance is so little there isn't any incentive to do that switch anyway. 

They don't have a choice. If anyone hasn't bought the device yet, they won't be able to buy the OP3. And developers will want to support the OP3T because the users will soon outnumber OP3 users. One of these devices: OP3 and OP3T is going to suffer.. guess which one it would be. 

>What will eventually pull developpers from OP3 will be when the OP3T sales are important enough to be at least similar to the OP3.

Exactly the point I'm making since I started talking about it. OP3T has 8 months to outsell OP3.
I did not dramatize anything. It's simple math. 4 months of devices sold = 33% of regular consumers = 33% of regular number of developers, given that many developers are young people too, who need to save up for devices and not all devs can afford it on launch date. 

I gave Flar2's example in another post here. He is genuinely concerned about his app sales due to this step. In the next 8 months, whoever buys Oneplus' flagship phone will not buy his app because there's no kernel to use it with. Oneplus killed 66% of his revenue from their flagship with this move.  The easiest way for him would be to sell his OP3 for an OP3T, and abandon development for OP3 because there's twice as many potential buyers of the OP3T, than there are of the OP3. Just because Flar2 isn't jumping ship doesn't mean others won't.
Great comment, one I agree with for the most part, or atleast did until this decision from OP. I love my phone and so do my friends who bought it based on my recommendation, and Oneplus have certainly been better lately, what with AMAs etc. But I have to say your comment is a bit outdated, and does not take into account this new product launch, which is kind of the whole point of this thread. 

What I'm holding now is a phone that was on the market for less than 4 months. You have to understand the consequences of this. It is not going to make any developers any money (See Flar2 concerned about the sales of his EXKM app), because nobody is able to buy the device they're building for, and people will expect them to build for, for atleast 2-3 more years. Meanwhile they would be losing users who buy the OP3T which is now  the new flagship. 
This step is very discouraging to developers, however you slice it. This step has the potential to kill the dev community support which I was relying on, and that is my major concern. I come from a long history of Nexus devices, and updates are important to me. I knew the dev community would have my back. And they didn't disappoint. But now they might be forced to. 

And I'm not cherry picking issues. That is the major issue with over 200 pages of thread on the official forums. There are many others too, the LED bug, the OIS bug etc.. You cannot deny that with the Community build, they have majorly focused on features rather than bug fixes. That it looks like Hydrogen OS is just a minor hassle compared to that. 

I, being an early adopter, wasn't aware of the better service from Oneplus when I bought it, so I cannot complain about what they offer me in terms of official  updates. I always knew I was making a compromise by getting such a great device for cheap, by trading off effective software updates for it. That Oneplus upped their game is only a bonus, and a happy surprise. Although every manufacturer is doing the same lately: Samsung has a Nougat beta out, Oneplus does not. Sony has build instructions out for more than one model.


With you on the premise, but Spurs didn't create Alli, any more than we created Zouma or Michy or Kenedy.

Also, Musonda would be my priority over Baker right now. Christensen, Musonda, Chalobah, Kenedy, Michy should get decent number of appearances next season, alongwith Baker. 
"Nearly" the same time, to quote XDA (who are quoting "A Oneplus representative" they interviewed.) 
Oneplus barely ever keeps their word, and if they can't even lie with the update schedule being "identical" instead of "nearly identical", you know you're being fed bullshit. 

I couldn't care less about them launching a new phone, I'm never buying from them again anyway. What I care about is the fact that they're slow as molasses with updates (The notification bug prevalent for some people since release, is still there, and they're making shitty Hydrogen OS based Community builds instead of addressing a bug that makes a smartphone function like a dumbpone), and now they've taken away half the developer support we bought this phone for. 

Seriously, people buy Oneplus because they know they won't have to rely on infamous Oneplus software support, and instead have great dev community. They have fucked over the dev community, and spat on the early adopters' faces. If it weren't for Sultan, we'd be prisoners of the Oneplus update cycle. 
Most of the Oneplus software comes from the XDA devs. The OP3 is discontinued, which means all the devs who haven't picked up the OP3 yet will pick up th OP3T. RIP software support. 
 The OPO is still getting updates on xda because devs had one whole year to pick it up, and more of them did. 

Oneplus are feeding us bullshit and I am glad flar2 and Sultan won't be moving over. Fuck you Oneplus, I hope you get hacked and your camera source is leaked for all the current devs to use. 
Well if you read my comment in conjunction with the fact that I am a total moron, it makes perfect sense.

Also, because I totally forgot we loaned Kenedy to Watford who'd make the best wingback the world has ever seen! Rise and Shine Kenedy, don't let Cholevas back in the side!!! 
Doubt anybody else can even play wingback except Cholevas. Would be interesting to see who takes his place for this GW or if they change to a back 4
Team Accelerators 4eva ♥ 
Username checks out.
T+2 months: Announcing OP3T2: More T
With Android N. NT. Tis a server phone y'all. 
Which means you will... Wait for it... Never Settle. 

I wanna say mission accomplished? 
T+1: Even More Neverer Settle
This kills the hardware key, but I'd still support it. I mean, it'd make shit impossible to explain to granny, but I haven't ever seen her use the back or recents button ever. 
I'd have gladly paid the increased price. I'd also had gladly waited if they only told us something like this was coming, like they did for the Gold colored variant. I wanted the best phone for an year from OP, like I did from Nexus when I bought it, like my girlfriend expects from Apple and my little brother does from Samsung. 
Right there with ya. 
Did anyone else hear a faint echo of "Challenge Accepted" in the distance?
I am. If this turns out to be just a slightly upgraded OP3, My personal fuck-you to Oneplus would be me telling everyone who'd listen to me, not to buy another Oneplus device. 

I am glad ZTE is having that poll about having a stock Android device, which will make my decision to abandon Oneplus much easier. 
"Do you think we need one more, alright we'll get one more."

-

Danny Ocean 
Yayy choice! 
Perfección! 
Gracias. 
There's no Xposed for Nougat
> how could they suggest that and not a pixel xl?!

I'm not sure but probably because the Pixel wasn't in contention for the category that the Note 5 won. Maybe they are counting 5.5"+ as phablets
1+3= 37

1+3 is 37.

1+3 is 37 (months old)
I still need to pay mine. Almost forgot. Thanks for reminding me.
Is it a slider or can I specify my own values?
I'm running at 350 on my OP3 right now, I doubt a slider would allow as low a value.
Tbh, I do that sometimes with defenders. You had some logic in there.  Like you could be putting Amat on the starting lineup lately, fully knowing he won't start, but just in case he did you want his points because he's got easier games than your bench defenders. 
In that case you'll only have one keeper to auto sub from anyway, there's no choice. You can't replace a keeper with an outfield player, or vice versa. 
You're very wrong on how substitutions work, but even if it did work that way, you always run the risk of the player not starting but coming on for ten minutes and then you're fucked 
Unless you're managed by Mourinho whose teams can change tactics on the fly, you're going to have to outscore them. 
Yeah I have been listening to the cast regularly. You're doing great work. Love the fun element to it. 
Will be joining the league next season onwards. Keep it up, and good luck!
Was having so much fun for a couple of minutes listening to her, but had to let her and the podcast go, when she said she didn't appreciate Mourinho. Just killed the vibe for me. 

I like the concept I guess, maybe will give it another shot if you decide to do another episode next time. You guys are fun.
I know.. I'm not renouncing Oneplus yet. I just said they *will* lose one customer in me, if this happens to be a small upgrade to the 3. That's all. 

And the T-7 is merely T minus 7 as in 7 days to go.
Note and S series aren't the best analogy. Those two lines do not appeal to the same demographic. Remember during the whole Note7 fiasco, Samsung offered S7 as replacements, but the common theme was that if I wanted an S7, I'd have gotten an S7. 

This is unprecedented. (If the rumors are true,) this is the same form factor. So, it'll be like Apple releasing 6 and 6S less than half an year apart. 
They will lose a customer in me. Ofcourse I'll be the one losing more, by losing out on good devices, but it's unethical, and I won't buy from them again, nor would I recommend them to anybody else.
Makes Pedro a wee bit better pick than Lallana now, I guess?
Yeah, that'd be me. 
I think my issue is going to be closed too, for the same reason as yours, there's already an open issue here: https://github.com/wasdennnoch/AndroidN-ify/issues/912
Chelsea're playing 343. 
I've opened another one with the error log attached.
I can send you the error log, but I don't know my way around github. Does he also need logcat? 
I said it as a response to the sarcasm. 
History has shown that it is far cheaper and far more practical to replace managers than to replace players. 

Although United have spent enough on managers too. 
He's done even trying to breathe through his nose isn't he
Putting Descartes before the Harry
Oh, I get where the confusion is. 

I imagined since no one is saying that he is unreliable now, the quote was from the early stages of the season when it was a legitimate concern. He's definitely not unreliable now. Klopp has made the best use of him. 
Diego Cos... Nevermind. 
Because he used to go missing for weeks at a stretch? And he isn't perpetually injured liked Walcott. He just drifted off after a few good games sprinkled throughout the season, or have half a reasonable season, and then be invisible. Numbers like [these](https://i.sli.mg/6jwx2e.png) are acceptable if attained on a hotstreak, but with Coutinho, you'd have to have him in the team for the entire season to get his worth. Not my first FPL pick.
Fernandinho has ALMOST the same stats, in double the minutes played. 

Hope the other guy didn't have a stroke.
We have the same team if we count only the starting goalkeeper
Coutinho is definitely unreliable. He used to be Oscar level unreliable until this season. The sarcasm is funnier than the statement OP's mocking. 
This sounds amazing. Wish I could use it on Oxygen OS. Seems like I'm stuck in the dark ages with my Build 592
The thing is Willian is only sick, not injured. And there's an international break. Pedro may rise, and Willian might come back into the team straightaway. 
Moses is pretty much nailed on. Unless Ivanovic has nudes of Conte like he had Jose's and Guus'. 

You're absolutely correct in your skepticism of counting Pedro as nailed on. See above. 
Willian wasn't injured. He was Conte's first choice until Willian's mum passed. He's been on compassionate leave, came back and Pedro got subbed out earlier than usual for him. Then he got sick and was left out of the squad this last game. 

Pedro has really made the position his own in Willian's absence, but I would not call Pedro nailed on. 
Relegated 
Won't you have to look at the keyboard to type? That'd break immersion at the very least. 
The first thing I imagined is how much of a bitch typing on it would be. 
I'd listen to him, he even figured out the zipper in that game. Ruthless, new and improved Arsene Wenger
The ref was confused af.. Ivan, what the fuck are you talking about!!!
I know I can probably go on playing for another ten years. Playing with myself that is. 
Watch me. 
Can confirm. 
Looks like more than one pitch.
What is #16?
If you are using SuperSU by Chainfire, there's an option in its settings to unroot. 
I love N-ify, even though anything above Build 600 doesn't work on OOS. Thankyou for building it, I enjoy it a lot. 
LMAO, Perfect pick for your AntiFPL team. 
Cholevas is serving a game's ban, so you're playing McAuley effectively. 

Love your midfield. I wish I could afford 2 Liverpool mids. 
I am trebled up on Chelsea, so I guess that answers your WWYD question 
Mate, Please show yourself and your username some respect and get some Chelsea in. 
I guess that settles it then. 
Pedro hasn't started a single game with Willian being fit and available. 
That's my justification for tripling up on Chelsea with him. Can't afford Firmino or Mane, so I'm trying to get the most of the next most scoring team. Not a bias or anything LOL. Ridding myself of Walcott to get Pedro, same as you. 

My only apprehension is that he is a rotation risk, because Willian has consistently beat out every RW replacement we got, by upping his game for a couple of weeks when his position is under threat. Even yesterday he was only sent back because of being sick. 

Two week break, Pedro's going to rise, but it's also enough time for Willian to impress Conte and get his spot back. 
7.2 for a rotation risk though. 
What's going on with Martial? 
Have had him since GW1, glad he' back to 10.0 atleast
Talk to me about Pedro. I want to get him, but Willian might kill the vibe for me. 
I'm taking my downvote tablets for that regularly, thankyou for the concern
Thanks Sigmund Fraud. Guess I should avoid talking about what I like and want using my account on a subreddit that other enthusiasts frequent. 

Who are you pandering to, really? Google isn't here, your "average consumer" isn't here either.
LMAO his phrasing was much better than this comment TBH. 
I disagree there. The article tackles a very specific contextual question and the solution for that context should only take into consideration the data range where both scenarios have a non zero value, or rather a value available. 
That would be counter intuitive, IMO. You cannot compare Giroud to Vokes since they'll present the same average, but if you had to pick one today, you'd definitely go Giroud. 
You cannot limit stats to a few gameweeks in squawka comparison matrix I don't think.
I was hoping not to have to choose between Xposed and official CM. :(
Gundogan scored in GW5 too, in his first game. Perhaps it was done to make the transfers in/out and price delta more relevant.
Yeah, clearly has nothing to do with the fact that Gundogan didn't play a minute until GW5.
I saw that video too. 
My god this is worse than old people voting Brexit
Didn't Pep say both Yaya and Seluk had to apologise? Seluk is never going to apologise. Infact, he may already have rebuffed Yaya for daring to do so.
It's the Google Ultron.
Bought Collins just before he was dropped, bought Janmaat just before he was taken out by Valencia (?), bought Soare just before his car crash. 

Bought Capoue after he done fizzled out, Got rid of Rondon after a few blanks, just before he started scoring. Have had Hazard since GW1: don't know what to make of this one.
I think so too. Snapchat is shit on Android, Whatsapp is great because it is very lightweight and can work on the most modest of devices. It's going to lose its appeal so quick if it becomes bloated with features like this one. 
AYYYYY
Probably because he wasn't playing
Not on the Gundowaggon myself, but he's not a holding midfielder. His position is, at most, like a shuttler in a pivot. Fernandinho/Fernando is the holder, and they're playing a very weird formation, which does not allow for 2 DMs. He's not Capoue. 

I would certainly be interested if I hadn't got Allen. 
I read it as an addition to your comment. Not as a counter to it. 
Not used to people agreeing with you, are you? 
Don't know what to do with Walcott. Getting 7.8 for him and have 0.4 in the bank. There isn't a single decent option available to replace him with, and I'm 90pc sure he won't start the next game, and will fall to the depths of hell by the time we come back from the internationals.
 
MID: Allen, Hazard, Coutinho, Walcott

FWD: Costa, Aguero, Lukaku
Or ifCosta had burried that easiest chance he'll get all season.
Allen with a capital i. 

It's Jesus vs Alien. Paging Michael Bay for GW 11
Ox hasn't been his self this season though. Isn't Iwobi starting over him? 
Played 45 in the second to last Dev game, 60 in the last one. He'll be available for selection latest by December, but I'm not very hopeful of seeing him before January, and that too for truncated minutes. Best to put it on the back burner, unless Conte specifically says he's in. 
You should see Mikel John Obi playing for Nigeria
Make Firmino your main mino
Seriously. Ibra has a part to play in the raised prices of Grant and Heaton. 
No I understand. He was also immense under Mourinho's system the year we won the league, is my point. The system didn't change between his best and his worst season. Only his fitness levels did. 
Yeah, lets not ignore that Hazard was utter trash too, last season. There wasn't a system change between his best and his worst season. Only a diet change. 
There's an ongong meme about Rodgers calling Lallana a youngster, isn't there?
Do yourself a favor. Use protection. 
By Friend, he means girlfriend. 
Form v fixtures. Sterling has fixtures, Walcott has form. 
I am sort of an expert on this particular he, seeing as he is me. 
Fer/tinho = Fer, Firmino, Coutinho or Ronaldinho 
You mean 433 you moron
Y'all gonna be like I'ma cap Holebas and shit, but I can already see you changing it to Aguero low key half an hour before deadline. 
Fucking lawyered. 
I'mna play 442. 
Already done mate. Heard he's off to NYC on a free
I'd go 600 for the 5.5 if the storage is UFS. Not because it isn't worth more than what an iPhone costs, but because I don't need half the shit on there. 
Better Battery Stats

I have to jump through hoops and hoops to get the info I need. I discovered GSAM after I had already bought BetterBatteryStats but I haven't used it since I got GSAM. 
I love my phone too. I could keep my phone for a couple of years, seeing as the Oneplus One is still a workable device. 

But I'll pledge never to buy another OP if they pull this shit. I know I'll be the one losing out on great phones, and it won't make much of a difference to OP, but a man's gotta have a code. 
They'll probably do one this time around. OP3 sales will likely go down once the OP3T is out. So may need to clear out stock 
They cannot float either
I use a credit card to cut my snortgrass
You should probably add a factor of ten in there somewhere. He might lose 0.1, no way he's losing 1+
See, you can explain every little thing in some way or the other. The point is, whatever the reason may be, he was never rested or dropped because reasons, until last year. 

Now he is so there is a case to be made about him being a rotation risk, however weak that case may be, but you cannot say for certain that he is nailed on. 
Really. LOL? 
What's your profession? 
There's no contest there. Fullbacks will always be  suited to a wingback role. But OP's statement was about defenders playing OOP, not just Fullbacks. 

Defenders will, a vast majority of the time, play either wingback or DM, when they play as midfielders. OP seemed to suggest that wingbacks are a less promising proposition than the other kind, i.e. DMs. That's what I disagreed with. Wingbacks on an average will get more chances in attacking situations than DMs, and hence are better for FPL. 
Ake, like Blind, can play multiple positions. That's the whole point of it. Eddie Howe said he planned to use him as a DM, and I believe that was one of the major reasons he was loaned there.
We were here when we were shit. 


That'll be Freedom Cave to you, Mr. Obviously Not North American.

Allo is cross platform, isn't it
It's the most uncommon scenario there is. Look at Ake, David Luiz, Kurt Zouma, Daley Blind.  A vast majority of defenders who play in midfield play as DMs. 

Besides you're missing the point. OP said he'd have picked Holebas if he wasn't playing wingback. How many defenders can you name who are playing attacking midfield and not as wingbacks? It's usually the other way round. Milner, Valencia, Kenedy are all wide midfielders who play fullbacks. There's plenty more. But not many examples of fullbacks playing wide midfielders, not counting wingbacks. 
He's playing LWB.
Wasn't Traore the 8th fastest or something
I was an early Lukaku adopter, got him at 9. If I drop him now, I;d never be able to afford him again. Might wanna consider that if you bought him early too. 
Fuck me they underrate Chelsea.

that's very strange reasoning. 

Defenders usually play DM when they play OOP as a mid, A wingback has a much higher chance of getting an assist with their crosses than a DM ever will. 
I thought the dots being so thin/small made sure the test couldn't get away with using thick lines around actual areas of touches. I have now done the "screen touches" dev options thing on my phone and a friend's S6. I don't see any difference. 
Needs to be pointed out that The Daily Mail haven't alleged any wrongdoing. The money is all there, it's sitting in the Foundation's bank accounts, it just hasn't been used anywhere. 

Drogba will most probably countersue.
They're going for the iPhone model. 6, 6S... 3,3T..
Carl said in the XDA interview they wanted to be like Apple. 
Yeah I stutter, so ok Google doesn't work for me. Might as well get some battery saving out of it. It's a one time setup, thereafter it's a breeze. 

Hopefully you're not getting any wakelocks. As long as there aren't any massive wakelocks, you're getting the most you can out of your battery. 
http://forum.xda-developers.com/u/tasker-tips-tricks/guide-switch-to-2g-connected-to-wifi-t3330876

That's a tasker task that I used to use. Now I have remapped the alert slider positions to accomplish this. 
I honestly can't notice anything. I tried this app: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cp.stest

You got another test I should run? I'm very much interested in this. 
Still a better actor than Luke Cage
Would love to see that. 
Auto-switch to 2g when connected to Wifi, screen brightness: manual <=50, I don't use Google Now, cannot use Voice Search, Location is off until Uber etc request it, NFC off, BT on during travel to and from work. 

I use Dark Mode (stock OOS), Aggressive Doze in Greenify, Ghostpepper/GlassFish 1.2 governor on EX Kernel (still trying to decide which one suits me best)
Yeah, calling bullshit on this. 
I get [6h+ easily](https://i.sli.mg/n9bSbM.png) on m my OP3. 
Nobody should be content with less than that IMO
That is exactly what needs to be fixed.
> I go take a shower, make some breakfast and by the time im back it already charged 30%.

Are you Barry Allen, because I'd say shower to breakfast should take about an hour, and I get over 80percent in an hour. 
> **my private instrument** instructor

( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)

I am not so sure. People might forget to unlink SMS, and they can collect carrier charges unknowingly when the recipient doesn't have data connectivity. 

Could get ugly real quick.
The 4.4 mids dropping points to a potential shift to 352 as the preferred formation. Why would someone waste a transfer on bench riders, except to upgrade them. 
We had plenty of plan Bs and Plan Cs in our title winning seasons, we went 3 at the back chasing a goal, and it almost always worked. I wouldn't say he was rigid when he came back from Madrid. Even this weekend he switched to a 442 in the second half. 
\Without European football and a world class squad, we better do better than 4th. 
How's that different from rapist porn? I would expect both the rapist and the rapee get equal screen time 
Yes it may be disabled for Project Fi.

I have it under Settings>Cellular networks>Preferred Network Type. You [can do it via Tasker](http://forum.xda-developers.com/u/tasker-tips-tricks/guide-switch-to-2g-connected-to-wifi-t3330876), I have a notification alert slider that I have mapped to achieve this. 
That's exactly how I did it. I had a shitload of apps, so one by one isn't really feasible for me, although it is the ideal starting point. What I did was, divide my Titanium Backup apps into 5 lots.. 10 or so apps each, ranked in their order of importance. I'd install the first ten, and open them all once, then give the phone an hour or so to settle down. If there weren't any wakelocks, I'd know it wasn't one of those ten. Process of elimination helps,narrowing it down to ten apps at a time is the fastest way I thought. 

For me it was easy with a rogue xposed module. It was causing a process called com.xperia.something on my phone and obviously it was jarring to see on a non Sony phone. But I didn't know what app was causing it. So I kept installing ten apps at a time, until I saw that process pop up in the stats. 
I'm not saying anything of the sort. In my example, I said I don't use that app much, I just installed it to see what it's all about and forgot about it. If you asked me on that day, I would confidently say, yeah I don't use shitty apps, when there would be one hiding on my phone at that exact time. It just happens. 

I was ranting all day long on Oneplus forums because one time me installing a shitty xposed module coincided with an OOS update. I was so fucking sure it was Oneplus' fault when in fact it was just that one bad module. It's easy to post blame to "Android OS"  and "Android System" because that's what it shows in the battery graphs, and dare I say it comes naturally. I'm not saying it happens a 100% of the time, I'm just saying you'd be surprised how far a little mindfulness goes. That's all. 

I don't work for Google, I am not an early Android adopter even. I came from Blackberry when Kitkat came out. I have no allegiance to any OS. I like certain parts of the iOS UI and it is evident from the way my Stock Android OS is setup. So please don't tell me I'm giving Google anything more than it deserves, and I'm certainly not giving it an easy way out. 
Maybe then, that an app is not yet compatible with N, or has been forced to comply in an unorganic way, so that it works, but ideally needs to be reworked. 

I don't know, I'm just spitballing here.
I don't know. I am thinking it might not be practical. People might deny permissions and then scream bloody murder at the developer for some parts of the app not working. Imagine running an FTP server on your phone all day long and then seeing it keeps your phone in a wakelock, then denying it background permissions because it sucks too much battery, and then leaving the app 1 star because it's "a waste of download. It doesn't work." I don't have to tell you how many apps get a bad rap from idiots who install root apps on unrooted phones and then leave a bad review. It hurts development and hurts developers and the platform. 
Rogue apps are different though. They are badly coded apps that force wakelocks when not needed. 
Not getting into an iOS v Android features debate, this is pretty well documented, and I know it only goes in circles. 
One I can live with, given that I would lose a lot of functionality I am thankful for if my only other option was to accept Apple's "solution" to the problem. YMMV.
> Then why is it so hard to pinpoint the apps?

It's really not as hard as it is made out to be, it's just time consuming for the first time, since you are diving in into an already existing setup with a lot of apps . GSAM Battery Monitor should be your first step, though. 

>I don't recall ever needing to install 3rd party apps to identify rogue apps on my iOS devices.

That's mostly because there aren't any rogue apps on iOS, not because iOS does a good job of identifying them. 


I don't remember having energy stats on Windows Mobile. Haven't tried Mac on a phone yet. Android is Linux, Ubuntu is Linux, and I can tell you Android has the better tools for reporting energy consumption. 

>iOs has decent stats too

Now I know you're not serious.  
Wouldn't really call it a failure unless some other OS has found a way to implement it, and Android's lagging behind. 

There's GSAM Monitor's App Sucker tab that comes very close, Betterbatterystats has a raw usage page that lets you pinpoint these things. 
i don't deny that. Like I said, you'd lose a lot of the functionality if Google took it upon themselves to enforce Apple-esque conditions on what Apps can get in. I think it's a part of the charm of Android, that developers are welcomed into the ecosystem, hacking away at any feature you can think of. 

But definitely I do agree, that's only a small part of the audience that prioritises features over stability/battery. This is definitely a trade off and hence the phrase "No OS is perfect", and you're free to choose a different OS, if that suits your needs more, until Android gets to a passable middle ground that pleases both sets of users.
What I do is, auto-switch to 2G when I'm connected to WiFi. only when I get out of the house and lose WiFi, does it switch to LTE.  That helps me with my standby drain. Maybe you could look into that. Just a suggestion. 
There's AICP and Tesla. You lose Xposed though.
EDIT: Tesla is AOSP, AICP is CM based.
Most of the time it is a rogue app. I was consistently getting 6h SoT without breaking the Battery below 15 percent notification since I got my new phone. 

But I installed a well known app (App locker), and since I wasn't using it much, I forgot about it. Two days into it, I noticed Android OS and Android System consuming more battery than my screen, which was weird for me, since I know my own phone's usage. So I retraced my steps from the last couple of days, and found that it was the App Locker app that was the culprit, and not really Android OS or Android system. Now I'm back to good SoT times (for my particular usage) after I uninstalled the app.

I know it takes a while, but with great power (of 3rd party features) comes great responsibility (to actively weed out bad apps)
They didn't mention all the apps, there's Signal that has SMS fallback. But it's a very barebones service, didn't even take off after being endorsed by the world's cyber security experts. Wish it adds functionality, since most other secure messaging applications are using their protocol in better apps, without giving a fuck about SMS fallback
This is also true for anywhere that moved on from SMS a decade ago.
Unibody by definition cannot have more than one piece that makes up the outer shell. There is a massive amount of liberty taken with that word, so much so that every metal phone is being called unibody. 
My feelings dictate how much they earn. Especially for a company like Oneplus who use word of mouth as their primary marketing strategy. What rumors like this have done is led to order cancellations, it's evident from the /r/oneplus discussions. 

Plus, most of Oneplus' customers are tech savvy, so you can't even say that xda and /r/Android aren't indicative of general perception around their brand image. 
Why is this shocking? Every company makes better devices after they release one. They don't fuck their existing customers over by releasing it less than half an year after the first one though. They have absolutely no obligation to release anything before Q2 next fiscal. Keep working on it until then, make it better and release a Oneplus 4
That's why we're calling them the Suarez award, the Messi award, and the Griezmann award.
It was such a mixed bag performance.. One impeccably timed tackle, just before conceding a penalty on a badly timed one. He's back!!
it's more about the new role he played last game, dropping deeper, making chances for 'Nacho that has me worried. Add that to Pep's natural dislike for using proper STs when the going gets tough (which it has, now) a 13m FWD on the bench is a luxury I cannot afford. 

And I'm sure others who play 343 can't either, since their 5th mid would be someone cheap.. like Fletcher or someone. It'd be very entertaining to see the reaction on this sub if Aguero blanks against United midweek, or doesn't start. It'd be pandemonium. 
The settings dial in the camera app's manual mode isn't centered, and hence, not aligned with the selection indicator.
Thanks. Reading that, I was equal parts excited because I thought it was surely Nougat, and equal parts scared because XDA's ed-note made it sound like it was another "exciting" (read: attrocious) feature like Aggressive Doze that kills my notifications.
If you see the Part 2 redaction, it is preceeded with Carl saying "Wait when does this go out again, oh okay, I guess it's okay to talk about it" for a previous question. 

Seems like Carl told XDA something in good faith, but it's ears-only, so XDA ethically won't release it until a mutually agreed upon time.
Because Carl said "We think it's disrespectful to early adopters, if we lower the prices within the first year". And I think practically speaking this is a similar issue.

I haven't gone below 6 hours SoT since 3.2.4. But I don't game much, if any, and I'm usually in good signal coverage area. 
Carl didn't say they didn't care about marketing. They obviously do. What he said was that they don't allow marketing to influence design decisions. Marketing teams sell whatever the design team comes up with. 
I bought one on launch day and I'm pissed too. Whatever happened to "We think it's disrespectful to our early adopters, if we lower prices" This is practically the same thing.
Can you drop a hint about the redaction in Part 2.. I mean what you personally make of it? 
I want him, but I can't afford him with my Aguero Lukaku Costa frontline. Wondering if I should drop Aguero to overhaul my shitty defense
I want him, but I can't afford him with my Aguero Lukaku Costa frontline. Wondering if I should drop Aguero to overhaul my shitty defense
Conte said he had only had two training sessions with the team since his arrival. Im thinking lack of match fitness. 
Have you tried pressing and holding a suggestion you never want to appear? I don't know about Google Keyboard, but I can choose to "Never predict this word again"  with SwiftKey 
Willian was on compassionate leave, alongwith Oscar. Willian lost his mum to cancer this past week and was in Brazil. He's back now, and will be first choice again. 
Willian's back. Pedro won't be getting much game time now.
Do you have sRGB enabled? That's the only way I can explain you seeing a "yellow tint" on an OLED screen
Not really, if you don't have on-screen buttons, or any other UI elements constantly displaying the same thing on the screen all the time, it won't burn in. 
Oh gotcha. 

So how does that work on the newer iPhones that don't have a clickable button? I ask because I'm wondering if there's a way to differentiate the two actions to add functionality since the OP3 also has a non clickable button. 

Unless you can force touch the button too or something
I thought double tap was to bring up the background apps page?
Yeah I love it. Too bad it's incompatible with Oxygen OS after Build 590-odd. I haven't been able to get the latest features, but I still use it.
Glad it's working out for you. I'm on Stock OOS 3.2.6 with EX Kernel, running GhostPepper's governor, and I once got 9h36m SoT I took screenshots that day LOL. I have also gotten 8h SoT a lot of the time, but I'm no gamer.
I actively get around 6h easy, alongwith great performance from this setup. 
This is the video I need, or even a picture. Think you could ask around if anyone got one? i'd love it.
Wingback is not really a defender. He's more Moses than Holebas
I don't think Sultan's fork is worth the loss in camera quality (I know SultanCM users say it's negligible, but it's really doesn't compare to OOS)
Besides, until there's active development from the Oxygen team, there really is no reason to switch out of rooted Stock. It's a very good piece of software.
Not excited about N at all, not yet anyway. Looks like Xposed development has stalled, and I really don't want to have to choose between N and all the modules I'd have to give up. Not to mention, I already have all the fancy UI changes I want from N with N-ify.
Sly dig at JerryRigEverything doing his thing. Fuck you PocketNow.
Was a threat throughout the game, always hovering around the box, should have had a couple of goals, one cross from Tadic where he was a fraction of a second late comes to mind.
flair up
The way Chelsea are playing, there's a clear demarcation of passing lanes verticaly through the field. The left field is Matic-Hazard, Matic-Costa. Alonso-Hazard. He's the most likely assist to Hazard's goals. This is a very different role from last 2 seasons. 

Moses is a very good shout, as he's playing wingback, but Willian comes back next gameweek, and we all know how indecisive he is in the final third, it can get frustrating. If I had to choose one between Moses and Matic rn, it'd be Matic, just because he's feeding to Hazard, and Moses is feeding to Wilian. Moses might get goals of his own though, but I believe Matic is cheaper, and def. worth the five mil. 
Well I am one of those who has always defended him, even delusionally last season. He started gaining back form in the last couple of matches last season, right around the time Hazard picked up form. He was just overshadowed by Kante's arrival methinks, and then when we had a shit September, everybody wanted a scapegoat. Ivanovic wasn't playing, so Matic it was. I love that he's getting the recognition he deserves, finally. He's a very versatile player, and just like Kante, puts his head down and works very very hard. 

/Apologies for whatever this was. LOL. I guess I just needed to vent. 
All his yellows have been dumb. Barring one maybe. 
He'd rather not get deliberately more because at 10 yellows it'll be a two game suspension. 
So like I bought someone at 10.0, and he's now at 9.8. 
Now I'll get 9.8 if I sell him. If he rises to 10.0 again, would I get 9.9 or 10.0?
His form is only getting better with each passing game, what are you even saying?
It would be weird, since OIS makes the camera lens "float", and hence the gyro readings for stabilization correction would be incorrect. 
McAuley gets autosubbed in.  
If the first bench defender is the first player on the bench, yes. 

If there's a MID/FWD before the defender on the bench, and you're starting 4 defenders, no. 
I mean clickbaits usually have /some/ content hidden in the page, it's just that it's pretty underwhelming most of the time. 
Then we'd be downvoting him for a clickbait headline
Good job not picking a side
Honestly cannot think of a better phrasing myself. Not capitalizing paranoid was a good move. 

Maybe "For the more paranoid of our Android users..."
I am giving Antonio one last GW, before I switch him out for Allen. Might as well captain him.
I cringe when I see comments like these from people who appear to never even have tried the feature they're dissing. 
I have both the phones you mentioned in your comment, and the difference is clear as day to me. It's also the better processor on the OP, but I can't remember the last time an app I frequently used reloaded while multitasking on the OP.  So people don't "keep falling for this shit". The 6GB RAM is not a gimmick. 
Low ISO, high shutter speed
Damn boy you're defining a new level of delusion today.
When mommy and daddy love each other very much, and it's the daddy's birthday...
Alive on Arrival, finally
They update EUI which is as far from AOSP as far can be, OP is very close to AOSP, which makes development much easier (and quicker) on it. All OP phones have Nougat via the community already. 

I used the LeEco Le1s, bought it on launch day. The build quality was shit (shittier than a 200 dollar phone is expected to be) One side was curved a different arc radius than the other I kid you not. Sold it on ebay within 2 days. Still shudder at the thought of it all. Snapdragon processor on this one gives me more hope for the phone (and development), but nope I'll never buy Le again. They are cutting corners wrongly to achieve that price tag, pun fully intended. OP is a masterclass is build quality too.
> And remember to tune in on Wednesday


So can I just type shit out in the QS tile and share it to Keep?  Wonder if this would be better than having a Keep widget
Same here. And I think this is one of the main reasons why the number of people  clamoring for their Non Nexus OEMs to release Nougat already, is still manageable. 
Xposed is different from root access. 
No you haven't 
Dibs on the movie rights 
Yeah, it was fixed the first week of its launch. 
>25,000k+ 

I haven't checked the link, but no way Reddit donated 25 million dollars to this.
I didn't even know you could connect to two different devices at the same time via BT, until now. I'll try it out later today
Install Wakelock Detector and GSAM Battery Monitor. Run it for a couple of hours, see what's causing the wakelock, uninstall/greenify that app.
I use Piktures
Betmob does this, but it's not very polished. It's by the same guys that made Fotmob, hands down the best football app
There's no xposed for Nougat yet. It'll be tough for me to make that switch until then.
I think root is still very much required. Custom ROMs on the other hand, maybe not so much. Especially if your phone already comes with  a nearly stock ROM
I doubt the screen protectors will be any better. It's physically impossible I think. I used to go for Tempered glass only because they had better oleophobic coatings and provided better protection for scratches,not to guard against drops. On my OP3, I don't have the choice of a decent tempered glass, so the screen protectors are my only option. 
I try to, but usually I don't remember until it's too late.
Usually two, when not on a ranch.
I don't. AMA.
I don't drop my phone more than a couple of times a month. But I need good protection from keys and coin scratches
There is no perfect implementation of tempered glass even for the small curved edges of 2.5D Gorilla glass on my OP3. I think this would suffer from the same problem, but to a bigger extent
And you cannot use a tempered glass on it. Mini heart attacks every few minutes handling this phone
No, OP used it correctly
I don't understand how giving the user unrestricted access to the platform could possibly make them feel like a child. There is no question that iOS is very well optimized for the one device that it is usable on, and Android hasn't really been able to do that out of the box to Apple's level, but that doesn't change the fact that Apple expects you to use your phone how they tell you. Great that it works flawlessly (it doesn't in many cases), but it also has multiple restrictions to what you can and cannot do. That makes you feel more like a child than Android's approach, I think.  

To me it's about choice. Android gives you the choice between tinkerability and practical usage. There are phones that offer premium build quality and works-out-of-the-box option to the level Android would allow. Apple on the other hand would rather expect you to live without a feature which they believe even one user could possibly misuse unknowingly. Pixel is trying to bridge that divide from Android's end by making hardware to suit their own software like Apple does, while there hasn't been much advancements to bridge that gap from Apple's end beside the addition of cards and widgets etc.

Just personal opinion.
While it has one of the most accurate displays on a phone available right now, it is very low res. That is not a hindrance generally, but in an age when most flagship phones are rocking quad HD displays, 1080p feels inadequate. This also rules out any decent VR applications of the phone.

There are better low light video cameras available in the  6p and other flagships. While it is not the worst camera on a phone, the OIS during low light video recording is not up to the mark and despite the high bitrate there can be visible artifacts when moving the camera in video capture mode.

Apart from that, in some areas it can take very long to be delivered.
I have only used a one plus one for about a week, and that was a couple of years ago, so i cannot really compare the two. But the OnePlus three is nothing less than a proper flagship phone. The updates have been well planned, the company is listening to the users, and personally speaking, i think the customer service complaints are only because no one documents a normal or a good experience, but the negative experiences are more likely to be shared online which skews perception.

I have had amazing battery life, some amazin camera shots from this phone and I couldn't be happier. It's a true successor to the N5, in my opinion. The fingerprint sensor is best in class. The hardware is top notch, the build quality is superb. Hard to overlook this phone even if you're open to spending S7 level money on a phone right now.
Well I was talking about unlocked phones basically. Having used both, the Samsung S and N series definitely aren't the tinkerers devices, but if you want a phone that's good out of the box, i think you could do a lot worse than the Galaxies S and N. No bloatware versions at least
From Anandtech's second review:
> To say that OnePlus's new sRGB mode provides a substantial improvement in display accuracy would be an understatement. The display has gone from being the most inaccurate display that I've seen in years, to being among the most accurate displays that we have on record. Gone is the ghastly blue shift, and even in the standard display mode OnePlus has toned that down significantly. The gamut matches sRGB very well, and both greyscale and color reproduction is right on target.
See again, Android gives you that choice. Want a phone that just works? Get the Pixel, or the top of the line Samsung. Want a phone you can tweak and have total control over, get a Nexus, or the top of the line Oneplus. 

Either way, Google won't tell you how to use your phone: be it like a toy or like a tool. 
Just to be clear, it's not a slight on NinType, but on iOS. iOS isn't known to half-ass their features, but they absolutely did with the keyboards. I used Nintype on a 6s a few months ago and a lot of time it was unstable, crashed and wouldn't launch when called. No such issues with Android (although lately it's started crashing a lot too, when my custom words dictionary size got big). 

Thanks for the Keymonk rec, i'll definitely give it a shot. 
That's the point. Just because you rarely use something, doesn't mean everyone uses it rarely. Android is about choice, you can have shit you like and you can delete shit you don't like. You're not told how you're supposed to use a phone you bought. 
There's a ton of stuff that's been discussed in this thread. You can go through it. 

For me: Icon/Folder/General OS management. Snapshot backups, ability to install 3rd party apps, or revert to older versions of apps that lose/add features I like/don't like, Ability to have a different UI experience, right from complete overhaul to a slight theme change, not having the requirement to be locked into an ecosystem: You want to stream content at a friend's place who likes  different ecosystem than yours? you're SoL. You use Chrome as a default browser on your computer? Firefox? Sorry, but you're stuck with Safari. You can have Chrome on there, but your default will always be Safari. 

I could go on forever. But compare this to Android. I absolutely love the iOS style Status/notification bar. Cool, Here you go: You can have it on Android too. No biggie. Try doing the reverse on an iPhone. 

> I want a phone that treats me like a grown up.

Cannot emphasise this enough, really. 
That's the point, you can't. Apple lets you buy their phone but reserves the right to tell you how to use it. 
I use Nintype on Android (it's an iOS keyboard that works better on Android) and I can drag across the spacebar as a cursor. Everything you can do on iOS, you can do om Android. But it's not true the other way round, except for iMessage. (Even for that you have Signal, but the super low adoption rate and consequently lack of development makes it not a viable alternative). 
That's my point. iMessage offers seamless integration like no other app beside Signal. And Signal is miles behind in development. People will happily pay for a complete messaging service like iMessage if it were cross platform 
This is less about learning curve and more about customizability. There is only one way you can do shit on the iPhone. You don't like it, too bad, that's how you have to do it anyway. 

I am too old to have to compromise on stuff like that. 
This is just wrong. The stock ROM is being updated faster than official CM
Americans, because SMS
This is exactly it. But its just the tip of the iceberg. The girlfriend got a 6s before I bought my oneplus 3,and I had half a mind to switch to the iPhone myself. Half a day setting it up for her and I was pulling my hair out. It's impossible to interact intuitively with their software. Half the things I want to do are impossible on the iPhone even in this day and age. 

I am so glad I had the opportunity to check out the iPhone hands on just at the time I was going to make a decision after being disappointed with the Android phones in general. 
Could have sworn it was in the main review. Cannot find it now. My bad. I'll keep looking and see if I can find where I read it. GSMArena's review isn't very favorable, which is surprising. 
Anandtech's reviews put it at one of the better ones out there right now. Not V20 level, ofcourse, but certainly one of the best among flagships
Anybody else read this as SelfLove.Apple?
So glad I made the switch to Oneplus really. It's the logical successor to the N5
I don't understand. How is it "uni"body if I can remove a part of it to get to the battery?
This is awkward... AP just put out an article and [a video](https://youtu.be/GUhdKA-PhSw) saying N6 has got official Nougat
Pick one?  CM or AOSP? 
We say the same thing about Chelsea over at our forums. I'm sure many other teams' fans say the same about their teams too.
[He did](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MdpB506_IKc)
But AFAIK, Google Play Services isn't open source.
I have the physical button on my OP3. I have remapped it to LTE/Wifi/2G, I use it so little. But that's just my personal usage. 
On Marshmallow, when I get a call, pressing the vol- mutes the ringer for that particular call, if I press and hold it again, it mutes the ringer  completely. 
I haven't had the OP1/2, but friends who have used them say it's a pretty good replacement. I use a sandstone case too, exactly for the same reason that I'm scared I'll drop the phone, but I love the unibody too.

You can have a sandstone back cover, but you cannot have a unibody metal. Feels like OP3 got the best of both worlds.
You cannot get an accurate af picture ofcourse, but right now, charge cycle and average SoT over a few weeks will give you the best idea of a phone's battery. 

If you ask me about the OP3, I can say "I am usually in good coverage, 50% brightness, don't game but watch a lot of soccer gfys, and my phone lasts 1d 6.4hrs per cycle, with approx. 6-8hrs of SoT, so you can probably guess what it'd be like with your usage" and that should be an acceptable response to just about anybody. 

Unless you're suggesting we stop talking about battery performance altogether, this is the best we've got. 
Doesn't pressing and holding vol- essentially work exactly like that?
The sandstone back cover isn't half bad. 
GravityBox can do that for you if you have Xposed
That app would have to patch /system in recovery mode.
Average over a few weeks, you'll pretty much cover all kinds of days. 
I know plenty of Americans with less than perfect English. A lot of your post centers around the language used by the company, and while I appreciate the detective work, I don't really buy that as a valid evidence of anything substantial. 

Content writing is also being outsourced as frequently as other jobs that don't require a physical presence onsite
Many big firms have ethical clauses in their contracts with the contractors to make sure they don't fuck with their employees. Speaking from personal experience, my company withholds payment if our contractor's subcontractor comes to us saying he wasn't paid for last month. 
He's basically saying they have lower overheads than other OEMs. 

I agree, if the OP4 has water-resistance and a dual camera for $500-550ish, it'll sell just as much if not more. If it goes up to, say 700 odd, it'll be a tough choice between them and the flagships they're trying to kill, and a choice between customization and customer service. Like you said , the power:cost ratio is amazing with OP3, which makes it a natural successor to the N5 for someone like me. 
I'm not panicking. I don't even want Nougat, I want my Xposed modules, so until there is Xposed implementation, AND all of my modules ported, I;m happily staying on Xposed+N-ify. 

I'm just saying that proper communication has always been an area of concern for Oneplus, and I don't understand why that is. 
Again, it'll be better than what we have now.
You should look at working on better screen guards, they cost less and work for most use cases which is keys and coins in the pocket. 
They don't have to give out a concrete date. Just say "we're trying our best to have N out by December, but don't hold us to it" Watch the rants go down by quite a lot until December atleast.
Are you saying you cannot guarantee competition beating prices as you would grow?
You talk like this response would make it better. 
I won't call screen cropping, and thereby reducing usable surface area of the phone screen as having passed any decent quality control, but I'm just a user, not a QA personnel. 
Well, him and Andreas Christensen. 
Fight yourself now.
They'll love you over at xda
[Fuck No!!](http://i.imgur.com/iTvnGZw.jpg)
Waddup G
I am on 6.0.1 on a OnePlus 3 and don’t have this bug, sorry. 

The only bug I have (and it’s a big one) is that  my keyboard randomly restarts after every word, once the dictionary gets big enough. And I have to reinstall the keyboard and make it learn all my words again.
Seconded.
And John Joe Hart
I tried with a CAF browser: TugaBrowser, OnePlus 3 [OOS 3.2.4, EX]: [67 points](https://i.sli.mg/7BIyaU.png).
He literally said "It's my fault, ofcourse" in the post match.
 
GTFO, funny man.
Here's another, if you'd like to take a look please.
https://paste.ee/p/0b7WA
Why won't Stones start? He played yesterday, he's got enough time to recover.
It took a long time to crash this time, but it did again. 
one of the crashes happens at line 2906.
[logcat](https://paste.ee/p/RWNzZ)
Did that, it crashed/restarted right away, and didn't ave a problem for a few more minutes, then back to square 1. 

This is a relatively new problem, but I can't think of any major changes to my system that may have triggered it. Maybe /u/underthesun could have a look at it and help me out.
Update: 
The cache is now at 28KB and it's started crashing just as frequently again. 

Sounds like it was just placebo
The cache was only 100KB, cleared it. 

Hasn't crashed for a couple of minutes now. Nice!
I don't want to clear data, because I fear that will just remove all the words Nintype has learnt over the last couple of months. 
Clearing cache should be safe though, I'll try it now.
No, but it's most pronounced in messaging apps. 
Come to think of it, that's where we do most of our typing anyway, so it was kinda obvious.
Further details: Most messaging apps are affected. The multiple restarts are most pronounced in Telegram. 

I am running a 
Oneplus 3 with over 2 GB of RAM available at any time, Marshmallow 6.0.1 based Oxygen OS (Nearly vanilla AOSP for those unaware)
I use Telegram. It has a web client, a desktop client, and ofcourse mobile clients.

But like I said in another comment, the only way to improve an amazing service like signal is to encourage it’s adoption.
Yes, it has both a [chrome app](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/signal-private-messenger/bikioccmkafdpakkkcpdbppfkghcmihk/related?hl=en) and a web client. 
What other aspects? Also, the point is "closest" to iMessage, not literally iMessage. iMessage has had half a decade of active development and 100% adoption from their target audience. 
Adoption tends to bring features. Signal is quite a few times better than the earliest iMessage clients. 

It also does Delivery reports for SMS, which I believe is all that iMessage does too, for SMS (Haven't used iMessage in a while, correct me if I'm wrong on this one)
Signal supports SMS, and iMessage also requires iMessage at both ends.
.inf files are usually drivers.


You go to your device manager screen, right click on the USB port showing your connected phone (in fastboot download mode ofcourse) and choose properties>update driver>browse to your android_winusb.inf file and update the driver. 


Isn't Signal, the closest thing to iMessage right now?
That's the limit not having root access poses to your options. 

The only way around this, that I know of,  is via root and it is not pretty, but here goes: 

1. Root Phone (Go to your phone specific xda forum, and check the development thread for root methods, or maybe youtube search it)

2. Install Lucky Patcher (it used to work without Xposed back in the day, but if it doesn't any more, then you'll have to install Xposed too, which is another tutorial on its own)

3. Move "unmovable apps" to SD Card.

4. Enjoy. But keep in mind that Lucky Patcher, while being a very powerful app, is an ugly app. It will eat into your battery, so I would recommend disabling it outright, and only enabling it when you need to use it again. I don't like recommending it, but if there's one thing I dislike more, it is not having enough storage space.
I'll go Route 1, but I'd get the latest AOSP ROM available for my phone instead of CM
I have found that it is usually the weight of the phone, a high screen to body ratio, and a high height to width ratio that makes a phone easier to use one handed. 

That's my personal experience, and it goes against your observation of a 6P being easier for you to handle one handed than an S7, so make of it what you will
You should check out the relevant xda forum for your device. Try to avoid apps like KingRoot etc, that allow auto-root, because they come with wares that may be ransomware or atleast bloatware. 

If they only reason you're rooting is to move apps to the SD Card, I think apps like AppMgr may help you out, and I don't think they require root if you're on MM.

Moving apps to the SD Card makes them a bit less responsive, but no functionality is lost. 
I don't think Giroud is anywhere near worth his 9.0 price tag, not until he goes on one of his scoring streaks. And Lukaku is a striker you need to have in your team for the entire 38 weeks to justify him. He will score 15-20 goals a season, but with zero consistency. 
Mahrez+Gray/Negredo or Barkley+Benteke? 

Already have Townsend. 
Shaw gets inside the box quite often, but Valencia is the better crosser (assists)

I have gone with Shaw.
Gray-> Benteke/Rondon/Negredo?
Count me in.
had a really awful start to the season. And after somehow getting a respectable score in GW1 and absolutely tanking in all my leagues, i have decided to use the wildcard. 

Rate My [Team](https://i.sli.mg/mc6CrJ.png) and suggestions please
Rondon/Benteke/Gray?
I'm curious. What does Chrome offer that a Chromium fork doesn't?
N5 too. 
You could always have it inside the camera, like the OnePlus 3 has done. Aluminium body, NFC enabled. 
There's plenty of hipsters that support Spurs
Chief Evangelism Officer
Can confirm. Installing fine for me. But that's all it does. The call screen won't show up although calls are being made alright, I can hear the other person, just cannot end the call/use speakerphone, because no call screen. 

Steps: 

1. Plonk the downloaded apk to /system/app
2. Backup and Freeze Phone 2.x from Titanium Backup
3. Reboot phone
4. Thank heavens for taking a backup of Phone 2.x
5. Remove Phone 4.x, reinstall Phone 2.x

EDIT: So the restore didn't complete for some reason, tried it a few times. I just dirty flashed the ROM again, and got Phone 2.x back. Phew.
n7 player. AMAZING.
> best battery charging game app i have ever installed.
> I'm getting old.

A more reasonable explanation is that Android is coming of age.
If you're including Moto, include Oneplus 3
It should say devices not having an unlockable bootloader. Oneplus 3 is non Nexus, but has an unlockable bootloader.
I never denied that though. There are issues with everything. You just chose the wrong example in OnePlus, because they are one of the most dev friendly devices out there right now. 
Again, that's a gross misrepresentation of the issue. All 6 gigs were available, they just, for some reason, capped the number of recent apps to keep in memory.

For example, if 10 apps needed 6 gigs of RAM, they'd have it, but if 11 apps needed 2GB in total, only the last 10 shall get whatever they needed. 
Maybe it's because you aren't up to date on Oneplus before you "reasonably hate" it. The RAM management "issue" on the OP3 was fixed literally the next day. And had an official patch the week of the device's release. 
Crop it to 16:9 first. Save that image. 

Now apply it to both the Lockscreen and the home screen.
> I've had a few phones (**testing them is my day job** so you can imagine)

From OP's reply to another comment
 ¯(°_o)/¯\


Can anyone please confirm if the camera is capable of 240fps slow motion video? Thankyou
I'm not sure. I thought N was 7.0? 
And anyway, OOS cannot release with the latest version at basically the same time as AOSP
Most likely a typo. SHould be 6.0.1
Right, I wasn't aware the Barca match was at Wembley.
May be fake then. Or maybe these games will be postponed?
I don't know what you're scared of. Klopp and Pep should be you guys' most entertaining matches of the year. And even if you don't do well in those two, Arsenal's basically 3 points in the bag. I'd block out that month on your and your friends' calendars.
You have Jose now, he thrives on this. :(
I'm sure they could, but this hasn't gotten enough traction I don't think
Holy shit I had forgotten you guys had a worse PL than the Chels. 
Also it's pretty fucked up  (for me personally) that I've gained some respect for Rafa. What a season. But no more, please.

You must be new on the internet :P
Just gotta confirm with the Sky overlords first.
Not the most official looking list, but no obvious errors (Teams located nearby each other playing home games on the same day etc.) on first glance. 

See if you can find any. 
LMAOREKT
If you're being that technical, the Club World Cup isn't a European competition.
Too soon. Need to wait until he has a career threatening injury, or is over his prime.
David Lui..wait :(
So it went to the US before coming 'round to the UK?
All of these are young players, I agree about Aina but both Baba and Kenedy are young enough and have shown good work at LB. Buying an LB right now, who will essentially be a backup to Azpi will stunt a whole lot of players' growth at Chelsea, and we risk another season like the one we just had. 
Azpi's been a leftback for a long time now. That's why I said in my earlier comment that he has to be considered a leftback. (There's reason behind him being more successful at LB: Wingers have to cut into his stronger foot when he's playing LB).

Also, Baba was one of the best LBs in the BundesLiga last year (2014/15). Ake has proved his worth at LB this season, and he hasn't played at CM since the Rafa days. Kenedy has been played at LB by both Jose and Guus.. I'd say all these are ready to play LB in Azpi's absence depending upon the opposition we're facing. 

The only one in that list who's more not-an-LB in that list is Aina, and he's still played a decent amount at LB this season. 
Azpi, Baba, Kenedy, Ake. And this is not counting the LBs from back to back UYL champion teams: Jay Da Silva, even Ola Aina.
We have a fuckton of AMs.  And a fuckton of LBs. We need a proper RB (Azpi is a LB now, accept it), we don't need a CM even, but I want one if it's Radja or dare I say pogba. CB is a must. 
https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/4i5zh6/alvaro_arbeloa_will_play_his_last_home_game_for/
All of their players = Diego Costa. 

Filipe didn't play any part in the 14-15 league campaign, not anything appreciable anyway. And Thibaut was recalled from loan. 
Ashley Cole
Ceiling.
Ceiling of the mouth, not the roof.
LOL I quite like that we're hated across the board. Every story needs a villain, and villains enjoy throughout the whole film while the heroes sulk and agonise until the final scene. I'll take that distribution of happiness any day. 
We beat 'em on penalties. Luck only carries you so far. 
Almost as funny even the hundredth time, Luis. Can we get an answer though?
The awkwardness is spot on though
He hardly played for Chelsea though, and he could have been the defining impact (with his leadership skills too that Chelsea have clearly lacked this season) and save the season for us, but he left. 
Filipe Luis. He moved at the perfect time twice. To and From Chelsea. 
Definitely, We made fun of the City-PSG second leg, but considering the absent personnel for both teams, it wasn't all that bad. 
LOL I just wrote it like that because of the home-away thing, with the aggregate showing the home team in the second leg first. 

I just hope it doesn't come down to their last game to win the league. I wouldn't want Chelsea to lose and I wouldn't want Chelsea to be the assholes who stopped a great run. We're assholes for a lot of other things I can take, but this'd be just a bit too much. Also, that would mean Arsenal or Spurs win it which makes it all the worse. Spurs/Arsenal please fuck up long before the last gameday.
Only two more months until that comment stops working, couldn't be happier.
Hope not. Anywhere but the EPL :( :(
You can always buy stuff under that shell companies name and the shell company can then give it to you to use for free. 
I understood that part. What I fail to understand is what rights are we talking about being violated here. If it's the right to privacy, then I'd argue that there's no reasonable expectation of privacy at a public place.
Yeah but if you don't want something revealed, you won't go about parading it in crowded streets, now would you? Is this not akin to "Your rubbish, if sitting beyond your property lines, is public property"?
How do you expect privacy on a crowded street or at the Shibuya crossing?
+1 downloading now. thx.
Make sure you get the international version of the 6P
You can flash a CM ROM, and not flash any Gapps. That way you can sideload the Google Apps you need instead of all of them. 
https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/4br55h/british_man_asked_a_muslim_woman_on_the_street/
I thought the 6P had a pretty good camera?
Has Moto released sources for its fingerprint reader? Or does it come with AOSP stock?

I'm sorry I haven't ever used a Moto device. Always been on a Nexus.
Personal preferences, I guess. I think the 6P looks like a cheap bumper job done on an already ugly car.
Do I have a choice beyond the ugly Nexus phones if I want both an AOSP ROM and a fingerprint sensor on my phone?
India and Pakistan. The Kargil war is an example. Pakistani military (without notification or approval of the Pakistani President) entered the Indian controlled Kashmir region dressed as civilians that caused the Kargil war. Before that, and since, India has directly accused , on the international stage, Pakistan of terrorism in the Indian controlled region of Kashmir 
Couldn’t find an Oscar in a pivot 4231/CM 433. So am going to say it. 

Same goes for Willian
You don't need to worry. Unless your phone comes with a trip counter like Knox for Samsung, you can always unroot it before you take it in for servicing and claim you've always been on stock. 
Android is all about choices. 

If you like it the iOS way, install Google Drive/Photos and it'll automatically sync between all your devices. Anything you can do on iOS, you can do in a much simpler, more obvious way and with much more control over each aspect of it, under Android. 

Welcome aboard. 
The way I do it is take a backup of /data manually, which also gjves me a chance to prune my internal sdcard. This backup also means I copy the Titanium backup files, so I can restore my apps after a fresh install. 

Then you wipe all partitions and install the ROM, but obviously this is only possible if you have an external sd card, because otherwise you'll lose the ROM.zip you're gonna flash. 

If you do not have an external SD card, your best bet is to wipe all but the /data partition and then manually delete whatever you don't need from that partition after ROM installation. 

Or you could ADB into the device and push the ROM in that way
Not unless you're running Marshmallow 
Boardwalk Empire for me.
Yes, explain yourself, /u/halalmadrid 
Holy shizzles! You lost a couple of current pagirl023s from the former one. I want you to know that it's not just you who's happy about this change. A lot of people are and would be happy about it, those who you have inspired, or will inspire. I'm a guy, but I'm adding this to my list of inspirations. 

W. O. W. 
Good on you. I hope you're making progress. Good luck. 
The girl on the train. By Paula Hawkins
That's exactly what a sentient bot would say though
Now I'm confused. 
Pray, tell! 
Sometimes an easy workaround is to open the secure version of the site blocked by a firewall. Like YouTube is blocked at my workplace, but I can circumvent it using https. Imgur too. RES, I think is programmed to always go to the https link. 
Yup. Unless it was Pogba passing. 
I always wanted to be a programmer before I heard that. There's no 'then' in that statement. 
Upvote for sanity. 
Friendly offside trap. 
Might just be your ISP restrictions. 
1. Poison the grape. 

2. Feed it to them. Force if you have to. 

3. Bonus: Reep Karma. Or not, because you're so late to the party. 
How is this not the top rated comment?
The only way Cuadrado can be assumed to have replaced Schuerrle effectively is by comparing a fit Cuadrado with an unfit Schuerrle, which he was, for most of his time at Chelsea. 
I'm just happy to read about someone else who doesn't like talk to their devices. I am good with electronics and I welcome most new trends, but my (severe) stuttering gets in the way of using this feature, and I don't like that there are things in the world I cannot take advantage of. 

Basically I just wanted you to know that your opinion is appreciated. 
So who do I have to blow to get a decent iOS "inspired"  lock screen on Android? All I want is the blur effect, and not every damn thing on cards, at least not the notifications on my lock screen. 

CM Locker comes very close but it's got so many bugs, I went back to the stock Lollipop lockscreen. 
Here come transfers again; Not falling from the Daily star

Drenched in money again; Becoming who we are 
(instant cue Champions of England)
You go girl, maybe that would be Eric's final wish at his deathbed: To be blown by a human. Give him the gift of another orgasm. 
/r/PeopleBeingBros
/r/nocontext 
It will always come down to this. Unless there's a class action suit, it's  almost impossible to ascertain (and then prove) a direct link between carcinogens and the cancer in the victims' bodies specifically. 
Exactly. You're going to be hungry in a few hours anyway, so, why not just eat very small meals to keep yourself under the cals/macro limits? Just seems logical when you phrase it like that. 
So if I file for bankruptcy, will I be charged for Murder (of the corporation) in the first degree? 
>United States vs. Vampire Nation

That's what I'm talking about!!!
Yeah, it's overkill, having a switch just for that. Pre KitKat, Android had the flip phone over to silent thingy that I never ended up using. Since Kitkat, the volume controls auto-shift between the foreground app, so the vol down button always works. You don't like a sound you're hearing, press and hold the volume button. Done. 
What's the difference between iMessage and Hangouts?
Which Android phone in today's world doesn't silence the phone by pressing the volume down button once?

I am sure about Nexus 5 and Galaxy S4&5. 
Yup, it's us motherfuckers who're fucking her.
They just have to wait until 2022 when soccer players will be fainting left right and center in the World Cup. That'll be a wake up call for a lot of people. 
Thankyou 
I'm hoping this one will work, low quality, though: http://www.stream2watch.com/sports/soccer/thailand-vs-fc-chelsea-live-stream-may-30
It's just showing Finnish, Spanish, and French streams. Any luck finding a Chelsea TV stream?

Also, thankyou. 
SYNTAX ERROR.

Try "Ofcourse that's a thing."
Issue over playing time. That and he had a not so great season last time around. He was the butt of the joke that was our pivot along with Ramires. Nobody expected him to be of any use, (and I doubt he would have been of any use to Chelsea, how much ever it pains me to say it) and he expected guaranteed playing time. 
[LOL](http://i.imgur.com/kTuPMFf.png)
[Synchronise Ultimate](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.icecoldapps.synchronizeultimate&hl=en)
[GSAM Battery Monitor](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gsamlabs.bbm&hl=en) and [BetterBatteryStats](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.asksven.betterbatterystats)
Talent is worthless if you waste it by not working on it. What he did was satisfy his impulse interest by taking stealing ideas and concepts and that'd be fine if he just had the decency to credit the original artist. 

What it tells me is just that he knows he isn't capable of coming up with something as cool as the art he blatantly copied,and that's my point. 
Ignorance is not an acceptable excuse for this. You're right. 
Yes I know. I have seen myself losing the plot over comments that pick up a tangent from my last comment and suddenly I am having a whole different conversation,one where I look like an idiot. I was just admiring your attention to detail there. No offense intended. 
They are replying to a comment that says "Welcome to not America". And then they explain that the world view about American capital punishment laws isn't very favorable either. 
It does have everything to do with the comment they are replying to though. 
What drives me even more crazy is the fact that while he was doing all the setup to completely copy the style of a photo, there is no way he could not have been hit with atleast slightly different ideas and he could have run with those. He just wasn't confident enough to even try it. 
I thought that was kinda obvious. If you copy someone and publish it as your own work without even a mention back to the original artist, you lack the talent to create something new and cool, and you're simply a bad person at heart. There's no two ways about it for me. 
With the caveat that the beard oil be strictly used only on the face.
Don't vest your time with 'em lot.
Hallelujah to sense, then! Good on ya. 
> **When** I said no. 

It was inevitable, wasn't it? Face tattoo = No girls, No jobs, Not even a face. 
Did they check for the ANA Generals' houses for that money? 

Source: Was private contractor in Afghanistan.
The amount of drugs in that bitch's ass, it's easy to mistake it for a DEA evidence locker.
It has technology, it has rice. How long do you think you can keep us Asians from taking over?
Bitches love jocks.
My kinda chick. Or maybe that she has cool parents. 
They had cameras back in 0992?
Then why're ya looking for women? 
Libertarianism 
Ursula. Boils my blood just hearing that name for some reason. 
Why cannot you get a dog? I love dogs but I'm very very hyper as a person and I fear I will raise a very hyper dog too, and that would be bad. That, and I cannot afford one anyway. 
Some kind of Monster! 
So you are a civil engineer AND an anthropologist?
The ShitLord. 
Not really inb4.
Right? It was so small and could explode any time!
Because.. fucking is good?
Lost was shit since it began. The writers copped out solving ANY mystery whatsoever. 
I'll have one two three.
Alone in the world, building rockets? I'd be paranoid that everyone left the Earth and forgot about me. 
You're clearly using your non-fapping hand to type, are you done yet? 
A generic handwritten Snapchat she probably sent out to all of her contacts. 

It's the hope that kills you :D
Have you never heard of Zed, eh?
"We accept the love we think we deserve" - The Perks of Being a Wallflower
The firth rule of Figth lLub is that you do not talk about Figth Club. 

Now Kith. 
I wish I were also named after the month I was born in. 

Actually, I don't. November would be a weird name for a guy.
You clearly haven't ever been assigned a task to do right after you do the task you are currently doing. Happens with me all the time. 
What do you WHATT!!!
I thought the expression was scared-shitless. 

My whole life is a lie!
It becomes undeniable once that thought enters your head. as much as you try to refute it, some part of you will still believe it and that part will slowly but eventually take over. 
Wake Up. 

Check for messages from crush. 

Put on music. 

Drink Plenty of water and have a smoke. 

Shit. Brush. Smoke another cigarette. 

Bathe. 

Breakfast. 

Smoke. 

Turn off music. Drive to work. 
they're one **and** the same. I am suspicious this is one of the "for all intensive purposes" mistake. Not sure, ofcourse. 
The whole world is the same exact city, but it has several names because of different countries. 
Totally, more like medium rare. 
Grays/greys are the pseudo intellectual hipsters who are scared of accidentally pushing the button at the wrong time and ending up getting a purple. So they try to convince the entire community that not pressing is actually a virtue similar to that of not partaking in the authorities' manipulation. 
60s Master'Race',etc. I'm sticking with racism. Also because the only way to hate someone because of their race is to notice the color. Of their skin. 

Inb4 those who will call me racist:

Purples: Caucasians (Patience is for the meek) 

Blue: Third world South East Asians(always on the heals of the rich section of the whites)

Green: Muslims/Islamic brown-blacks (There is a definite time to push the button, any later or earlier, you go to hell and only get 1 virgin) 

Yellow: Developed world South East Asians (Late to the party, but have ways to achieve pioneering technologies) (also yellow kinda explains itself) 

Orange: Eastern Europeans (If they stay ~~nonpressers~~ in their own country nobody gives a shit, but if they move to The States, nobody would know the difference between them and the purples, cuz it makes no sense to click between grey and red) 

Red: Hispanic chicks (Everybody wants to bang them)

Pressiah: Neil Armstrong



Well atleast she has one 'job' now. 
Reddit has just turned us all into racists.
> "the new thing Jay-Z did"

Then let's just make the top 10 questions: Do Du do Du Du?
Where have I heard that before?
But, just one. 
LOST. Hate me all you want. But I hate my friends, who kept saying "It gets better next season, keep watching." Never did. 
Nope, just you.
Which one?
This kills OP.
Not sure if he's doing a good job of it. 
Right up there with flying cockroaches. 
[LYNE](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.thomasbowker.lynerelease&hl=en) and [Fotonica](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.santaragione.fotonicaiOS)
LinkMe: Minimal Clock
I have not used Facebook in a couple of years, but the heart button is exclusive to Instagram, isn't it? Facebook uses thumbs up? Or has that changed. 

Also, the Follow button?
What about jelly? At least give him some jelly. 

Hey look I wrote the word 'jelly' flawlessly too! Twice!
Orrrr other filters, you know, since it's on Instagram?
Only if you have enough. 1000 likes buy a plate of rice. 999 don't do jackshit. 
Expect Us. 
I Google everything I like. I let it go if it is not the exact phrase, but all hell breaks lose if it is exactly something someone else said and the repost does not credit the original author. 
People now hate me, but my seal of approval matters to them. Peasants. 
This should be easy? Just dirty flash the same ROM you're currently running. 

Unless, I'm missing something?
Aroma Installer FTW!
But... that's smuggling!
There will be many after him. Only the thirteenth time he is resurrected will he succeed
Approach, counsel. 
HOLY SHIT HERE COMES AN S! Where's my fucking apostrophe!
I think you answered your own question. How many other devices are only openly buyable on Tuesdays? And that, after an year of the launch. Are they mining the ore to make the handsets?
Ask her out. 
If they wore a fucking uniform, the Kargil war would either never have happened, or Pakistan would be a POW. Yeah, all of it. 
Not very modest admitting your dick is small, eh Woodhouse. Maybe your parents ought to have named you notsomuchwood-house. 
Enjoy your Karma until the western world wakes up. 
You obviously can. Half the world is your relative. 
Here you go: Fuck off. Just because the 100 'crore' Indians don't have the balls to say this. 
You can rest assured you'll be downvoted just because Muslims have quantity. Yeah, that's my 17th brother. And my mom is also my dad's cousin. 
WHAT!
I don't think you understand how the "Never" in Never Settle works. We're going to have to solve infinity. 
I said NEVER FUCKING SETTLE. So I'm guessing you'll be asking for 5.0 as soon as 4.0 is released. 
And goofy = whoever needs that size is called Lana. 
Yeah, could you GET any more diplomatic with the competitive crap? 
If we are naming countries, I think we're going to have to name the whole world. 
I was impressed with this when I saw this on the counter window of the new Inventory manager in Archer. 
All military PXs
What version of Google Play Services are you on. Some users have reported the wakelocks being fixed if you revert to 6.x from 7.0.97.
Didn't work for me though. 
Okay, so Greenified PushBullet, and the sensor_id wakelock is gone. Now, the wakelock is being caused by msm_dwc3.

What a fucking mess. 
I believe they only fixed it in the Nexus 6 kernel. 
Cataclysm 5.1 with EX 2.11
Sensor_ind has my had phone under wakelock for 12 out of the last 12 hours. I read somewhere that Franco has released a fix. Tempted to try that out. 
>most of us can agree about Piers.

That statement is only agreeable outside of /r/soccer. Unfortunately. 
You shoot me down but I won't fall

I am Titanian
The Ganges is a Hindu thing. Nothing to do with Muslims. 
Interesting. Thankyou for the link. 

Orange and Blue really are on the opposing ends of the spectrum. Not so with Magenta and green, but nonetheless, this is a very interesting technique. TIL.

I'm a little skeptical about this explanation. While this could work with actual physical colors, or on a computer, actual lights won't work that way. If you see the light spectrum, it runs from Ultraviolet to VIBGYOR to Infrared. So lights will not cancel each other as it's a linear scale, and even if they did, you'll need red light to cancel violet. Not the case here. 
Not an expert, but I would think it depends on the distance between the closest and the farthest 'instance of the clone'. If your lens can cover the entire room in its max depth of field, you can use either way. Otherwise it's always better to get each clone in focus and then merge the multiple shots. 
This sounds more like it. 
This is /r/funny? Cannot be /r/funny. 'cuz this is funnnnnneh!
Oh thanks. Didn't even look at it after hitting submit. 
I'll edit it now. 
I don't know the correct answer, but I'm guessing it will be (10-7)\*60\*60+7. It's a clock afterall. 

E: Formatting.
50-500mm works for me. 
Are you on a custom ROM, this might be a bug in the ROM, if it's not a stable release. This pop up should have a OK, Got It. button below it to take you to the QR reco camera. 
LOL. Even the 9gag comments are copies of the highest rated comments on your post. 
Dude, you're EVERYWHERE!
Did we ever get any proof of this actually happening over the three episodes?
Maybe it wouldn't be as long a queue if OPs started delivering more consistently. 
Yeah, there probably are other sections that cater to "ordinary, run-of-the-mill, senseless violence".
Yup. You are what you eat. 
Because I'm in Afghanistan, all my friends have left for home so someone had to stay here to oversee construction.
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays to y'all.
חרבנתי אותו !
Google Image Search on the logo tells us it's Fallbrook, CA. 
If yours is a reverse Rey Mysterio, I don't know what to think. 
You could sell the cookie you get after donating and buy everyone in your family calligraphy lessons! Win win. 
Ofcourse. It's one of the States.
Went in fully expecting a lot of poo. 
[Home Screen \(Single Page\)](http://i.imgur.com/mUsD91P.jpg)


Launcher: Nova Prime (Double tap to open app drawer)

Wallpaper: Downloaded off the internet a long time ago, can't remember now. Sorry, author :(

Top widget: Zooper Widget (Modified shamelessly from a Themer theme.)

Bottom: Text icons on Zooper Widget

You may wanna run after it.
But 'TURTLE' is already in capitals. Gotta capitalize 'turtle', bro. 
As a stray dog, that guy looks really cool.
Next week on ParanoidMuch:

OP can't find his keys or his phone, has to ask her for help to call the super. 

Knock Knock. Who's there? You. You who? u/enolja
Or, labelmaker.
 
^I ^hereby ^apply ^for ^an ^internship ^with ^the ^Reddit ^Detective ^Agency.
Cats, I tells ya. 
I approve. And it's unanimous because I'm treasuring the rest of the jury's memories. 
Yes, safety is paramount when inserting potentially harmful objects into your ears. 
Reserve currency.
Who beat Man City. 
Am I doing this right?
How are you not being asked to give out your name and address when the only options you can use to pay are VISA, MasterCard or eftpos? The transaction will be recorded since you cannot pay by cash, right?
Just Timberlake ain't a rapper. 
From the sidebar. Here it is if you're on mobile: 
> Get your team crest from [soccerbot](http://www.reddit.com/r/soccerbot/wiki/index).
That's the one. I think he couldn't speak a particular dialect of the language (Batak?)
Still, it's almost like a new ticket. 
rendered it as text (showing <body> tags etc), or how that HTML snippet is supposed to look?
Sorry, I'm not well versed with rendering and coding. 
I'm probably being a conspiracy-theorist, but how long do you think that's going to last?
Or the laziest part.
Did it allow HTML formatting for messages at the time?
Upvote for the correct decimal calculation (base of 10 against that of 12)
And personal space.
There's this scene in The West Wing that hilariously mocks a similar situation. 
Should fill up as the game goes on. Hopefully.
What's wrong with not being a typist though?
[Relevant](http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2013/01/17/article-2264124-1700E549000005DC-127_634x373.jpg)
Wrong again, drinking piss just makes you glitter. 
So secure that you can squish the human beans and still not find it. 
The inspection/reinspection cost should stay the same, shouldn't it? So it's between repair and rebuilding. 
So can the sperm.
Basic courtesy doesn't become success until one has been left hanging more times than been told straight up. 
I /thought/ I read that comment some place else too. Nice to see you here. 
The official website says we paid the buyout. The phrasing is a bit confusing.  Could have paid 45m too. 
There was a temporary stalemate over the tax on the buyout clause. That story broke last week, so yes I believe this deal was signed today. Hoping for a rigorous medical now. 
I hope we don't skip the medical this time around. 
GBP 32m, I think. Plus taxes.
SOME SAY he fantasizes about riding with the windshield out! All we know, is that he's called THE STIG!
Because you understood it, for once?
So many hair!
Could have been badass if you didn't feel the need to edit your comment without an edit tag. 
*Nazis. 
So many "scouts" 
So, not very hospitable?
> You say this like the taliban has its own weed farm that produces only one special strain called black afgan.

How do you think any drugs travel outside that country? Smugglers gotta pay off the mafia,  it's like tax for them. 
I like how you allowed it. 
You ready for it?
[NSFW, obviously](http://i.imgur.com/t0gOALO.gif).

I pity the OP's spouse-to-be, if any.
So much pent up sexual rage!
Toss up between Jimmy Carr and Bill Burr.
You host spiders in your nasal cavity.
But they are physically drawn closer to you everytime you use your power.
So, his whole life is a GIF?
It just happened. Move on. 

There was no spoon either.
Need to click "See More"! How can you leave us hanging there like that!
>.... without the idea that it somehow defines you.

>.... and understanding that that doesn't make you the same person now.



Even if there is no evidence to the contrary? How do I justify to myself that I am not the same person any more if a similar situation hasn't arisen since?

Is there a step before forgiving myself? 

Because it has been 6 months and till date, I consistently find myself justifying my actions. Until I can find a way to stop doing that, possibly by coming to terms with the fact that them getting hurt is more of an impact on life than what I feel is right?
Anyone read Rule #9 of /r/AskReddit lately?
On the other hand, this Lara Croft lady(maybe that's what they meant?) is pretty damn sexy. At par with Jill Valentine.
RES Tagged.
Never heard of her.
Maybe she likes her life that way? Doesn't sound too bad if she makes enough to get by, and enjoys it.
In large numbers, it is essentially similar to having B-teams, then. Because, right now, most rich clubs are paying part or all of their loaned out players' wages by themselves. If UEFA decides that it is unfair for the game to let partnerships like Chelsea-Vitesse thrive, it will have to, in principle, look at B teams of every club also. 
> You can have youth players that never play at your club but develop their value elsewhere.

Ofcourse, but that loan system is also a part of their youth system in the absence of a B-teams system. 
You don't think Kevin De Bruyne developed enough to command his transfer fee and wages at Wolfsburg? The reason they command these wages is not because of the Chelsea brand, but because of their effective development under that brand. And such development is sustainable only with a manageable number of youth prospects. 
I hate to be that guy, but did anyone even see Suarez crying? What if he was just laughing, and hence the covered face?

Interestingly,that is also how the teams will most probably end up, rankwise.

So Pulis seems to be the guy to beat for the Title. Manager of the Year, indeed.
Screenshots don't give credence, especially when not accompanied by a link for it to gain hits and when accompanied by 150+ comments making fun of it. Atleast not in my book.
In the goal, wearing Sturridge's old number ;)
iPod.
Isn't that the whole concept of [body clock](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Circadian_rhythm)? I don't know if it works everytime, but when I have an important day the next morning, and cannot absolutely afford to wake up later, I can do it. 
You just mentally make sure that you ABSOLUTELY CANNOT afford to wake up later than say 0500, and you will wake up within 5 minutes of it. Unless ofcourse you sleep at 0430ish after a drunken night, LOL. Then you're basically passed out, LOL. 
Perhaps, [this weird thing](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/BkUISgfIEAExRDQ.jpg) could be of assistance?

As much as I hate Suarez, he has been a total beast this season. Top goalscorer and top assistmaker in the season where he was banned for 6(?) games! Incredible. 
But I think Suarez should not have had to share this award with Gerrard. Who knows, maybe it added to his happiness having a teammate win it alongside, but Gerrard's contribution to Liverpool has been nowhere near Suarez's this month.
The loan goes through because both parties agreed to the terms that Atletico will pay Chelsea FC a sum of EUR1.2m per year + EUR3m per match against Chelsea, for the services of a Chelsea FC player.
>if money needs to change hands before the game

The clause gets activated after the semi final draw, and hence there is no other time for money to change hands but before the game. Like I said earlier, the influence, if any, is being exerted by the contract (signed under agreement of both clubs) and not Chelsea FC. Further influence is being exerted by Atletico's financial status, again, outside Chelsea FC's control. 

>if they don't break any laws.

No laws are being broken here since both UEFA and Spanish FA must already have vetted the contract before allowing Courtois to play in any of their competitions. 
My mistake. Missed that thread. 
Thankyou for the link.
I don't know why this is being downvoted! All the football world is talking about it, it's only fair that we get to discuss as directly involved parties.
Chelsea are not responsible for Atletico's financial status. If they thought this was extreme, they should have not signed the contract. 
**The influence here is the contract** which both parties signed in agreement, **not Chelsea** alone. The influence here is by Atletico's financial situation, again, not Chelsea FC. 

If your (and UEFA's) point is more towards fairness of some kind (which I doubt it is, but I'll just lay it out anyway), then in fairness Atletico would arguably never have reached the CL semis/be in contention for La Liga without Courtois. Atletico had to make a choice before the season and they thought it was reasonable, so why is it suddenly outside "influence" if the clause is activated?
It's not as if we already don't have the worst reputation in the football world. JT can go to hospitals, donate half his worth and still be called a disgrace, what makes you think letting Courtois play will make unreasonable people suddenly have a high opinion of this football club? 

I want Chelsea FC to have the best chance of advancing to the finals, so I don't want Courtois to play **without Atletico having to fork over the money they agreed to pay** when they got him on loan. It's only fair. So, we give up the money Atletico owe us, and also diminish our chances of making more money by featuring in a CL final just because it is noble? Who are we, a bloody charity? 

About "reputation": If anyone thinks this is about pussying out and not about business, they are unreasonable. These are the same people who said we did not deserve to win the CL even after we beat Napoli, Barca and Bayern to do so, and I do not give a fuck about what these people think, they will always find a way to portray us as destroyers of football. Well, fuck them. 

I want Chelsea FC to advance and there is no shame in giving ourselves the extra edge when we have it in our back pockets. Sure, Atletico are welcome to play Courtois, but they should not expect charity from us after they themselves agreed to pay the money without which they wouldn't have got him in the first place, and possibly wouldn't have reached the semis. This is the time to be smart, not wannabe good boys.
Barkley would play CM, more box to box than the 3-band. He is suited to both 4-3-3 and 4-3-2-1. Imagine Matic-Barkley or Matic-Barkley-MVG/Luiz.

We need a decent depth for LB in the absence of Bertrand and with Cole declining at unheard of pace. I would slot Azpilicueta at his more natural RB role with Ivanovic as backup (starting when we might need to go 3-5-2 chasing a goal). Terry, Cahill, Luiz, Ivanovic and Kalas at CB. Shaw starting LB with Azpilicueta as his backup.
I do, don't I? But yeah, I don't think Shaw will go for the rumoured 30m.  More like 20m, which is decent if we offload Bertrand. I don't want Shaw in and would want to stick with Bertrand but I expect Ryan to be gone this summer for a 1st choice LB spot. 

Lukaku and Barkley might not be a straight swap but they would command similar transfer fees so not completely outrageous. 
You may choose to not tell me anything, but those are the terms of the loan agreement,  without which Thibaut would not have been playing for Atletico. Influence is understandable in Celtic's case where there was no such clause in the contract.  Chelsea aren't forcing Atletico to play or not play Thibaut, that decision rests with Atletico.  
Chelsea FC

**Hopes**: Mandzukic/Costa/Balotelli; Pogba/Barkley in. Retain & recall Bertrand and Piazon. Ba, Eto'o, Torres, Ramires out. Courtois renews contract. Ake promoted.

**Expect**: Costa, Barkley, Shaw in. Bertrand, Ba, Lukaku out. Kalas retained.

**Dread**: David Luiz, Lukaku, Bertrand out while Courtois declines to renew. LOL I know that is definitely not happening, but that's what I dread. Realistically, I dread losing Bertrand and Lukaku for Shaw and Barkley respectively, and losing Luiz to anybody: That'd leave a gaping hole in my soul and the team.

Edit: Aesthetics 
Well, we're used to it by now. Can't let that dictate how we do business. 
The agreement states he can play, Ron Gourlay has confirmed that he can play provided he is picked in the squad by Atletico. The only question is whether Atletico wants to pay the EUR 6m.

Seriously, for me, the decision has always rested on Atletico ever since this clause came to light. My intuition is that Atletico will not field Courtois in the first leg. They cannot spare even 3m at this stage, but if they feel they have a solid chance of going through to the finals (thereby commanding a little more money) by fielding Courtois in the second leg, they'd fork it over. OR, in a dreamy scenario drop 2m off of Costa's buyout. :D
LOL @ "Stoop so low". Someone get him a flair or something.
Very true.
However in that case, Courtois is smart enough not to risk it all for a club he has never even donned the shirt of, given that he is arguably the best young goalkeeper in the world right now. (In the completely hypothetical situation that Chelsea view it differently,) he has plenty of takers who would respect his loyalty to the shirt over consideration to the signature on his paycheque.
It's not about being afraid. Country specific FAs specifically deny this opportunity because it raises concerns over the loyalty of the loaned out player while playing against his parent club. 
Players loaned in the EPL cannot play against their parent clubs. 
Not sure that stands (or is required) for La Liga where many clubs have B teams in a lower division. The case of Barca is completely irrelevant to this discussion. 

Moreover, Courtois has already been allowed to play against Chelsea once. 
I have saved this comment. 
If Courtois does play and Atletico lose on penalties, I'll see what you have to say about sportsmanship then.

So much wrong with this statement in principle:
Chelsea do not need to "somwhow bully" Atletico. Atletico signed a contract with Chelsea, without which Courtois wouldn't be playing for them in the first place and I doubt they'd be in the semis.
That's not "influence". Those are the terms of the contract, agreed to by all concerned parties. 
This narrative is a bit off, isn't it?
Chelsea park the bus against clear favorites, while playing away. It's the same with Atletico, except in this matchup, none of Chelsea or Atletico are clear favorites. They aren't going to park the bus at all. The may sit deeper and counterattack, but we beat Liverpool at The Bridge like that. 
What's this risk you talk about? Courtois is enough of a professional to give it his all for the shirt he is wearing. 
What?
No, it's for all members. Although, in a high profile game like this, not even all the ST holders can be accommodated, only the ones with the highest loyalty points.
Galatasaray away had several hundred seats unsold in the UEFA away scheme, not happening here.
Because your tattoo artist doesn't work for the club?

Besides, firsts make great stories.
I got my first tat alongwith my first shirt with my first wages. Had to skip breakfast for a week to make up for the money I spent. TOTALLY worth it. 
That isn't a quality article, tbh. 
Just common sense, mixed with a bit about what our previous managers' tactics were. Jose Mourinho is the least rigid of our managers. The formations he plays, coupled with the starting XI he fields is so fluid that it is insane. Really insane. And it can go from defensive to attacking with 1 substitution or less. It is the beginning of something truly beautiful. Jose doesn't need to listen to this crap. Although it does make logical points, it misses out on the core point of it all: fluidity
Pay my 50 pounds and I'd hire you a grammar teacher.
*ball that gets kicked by Eden Hazard.
Better asked in [/r/ExplainLikeImYemeni](http://www.cnn.com/TECH/9707/24/yemen.mars/)
No way a layman is going to understand the jargon on that page. 
Isn't that the whole purpose of ELI5, as against Googling it?
Assholyness aside, he just hasn't been better than Costa in 2 seasons. Granted he's younger, but we need a world class striker, NOW. We already have a younger and probably more potentially talented striker in Lukaku.
Besides, it's our turn to buy a world class striker directly from Atletico now. :D
*stars in the universe

The common (mis)conception is that there are more connections (synapses) in the human brain than stars in the universe, which is factually incorrect. For every synapse in an average human's brain, there are 700million stars in the universe. 
You might get somewhere if you add up the synapses/connections of all the humans on this planet.

Everybody starts out casual. Keep the Blue Flag flying high.
Did you pay a lot for it?
Club over player, mate. Always.
Courtois signed the contract himself. He wasn't forced. Spare some thought for Emanelo and the scouts who did a proper job on this deal. 
Tomorrow, a little after 12 noon.
The Mail isn't any more reliable than Tancredi though. Both earn a living by citing a crystal ball as a credible source, if they ever cite a source that is. 
He did play. Maybe because the clause didn't exist back then, or because we didn't care because, let's face it, the Super Cup is just a glorified friendly.
Thibaut is a Chelsea player on loan to Atletico Madrid. His contract, different from EPL/FA contracts, states that he can play against the parent club for a stipulated fee of 6m Euros. 
Usually, in the EPL, the loaned player is not allowed to play against the parent club, for concerns of bias/sportsmanship.
It's Tancredi! I'll pass.
I say let Courtois play for GBP 5m off of Diego Costa. 
There used to be an app called InsomniaX, I used it for a while on my MB Pro. I wouldn't give it a good review, although the app tries its best. Macbooks just aren't designed to run in clamshell mode. I ended up resetting my SMC almost weekly due to the problems it caused. 

Before I switched to a Mac Mini for my HTPC, I used to have a hot-corner on the macbook to turn the screen off and run the external display as primary. That's the best solution I could work out.

EDIT: I thought it fitting to atleast spell the fitting app name correctly :D
What happens if I keep two alpha males in the same aquarium?

Out for atleast two weeks.  Should be back before Liverpool and the semifinals' 1st Leg
Chip it over the 'keeper. A la Panenka. You know it! 
I like making the tongue knocking sound at the apostrophe. Lol.  Eto-knock-o. 
Just to be called such-a-raycessssssss! 
Delayed to 1950 BST.  it says? 
I have half a mind to pirate the fuck out of this book and spend money on printing out copies of it to spray them all over Spain. 
Has to be "Is there a fire drill". The unison of its use in the FA cup tie against Arsenal could be heard ringing across the oceans. Absolutely loved it, along with all the chants in that match. 
What could he possibly have done to get injured in the press conference! 
Doubt it. 
Unless you travelled to 1906, in which case we're playing Lincoln.
I think it IS measurable, if he is talking about Key Passes. Although all it would do is debunk his theory, because Willian isn't even giving us the number of key passes he ought to, for 30m. If Torres gets insane flak only because he is shit for a 50m player, Willian gets that too. 
I, personally, won't be comfortable playing Schuerrle as a lone striker. Not even a false 9. He excels when Torres drags defenders out allowing Schuerrle to make his runs.  He is a traditional winger in a 4231 or a shadow striker in a 4-4-1-1
There's a Chris Foy joke in there,  somewhere. If you look hard enough.  
I shudder to think what the GF tally could have looked like for Liverpool. 
You'd rather have Ba? 
Not gonna matter,  nobody in the 3band keep their position anyway.  4 today since Torres will start. 
For 18m, at 23 years, his ceiling is still a good 2-3 years away and he is already better than Willian in attack. Defensively he's not a match for Willian, but again, Willian is at his peak, Schuerrle isn't.
Can't play as lone striker. His best position is shadow, when the #9 drags out defenders to leave him with the space to run into. Torres+Schuerrle  ahead of Oscar/Salah + Hazard is the most effective attacking threat we have against teams that don't park the bus. 

Another reason he is in Mourinho's good books is that he is quite versatile. Can play a deeper role in a 4-3-3 when required, apart from the #10 he usually does. 
And the Super Cup against Bayern too! Torres!