The Black Cock Inn
Ahh it's so cute!

Name it Boris!
Still see it sometimes here.  I guess to make them feel special and all that
This is where on other subs the vegans would be kicking off about eating crow...
Definitely a photo!

HDR might have kicked in, that can make things look a little flat
It's just a quickie from a phone, hard to get level when there are no straight line references
Yup. Well identified
Louis Arthur Charles
Well that's not fair!  I had a bet on Charles but that turned out to be his third name...
Nice!

I’ve had a coffee, a donut and a couple of generic “you win this 10off promo code that anyone can use” out of a few visits 
We got a Samsung, it seems alright.  

You could try a couple out, but that would be a fridge too far
Or indeed secondary

I'd have to urge to go "good morrrning miss..."
You mean the website?  Yeah it's bloody awful.  I usually try to embrace change but it's just horrible to use so back to old.reddit.com I went
Excellent choices.  TWIX TWIX TWIX
What!  Definitely after.  That's when you reflect on the person's life (while having some food and drink to I guess symbolise moving on)
They use the images.  Because you have to contact their server to load the image, and usually the URL is coded with a unique ID, they know whether you opened the email or not and that reports back to the database.  Standard practice, and why email clients protect your privacy by blocking images until you tell it to load them  (so don't routinely click on the "load images" thing)

Sometimes even in what looks like a text email, there is a 1 pixel invisible tracking image
yay... ponies...yay
I heard his voice in my head when I read the "Go compare!" \- gits.
Already done George haven't they.  Ermmm... 

Charles and some middle name
2005?? 'kin ell, where does the time go.

It was always shit, FWIW
It's a TNG one, so it's relatively safe.  Usually the yellows in that era!
Good lad
Nooope

The irony is I have an electric car, it has DRM, it phones home to the mothership at Renault in many ways.  But I love the simplicity of it being charged off a nice dumb charger with just a basic number dial for metering, fed from a main meter that is the old groaning whirring disc type.  No worrying about whether it has a connection, whether its manufacturer will switch to some new system that needs new equipment and a newer phone to run the app etc.
Ahh. Well I hope life picks up again for you soon!
/r/WatchPeopleDieInside

The way he just stops like "yeah that just happened.  I don't even care any more"
We're gonna need a bigger mug
What's with all the cats today?? I'm drowning in pussy
Good news indeed!

Shared it on FB and got immediately jumped on as allegedly it's done by burning imported wood instead and the process of importing it more harmful than the coal burning.  No idea how accurate all that is... killjoys bore me so I deleted the post
Health obviously has a lot more to it than just weight and body fat &#37; etc.  But it's a reasonable \*indication\* of whether someone who isn't a highly muscular athlete or an ethnic minority is overweight and I wouldn't completely dismiss it just because it has some flaws.

Choose the NHS as your health experts, not the fat acceptance movement, Tumblr or Huffpost IMO.
Bit close to the overweight segment, really need to rein it in a bit \(BMI 24\).  Not easy when everyone else you know eats like a normal person.  Still, healthy and lower than the average for the age group of 27.9.

If you'd asked me 5 years ago, it'd have been BMI 32.1 \(obese\) and higher than the average of 26.4 for that age but I decided to stop being fat and shed about 5.5 stone.
I don't know whether I'm disgusted or aroused by that concept...
You mean like the official charity of the sub...
Bunch of has\-beans
Gas around yoo\-rah\-nus?  I don't get it
I was watching a Q&A the other day with a psychology professor who was making the claim that you can predict a future criminal from about the age of 4 with something like an 80&#37; success rate based on the child's antisocial behaviour.  When you combine that thought with the sorting hat concept and the psychological effects on the child if and when they do become aware that someone has predicted they'll become a criminal.... fucking hell

\(I may be distorting what was said somewhat as I can't play it back right now but that was the gist\)
Yep 3G or 4G monopole mast

I know of a few nerdy forums where if you took a few more pictures of the cabinets they'd probably be able to tell you which network, whether it's 3G or 4G, what frequencies it uses, who manufactures the comms equipment etc...
Heck
Yeah seems so!

Different with geese as they can get angel wing from it
Aye just an accurate description of Pokemon
This

(Though the only time I really have breakfast is at a hotel)
Nah, salad cream
killer: knock knock-a knock knock..
Coo.

Far as I know bread isn't good for birds (it's one of those things where the wrong thing seems to have stuck as the stereotype, like with milk and hedgehogs) and grains and seeds are the way to go.
Well it sounds at least 2/3rds fun
Yeah bit of empathy, he's obviously frustrated at having lost what for him was a special moment and lashed out at the cause (even though you did nothing wrong).  Not that lashing out is right, but it's a pretty human flaw and if he's reasonable then he'll probably apologise for lashing out after cooling down.

Something like "oh no! Sorry!  I really didn't notice or mean to scare anything!  What did you see?" could diffuse that kind of thing and potentially turn the encounter into a more friendly conversation.

Not that I'm any good with my own advice, I'd probably snap back at him with "and how was I supposed to know mate, do you think I'm a fucking mind reader?" and then end up reflecting later on the joys of 2 people being dicks to each other.
Art is in the eye of the beerholder, I think.  It looks like fun to do anyway
Sort of, she visited our town when I was about 6 or 7.  But as I was about 6 or 7 I have extremely little memory of it all - just where it was and that we were all jam packed behind some barriers.
Wut?

Doctor Who filming?
Kindly stop making me feel old!
Zippy needs to zip it, he's not the one who's faced decades of systematic abuse for being pink and effeminate.
That would be great.  Though I can't help thinking the kids who most need to see it would also be the ones with parents saying "no way, my kid is not visiting some mosque"
I never said it was *good* advice...

Chances are they try to target bullies especially if reported, but find it difficult to monitor every child at all times.  Especially in those places they require privacy.  

Hopefully better PSHE will help as you say.  Kids seem to frequently be hurtful little shits but from what I remember it was usually when they felt the need to try and impress each other with maximum dickishness (you see this played out online on places like 4chan) and individually they can be more reasonable, and maybe reveal the insecurities they're projecting.  Any methods they find to tackle that kind of problem (rather than telling the victims to not be themselves) can only be good.
Was nice to have some pleasant weekend weather for a change.   Did a fair bit of walking while capturing animals in tiny balls, enslaving them and getting them to fight each other.

Nothing special for the coming week - might go for some Indian eats on Thursday.
Tesco Value Runner, left

It probably is a bit sizzling when your body is generating all that heat from running.  Importance of staying well hydrated...
Fairly common advice that also applies to nerds, eccentrics and other typical "targets" - blend in, keep your head down, don't be visibly different.  It works as an avoidance strategy on a basic level, just is not very good long term and treads dangerously close to victim blaming...
The papers are gonna love this one.
The only correct answer.  As for the finals, I think it'd have to be Twix for me.
Just shows that the "don't judge a book by its cover" thing works both ways - had I seen just that photo with no context, I'd have felt almost certain he was a "Muslims OUT" kind of guy.  It's almost a textbook "angry people in local newspapers" shot.
Link to tweet in case others wanted to retweet it and stuff https://twitter.com/drhingram/status/988017677850439682?s=21
Simply got a smack in my day. Not allowed now though
Also liking the newer reviews saying it’s a great place with no unruly kids
The holy one.  Not remotely religious, just thought it might be an idea to learn what the heck it says considering it causes huge amounts of war, destruction and general political fighting around the world.  Plus apparently it covers a lot of the dilemmas we have in life so would be interesting to see what it says.
I can still remember it, along with equally awful stuff like Star Trek Voyager's "Threshold", and others need to share in my pain.
Yeah it seemed to be trying to make a moral point on...prejudice I guess? - but got written into a corner on the way there 
Probably because it instantly conjures up images of football fans. Eww.
Probably because of that blanket assumption that they're all professionals or all waste it etc.  Better than using it to fund posh cars for the bosses of Shelter IMO
7.5 mile urban wander with Pokemon Go and Ingress.  Knackered now, ready for booze...
Can confirm, am hungry
At least put some chocolate sauce on it
Surprising decision. (Not a big fan of Shelter)

I'd say give it directly to a homeless person, plenty about these days

Has Ashens tried them yet?
But the moon is an egg!  Who knows what might come out!
Seemingly my obscure references are a bit too obscure....
Now I'm surrounded by cute girls what do?
Joining a literature club
Bit like our house!
I know about an 80 year old who is often drunk and acting like an idiot. There’s no age limit on that!
The Queen is immortal. That’s part of the parameters of the simulation 
Find the mozzie what did it and glass the fucker
Heck. What’s next, pogo sticks?
Aye it’s lovely. Just on the doorstep for me. The tricky thing is finding a day when it’s nice and sunny but not too baking hot for a good walk. 
D’nae cast yer clout til May be out
I'm torn really.  I want to go out and enjoy the sunshine, but have a minging manflu :(

Failing that then, dangerously mix booze and paracetomol.
Same, got a minging cold.  Sick of them now
If it was a stolen delivery truck full of gravy or yorkshire puds, it'd perhaps be a little more northern
Classy.  Wonder what the Glasgow equivalent would look like...
Get it exorcised, you have yourself a pootergeist
what-erst-one's, of course.

Do people pronounce books as in fucks or books as in boobs?
Interesting, thanks for clarification
Same situation here.  I certainly don't like what Apple is doing and to be honest (about being self centred af) if they did it to *me* I'd not use them again.  And so far, I doubt my next upgrades (in about 5 years for the laptop and about 2-3 for the phone) will be Apple.  But they've not done it to me, and having switched back and forth on both PC and mobile I find that other people's horror stories just don't quite oughweigh my personal distaste for Windows 10 and annoyances with Android, or various things Google does that I disgree with (they're a pretty evil company too, so it'd just be jumping from one rogue bunch of scumbags to another)
To be fair they have a reason for it, in that ageing batteries can't deliver the power necessary to keep the processor stable.  You see the same thing with desktop PCs when the PSUs start to go to shit.  

Not being transparent about it is classic Apple bullshit though, make people think they need a new phone rather than just a new battery.
Didn't they beat us to the whole "leaving the EU" thing that everyone keeps telling us is going to fuck us over?  (honestly no idea myself, wait and see approach)
TBH I don't have reliability issues with either OS these days - Win10 more annoys me with shovelware popping up on the start menu, enforced telemetry, self-reboots etc.

The one major issue I do have with macOS is remote hotspot.  It always takes like a dozen attempts to connect.  That's a bit annoying
Poor misunderstood thing just wanted a bit of mashed potato.
Yeah I love a kebab, even while sober.  Especially when sober as I can taste stuff better then.
Could work - if not, it'd at least highlight how shallow and meaningless the latest "we welcome applicants of all backgrounds" type additions to the hiring blurb and updated "for people of all abilities and gender expressions" toilet signage all are.
Sadly we have to adhere to the same standards and get included in the same occasional reminder memo.

I rebel when it comes to shoes though.  "Smart shoes only, no trainers".  Well I wear fairly smart-ish walking shoes (that could easily get labelled "trainers" if they got snotty about it) and carried on wearing them when the last reminder went out.  No one's pinged me on it yet.  Dress-down Fridays got enshrined into policy when people just started turning up casual on Fridays without asking

Ties used to be a requirement as well, and that got relaxed when guys just started turning up without them.  

They're strict about "ABSOLUTELY NO DENIM" but I think if we keep chipping away they'll eventually see that being a productive and comfortable worker is more important than what you look like...
Of course.  More people out in the sun using mobile phones :)
Don't think so.  We have a Knowhere that nobody really uses aside from a raving lunatic who keeps spamming rants about some girl who left him in France about 15 years ago.

We do have a "memories" group which can be interesting for old photos but is also full of oldies saying how good everything used to be before everything 'went mad'.
They will.  At the price of a new one, which they will supply :p
> Apple makes an overpriced computer with garbage support. They do, however, make a fantastic operating system. Most tech companies use macs for a reason, and it's not to be trendy.

This.  And it's never been about being 'trendy' to me.  I'm about as fashionable and trendy as the back end of a bus.

Eventually their bullshit, which I do know about, will be enough to exceed my enjoyment of macOS and to a lesser extent iOS (and to a greater extent the integration) and I'll walk away.  Unfortunately I'm a self centred sort, so it'll probably be when it affects me directly rather than other people's horror stories.  If/when they tell *me* some crap like "your iPad is out of warranty because it has a bit of a dent in it" they can bet their backsides they won't see me again.
I like the term "shittesting", I've never known what to call it but they've been doing it for a decade or more now.

I can see why they do it.  I still use their stuff because of various positives: how well it works together, I genuinely still much prefer macOS to the alternatives, and having gone back and forth to Android multiple times, with an iPhone I know I have consistent camera quality, consistent battery life (I find I end up micromanaging apps on Android, YMMV), support from my network for things like Wifi Calling and VoLTE without custom firmware etc.  But it certainly is a constant question of "how far are they going to push before their contempt for customers becomes enough to sacrifice the benefits and walk away".  They're always pushing it, because they know everyone who likes what they produce (when it works and they're careful and don't spill coke on everything they touch) faces the same dilemma and they want to see how much we can be milked with high purchase prices, Applecare, 'forced' purchases of new products etc.  We see the same thing with Facebook - many of us find it useful, get a lot out of it, everyone we know uses it, but we're all thinking "how many scandals before I delete my account".

As self centred as it is, until they start doing really nasty things (I don't know... murdering children) I'm in a situation of "they've not done it to me so I don't care enough to boycott".  Repairers are obviously going to see their worst side, and for the most part on forums people only post when they have a problem.  I do have a fairly low tolerance for bullshit when it does affect me though, and have still not quite forgotten that time my 13 month old MacBook Air PSU frayed and they were like "it's about 5 days out of warranty, you must have abused it, fuck you, buy a new one".  No I didn't abuse it, Apple, maybe you shouldn't have made the sheathing for a premium £70 PSU out of cheese.  So I can see them properly pissing me off sooner or later, and people like me will add up.
Could just be a bit like Fosters (that the Aussies have never heard of) where some company just decides to slap a nationality on a product for no reason

I thought that with the Tunnocks but I think it's a Colemans something


Never heard of the "Crunchy nuggets" with the British flag on it!

Seconding the chocolate biscuits.  Baked Beans not a thing over the pond?  I'd try those with your dinner.
Aw heck

I bet he makes no bones about it
RRRREEEEEEEEEEE

You now have milk splattered all around your mug / bowl after it's messily gulped its way out of that monstrosity

Classic "tear your own spout" any day of the week for me.
Again?  Raptures every 5 minutes these days
Straight blonde hair = "get the fuck out of the way, I'm coming through"
/r/britishproblems gone wild
Haha :)  Maybe a more tactful agreement like "well if you're not sure about it, it's probably for the best, you really have to be sure it's right for you and the child"
Are we in the timeline where things go right now?   Thank fuck.
"Oops there must have been a screw on the driveway, and it ended up going into the sidewall too, what terrible luck"
Yissss.

Most American 'candy' is overrated trash (Twinkies, anyone?  It's just a bit of sponge with cream in it and massively lacking in taste compared to something like a Mini Roll) but peanut butter cups make up for it all.
Steady on.  They're great, but better than bourbons is a stretch
 You can relive this at Wilko!
Send a note round asking if anyone's seen it as the supermarket used your loyalty card contact details to let you know of an emergency recall on the batch, after people have been left with agonising food poisoning.
Once a Marathon, always a Marathon
"In a world of social media, we're abandoning social media"

Makes sense /s
I say positive things to companies on Twitter from time to time and banter with their social media people.  Seems an odd decision really
Usually after a fairly long period of your eyes glazing over and the other person too busy waffling to notice, and then you sort of detect a gap in the monologue, wake up and throw the "right!" in.
Never poke around other people's secrets - you can easily end up knowing what you didn't want to know, and it might not be as innocuous as "oh, so not as straight as he always said he was eh" or whatever either.
That approach is not appealing to me
>The title can kinda suggest manipulation

That's exactly what has always put me off reading it.  Might have to check it out after all.
Perhaps it needs Jordan Peterson’s antidote!
Or would get swiftly ejected from the premises like last time I whipped one out there!
It can get interesting when you get older where person A knows that person B is too polite to take the big bit and makes the division more unequal or takes the “initiative” every time ;)
The “string em up by their toenails” list :)
Yup, this thing http://actu-smartphones.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/nokia9000.jpg
I can't remember exactly, but the recommendation is "funny and topical" so pretty sure it was political satire anyway (i.e. couldn't be shared here)

People used to come up with short sharp names that actually sound like team names, but then obvious "just some joke stolen from the internet" ones started winning and well, if you can't beat 'em join 'em (and get free beer).  Last one I won was nicked from /r/jokes
Nah, I’ve heard much longer than that (and won best name with longer I think!)
Such clickbait!
Might try nicking that for the quiz team name
Right, that's another one on the List.
Didn't think those ever broke!

Good to know, I haven't the heart to scrap something with a face on it.
Yep that's the buggers!!
Nice, I recently found an old Nokia 9000 Communicator I was given a while back, basically a house brick.  Unfortunately attempts to revive it resulted in a swollen battery (Actually potentially quite dangerous) and replacement batteries on eBay were silly prices so out it went.
We often get these tiny little bugs that are capable of flight but usually just crawl around.  You suddenly find one crawling on you and flick it off.  Black with little brown stripes going across them.  Sort of like a black and brown mini-ladybird thing. Very annoying
Think I had a toy one like that, clearly seeding the Directline trademark in kids' minds prior to the adverts appearing when we grew up.
Good on you.  And yeah we do all seem to think the worst of everyone.  One bad apple highlights the *possible* dangers and makes us treat it like everyone is a risk.   As you allude to, that goes both ways too - there are some who'd assume you were up to no good picking up a couple of teens.
That's just taking the piss
Got to love all the angry "how is this news??" comments and people taking it seriously

But yeah this sub really seems to be doing the rounds now, when it's not Heinz and Unilever shilling beans and marmite
Very.  It's your typical Indian restaurant meal, or a couple of easter eggs.
I had no success with one when work gave us one as a Christmas bonus one year just before we went out for the evening 'do', and this is a tourist town.  None of the pubs would take it, none of the shops that were still open (Bargain Booze etc).  Ended up withdrawing some normal cash and handing it in at the bank on the Monday.
So just another day at the office
Just get some Japanese kitkats off Amazon
Basically the end of the last stag weekend I went to
That has to have been a conscious decision
Brilliant thread.

As sad as it is that people like that exist, it's nice to see the vast majority of responses on the chasers' sides
Bacon is lovely with mayo...


I... I'm sorry!
If you're getting currency before you get here, decline £50 notes.   You can't spend them anywhere.
ikr
Yep.  The near misses are no fun as you try to slowly creep out enough to see as of course, those driving along don't hang about.  Then of course you get the glare.  I'd love to be able to see through parked cars but cannot!
You'd be fine in our estate, everyone just parks right up to the junctions.  Makes it a bitch to see out of any of them though
This.  She probably just has taste
Having searched around for this popping up in the past, it looks like it was "inspired by" the b3ta equivalent
Dunno, that was a loooong time ago and hasn't changed much since?  Roughly speaking there's still enough leeway to have a pint, maybe two depending on how strong, how fast and whether your body can process it etc.  Though they've often mooted reducing it (already done in Scotland) and it's at one's own risk and not a recommendation. The rozzers will tut at you for having any at all if pulled, but it's at 80mg per 100ml of blood that they'd do you AFAIK. You just can't get shitfaced and get behind the wheel, understandably!

All just to the best of my knowledge, talking hypothetically etc.  Not a suggestion.

Others blame the smoking ban (personally, this made me go to the pub more).  I blame taxes, myself
Poor towers!

I wonder if they commissioned the chap on b3ta who came up with the original gif...
Chuck some sliced banana in there!
Asda. Always been fine for me, last me a few years.
First thought was LA Beast til I realised this was the other side of the US.

Crazy hobby.  Entertaining but you do have the potential for dire consequences
Ketchup.  MUST be white bread and MUST be buttered.
Your mother's bedroom
Sounds about right :D

I have a few pictures of their boards. Another one is “Woman is victim of Christmas tree rage”. All happens in Furness. 
Heh, they are indeed!
Not nowadays.  Used to get Graze boxes, they just ended up piling up
It's not a proper trend if there isn't a salted caramel version.
Lively.  Down the other end of Cumbria we have headlines like "Cat in a flap sparks rescue" and "Burger van bust-up" (where some drunk was reported for aggravated squirting of ketchup)
Ruins of old brewery.   People want something useful there like maybe a supermarket or something but the town council always refuses the applications because they want to keep the town "special" (i.e. a shithole) and they're all in with the local cartel.
I call it keks.

I was however stood in one just before Christmas with a guy shouting down his mobile phone "I'M IN THE SEX SHOP.  YEAH, SEX.  THEY HAVE A GRAPHICS CARD"
Second mistake, the first one was spreading butter like a maniac
Does Marmite spoil?  Can you tell the difference?
Can be, but it depends on so much... your electricity rates, how heavy your right foot is, whether you count things like battery hire (where applicable) as a "fuelling cost" etc.

I just switched to a Zoe, and my monthly running cost is about equal if you take into account battery rental (OTOH you can consider battery rental a way of getting the car about £4k cheaper and guaranteeing future capacity, so it's a bit inaccurate to call it a running cost - but purely on a "money going out of bank" basis and having a car I couldn't have otherwise reasonably afforded, my costs are about equal)

Most of my journeys are short so the Focus ICE was averaging about 25mpg and costing me £50-55/month in fuel plus £18/month tax.

The Zoe is costing me £50/month battery rental and is looking to be about £18/month electricity (at £0.155 per kwh) but is free of tax (at the moment)

Servicing also about breaks even.  I used to get the Focus serviced by an independent guy for cheap, he looked after it well and scrawled a signature in the manual.  Servicing costs for EVs are less, but you have to go to a Renault-approved place as part of the battery hire agreement and of course an approved rubber stamp costs more ;)

It could be cheaper with economy 7 i.e. cheap overnight rates but that pushes the daytime rates through the roof and as I live with retired parents (with no intention of burdening them) and they're obviously active in the house during the day it works out better for them to stick with a flat rate.

Lot nicer and more fun to drive though IMO.
*narrows eyes suspiciously*
Okie dokie lokie.... :)
Nice hashtags there, Unilever Marketing :)

I do love it to be fair. 
Ant and Dec.... oh....
Often it seems to be a sense of worthlessness...

Start small. Do one thing today you can be proud of. Doesn’t have to be much and doesn’t have to blow anyone away. If you can’t be proud then at least feeling like you’ve accomplished something. Maybe look around your room and identify something that hasn’t been cleaned for a bit and take the 5 minutes to do that. Keep taking small steps from there, set a reminder if necessary to do something better each day. Hopefully that should ease you into a better frame of mind, and having a better environment ought to help too. 
This guy are sick.
Long as they weren’t steaming mad
Just got a newer car (and more interesting / exciting to me as it's an EV so it's become like a little passion).  I simply thought :

a) That's what the savings are *for* (upgrade car every 5-10 years, keep some for rainy days, if I have to put towards a mortgage or whatever)

b) It didn't drain my savings (which wouldn't be a good idea) but was a realistic total_cost_of_car / total_number_of_months that I could replenish and potentially re-spend in 5+ years

c) You only live once and it's quite short - long as you're being reasonably financially responsible you should enjoy yourself.  "Life is not a rehearsal for practised abstinence" as someone once told me.
You can't reason with misanthropists.  Even on this internet that er... humanity created.  When saying nice stuff about creatures that have been bred in the human image of kindness and compassion

You get this a lot in the fandom for a TV show I follow.  Oh they're so kind, generous, honest etc, if I only I could step through a portal there and get away from the nasty humans forever.  Hey, guess what species created that TV show.  Hint: not horses.
Where on earth are you that it's not ruddy freezing, or in fact is so dramatically hot?  I had to defrost the car this crisp April morning and was quietly wondering to myself whether climate change has just given us 12 months of winter per year from now on.  I honestly can't remember the last time we even had a summer that got more than lukewarm.

Remove clothes, have a cold shower, get straight out of shower without drying off, let fan blow on wet body.
The 'rents insist on the low sugar ones.  Not entirely convinced classic supermarket 5p specials wouldn't actually be better
I'd be chuffed to see it if it was
If baked bean industry lobbyists are a thing, I'm not sure they'd know how to use reddit.  Bunch of old farts you see...
Whilst I'd be tempted to find out, I'm sure they'd find some excuse to complain about it and I value my job
Neat phone box.  In front of a mobile phone shop and mobile phone advert...
We get a tissue in ours.  No idea either, I just stuff it in my pocket and go home.  First thing I do afterwards is shower to get rid of all the little bits of loose hair anyway...
Well she’s about as good at football
Y..yiff
Stop fucking swearing you foul mouthed cunt
The sweet release of death
Never (touch wood) had a problem with them.  I find them excellent - send you a text message with a 1 hour delivery window, you can watch the delivery person's progress online, and we know our local driver pretty well now (and know his name of course, because it tells you).  Most fluid and informative system I've seen out of all of them.
please strong, avoid light
Don't give up your Korea
In case you thought those times were changing and we'd all be getting a bunch of gender neutral cubicles everywhere in the near future, it appears the colonies have observed the controversy over such an idea across the pond and chosen a more conservative (small c / non political) route of having one token "gender expression neutral and disabled" toilet and carrying on as before.  So we'll be seeing the urinals for a while yet!
Decent teachers play a big part in it.  Hence my original comment because at least some of my experiences (some years were better than others) were exactly the "PE teacher stereotype" and them just yelling at me when I didn't understand when it's 'a corner' or what 'mark soandso' means.  The good ones actually teach stuff, have an idea of each kid's knowledge, use positive encouragement etc.  And maybe not just cheerfully let the other kids shout and bully the one who simply doesn't know what the heck he's doing.

Thinking about it, it probably was more that I was completely clueless.  Just seemed to always miss the part where the teachers actually explained how to play {football for example}, as if every kid was expected to just know already because it's a popular sport I suppose, and the other kids would get frustrated and yell at me or mock etc.  This lowered my confidence to zero, making me care less etc and most teachers did naff all to help.  The few that tried were rare gems.

But yes decent teachers make a huge difference to any subject.  Aside from the one time she screamed at me for knocking twice on the staff room door, one of our history teachers was superb.  History, the subject that like most kids bored me to sleep and I was useless at.  I was fascinated by it and absolutely aced the grade (this was at GCSE) when she was in charge!  Seem to recall it was one of my 'A's.  The differences: being able to present the facts in an interesting and entertaining manner instead of just droning off names and dates, giving you an idea of why you should care, picking up on each kid's strong and weak points and encouraging and reinforcing respectively, etc
Yeah we had separate PE and “Games” (aka have the class bruiser shove you into the mud in the rain) on different days. So I dreaded the indoor PE less. Both were gendered though... I think... it’s been a while. 
90s here too but I guess our school was still a bit old fashioned back then - definitely no mixed gender PE!
Not certain.  But I've generally found that if you're not at the end of your journey, the ticket barriers spit, or if you are, then they swallow.
Really?  Literally the first charging post conversation ever I had was the guy saying how much of a fortune it's costing him in coffee.

(Because, as we all know, you pop it on a rapid at the services for 20-30 minutes and well... what else is there to do)
Ugh yeah.  Nice to see it acknowledged by the Beeb there!  It's long long overdue a bit of modernisation (dare I say a bit of the feminine touch) if it's still how it was when I was there.  The whole thing at least on the boys side was MANLY MCTOSTERONE and if you weren't the kind of boy who took well to being yelled at by some prick who thinks bullying is a good thing because "it 'ardens ya, makes ya MAN UP" then it was the most miserable couple of hours a week that you absolutely dreaded.  I suspect reddit being a bunch of geeks (it was always a clear correlation with geeky kids from what I remember) we'll see many identifying with that here.

Forgetting your kit didn't get you out of it, it just meant you either had to wear some stinky spare kit that last got washed 40 years ago and seemed to be made of sandpaper, or run around in your underwear, depending how much of a pervert your teacher was.

Nasty stuff.   We did get one kind PE teacher (amazingly) when we got to 16 and he was like "yeah this late in your school career I think we're safe to stop trying, feel free to read a book in the changing rooms with your mate".  One of those rare people who understood that our personality type could gain a lot more from reading and discussion and that it wasn't just goofing around.  Still frowned upon doing homework ("homework is for home not the changing rooms") but can't have everything!

Edit: and here come the sporty downvote brigade!
Apple News.  It seems to give me a reasonable mix of sources, and based on my interest etc.
This should be standard.  Seeing their pet dog would make most people's dying moments happy
It's always Luna!

Seriously I know so many people with pets called Luna now

Though at the moment it's a woona :3
Hen parties are terrifying 
Pretty much. And stag parties
Email the picture around and see if it spreads. 
I’ll throw in “groups of drunks who stagger on shouting swearing and singing”
Zoe's manual tells you not to.  I've absent mindedly gone R to D while still moving a couple of times though and no harm done, but this was only at very low speed - I imagine a sudden jolt in direction at any reasonable speed could be damaging though, don't know a great deal about how the motor and transmission work just on the basis of basic physics.
True!

It is of course possible to pull the fuse then it’s off for good (but then so is the boop boop when you walk away)
Land of the brave... still waiting to see how it tackles bodding about in the Lake District with pretty much just Ambleside to rely on :D
Totally worth it
Thinking about it, it's probably about equal.  For one thing part of the battery lease agreement is (IIRC, will have to have a re-read) to get the car serviced annually by an authorised dealer.  Who tend to charge a bit more than some local indie mechanic.  That said, a normal service with Renault for the Zoe is £79 which seems pretty reasonable to me.

Just maybe not so often the horror story told in the video!
I always just steal something from /r/jokes.  Won best team name a few times that way
Even my car sets itself now.  Never thought I'd see the day.  There's a toothbrush timer in the bathroom that needs setting, but that's it.
Yep.  People need personal responsibility, not banning or taxing stuff out of existence.  I've been fat, am no longer fat and haven't been for 4 years... still eat a mountain of heart attack food on occasion.  It's all about moderation.  You'd have something like this maybe once a month if that
You mean it always goes down well?
Yeah I may regret saying this so *touch wood etc*: I have so far avoided it by parking at the furthest point of the car park.  Most people are lazy so want to park as close as humanly possible to the shops, and I imagine that also correlates with those who hurriedly burst their doors open etc.  I get a bit of exercise and a relatively empty part of the car park.
"It'll be the longest day soon, all downhill from there!"
Both.  Save up for things rather than using credit and have a little bit aside for rainy days etc.  But a little bit extravagant with certain things I do buy.

Most extravagant thing is probably a 2017 MacBook Pro, touchbar model.  I.e. a £1749 laptop.  I do pretty much live on it, but yeah a bit excessive...

Also just dumped close to 7k on an electric vehicle, but I consider that an investment in the future or some naff excuse like that.
I already live in the Lake District.  Going nowhere :)
Hmm maybe... it does slightly spoil the fun of creeping around in silence at under 20mph so it's nice to be able to turn off when safe to :)  

Don't think it'd have put me off though.  It's still a nicer sound than an engine IMO
Maybe in a 40KW.

In a 22 like mine, you do worry if you're doing long trips.  99% of the time I'm making tiny journeys so it's fine.  But considering that far-from-zero chance that a public charger will be out of order, ICEd or already occupied by someone who's popped theirs on charge and scarpered for the day, and the fact that in my area you can go 40 miles without seeing another charger, you do worry.  Because the "plan B" charger might be out of range!

Also let's say, we all hope not to, but say you get a call that a relative is on their deathbed 200 miles away and you need to get over ASAP to see them.  You're definitely going to be a bit concerned that it can only do 140, less with the lead foot you're likely to have in that scenario, and making it on time.
In Europe the Renault Zoe but it doesn't appear to be sold across the pond :/   In which case perhaps a Leaf, bearing in mind battery degradation on those and whether degraded range is suitable.
I don't think cheap EV maintenance is a facade, as overall on average there's less to go wrong.  It's just that when something does go wrong, it can be a much more expensive fix - largely because of all the electronics and also the tighter control manufacturers have when it comes to forcing you to use approved repairers and OEM parts.  

In the long term it could be that let's say a motor failure is a lot less likely than engine failure, but that the latter is more preventable (let's say cam belt breakage leading to a catastrophically expensive repair often beyond economical: replace it on time and it's not as likely to happen) whilst in an EV it might be more down to luck.

What you do get at the moment is the risk of early adoption.  I tend to say at the moment that EVs are "in beta" and you take the associated risks.  Maybe it'll be fine, especially if you pick a later model that has had problems ironed out, maybe it'll be BER a day after the warranty expires.  The risk is greater with the relatively new technology.
A very odd decision on the EU's part to require that a safety function can be turned off!
Don't know about other EVs, but mine has a little 12V battery for accessories, including the lighter socket that is usually used for charging.  That would deplete a bit more quickly.  It does get charged by the traction battery, but there will obviously be inefficiencies and you have to check how often the vehicle checks (and if necessary charges) the 12V.

IIRC on the Zoe it's checked when the car is started or when it starts a charge, not constantly, so people have managed to get it too low when they've left things charging and gone off on holiday, you then get some crazy errors...
So the switch is banned in the US?  I suppose it's probably not too difficult for manufacturers to leave it out and put a blank plate there.

I'm honestly surprised the EU has chosen to allow a switch, as usually they're pretty hot on health and safety stuff.  It's handy on occasion when showing off how quiet EVs can be, but most people are complete zombies with no spatial awareness especially in supermarket car parks so it seems very, very sensible to me to require it to always be on.
tl;dr it depends on your use case, as others said.

Not sure what it's like in the US (edit: or Canada)  Here in the Northern part of the UK charging places are a bit few and far between (like you can go 40 miles without encountering one) so if travelling around you often need to try and have at least 40 miles range at all times so that you can get to one and divert to another if it's faulty etc.  This is more difficult to maintain when your total available is about 60-90.  I bought a 2015 Zoe and don't regret it (I bloody love it) as my use case is mostly being lazy and driving a couple of miles places like work and the shops instead of walking, with only the occasional longer journey  Like 99% of my journeys are well under the 60-90 mile range.  BUT when the temperature is in the 0C region and below, the range fully charged drops to 60 miles or so (rather than 80 or 90 in the summer), so you do have to be constantly managing charge levels if you want to go distances.  

If it were me in my present location and I wanted to go distances more often, I'd hang on.  The 2017 version of my car with twice the range would fall into my second hand price range some time around 2019-2020 and make a big difference.  Though if you have the money for something capable of ~140 miles new or nearly-new then maybe go for it as it's a bit more practical but again it depends on the situation - the US and Canada are big places, if charging is more spaced out then maybe even that is pushing it.

It seems kind of "beta" at the moment. Case in point mine just got a firmware update to fix an overstated battery degradation level and recovered 10-20 miles worth of juice that the software didn't realise the battery still had (this bug had been lurking since the first 2012 models and was just becoming apparent recently), so that's the kind of beta-test-like experience you can have.  I just happened to want to be an early(ish) adopter because I'm a geek - though not a rich one - and was excited by it and didn't want to wait another 2-3 years to enjoy myself; plus the timing with my 2002 ICE car starting to feel like "that kind of age where it might start getting expensive as bits start failing" and wanting to quit while I'm ahead; also having already resolved that being far enough into the 21st century now, my next vehicle wouldn't use fossil fuel (well, not directly anyway.  People make the power station argument).  But could I say hand on heart that it's a highly practical no-brainer for everyone yet, no not really.  Few more years and it should be. 

I think at the moment we're seeing something a bit like early home computers, and then early smartphones, where there are great leaps year on year in the technology and what seems cutting edge now will be a dinosaur in a few years.  Who knows when that will settle, but that's when I think we'll see mass adoption.

But if you're happy being an early adopter then have a look on things like Zap Map and see where the charging stations are (that are fast and compatible with the cars you're looking at) and you may find you don't actually need massive range.  Long as you don't mind stopping for a cuppa once in a while and don't need to be able to whiz 300 miles as fast as possible at the drop of a hat :)

Edit: I saw mention of Canada, in that case bear in mind you may see more severe range drops in winter with the extreme temperatures you get there 
Shameful. Next step is appearing angry in the papers
The land maybe?  Not really sure
The one on the right is prettier, but I'd tap both tbh
Holy shit.

Well could have been a lot worse - damaged lithium polymer cells can be a bit fiery and explodey
Yeah I tweeted Walkers when they forgot the blue sachet in a couple of packs of salt n shake.  Just really to take the piss.  Not long after I had like a fiver's worth of coupons for my "complaint"
You can probably say that while wording it in a way interviewers like.  "Tesco appears to be a highly prosperous company" - there, you complimented them while saying between the lines that they're obviously in a position to give you money and continue to do so.
Straight out of Naruto
WW1 started because some random Austro-Hungarian dude got killed.
Wow that’s great. Just shows you can have affordable fast food and not have to pay peanuts. For all the bashing McDs get they seem pretty decent to me
Haha it’s not that bad unless you make it that way. I’d generally just go in for a bite to eat before a beer festival elsewhere then be on my merry way
Is that some kind of euphemism?
Mine's usually 12:58-13:58 when I have a DPD package.  Not sure what happens if it turns up at 13:59, like.

I've never known them to deliver outside the window.  Even though they're only a few streets away they seem to have one heck of a dense deliveries-to-area ratio.
Must admit I love a good parmo but of course they also vary from one place to another.

Pease pudding is lush as well
I'm loving (phrasing unintentional) the trend towards tap-to-order and just sitting there waiting for food to arrive.  Same in 'spoons with the app.  Minimal queuing and minimal social interaction etc!
Yeah, I mean... I do get that the staff are badly paid and just trying to get by etc - which is why my sort of comment usually goes down like a lead balloon as there tends to be an assumption that it's about sneering at the people who work there.  Not really my intention.  That said, yes they are young and yes they're unhappy.  I don't blame them for being that way when they're pretty much being exploited (plus they probably deal with horrible people constantly.  I've heard how service and retail can make you really see the worst in people.  Moan as I do on here, I stay polite and courteous when dealing with them) and am not seeking to look down on them, but can't accurately convey the experience without mentioning that. 

It's just that from a customer point of view, my experience is still shitty and from my perspective it doesn't (within reason) really matter *why* it's shitty.  I can only share that I've found KFC to be pretty rubbish in my experience
Woooooow /s

Our Pound World became 20p World when it was shutting, that's how you clear the shelves.
Again... they do have a right to feel safe.  And if we can somehow start holding people accountable for mouthing off on the internet then great.

Question I have is, do the police have time to deal with "threats" like that?  To be honest, I've been around the internet a few times and that's pretty standard trolling / shitposting and there's a *lot* of it out there, hence every celebrity in existence can say they get "death threats".  It's not a direct "I am going to come to your house and kill you", it's typical internet troll "pls kys" ("please kill yourself") kind of talk to impress their other 4channy mates.  When they're done with that they probably go back to sticking it to the man by spreading varying degrees of -isms.
Touché.  But McDonalds seems to do alright!
Yeah KFC is a franchise I think so I suppose it would make sense that they're not all that bad!  Will have to try for a good one sometime.
This is still going on?  I haven't been keeping 'a breast' of the situation.

Our KFC at least, is bloody hopeless.  Last couple of times I've been in it's taken forever to get served (then it's service with a scowl when you do), and then another age watching the small handful of kids sloooooooowly potter about preparing your order, then one pours the drink and just sort of dumps it on the counter 2m away in front of a bunch of other people who are waiting and nods vaguely in your direction and you're like "er... that mine?" "yuhh..." (walk over and excuse myself while I squeeze an arm through the people waiting because he couldn't be bothered to hand it over).  Eventually receive the overpriced, excessively greasy chicken and limp, lukewarm fries, hunt for a table that doesn't have salt and fries strewn all over it and generally regret the decision.

Last time I went in they were running a promotion on their phone app.  There were 2 people in front of me and it took like 10 minutes watching them move at a snail's pace and ignore the customers before eventually one resumed taking orders, I was thinking "god, finally" having been just about to give up, let them scan the barcode on the app.... and she couldn't figure out how to process it.  "It won't scan, system must be down.  What do you want?" - needless to say I politely declined the offer to purchase full price chicken and walked out.  Went to the McDonalds next door (HUGE difference in energy, they dash around like crazy in there), tapped a couple of times on their self service screens, and less than a minute later had a chicken wrap in my hand.  Which, ironically, was a lot nicer, crispier and less greasy than the last one I had at the KFC.

Waste of space.  I'd be sorry to see the redundancies but don't think it'd be a huge loss to the world if KFC was the next thing to disappear from the high street
Twitter account: "Good morning everyone!  It's Scissor Saturday!  Are you going to #LoseTheExcessHair today?  Send us your before and after pics!"
Not wishing to downplay it and everyone has a right to feel safe.  But it seems to me that anyone famous receives death threats, usually on Twitter.  It's scrotes from 4chan and the like mouthing off because being as nasty and offensive as possible is a sort of internet sport to them.  I wouldn't worry massively.  Of course, if the perpetrators get taught that mouthing off on the internet has consequences then all the better...
Pillocks
Wednesday
Already got the Chinese buffet booked.  I'm probably looking forward to it as much as she is.  nomnomnom
Because I care about why you care whether I care whether you care about whether or not the OP cares..... I think?  I'm done :P
I don’t know, why do you care whether I care whether you care about whether or not the OP cares?
What's with this sub and getting scammed today!

"If it seems too good to be true, it probably is"
why do you care whether the OP cares?
As an occasional traveller on Northern Rail 2-carriage sardine tins, I know that feeling too well.
That's the way I was taught.  Past 12 o'clock = right lane

The one a lot don't realise is that about using the right lane to go straight on if your approach was from that lane.  I tend to think of it as a bit risky on tight roundabouts as people aren't very good at staying in lane next to each other without drifting.  Also some see it as a queue jumping thing when the traffic is backed up.
I love the lion's look of disgust at whatever it's looking at
2010 wasn't that lo.... oh it was 8 years ago.  Holy crap.  Scary how quickly the years fly by once you hit your late 20s and then 30s and how much things change in "just" 8 years.
Seem to recall the biggest problem was when I was job hunting under New Labour's "New Deal" thing and had to get the same bus as all the schoolkids as they dragged us in for job search sessions at 9am.  They were buggers for dinging the bell over and over so the driver just ignored it
Aye, what we need nowadays is a 'MyBarber' app that pings you with a chair number when it's your turn
*wipes away a tear*
They might just be a grumpy lot in the Teesside area - or were in like the 70s/80s
I didn't think it was even that long ago!

I remember it was already quite... I think the term now would be 'problematic'... it just sort of got away with it.  Probably would still be fine given the pushback against PC anyway
Strict one.  I've seen one here moan about it (basically the guy stumbled when the driver slammed the brake on to stop and got a "should've stayed sat down shouldn't yer") but there's long been the unspoken thing here that the bell is optional and you can just walk towards the door and the driver sees you in the mirror - possibly with a "next stop please" if he doesn't seem to have - and pulls up at the next stop.  Not so long ago hardly anyone used the bell, maybe because it seemed impersonal

More and more are using the bell in recent years though, maybe they've also had a yelling...
Is this still regional?   My parents moved from North East to North West and my mum always says how odd she found it that everyone kept thanking the bus drivers.  No one did over there.
Well, sort of describing it, in a roundabout way
Rather lovely it is, too.  Though sugar being considered the one true evil these days, probably also one of the worst things you can have :)
Aww.  Understandable, even I got a lump in my throat seeing "reunited" on that doglost site (mind, I'm a right soft git.. don't even have a dog)
YES!!!  (Nowhere near so couldn't be of help, but ended up lurking the thread).  So nice to read that you've finally found him, I bet it was a very happy reunion :)
None of the supermarkets I've been to recently even have the 5p bags any more.  If you ask for a bag they sell you a 10p bag for life

Which is all well and good but a lot of my visits are on impulse so I end up forgetting and having to buy another bag for life and using more plastic than before all this...
It's neat... I just hardly use it because the price of the games makes my eyes water.

Splatoon is a lot of fun.  Yes it's a "family friendly" kind of game but there's something quite addictive about trying to paint the floor your colour faster than the other team paints it theirs, and it does make a change from violence (though don't get me wrong I enjoy violence too)
No wonder it took me so long to find employment with

Hi mate,

Giz a job?  I'll do owt.

Ta
They ended last Sunday
If there's a loo in there somewhere, I guarantee there's been a drunk male seeing if his pee will reach it from the bed at some point.  If not, there'll have been one trying to hit the wash basin...
I'd just use parcel2go to get an idea of what's available and then use the couriers directly.  I've noticed they sometimes have more lax restrictions for the same price, and more insurance options
Yeah alcohol isn't a requirement for acting like a teenager when you're actually a teenager :)

I think we were in our 20s...
ouchie ouch

Yeah don't mess with trollies when you get trollied, people

I have a feeling many learn this at some stage or other...
Ah you know me too well.
I'm jealous about the 3 hours but not the migraines...
Nah certainly not.  The cops do a good thing

Just the way it's all "like and share for are brave boys" at the end reminds me of it a bit
Cheers

Kind regards or just regards if it's formal
+1

That's a sarnie that deserves to be eaten naked.
Yeah I've got that one.  Real bitch of a cough that makes people think you've been smoking 40 a day for the last 20 years?

Makes a change from the full-on manflu thing at least.
Having tried everything everyone's mentioned myself over the years, your body might just need 10 hours.  Mine does.  My life is basically endless tiredness (because screw losing 10 hours a day), it sucks but you sort of get used to it 
Ouch, that's gotta hurt.

Source: group of mates pushed drunk mate into a barrier in a trolley once on a night out and he was in a lot of pain.... and that was quite slowly without the bounce-out
11 years.

Really I should've moved on as the pay is rubbish for what I do (IT) and I've never known the atmosphere between employees to be much above frosty.  But the risks of upheaval + stress of interviews + comfort zones + being just down the road from home... still part of the furniture instead.
Same.  I was like "well that warmed my heart this morning" followed by "oh right it's propaganda"
/r/videosthatendtoosoon/

I wanted to see him trying to get back up!

I take it he wasn't in a position to just cancel the thing and order another...
If you see it

Bag it

Bin it

We'll get it sorted
Why did the chicken cross the road?

That's how far its insides splatter when it's hit at 60mph
/r/jesuschristreddit
Think I've got that in my 'temp' folder somewhere, hold on...
Wouldn't mind if they left feedback as mods usually do on other subs.  Ah well... britishproblems can have it :P
Especially with Dot crossing over from Eastenders!

Seems this got removed, wonder if it was because of the swear or because it was a bit tongue in cheek about June Brown...
No.

Might be tempted if it was a cyclist trundling along at 15-20 and with more certainty about the road ahead, though technically that'd be wrong too
It didn't do any good this time as the article didn't really add much!
We do have control though.  See the discussion one reply down as it seems needless to repeat it here https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/826pwa/eu_phone_roaming_charges_to_return_post_brexit/dv80ad4/
Yep.   I'm not convinced immigration is a bad thing.  More people, more things to do, more jobs, more wealth.  A lot of them become doctors so not really seeing the "strain on the NHS" argument either.  Free roaming FTW
Yeah I mean our group tends to split equally to avoid any time consuming fuss at the end, it just means it turns into a bit of a race sometimes (say you have a fast drinker who wants to make the most of the arrangement), or someone is left awkwardly asking if they can contribute a bit less having only had a starter or whatever.  Social etiquette is complicated... and sometimes makes you consume more than necessary in my experience (or weak will!).

There is an association with success I think.  

My thinking is somewhere in the middle in terms of quality and quantity - I'm not into that extreme fine dining where you get a little drizzle over something that occupies a tiny area in the middle of the plate and walk away hungry, but don't need heaps either.  However, here's another thing, it's difficult for me (and perhaps why I don't eat out very often so as not to gain weight) not to clear my plate.  It's absolutely psychologically ingrained - if it's on my plate, it's going down.  I'm sure it's far from just me.  One possible help I've seen with this is some places now have "more on the smaller side" as standard but have a "go large if you're especially hungry" option.  It makes you feel like a pig if you go large :)  I think that helps.
Thanks for clarifying.  I'll stop blindly blurting out comments based on an el reg article now...!
Nah, it's inhospitable to human life and scientists haven't found a way for anyone to exist there yet.
It'd be kind of cool, especially if you could have some kind of implant for browsing reddit undetected :)  But it's such a can of worms, I don't think it's something I'd want to encourage.  All too easy for Google or the government to use things like that for monitoring purposes.
Sometimes, admittedly, I just want to gorge myself like everyone else (and then spend the next week working it back off.  4 years at healthy weight so far suggests thankfully I don't do it too often).  But yeah, there's definite enjoyment in the "quality over quantity" thing.

One other psychological issue in restaurants is if you're sharing and bill splitting with those who could eat and drink for England :)  You think "I need to get my fair share here".  Which is dumb really, as you're 'harming' yourself just over a sense of not wanting to feel like you're subsidising everyone else, just hard to tell yourself that.
Yeah something like that.  If it's just "we don't like this company, this company or this company as they have too much money" I think they'll be up in arms, but if they can define "once you start doing these particular things that monopolise bits of the internet you're in for this tax" that'd come off fairer... even if it does just basically target those four.

(Mind, that could be the plan anyway and just el reg mentioning those four to grab the clicks - they're not really known for the greatest journalism imo)
Yeah that's true, just a case of making sure you take the time to find the right resources.  For some, it might be easier to just grab a book by someone they trust
Exactly, 'definition of celebrating' pretty much nails it.  Hell, I still get involved with that myself (just trying not to make it every time, as there are so many birthdays and other 'special occasions' in life and now everyone is pushing "national pie weeks" etc as well - celebrating them all like that basically means 'it's special if there's a letter y in the day' and a quick path to obesity)

I honestly don't think that's something that can change overnight.  A cultural shift for something that ingrained must take decades, and something (even if just "very nice food just not a table full of it") to make it still feel like a celebration
Singling out specific companies?  I'm sure that'll go down well...
Oh there we go, blaming the victim!
It needs a lifestyle and eating habits change with a view to reaching and maintaining a healthy weight / body fat %.

"A diet" is obviously easier for brevity but it's one of those situations where I think the language could genuinely benefit from another synonym (I know, I know) as "diet" just conjures up images in a lot of people's minds of those crash diets from the 80s and 90s, basically of women starving themselves on lettuce and low fat yogurt until they can fit in a dainty red dress with no waist.  And only briefly, because it has an end date and it's too severe, and they think "thank fuck for that I'm sick of starving myself" and put it all back on with interest.

Needless to say it's a gender neutral problem (judging by the fact places like Weight Watchers are 90% women, I don't think our society has really got that message yet).. and the image needs to be more "people of any age and gender need to be more mindful of what they eat and how much exercise they get, try to run a realistic long term deficit if they're overweight and follow through with lifetime maintenance when healthy".  If there's a weight loss period involved then that should include getting used to a permanent new lifestyle, not being made to think "shit I can't want to get to the end of this". The infrastructure is there thanks to the advances pushed by the food regulators over the past decade or two, everything is labelled with calories and people are used to the traffic light system etc, now it needs to be something people actually want to do.

We also, somehow, need a cultural shift away from "eating out, especially for any special occasion, means you always have to gorge yourself on a portion big enough to feed an army for 2 weeks and chase it with a sugary sweet thing" (it's okay to sometimes. Not every time)
Always seek consent before putting your thing into the bagging area, then it shouldn't be a problem.
I've seen people saving worse things for years in jars.  

Still, gross.
Actually I think it's pretty cool.  But we have a lighthouse.  On land.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hoad_Monument
Couldn't find a 40 year old Nigel in the online obituaries notices for the Cornwall area, I don't know if that really (dis)proves anything but seems to suggest if that's his real identity then he may still be alive
I have plenty of bottle caps and want to keep my karma
Yep. The one advertised here is 251kcals IIRC, easily incorporated into a healthy lifestyle.  Not that I ever do or anything ^(,he lied) ;)
My eyesight is just fine, I don't get peepy at anything!
Well, it has a lot of opinions.  That's the problem with looking these things up online vs. some properly researched publication.

It can work if you have the time to sift the good advice from the random opinions and folklore though :)
Not just using the mobile app and keeping your phone charged...
I hate the mush at the bottom when you lose a dunk.  But I suppose if you got the biscuit to tea ratio right it could work.  I'd rather do it with something alcoholic though...

Either way, have an upvote for 'snackrilege'
Pop down to Tesco and buy 24 loaves of bread.
Yeah called that one.  Thankfully I wasn't on holiday when I called it!

Back to something daft like £2/MB, lovely.  But hey, at least we have *control over are borders*
Yeah some combination like that.

Certainly true in theory.  I do remember from being a kid myself it always seemed a bit of a lottery whether your uniform for a year was comfy as hell (some years I'd end up wearing it through the evenings and not changing) or rough and scratchy and like 6.5 hours of torture where you can't wait to get out of it.

Perhaps if the suppliers were uniform and all of the comfortable type :)
There are some e.g. with autism (which for some reason or another is more prevalent nowadays) who would be a lot more emotionally settled in a comfortable t-shirt they like, have sensory issues with scratchy uniforms etc.

It's perhaps more of an argument in favour of exceptions than abandoning uniforms altogether, but then you'd have every kid saying "how come he gets to wear normal clothes and I don't" so it's not an easy one.  It's also not easy in that depending what they choose to wear it could encourage bullying so someone going in wearing ponies or whatever would need to be ready to stand up for themselves and sometimes they might not be as good at it as they envisaged.

So I can see both sides really but the autism issue is one I know from a friend on the spectrum and somewhat with cousins.
>Some of the women raising concerns say they are being silenced when they just want an open discussion.

The problem of our time.  People fear what they don't understand and what is new and different to them, it's a natural human response, but the phenomenon gets slapped with a "-phobia" - which has a lot of negative connotations now - and said people dismissed as bigots.  I really do think it'd be more constructive to try to empathise a little, lay off the inflammatory language (as the more PC-minded tend to ask for themselves) and try to understand and respond to those fears as society gets more used to transpeople stepping out of the shadows.  Whilst there are a lot of actual bullies and bigots out there, I don't think it's a majority or even in the numbers often implied.

And I'm on their side really, I don't see why someone should be indirectly accused of perversion for wanting to use the toilets for the gender they identify as or to have gender neutral ones.  They have a hard enough life with the dysphoria and such without people being arseholes to them.  I just fear the social progressives aren't helping themselves at the moment
*uses intoxicate... it's super effective*
The "IMHO" was implied, and I meant sceptics over whether it's an overall positive for the consumer, not whether it's profitable for Netflix.
I'd raise an eyebrow if Jamie Oliver put his sausage in my pie.
Yeah, there's the effort aspect.  I tend to rip them to my NAS and play from there.  Still effort, but can all be done in one go when it arrives
Should've panic bought 20 packs of custard creams instead of loaves of bread!
This thread is worthless without pics
One of the reasons (along with the price hikes) that I finally ditched Netflix.  For the amount I watch, I might as well put that money aside monthly and get box sets off eBay, which won't be pulled from under my feet.

I'm done with rented media, the sceptics were right.
One of my locals won "Pie of Britain" a little while ago (well, a decade ago) with theirs.  That one.  It has Cumberland sausage, ham, chicken and a cheese and sage sauce in it.  Absolutely lush.

Shortcrust, of course.  I hope people aren't nominating that puff pastry nonsense in here.
Properly cringing at the racism in the comments on that site.

I wonder how many ducks and geese were spared from angel wing during this mini apocalypse!
Shit, that's when my auctions end... someone's getting an iPhone for about £2 next weekend
Vers.

Great on chips, fish finger sandwiches, egg sandwiches, sometimes even salad.
unfortunately you'd have to be, as the view of it being queue jumping is extremely prevalent here and you'd be sat there for hours if you went all the way to the lane closure and tried to merge in.  90%+ of people would try to stop you.
I can open the door myself thank you very much!
Yeah that's the method I settled on after a lot of reading around
I decided to go with an official leather case.  I had one in the iPhone 6 days and it kept it pristine (probably due to the microfibre lining).  CeX are selling them for £20 (less than half the price of new) and a lot of people are reporting that theirs turn up as-new.  Hopefully mine will be too!

For the screen I may leave it naked.  Tried a 2-pack of tempered glass screen protectors and just couldn't get them on without trapping dust (it came with a little frame for alignment and that actually hindered more than it helped).  I know it'll get microscratches in the coating, but oh well.  At least I'll enjoy looking at it in the meantime without a bunch of bubbles, haha.  I have a feeling that not obsessively cleaning it actually helps with avoidance as the layer of finger oil probably acts as a barrier.
Just needs a splash of soy sauce
There are show offs for everything aren't there.  Though I'm not all that fussed about it.  On the other hand, /r/britishproblems being like 90% "there's snow" is getting a tad old.
Thanks.  I'll use it to protect the device while awaiting a replacement then get it sent back 'not as described'

Would normally return unopened but I need something to protect it over the weekend - hopefully that's not long enough for the hard material to cause any damage of its own!
You sure?  The listing I linked to does say "Light but durable TPU material" in the marketing bumf.  That's not to say they would be the first manufacturer to bend the truth...

Edit: Looks like their Amazon entry does lie.  The cheeky swines....  I'll review accordingly and get any case that's not Spigen then!
Even an easy way to get custom ones on would be nice.  Using third party utilities to create an m3r file and having to dust off iTunes of all archaic things is... well, archaic.
Look up "Cyber Clean", that's worth a go.  It's a sort of putty that you squish in and pull out and it's meant to take the dirt with it.

As it's a waterproof phone I wonder if rinsing is ok?  That's not advice though, just thinking.
Nice one thanks.  I think it also does this if you try to launch the app, too.

iOS has one heck of a lot of hidden features - I don't know if that's particularly good UI practice, but it's fun discovering and learning them.
I always go for TPU cases.  It's a type of plasticy-rubbery-stuff that is soft to the touch and a little flexible but not hard plastic or soft rubber.

I've found that soft rubber has a tendency to end up with grit behind it rubbing on the back/sides of the phone and causing scuffs, and that hard plastic often rubs on the phone and causes scuffs itself.  TPU is the only type I've known, aside from the official leather case with the microfibre lining, that has actually protected the phone and not caused scuffs.  What I also love about TPU is it slides in and out of your pocket without dragging a coating of lint with it.

Even though it's a pricey phone I don't think you need to spend a fortune on a case.  ~~Spigen have a good reputation, I ordered this slim one (yet to arrive): https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/product/B07482W96J~~  don't get Spigen, see comments below
Now that was a Pokemon episode with feels...

Predictably, the snow here has done the usual - largely melted and re-frozen, making everywhere lethal.
imgur works well.  For now anyway - as ever with services that are too free to be true, I'm sure profit maximisation will kill it off eventually til we find another
If you got an irritated vag I feel bad for you hon.   I got 99 problems, but an itch ain’t one
Same.  I’m always like “um yeah, hi” then having to explain I’m browsing a couple of times when asked if I want help.  Not a fan of “watch you like a hawk” kind of shops
Thanks for explaining that in layman’s terms
"Your package from DPD has been delivered"

Snow? Psssssh.  That's only a concern for Royal Fail.
I'm just going to use this as the 'reason' I stared at it for 10 minutes and couldn't see it.
Pretty much everything.  Most recently pick n mix, but I can blame another thread for that.
Well played.  It's very easy to end up with the standard view of "it's someone else's job"
So I can't have them as toys for my hamster?  Aww.
Fair answer :P

I'd go Pizza then - Chinese never seems to fill me up unless it's a buffet or I'm spending a fortune
"or" is a bore.  Why not both!
That's some serious disgust!
Curry’s are universally useless. It pains me to see other places shut while they somehow manage to cling on
It stuck here but there's only like an inch of it so it's business as usual.  Except for my deliveries, which are delayed
When my parents were into ham radio they'd bounce signals off there.  Hmm....
I have a few emails offering help with that...
That's a shame... it's overpriced, but useful when you need the odd electronic bits and bobs quickly, or have gadgety people to browse for gifts for.

However, this one doesn't surprise me at all - every time I've gone in in the past couple of years they've been way overstaffed, just 5 or 6 people stood around (mostly forming a welcoming committee at the doorway) and maybe 1 or 2 customers at a time.
[Poppy the hamster having cauliflower and snuggles](https://i.imgur.com/Ci6Noaxl.jpg?1)
Sad state of affairs.  Loved having a gander round there at Christmas ^(n-not that the wealth of horsie merch distracted me from buying things for other people or anything!)

One of the few retail companies that didn't deserve it IMO, one reason: STOCK.  Yet "oh... um... the stock indicator must be wrong, all we can find is empty boxes, you can have the beat  up display model for full price or we can order one for you?" shitholes like Currys still continue to exist.  Protip for beating the internet retailers: have stock you can buy same-day!  Unless you're TrU... then try to get the basics right too...
Ah a rarely seen advert for the restaurant at the end of the universe
Not bad!  There are a couple missing from our town, but to be honest, they're crap pubs anyway so no one is missing anything important.
Yay someone got the reference :D
os.delete("monkey.chr");
Poor Monkey <3
Yeah that's more realistic.  When I were a lad (some 20 years ago now) and there was snow we'd all pop the radio on hoping to hear it's shut but I don't think it did even once.   Their view was more along the lines of "when you start working you'll be expected to crawl in if you have to, so we're only preparing you"
Duvet tester sounds good to me right now.

Chocolate taster is all well and good unless you want to keep to a particular weight, and beer/wine tasters tend to have to spit it out
A lot of doctored signs here too.  The person riding a horse has gained armour.
4th one - what Jony Ive said to Phil Schiller at Apple when he suggested removing the headphone jack
That. Is. Adorable.

I imagine picking up after it on walks is hard work though...
Now there's a household with no women!
Didn't they employ the owner of b3ta at one point?  Might explain why they're so intertwined in the internet banter kind of scene.
Check out that sexy milk
Ew, multi blade cartridges.

Much cheaper and better for your skin to go the safety razor route!  /r/wicked_edge/
Desperate times, desperate measures.  It worked out!
I honestly don't find T9 too bad.  The main thing I realised was how much I rely on maps/GPS these days.

The other thing is my mates tend to communicate via Facebook Messenger.  The Nokia 215 is actually better for this as you can use an actual Messenger app (Java based IIRC) with push notifications - yup, push on a dumbphone - which the 3310 lacks.
Better shake off a bit of weight before putting it back on at the Chinese Buffet then!
Oldham: https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/uncyclopedia/images/e/e7/Rotten_ham.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20110624175650

Peckham: https://pics.me.me/eat-ham-23856934.png
Interesting thanks.  Sounds like it'd ultimately be a case of making up the time which I think was the other option offered when a few people couldn't get in due to trains a few years back.

All hypothetical anyway - last time it snowed badly enough to be "snowed in" around here was about 25 years ago, and even then it'd be feasible to walk it.  The site would never be shut as the boss lives a 5 minute walk away (and usually drives it in a 4x4)
You've just given me visions of a not-too-far-off dystopian future where you say something like "Siri, call the emergency services" and it just sits there reassuring you that 'help is coming' while your life slowly drains away...
Can confirm.  Got the new 3310.  It was a novelty for all of 2 minutes and has been sat on a shelf ever since...
If that happened here they'd follow up with "please choose whether you'd like to take it out of your holidays or deduct the hours from your pay".  No such thing as a free lunch (or day)!
Order me some mozzarella sticks while you're at it!
It works astoundingly well.  I 'discovered' it at a buffet where they only had margarita left so I went to the salad bar in search of toppings and threw on pineapple and jalapeno for the heck of it.  The day my life changed <3
ayyy jalapineapple best pizza!
I'm glad others know the delights of pineapple and jalapeno!  Sometimes I just stick with those two!
> consider yourself thanked for all the doors that are still to come

Genius.  I feel a company-wide email coming on!
Sounds absolutely disgusting.

So par for the course when it comes to food posts on /r/casualuk!
Not the first time he's done that (unless it's a repeat).  He can be a bit of a sore loser
Indeed I can't see them firing anyone for one incident.  Since it'd be hard to pass off "was rude to a customer once" as gross misconduct so at worst I imagine they'd get a warning.  Unless they already have a habit of it of course, but employment law is fairly protective of people's livelihoods in the "out of character because it's the time of the month, the child was a little shit this morning, and the family pet just died" kind of one off scenario.

Another approach if not wanting to get the individual into trouble could be to only specify the store.  Then I'd imagine the store would just get an internal memo reminding them not to be dicks to the customers.
You’re a lot nicer than me :)

I’d not exactly be too sorry to cause someone to get at least a bollocking for “banning” a customer for having the mere audacity of asking them to stop yapping and do her job. It sounded a pretty rude response to me. I’d be giving their names to corporate, tbh. 
Sounds wonderful, I hate ending up in rounds.
This was my thought as well.  Even walking across the zebra crossings as Tesco earlier I almost got mowed down.  I was halfway across but she just gave no shits and decided to drive through anyway and nearly run my toes over.  Now imagine trying to keep an easily distracted kiddo safe.... I’d be terrified.
Dog prosecco??

Does it make you feel a bit “ruff” in the morning?

You can get beer from spoons
It was a can of some kind of foam cleaner, far as I remember.  Yeah I’m totally going to drink this stuff meant for carpets or whatever.
About 6-7mm at the bottom seems about normal going by other pics.  Not sure about the sides, but they seem about right.  I do have a hard case on it.
The warranty doesn't cover accidental damage, which is how Apple classes any cracked LCD.

(In the US I think there's AppleCare+ which does at an extra cost, but that isn't available in the UK)
I just had a look in both, for science. In Barrow at least, the B&M selection is extremely basic. The Wilko one however is amazing, about 4-5x the size and way more variety than you can fit in one cup. It was also busy, and this was just the adults, dread to think what it’s like about this time (looks like the schools just emerged)
Ha!

Of course, I'm not suggesting to actually eat there... wave at it on the way to Pound Bakery
It's funny, I was thinking before I clicked "yeah I'm a member, mostly because of Leighton Moss".  Brilliant place.  Right on the doorstep for me too :)

Have a few pics I took there

https://scontent-lhr3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/10492582_10153182527948313_3155016271590827045_n.jpg?oh=ccc4338e6524e87f66e29c4c6c24f584&oe=5B206970

https://scontent-lhr3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/10915337_10153182524533313_1770617622408586316_n.jpg?oh=29c9a6224d8fac93656608b34df99778&oe=5B4B92A7

https://scontent-lhr3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/10996805_10153182524358313_5216317764268264582_n.jpg?oh=1b31587fb2f905ce6e9f3ba251fc4001&oe=5B20E3A0

https://scontent-lhr3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/13118937_10154256987708313_6053371205029310604_n.jpg?oh=746b52cae63785c6e933711c924c2fb2&oe=5B0D99E0
Or dumping you in the recycling box
Doner Kebab?  They usually seem like a good idea when you're drunk
Slagiatt just needs an umlaut somewhere and it'd pass off as a wardrobe from Ikea.
It's the face you make when you wander into Merchants and realise you're spelunking
It's opposite the station - a few doors away from the Fishergate shopping centre entrance :)
Well, there's the Fishergate Bollard: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-lancashire-43072071

There's the first KFC in the country

Other than that, I can't think of a lot; I'm sometimes there for lil horsie meets (in Dice and Donuts, which is a nice place if you like nerdy board game cafes) and mostly see it as a shopping city.   Except that time 2 Christmases ago when we got evacuated thanks to someone putting an explodey thing in the bogs.
Don't eat it all at once!

Or do, it's your life.

Got to love it when you catch the big supermarkets at the right time, at least if you don't have to push your way past Captain Picard and co.
Downside to the learning process: "are you ever coming out of there???" (there is no such thing in this house as "a time you are unlikely to be disturbed" unless maybe at 5am or something)

So you end up rushing and cutting yourself

TIL cuts on the lip sting like mad and turn into a bloodbath
Perhaps :)  I have a feeling the very "un-PC" nature of a lot of the humour hasn't aged too well.
Yay b3tans!
Happy birthday!

My cousin's too.  I am full of pizza and nibbles as a result.
I have noticed this pattern with diesel.  Must admit I probably would, the smell of it makes me heave (petrol is fine)

Chances are my next car will be electric so that'll be a whole other adventure.
All makes sense - though I do wonder what they're doing with the pump to get bollock sweat on it :)
That actually went really well (1). Think the past is behind us. 

Even found out my cousin is a fellow fan of the cartoon pastel horsies, which made my day :)
Must be confusing it with a gas station :)
That’s a fair point. You’d want to keep completely diesel free for that!
Yeah exactly, though as you say, said pet isn't exactly able to delete you.

It was just a fun little thought, though it seems like a bad idea, was just really thinking.

Point taken I'm paranoid about spoiling people's experiences!
Enforced snuggles!

Eh I dunno, never mind, this post was a bad idea, I was just trying to be mildly philosophical and have a bit of fun ^^;
True true!

Just a fun little thought!
Sorry, it doesn't help that I derped the post!

You're the pet.  Monika is the owner.  So if you're a hamster for example all you want is to be free and run away (well, and maybe mate with some of you own kind ;)).  But whenever you try, your owner keeps catching you and forcing their love on you.

Mind, I don't tend traumatise my pets' friends :P
FYI I have found the same.  No amount of re-running Kext Utility would do it so I deleted AppleHDA_20672.kext and installed the one linked above, now it works perfectly.

The volume control resets after sleep/resume (though the volume itself remains the same so no nasty surprises) and the volume display is generally a bit funky but I recall on other machines you don't get any audio at all after sleep so I'll take that :)
Ah it's not so bad as long as you go through Beer on the way too
What the actual....

Bring on the apocalypse, the humanity experiment is a fail
It looks kind of hard

And you probably have to go through Curry Mallet to get there
We chatted for hours, it was probably the best day of her life.

Then I deleted her.  Because I'm a monster!
Pretty uneventful week, just work. 

Tomorrow we are visiting what’s left of the relatives for “Christmas” (having felt too awkward to try at the time).  Absolutely dreading it. Last time we saw each other was a shouting scene that would put Eastenders to shame 

It’s sure to go one of two ways, just not sure which

1) all is well and friendly and it’s like nothing ever happened

2) another Eastenders but worse

Either way I’ll be ready for a few drinks by the evening. 
Not been banned from anywhere.

Got kicked out of a night club once, this was around 1999 when for some reason the school 6th form organised regular "socials" (i.e. binge drinking sessions) for the students.  Even if you were like, 17.  I have little to no memory of it, a few vague flashbacks of spewing up gallons outside apparently over the side of an unimpressed taxi driver's car, and a few cringey memories of being found as a confused crying mess on the ground by a neighbour and transported home.

I *think* I got kicked out for being too drunk, during my wobble away from the gents... or somewhere in the dark recesses of my memory suggests the possibility of thinking it was a good idea to return with the old chap still sticking out, so it might have been that.  I do remember a bouncer just shoving me out from behind without saying a word.
Hopefully by next winter I'll have an electric car.  And those come with the advantage of timed pre-heat :)
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)

Walked into that
This is the only one I come to daily.  The others are niche stuff (e.g. /r/DDLC) and a few subscriptions that pop up on my home such as /r/funny and /r/aww
Ha, very true.

Had one last weekend, just because.  It didn't seem that big to me.
Oh, bollards!

Got to love the whinging from the sore losers who didn't get nominated.  Get a sense of humour, put a smile on your face, maybe then you'll be in a better chance :)
B&M always strikes me as the spirit of Woolies, so this would make sense.  Will have to pop in and have a go.
That's a great thing to do for her, I bet she'll be grateful for the happy retirement :)

If she's happy going there and has a good vet, she couldn't ask for better.  There are no experienced hamster vets in our area - nearest that does anything, and did the amputation, is an hour drive away - and their response to when she started deteriorating was "if you bring her in we'd most likely put her to sleep for you".  Sometimes that's all they can do, and they feel that if an elderly hammy has gone through being brought in then it's sort of 'owed' to them.  A vet who'll do more for an elderly hamster would be a great asset :)

Best of luck!
Hard to say... ours is jumpy, generally at any sort of noise or unexpected touch, but she's still young (and was extremely scared as a baby prior to us taking her on) and new and full of nerves.

I will say, and I don't want to scare you this is just my experience of one hamster, but our previous got like that in her final month or so.  I suspect she had internal pains she was hiding.  Generally fine and happy to come out for cuddles (meaning, as always, me attempting to cuddle vs. her scrambling over my arm trying to get away and explore!) but every now and again when petting her it's like you caught a nerve and she'd jump or even backflip.  

24 months is on the elderly side, they can make it to 3 (think I've even heard of 4 very rarely) but I'd say it depends on their history.  Ours was about 24-27 months but had a leg amputation after an accident and whilst she survived the anaesthetic (never a certainty with hamsters) it aged her quite noticeably. 

Don't panic and I'm not an expert, can only share my experience.

The other thing I noticed with Holly is that she went deaf towards the end.  That's something to consider, if she's not reacting to noises - obviously it means more chance of being startled when touched.

Adorable picture, she looks very much like Holly... she made the same sad face while recovering from anaesthetic but as you infer, they seem to have a 'resting sad face' when they're not lively :)
Yep, I agree with this analysis!

I didn't know either, our previous ham never seemed to show them but our second spent the first day frantically rubbing her sides all over the cage (to cover up the remaining scent of her predecessor, presumably - we cleaned thoroughly but hamster noses are something else) to the point they showed up like that.  I don't think there's anything to worry about unless there's discharge, they moisten up when they're in use and that makes them more pronounced.
There's nothing award winning about our local one.  Though one that shut down about a decade ago won a few "awards" from the FSA, so to speak...
Ah, as in clearly superior taste!
Thanks for the advice and encouragement, will keep at it.  I used a tip I saw of holding the razor at the end and letting the weight of it do the work, though that only works for the down strokes of course.

Think I know what direction the hair grows in, but might just have to grow it out for a few days to check!
Same here, hard case, soft case, bag.  And I'm sure I saw someone reacting to a similar story with "oh it must be the hard case, they're such tiny tolerances it must be just too much pressure and crack the screen" but I'm really not buying that!

It's with a repair company at the moment having fortunately been insured, but less fortunately the insurer doesn't use an Apple Authorised Service Provider so when I do get it back it'll be with a void manufacturer's warranty and using a refurb screen.  Still, better than what was looking like a £700 bill from a bit of googling.  £400 at best using a second hand screen.  Chances are my total spend with the insurer will end up more when all is said and done in a few years, but I'd rather that than a sudden £700 bill, to be fair.
One thing led to another and it really got [](/s "weird").  We [](/s "chatted") for hours and hours until eventually I just couldn't bear it any longer and finally [](/s "deleted her and regretted nothing")
Hehe same, I have a big nobbly one of my neck that I know to stay away from but this mostly flat 'just slightly raised' one on the side of my chin (and hard to spot in the mirror due to angle) is a lot easier to catch without realising

Hmm... my post is at 0 so it may be a little unwelcome.. I'll have to have a closer look at the rules or maybe talk about it elsewhere
Thanks!

XD   I don't have the heart to ^(yet).. even after... everything....
Hmm... possibly a fan of Sayori, just a hunch.... ;)
Just did the good ending.  110% worth it, made it all worthwhile :)
Cool, go and nick my laptop back from the new pc / gadget repair warehouse / whatever the hell they're trading as today seeing as I'm getting less and less convinced with every passing week that they're a legit company and actually going to get around to repairing and returning it...
Be glad he didn't call you an absolute leg end!
Aye, you're not wrong.  Someone brought in cake yesterday too.  Weight maintenance is looking tricky this week...
I'm still astonished this is a thing.  I had a browser plugin that did something like this once
Ha, it does :D

Though I work where they part manufacture some of these and I've only seen yellow ones.  Bit of tweaking, or legit?  Either way, cannot unsee.
You little.... *throws Rarity's cat at her face*
You have about 6 more days to acquire this glory as they're a limited edition for some reason!
Behold! https://www.theregister.co.uk/2018/02/02/morrisons_pizza_competition/
No but I think it's a fine idea, much like buying advent calendars and easter eggs late.  No one's going to care.  Unless you have kids looking forward to it of course

I'm having its cousin later, yorkshire pud.  Now the hype has died down over the pizza ones in Morrisons you can finally get them.
Good work!

I forgot to do anything on day 1, it was raining for my lunch hour and I completely forgot in the evening.  Oh well.
Yeah I've not shipped anything that big but I noticed that parcel2go seems like it has its own unique rules.  I'd check what services are offered by the likes of DPD, UPS etc directly.  Usually you can haul it to your nearest Bargain Booze or something and have it picked up.
Salt on pancakes and now salt on crumpets?  What is wrong with people?
Yes I'd say that's why and heck I'm a raging leftie myself (according to political compass anyway) and even I find it ridiculous.  Gates changed a lot since he stepped down from CEO of Microsoft.  We all thought he was going to just amass money and sit on it, and now it's his full time job giving it away, helping the third world etc.  He's not given it all away overnight, but that's good, it'd be a stupid thing to do, like betting your whole life savings on one thing.

There are a heck of a lot of socialists in these comments who seem less concerned about the existential threat to humanity and more that the Evil Rich are stopping them from being able to afford better quality champagne.
Check under the carpets for any crusty deposits
Dear right hand,

Love you loads, looking forward to tonight xx


Nice thing is with all the fancy food being sold, the Morrisons yorkshire pudding pizzas are back in stock.  I'll be having one of those.
Sure I put a tenner on a horse by that name at one point^(I don't actually have any interest in horse racing)^(Except that time I had a flutter on Many Clouds a couple of years ago and won)
Unless it's to go to the Chinese Buffet.  That place is excellent.
I guess it should, at least if you trust the adhesive!

The rings I got were embarrassingly expensive ("special offer" of £20 for 2!) but come with clips so you can hang it in car etc without the usual big clamp things and a lifetime warranty that I'm holding them to!  They're very good to be fair, I use the other one on my small tablet that I use for Pokemon Go and it makes it easier to wander about with.
Not a city, I live in a small town in Northern England (on not the greatest pay) with my parents.  

Which leads me to make the usual disclaimer upon mentioning that: I'm aware living with parents is considered pretty much a sin in the US - it's less frowned upon over here.  They want me around, I plan to look after them when they get old and I try to make sure I pay my share of things.  That all said, I'm definitely privileged to be in this position and able to do the save-up pots - many are simply not able to and have to live paycheque to paycheque.
Nice innovative idea to use the holes like that, I like it!

Already spent more than I should have on a phone ring, and now my phone can no longer lie flat - I prefer this cheaper and simpler idea.
It's a safety net.  I'm debt free, have save-up 'pots' (in a spreadsheet) and have no need or desire to get a house - but if circumstances force me to borrow temporarily then it'd be nice not being refused.
It's so personal to your budget, how much you enjoy driving (got to live a little if you do), what kind of "oomph" you're used to having etc.  I've heard some saying that certain types of leasing called "PIP" here can work out well but personally, I can't get past the huge depreciation that happens in the first year or two (heck as soon as a new car rolls off the forecourt) so would always go second hand and cash where possible.

I'm looking at about £6-7k personally and probably electric.  With battery hire and slightly higher insurance my monthly running costs would about break even, but there's less to break down and maintain at least in theory.
I really should.  It's only about a 20-25 minute walk.  It's getting up earlier I always have a problem with!

Next car will probably be electric so that'll all but eliminate the costs of doing lots of short journeys, but of course electric cars don't count as 'frugal' yet due to high purchase cost and battery hire.
I was never able to find one.  IMO, something like a second hand iPhone 5S makes a great low cost 'dumb'phone.  Still not too laggy, and if you treat it as a dumbphone then you should never notice even if it does lag.
I spent the first few days of January trying to "go dry".  Bugger that for a game of soldiers, every 5 minutes now society expects you to stop this and give up that because it's some date or other.  I'm giving up on giving up.
Judging by our Weight Watchers group, it didn't really change at New Year but had a huge influx of people this month who I guess had been waiting for the nonexistent New Year crowd to die down.   So it's possible it may have just shifted forward in some cases...
Never managed to form the habit.  Really should though as brushing twice a day isn't preventing plaque for me and going to the hygienist to have it removed is bloody expensive.
Nice pic indeed!  Now await your roasting for bringing a phone/camera to a gig ;)
Dammit no I want fish and chips.  Need to go stare at some pancakes again.

Our building has that rule as well, though it expanded to "just no smelly food please", they just got sick of things stinking out the corridors.
Listened to Sia a lot recently.  

Decided to check her out after she did a song for a movie I liked, and found it refreshing to see a modern pop star who can genuinely sing (I'm probably just getting old as I think literally everyone's parent has said this but "so much modern music seems like soulless mimed copies of each other").  There's a lot of variety and entertainment value to her songs.  It's full of energy so I tend to find it good walking/exercise music.
Interesting, thanks for sharing.

I went through a similar thing when learning about autism in my old job (which was largely mental health support related), never tried to get diagnosed though.  I'm not terribly keen on being labelled and put in a 'box'.  Which ironically is probably part of the undiagnosed suspected-aspergers.
Good to see Reddit comments adhering to the tradition of terrible puns.
He's got the voice for it I suppose, it just doesn't seem like something he'd really enjoy doing.  Still, I'd give it a watch.
The Chase and Eggheads (which my parents watch religiously every day) feel like they've been going since the dawn of time at this point.  I'd love to see something different, even if it's a revival of that.  Bring on the Anne bot from Doctor Who!
Erm, can't really remember.  It was a few years ago.  I think it was around the time that a site I went to that was about friendship and flowers and ponies and blehhh, really started to get toxic.  I heard Redditors were typically quite friendly and trolls kept quiet (or put off altogether) by the voting system so decided to check out the sub for the same subject.  It was actually really boring as they just shared art and only ever did text posts on Thursdays, so I didn't really bother with it.  But I also found out there's a sub for literally everything.  

I liked how in most subs I tried, everyone seemed quite 'chilled', friendly and level headed - this was around the time politics was starting to get a bit silly online and it was refreshing to see people discussing those subjects in a relatively mature and rational manner (though I didn't find our politics-free zone until recently and at this point I think that's better still).  Same goes for other typically fiery subjects like religion and what smartphone OS one prefers.

Can't quite recall how I stumbled across this sub either.  Most likely a x-post from BritishProblems.  But I like the lighthearted, fun loving atmosphere.
Indeed, and it kept me guessing all the way

Plus it has a serious side in really making you think about [](/s "depression") - I don't have it myself but some friends have and it's actually a little eerie how well my interactions and mistakes matched the main character's [](/s "except for the suicide of said friend, but to be honest, only just")
Thanks!  Seems like such a friendly community!
Well look who the cat dragged in :D
If you're multitasking, make sure you floss the right place or things could get a bit painful...
Rings a bell with me too, wasn't it an argument in favour of getting internet in prison cells or something
I too sleep with my arms in the air and use my owner's crotch as a cusion
Strangely dark batter.

Still, I'd give it a go
Pretty sure you can pick them up whenever.  In fact I'd say that's advisable - I've almost missed it once because of a huge queue for the machine.
I'm at least trying to avoid that.  They're very good at drawing attention with it and fostering division between everyone.  The "no politics" rule here is a great help
I don't ignore it, but I try not to pay too much attention to doom mongering.  Not to jinx it, touch wood etc, but we've seemed pretty decent at getting by one way or another in the past 70 years or so
Well, it's possible to worry about big and small things simultaneously and I get what they're trying to achieve.  The theory is that traditional gender roles cause more harm than good - for guys too, as the battle to be the big strong alpha seems to cause a lot of bloodshed in the world.  (Conversely, social conservatism says there are different things the genders are better at and that they should play to their strengths and complement each other)  

The problem is that radicals don't seem very good at diplomacy, and don't realise that terms like "everyday sexism" or "toxic masculinity" sound a hell of a lot more aggressive and accusatory than they probably intend.  And they do seem to take things out of proportion sometimes - it's something that warrants a feedback comment if you feel strongly about it rather than shouting to the papers as it has that "mountain out of molehill" effect that gets it laughed off
Ah, well you have to submerge your new friend in water before cutting it!
Well technically aren't "needs" just food, water and shelter?  So everything else!

Worst is probably all the figures and plushies as they serve no practical purpose... slowed down on that though.
Did.... did she just assume the diagram's gender?  What's to say it's not a man in a kilt or even a skirt?  It's 2018...
Yeah Aldi's good stuff and a lot of their alternatives (such as the knockoff 'Walkers' crisps) seem better to me.

Only thing I don't like about it, especially the "miscellaneous junk" bit going down the middle (with the torches and high vis jackets and stuff), is it sort of feels like one giant version of the reductions shelf in Asda.  Basically very crowded and full of people spreading out like eagles while they go through every single item picking it up, examining it from every angle and putting it down.
Everyone needs an onion friend!

Got to watch them though, they may not speak but are quite mischievous...
Not sure why you're getting dogpiled, must have touched a nerve with the cheeky lads.

Similar experience to when I went.  It didn't seem like you really got much and all in all vastly overrated.  The fries were nice.
Nice pic! Think I have a similar one around - my kind of framing. 
Pretty normal that isn’t it :)  Who doesn’t get a Lynx deodorant / shower gel gift set, yet another Gillette Fusion or indeed some dodgy shaving soap from the relatives at Christmas
My boss has a shaved head. Problem solved!
Cool, so I couldn't find classic safety razors *anywhere* within about 60 miles (hopefully if this resurgence continues we'll see a bit more availability) so I had to order one online after all.  

For now just to practice the lather part and try something without a million blades (or electric like I normally use), I got a pack of the BIC "1" sensitive disposables.  I remember trying these years ago when I was even more of a skinflint (before having a job) and it felt like it was tearing my skin off, but seemingly proper lathering does make a fair difference.

The stick was fine when I remembered to wet my face first :)

Lathering was a little bit arduous first time but quick for the second one (for second pass) so I perhaps just didn't wet the brush well enough first time.

I did get one cut and this seemed largely because the lather dried out so it was almost like I was trying to shave through paste towards the end.  It seemed to dry out really quickly.  Other than that the results are not great but not bad, decent enough for a first attempt (at using anything that isn't either multi-blade with a can of gel applied by hand or electric)
Wow they’re so rare. Nearest place that sells any kind of DE razor is a Boots about 60 miles away!
Have you heard of “Men-ü”? Boots have stopped stocking the Real Shaving kit, which leaves this as the other cheapo. It has very mediocre reviews on their site though
Hmm, okay. Perhaps I’d be better starting off with the cream type if the sticks need a bit more practice

Also it seems the Real Shaving Co brush and cream kit is discontinued at least at Boots, so still on the lookout for an affordable brush (or may get the not
So great WS one to tide me over, failing that). 

There’s a “Men-ü” kit but seemingly no one has heard of it!
I heard it was good and that you paint it on your face like a crayon then lather with the brush from there. Thanks, will keep an eye out!
"A little TLC"

Perhaps a slight bit of an understatement!

Makes me feel better about the cluttered house I live in with my parents at least.
Ah thanks, I saw the Real Shaving Co one and had a quick search here and couldn't find anything specific to it.  £10 isn't so bad when the other items are so cheap.

I'm not a vegan, but if there are decent synthetics it seems all the better for badgers.
Wasn't it yorkshire pud day this time last week?  They're doing it for everything now.  The internet completely exploded over the Morrisons Yorkshire Pudding Pizzas so we couldn't get them (the guy there said the stock flew off the shelves in like 10 minutes) but made our own.  Maybe this just calls for a repeat.
Well, bang goes the "it's because you're bigger/older and falsely remember things to be bigger than they ever were" argument I've seen a lot of (especially for Wagon Wheels)
Depends.  It's a mish mash...

I have a general idea of feet and inches, but aside from height or the length of certain body parts I prefer to measure things in cm as we were taught in school.

Pints I can obviously deal with and a rough idea of a gallon, but other liquid sizes, no chance

Distance is in miles, clueless with kilometers

But tell me the temperature in F and I haven't a F'ing clue, give me good old Celcius / Centigrade any day.

Food is measured in grams as far as I'm concerned but my weight is in stones and pounds.
Is it still taught in schools?  I mean to be fair to your friends if they've never been taught then calling them idiots is probably a bit harsh.  You can't be expected to know something that no one has ever shown you.  One or two might get curious and learn for themselves but I'd say that'd be a minority.

We were taught in primary school.  I was a bit rusty at it by the time I left after having had analogue watches, but could still read them.
I have the opposite.  I certainly can read an analogue clock (and have an analogue watch face as it looks nicer) but it takes me a little bit longer to parse than glancing at the numbers on a digital.
They're getting stupidly thin.  For a while for the small "room litter" bin liners I was using the 5p single use carrier bags from the supermarkets as they got a bit thicker again when the 5p charge came in and still worked out better at 5p each for some strong bags than a roll of say 40 bin liners for £1.20 (3p each) but so thin as to be completely useless.  The next tier of bin liner seems to work out at like 15p each, so they were great.

Unfortunately they've stopped doing the SUCBs altogether now, which is a whole other rant as every time I forget to bring a bag I end up buying another 10p bag for life and using more plastic than before...
Yeah very unpleasant as I thought.  Sorry to hear about his ordeal.
It's a franchise I think?  So yeah no real consistency - I've been to some very good KFCs, our local one isn't one of them.  They all move at about the same speed as that sloth in Zootopia and it's "service with a meh".  I went to try and redeem one of the "Colonel club" offers that's been doing the rounds last week and wish I hadn't bothered, I was stood in a 3 person queue for like 10-15 minutes watching them all potter about at 0.00001mph and ignore the queue entirely for most of it, finally got served, they couldn't figure out how to get the barcode to work and said "the system must be down" and turned me away.

Went next door to the much busier McDonalds (where they were all pretty much a blur, such a contrast in energy), tapped a screen a couple of times, 30 seconds later food in hands.   (Of course, there are some crap McDonaldses too)
We used to high five the lollipop man too!  (A long time ago)

Never did me any harm, and all that.
Don't know, but it's why despite shitty pay (IT work is more a city thing) you won't see me moving.

https://i.imgur.com/0pcTU9g.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/t8wNVsT.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/3Mf8Ozc.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/fIrZai5.jpg

Not with all this on the doorstep
Confirmed.  And I seem to recall our PE teacher seeing it as a positive thing being bullied because it "forces you to man up" etc.

This was the 90s mind, so no idea how much it's changed since
Edit: Better one

For knocking on the staffroom door.  I knocked.  And waited.  And waited.  And waited.  And waited.  And 10 minutes passed.  And I thought ah I'll knock again just a little harder.  One of the teachers, my history teacher, slams the door open and absolutely YELLS in my face at the top of her lungs I HEARD YOU THE FIRST TIME I'M NOT DEAF HOW DARE YOU, she was on her break and holy crap did she NOT want to respond until she was good and ready.  She was eating damnit.  A very important thing for her, if you catch my drift.

Other dumb one:

Found that a penny reacted with the paint on the walls in the changing rooms so you could draw lines on it.  This novelty was kind of addictive, at least until some sod grassed me up.
That too....

Also username checks out!
Isn't that basically just a really horrible way to die?  Where essentially your whole body turns to literal shit and poisons itself.  It's one of the grim things that can happen towards end of life.
Can't beat good old "cunt".  I'm surprised it's seen as so strong as to be even questionable post-watershed - American influence I suppose as it's seen as super bad over there.

Must've only been 5-10 years ago that I first learned "Jap" was an insult as I thought it was just a contraction and kept using it all the time ^^'
Officially a MILFF   (Mother I'd Love Food From)
An astronaut.  I was told all boys want to be astronauts and you have to be ultra ultra fit and you have like a 1 in a million chance of success and to pick something sensible.  So no.
Otherwise known as "spending a fortune saving money"

I'm guilty of that!
If I'm not thinking clearly enough to check the change, I'm also not thinking clearly enough to do the +£1.20 thing!
"I like my coffee black... like my baristas" works though
It's made by Apple - that means it's even thinner than the Yellow Pages...
That's up to them, but if so I'd notice that coins came back instead of notes and ask where the other £1.20 is :)
Echoed.  I'm one of those unusual people too (who has Apple stuff but enjoys Rossman's videos).  He's great, and Apple can be seriously bad at times (Antennagate worst example IMO), but you do have to take into account a fairly heavy anti Apple bias he has.

To be fair, when he did a comparison of expensive Samsung vs. Moto G4 with an expected narrative of "G4 better", the Samsung was clearly better and he didn't hide it.  But considers the Moto better value, obviously
I do have an iPhone at the moment (tho Apple are not without faults by a long shot) - for me it's a consistency thing with cameras being a great example.  Not a fault of Android but because of lots of manufacturers you can't be certain if a camera is great or less than great (especially if you go off 5 minute "tech reviewer" youtubes), some firmware (notably Oneplus 3T when I had one) have issues like poor choice of auto ISO so indoor shots would often take 2-3-4 tries to get sharp etc.  iPhones are a case of "you may not be getting the absolute best, but you're getting consistently good, and you know when you take a shot it's going to be the best it can do"... in my experience anyway.  YMMV
To be fair, everything I saw of Bendgate was a combination of one or two people dumb enough to keep an expensive piece of aluminium encased technology in their back pocket and sit on it, and hundreds of Youtubers doing it by force for clicks.

Antennagate however was appalling with the "you're holding it wrong" nonsense and excuses like "all smartphones do that"... it's the first and last I've had where I kept completely losing the signal whenever I held it like a smartphone.

Apple seems to be reasonably good at handling genuine "occasionally x happens", like the stained MacBook Pro LCDs.  But for something that would warrant a 100% recall like the iPhone 4 design flaw, not so good.
This is the screen, but yeah I’ve heard how they say things like “well you must have left something in between the machine and lid when you closed it

I mean sure it has to have been caused by some external force within my influence... as I’ve heard of them saying, they don’t break themselves. It’s just that that force seems to be “touch with a feather”, which seems a bit extreme
I'd love to know if there's anything with the current MacBook Pro screens.  The LCD cracked on mine (not the glass, the LCD underneath) and I've absolutely babied it, there's not a single mark on the entire device.  Luckily I have insurance so have only had to pay excess and not the reported £700 or so I was reading. 

I wouldn't have even bothered trying bringing it in on a warranty basis having seen how they consider "all LCD damage to be caused by the customer".  It just seems fishy to me, I never knocked it or anything, just opened it up and bam, small crack at edge of display and associated lines across the screen.  At best, they are way more fragile than any £1799 laptop has a right to be.
Shop's fault for not getting with the times.

I do put up with it where the pub is concerned and the acceptable thing there seems to be to go to some effort to minimise the change.  So for a £6.20 round you'd hand over a £20 note and £1.20 so they can give you 15 back.
I might keep it for the exercise factor etc BUT am voting with my wallet - no more throwing money at them trying to do as many raids as possible on the days I can get through - free pass only, used wisely, then I'm done for the day.  Incubators, XP eggs and other perks from the store?  Nah I'll just be patient.  The gym coins will do for the odd thing before they inevitably get nerfed.
No one takes my chocolate, doesn't matter how thin they've got
I haven't.  I suppose anything could've happened to their figures in the 20 years since they were kids!
End of an era.  What's a shorty to stand on to kiss their love now?
For any worriers, she’s fine, and hopped back on the wheel after taking a nap :)
Same here. This is twice I’ve missed out on an Ex raid when everyone else in my raid group got one - a) because I live 7 miles away from the nearest active raid group and can’t get there every day and get to every single raid, and b) because they’re in stupid random gyms in the middle of nowhere that I’d not thought of going out of my way to attend. 

Add to that the random accounts who’ve NOT put any effort in getting invites and it feels like a slap in the face on top. 

It’s extremely demoralising and I’m honestly not sure I feel like playing any more. 
Yes

It's one of a few phrases that has a legitimate definition - generally the Facebook habit of sharing all the "I care about this, I care about that" posts while doing nothing to actually help any of the causes one claims to care about.  It's where someone shares that kind of stuff to try and signal how good of a person they are for the likes and the associated dopamine (an issue we also have here with upvotes) while passing it off as "raising awareness" and not having any intention of donating or whatever.  I think it's a cynical if somewhat realistic view of human behaviour but difficult if not impossible to actually prove..

But yeah far too often the term is used to just mean exactly what you said and dismiss the opposing argument.
He does seem genuinely mentally ill though.  Paranoia?  Dementia?  Some combination?

Hope he gets the help he needs.
This just makes me think of a 'witty' reply when they are shitty about it

"What about *your* disability?  How do you live with that?"

"Huh?  I'm not disabled"

"Really?  It can't be that easy to get around as one giant dick"
Top work.  It *is* hard not to get political sometimes if it's an interest, but there's nothing quite so divisive.  The internet has enough politicians and houses of commons - good to have a place to escape it and focus on various ways we get along instead.

I actually remember when this was a more widespread internet 'rule' (when the internet was mostly usenet and the like) - called netiquette.  Never talk about divisive subjects such as politics or religion.
There are a lot of idiotic ones, but the same can be said for car and van drivers.  Generally speaking most road users are cunts (except me) (usually)
A loo trip at the point of "really needing one"
Hm... wouldn't it be the other way round if it was repetitive?

Then it'd remind me of the TOPcashback advert
Aww what a cutie!
The Swan?  Possibly come away with a broken leg but otherwise in one piece ^(I know it's a myth)

They could take a bit of machine learning stuff from Google or Amazon - they’re getting really good at recognising things like that (creepily)
I know where the mischief came from too. Got my dad an “off zapper” for Christmas one year and the first thing he did was zap the pub TV at a crucial football moment 
Ah Honda must have made them a little bit more secure.  I don't recall that issue with the Citroen

Seem to recall also switching off the classroom TV with it and getting a bit of a bollocking...
Good work.  I think I would've given up after half an hour and bitched at them with a .@ on Twitter - that usually gets things sorted.
Some crackers in there, nice one
Little do you know it's only Polyfilla so it's only any good at filling little holes
Is that like a fake epiphany?
Yay, they did.  I also had a TV remote one which I programmed to unlock my dad's car (it had an IR key), the Databank version of this, and a talking clock one.  Like a proper nerd I wore 3 at a time once to a mixture of awe and derision.
I just about remember that!  Lots of yellow stripes.
That's the one, classic stuff
The one that demands to be petted or the hyperactive little shit that knocks your beer over. :)
All good! 

Also Five Children and It around that era, and Aussie show Round the Twist
Kids Saturday Morning show  1987-1993 with Philip Schofield, Sarah Greene and the real star of the show, Gordon the Gopher.  The usual "Saturday Morning Kids Show" stuff - it went on for like the whole morning and had a schedule within itself for cartoons, interviews, cookery shows, game shows, and the like.

If you're on the younger side see also Live and Kicking, Saturday Show, Dick and Dom, TMi.  Older: Swap Shop, Saturday Superstore
Annoyingly this seems to be the majority.

I'll also throw in those people who seem to have a knack for taking up the whole pavement, even if it's pretty wide.  I don't even mean overweight, some people just seem to find a spot dead-centre and drift towards the side you're trying to pass them, or you have the guys who obviously attend the gym a lot and have to do the bodybuilder swagger (perhaps from being all muscle and no flexibility)
The "no politics" rule makes this one harder than usual :)

Push button crossings - do away with the button.  Cameras and sensors are good enough now that you can easily have intelligent crossings that know when someone's there and wants to be across.  Too many people don't seem to realise that when it's lit up, someone has already pressed it, and watching them press it again is too infuriating.  Bonus points for leaning across me to do so, or stabbing it repeatedly in the hope it'll make the lights change faster.

Christmas music - it's February and I'm still annoyed.  Could the ghost of George Michael *please* stop learning the same lesson over and over year after year and figure out what makes a person "special" (probably not running off with someone else on Boxing Day)?  Thanks.

Roof racks - cars with roof racks on are driven by really slow drivers... there are no exceptions.  They're usually off to the tip or the garden centre.  Banning roof racks would improve the average speed on our roads by at least 20%.
The kind of thing they serve in old people's homes last I saw. So no wonder it's depressing.
Going Live.  The one and only thing that has ever got me out of bed on a Saturday morning :P
This seems to be the way with the baked stuff.  They play it as healthier because they're not fried but it seems they lower the calorie count by just only putting a few crisps in.
It definitely came across more like a comedy about a decade ago when I was watching it.  Same with Emmerdale.  Which going by bits I've seen (my parents watch it) is also full of misery now.  I believe they just knocked Chateau Dingle down!
I dunno, sometimes that's a good thing, I like how the soaps helped expose the public to LGBTs a bit... okay it was cringey with Hailey as it was like "well as the oddball you'll just have to get with the lonely town nerd" but it did nevertheless get people talking about it and shift some of the prejudice

But yeah it can get heavy handed and we all know stuff like cancer and dementia exist and are shit
It's a lovely sub.  Welcome and grats on t'sprog!
Good choice, I often get the dhansak too.  Curious how it goes :)
I think you should do what makes you happy.  You only live the once, don't spend it worrying about whether other people will think you're a bit weird.

Also I don't think 30 is "mid life" unless you're a very heavy smoker/drinker or have some bad luck!

I know someone roughly that age who gets a job for 6 months, saves up, travels round the world for a little while, comes home and gets another job, repeat.

Sounds really cool, I personally just wouldn't have the confidence when it comes to getting another job each time.  Took me ages to get this one.
I think it works really well!  

Actually discovered it when I was at a crappy Pizza Hut buffet and they weren't bringing them out fast enough so there was only margarita left.  I randomly added pineapple and jalapeno from the salad bar and frankly felt like I should be on Masterchef.
I don't very often now as I put on weight if I so much as smell nice food, but has to be a good greasy pizza from a local place.

Meat feast, or pineapple and jalapeno if having a more veggie night.
It's a dog friendly pub, there are loads.

The manager's dog is a hyperactive little shit that jumps on the seats, tables etc and very nearly knocked our pints over the other day.  He doesn't seem to control it and makes it "sing" which is really cringey

But one of the other punters has this lady 
https://i.imgur.com/cDq5meX.jpg
Her brother tends to just mind his own business but she will demand to be petted.  If you pause for even a second, she gives you that look, and if you pause any longer she'll start pawing at your arm.
I'd expect to be full after having five guys for an hour, for sure
If I had five guys I'd expect at least *some* sausage.
Replacement keyboard for my Thinkpad X220.  It was from an ebay store that professionally refurbishes them, re-coating and re-lettering all the keys.  It's like new, but half the price.  Good stuff
This, what is with the whole "pick up, examine, put down" thing on every single item at the reduced shelf... they all do it
Maybe that's the one where you have to say "yes Lord Sugar sir" (or Mr Spencer I guess)
Well yes and no.. I watch one now and again and Youtube's algorithm shoves them at me for a week or so until I get sick of them and stop clicking
Guinness
If that is one, it’ll have probably been me, but not a harmful liquid - I gave the whole thing a clean with isopropyl alcohol as a last resort, especially the connector area
Managed to get it to boot from a Linux USB with the SSD fitted using the following procedure (thanks to this link https://www.ifixit.com/Answers/View/70171/Startup+chime%2C+no+boot%2C+white+screen+of+death):

Remove SSD

Boot with USB in and alt held down

Ctrl-click on the USB entry to set the firmware to boot from that by default

Shut down 

Reinsert SSD

Boot.

This confirmed that the SSD is faulty - the kernel throws all sorts of "COMRESET" errors etc on startup and trying to talk to it with hdparm results in I/O error.
Good bot. 
Cool, thanks for the input. 

This is interesting https://imgur.com/a/rYeMX

See the chip with a corner missing. Unfortunately, it has no markings so no idea what it is 
Can't get into target disk mode.

However I did finally find a way to start up from external with the SSD present instead of risking any hotplug tricks - you have to remove the SSD, boot up from a USB macOS installer, go to the Apple menu and "choose startup disk" then choose the USB installer as the primary startup disk.  That convinces the firmware not to try and boot from the duff SSD, and you can reinsert it and power up again and it'll boot into the USB installer.

However it doesn't appear in Disk Utility, so I'm now pretty sure the SSD has failed.  It's just a question of whether it's that or the controller, so it's a sort of 50/50 £200 gamble
Sense. 
Looks like I had roughly the right idea based on what you said.  

I'm too used to user guides being rubbish and so hadn't looked in the most obvious place.... will have a read!
Hmm no I haven't (thanks for the idea), I have so much to learn and so little idea of where to learn it!

I don't see those options for profiled denoise, but I do see a chroma blend mode.  Setting the single instance to wavelets and blend mode color (having stumbled across the plugin's homepage) seems to have at least made for more uniform greys in noisy images, rather than the slight yellow 'patches' that were happening before.
Not OP, but on my LX7 the profiled denoise is absolutely nuts... it certainly works, it just loses all detail and turns it into an oil painting :)  You can crank the strength down but it just doesn't seem to have a sweet spot.

Mind, I think it may have been me who contributed the noise profiles (I played with Darktable a few years ago with the same camera), and I didn't have a clue what I was doing, so as ever with OSS there is only myself to blame.
I'm just about to undertake the same journey.  Already made my mind up about ditching Lightroom - the price hikes annoyed me, the switch to a new "cloud app" is disappointing and looking into cancelling I find it very greedy of Adobe to auto-renew a 1 year contract with another 1 year contract (I'm used to the mobile phone-like system where at the end of your contract it's just monthly rolling).  So even if I have to pay off the 50% fine for cancelling 'early', I'm off, and feeling quite unlikely to return to anything with Adobe's name on it.

FOSS is definitely the way to go, I think.  I have a feeling things might not quite match up to commercial software that companies have poured millions into developing, but I'd rather use software where the no.1 motivation is "make software", rather than where the no.1 motivation is "make as much money as possible" and the software is a secondary concern...

Good luck to us.
FWIW the AMD card I was using at work is an old 5750 which is pre... some 3 letters or other.  Sounds like they've improved drivers later than the ones people were grumbling about
This.  Fuck the nonsense of "creating wealth" by wasting energy flipping bits around.  The planet needs less wasted energy, not more
But AMD's drivers are shit.  Here's one of the many criticisms I came across when trying to get compton to work on my AMD card at work https://github.com/chjj/compton/issues/339

It's funny that the developers for the compositor typically used in an i3 environment are saying "AMD is bad, use NVidia" while the author of the Wayland i3 fork is saying the opposite.  

Open source purism aside, I'd argue that it's possible to do more harm to the Linux community by writing buggy shit for it that's open source (because people try Linux, get the recommended hardware and think "wow this sure is unstable, I'm off back to Windows"), than something reliable that is at least partially closed.
Yea I was seriously looking into the possibility of using an AMD GPU. I have one at work, and tried the desktop I intend to use (i3 on X, because I think "not using software written by someone with an attitude of contempt towards their users" is a better idea). Upon the usual screen tearing both brands have, I went to set compton to render with GLX and it froze.

To cut a long story short, turns out AMD's drivers - both closed and open source - are notoriously bad and Linux users are better off sticking with NVidia. Who'd have thought... https://github.com/chjj/compton/issues/339

Honestly I'm more of a "tinkerer" Linux user than a political one.  The whole 'communist ideal' thing of everything being open source is admirable, but I can't bring myself to get worked up about a closed source hardware driver when it works 10x better than the "open source friendly" competitor's driver.
How patronising.

Ironically I started looking into the possibility of using an AMD GPU.  I have one at work, and tried the desktop I intend to use (i3 on X, because I think "not using software written by someone with an attitude of contempt towards their users" is a better idea).  Upon the usual screen tearing both brands have, I went to set compton to render with GLX and it froze.

To cut a long story short, turns out AMD's drivers - both closed and open source - are notoriously bad and Linux users are better off sticking with NVidia.  Who'd have thought...
https://github.com/chjj/compton/issues/339
I live in Northern England and haven't either, but a local pub-restaurant does it as a dessert, sliced and with chocolate sauce.  It's overrated.
I know it's unlikely to last 5 minutes due to that cycle (especially when the tweets start flying) but it's nice to at least see the word 'peace' even mentioned anywhere in recent years especially the Koreas.

Still not sure what critics are proposing.  Bombing them has extreme risks to it (very high likelihood of millions of innocent deaths, unprecedented disruption to the area and knock-on effects around the world, China might not care but there's no guarantee - even if you don't count any citizen of NK as innocent and propose turning the whole country into a crater - and I'm not sure where to begin with the idea of treating every person in the country as sub-human things to commit genocide on - there are still lots of innocents surrounding them).  So that's out.

So... pile on the sanctions until they can't really function until they do at least something of which they're told.  

"But they're only doing this because they want the sanctions eased!" - well, duh.  Isn't that the point?

UN+US: *places boot harder and harder on NK's throat until NK starts turning blue* "stop acting so damn belligerent"

NK: "O.....kay.....fine.....I'll..... talk......"

Critics: "They're only saying that because they want to breathe!"

So.... what, don't ease up?   Just keep the pressure on and mounting no matter what they do?  What incentive is there for NK to do anything if the incentive (lift boot very slightly so they can breathe a little bit) is dismissed as "just doing what they want"?  Of course it's what they want, that's why they're doing something that we want.  Not sure what I'm missing here.
>implying implications
Thought you'd bought a crowbar for a second there and was like "well at least you have something to express your opinion with"
Or just drink with a dry sense of humour.
Tweet them, you'll probably get some vouchers.
At this rate, McDonalds will start admitting there are beaks in their McNuggets!
And I'm not even that keen on vodka!
Tell him to get something like this?

http://www.petsathome.com/webapp/wcs/stores/servlet/en/pets/handiscoop-easy-reach-poop-scoop-(online-only)?CAWELAID=120267720000002462&cm_mmc=&ito=GAG45633476602&itc=GAC205085438357&itkw=nil&itaexid=&itawnw=search&itawmt=&itadvc=c&gclid=EAIaIQobChMIiJzaloO-2AIV77ftCh1tDgqsEAQYBSABEgJqTfD_BwE&gclsrc=aw.ds

(Or provide one if feeling really generous)
Nothing on a fixed regular basis but occasional donations to the local hospice, rescue teams etc.

Gave a tenner online to Shelter once after one of their chuggers hassled me in the street and when I said I don't commit to on-the-spot donations but will check them out online and probably donate there he was all "yeah right I *bet* you will" and mumbled something about not caring about homeless children as I walked off, and I wanted to shove the receipt in his face next day.  He wasn't there next day and now I get inundated with begging letters from them (they've spent way more than £10 on them at this point).  Regretted it.
Shhh, this is the internet, we're supposed to whack up the cynicism to 11 and say "there's no difference it's just marketing"
Aye.  Biggest price hike comes from the tightest of the operators with the shitty 40 year old sardine tins they refuse to replace.

We're at the cusp of an electric vehicle revolution which will leave even less of an incentive to pay silly money to ride in discomfort.
Yep I'd say so (about £10-15 of which is their handling charge) (and value added tax on top of what they've charged you to pay the import tax for you - lovely isn't it)

Driver in too much of a hurry to find the right tickbox and write it in tooth fairy writing in the tiny little box they've provided, I'm guessing.
Having 3 legs is considered unfair
Reddit dialect
Might be thinking of something else, as I can’t find any reference to it. Thought I saw one of those undercover documentaries a few years back where the staff were openly bragging about going for a dump, not washing hands then getting back to assembling burgers etc
Ahh fair play ^^
Or commissioned in the first place
Oh yeah wasn't it that one that got caught by a documentary being massively gross?  (I mean more gross than BK normally is)
And a few puns that make even me cringe!
NSFW?  The word tits?
I heard Yet Another Rumour a couple of weeks ago of a remake movie with Benedict Cumberbatch as Avon.  As with all B7 remake rumours though I'll believe it when I'm sat watching it!
Forton/Lancaster.  Always liked the big tower thingy there

Actually it's not that great a services, but childhood nostalgia
Heh, yeah it tried to take Ulv as well.  Couldn't sleep for half the house flapping around (actually it was just a sheet of UPVC came loose off the eaves but it sure sounded like it from my room right next to it) 
Mildly Moist January.  I'm scaling wayyyy back (last night was my first dry night in like a year) but going cold turkey is too much for me.  I'm a huge real ale fan, there's a great beer festival towards the end of the month that I wouldn't pass up and in any case January is a pretty desolate month IMO that I don't want to make too much 'worse'.  Chances are I'll have at least a couple at the weekend, too, just probably not as many.

It's just that the drinking will be special-ish-occasional kind of thing rather than the habitual 2 or 3 pints a night.  Combined with healthy eating and plenty of water.  I just feel that my body deserves at least some degree of respite after everything that's been chucked down it during the festive period!
I was introduced to it when it finally re-aired on UK Gold when I was a kid.  Absolutely legendary show
Please, anyone, take Barrow.
I'd have already technically failed, having had a beer in my hand after Auld Lang Syne.  Add in a very good beer festival towards the end of the month and just nope.  Cutting down for a few weeks, but don't believe in absolutes!
I suck at history but a cursory glance on Wikipedia suggests some (traditionalists, perhaps universities) use this "County palatine" border structure: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/County_palatine


Disappointing lack of results for most of them
Heh, it lists the Furness towns as Lancashire, rather than Cumbria.  That'll please the older "it's alllways bin Lancashire, lad" generation.
Hah :)

One reason I'm going the "slightly moist January" route.
What a cutie.

As an occasional traveller with a disabled person - there's usually an area next to the wheelchair space for carers (priority) which I suppose is where doggo would probably sit.  That area is usually a fairly big space.  It's just that you often have to battle the hoards dumping their pushchairs and luggage in that space (especially on Northern sardine tins), but in first class I can't see that being an issue.  

Last time in fact there were a couple of angry mothers refusing to budge their pushchairs to make way for my friend (despite the conductor trying to tell them they need to by law) so we got upgraded to first class at no extra cost... whole carriage was I think us and 1 or 2 others!
Also coastal NW region.  A flappy bargeboard on the side of the house kept me up all night.  Really sounded severe
It piles on so easy at this time of year.  

But yeah the faster it goes on the faster it comes off again as long as it's not a sustained gain (more than a week or two) in my experience.  So should at least be a head-start there.

An important thing is not to get too dejected by it.  I've seen the thing of "put on a ton of weight at Christmas, get depressed at the result, give up and comfort eat for a week" thing which can end up 'setting' the weight and it's a shame as I've found the faster you correct the easier it is.
Good luck!  Good call on starting early and avoiding the 2nd January "only x% last more than 2 weeks" curse :)
Yep!  I also have the post-Christmas cravings for actual healthy food.

No resolutions here nor any "dry January" (perhaps a dry-ish one... a moist January?) but definitely a period of being nice to the body after a couple of weeks of abusing it!
I like how it leads to Mincing Lane (or rather, how Mincing Lane leads to Bell End) https://www.google.co.uk/maps/place/Bell+End,+Rowley+Regis+B65+9LX/@52.4820645,-2.0418603,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x48709705f5661e43:0x87f81da55afe7da8!8m2!3d52.4820645!4d-2.0396663
Doctor Who.

.... that was it
In case anyone's searching on this, I decided the only way to find out was to buy one.  It's fine!

Pros:

Easily 6 hours of Pokemon Go at 50% brightness.  I did 5 hours of Go and Ingress yesterday, screen on most of the time, and it still had 48% battery remaining and an estimation of 4 more hours!  This was my main reason for wanting a mid range tablet as efficiency means longer life.

Great screen

Decent performance - 90% smooth.  This was my main concern.

Cons:

No gyro so no AR mode (personally I don't care, first thing I turn off)

Sometimes you see a frame drop, or low frame rate after throwing a pokeball.  BUT it's nothing that affects gameplay and the actual throwing of the pokeball is perfectly responsive (if it was absolutely critical like catching Mewtwo.... honestly I think I'd still use it.  Though I'm not perfect at it in the first place - if you're someone who consistently throws excellent curveballs and is really sensitive to framerate you might just have to borrow one to try)

Overlays cause sluggishness.  You'd use IV calculators in batches after a session rather than leaving it on.
Me too, it's probably just anti brony brigading
What a cutie :3

Also yup get her a big ball if you can, she'll love it, we went for one meant for rats ^^
I sort of wanted to disagree, but to be fair she improved immeasurably as a character in the last half-season or so, and the other comments made me happy.

Also, if EQG had been a thing before Sunset I'd have said Sunset.
That's a fair choice.  I was going to say "not Starlight Glimmer" :)   (And then I read the other thread and had a bit of a change of heart anyway)
Pupper: "Aww thank you buddy!  Giz a kiss!"

Kitty: "Don't push your luck, doggo."
Yep, although it wasn't the OP's intention this is still a point worth making.... many do have a blanket dislike of churches/religion (especially LGBTs for obvious reasons) but there are some churches (Church of England Christians come to mind as that's who I see the most of) who really get into the whole "Jesus said to be kind and charitable to your fellow man" thing and really seem to understand their religion's intended message.  So some of them can be quite beneficial.

E: Downvoted for saying something nice.  Cool.  As you were, internet
Headphones and Pokemon Go.  Too absorbed in my own little world for them to penetrate

Shelter get on my nerves as they seem to look for the busiest looking people to pounce on.
Some will be like that, considering the vast numbers who got mad just at Twilight's wings.   

I'm taking a wait and see approach.  I don't expect it to be as good as FiM as that's just special and had a great visionary behind it, but I don't know if it'd be worth despising!  I'll probably at least have a look.  Though I'm also thinking the end of G4 could be a good time to take a step back and become a bit less obsessed :p

Whether I'll want to continue supporting it will be down to things like how they treat the current VAs.  (I.e. offer them first dibs on voices please, don't just unceremoniously kick them all out - I don't want to see another Pokemongate.)
That'd be nice, but from what I heard (bearing in mind this is all second hand as I've not looked at the leaks myself, but I've done what spoiler-free digging I can) it's definitely a hard reboot.  That's what upsets me the most - I'd feel perfectly fine if it was just a "next generation" kind of thing in the same world (in fact I think I'd see it quite positively - the current mane 6 are kind of done to death now) as then it wouldn't feel kind of like "invalidating" G4.   Guess this is how G1 and G3 fans felt when their beloved shows were rebooted and we can only hope what comes next will be good.

I'd quite like to know where we stand - the official line is they like us, and I've not heard otherwise from the leaks, but I can't help questioning it if this is likely to turn us away.  Tho I think there will always be a fandom even if many just stick to G4.  Much as with EQG, some like it, some hate it, but for the most part we get along
Ah I see, yeah that's fair enough.  Just as Lauren Faust said way back when, girls need something good.
Are they still going with the girl target market?  I thought they'd been steering towards unisex recently (albeit about the same age range) with more boys featuring in their marketing and the logo colour change etc.
I don't want to look at the leaks mostly because I don't want to see G4 spoilers but from what I've heard G5 is a full reboot.  Much like previous generations there will be characters with the same names (I imagine a Pinkie Pie for one) but they're all reimagined and it's a new world.  

Kind of saddens me as they've done so much world building and I love how the G4 world makes so much sense in the context of mythology.  To throw out such a well written and well fleshed out world seems such a waste.  I'd have much rather they started G5 with "1000 years later..." or something like that.

Certainly curious to find out more about G5, whether there's any depth to it or if they're going "back to basics" sort of G3-ish.  Hard to find anything out when avoiding the G4 spoilers...
That's the irony, it's the first thing I wanted to do.  And it actually highlights the positive sides of it (and Twitter and Reddit) - it's how these things get shared around!  Despite all the dangers we face of being programmed by social media, it's a form of social media that got me to see this video in the first place...
The main problem with that of course is that the hardware is like 2 years old now without any updates (aside from storage), and the GPS version is eye wateringly expensive
Ours said that also when the zero pointed fruit and veg came in and people were worried.  "Hands up who's here because they ate too much fruit? .... thought so!"
Indeed!  I came here to say this.  Lost 75lbs, still drank beer and even ate chocolate.  It's just that it was sensible amounts, like a block of chocolate rather than a 1kg bar (I remember eating those as a kid and not getting fat at all, good times, can't get away with that now!) and a few pints rather than a double digit bender chased down with a doner kebab.  And if I couldn't budget the amount I wanted, that just meant more exercise to make it fit ;)

Now, obviously, 40 pounds of marshmallows will be uh, a bit of a challenge to portion control.  I don't know how readily they dry up, but even if they didn't that's a whole lot of temptation to have in one place.  I always made sure I didn't have enough $treat in the house to cause more than a few pounds setback, just in case.  But if the person's disciplined or wants to share them etc, more power to them!

Of course, even the question itself is probably just a joke, but it did have to be said :p
Sorry yes I meant England
Got to love how it's worded as if it's a real one.

Also, fuck you to the people making a mess wild camping.  Technically illegal everywhere in England without prior landowner permission I believe, but it's generally tolerated if it's out of sight and you *leave no trace* (a friend and I occasionally wild camp up the hills and are very careful about it), and leaving that kind of mess risks losing the tolerance and ruining it for all of us.
I'm having to bite my tongue (well, fingers) hard not to break one of the rules here ;)
Not a bad idea, they don’t mind if you objectify them!

Perhaps a companion cube would be a good match
Clearly the joke that my “other half” is my penis was a little too subtle...
That one that grows from trees, in little plastic bags.  Oddly, sometimes it's warm.
I might treat it to a massage of sorts.
Fucked if I know.

I tried to steer us towards the "do we really need to buy each other stuff needlessly for Christmas?" kind of direction but the feeling I got from the noncommittal and distant response was "yes." so need to rack my brains trying to think of something they don't already have...
I genuinely hate the run-up.  (The time itself is quite pleasant, and I don't mind the parties / excuses to eat and drink).  I tend to stick to circle-grinching though rather than ruining it for anyone who's clearly enjoying their September-December repeats of Last Christmas or whatever :P
Is industry list the same thing as TPS?  Because once I put my number on TPS the calls dropped from a few a day to a few a year.    On the odd occasion they get through I say "are you aware I'm on the Telephone Preference Service and so it's actually illegal to cold call me like this?" and they go away.
I guess it's true what they say.  Britain has wheelie bin going mad.
They might sort of exist to some extent, but nowhere near the level they advertise, and mostly just a case of controlling people with fear.

This is interesting reading https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TV_detector_van
I don't know, but this is different oldfartery to what I see on Facebook, which is usually (ironically) "back in my day we didn't sit there looking at screens, we played outside" - so this would actually be good news in their eyes.  There you go, kids are playing outside, the future of human civilisation is no longer in danger!

I think what it comes down to is "it's good news as long as it's nowhere I'll ever notice it" kind of like mobile phone masts :)
To go to Scan, of course.
Honestly I miss the kind of workplace where you have the Christmas Counter and the Christmas Jumper.  It seems ridiculous but they're usually really nice, sweet people.  

Ours is full of super serious types who like to reenact The Apprentice.  The party will be a few cliques enjoying themselves and the rest talking shop all night.
Depends how strict you are about only wearing things once before washing.  But if you like to wear a shirt twice (e.g. if you only wear it for half a day or whatever) then rotate the head of the hanger so it's pointing the other way after the first wear.  That's your 'wear indicator' and you'll know to bung it in the wash later.
The way we eat.  We do things like pulling the dangly bits on a cow so milk comes out (goodness knows what the first person who did that was trying to do), curdle it, slice the results and put it on top of part of another cow that has been ground up and squashed into a patty.
Hehe me too, it's ok I'm 35 :p  /)
Two My Little Pony ones so far.  One Kinnerton chocolate, one Sambro with stickers and figures and stuff.

For the normie calendar I'll wait a few days and get a reduced price Thorntons or something :)
Wowza.  Wouldn't have thought of going abroad for dentistry but clearly not a bad idea!

I had a couple of crowns done on my front teeth a few years back, shattered them ages ago when I cycled over black ice and faceplanted the road, and was too tight to get them done for years.  Finally cared enough about my appearance to cough up.  600 quid each, I seem to recall.
Why not indeed, the Germans have been doing it for centuries!
Yay, Friday again.  Also a POETS day, I only do half day Fridays.

Plans:

Open advent calendars (got 2)

Take hamster to vet appointment (final check up after becoming a tripod)

Pokemon Go if enough time, still need Ho-oh

Beer, netflix and chill.  It's that time of year when there's usually something going on, so it's nice to have a "normal" Friday night in.
Sounds reasonable enough.  Unlike the guy who bought my late grandmother's house and threatened to take us to court for leaving a lawnmower in the back garden!  (We'd cut the grass for him and left it there.  Rather than accept a free lawnmower or maybe pick up the phone, he paid £20 to get it taken away and wrote a snotty letter)
Come again?
Not sure now, that's what I saw when I googled it last month.  Maybe whoever said that just meant do 20 minutes to make sure it registers *shrug*
20 minute workouts (or greater)
One of us has to :)
Aw, happy to share the OCD-friendly results!
Thanks, ooh the big challenge given Christmas. Good luck!
IMO you don't have to commit genocide to be.... let's say of the same cloth and leave it at that.  Chances are, no one around here is going to come to agreement on opposing sides any time soon
It's there in the link, if you can't be arsed to read anything that doesn't support your biases I'm not going to sit here spelling it all out.  It's exhausting.
Oh god not the “Nazis were socialists because they were called National Socialists” thing again. I suppose you also think the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea is democratic. 
Leaders can sit with other leaders without being allies or supporting the same ideologies.  I mean... here, have a picture of May shaking hands with Putin - must mean May is now a Russian ally :)  https://sputniknews.com/politics/201609041044946039-putin-may-syria-aviation/

I was just really objecting to the rather dumb implication that Muslims and Nazis are the same thing.

They did have common enemies (e.g. England), no question, and that did mean Hitler had a good reason to talk with them and get them on side - notably Grand Mufti.  But the implication that having common enemies means they're both effectively the same thing (simplified in its internet form to "Nazis are bad, Muslims once had a common enemy with Nazis, therefore Muzlims are Nazis") is just ludicrous.
Heh, no you do have a point there, think I partially misunderstood.  Much like the way the same people who say people are too easily offended and like to word police etc, are easily offended and word police too.
Probably different men tbh. 

Added the edit to get these 'people' off my back for 2 minutes as my inbox is going nuts with them being pissed off at me for calling Trump the N word (Trump supporters: "Stop being offended at everything you leftist snowflakes!", also Trump supporters: "I'm offended you called my idol a bit nasty"), and thought maybe just maybe we can focus attention away from the word I used and more towards the unusual reluctance of the media to say "Trump tweeted" as they usually do and to add that "Trump's account tweeted" disconnect.   I think we're pretty much on the same side.
lol!  No.  Criticising their lack of backbone in properly crediting the RTs to the person behind the keyboard/smartphone (probably out of fear of some kind of legal backlash if he claimed "oh my account was hacked") is not the same thing as saying they're pro Trump!
*sigh*

Look, I'll concede that "full Nazi" is maybe a little strong until he starts chucking people into gas chambers (but that /pol/ and t_d will keep defending him until the envelope is pushed to that point, and even then probably find some way to argue that it's okay they're not real people anyway)

But he did retweet videos from a far-right hate group, who at best cherry-pick incidents to incite hatred and when they can't find enough just attribute random shit to Muslim migrants that actually has nothing to do with them.  Have a read: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-42165942

/u/shantastic138 said it better than I could:

>Using fallacious and malicious propaganda (from a far right group’s website that is responsible for the death of an MP) to smear religious minorities. Sounds kinda Nazi-like. 
If you count "being blown away by the stupidity of the /pol/ invasion mob" as being owned, 'brah', then I suppose you're right.
Bit of a leap though.  Mars is closer to us than, for example, Neptune - therefore Mars is Earth's moon!
Hahaha man, you people will make up such wild shit to defend this guy

I don't recall seeing many Aryan Muslims!
I'm not sure these alt right types really do "learning", just a lot of blind defence of their messiah.
I certainly hope it's that kind of percentage, but have learned to be very wary of "silent majorities".  I have a sinking feeling a lot of people share their views but simply know that until the far-right is more normalised they run the risk of losing jobs etc so they're wise enough to keep schtum.
Get through 2 years first, assuming the Dems take Congress, if I understand the US system correctly.  As the current administration are highly unlikely to start the process against their own guy.  Unless he actively starts gassing Muslims, then *maybe*.
Thousands of times this.  Everything else he's said has been directly attributed to him, but as soon as he goes full nazi it's just "his account".

Edit: Look, to the legion of knights rushing to his defence, I know he's not directly running around tossing people into gas chambers so 'full nazi' might be a *little* strong, okay?  But I don't think it's really far from the mark.  Let's just say he's showing his true colours.

Edit 2: This is hard work.  Got to try and remember "Never argue with idiots, they will bring you down to their level and beat you with experience".  It'd be nice to think someone got a slight clue seeded for some time in the future.
And the lesson is: next time you want to spend £1 on a Greggs, go to Pound Bakery.
Nice!

I tried to invest and failed, and having given a scan of my passport to MtGox at the time to try and buy the bloody things, am simply awaiting the inevitable identity fraud
Yeah it was funny once.

I guess all the cinemas do that - Vue does the whole "it's time to enjoy the experience... with no ringtones, no glaring screens..." thing as well
This was west, on the London <-> Glasgow train - going by the article I linked to it's only started in the last week or so though!
Found an article about it (apologies for newspaper) http://www.dailymail.co.uk/travel/travel_news/article-5093503/Will-Ferrell-records-Virgin-Trains-toilet-announcements.html
Yeah it’s an automatic message every time the door opens or closes. It sounds a lot like one of those robots from Fallout
To be honest I can't remember now but this sounds a different issue.  My notes on installing nonpdrm say 

https://github.com/TheOfficialFloW/NoNpDrm/releases/latest for nonpdrm.skprx and place it in ux0:tai/ then edit config.txt and add ux0:tai/nonpdrm.skprx under the *KERNEL section

Save, eject, reboot, re-run crack.

Not to be the office bore but it's one of those things you have to be careful about in case your workplace loses its sense of humour.  I remember one prank here, there was a bad product that was the bane of one of the designer's lives at the time so someone made a custom mount and installed it in his desk.  Everyone found it hilarious at the time, but fast forward a year to a company having a financial dip and needing to get rid of someone, this formed part of the ammunition used to do so ("we calculated how much time and money must have been wasted doing this" etc)
Prepares them for the future!

My parents convinced me that robins fly off to him and tell him if you've been naughty.  Then went with a plastic Santa mask thing when they realised you rarely even see the little buggers.
TBH after last year I can’t keep track of who’s alive any more
Someone tell Rick Mayall!
Ooh be careful.  Sometimes HR departments have none of the 'plausible deniability' stuff if they receive complaints

I usually sign off with "Thanks", which as we all know tends to mean "thank you" when someone is helping, "regards" if they're not, or "fuck you" if they're being an arse.
There are a lot of people who insist on "going to the effort" of signing off manually in addition to their signature so you see a lot of 

    Cheers
    Dave
    
    Dave Smith
    Acme Corp
    
    Legal bumf

So I think a lot of people will be sending out

    Thanks
    Dave

    Kind Regards,
    Dave Smith
    Acme Corp
Good one for /r/thereifixedit/ and related subs!
Don't give 'em ideas, I can hear the Hipster Business Venture machine chugging into action already
Ah good point
I like how your cover set looks a bit like Wesley Crusher's outfit in Star Trek.

I tried literally removing my bed and sleeping on a camping mat for a couple of weeks at one point when I was at maximum weeaboo and thought it was neat that the Japanese slept on the floor.  My back never fully recovered.
South Cumbrian here, Booths is ace for ale and craft beer selections
Such patience and professionalism with that old dear who wanted to get hold of the Prime Minster's uh... (I don't know what she wanted to get her hands on!) even when she starts getting snotty and sarcastic.  I'd not have lasted a tenth of that long before making a very curt comment about 999 and cutting her off!

(To be fair though she does sound "unwell" so maybe I'd cut her some slack too)
Our work does this constantly.  And it doesn't even make sense as they all have to be trained up from scratch, all the other setup costs etc.
I thought it was that the gulf stream (bringing warmth from the Gulf of Mexico) was slowing down because of all the cold water flowing from the melting ice caps, so although globally the climate is getting warmer, for us lucky people on our little islands it's getting cooler.

I'm no climate scientist though and that what I heard like a decade ago, so take with a dose of salt.
That's if you're broken down I think.  Not sure where I read the sidelight thing though as I just checked up and was incorrect.
Edit: I'm wrong!  You're okay to use them for lit streets! http://www.highwaycodeuk.co.uk/lighting-requirements.html

IMHO the "it's okay not to use headlights in street lighting if you have sidelights and number plate lights" on thing is a bad idea.  I find that cars 'register' better if their headlights are on properly so think they should be fully on
Drivers thinking about other road users?  That'll be the day.  I'm pretty sure the reason so many don't indicate is "why would I need to do that?  I already know where I'm going"

General rule I try to go by - if I was doing something like pulling out of a junction or changing lanes and don't think a car would instantly 'register' if it didn't have lights on, the lights go on.  Properly, none of this "it's not quite pitch dark so I'll just put sidelights on" business.

As a matter of interest I was behind one of those the other week who forgot to turn their lights on when it was properly dark (because they could see with the street lighting) and they just didn't seem to notice my flashing at them and using the hazards.  When I turned off, I saw the unmarked car behind me start flashing blue.  He noticed that...
What sort of filthy casual doesn't have a yorkshire with their Christmas dinner?!

Well, aside from when we had Chinese for Christmas.  But a roast deserves a pud.
/r/BritishSuccess
Or just disappear but respond to calls/texts if anyone is worried ?

Most people who do the Irish Goodbye thing I think are just those who don’t like to drink until they’re puking up their own body weight and don’t want the massive fuss and pressure to do so, so just sneak off when they’ve had enough (long before they’re at a state to worry about)
Forgot to take into account the Scotty Factor
Hadn't heard this term before!

Better than a Vulcan Hello.
TCP/IP as always.  IPv6 if you want to get fancy.
My prejudice is twitching at the hoodie guy who to me looks like he's reaching into his left pocket for a knife...

Then again, he's got nice shoes.  Most stabby hoodies in my mind have white trainers.
Anything described as "golden ale" or really with "gold" in the title tends to be nice and inoffensive.  You can then adjust as you get to know your tastes better to darker/maltier beers, or lighter/hoppier (though it doesn't sound like the latter is really your thing)

If you get an app called Untappd you can type the name and brewery in and 99 times out of 100 it's in the database and people have drank it before and left notes so you can get a feel for if something is "light", "fruity", "easy drinking" etc and perhaps avoid ones that say "hoppy".

IMO most English lager and mass produced beer like John Smiths or Tetleys is complete trash and best avoided (it says something that I love almost all beer but hate those), but of course "one person's trash is another person's treasure".  Personally, handpull cask beers only.  Lager wise I'd rather go for imports.
10 McDonalds cheeseburgers.

Very easy, they're not filling at all - was still hungry after.
Headline: Dwayne Johnson gets new tattoo for World Kindness Day
Ugh, bringing Black Friday over here.  REEEEEEEEEEEEEE

At least it makes for entertaining youtube videos across the pond (they have huge discounts on stuff in physical stores and physical fights over it).  Over here it's just more 5% off crap.
Wow, I've never known anyone to say that :D  Yay for our niche but objectively excellent topping choices.

Also look at you with your fancy ñ.  I should've done that too, it's not hard on a Mac.
I'd tend to cross a good distance away to avoid that scenario.

That said, I think I'd be kind of tickled by it and have a bit of a giggle with her, she probably was just being nice.

That reminds me, when I were a lad we had our first "lollipop man", it seems it was mostly ladies at the time so this was played as one of those gender breakthrough things in our school.  We used to give him 5 on the way past (a high-five, not a tip, this isn't America)
Get on hands and knees and lick, it's not that hard.
What is with the fucking animals on here recently.

I'll let you off due to the jalapenos though.  Pro tip, they also go well with pineapple as far as pizzas go.
I think this is one of those statements I don't wish to jinx the future so.. *hastily touches wood*

Worst I've had so far is descending a mountain in the freezing cold where it was just solid polished ice and a few 'footprints' someone with about a 3m stride had made.  Had to practically leap from footprint to footprint, slipped, slid a bloody long way with a huge ravine in sight at the end of my slide.  By some miracle I managed to stop and get gently guided down by my mate and a lucky passer-by with sticks, but fuck me I was pretty sure that was the end.  Don't go hiking up mountains in the winter months without crampons, people.  (Or imo, don't go hiking up mountains in the winter months at all)

Edit: Oh yeah and near misses in the car obviously. One instance where I was fed up of someone hogging the middle lane at about 55-60mph for no reason so tried to "make a point" by overtaking on the outside, getting up to speed then crossing all the way back to the inside.  Only to miscalculate how fast I was going vs. how slow the inside lane had suddenly slowed to by the time I was on the inside and the one who was behind me on the outside had started to move into the middle.  Cue brown trousers, some heavy braking, the one who'd just moved in being aware enough to move back out again and me deciding in a split second that it was safe to move back into the middle before I'd have rear-ended the inner lane and caused a bunch of death and destruction.  The moral of this one is don't drive like a dick to "make a point" to someone else driving like a dick.

I feel that close calls can be valuable lessons, as long as that's all they are.
Sometimes.  I am a healthy eater in general, and occasionally that leads to somehow having a few veg and a couple of fruit.  Not every day though by a long shot!

Last weekend for what it's worth I had Badger Golden Glory (peach), Greene King Citrus IPA (Grapefruit and mandarin) and Titanic Plum Porter, and think I had some broccoli with tea, so that was 5.
I stand corrected, was thinking more of England than the whole of UK
AFAIK all land in the UK is owned by somebody (even if it's the National Trust) so it'd be technically illegal unless you called them first to ask permission (lol), but really no one cares as long as it's behind a tree somewhere where you can't be seen and it's not going to run anywhere.

Much like all wild camping (which is bound to involve some wild pissing) is technically illegal without asking permission first but no one really bothers about it as long as it's high enough up, out of sight and you don't leave a trace.
It even has the flirting tilde at the end of it.

They know what they're doing~
Found out she smoked.  Instant turn off. 
Info on rear. https://i.imgur.com/SvuINA8.jpg
Jumping to conclusions really - I'm pretty neutral about it all in all, and just tired of seeing the same arguments (both sides) being played out every year.  Quite aggressively on internet forums and social media.  It's yet another way in which we're all divided, that's all - I think people should wear what they believe in and not be fascist on either side
Curiously if I bring it up here I get downvoted to oblivion but no one really says in what way I'm being offensive with it...

Remembering the dead is how I see it also, though I'd be just as unimpressed at someone complaining about the white ones, peace is a good thing.  I just see it that people did die, and it'd be a shame to not acknowledge their sacrifice (voluntary or not) and a comfort to their families.

But yeah I share the "wear one or don't" view and extend that to "and then don't be a dick to people who chose differently"
I think it's maybe that you only hear about the wrong uns.

Hated PE and wasn't fond of many of the PE teachers, but for what it's worth, none of ours came across as anything but proper about that kind of stuff.

Fred Talbot came to visit.   (This was long before he was outed as being a bit keen with his hands)

On a personal side of things I was fascinated that coins seemed to react with the paint in the changing room walls and you could draw quite bold grey lines with a coin.  Made a right mess of the walls, got grassed, got reported to parents but let off due to out of character behaviour and being a crying quivering apologetic mess when brought to task on it...
Co-Op is the worst as the till staff there always want a good long chat with them.
Stop being so reasonable, we're trying to moan about oldies in here :)
Plus all the controversy now.  Though admittedly I've only really seen it on the internet, but some go nuts about it supposedly being a glorification of war etc
SCREEEEECH!  CACKLE!
Ulverstonian here (just down the road from Barrovia), I've seen a few hen parties descend upon us from over there and it's terrifying.
This reminds me we used to get a packaged microwave pork pie + mushy peas combo from Morrisons.  It was actually quite nice, though you'd do it in the oven so the pastry doesn't go soft.
Throw them back from in front of the car then call Autoglass on their behalf to a chipped windscreen
Weather's naff so spent most of the day helping to declutter a small corner of the house (live with parents, they're the sort of hoarders you see on TV, just without anything gross/rotten lurking in bottles.  They're in their 60s so I'm getting more and more concerned about it continuing to be a thing).  You can see a bit of carpet now and the downstairs xbox is no longer hiding under a 4mm layer of dust.

Now winding down with a pint (got a lurrverly stout right now) and will probably see what the youtube filter bubble has in store.

More decluttering tomorrow, followed by more booze...
Merry birthmas!
To be fair, some like a wet, crumbly exposed bottom.
Yeah our work has those, it almost blows your skin off but I love it.

Our work is notoriously tight, so it's probably energy efficient.
Hah, well that makes sense.  I'm hoping when I get to the older side I continue liking the excitement and variety of trying the other 7 guest ales in there!   (If drinking is still legal by then)
If it dries my hands I'll take it, but careful not to dip the tips of my fingers into the slightly moist gunk that sits at the bottom of the dryer and undo the act of washing my hands...
Ah the old classic illustrated in the actual header of the sub.  Never stops being true

A Lotus 'biscoff' accidentally dropped into black coffee makes an interesting effect.  Rather than sink, it just bloats out and looks like a giant biscuit, but sadly is not solid.
The existence of this thread is so meta
Yuppp I do that and really appreciate the new hurricane type dryers
I honestly thought people only asked for "the usual" or "a pint" in soaps..
Also can be a problem yeah.  I find the worst for this is busy pubs - you try to get away from the bar and you can't because the person behind you is so desperate to force their way in that you can't actually move out of their way!
We tried!  Well, my parents did.  They didn't even mention it until the day, "right so we agreed not to get each other anything"

Both got a ton of stuff for each other in case the other one got something and made them feel guilty, and on it went...
Yes and it makes it really difficult to Google for gift ideas as the likes of Firebox and IWOOT (gifts that are literally just "about being gifts" and pointless 'funny' shit like ball scratchers) completely dominate the search engines...
Yes, this.  I mean, if you're really good at it then you can pick out something good and make other people happy and that's great.  Unfortunately 80% of the time I suck at it and thus end up feeling like a piece of crap who isn't in tune with the desires of those he supposedly loves, and wasting money and getting stressed out in the run-up.

"Wishlists" are great (Amazon, Steam, etc) - I wish more people felt it was okay to use and share them.
Yeah exactly, I can see why they'd do it but you know.  Definitely prefer to be judged on a case by case basis (or turf people out if they're rowdy, but obviously the damage is done by then)

It was a couple of years ago and hitting up Tripadvisor was certainly tempting but thought nah, I'd rather not prove them right and be a douche about it - gave them a cheerful "oh okay no problem, hopefully we'll find somewhere!" and moved on (while bitching about them in the car)
Yeah that's fair enough, stag and hen nights can be equally disruptive!

It seems to be a blanket ban some of the "quiet family campsites" have as I've seen it at others as well.  Unfortunately groups of lads camping can get a bit overexcited and boisterous with the boozing opportunities and it's obviously led some of them to become really strict.  It's a shame they get pushed to that level of prejudice though as #NotAllLads are like that, we were just going to use it as somewhere to *quietly* crash after... admittedly a nearby beer festival... (but we're the type to be considerate and pretty much tip-toe in even after a few beers!) and went in super friendly but they were just like "nope, 3 men.  On your way."
Obviously it's somewhat relevant to quiz shows so you know what subject they might be good at, but often the occupation thing bugs me as well.  Just something about "I'm soandso and I'm an occupation".  I'm not, I'm a human being with my own unique identity (or a special snowflake :p), I just happen to work a particular job.
Depends.  Next town along, there's one where if you don't press the button it just cycles the traffic lights with no pause between one and the other and as it's a busy one with no island in the middle you'd struggle to cross.  If you press the button it inserts a pedestrian crossing period in all directions at the end of the cycle.  (Though if you want to cross both roads to get from bottom-left to top-right then you have to be quick or you're going to have to wait the full cycle again)

In this town there are islands.  The ones entering the junction are just placebos and the green man lights up when the car one is red.  For the exits (as you always have traffic either driving across it or turning into it) it inserts a pause for pedestrians.

Some others are just completely timer based
I think that's a perfectly reasonable time to put yourself first and say "I've only got a pound on me and I'm hungry, catch me next time"
It was him and Piers Morgan when I first followed them.  Now I feel like a twat for following Alan Sugar and Piers Morgan (not a fan of either, just found it all amusing)
I've heard how this happens in the cities and am glad I don't go there as it'd piss me off pretty quickly.  It's bad enough when I tried to get onto a campsite with 2 others and was turned away because "we don't allow groups of more than 2 males".  Can you imagine if that sort of prejudiced gender discrimination if it was groups of females, there'd be riots.
At least it wasn't flaccid...
Trainer at the end: "Any questions?"

Everyone else eyeing up the coffee and finger food that has appeared at the side of the room: (Pleasenopleasenopleaseno)

That One Guy: "I have some!"

Everyone else: (sighhhhh)
You were right the first time, they do have branches.  HSBC - it's the same company and you can bank there just as if you had a "normal" HSBC account.
Second one along looks dangerously close to trying to catch an eye and strike up conversation...
Be ready to say "Grace?  Who the fuck is Grace?  Does she live next door to Alice?".  It's customary to hang a British flag and a picture of the Queen.  If you visit the shops on Friday of Colour afterwards, make sure you're armed.
I don't necessarily mind that in principle, as I was allowed in some pubs myself when I was a kid (with the usual proviso that it wasn't for too long and you left by about 9 or so).  The key is "well behaved".  

I know "not all kids are the same and easy to control" and there's personal bias etc but I feel that my parents did it properly.  They didn't let me run around, or bounce around in my seat, or shout - nor did they just yell "I'm the boss" at me and tell me to shut up without explanation.  They explained that grown-ups are a bit different to children and quite enjoy sitting still and being quiet and just having a nice relaxed, quiet drink and a conversation - and that a small child running around or yelling or whining or crying can ruin it for them.  "You don't like having things ruined for you, do you?  Then be considerate to other people and act like an adult this evening."

In my case the scenario was usually that we were away somewhere and they fancied a pint before going back to the hotel/caravan to turn in and I was made aware that the day is coming to an end and given two options - 1) we all go to a pub for an hour or so and therefore you can stay up an extra hour.  You try to act like an adult while you're among other adults - sit still in your seat, talk quietly, be polite.  Don't you think that'd be fun to try?  Don't you want to be a big boy one day?  2) we all go back, and you go to bed straight away.

Oh and by the way if you pick the first option but don't keep your part of the bargain and behave, then we'll just pick the second option in future.

I chose 1 every time, being no exception to the general rule of thumb that kids enjoy 'pretend' (pretend to be an adult) and enjoy changes of scenery etc and don't generally like going to bed.

Unfortunately unless I was unusually mature in nature rather than just well parented (personally I think the latter) to many parents this seems to be rocket science... or they just don't appear to care and pick option 3: "eh whatever, come with us and run around and we'll do absolutely nothing and people will probably not be sure who your parents actually are"

Ooh I ranted :)
Usually that is a mini poster stuck to their PC monitor along with a little purple fluff ball thing.  The desktop is a picture of a drooling baby stretched to the wrong aspect ratio.
Helpful!
"Take advantage of benefits"
Pretty sure I know how to boil an egg, and I'm not much of a cook!

Surely for anything you don't know you can just google it and not only learn how to do it but also the best way?
Honestly if people are as bad as me then (seeing as places like our Tesco have stopped providing single use bags altogether now) you just end up buying a new bag for life every time you go in.  Therefore actually consuming more plastic than before the changes.
Knew there'd be a catch :P  I only spend about £40/month on fuel so definitely not financially worthwhile to me.  Thanks for the warning!
Just saw a 13 Renault ZOE for 4k on autotrader - at that kind of price I'd be in.  (Not sure what the catch would be though at that price).  Installation of the charging point doesn't look too bad with the government subsidy.  It'd easily pay for itself in the fuel and tax savings

Honestly quite tempted to go electric for my next car, it's just a worry of early adoption and being in a rural area.  Would probably at least have to go hybrid.
Ooh nice.

I had a quick speculative look at electrics (not getting a new car yet, but aware my 02's not exactly getting younger) and it looks like a while before they'll be in my price range, but it's a bright future that.
Everyone assumes alarms are false unless someone is running out screaming
That's a rapid falloff!  I must've been at least 25 before I turned into an old fart :)

Also I'm presuming this is based on Android's location history thing (unless you clock in when you get home!).  It's both awesome and terrifying that one can be tracked so accurately these days.
Yeah honestly Amazon is the only one I can think of.  Some companies can be arm twisted into good customer service but only if you show them up on Twitter or Facebook.  Amazon just gets on with it.
Nuuuuuuuuuuuuu

(Speaking as the one who mentioned how this got played on loop in my local)
I'm kind of curious to know how much premises owners get paid (if anything) for hosting a free cash machine and if there's a study somewhere on the typical difference in profits from having one (e.g. luring more people into your shop, enabling people to spend money at your arcade, etc) vs. having a paid one.

I'm equally stubborn and a few times have avoided spending money somewhere because I couldn't draw money out without them trying to rip me off.  So from my perspective it seems counter-productive.  But maybe people just cheerfully pay it.
Actual problem: Trying to play pool and someone's brought their kids in and let them run around in circles under your feet
I get that salted caramel has been a bit of a revelation in sweet treats but it's such a marketing gimmick now
I'm up North and it's peeing down in my part of it, you definitely got lucky :)
This.  I'm not defending Apple, but the world's biggest product of capitalism is naturally going to adhere to the principles of capitalism - profit in way they can get away with.  If it's legal then it's going to happen, the answer is to remove the issue of it being legal (much as the US traditionally hates forms of regulation)
Just what I came to say.  We've adopted Black Friday - Thanksgiving is only a matter of time...
I usually just steal something from /r/jokes.  It's won us best team name (4 pints) a couple of times.
Quack quack quack

I remember reading about this, I seem to recall he used the "I said tackles, not cures" line of defence.
I don't recall my instructor teaching that, more that it's to give your car a bit of extra visibility when it's parked and occupied.

Cursory bit of Googling out of interest - I tend to agree with the US perspective that if it's dark enough to require any lights they should be the full thing https://www.powerbulbs.com/blog/2016/09/car-sidelights

Further I'd have a preference for 'on' if in doubt.  My logic is generally "if I was pulling out of a junction right now, would I be subconsciously looking for headlights?" - don't know about others but that's what I find myself doing.  If so, the lights go on.  Usually, you will notice when they're not, but there's that tiny fraction of a second a car doesn't 'register' because its lights are off and you were expecting they'd be on (e.g. most others are) and every fraction of a second helps.
Long as it doesn't get them hacked :)  I blew away Teamviewer when the big breaches were happening a year or so ago.
Ooh yeah I remember Blobby CDs too
Haha yeah I do have a rough memory of maybe the originals being actual pressed CDs and the creators were mad that people were bootlegging their bootlegs so they couldn't make a profit.  The irony.

Vooodoo was the other pirate disc I remember.

Edit: Cappuccino also.  Cap6 was a good one for older Windows versions
I don't recall there being passwords but yeah it was a 'gold CD' (remember when CDRs were gold on the data surface instead of greenish?) with a little menu system on it and a bunch of software like Photoshop etc
Every time there's a hint of mist.  "OMG a chance to put my fog light on!"
A lot of people around here use their sidelights when it's sort of dark-ish and they're not sure whether to put their lights on or not so they put them "half on".  They always seem pointless to me - put em on or off
Brilliant.  The most rage I've seen about glitter since Paul Gadd's conviction.

Had me at the plasters!
Dragon 4 was best Dragon disc.
Winner!
Not sure whether I'm disgusted or aroused.
I was born in the middle and then it went to my smoothie place in my life I was going on the walk through my office and then it went through the window to the place I had a beer with a little hat on 
It's not that!

I'll put up the 4th picture which gets photographed and selfied every few minutes...
https://i.imgur.com/cMcsxPS.jpg
I often can, but people are terrible at following instructions over the phone so end up going to see anyway.  
Same.  I get "Wow you must have been starving" all the time

I actually don't like multitasking eating with talking - you get those who have a mouthful then talk some more etc and I'm thinking "this is valuable eating time..."
To be honest there's definitely an element of the latter with me.

But I also generally have no problem with just existing in silence with someone, and find the pressure to always be 'filling silence' somewhat stressful.
Hello me.

I'm aware of how bad it looks not to, but just really struggle to. I can force it at job interviews, that's about it.
This has thankfully faded a bit with the advent of tablets, but 
also applicable if you're known as "someone who knows about computers".  You get these people who rarely talk to you but when they do it's only about one thing, and they phone up with "heyyyy how are you doing, how's life, what's new?" and you're just waiting for them to get on with the "by the way, I have this message coming up on my computer..."
It's because when you're on the move it gives the oil a bit of a shake-up and also warms things up a bit faster.  When it's standing there idling the engine is working extra hard (because it's cold) with extra load on it from any windscreen heaters etc and the oil being cold and extra viscous is often lurking at the bottom not doing much.

That's how I've always understood it anyway....
Yes.  And I'm a Northerner.
Haha, the first image for ours is pretty grim really.

https://i.imgur.com/xsRv4Rb.jpg

There's an easier image to identify us from in position 4, I'm surprised that's not no. 1 actually as it must get hundreds of photos taken of it every day.
Bad for your engine and only legal to walk away and leave it running if it's off the road, but admittedly I do the same thing.
So so wrong.  




Should be coffee.
Only £1 to be fair but reminds me of the Bon Bon Buddies advent calendar I had a couple of years ago.  Door no. 24 was bigger than the others, and inside was extra plastic and the same size chocolate!
Bit further north but Manchester would be my nearest city yeah. Around here in a little town I’ve only ever ridden in the small private taxis and you always get in the front. Then I went up to Glasgow and went to get in the front of one of those and there was just a pile of junk where the seat should be and a driver not looking very impressed with me :p

I think it’s that in the cities it can be a bit more dangerous for them not having a physical barrier between themselves and the passengers
She sounds decent enough.  I mean, classic feminism is a good thing IMO.  Not the same thing as the permanently angry screechers that get posted to Youtube
Yeah I came here to mention "SJWs".  I think it's mostly an American and Canadian thing
Front.  Unless it's one of those black cab things, then they tend to get a bit pissed off if you try and get in the front!
Never heard of it!  Get one on the other side of your hob though then you'll have parallel parkin!
Nice, same as mine.  I love how reliable they are for dark or indoor shots.
If anything like busy pubs I'd sympathise with the guy, sometimes people just won't budge a millimetre when they can clearly see that someone's trying to get past and so I don't feel particularly bad if some kind of force is exerted.
Ours seem pretty well in tune with my introversion and chat with each other instead.
And seemingly,  having it tonight.  Remember remember the third of November?  Did I misremember?
Usually lately I just get stuck behind people who have that "bodybuilder swagger" thing going on where they manage to singlehandedly take up the entire width of a perfectly reasonable pavement as they waddle along like something between a sumo wrestler and a penguin.
Bung it in the oven usually
The existence of that is /r/britishproblems material :p
XD

username within video content :p
Yep, I've seen how the older fandom was more of a toy collecting thing (we do that too, like I know people myself included with more merch than they have room for, but it's not the focus) from things like the existing UK Ponycon which we've kind of joined up with now that BUCK is no more.

I have to apologise for the "lol old gen sucks especially 3.5" attitude which I had somewhat myself at first (not any more) - this was during the acclimation period when we weren't used to "liking something that's meant for little girls" and tried to justify it with "well it's cooler now and less girly".  That's mostly gone away as we got the feminist-y message of "hey there's nothing actually *wrong* with 'girly', stop acting like it's shameful" and I think those attitudes have mostly gone by the wayside now.  I for one tried and quite liked the older gen shows (interesting from a historical angle too) and particularly like G3's "A Very Minty Christmas".  Can't see myself collecting G1-3 ponies though as I don't even have room for all the G4 stuff haha.

But yeah, portrayal in the media has been mostly positive.  Portrayal on internet "cringe threads", naturally, all the cherry-picked bad stuff :)  Reality is a mixture of all the things.

So far the movie seems to have mostly just excited the remaining fans rather than resurrecting the bandwagon, but I'd say it's probably why the media's noticed we exist again.
If the roads are anything like around here, that beer is going to be all over the road, his jeans, gears and pedals in about 10 seconds or so...
Brown, if it needs it.  I feel that a good enough breakfast bun doesn't.
Someone in my local used to put Russ Abbot's "Atmosphere" on loop.  It literally drove me out of there to another pub for about 2 years..
What do you want, blood? :P

This phrase just makes me think of Hitch Hiker's Guide!
This all sounds a bit American but fair enough if they've done a good job, and yeah I'd go with a mix.  Sure you might get someone who doesn't do chocolate OR alcohol but you can't cover every eventuality :)
Yeah it's easy enough.  Just keep an eye on things, but generally they just do it all for you.  Obviously ongoing card payments have to be done yourself (unless that's changed) but that goes for whenever you get a new card anyway.

They do tell your employer supposedly, but whether they do anything depends.  In my case I had to tell them myself.  All I had to do was call HR, say "hey have my new bank told you I've switched bank accounts?" they were like "er maybe?  We tend to ignore those in case it's a scam or something" and give them the new sort code and account number.

After switching to First Direct I have no desire to switch anywhere else though!
There's also the slam of the brakes to stop.  I saw one of ours where this oldish guy had stood up and walked towards the door, as you do.   Driver takes the "slam brakes on hard" approach to stopping, guy almost falls over and tuts at the hard braking, driver bitches back with "well then you should remain seated until I've come to a stop"  (as if anyone does that)
Yeah stop fucking swearing you foul mouthed cunts.
It did it again!  LUCKILY, I had my backup alarm on still.

The reason this time is it was sat at a passcode screen, after which it updated its software.

To be fair I do seem to remember kicking off the update process then forgetting about it, then noticing the passcode when putting it on the stand and not really thinking about it.
I went in multiples of £6 for a while because my dad did (because of some kind of Esso coupons)
Nice!
I've had a few glitches recently too, like the audio not working on the watch (not on silent) until a reboot last Monday which caused me to miss my alarm.  Rebooting fixes all (so far).  Hopefully 4.1 will smooth things out
Just one little note if using FTP to transfer files.  Don't know if it's just a Mac thing but I found that games wouldn't launch if the default transfer type was set to "auto" (in Filezilla).  It must be set to "binary".  I guess some files get transferred as ascii and messed up.

Symptoms: NoNpDRM games not being detected when you try to refresh LiveArea.  Maidumps installing okay but crashing out on launch regardless of launch mode.

Had me puzzled all last night!  Obviously it's quicker to use USB which avoids this issue but worth knowing if you try to use FTP for the convenience.
I guess it doesn't sound reasonable to whoever's been mashing the downvote button on my comments in this thread, lol

I don't get the mindset of belittling an achievement someone's proud of, it may not be much to some people who smash 6000 kcals per day running up and down Mt Everest or whatever, but it still means something to me and whilst the intention is not to brag or compete, it's nice to share and maybe get some encouragement

Oh well

Not aimed at you - keep at it the way things work for you!
Yeah fair enough, different things motivate different people.  I exceed it pretty significantly over most weekends, whilst "closing the rings" keeps me motivated to keep to a reasonable (and steadily increasing) minimum during the week.  I'm pretty proud of closing them all and it makes me want to do the same in November.  Maybe with that green workout dot this time....
Started out at 350 and crept its way up to 450 over the month
Nice one :D  My first perfect month too.
Best of luck!
Yeah I'm a quiet person also so I share your pain :p  I've given up and walked out of a few places before.  More of this app idea would be welcome!
The beer n burger and curry nights are great value!  I love the curries.

But yeah you don't go to 'spoons if you're calorie counting.  They seem to manage to double everything somehow in terms of calorie density, so the only safe option is a carefully chosen salad.
Gammon.  Maybe gammon and beef if feeling a bit fancy.

Giant heap of everything else.

Of course I can handle king size - could probably handle two!
I was hearing Jen actually, when she's "haunting" that guy who thinks she's dead.  "Stop telling everyone I had sex with you, you bastarrrrd!"
You make a sharp point.
Yeah we're still a thing, just not the bandwagon from 2011 any more!  I'm not sure why the sudden interest now, maybe it's due to the movie.

Think I remember that.  We also had a National Geographic reporter in for the 2013 BUCK, he seemed alright, but the consensus onwards was to decline media attention.

Thing is any media coverage naturally has a "look at these obsessed weirdos" headlines to draw people in, then the content varies - sounds like this one was fair.
It's because they is black innit

(That's a Lenny Henry reference before I get clicked down to -20!)
Depends on the individual maybe?  As someone who blundered through school feeling a bit picked on, the dropped plate cheer was the one time I didn't actually feel bad.
Hasn't been a 'problem' here (I don't mind it, kids having fun) for quite a while now... probably this whole decade.  Year after year we've been armed with sweets only to end up having to eat them ourselves!

The local rag was really stirring the paedo fears in the early noughties and the whole trick or treat thing (there used to be loads) seemed to fall off a cliff about then.  Probably for the best all in all, sad as it is.

It seems to be more of a "grown ups" thing now, the pub is absolutely full of dress up
You make a good point relating to the barging too, which is a positive side to the queue.  It's very annoying when you're the kind of person who prefers to try and be fair and have been stood there ages and someone arrives, elbows their way in front of you, does a meerkat impression and gets served straight away.

Good bar staff can resolve that much more efficiently though - or indeed app ordering.
I didn't realise this was a thing until someone came over and said "did you order on the app?" (it was the table next door)

Will look into that, don't know if it'd work with my camra vouchers though!
I thought this was going to be debris from a dunking failure.  Turns out there is something worse!
Lemme at it.

>not only adult-friendly, it's available for adult-only sessions

Ooh.  Come and play in the ball pit with me~
Hmm.... doesn't have quite the romantic connotations here.  Go and get dripped on, bitten by midges, step in dog shit and breathe the air of the teenagers who go there to smoke.  Nice.

At least there's a Pokemon gym there.
Hmm after having tried a hard reset too, I have a feeling that one will need a trip to the genius bar :/
Even knowing what to ask for besides "er, just a bit of a tidy up"
Get that Simon Balch bloke on the case. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DI8wFkth8bg
I say mum to emphasise that it's not "mom" in case people think I'm American.
I'm surprised this isn't more common knowledge.  "Egging" was pretty common at Halloween when I was that age.  Flour makes it more messy, of course.

Maybe it's an outdated precaution?  You don't see much trick or treat around here and when you do they're usually accompanied by parents since all the paedogeddon stuff in the late 90s and early 2000s.  Back in the day it was a lot of teenagers going around threatening with "give us some stuff or we'll egg ya"
Failing that just before closing time you can get some hot sausage rolls for about 10p!
Surely only Sticky Vicks-y does that?
Mine's also the Swan.  I'm sure we can handle it without any broken legs!
Well, we do share a site with "the Donald"
I think it depends on your career goals.  Some require a degree (law and medicine obviously, some electrical engineering and design jobs etc), some (like yours) don't.  I never bothered, I'm an IT person and generally speaking unless it's some big famous company you don't need a degree for it.  Fact of the matter is it doesn't take a piece of paper for people to see it as wizardry - even if 50% of it is just not being afraid that the computer will blow up if you click on the wrong thing, 25% basic Googling skills (the number of questions you see that can be answered in a 2 second search tells you how rare that is) and 25% being able to think logically rather than panic when something isn't working.

I'm not a high flyer though.  There's that to take into account.  I'm only on pretty low pay for my age and skills (20k).  BUT I don't think that's a degree issue - it's more an issue that I'd rather live in my nice quiet rural area, stick by my family (that's a less stigmatised way of saying I live with my parents and probably always will) doing a relatively stress free job than some big city high stress thing turning me grey overnight, and I'm not exactly living in Silicon Valley here in the land of sheep and hills so no one wants to pay much for IT people.

In your situation, it sounds like you're wanting to be self employed, so I don't see a need to show yourself a piece of paper.  You always hear the big entrepreneurs saying how they left school at 16 and worked up from £1 etc.

HOWEVER, you do often hear of the social aspect.  Personally I think if I had have gone to uni my life would've gone down quite a different route.  It'd have been a natural way of progressing out of the family home, and there are all the social skills you're said to pick up and I'd probably have been more... normal?  But if you're a business kind of person, I'm guessing you're already good with social skills and not shy or anything.
I've always said it like keks.  It started out as Computer Exchange, not, say, Cereal Exchange.

But hey, cex sells I guess...
We kind of rely on them to exist (town's got nothing else going for it really).  Taking up all the free parking, let's go with that!
Yep.  Am introvert.  It's not so much not wanting to talk to people, but it's exhausting playing "keepy-uppy" in what feels like a forced conversation (often because you're been "left with someone").  The sense that unless you're spending every moment firing questions at each other you're being impolite, and that all forms of silence are awkward, can be sort of stressful to an introvert.

Having to fill say an hour with someone doing this fills me with dread quite frankly!

Of course, I could genuinely let them know what I like and what movie I've been to see 3 times so far this week so that they excuse themselves and back away slowly, thus resolving the problem :)
I’m not lying but nor can I really prove it to you. Perhaps it depends on the indoor humidity?  It’s rare to see any kind of cloud at all but sometimes - don’t know why - one does form, and unintentionally catch a current that drifts it across you. It does only last a second though and is far preferable to smoke so it doesn’t bother me, but I’m not going to say it never happens
I guess not, it's more that over here, being forced outside generally causes people to get cold and wet, giving them an incentive to either give up or vape.  As vaping is apparently a lot easier than giving up, I just see it as better than nothing and an overall positive for public health - at least until vaping vastly outweighs smoking,  that's when I'd look at then kicking that outside.
I don't think it's either of those things, and alarms are meant to sound regardless.  There just seemed to be some kind of speaker glitch that was fixed upon rebooting the watch

Edit: Perhaps whoever downvoted me could take a more constructive action and furnish me with better ideas?
I've seen people create huge clouds of it that have then swamped me and it is mildly irritating (it can seem sort of rude if anything to have someone blow a cloud in your face), however they've tended to notice the slip up and apologise.  So I'm not overly fussed personally and far prefer it to the days of having to breathe smoke whenever you went to the pub.  What worries me if there's going to be a global crackdown on vaping is if it generates pushback - we've been "pushed back" enough as it is with other issues.  There was already the threat that if UKIP succeeded in grabbing power they'd reverse the smoking ban.
Well, more "we're going to ban cigarettes indoors but we'll let you use those less unpleasant and dangerous vape things"..
They already do in the UK and everyone ignores it.

Edit: whoever it was deleted the comment but I stand corrected, it’s not illegal in the uk. The idea was mooted and somehow made its way into folklore as a real thing. I agree it’d be a good idea!  http://researchbriefings.files.parliament.uk/documents/SN04414/SN04414.pdf
Yeah I get that :)  Meant to clarify it was aimed more at those who do have an opinion on it based on appearance as it seems some do
Why does it matter what it looks like as long as it's not *actually* douchey (e.g. blowing it in people's faces)?  We seem to consciously judge on appearance far too much.

It's a lot less douchey than smoking IMO.  (I don't do either)
Just what I'd heard - worth a try!  I use "shirt protect" antiperspirant to avoid yellow stains on the pits of the shirts which I believe is also caused by the aluminium.

I should do the same really, once I went with the stuff I use I just stuck to that.
Aluminium-free roll on antiperspirant (Al is probably what causes the rashes) for the pits and a nice everyday inoffensive cologne.  I went for Thierry Mugler Cologne after moving on from Lynx - nice 'soapy' clean smelling one and unlike many scents it's not really prone to overpowering anyone's senses.  Not as cheap as Lynx obviously but a bottle lasts me a year or two so whatever.
Mind = blown.  This needs to be a LPT!
FWIW I've now effectively reflowed the entire board.  Held down each SMD with tweezers and touched the iron to both ends til they reflowed.  Carefully did all the chip legs.  Etc.  Put a multimeter on all the resistors (and capacitors for what little it tells me).  Still the same....
Perhaps the video memory has actually gone bad
Been there done that :)  The 2p ones are rigged to give out really easily so that you'll try and transfer that 'luck' to the 10p machines (which are rigged not to)
What actually happened?  I'm sure previous coins weren't this bad to take out, nor the paper fiver or tenner.  Shops would take them for a while, not give any back, and they'd naturally come out of circulation.  Job done.

The round pounds have been like a bloody hot potato.
Always been in the UK. It seemed to start with millennials around the early 2000s?  I was in my early 20s and thought I must be a right stud with work's 18 year old receptionist sending me xx's at the end of all her emails
Actually I recall spotting that some of the capacitor fluid had attacked one of the nearby SMD resistors so perhaps it's something like that.  It looked like it cleaned up, but maybe it's worth trying to replace those if it's possible to (they're tiny)
Did anyone find this out?  I’m one of the unlucky ones in my area. Seemingly everyone else got an invite

As an aside, it’s set for 12pm here. Bit harsh on the schoolers - many don’t start lunch until 12:30. Should have waited til half term (next week)
Yeah no idea what I'm doing but I see they're on opposite sides.  Gone over with magnifying glass, nothing obvious.  I think this thing is going to landfill.  I tried...
Thanks, I wondered which the video memory was.  Mine's 65256BLFP-10T and resides on the flip side (other than the other chips) but presumably that's the same one.

Will see what I can find
Also cleaned cart socket and cart.  Tried other carts too, same issue
The brilliant thing about Dot is I've seen a couple of seconds of EE recently and she looks exactly the same as I remember her looking when I first saw it getting on for 30 years ago.  She's just always been old.
Agreed, though to balance it out I think it (and other soaps) sometimes has a positive impact too.  EE was one of the first to have openly gay couples, and a HIV character, to name some.  Anything where they say "if you're affected by any of the issues raised in tonight's programme..." at the end is often doing at least something to raise said issues to the millions of addicted viewers.

I've seen people gain better attitudes towards various people when they're like "oh yeah I saw on Eastenders what they go through and how people treat them"
I watched it for a while in the early 2000s.  (The first time Kat and Alfie left when they had a happy ending, extremely rare in Eastenders, I made it "The End" in my headcanon and never watched it again)

Soaps are an addiction and also usually end in a way that hooks you in for the next episode.  You start because "eh I'm curious, bored, whatever, let's watch one" and then you end up wanting to know what happens next.  Repeat forever.

EE was especially bleak though, but I did get some sick amusement from the big Christmas and New Years stuff which are always full of death and explosions.

It did do some good - I remember it being one of the first shows to help normalise gay relationships.  Because such a huuuge number of people in the country watched it and the issues were raised in front of their noses.  Same with other soaps.  The "issues" aspect can be quite constructive.
I love how fluffy this thread got.  One of those where the best material is in the comments c:
Not as exciting as most I've read on here but basically my local has 8 guest ales, an open fire, and wifi.  All you need.
Knobhead if you can spell.  Nobhead if you're one of those people who texts "are you cumming?" when enquiring about whether someone's presence can be expected at a location (so people from Barrow-in-Furness etc)
Nay.

>Some hotel guests "were pretty surprised, but they all knew it was fun

So she was just horsing around?
I've filled in their support form (nearest 'issue' I could find was 'no pokestops nearby).  It says there won't be a personal response so I expect it'll go to /dev/null...
Unless it's something outside of your control, e.g. the impending threat of nuclear armageddon sparked by US/NK tensions.  That will certainly matter in 10 days, 10 months and 10 years if we last that long, but there's little point in stressing about it because there's nothing we can do about it.  If it happens it happens, if it doesn't then yay!  Might as well just live life until it does.
Wonder if they will ever be back. I was delighted to finally get a work pokestop and a week later it got taken away :(
OH yes, that's me too
Oh now that depends. 

There are people who like me because I try to stay balanced and diplomatic and generally try to be nice (not always successfully, not trying to virtue signal here!), and sometimes amuse them a bit.

Others who hate me because I'm a nerd, because I openly love My Little Pony and therefore must be a pedophile, because I lean a certain direction (left, if close to centre) politically, because I'm bisexual... people don't need too many reasons to hate.
We really are fucked aren't we :(

As says the man at the start of Fallout 4: "The big kaboom!  It's inevitable, I'm afraid"

Didn't think a computer game would end up a prophecy
It's awkward, I mean, suppose someone says something shitty because they've spent most of their life surrounded and influenced by people who don't understand the issues (non issues) of race - imagine being conditioned by decades of casual racism - or they've been indoctrinated from birth into a religion and have expressed their worry that a gay grandkid is going to Hell or something.  Awful, yes, but help them understand, older people can better themselves too, I'd not wish pretty much anyone to be left to grow old lonely :(

This is all just speculation though, we don't know the circumstances or the two sides of the story.
That's really sad.  Mock my area as I might from time to time, the last time I saw someone asking for help about a dozen people got there before it'd even registered with me!
Yeah at least save the end of the world until after the UK gets the My Little Pony movie premiere!
Or another layer like when you think you've finished the biscuit tin and find there's another lot underneath the plastic moulding?
Why aren't Mars, Snickers and Twix at the top?  *Mate*.  Sort yeselves out.
Okay

https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Bj7Ta8lIgAE7cXO.jpg
> LOOK AT ME, I'M TRUMP, I'M A NICE PERSON.

Or virtue signalling... one of the things that ironically the Trump supporting types tend to accuse everyone else of...
Keep thinking I've got rid of them then some fucker gives me another 5.  They're such a hot potato, it's ridiculous
Yep.  This and the drunks comment.  Last Boxing Day when visiting family my grandma was in serious pain from what turned out to be microfractures in her back, agitated from visiting etc.  She was waiting (crying out in agony) for something like 6 hours for an ambulance.  It sounds like exaggeration and drama but honestly it's not - she was deemed to be low priority basically because it was Boxing Day and millions of young people were drinking themselves half to death.

Unfortunately everything that they had to pump into her because of the pain shut down her kidneys and she passed away a couple of weeks later.  Whether any of that could've been prevented I don't know, I'm not a doctor, but either way someone being left in agony for 6 hours just shows what a state things are in (albeit on one of the worst possible days)
Yeah exactly, it's a convenience and always "mildly irritating but not the end of the world" when they do this.  It's just that it was easy, low-hanging fruit (pun unintended) when it comes to Apple bashing.  Including Google's own "headphone jack... refreshingly NOT new" advertising point for last year's model :)

I have the new MacBook Pro also (if you're gonna go Apple might as well go all the way) and while that also got every blog and youtube channel taking full advantage of the opportunity to make a mountain out of it, it's another thing that is "a mild inconvenience that more and more are getting on board with that will sort itself out in a year or two" and honestly after spending 4 digits on the laptop I was okay buying a whole bunch of 2-for-£6 packs of USB A-to-C adaptors to stick on the end of everything and forget about, plus one new set of HDMI and ethernet adaptors.
I think it's less than ideal to remove it because it's less flexibility/convenience if ever you need it... say you don't have an alternative with you and still have some wired earbuds in your drawer at work.  But I don't care to "OMG NO HEADPHONE JACK NEVER BUYING THIS" levels that you see a lot of.

I bought a bluetooth headset off Amazon for about £15 while I was still at the Android side of my Android/iOS pendulum swinging, then got the iPhone SE that I use now about 3 or 4 months ago which has a headphone jack.  I'll let you guess how many times I've used the headphone jack.

I'm by FAR more concerned about the removal of TouchID in favour of FaceID in the latest and greatest iPhones.  Expect the Pixel to do the same next year.
Best wishes.  In terms of laxatives be careful, there was a video trending yesterday about what happens if you overdose on them.  Fortunately the kid survived but an overdose can be fatal and whilst this may not sound like a bad thing to someone who is suicidal it looks like one of the more painful and horrible ways you can go.  (From my limited understanding it fucks up your kidneys and you effectively get poisoned by 'becoming' your own pee.  My grandmother died from kidney failure in the end, albeit caused by all the drugs they pumped into her due to other problems, and she was in a lot of visible and audible pain for days before her body let go)

Hopefully the doctors can identify an underlying problem for the constipation - I'm no doctor so please don't take this as advice but I'd have thought laxatives are a temporary symptom relief rather than a long term solution.
Definitely a troll acting obtuse.  There are limits to how low one's intelligence can go whilst still being able to write sentences on the internet
I would say always google or reddit search to see if you're responding to a meme before making smartass comments ;)  http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/notices-bulge-owo-whats-this
Nah it was pretty funny.  I'd say it was probably the latter - she was saying about being bombarded with dick picks in one of her other avenues

That or all the people who were calling her a creep, I guess.
Aww, I was watching that. Looks like her account's gone too.  Wonder what happened
Ah well it is Piss Take Thursday

But I'd still eat the shit out of that (and then regret it)
Who hasn't been a little bit creepy when they have a crush?  Okay don't answer that...

Honestly though I don't see it as all that bad.  It's not like she's posting anything that can identify him to anyone other than himself so as manhunts go it'd be a pretty poor effort!  It's pretty much a dog whistle (of the nice kind).  If he doesn't want to respond he just has to not respond and I don't see how any harm can be done.  Obviously she shouldn't chase him to the ends of the earth in an obsession that lasts for years, but this one attempt doesn't seem so bad.

There are a lot of "what ifs" but only way to find out is try.  If he's anything like me maybe he gets flustered and forgets in the same way she did and is kicking himself in the same way she is.  Maybe he was afraid to ask in case even that was considered creepy these days.  Who knows.  It could be a really romantic story she ends up telling her grandkids one day about how she met granddad, rather than "we both swiped right on tindr" or "well it took a very long time because we lived in a culture where we're taught that there's only an *extremely* thin line between courtship and sexual harassment so I was always afraid to pursue anyone, but one day someone was brave enough to ask me out for a coffee via email and here we are" or just not meeting anyone and not having a story.

Chances are nothing will happen, or they'll find each other again and not get along in the long term.  But at least she won't have the regrets of not having tried.
Well, being careful should be a universal thing.  But don't let fear stop you doing something that could be great.  Just to nerd things up a bit:

"You do understand that being afraid of everything means you learn nothing?  There's no opportunity to discover, to explore." -- Commander Burnham, Star Trek Discovery
Thinking you have cancer and finding out it's a toy traffic cone you inhaled in 1977
An example of why it's perfectly fine to 'fire' a customer.  Indirectly harm the competition by inviting them to go there.
I help empty barrels of beer so they can be filled again.
Whilst this apparently misunderstands the parent this is exactly what I accidentally did a couple of weeks ago at a lane closure and it took forever for anyone to let me merge in.  It's a queue culture thing in the UK though.  This "zipper" method would be more efficient but everyone is afraid that people won't emerge from the situation in the exact same order in which they entered it, so they create one big queue and anyone who drives up to where the closure is instead of joining the back of the queue is viewed as a very bad person indeed...
Thanks!  I was one of those a couple of weeks ago.  There was a huge tailback due to temporary traffic lights and I thought I could head down the outside and turn right and take a different route home - but when I got to the junction it was coned off (I must have missed the lane closure sign assuming it was there) so I had to merge back in.  Naturally everyone thought I was one of those arseholes who flies down the outside then barges into the queue.  (And being in England, disrespecting a queue is like, worse than murder)

Took AGES before someone took pity on me!  And even when they did, probably only because I drive a Ford and not a BMW or Audi.  You people are like 1 in 1000
Get a Pixel, then you get to pay top dollar AND hand over your data :)
This.  Hate on Apple all you like, you can't really prove that *any* company is telling the truth about "caring about your privacy", it comes down to trust - and I'd sooner place my trust in a company with hardware as its primary income than one with advertising as its primary income (i.e. Google)
Honestly I don't care, it looks delicious.  Check out that scotch egg, amazing.
Yeah this, it's a valiant effort but the first thing I noticed was the lack of grease!  It needs to be more heart attack inducing!
Cosy indoors, pissing down outside, plenty to eat and drink, Netflix, and no work next day.
Have tea

Click around a few forums and reddit

Go to the pub for a couple of hours

Entertain the hamster

Watch a youtube video or two if I have time left

Go to bed
Definitely.  My actual local (now houses after shutting around 4 years ago) was owned by Enterprise and they sent it into a death spiral - they refused to invest in it so it gradually lost custom so they squeezed harder and harder.  Managers (who they didn't seem to background check, one was a known drug addict) kept coming and having a quick go before figuring out how awful the company was to work with and walking out, leaving the place empty til someone else was found.  Each round of this shed more custom of course, only bringing some of it back when word got round it was open again.

Towards the end they squeezed so hard that it was often 50/50 whether there were ANY beers on at all ("we've got a few bottles in the fridge"), there were buckets dotted around catching drips from the neglected roof and when the last manager made a valiant effort to run a quiz one of the customers had to go and fetch a lightbulb from home because the pubco wouldn't even pay for that.

Some of the more vocal diehard-to-the-end customers who were protesting hardest at it shutting simply blamed the local community for "not supporting it".
Seems to me that could get the young out again.  Maybe it's because I often gravitate to "old man" pubs in the first place nowadays but even when getting dragged around the town centre it's like... most people are at least in their 30s.

Perhaps it's not a bad thing that drinking culture (around here) doesn't appear to be appealing to the late teens and early 20s crowd any more... unless it's just that they can't afford it... as it got to be a real mess anyway.  People going to pubs later in life when they can handle it better isn't a bad thing.  But if they never do get into it then naturally pubs will die off from lack of demand so I also see the presence of young people as a positive sign.

All I know is you never used to be able to move for the "barely legal to go in" crowd on a weekend and now you never see them anywhere and places are fairly mellow unless someone has a stag or hen do on.
I loved the ban.  People constantly attributed the pub decline to it, but whether that's true or whether it was vocal smokers looking for a reason to get it reversed I'm not so sure.  It made me more inclined to come out more often as a non-smoker as it meant not having to go home with clothes and hair reeking of smoke.

It seems to me there were a few camps.  One that took continuing to go to the pub and not wanting to stand outside every few minutes as an incentive to quit - along with other enclosed areas like workplaces, it seems to me that rafts took this option.  One that just got used to standing in the doorway (and getting in the way) and adapting that into like a new social group.  And one for which they were already in two minds about the pubs due to increasing costs etc and the idea of going out standing in the cold and wet every 15 minutes for another fag tipped them over the edge.

Seems to me a few have been brought back via the popularity of vapours but not sure if the numbers back that up.
Can't upvote this enough, at least for my area.  Yes a lot of pubs have closed over the past 10 years or so but they closed because... frankly they were shit, and things like the taxes and the smoking ban just basically got rid of the deadwood so you now have to make an effort instead of just 'existing'.  Thwaites/Robinsons places that only sold Thwaites/Robinsons.  Pubco owned (Enterprise etc) places that had no investment and were left to rot having last been refurbished in the 1970s.  And your typical "Fosters/Carling/Guinness" places that you mentioned.  

Most of those died off, and the most thriving ones have a range of ales, management who care about the place and are actually present (another struggling type is the ones where the landlord/manager is the Scarlet Pimpernel and just leaves some surly teenager on minimum wage in charge) and are at least somewhat looked after.
Imagine if you could raise a kid with only 80s technology and no knowledge of anything else, then one day when they turn like 13 you reveal the modern day stuff. It'd be like magic
*Looks around nervously*

I... I quite like 'spoons.  I'm sorry... that was hard to admit ;~;

Seriously though sometimes swing by there for the "beer and burger for a fiver" thing usually before hitting a beer festival.  Quite fond of that flaming dragon curry too.  However I have noticed that portion sizes have crept down over the years!

In terms of Greggs it's alright if there's no Pound Bakery nearby.
I take it, pour it down the drain and make a coffee.
Same as any Friday - drinking about 6 pints.  Guess I'll throw in a packet of peanuts now too.
Consistently closed all the fitness rings on my watch.  Will have a good long afternoon stroll later.
Yeah that's fair.

I've pocketed one when there's been no one nearby

But on another occasion I thought someone had dropped it and went chasing after him - he actually said "nope wasn't me" so I ended up keeping that one too...
This message seems to appear on pretty much every source now...
This isn't mine but relevant: https://i.imgur.com/D3RKAL7.jpg
Beer and pizza.  (Either meat feast or pineapple and jalapeno)
I remember seeing a story a couple of months ago where someone pocketed a note they found on the floor inside a shop and that's exactly what happened.  Though the issue there was it was on private property and so the right of ownership went to the shop.  If you find a note on the ground in the street it's okay I think (I have a couple of times now, looked round and not seen anyone looking for it so... finders keepers)
Yeah my dad had a derp moment a little while back and was told by the bank it'd done exactly that and had credited back.

Not sure how long it takes though, probably not that long.
*crosses legs and winces*
I wondered where these "Namby Pambies" the right wing are always complaining about came from. 
I'm not excusing the expense but Apple devices do have the benefit of holding their value well in the long term.  I'd also argue that they have value other than just on-paper specs.  The solution I'm starting to come around to, like with cars, is not to buy new.  Apple devices hold their value well in the long term BUT in the first year or so they can plummet by like half.  (Case in point I just picked up an iPad Pro 2016 9.7 with Cellular for £350.  The current equivalent would set me back £749).  Even as soon as you take it out of the box it loses something daft like 15% of its resale value.  But once it's a couple of years old it then levels out and holds its value really well.  So it's smart to buy a year old, keep a while and look after it, and sell.

The limitations on me don't seem to get in my way at all now unlike in the early days (when jailbreaking was a must for it to be tolerable!) and seem to limit developers more which I'm happy with as it forces good behaviour.

I love iTunes for organising my music and thankfully you don't need it for iDevices any more.

But I'm no shill either - yes I prefer their products and enjoy much of what they do and think things like the headphone jack are blown out of proportion because "lol apple sux" but I hate some things too - some shitty things they do include refusal to acknowledge obvious and provable design flaws until forced by class action lawsuits (bad antenna design on the iPhone 4, touch sensor IC not underfilled on the iPhone 6 causing touch disease etc), extortionate RAM and storage pricing in their upgrade tiers, hanging on to near-unusable amounts of storage on the entry models for far too long (addressed for the time being), deliberately disabling software features the hardware is perfectly capable of to entice you to upgrade (the existence of Continuity Activation Tool proves that one) instead of letting an upgrade sell itself on its merits etc etc....

All tech companies do crappy things they just do different ones.
With you there.  I'm still... okay maybe I can't say "still young" any more  (35), oh bother, let's say "relatively young".. and can fiddle with devices til the cows come home.  I've spent many an hour tweaking Linux installations to be just so, and putting custom ROMs onto Android devices.  I work in IT support (bit of everything, servers and desktops) and know perfectly well how to look after an Android device so it's not a case of not knowing how.  Heck, I'll acknowledge that they look after *themselves* a lot better in recent versions.

However I am back on an iPhone (and the full Apple ecosystem), partly because it passes things back and forth with their computers (i.e. a MacBook) just so much more fluidly, battery-friendly and privately than using something like MightyText on a Windows+Android or Linux+Android setup, and partly because after spending all day maintaining IT stuff and because I've amassed more varied hobbies these days than just "doing more IT stuff at home" I don't want to spend any significant amount of my time tinkering.  Unless I actually *want* to for hobbyist reasons, then I'll break out a raspberry pi or something.

Battery and privacy management are very good reasons indeed.  The battery in iDevices is smaller than I'd like but at least it's consistent and predictable, so I don't pull my phone out of my pocket expecting it to be at about 70% only to find that my freedom-friendly OS has allowed a bug in e.g. Twitter.apk the freedom of pegging the CPU all day and it's down to 5%.

The other thing is backups.  With the backup API in Android 6-or-so-onwards being extremely optional and rarely used I'd spend far too much time rsyncing this to that and checking it over regularly to make sure everything's covered.   Lose an iPhone and hit restore on a new one and literally everything is back except for your fingerprint and Apple Pay cards.
Just needs one of those dainty little spoons
Oh believe me the market exists I know it ony too well...
A lot of the offices are rented... not actually that many of our own employees go there... hence this was a sign on the door and not an email
Pigeons are alright.  My Youtube recommendations are full of people petting tame / pet ones after I clicked on one randomly one time... they seem pretty chill.  You wouldn't see a seagull sitting there quietly cooing.
my~

I saw some bread once that I thought was for me, then I realised it said "thick cut"
Damn right.  I'd go nuclear!
There was a notice from the MD pinned to the door a few months ago absolutely raging about 'whatever disgusting excuse for a human being' had shat all over the bowl and not cleaned it afterwards (sounds like it was one of those explosive kind of sessions).  They were encouraged to have the moral fibre to go see him, fess up and apologise
There is unfortunately still a probability of a conventional attack leading to at least one nuke.  Perhaps not to world ending levels (depends on the knock on effects) but the consensus I've seen on here many times lately is that an attack on NK would trigger a bombardment of Seoul, okay with normal weapons but there'd be huge casualties and the destruction of quite a nice city there.  The added danger now is a nuke fired at Guam, which the US would then respond to with a nuke in turn.  The decision whether to end the world would lie with China, I imagine.

This is why, despite all the sarcastic remarks about "yet more sanctions" and calls to attack them, they've still not done so.  As has been said quite a bit, the time to attack them was decades ago.
Glad it wasn't just me!  Thought it was 2016 again!
Barrow to Lancaster on a Saturday morning.  Two carriages every time, people squeezed on like sardines every time
That girl looking on like "oh okay I'm not needed"
Same. How is this not all over the news instead of vague threats from North Korea and such?
Well, whilst I'd say macOS hasn't made giant leaps (primarily because it didn't suck in the first place!) since like 10.6, with the graphical change of Yosemite being the most visible, I'm not saying it's a bad thing!  Merely that MS had more catching up to do in the past.  

It's the same reason I don't think the iPhone SE or 6S/7/8 are a bad thing even though some call them "dated designs" - they're already well refined with no need to redesign them just for the sake of redesigning and the iPhone X makes me kind of nervous about what happens if they do.
Oh indeed.  When I got my first Mac they were still stagnating on Windows XP with little sign of moving and then a couple of years later they finally released..... Vista.  The Windows situation was dire and OS X was so far ahead it was a revelation.

They're pretty close nowadays as MacOS hasn't changed all that much whilst Windows 10 as you say has made great strides... I'd say it's actually pretty good (aside from annoyances like the telemetry minefield, enforced reboots, "spam" apps adding themselves to the start menu and the Settings/ControlPanel mess they've had since 8 where they just can't be bothered to finish porting it) but after a year using it as my daily driver I still prefer macOS.  I was pricing up premium PC laptops and for just a couple hundred more (and much better resale value so lower TCO) I could get a MacBook Pro so went that route.  Even though it seems like Apple is at a low point right now it just shows the general poor state of affairs in tech that it's still (IMO) the best for both computing and mobile.

They were definitely right that a good answer to problems was "get a Mac" - it's just that people hated how smug it sounded, especially in conjunction with the Mac vs PC ads they ran :)
I got an A grade 2016 iPad Pro 9.6 32GB, with cellular (locked to EE) from CeX for £350.  Second hand is the future for me when it comes to Apple tech - this hike only furthers my view that if you're on any kind of reasonable budget you'd be daft to buy new these days.
Haha... touché
Never been a problem for me.  I'd advocate a choice of "FaceID", "TouchID" or "Both" in the security settings of some future iPhone (but yeah I doubt TouchID is coming back)
Haha

Seriously, I'd probably give up and jump ship to Android again.

Lose the ears and get under-screen TouchID though and they'd have a deal.
Apple users went through a period of being very smug and saying "get a Mac" whenever someone had a problem with their PC etc... so they decided the best way to teach us a lesson was to do it back tenfold.
I'm going with solution 1, but reserve the right to contribute to the backlash so that hopefully they'll see "hmm, people hated this decision" and make something I'll be more interested in buying next year, or possibly change the system and UI guidelines in iOS 12.
... but 20% less uncool.
LMAO...

I think they're doing it to "stand out" against the Android competition so that it's an "iconic" design, but rather than stand out because it's good, it stands out because it's desperate to, like a guy going around in a jester's hat.
Jony Ive: Don't you think he looks tired?