Screw Duncan Hunter, That blockhead sold us out to the FCC. 
Send pics of the full spool or it didn't happen.
that surely woulda taught him a lesson 
/r/madlads 

Oh he wouldn’t dare!
ah the ol’ system shock fan. sorry buddy, but not every game can have the same game mechanics 🤷🏼‍♂️

I still believe that the second game isn’t better than the first, but it shouldn’t be considered the “worst”.
a pair of sketchers would do nicely there as well
yes i’ve had it happen one time or another . i discounted it as a mirror card glitch but idk
Sounds like an average family reading the news, I suppose you’re expecting them to pray and wish condolences on every person killed that day? 


well... how can you blame them. 

I mean seriously, media outlets have desensitized its audiences to horrors like this. Can you blame them for being so used to violence and horror like this? It’s beyond ironic to see the same media sources pointing fingers at gun control that continuously cover gruesome and tragic stories merely for the shock value. 

What kind of questions did journalists ask the witnesses back when Columbine happened? I’d really like to see the tone change as media outlets began exploiting tragedies for clicks . 
Can you stop removing all of the comments that are highly upvoted? it’s ridiculous clutter and no one gets to read them since they are deleted.
how else would you do it 
why were you only dating her for that one day? /s hehe
Geez , there’s a really good pun here somewhere.

*the pot calling the kettle black*
hm... there is no Twitter handle could you send me that page for reference?
papa!
Are you sure it’s satire though? 


lmao the fuck
this is what I came to the comments looking for ! This has been my reference for any weird and unexplainable events. 
are we saying that now instead of The Twilight zone )):
God i wish i could shade that well... excellent work! You should have it mailed to Ethan tbh
i don’t think half of the kids on this sub were born before ‘99.
drugs are bad mkay
ya hahah me too guys 
/notme_irl 
that’s really not that good tbh lmao
unfortunately due to legalization , illegal sales have only gone up with those under the recreational age. A lot of people here in California have picked up growing out of their backyard without a medical license because “the new laws” . The dispensaries have become a real problem. And i don’t mean the legal medi shops who are registered with the state, i’m talking about large scale storefronts used to cover pot sales. The Storeowners frequently let in teens and young adults who are not card owners. People have no idea how bad the problem really is when it comes to illegal weed sales.
my thoughts exactly my friend 
we here at /r/me_irl, we are revolutionaries. 
While it wasn’t overrated due to the fact it was released last minute, but Cloverfield Paradox fell extremely short for me.
everyones just trying to find their own ways to cope with Cloverfield Paradox being bad okay 

/s
The house made of cards television series
let the man be the monster nazi he wants to be 
that scared me lmao
omg i’m disheartened to say that i’ve seen those in my hometown!! 
personally, My guess is that the film is gonna be called The Cloverfield Experiment. Partly because I suspect that the nazis are going to build a teleporter of some sort that will summon the monsters tying them into the franchise. It’s a long shot, but one can only speculate at this point! 
[here you go!] (https://drive.google.com/file/d/0ByYIvD-IWF_9bV9EN0p3dmNNLU0/view)
It fell incredibly short for me and I had such high hopes for it too. After reading the original screen play for The God Particle, I can say some of the rewrites did the film an injustice. I ended up with more questions than answers at the end as well, but it was really awesome to finally see the movie !
some would say he’s an impasta
honestly this movie was a real trip
the xog master strikes again with another irrelevant comment .
wow you really showed him! why don’t you do something more productive than comment on a thread related to marijuana . If you’re morals haven’t revolved past the days of the common rube , I feel very sorry for you. 
fuck you mashable quit capitalizing on a great movement 
you guys are worse than the threads over at /r/NSFW_GIFS
ya ya  nice effort 
yeah I was having the same thought , no one draws their numbers like that anywhere it’s just silly 
Part of me knew they pulled that “original Arabic number system” out of their asses. I’ve never heard of any system like this ever. 
honestly that’s fair enough, I thought the replies were worthy of a post but looking at it again I don’t think this is quite the sub for the post.
I have made a continuous lapse in judgement 
get off reddit dad
jesus , this has r/im14andthisisdeep written all over
EDIT: is 
your post is lacking substance. take it down. 
EDIT: racially sensitive people couldn’t handle my wording so i removed the word black
holy shit this is getting juicy 
clearly riddled with satirical themes. but would be pretty shitty if this was real though
Thanks, The Onion. 
I have the sudden need to clean the floor of my car of stems... lol.  this is really sad though. 
do you have a source on that my man?
more like ignorance and hatred 
que the spring into my room and the dive into my sheets ;)
el oh el high quality 
you stopped that crook from breaking into your home! that’s a fucking save in my book.
fool like you would walk around spouting quotes from the movie too acting like he seen it
there are apps a literally everywhere else on the app store that offer a more unique experience than this .  for the same price as well.
* donut sled donut sled donut sled*
what the fuck
What a useless , waste of money. Seriously. Are you not allowed to use the app until your phones at 5%?
you dumbass
woooosh
interfaces flawlessly on Chrome for iOS! The unlock feature works great , i admire the effort! I can only imagine this will just take off from here.
fuck yeah it’s about damn time ! let’s hope those reshoots will do the movie a justice.
how much of her face is real :0
hahhhhh
that’s really interesting , it sounds like an effective security measure! 
okay jokes aside, is that used for an actual credit card or is it used for something else?
didn’t the tide pod eating start after the first of the year? or i’m i missing something. 
that filter definitely weighs a gram for sure... 
Lmao
it comes with a blast shield to protect from the heat!
Wow! amazing that such a false narriative has made it to the front page.. This never happens. /S
the boba tea hahaha
r/frisson 
i’m gonna cry this was the best thread i’ve read all day thank you
payday 2 hell yeah
don’t sticky the posts everyone is going to see it 
ya but by the time you’re in the theatre watching your movie you’ve already spent your check on buying popcorn and Sour Patch Kids .  
i’m readyyyyy! 


Maybe don’t thrust a child into a situation like that until they are emotionally ready for that kind of commitment. 
oh for fuck sake push your agenda somewhere else. 
yes
*whispers in desperation *
*offence*

its offense , mate. 
reminds me of Bioshock for some reason...
watching the movie for the first time , I asked myself the same question. 
oof it’s like clock work 
🐼
what LMFAO


You are comedy LMAO
benzo is already short for something ur dumb for making up that whack ass title 😂😂
i don’t like this
What if this an actual prediction of the rocket mans boom boom day
Yeah, I’m gonna call bullshit on this one. I have used HTCs older line of smartphones and they age terribly. the software faces irreversible slowdown after a year of use. 
i’m white and this is me essentially 
is that a real article :0
merry repost 
I’m still getting over the Ray Rice assault jokes 
hah algebra 1 is a freshmen class

don’t know what i expected
wow somehow i’m not surprised 
papa bless!
who put my mans Tortuga on trafficking smh.. 
I thought this was a headline from the onion lol
and super overpriced dabber tool. 

“got this at *super expensive glassblower* for $3000!”
A follow up question , is it possible that the discovery of dinosaur bones in the Medieval times could have contributed to the myths and legends of dragons and such? 
Me too I ran to the comments very confused
I have yet to see such scientists with no anterior motives. Haven’t you read the novel Jurassic Park by Michael Crichton ?

good luck with getting “competent people in office”. we have been trying for years. 

There’s no such thing as a completely string-free diplomat. They all have their own agenda, and if Climate Change is contradicting with their Religious Belief system, Political Agendas, etc they won’t waste a lick of their time on it. 

Not everyone is aware of the threat that Climate Change poses. We need to focus of educating the public on the real dangers we face. Once everyone knows how fucked we are, then shit will change. 
he’s putting on glasses like fuck sake how is that funny 
wow , I think I need my actual inhaler after this one!
/im14andthisisdeep
lul
I’m curious and sorry if I sound ill informed , i’m not a cat owner ):

but what is catnip exactly? And do the cats enjoy whatever effects it brings on? 


why does everyone in that video appear to lack basic hygiene routines. Seriously. they all look like they smell like garbage. 
bless . I hate cunts who drive beemers like that. 
I would have beat that fuckers ass. “I was going to come over-“ what a load of shit.
When you don’t get what you voted for.. always question the cogs in the machine. Not the machine itself. 
I think I speak for everyone when I say this is one of the biggest jokes i’ve seen hit this sub.
*fuck*
*his family*

are you going to blanket him into the mix just because he is their child? Who is to say the child doesn’t represent those beliefs held by his parents? 

His family is shitty. Using the kid as the buttons of a joke is fucking ridiculous. This sub is full of little kids who still haven’t grown up and learned how to treat each other correctly. 
/r/wholesomeaskreddit
Aaaand I just spent ten minutes reviewing my options for a subscription to Gummy Candy. 

These actually look very good and it’s actually a pretty good deal I can see myself buying it after the holidays

##please help me 
possibly due to a lack of meaningful experience , eh? /s

the drugs effects are drastically different for everyone, and so are the reactions to it.

Pre-existing conditions are known to be amplified while on LSD, so maybe he had psychological problems that went undetected . 
Currently in a place without them. Where can I get me some jelly babies though ?those look amazing !
r/getmotivated id very useful for me at least

r/getdisciplined as well
I’ll take harem sex bots for $500 alex 
*Sees Gloomsound shares drumkit*

SKSJKSJSJ

Big fan of your stuff man! 
lol
Fallout 5: Rocket Man 
The video just bothered me because it was clearly made with the sole intent to advertise the brand. *That* is deceptive. The video was so uninteresting , it led me to the thought of “what the fuck am I watching , an ad or a comedy skit by HoodClips?”. 


sorry if my interest in preventing deception bothers you , you didn’t have to engage in this thread and waste your precious time 

you must not understand the fundamental idea of separating entertainment from advertising then. 


I believe that social media should have a well defined border between the advertising and the content. When you subliminally advertise a product, it comes off as very deceptive. 

Plus it’s obnoxious and makes the platform as a whole very untrustworthy in my opinion. Sure, I can unfollow all of the accounts that are guilty of these deceptive tactics. But like I said , it’s directly influencing hundreds of thousands of people and it’s discouraging that Instagram is seemingly unaware. I feel like this is something worth investigating 
Goodness, you’ve saved this and pasted it across all of your posts? 

That’s too much man!
Yeah and it proves nothing . Your wild claims and purposely obscure explanations begs the question of whether or not you lick his windows. You’re a fucking basket case for arguing against people who clearly proved that your claim was not only false, but *completely absurd*. 
Yeah this is absolutely hilarious I have never heard of something so absurd 
###CALCULATING
I agree. Their new stuff speaks a different tone to me than when I first started listening to them. 
the battery I am using is the eLeaf Mini iStick . It’s never failed me , always provides amazing clouds 
Looks like a new battery should get you ripping fat , I recommend the Mini iStick, it’s only about 30$~ and it’s an absolute beast. 
Traitor! The dank side is strong with this one
Someone called the MIIIILK MAN! 

That is what me and my homies used to say when the bong turned completely white from the smoke. 


SD ents hit me up !! 
There are rules that apply to social media in regards to advertising. For example,  Youtubes terms of service in regards to advertising has been working very hard to prevent this very problem from occurring on their platform. 

Youtubers who don’t specify that they are being paid to endorse a product they are advertising will have their videos stripped of their Adsense. And their channel can be terminated if this is repeated... So I don’t see why a rule of similar fashion doesn’t apply here. 
r/whitepeopletwitter 
ew 
This brought genuine tears to my eyes 

#robotlivesmatter 
Yeah ... but these pictures and videos have no indication that they are being paid to advertise. *None* of them do. 
my relationship not going well is obviously a door for me to go bang other chicks!
Do you ever answer DMs and just think , hey this guy MIGHT be recruiting for ISIS??? 

youuuu fuckin druggo mate

/s we need a haiku with the volcano bong asap!!
And cue the curb our enthusiasm meme with footage of the perp walk!
Elon Musk needs to quit bullying our robots ):
[here is the link to the video of Duncan Hunter clearly hitting a vape in a congressional hearing . ] (https://youtu.be/5Vlq22Dd3_Q)

He even goes into the health benefits and possible future use of that technology . 
yeah sure this will be me 

*when I can finally afford it...*
Remind me! Tomorrow 
Everyone is gonna be so upset i’m excited 
Keep saying smart things buddy, it seems to be really working out for you. 
works for me ;)
I haven’t seen the age restricted sign turn green before what is this nonsense 
that would make for a great /r/justiceserved post if they finally get the album from that cunt 
I was not aware of this rule, as I thought i was browsing /r/streetwear .  

it was just generally worded in a negative context, I felt that it wasn’t necessary to convey proper constructive criticism , but thank you for the reminder!  


I like the style and I for one would definitely rep that shit. 

edit : my apologies for my rude behavior
I disagree I actually like the black text. 
there are plenty of people knocking off brands out there , especially in SoCal where I am. Dispos in East County are notorious for their wax having pesticides, so the dispos with test results are the only legitimate way to know truly what you are getting. 
Yeah those cartridges inside the plastic can only hold a half gram of oil, that is all I came to say. I have experience buying HeavyHitter and Brass Knuckle (which are high quality brands) and I will say that those two companies have only offered one gram and two gram cartridges.

 I apologize if my comment gave you the impression that I have seen those particular cartridges before , and after looking at the wax in the picture , I can see that they are a knock off. There are small bubbles in the wax that just aren’t in the heavy hitter carts. regardless , thanks for clearing it up 
yeah that’s why i’m saying *usually* . i haven’t seen those in my damn life, why are you telling me sorry? 
yeah that’s why i’m saying *usually* . i haven’t seen those in my damn life, why are you telling me sorry? 
fuck bro 90$?? for a full gram ? which state if you don’t mind me asking ? 
that is the half gram variant . this company usually sells in full grams or the two gram carts.

Edit: Those are not genuine Heavy hitter, but they are half gram cartridges 
you mean expensive? 

because they are very good . I just don’t see paying 50 for a one gram cart , you can sometimes find bundle deals with them though 
yeah bro honestly i’ve had several Rove cart break on me too. The wax is fire though 
I’ve been smoking wax pens for about two years and i’ve had a range of different potency, and that is some good quality stuff. from my experience I would say take one hit and choose how long you want to inhale , it doesn’t matter just go with what you feel comfortable with. then wait about 15 minutes. 

during that time you’ll be just being aware of your level of high and seeing if you want another hit or not. if you aren’t quite where you want to be, you can always hit it again!

Good luck!
that is quite insensitive of you. I recommend cutting off the relationship to avoid the most damage to him. You are at fault here , for not being honest with yourself and with him. So make it right.
how the fuck is anyone supposed to understand this?
you are no black man you are a rube
geez i seen this on post malone’s sub too, just blasting your content to every sub across reddit now? 
lmao
It was a water bottle 
Why are they forced to respond *now*? 
go see what i’m watching? wtf kind of logic is that lmao 

“gee i really wanna experience snakes on a plane to its full potential “

*opens tab to Expedia*
anti corruption huh? doesn’t sound all too terrible to me
I’m french and currently live in SoCal and care about the fall of corrupt officials. Before you infer someone’s nationality, think a little.
I thought Ian from Smosh already went on the podcast 
Yeah wow ! Large corporate food chain has a large sum of money , and I DONT EAT THERE?? where could they possibly have gotten that money from .. 


Let’s put your stupid reply to play shall we , a Bosnian ex general drank poison to evade prosecution, they must have killed him to cover up his own war crimes! 
did you ever give up your dreams? because it sounds like you gave up on your dreams.

edit added a letter 
And the evidence you have that supports the contrary? I am presuming you have it?
I had the same topic brought up at my school, but in a simpler, less clever way to spark debate. The guy to the left of me taps me on the shoulder and asks:

"hey cmann360zamboni, do you say water is wet or not wet?"

I thought his question was absurd in a sense that it serves zero purpose being answered, simply because water has unique properties t. However, I went along with it.

"You know, I'm not sure we can decide if water is wet or not due to its state of matter-"

"IF YOU JUMP INTO A POOL. YOU ARE NOT WET. IF YOU GET OUT OF THE POOL, YOU ARE WET."

That's where I turned and faced forward. 
do you have evidence to support what you’re saying ?
Yeah it truly does. It is only when you’re petrified of what your regime will do to you when they prosecute you for committing atrocious war crimes . hiding from his past of harming countless lives. Preserving his families financial future by taking the power away from the Chinese government to properly execute him. 

*He* is a coward. 
no i’m pretty sure that was the Titanic. Didn’t they kill everyone off at the end too?
Your post is the result of misinformation and insensitive bigotry. and felt the need to convey that through vulgarity because your post is so god damn disgusting . You are apart of a larger problem in America you understand that? You are holding us back from the better days by increasing the boundaries between each other as human beings. If I analyzed your terrible post I have a feeling I would get no response from you , because you are a sad confused individual who screams into the echo chambers of Reddit with the hopes that someone can hear you. 

And because your comment had zero bearing to the discussion , it made no fucking sense
I like to keep mine free from flower resin ): 
We are always ripping dabs along side bowls of bud!
every chance I get I do! It stays clean for awhile actually, like two or three days. I might just buy him an ash catcher or something for Christmas. 
who the fuck is salin
I bet that gets you a lot of attention doesn’t it !
this is going to be so bad. When everyone goes to pull their BTC what will happen?
the majority of questions asked on this site can be googled you fucking rube , why did you have to reply with such a stupid comment? 

No one answered OP and instead decided to be cock swabs and talk shit. it’s not necessary for the thread .  
doing God’s work
[wow this post sheds more light on your personality than your username!] (https://www.reddit.com/r/HiggerNators/comments/7a1lsq/my_thoughts/)
Fuck this guy and his derogatory comment. Good on you for supporting your daughter , and it takes a lot to help a child understand that these ideas of preconceived hatred for homosexuals are VERY wrong and should not be tolerated by anyone. Anyway good on you for doing your job right 
Hey OP, I am a heavy user who is trying to stop dabbing. I wake up with a dab and go to bed with a dab. I feel like I never get high anymore, and I feel like the weed has stopped helping me with anxiety. Has decreasing consumption helped you? 
Wow! What a save! 
It’s going to be okay . YOU are going to be okay. If you need someone to talk to , you can always PM me. 
it’s one mistake lad don’t beat yourself up , and appreciate it 😎
a “he “ gold
damn , the first one was good but that definitely was the nail in the coffin . 
i also live for the cynical comments from people like you (: 
no where in any state at all in the United States does it say that you cannot occupy a roundabout for an extended period of time , That is what i was saying . I did my research , and I found no claim stating otherwise. and I was not saying that traffic laws are enforced by the federal government ... how dense are you
He almost thought he couldn’t be swindled ! 
I see my mistake now thank you 
There are no brand logos anywhere on the cart? I have no way of IDing the brand but that’s a half gram 
LOL no he’s just playing 
i live for moments like this 
How ELSE would you host that show , sober???
*i dunno guys it’s a toss up at this point to tell it’s real or fake *

these comments 
This looks amazing , well done !
Fuck the two top comments, the condom should be secure on your dong before insertion .this is to ensure that no semen escapes the condom . The ring on the condom should not restrict blood flow or leave a mark around your dick either . Is the regular size uncomfortable to the point of pain ?
boy we really showed them with those downvotes huh guys
seven dollars ouch 
Cmon dude Odd Future was pretty much full of kids hopping on trends . At least Tyler’s new album was good 
Old skool ROLLIN DEEEEEEP
Let’s create a shitposting sub just for Pai, we can call it /r/PopthatCherryPai
Pretty much everyone. Which is why #Thanksgivingwithblackfamilies was probably a bad idea in the first place
r/wholesomehaikus
showed up his punk ass
oh shit , do you have a video of it? put it up on Twitter and @ him
Lost all his credibility with the caption , nope I will NOT forget about all the creepy shit you’ve done you creepy fuck
Jesus christ fuck off with your PC master race gate keeping bullshit. Just answer OPs question and keep your LULs in your pants
what are you talking about? can you explain what happened to provide a little context? 
yes please 
that doesn’t make sense 
-Ron
Found the SoundCloud rapper with 70 follows who makes “beats” 
I hope it was him ),:
this OP
hmmm. it sounds to me like there is wax inside the air hole , could you send me a picture of what the 510 connected looks like on the bottom? It’s very possible that there’s wax clogged in the bottom
Alberto’s has the monopoly around my block. It’s just slop. 
no u 
no u 
living in SoCal here. SoCal burritos are shit
just journalists being journalists.
looks like the top layer is a different strain of wax
1991
I am hoping iDubbbz reopens the case on these disgusting channels. Seeing a content cop post the Ricegum video should provide this subject enough coverage. 
Welcome to the hypocrisy of the Internet!
shitty formatting ruined it for me 
oh shit , I just rewatched the video and it appears the jacket is actually white!
okay stop; who the fuck robs someone with that color of jacket on 😂😂
EDIT: just rewatched it and realized the jacket was highlighted to illuminate the suspect. Eyes you’ve betrayed me 
i used to be generous with my pieces until I had several of them broken by my careless “friends”. Rarely saw any money back to replace the pieces either. It’s times like that where you find out who your real friends are!
brooo you got the PS VR that shit looks fun asfff 
OMG i saw this on the menu for like $3 at the medi i go to . are they worth it for mobile smokers?
way to go
extra curricular /after school tutoring 
how’s the draw from both carts? are they clogged?
hell yeah team small nips 
seconded OP! I had one of these grinders and after a few full chambers the kief build up makes it very hard to turn. invest in a 4 chamber grinder if you can!
I always get those life waters at Barons Supermarket. I always had the idea to make it into a bong , but a steam roller is a great idea 
No sorry i should explain myself 😂 I use that lighter to ignite the end of my bernzomatic butane torch I have. I was so high I didn’t think to look for it . i went straight for the lighter [9]
ITT: I’ve been dabbing in the east coast for 30 years son.. 
they tried to give them to my mom for her fibromyalgia . As soon as she told me what they were going to put her on I said fuck no , were seeking alternative pain treatment options. Not trying to lose my mom to that devil drug.
a bit soon for celebration i think right guys?
you’re as much an idiot as you are shut out from events that very much have the potential to effect you.
baguette city
Ø
What a waste of tax dollars. Should have kept him in a pig pen . 
silly flower
hey frenchy it looks like you’re the only one in this thread with even the slightest evidence of a God complex. it’s not your country that is without a backbone, you are . Speaking on behalf of your country and in the same instant talk down to another ones country. Just a silly rube with the lack of critical thinking . That’s the one thing you banquettes won’t have , and that is civil liberties. 
*sigh of relief*
/r/insaneideas
this is stupid. this destroys the cartridge. 
i hope they find every fent dealer out there . they need to be locked up.
someone please shop eduppz in
damn y’all really insensitive to say nothing good happened to you in the past 11 months. 
It’s says that about 56% percent of the human population has had a drink in the last month , according to the National Institute for Alcoholism 
I’ve known it from the very start. The whole platform is full of users exploiting the algorithm Youtube has in place to favor good content over bad. People making 1 hour videos on nonsensical bullshit , just to be favored by the algorithm for having a longer run time.

The people animating these videos are only after the money. H3H3 illuminated this problem when he analyzed how the MoeBradberry boys did their spider-man and Elsa channel. 
oddly specific.
thanks for sharing
That’s what i’m saying! 
you have a terrible way of measuring success , but what do i suspect from pure satire !
yeah he’s exploiting the Youtube algorithm. Such Success!
You should tell him to stop making Youtube videos , [his content is actual dogshit .](https://youtu.be/vbTOHITC_xY) 
i think we found her 
no this is perfect .

Anyone familiar with the atrocities of the Salem Witch Trials can expect this meme to sell out . BUY BUY BUY
let me know how you feel after shit starts getting good again OP. maybe i’ll follow suit .
i feel like i’m dying every day i take a rip. yet i still take a rip . idk why i do it .
you are not like most smokers then.
i’ve been smoking daily for two years with this problem. Eventually your lungs will acclimate  and if you have an inhaler , keep it nearby in case you have trouble breathing. Having it there sometimes helps calm down the tightness in my chest 
worst way to cardiac arrest ever man 
to be fair , there are ways to deal with depression
without taking benzos.
Atlas : Moira.... Patrick... 
new election is set for next year i hear .
/r/jesuschristreddit
that’s what happens when you fuck around with pressed shit bro 🤷🏼‍♂️ be smart with your drugs. yes , even if you are an invincible soundcloud rapper. 
moran
the dude took presses bars. like come on. why are people surprised
If Bioshock VR was announced i would scream with joy 

anything that brings the emersion even closer to the player!
It droned on for about ten minutes before the video was taken if that provided you with a little perspective 
it worked thanks man
it’s a glitch with the ambient whale sound loop in the game. If you can hear it ; it plays distorted for pretty much the entirety of the video
this meme has such weird wording idk why
still standing up for fair use ... before he made a video covering the topic 
LSD is a pretty popular strain actually
Wow a witcher meme i can finally relate to
/s
yikes
your comment added nothing to the discussion , that’s why you were downvoted. 

“so what” to “it works” doesn’t hold any value to the thread, and doesn’t even make fucking sense. 

and TBH your  *italics don’t help make you sound any more articulate. *
It’s a twisted spin on relevancy and cleverness 
we all know how safe things brand new technology is , especially if the FDA approves ! 
it isn’t worth criticizing that’s what! 
NSFL that shit man that was terrifying 
why is everyone acting surprised? this has been going on the whole time..
crine? 
wtf? seriously i made a bagel this morning and pressed bagel but i could swear that it was toasted on both sides... I’m gonna be conducting an experiment i’ll be back with my results.
no? not by any means . i’m saying that they’ve already made several videos illuminating the subject , i seriously doubt that they want to get into more drama with MoBradberry after they had them on the podcast a few weeks back. 
I doubt they would cover that in fears of damaging their rep with the Bradberry bois
in the right context , sure. In yours? nah. 
it’s not even funny anymore at this point 
fortunately for you OP you get to keep all the karma you just reeled in! Maybe you will learn to let your comments and posts ride in karma the correct way, not in exchange for a recipe. 


much more profitable to keep it federally outlawed unfortunately.
i thought it was against reddit’s community guidelines 
ITT: OP is a karma whore and won’t give us the recipe unless we hand over 777 karmas
/r/wallofmeaninglesstext
jesus fuck just take this post down. I came to understand the title and left even more confused than i arrived.
Congrats America , you played yourself.
isn’t grivious supposed to be dlc though?
yes . And the sad thing is Youtube is only beginning to scratch the surface. 
the fuck... some twisted ideas of “fun”. 
because karma that’s why!
don’t know why you were down voted , this is the most true comment here 😂
cringe asf hahahaha
/r/im14andthisisrep
fuck that is horrid. Someone needs to stop this behavior before he grows up and acts on these fantasies.
/r/elsagate for anyone who’s interested on the fight against this creepy shit.
well at least CK admitted to being a piece of shit for it .
my stamina bar is almost always exhausted
jesus christ man please do not do this . if you do you will seriously hate yourself for the rest of your life. Xans can and WILL turn you into the devil . You may not see it at first , but life on bars is meaningless . 
showing extra gratitude to a polite customer = lying 


that’s awesome! I’ve been trying to seek ways to get into blowing glass . Where should I start?
damn you know the clothing industry is fucked when a replica shoe is sold out due to high demand.
it was 25 months
Fox news has got some batshit ideas of journalism. CNN still has credible sources as far as i’m concerned . like you said , orange douche only wants to make CNN look bad only because they did it first . 
“ I don't know a better word than sorry.”

she even used her underage child as a ruse to bait people into believing she had cancer.
fcking CRINGEEE 
One like = One clean napkin boi
JUUUICE
I felt so terrible having killed him as a Big Daddy though ): 

*I had no idea mark i’m sorry*
Something I should recommend if you do end up going with the Playstation 4 version I highly recommend playing the game with him . The game can have up to four players on screen , which adds a nice multiplayer/teamwork  aspect to it . My mom got my brother Minecraft for Ps4 and almost every night after dinner he asks me to play . Come up with really fun structures to build while playing in creative mode. start simple , like build a 4 x 4 x 4 house using whatever block type you want in the game . 
The feeling of being a big daddy was awesome honestly 
yes! i feel like i’ve enjoyed it more coming back to it. i will admit i was a bit young when i first played bioshock 2, but damn did i love that game . i don’t know if it was the excitement involved with my first preorder with my dad or just anticipation for waiting for the game to come out. I was keeping track of the ARG website Theressomethinginthesea.com. 

Coming back to it , I was able to pick up on plot details that I hadn’t seen yet . Like hearing audio diaries I never found and finally having a buying the better equipped  plasmids. 

I liked it then, i like it now!




what this guy said ; no scientific study claims that DMT is produced in the human body 
tore his logic to shreds 
Watch [H3H3 Productions] (https://youtu.be/uKt7BMUy-40) video on some of the channels 
f f f 
this may sound weird but have you had a history of substance abuse in the past?
https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/22/614 (e) 
well whadyaknow
aaaaand the ants got out and are on my face 
out of all the things you could get in trouble for... 
“i was really tryna pay for these ... honest!”
“why do you have all of the items in your sweatpants?”
“easy carry” 
but it is illegal to post unsolicited political propaganda to possibly influence the voting masses of my country. that’s what they are alluding to, not this blanket statement of “you aren’t allowed to post things on the internet if you’re from Russia.”. like o rly 
no way that’s not a troll
*internally shouts that art is subjective*
i have no trouble getting through TSA with my disposable wax pen cartridges , so i ain’t mad. 
i audibly went “Fuuuuck.”
That had to be the worst clean up. 
aaaaaand that’s a felony in my state 
impersonating medical personal 
i read that in his voice too
that’s a pretty solemn thing for a child to say..
you deserve to break your phone like that when you aren’t careful. At this point everyone knows how iPhone boxes open up, how dumb is this guy?
unfortunately , your grandfathers heart attack was beyond anyone’s control , nor should you blame yourself for not going to church when you didn’t want to. As an atheist , i resent the times that I didn’t remove myself from situations that would make me otherwise uncomfortable. I mean I loved going to church with my family as a kid too, i went so i wouldn’t disappoint them. Break away from that though process . If your family had true morals, they would love you unconditionally. I found that out when I told my family I broke away from the Christan faith. Turns out my family was only going to church to preserve my sister and I’s innocence as a kid .  Be true to yourself . 
Buying Designer clothing . like i don’t see the big deal
“behind” 
subtle pun 
it seems that in every instance where there was a job that needed to be done here , someone just went “nah fuck it who cares.”.  I hope the people who work in departments for background checks understand that their work has the potential to expand and effect our lives.  Just do your job and do it the right way.
omg sweet! the mailing list would be awesome , should i pm you my email or do you have a website ?
let me know if you start making them! i would definitely like to get one and rep it in SD  
i need one of these and i need it now
seriously. Should i still go on and buy the next iphone having learned this? it just feels wrong 
i swear i’m literally everyone in this sub
okay now that’s funny 
i’m not your fam pal
if that were the case i don’t think i’d be browsing this sub wasting my time on a scrub like you 😂
that’s quite the rebuttal. I’m sure that the remaining brain cells you had were quite exhausted from coming up with that nice comment, would you like a break?
not being downvoted because music is subjective , being downvoted because Lil pumps fan base is made up of people like you who don’t know what the fuck they are even talking about .
what are you even saying? Lil pumps music is garbage , bottom line . i’m sorry you can’t come to terms with that. 
no. i’m someone who cringes everytime i hear “GUCCI GANG GUCCI GANG GUCCI GANG” because it’s cringey as hell lolol.
i watch rick and morty like i watch Porn. 

I’ll do it in the safety of my home , if anyone mentions it anywhere besides home , just say you’re not into it , and if you see any references to it just laugh nervously and nod 
but this state has made a conscious effort to misinform its citizens on the effects of different drugs.  I was taught about drugs using ADrugFreeWorld Pamphlets and terrible videos about “Magic Mushrooms” and how they will make you go crazy when you take them.  Of course , when i found out the church of scientology was behind the organization  A DrugFreeWorld, i was shocked after learning about this.  I can’t imagine what kids like me are thinking now that they were tricked into believing that drugs like shrooms and weed and “dangerous “.
*shudders*
EDIT : not a camera 
someone should kick that kids ass . Imagine if that child’s parents saw that.. how traumatizing
oh my god i’m so sorry ): that’s truly awful i hope you figure it out in the end ):
INB4 This shit gets locked , do gears threads ever get locked? 
“for what it’s worth”
lmao 
Okay , do you want to hear the secret though? Nothing genuinely useful in life can  be learned in one day. If it was easy like that than everyone would be doing it . I’m sure that there are skills out there that could be learned in one day like tying a knot or how to make cereal , but they are not useful or as fulfilling to me. Practice a Critical Thinking , improve your writing, and Read.
why fuck you? the game has been out for a long time at this point people have been playing it for awhile.
“it’s september 11th- oh wait.. september 29th.” 
 
lmao
he hasn’t so far!(:
what?
this sub is for actively seeking the value and worth of a meme. essentially how popular the meme is at the time of the post . and in most cases with this sub it’s just 4 year old memes that have been manipulated or changed in just a way to make it relevant. most people eat that shit up here . there are plenty of subs that have what you are looking for , but you aren’t going to find it from your “normie “friend. 
what normie would even suggest this sub
EDIT: your friend 
oh my god please can you provide information to these classes?
i do see gloves getting in the way of performing a job if precision is key in the trade  that’s being practiced ...so i definitely respect that! 
i understand the ability to “feel for” the equipment you’re using , but when it’s clearly a hazard to your health, it’s really unnerving when someone gives you shit for following our intuition.
the fuck
because requiring to wear protection in very hazardous working conditions is pussy shit! 
this is actually really funny 
throughout reading that i became less convinced that the fish in the picture was real until i realized that was the joke
/r/titlegore
not really sure i get what the b: and m: stand for in this context..
after reading this, i’m inclined to believe you.
you’re off your fuckin rocker mate well done
it’s saturday my guys
i wish this was a sub
what the fuck kind of audience are they advertising to
there is more than one motive for making cannabis illegal. you can’t just say “that’s not true” to a very potential driver in the war against weed. 
Dude, don’t worry i thought the same thing. after a sec though i realized OP meant like a walk-in place
gotta dig in there with a headlamp at times 
i always act surprised , like oh shit *bullshit excuse here*. it works the majority of the time
fuck you’re retarded. you better hope that the county you’re in doesn’t see this and opens a case
 i eat the 10 dose korova bars like nothing.
it’s true , a lot of them lack proper conversation skills 
MOD YOU CANT POSSIBLY LEAVE THIS UP CAN YOU
see your doctor . 
wtf this is my instagram profile picture this tripped me the fuck out 
i didn’t enjoy this book in high school,people need to read 1984 
dude. i’ve been there. fuck. 

it wasn’t your fault just remember that.
jesus fuck
.2 dab isn’t too bad , if he has a banger that might be a nice low temp starter
if you’re into that sort of thing i suppose
Forgot the pair of DC’s.
that’s terrifyingly accurate
shove it up yer arse 
it does. it’s called whole milk after the date 
jesus these comments...
wow that’s fucked , i can think of several people that were at my middle school that looked EXACTLY like that
yeesh
Jesus Ian you relentless fiend 
sounds like stage 5 cancer
just let this troll piss himself to sleep. he thrives off of the pain of others. he’s the actual leech here,  a poor, alone, and mentally ill sap harassing a man on the internet. what are you doing? who hurt you ?  
you must be brain dead in order to lack the proper respect for a man who just got done serving for 21 years.
God it’s glad to see fellow skaters serving... Thank you so much for your service !
^^
•cures cancer
can’t imagine the accuracy is amazing 
i live in San Marcos and i use AT@T. they are no better , believe me. There’s no reliable company out there that also has reliable customer service.
BUT SUMMER WENT INTO THAT CHANGING ROOM
every time a mass shooting happens i imagine a psychotic man watching the news and when it says “worst shooting in US history.”.  he takes it up as a challenge
then it sounds like it’ll work out for me! haha i’ll have to get me some gel tabs soon . 
it’s just a 60 year old man /s
i haven’t done acid since i started smoking daily . do you think it’ll fuck with my trip in any way?
lmao 
if i live in CA will it contribute?
they did reference south park during the minecraft scene didn’t they?
at least now that they set up season 4 for success we don’t have to worry about any more god damn fucking fan theories.
we have this thing in the english language called idioms and “selling your soul” happens to be one . quit digging for hidden layers, these celebrities probably had to give head a few times to get where they are now, not sign an agreement with “the Devil”
wtf
yeah he’s right it’s gonna melt your brain
i think the writers wanted the show to be easier to write so they put jerry and beth back together and solved the beth clone theory.
i liked the majority of season 3. that being said, this episode was underwhelming 
first time i audibly said “what the fuck” out loud in a while 
*brush doesn’t have mirror on the back side *
lol what
wow this is trippy as fuck on acid
the guy was growing over a thousand plants in an illegal state... 
to be fair it sounds like he was a major distributor in that area 
both links down.
hahahahaha content cop incoming on sub mods
do we name earthquakes
shitty quality
Idubbbz needs to address this shit lol his kids are losing their marbles
they went to another reality too omg
why 😂😂🤦🏼‍♂️
it's called vista five grams. they specialize in selling labeled "five gram eighths.". instead of getting 3.5 you are getting 5 grams, and you pay a little more for the quality. 
my dispo does five gram eighths of fire for only about $40 

EDIT: the dispo i go to is called Vista Five Grams. straight up they sell "five gram eighths , i ain't trippin. i know what an eighth is lmao 
so fucking glad that man laid into that kid. don't act like a fucking punk unless you're trying to get fucked like a punk too.
here we goooo 
nice title fam!!!!!
 callin a bunny thick y'all need some help
i watched a man get pepper sprayed for a charity involving a mans belly button lint, and i'd say that it's warmed me up to these so called "podcasts" 

i mean me too thanks
why ? that's funny as shit lol
g spot noted
jesus what a nightmare scenario 
this is really mean i hope she gets purged 
exactly , and not everything in our lives is worth remembering ! i always try to remind myself of that
Everyone i've shown it to has hated me for making them question the accuracy of their memories 
$50 for a card in SoCal
that kid is running into some rare spawns good lord a seal
i found one 
i got so desperate to tug my noodle to some porn i busted my DSi out and hit the internet browser and was so disappointed by how slow the browser was. finally got to the page i wanted BUT NO FLASH . a new level of frustration was discovered that day.
that is so interesting... thank you for sharing this! 

EDIT: a word 
thanks for your input stranger , i'll be sure to remember that 
YOU CAN'T TELL ME WHAT TO DO 

this honestly may be why i have such a hard time forgiving myself for failing, because of the effort i exhaust that ultimately led to failure. i need to start changing how i think 
i think i'm gonna go ahead and take your approach from now on , i think i'm much better off
I would only assume that The_Donald is one of many subs that do this. Are there any that you can think of that are guilty of this?

quit sippin' liquid heroin 
it looks like he's scratching his back
wtf is this question? 
this has to be the stupidest question on here lmao
nah i think he's wrong . a think a fat man with a very big head is gonna start world war III.
ah yes, world news
$10 for 3 hours of work...... yeah no that's ridiculous. old man is numb for doing something like that
bunch of god damn apes. finding entertainment in another animals pain
absolutely not. i've been using a dream journal for about 2 years and have had great lucid experiences
i like woman 100% no doubt so yes 
 that scene when Garfield flushes the toilet while john is in the shower, he is yelling because of the increase in temperature in the water. Hot water can get significantly more hot if you flush the toilet while the showers running.
LOL my mom once told me she could feel the wifi "waves". i sighed in worry of the fact that i'm her son lmao
just the article i wanted to see at 2 in the morning 
cmonnnn we can't go on pissing off the wrong people here.
what?
you look like Ice Poseidon, that's not a compliment 
and not enough dope!
when i got caught selling bud at school they sent me to a 4-day drug rehab program through the school. For the 4 days i spent in that class, the instructor gave us pamphlets to fill out , showed us educational videos on each drug , all from DrugFreeWorld. I remember her making everyone tell stories of bad drug experiences and drove the idea that "if any bad comes from it, it shouldn't be touched.". It makes me sick now to know how fucked that really is.
this is actually really good
it appears to be one of a kind
THAT ARTICLE IS OUT OF DATE. what are you not getting.
switch swishers with dutch and you're good
THE DONALD AHAHAHA
yeah that'll show em 
https://imgur.com/a/DaWMB 
if you'll simply read the time stamp, 

you'll see that you are a moron and you are sick for promoting this false narrative.
that's actually a peaceful mourning for a dead person so you're either mental or fucking stupid for believing what you read on this scum sub
it was not a protest and it was not in England. 
this is absolutely ridiculous! how do they let shit like this rise to the top... 
you are all so fucking ignorant jesus christ lol
are these people insane.? i can't really say surprised to find that out .. but wow.
what the fuck for real..
apart of me doesn't doubt at all that he said that
LOLOL
Lol the policy fits the decor
Wtf 
law enforcement still has too much money to give a damn
you can visibly see something that looks like chemicals leaching into the water ... what is that?
you can't invented something that's past tense
aaaand withdrawal downvote
Y E S
omfg i need to quit lying to myself this is the fuckin problem 
looks a tad premature to be honest
the thumbnail is honestly just fitting, just sessions and his fucking coy grin . yeah smile it up you prick
wtf lol
Elsa Jean is one of my favorite pornstars, perhaps i'm just jelly
every time man i think i got one tailing me it ends up being some soccer mom
/r/thathappened
Fuck dude when is it gonna be enough..
that sub is cancer lol
that font is cringy enough to sell
el oh el
LMAO
what a mess he's coming home to.
this whole meme is irrelevant since it isn't true lmao 
jesus... Youtube better be sliding my boy some dough for this hustle
is this a thing?
booking my flight now!
I was always fascinated by this. I distinctly remember the smell of my friends house from when I was a young child. Not like it was an unpleasant smell, but like the environment 
exactly what 3AM car tire thief would say. 
geez im fucking crying that was great
that was me for a minute after my two week t-break. i rolled a dutch by myself of some fire, and barely made it back alive
duuude if that was real lol
you better study motherfucker, i have a lot invested in you
Quit your bitching dude honestly. People like you are going to keep creators like Harmon and Roiland from doing anything like streaming an episode live again. I had zero trouble looking for a website that contained the episode, maybe you just have to look harder.  they are not obligated to do anything for you, just be glad that you can still find ways to watch the episodes
Any labels??? it's very hard to pinpoint an exact brand or strain without anything to reference. 
I just got AT@T internet recently and tried my login details and it wont load any videos
ripppp 
I second this one, Gen X Cartridges are by far one of the best.
even worse 
GOOD JOB! 
i like it
those are shmackin why are you digging into em !
damn straight up got fucked by the ops twitter game
by hand no filter and i roll cone style
i’m not sure , but where i looked i couldn’t find any .
the pamphlet states that they make their products pesticide free, yet i got comments saying otherwise on my last post. not sure what to believe
igot it to come up for about an hour , then it disappears 
is that a snapchat filter? 
https://m.soundcloud.com/camshambo 

what i usually will do before going into FL is get really blazed then go through my SoundCloud likes and catch bits and pieces of inspiration and spontaneous ideas as i change the songs.. like music when you’re high is amazing, but having the ability to create pretty much anything you put your mind to is just so cool to me [8]

i’m excited to see what you do with it !!
PM me your soundcloud man ! that’s so cool , and weed definitely helps you in the process of making something in FL, hope you have as much fun with it as i ![8]
holy shit that sounds intense! 
I LIKE WHAT YOU GOT, GOOD JOB!
pretty good now, the body high was very nice ... i’d say the sativa is the way to go!
then we’re gonna add some protein [9] 
you’ll be surprised at how easy it is to pick up! the huge user interface is really intimidating at first, but you have a great musical background and i think that if you gave it a shot that you’d make something great ! 
i’m going with what he said , and i think we all worry about that aspect of it when we first start producing . but once you start messing around and learning how to use the software through experience, you realize that it’s the best way to make music ! (at least in my own opinion ) 
bro im currently living in alpine at the moment how crazy is that we’re somewhat nearby , and yes the bar with the triangle cutouts right? yeah those are great , the taste was amazing too!
update: so hungry i went to my local mexican food place and got a carne asada burrito. it tastes magical [9]
hell yeah !
damn man thanks it means a lot 😭
https://soundcloud.com/camshambo
Ive only been making beats for about a year now so my skill isnt the best but i really do enjoy making them
i’d like to say i enjoy the creative freedom that’s available with making music and specifically working on FL, i don’t know just something about making a song has always drawn my attention. i mostly just make small things here and there, but hope to get more serious as i learn more. 
i get them for $10 at my dispo
do you guys have any articles saying this? i remember last year they had changed the labeling and i remember they weren’t available for a while... nonetheless i’ll be weary next time . 
I saw those! definitely grabbing one next time I pick up the high is amazing [8]
looks fucking dope , tweet it at him when he’s done !
dude cali medis for the win! downing number two rn, thinking about taking your advice on just eating the rest.. 
feeelin real good , just making some beats on FL studio ,thinking about eating a second ! 
planning to eat the rest of them, just gonna wait and see how this 25 mg hits me ... these kushy punches are no joke let me tell you haha! 
SAVE THE CHILDRENN!
so glad someone said it lmao 
bro is that family guy you got playing that’s dope 
i can’t even buy wraps in my state )): (from CA)
18 here. very underwhelming, and fewer perks than i anticipated 

(EDIT): fewer 
good thing there weren’t any bears around! 

all jokes aside good pic OP
so thaaaats what was in the briefcase in Pulp Fiction... 

jk that’s still super cool
i noticed Austin and Ethan arguing a lot in this video... 
this is actually kind of great i wish my friends were that generous
i love playing grand theft auto
pics or it didn’t happen 
it’s almost as if i haven’t even left twitter!
stoopid bot 
dude i’m on day 5 right now man i’m really feeling your pain . ham. in there friend, we can get trough this together. feel free to pm me if you would like to talk to someone, i for one feel like i’m losing my marbles
i second this
yeah you’re right man i’m sorry i had a really shitty day i retract my shitty comment 
this collective sub 

THE ENTIRE COMMENT section are you too dense to notice?

i mean oh shit fam lmao y’all right country is totally wack bruh
nope, seizing people out of sheer will to amaze people. 


you guys are fucking classic

claiming country the genre as a whole is disgusting and then talking about how "THE CLASSICS" are the best.


Ya'lls rep for double standards seizes to amaze.
what about ETHAN BRADBERRY 
can confirm; living in California, current state of panic.  
what the fuck.
so sad i was expecting an abundance of john Goodman memes
LOL

all jokes aside, it is a great example as to why Wikipedia is a great source 
complaining about health regulations LOL 

that’s so fucking burnt bro ):
oh shut the fuck up 
ah i see thanks
what a madhouse that would be
is this Overwatch?
jesus this one hits home for me
jesus fuck
haha classic meme my friend i tip my hat to you 
you guys aren't even trying with these anymore
lmao
What does this mean for US?


damn he came back swinging at both of them!
why do people spit. if someone spit in my face jesus i don't know what my first reaction would be
fucking degenerates blocking traffic 
/r/keyboardgore
RT
With the mild buzz around the new movie slowly approaching, along with my urge to explore the wonderful ARG universe that is Cloverfield increasing , I have decided to do my own digging around.  here is what I have turned up.

Understanding that the information on this movie was extremely limited, I took everything that I found with a grain of salt when trying to apply it to the universe, as should you. 

My first stop as the Howard radio recording that was discovered by /u/MugensKeeper  [(link to that here)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7HOVHoxZE0I)  sometime around February. I analyzed the transcript, and found a few things that suggest some pretty interesting things. 

First, when analyzing the text, several things stood out :

The transcript includes the members of the crew on the ISS trying to locate an object in space emitting "... a localized burst of magnetic energy.". The crew goes on to say this is unlike anything they have seen. They proceed by checking their instruments of measurement for any anomalies. At one point, the flight director even questions space command if they were "...testing anything..." without the crews knowledge. Toward the end of the audio, A bright red flash disturbs the crew, followed by it disappearing. After checking up on the crew, they go on to" execute procedure 2380A and scrub this from the mission logs.". 

Now, this got my beak wet. However, this was back in February. I was thinking "we need to go deeper" So I combed the internet of key words from past ARGs,and analyzed every word of the transcript, and here's what I found. 


So last month, [Swamp Pop](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=1&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=0ahUKEwiE_ZyZ7ffTAhVI42MKHaTWCGQQFggnMAA&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdrinkswamppop.com%2F&usg=AFQjCNEYDeCCgbnJFbaSBWyT-LkQsRJCog&sig2=-xIafskUc_HUOTnGg0vmCQ) , a company known for having an [appearance in the movie 10 Cloverfield Lane](http://imgur.com/4RCg7wu) posted to their [Instagram page.](https://www.instagram.com/p/BSyw9GtlAFS/?taken-by=swamppop)  Read the caption. 

"Now available on a futuristic sci-fi starship near you!"



For me, it wasn't entirely out of the question that they were somehow going to play a part in the next movie. 

I continued to delve further into their official website and while looking, [page](http://drinkswamppop.com/interested-in-long-term-storage/)

This was my first time coming across this, but I soon found out it was just a nod to the fact that Howard had a legitimate way of preserving the Swamp Pop in his bunker... and sold this for a short time for about 4 grand.

After some time of going through the website, I came across their [contact me page.](http://drinkswamppop.com/contact/) 

Being that I exhausted many of the ideas I had, I had decided to e-mail to Swamp Pops asking whether or not "Swamp Pop" was fit for space travel. I avoided to sound like another ARG ham and stuck to a rather straight forward question about the soda.  I didn't expect a reply, nor did I expect a such a quick one. 

The Email: http://imgur.com/17dHVV3

Hi Cameron,

Thanks so much for getting in touch! It's great to hear you enjoy our drinks—we really appreciate it.

Your question is an interesting one. Hypothetically speaking, soft drinks could serve as a comforting and familiar treat for a crew traveling far from home. However, it would only be a good idea in a simulated-gravity environment. Because our drinks are carbonated, the air bubbles and liquid would fail to separate in a zero-gravity environment; this would mean the crew would ingest a fair amount of air, triggering a need to burp. Since burping in zero gravity is somewhat difficult and uncomfortable (the air doesn't naturally rise out of your system), you can see why simulated gravity would be a more conducive environment.

Cheers!

The Swamp Pop Team

Now, I am very torn on this. I started thinking about the allusion to a "simulated-gravity environment.". Then again, the simple fact that i referenced the question as merely hypothetical is enough to throw this e-mail in the can. I am aware of the efforts made by people to try and contact the owner of SwampPop, but I thought my reply was interesting nonetheless.









 
Here
The episode of Family Guy where Jesus makes Louis' breasts huge at the dinner table had my jaw drop
"Damn these shoes are fire how are are they" 
*sees price*
"Well.. I mean I can't get them now ... but I guess I'll just bookmark that shit for now "
Thank you for this! 


I thought your comment was sarcastic I apologize !! When did the leak come out I haven't heard about this ? I read the synopsis that's listed on the Wikipedia page and that's on the IMDB website. 

"A team of astronauts aboard a space station find themselves alone after a scientific experiment causes Earth to disappear. When a space shuttle appears, the space station crew must fight for survival following their horrible discovery." 

It sounded like you were discounting the teaser  I'm sorry if I came off rude my man 
Is this post about you OP?
If you're going to discount the teaser as an "alien war" and the soda as "merely a cosmetic Easter egg" go ahead , I only thought of my findings as interesting. 
Also 

"Finally , a question I can answer!"
I didn't know they had a salad seasoned with cum and piss 
Lmao 
Have you personally had an encounter that was so traumatic that you have to get pissed off at someone who's simply sharing data? 

Please 
That's what it comes down to I'm afraid 
It's going to be an uphill battle , but one we need to fight nonetheless. 
I was scared too, but the illusion is very easy to see through.
K
How do you bring back the factories?

Is that even a possible move at this point?
His was my thought back when the achievement was put in Gears 2. Like fuck that.
Keep it there 
Let's just be happy the rest of the country put together cares more about the climate than our president does. 
Start mass production immediately 
This is much more accurate 
Fortunately for people in her line of work, there is no shortage of pieces of shit in this world.
What he is talking about is the soggy state the sandwich is left in when condiments you put on soak into the surrounding ingredients and more notably the bread. Keep in mind that people who have to make long commutes to work every single day have very little time don't exactly aim to be Gordon fucking Ramsay. Sure, the guy could put a little more effort into preserving his fine meal, but if a man has no time, a man has no time. 
You forgot to add [this.](https://www.google.com/search?q=furry+tail&rlz=1C1CHMO_enUS539US623&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwi7zpDamp3UAhXLq1QKHUtmAFoQ_AUICygC&biw=1366&bih=676)
Damn I should have actually read the Bible back when my parents tried to make me... I could have looked for exploits like this to get out of that Christian Day school nonsense. 
Why pollute this sub with misinformation?
His sub has become too much 
I beg to differ 
What are you even saying? That the man didn't kidnap the child?
It's seen as okay in the eyes of the law when the someone accused kidnapped your child 
AND ?

NIGGA ?
So basic.
THis Is sO FuCkiNg InsEnSiTive fUcK yOu 
/s
You're being an asshole. That goes completely without saying, and the woman was exploiting the fact that she has a "disability" to justify her actions. Still doesn't make it okay .
Very interesting. Where does it go? 
Just saying, quick Google search could have given you that answer. Like everyone else who gives a shit, I check every couple weeks.

Nope. Nothing, no news .
No , I know what you're talking about. I remember seeing rooms where big daddy suits would hang just like that in a line of 3 or 4. When I get home I'll get a picture for reference but I see it
Where'd you get the slightest indication that there is gonna be a four?
Curvy boi is thicc that's what son
What's the good option?
Good luck getting people to use it willingly. 
Fucking ridiculous .. Young child wearing a button up? Must be such a straight edge 😒😒
I want to hear from Bill Nye and how he reacts to the backlash.
On the same boat with ya mate. Hits home
Date was fake; guess we're stuck waiting for more fake news.
This highschool girl killed herself and she records 13 "reasons" why she killed herself. 
Edit: a word
/r/youwish
If you ever show up to that house that would make a great plot for a movie
Who hasent heard of a good ol nutty buddy
They even want this dying trend to end
I feel as if our outlook on smoking is the same in the sense that when you make it a habitual thing, smoking almost loses meaning. (and yes I think I've become addicted, just due to emotional events that occurred in the past year that probably resulted in my abuse with the drug) 

That's my problem. The anxiety is overwhelming , it makes it almost impossible to get tasks done without the profuse sweating, and the shakes . How did you overcome the anxiety issue ? 

Thank you for your response!
Thank you for your amazing response! Exercise and a good diet from here on out is on the list , thanks for helping a brother out!
Hey man I'm not gonna say that I'm experiencing the same feeling, but I'd say pretty damn near close . Hit my PM if you need someone to talk to who's going through the same kinda shit 
May the forth be with you 
Jesus Christ , call the diet department... these ladies just broke all the rules!!!!! 
///s
Can you provide a little bit of context? What picture ?
I live in Oceanside and smoke it's not a rare sight 
"DO YOU KNOW.. THAT YOU ARE NOT AC-TUALLY A LAW EN... FORCEMENT OFFICER"
Fuck I always show up last to the party 
I'm on board , fuck I don't know what to think about all of this honestly 
That book left a mark on me that no other book has done
Why did you include it then? 
He saved the screenshot from the day he took it . Clever girl.
The stamina bar really ties it together 
Re accommodate!
This is honestly the best depiction I can see looking even close to an acid trip. 
It's taken down?
Used as a bloody meat shield... freaking animals I say.
I can't wait to see the first episode and the first wave of fan mail he receives.
I want this so bad to be real but I know what's coming 😭😭
Why ? Why post this ? All you are doing with this is just stirring the fucking pot and this political comedy nonsense is just furthering us away from the real problem at hand: Your fucking formatting
EDIT: wubalubadubdub! Popped my gold cherry, Thanks kind stranger!
EDIT 2:gold not old
Hahahahahah
I thought this was r/airsoft for a moment hahahah
Hahahahah 
That patch of purple flowers is absolutely enticing! Great shot
unpopular opinion here but I'm inclined to agree . Rapture and its macabre atmosphere in addition to the unique game mechanics of its time. I'm not saying like Infinite was awful, but I feel like the step away from that horror aspect and such an insane shift in story from the original games it just kind of made me dislike that installment of the series 
It must be some sort of picture of the dog to give people an idea of what it looks like?
And I can't find the two that came with my order last week hahahaha
Ayyy el em ay oh 
I occasionally tune in to select few ASMR channels every once and awhile... I dont know how I'd be able to explain that to anyone
I'm not quite sure what I expected
Ok wow
Yay thanks OP 
ITT:a bunch of old geezers giving OP a hard time for being in high school 
I fuck with those 
Nah bro don't fall for it, he got that bud straight out of his trash can... 
Get off tinder you freaking geezer 
/s
Most underrated comment
You fucked up
It's called opposing political views.
Bernie normies are sweating right now
As a fan of both r/globaloffensive and r/airsoft , I really love the design you went with! 
Awesome it sounds like I'm buying one then! thank you for your response! 
It appears that r/the_donald is leaking cancer this morning 
 I was bamboozled 

Gotta give the fellas in Australia some credit though ,for maintaining a connection with their audience 
It's such a simple gesture, but it must be pretty uplifting to receive a tip from a customer, especially one you feel a connection with. I've never worked in a place where I would be offered tips, but man it seems like a lot of hassle to live off of. 
Ooowee looks like you've learned your lesson on mixing politics and this sub huhhhh riiiick?
Is it dead stock with tags though?
How would you rate the material it is made of? Was thinking of purchasing a similar one 
Oh my fuck if Carl came in for even a cameo I would be overjoyed
r/nevertellmetheodds
This. Take your time off to decompress. There's no need to make everything about "working". 
Hardly enough time to do that I'm afraid 
Me too thanks
Fuck I was asleep too long I missed another trending meme 
I think you might be looking for r/mildlyinfuriating 
I love this sub
Who are the two peas with legs? Asking for a friend 
Blazing saddles meme
Same thing happens with me too. The skin of the apple is too tough to chew and I end up not eating it :/
Good on you for putting this out there , hopefully a claim is filed and everything works out 
gotta love the brazzers patch hahaha
"garrrrrryy..."
Gosh this made me cry more than anything that's absolutely horrible ): best wishes to her and her son. 
Lmao 
LMFAOOO wtf 
Thank you!
If someone broke into my house, my first instinct isn't to record it 
dude this fucking tore me apart. im so sorry bro. I dont know how much of this you can relate to, but I had began to abuse cannabis around the one year mark of my ex girlfriend natali. I used it at first having fun with friends, but it became so much more. This began in sophomore year of highschool year. Her and I have been separated for about a year now. My using steered her away, and at the time my clouded judgement let her walk out of my life.and im glad for that. I was fucking poisoning our relationship because I couldn't be a man and tell her how I felt. Let alone be there for her. You don't realize how much one small, insignificant decision can change your life.

My eyes are on the sade x tee, tryna test my luck this year
BUY THEM WHILE THEYRE HOT BOYS 
Hmmm... I speculate this meme dropping value once march comes around. If season 3 is released, these memes will drop in value drastically. Sell wisely for now 
The RIGHT questions , nonetheless 
Hey I need [LC] on this meme right here... 
Is that Hila from H3?
You're adding to the bullshit bro 
r/trees is leaking again
oh god I could actually see it being in there hahahah
Shoutout to skater ents all around 👏🏻
Wtf that board is dope! 
I fuck with it where can I order ?
Geez the mods really did a number in this thread.. I'm really curious to see more studies done on the cognitive effects of cannabis, it'll be interesting to see the new information that will be found
 salty nighttime lurkers can't take a classic maymay huh?
i'm not sure... I had "The Price is Right" theme in my head and just kinda went with it
I think I just had a stroke reading all these
I favor the woman to the left myself
Posts like these are the reason subs like /r/conspiracy have a bad name. It took me no longer than five minutes to even **BRIEFLY** scroll through the article and read to find out that your title was nothing but misleading click bait garbage. 

Fuck, I'm glad someone caught this before they obtained any more user information. 
PM'ed just in case OP doesn't take interest 
What size?
PM me I'm interested. 
Usually after the seasons over they will throw left over items on sale 
EDIT: words
Rule number one for taking bars at school: don't. 
Jesus this thread sure went down the drain
Bro wyd on a scale with a towel or some shit on your dome
Hahahahah 
Private sounds like a blessing tbh 
Looks like the opening to a movie!
Nah I hear Apple is working on automated cars, haven't heard about Microsoft though 
Nike vs Adidas
Wasn't this an x-post from /r/shoplifting hahahah
But they claim they're white in the show 
Hahahah bro are you serious 
That's creepy wtf
2.99!
What the fuck lmao
$uicide boy$ x Pink guy ? 
/s
Bro there's a pizza place by my house with the same logo
I need to get better friends wth
Medium pm me if you got it
Anyone going for the headband?
I feel like I'm being pitched a vacation idea and I like it 
I'm just gonna grab a tee and maybe the mask 
Bruh this thread has me fuckin weak 
All our training has led to this moment.. this is game day boys let's make it happen
Same bro best of luck to you
This sub is so fuckin radical man 

I mean me too thanks lol
Lmao
How much would this shirt run for now?
/r/thathappened
R/ trees
 that was trippy as shit
no. not in the slightest. your next four years, is gonna give you a lot of time to think about your career aspirations. just stay in school.
and I thought I was about to get some sleep tonight!
rip
damnnnnnn
That's some George Orwell 1984 type shit.
ASMR is my favorite. I've triggered while I was baked a few times and it's the most amazing thing
Where did you go to make this?? I love how well done it is!
The smaller the more convenient!
Weedies! Theyreeeeeeee greaaaat maaaaaan [8]
I'm drooling right now. It looks amazing!
Everyone's getting salty about your fingernails OP,  but I'm digging the pen man!
good lord that's some fire bud right there well done 
Yeah I have a buddy like that. Most of the time he's all "bro don't worry I'll smoke you out next time I pick up" but forgets cuz he's really baked by then haha.
That's what is so great about the universe, is the mystery of it all!
Archer is the best! My atheist belief falls in the spectrum of me being a bit of a science nerd. I started watching a popular Youtuber [Vsauce](https://m.youtube.com/user/Vsauce) when I was younger(back when I was still in agreement with my parents Christian belief) , and it got the wheels in my head turning. I started watching other sciencey YouTube channels as well, and it finally had occurred to me that there probably was no God. I then fell into a depression for a couple months following, because the 12 year old me just realized the truth of the world. But after I was able to accept it, I embraced by beliefs. I started getting more interested in Theoretical Physics and Astronomy. And here's where I am now! 
My thoughts exactly. I think my parents only go because they want access to "the gates of heaven" which I think is bullshit. My defense to any Christan about if I am going to "Hell" or not is the [The Atheists Wager.](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atheist%27s_Wager) 
I'm going to try make amends until I'm at least on my feet. I figure that I might as well have a lasting relationship with them as long as I'm under their roof right?
Thank you I appreciate it! 
My thoughts exactly!
That sounded like a good move on your part. I was never really close to my family, so I didn't really have an issue coming clean. I'd rather them know that I don't go because I don't believe instead of me not going because I'm lazy.
Yeah I was paraphrasing. I had a feeling if I straight out called it bullshit they would have probably kicked me out lol. I'm turning 18 in August so I don't have much longer until I am moving out .
Thanks man I had no idea 
Can confirm: I work part time at a McDonald's in the US. It's like a 3 minutes survey asking you how shitty the location your at is, and at the end it gives you a verification code. if you save your receipts, you can just do the survey once and write the code on all of your saved receipts .
Best Owen Wilson impression ever 
I'm sorry your going through that . I'm a junior in high school, and I can tell you last year was the same for me. Awful. Helpless. Stressful. Over that summer though it's almost as if I flipped a "give a fuck" switch in my brain. Junior year comes around and I'm as happy as can be. My advice is to surround yourself around people you care about, that always helped me
I would say to talk to an attorney, and see what advice they offer. Considering that they didn't read you your rights , or any formal representation of the warrant for that matter. ive been in your shoes before (dabbed in my room; mom smelled it and called the cops) so my best advice is to keep positive. 
Nice!
It looked like a snack pack cup from the thumbnail [8]
Hahahaha I wish that was true
hell yeahhhhh packin a bowl then carvin the bowl
You just gotta go to the skatepark to skate bro, forget about everyone else there! Everyone is a little self conscious at first you just gotta get in the groove of skating
What
I like the ideas! I wish that they were working on a 4th ):
A little curious
Im Interested in the size 10
Yeah definitely a difference. I dont have that throat and lung burn i get from smoking a J, and its very cerebral 
its alll good man, im feeling not alive alright, but in a good way
Yeah im reallllly feeling it now. I decided order some pizza and waiting on him to arrive. [8]
Yeah I work at McDonald's and they tell us to charge people but we never do
Holy fuck that's insane. Reminds me of that stealth mission from Call of Duty 4, gotta stay lowwwww [7]
Thanks man, I'm still feeling good :)
Im trying to break up with my current girlfriend of 11 months, this helps. Being in a relationship with someone negative, and someone that always brings you down, it's just not how I want to live.
Thanks so much I appreciate your help! I feel much more confident reading this than just going in blind(I will be trained to use one, but like you said , it's better to know a little bit about it before you start)
Cap looks legit, not sure about the backpack
How much are they worth?
sorry, i never looked 
Not a real hover board as much as a "railed and very limited hydrogen powered skateboard that runs for about 10 minutes"
ran out.
Keep me posted on how it goes.
they would take out the part of the pencil that housed the pencil lead, and from there depending on the type of pencil you had, you would make the whole big enough to fit the BB just right.
Mechanical pencils. Not kidding. Some kid in my class had figured out that you could break open the pencil and use it as a dart gun and use plastic air-soft pellets as ammo. This became the new craze. People would host trading stations at recess where people could exchange their "weapons" for better "upgrades". Kids would add unneeded attachments to them and eventually someone got hit in the eye with it and the teachers found the kids "stash of weapons" in his backpack. It was like a small scale weapon raid. Eventually, teachers decided that kids wernt allowed to bring mechanical pencils to school and instead were provided regular #2 pencils.
I wonder this too. I wonder if there is a group of people that thought: "Gee, I have had no prior thought of any God up until looking at this fake dollar bill!"
Walking home from work when I overhear kids next door playing, then I hear one of them say:"Remember, if you don't have a bellybutton, you CANT learn anything."
"WHY WOULD ANYONE ON EARTH WANT TO DO THAT??"
Is your mother a baker? Cuz you got some sweet buns!
This thread might not work properly without a serious tag OP.
Thinking about how controlling and "brainwashed" the religious community is. Everyone I know that is apart of a religion rejects the fact that I'm atheist. I believe that most if not all people pick a religion because they are scared of the unknown. And I think that's some of the fun of it as well. of course we don't know everything, of course we don't have an explanation for everything, that doesn't mean it's magic.
Loss doesn't change. But i noticed that my choke jumps to 16% from zero
After 2 games of deathmatch and Arms Race, I found that my ping hangs around 30 - 40 ms. When the lag occurs, it jumps to 100ms.
Whats his number? My HP laptop has been having problems..
[;
Oh look, hes gay, in drama class, and ginger, a triple negative!
yes 
oh god

OP is really REALLY regretting this post right now.
Is that a case it a sticker on your phone? Either way it's pretty cool!
This OP. If you have the ambition and imagination to create, you can do it. 
>Now, it may seem out there. And it is. But bear with me.
  
Oh God
This is really what I needed to hear, it will take time for me to adjust to this new way of looking at school, but eventually I will fix it it, hopefully at least half as good as you did. Glad to hear that you are very successful in life and that people like us can turn it around. (:
Thanks for your replay!
I look forward to my school year starting where I can try this reward system out and see how it works out! (I will admit Reddit was a big sink for me last year for procrastination!) 
Blacklist.
Serious tag OP. 
Great way to kick the corner of a wall
Well OP, up vote for honesty 
Absolutely gorgeous!
Subtle 
That movie "The Brave Little Toaster" Jesus Christ that air conditioner was terrifying.
Life with the Cold: where a man sits at home all day recovering from a cold, jerking it to pornographic film, and watching Netflix all day.
LETS SKYPEEEE

Yeah, honestly see a doctor.
On Lego Star Wars, I had completed the game 100% way through, and I was the happiest kid on the block. One day, my sister insisted on playing(Around the age of 5, so I was forced to let her play by my parents.), and before we go to play, I have to use the bathroom. I come back, and see my sister mashing buttons on the PS2 controller. I run up and take it from her, and look up at the screen and froze. My sister deleted my save file. I was in the worst kind of shock. Countless hours of work invested into that game as a kid really added up man.
Talking to people. I can't hold a good conversation without being awkward or weird.
The scene that freaked me out the most was in the movie "from dusk till dawn" where Seth's brother killed and raped their hostage.. Really chilling.
> Highlight text and click 'R'

I am one with the quote.
bad finger-baby blue

When I was about 7 I stole a piece of saltwater taffy from my local market. I was so scared of getting arrested I broke down in front of my mom and confessed. 
Pimples. Not even once.
I was always so pissed off when I got this error in Chrome to find that... 
I am willing to help as well. I am handy in Photoshop, and am an active user.
bruh

The problem is that their are that 1% that manage to fuck it up for the rest of us by driving under the influence and putting others in danger.
I would watch my posts for 10 minutes after posting it and every time I got downvoted I would get so irritated.
Masterbati- a I I mean the internet... yeah the internet!
I am currently eating room temperature bagel bites. please don't kill me.
Bullheaded people piss me off to all high hell. You are not always right and stop acting as if you were.
Having my feet left all sandy after a day at the beach. you can NEVER leave with your feet perfect.
I had really bad anxiety as a kid. Lots of things terrified me if I thought about them too much. I have been freaked out by rain, showers, water bottles, etc.
I thought quicksand was gonna be a real obstacle I would encounter when I was a kid.
If people think the government is hiding some big secret like aliens, high-tech weaponry, etc. wouldn't they think the government had a REASON to hide it from public view? If they were keeping something secret(which they probably are; I wouldn't say aliens, but who would know?) Why would you try and expose it? What if this "secret" was something that should be kept a secret to keep life people from going insane to the new unveiling of it.
I was looking into buying an FAL, would you recommend? 
I was walking up my stair case when I got home after work, and there were two kids (About 5 or 6 years old)sitting outside their front door playing with their toys and I think how cute. As I unlock my door I overhear one of the kids say:"Remember, if you DON'T have a bellybutton, you can't learn ANYTHING." 
Lee and Clementine from the Walking Dead. 
/r/luciddreaming has lots of "experts"(if you'll call them that) on lucid dreaming and how to trigger it. 
To my sister: You need to grow up and start being a parent to your children and start providing for your family.
This is what scares me the most. Disasters that can happen at any given moment with or without warning that can wipe out life on earth. Supernova would be the worst way to go.
Sleep paralysis is terrible. I had an episode as a child, absolutely terrifying.  
Oh god...
right there with you brother.
Frank Underwood
someone is hungry and needs suggestions.
Yeah I read the whole thread, and don't worry your username doesn't come up when you search "Child Pornography."
Cock Dragon...
I have really strange occurrences in my life where I get deja vu for as long as a minute. I had a dream about 3 months ago, where an orange ball was rolling down the street, and it seemed like the average random dream. But a couple of days later, I was walking my dog and I saw an orange ball rolling down my street. Then it started happening. deja vu is hard to explain, but it was basically like I knew what was going to happen seconds before it did. Some man was pulling out of his drive way, and I knew it was going to happen. This happens every couple of weeks and I think it is absolutely strange. 

"My life savings are buried under the.."
TIL girls can be heart wrenching assholes 
Yeah suicide jokes are fucked up. People who make jokes like that should kill themselves!  ^^^Don't^^hurt^me
Struggling with procrastination. Going on my second term of my first high school year and managed to get C's. I just don't know how to focus myself. 
Remember, you are playing the game for yourself, not for others. Play the game and have as much fun as possible and meet cool and interesting players along the way. 
that would be a shitty day.
eh, maybe not.
Like a plastic bag
Very great movie.
HECTORS RECTUM IS REAL! HECTORS RECTUM IS REAL!
Yeah I thought it was decent, but it definitely wasn't what I expected considering the hype over the movie. 
Starfire on TeenTitans... First love for an anime character
Katy Perry Firework in the Interview... The tank scene was great.
This guy is into some weird shit...
The Brave Little Toaster... The air conditioner freaked me the fuck out.
Fire escapes and emergency exits. I can't stop, wherever I am in a building I must know where an emergency exit is.
Yes, he should have spent his money on cookies!
http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view8/4875732/ohhhh-o.gif
REKT
Not necessarily.. Newer YTPs don't use this type of poopism, none that i've seen.
http://youtu.be/me2H7Ja93Wg pastor gas... cracked me up.
My great great(back to 1700s) grand father was Comte De Rochambeau. He was a french general who helped win the Revolutionary war along side Gorge Washington.
Aliens in my pants. i've got diseases.
I completely agree you you.
Yeah PvP events have dropped since updates have stopped. This is the calmest the game has ever been when it comes to PvP.
I didnt see any of them

"We all make choices, but in the end... Our choices make us."
-Andrew Ryan
Thank you so much!
thanks!
Any diagnosis? 
Was his headache ongoing for a couple of days?
My head was angled just a tad down I remember. I do believe my mothers side has a history of high blood pressure, I will have to ask.
"And next they will cut down a tree and put it in their house!"
Good luck and have fun!
He said he had left the beer..
Were the lights on in the store?
Wait, how does this work?
Wow, looks very great!
:( I understand.
Love it man! Subscribed as well!
Beautiful collection... Great taste!
[The Jailbird doesn't mind](http://imgur.com/ynuw7TD)

I thought the same thing. She was one of my nicer siblings, and after her stay I was stunned at how fast and abrupt she changed.
Now that I think about it, that makes sense.
She made her husband look like a terrible man, now i'm starting to think it wasn't him that was terrible..
Working on the last one right now!
I'd never giving her keys. She didn't have a car or any type of transportation, so I figured I could take her to where she wanted to go using my car. Being that I was driving a stick-shift and she had no prior experience with them, that was my only idea at the time.

Scumbag Stacy was for relationship related cases, I thought.
Would be unlikely for him to lie about that, but I guess it's possible.
"It's a ghost town."
[This one.](http://www.evike.com/products/35819/)
Okay cool, do you think my trade was worth it somewhat?