for Sublime or my OS as a whole? I've never exported/viewed either JSON.
Weird, I don't have this problem. I don't use Alfred though.
They could have kept the thickness while changing the outside design slightly to keep it modern.
What phone do you have? iPhone hearing aid support is insanely good.
I know plenty of people in their 30's who have trouble with iPhone features, let alone 50 different volume sliders. At the very least I would like this UI in the settings app though.
You can get hours of use from like 30 seconds of charging. They would have had to completely redesign the mouse to accommodate a side mounted charging port.  This mouse simply required retooling for the bottom aluminum assembly and replacing the AA battery housing with a rechargeable li-ion and a power-only Lightning port. 

They were able to update the mouse without changing practically a single component of their supply chain or assembly process.


I guarantee you there were multiple meetings about “are we really going to put the charger on the bottom???” but in the end the cost savings won out. 
No need on such a new system. 
If they were an individual, they would be paying roughly $215k per year for the same amount of water. Although I imagine they are getting in processed water. 
Have you thrown an SSD into your 2011 yet? It take literally 30 seconds and is an unbelievable improvement. Same for maxing out the RAM (but to a lesser extent). My 2010 15" still works great with 8GB of RAM and a samsung evo SSD.
I'm not aware of your particular error, but you should call Apple immediately. There are other posts on forums about this but no solutions I've seen.
Alas, like many Apple products, it just works really well. I could write out a few reasons why (to which you could point out competing apps with similar features), but its the sum of the parts that makes it great.
The dumbest part was Hangouts was great and just need tweeking. But nope, let's create 3 other programming teams to create competing products and then shoehorn gchat into a business chat tool. Lame.
My biggest issue is that the 2015< were already sufficiently thin. Idk anyone who thought that thing was too thick. Should have taken the exact same chassis, replaced TB2 with TB3, shrunk the mobo, included a bigger battery, bigger trackpad, better screen, and call it a day. Oh, and the new cooling slots. The last four iPhones have gotten thicker, so I hope the macbooks follow suit.
It's so low profile that even a small amount of dust can render it inoperable. Coupled with the inability to remove keys (like you could on the old keyboard, and on virtually all keyboards sold by any other company), I'd say it's poorly designed all around.
3 drinks *every* day plus more on the weekend?

At the very least you are putting a lot of extra work on your liver. Whether you're an alcoholic is dependant on some other factors.

https://www.ncadd.org/get-help/take-the-test/am-i-alcoholic-self-test
www.mint.com

Unless you don't want to see how much you spend on stuff.
Total flow rate is higher in optimal conditions, but much worse when on a plush surface. 


For example:

Hard table - new MacBook flow of 100, old MBP 70

Soft bed/couch - new MacBook 20, old MBP 65
https://i.imgur.com/jC0ukeZ.jpg

Regardless it’s nothing like this bad boy. 
Is there? I was just inspecting my friend's (I'm still on a 2015 model) and I couldn't see any airflow. The display ribbon cables thread through it now.
Yuuuup. Just check out how much empty space is in there that isn't field with batteries. Overall, I think they need to switch the design sooner than later. I think the worst two offenses are (1) the keyboard malfunctioning because of dust and (2) the exhaust vents ONLY pointing downwards (due to the new hinge design) which means that if the laptop is on a blanket, airflow completely stops. If you notice on the 2015 and older, the vents can blast up or down.
Pretty sure they did this when the new TB MacBook pros came out. Battery life was bad, and people were estimating remaining life based on the fact that their battery would drop from 100-95 quickly.
Unfortunately the adult one came true for me :/
>didn't went

This is my greatest fear. 
Lol what dev work are you talking about. 
They prefer to enter late with good execution. 
Again, I think the nuance is very important. Thanks to the iPhone 6/plus’s new resolution, Apple developed hardware-accelerated resolution scaling techniques. The same thing is used on the MacBook Pros to support *very* smooth non-native resolutions. 

I wouldn’t put it past them to be doing dynamic resolution per-object rendering. For example, showing a text floating out in front of your face is really easy to render and even insane resolution (especially if it’s a 2D sprite or something). Fancy objects like 3D avatars or superimposed photos may be rendered as low as 1080 and then upscale. 

I still think what I’m talking about will take at least a 15-watt processor, so something with lots of surface area and/or active cooling. But nothing close to a 1070. 
It really depends on the complexity of the rendered objects. If it's limited simple AR geometric overlays, then it could work just fine.
Ehhhh, it kind of is. It depends on the aspect ratio of the panels. The total horizontal resolution is 16k, so it's not entirely disingenuous. If the panels are 8Kx8K, then the combined resolution is very close to 16K (it would be 16k x 8k instead of 15360 x 8640).
I think 4K micro displays are already priced under $100 each, and it's reasonable that 8K panels could be around that mark in 2 years.
I’m not sure, but I had some very complex macros that I wrote entirely in Windows VBA. I spent a couple hours trying to get it to work on my Mac but the problems were too numerous. 
I wish. None of my macros work on my Mac.
I'm just hoping he just doesn't have optics into the part of the supply chain providing 3D touch. it's possible that they are using edge stress sensors instead of a capacitive grid this time.
1. Price sensitivity of consumers
2. Larger size = easier to manufacture
3. No cellular tech (except in models that cost $130 extra)
4. No waterproofing


But it's mostly price sensitivity. 
It actually is standard, IIRC. You can use a third party one with it I think. 
Ugh, so sad. Not only is it sad for you and your siblings, having been born into that situation, but also "sad" for the millions of state dollars that will go to attempting to remedy the situation.
Jeez. Dependent on state aid?
Is that not part of the strategy that lost Hillary the election?
[$124.31](https://i.imgur.com/flLKWnH.png) for what used to be included in the box. Unreal.
[$124.31](https://i.imgur.com/flLKWnH.png) for what used to be included in the box. Unreal.
??? He even reacts like the piece of paper is on fire. I dont understand.
I ate Carbonara at probably 10 different restaurants in Italy and many had garlic in them. It's a pretty mild dish without it, IMO.
These CEMU screenshots make me want a more powerful Switch. 
Amazing.

/r/ExpectationVsReality 
Some of those are reaching lol
The Good mobo mfgs share the lanes between TB3 port, 3rd/4th PCI x16 slot, and an extra m.2 slot. Using one disables the others.
Lucky for you [Apple is extremely transparent on the issue](https://www.apple.com/environment/pdf/Apple_Environmental_Responsibility_Report_2018.pdf).

>We’ve reduced the amount of plastics in our product packaging by 29 percent compared to 2016.


pg. 25-26
I have TB3 on-board my mobo, let me look it up.

edit: https://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16813128835

I have a 6600k, not sure what boards the newest chips use.
Correct me if I’m wrong, but I’m under the impression that new apps must support 21, but that legacy apps still function just fine, and that anything sideloaded also doesn’t need to follow the new permissions model. 


Yes, Android added *support* for granular permissions about a year ago. It's ridiculous it wasn't added sooner. Still, apps are not required to use granular permissions and many of the most popular apps still don't have it.
I was going to downvote then I realized this isn't that unreasonable for Apple's UI team.
> flashlight app is an app permissions issue, which was immediately fixed.

If by "immediately fixed" you mean "Android apps can still require unrelated permissions or else crash the app."

Android permissions *just* started to catch up to iOS in 2017, and it's still not perfect yet.
The entire lake is surrounded by farms. Are you saying none of that water enters the lake? If so, where does it go?

This comment is directly from the [USGS database](https://pubs.usgs.gov/circ/circ1207/major_findings.htm): "**The high nutrient concentrations, primarily from agricultural runoff, have contributed to overenrichment of surface water, including Lake Okeechobee.**"
Your Note 3 is a year newer than the iphone 5 and stopped receiving updates at Android 5.0. The iphone 5 was updated through last year. The 5s (which competes with your Note 3) STILL gets updates and will likely receive iOS 12.0. Android 5.0 is subject to so many zero-days that someone could control your phone by literally sending a text message that you don't even open. 
Anything that stays on the screen constantly can cause it, like navigation. I had to switch Waze to night mode for this reason.
Yes, the runoff from the lake is highly nutrient rich from the Ag runoff that goes into the lake. It's a very bad situation, pitting the farmers against the tourism industry.
Hahahhaha. Like not being able to call 911 without the phone turning off? Or a flashlight app being able to read your text messages? Or finger prints stored in unencrypted PNGs? Or entire product lines having un-fixable boot looping after 1 year? Or nearly non-existent customer service? Or phones supported for less than 1 year on average?
Ah yes, Android, where your phone will get updates for less than a year on average, and where replacement parts can be nearly impossible to come by, and OEM-repair support is almost non-existent. 
5-10%???? More like 0.01%.
Apple's shelf life is double or tripple the next leading Android phone, so I'm not sure what you're talking about. Also iFixit said they believe this is a software bug, not intentional by apple.
> The biggest difference is that this time, the media was more than happy to play along with the Republicans

Fox News was literally created to prevent another Nixon situation.
Sorry, I meant that teenagers in general are the text a lot, not just the ones in the US. yeah, WhatsApp runs Europe thanks to the greedy telecoms. 
And 85% iOS among teens in the states, who are the ones messaging the most. 
Apparently people are actually dumb enough to think this is real. The “comments are poorly photoshopped and open overlay the like button. 
No android phone is twice the power, let alone half the price. 
What makes you think that the car can't send vehicle-related data to the phone through USB? Google only denied collecting throttle position and oil/coolant temp, not engine revs or speed.

Edit: and [here](https://github.com/martoreto/aastats) is a github project that just uses Android Auto's Vendor Extensions channel to collect: display power, torque, boost, gear, oil temp., gearbox temp., battery voltage.
I 100% disagree. There is hardly anything you can't do on either desktop OS. They both allow near perfect customization via the command line and third party software.
Another factor not mentioned is the high brightness screen. Also that you can open it with one finger. Also that the fan stays off for 90% of workloads. 
My 2010 MBP is just as good as my 2015. Apple perfected the touchpad almost a decade ago, and by adding forcetouch, somehow made it even better.
I also have both systems. I agree only if by "hardware" you mean specs. Because the machine itself is much more poorly made.
Let's not kid ourselves, Microsoft's copy of spaces and gestures is downright horrible in comparison. And they still haven't added Tabs to apps yet, despite promising it years ago.
How monitors are handled is totally configurable in OSX. They can each be separate workspaces, etc.

I ran 2 monitors on OSX for years with no problems. I do like that my start bar is on both screens on Windows, but I use CMD TAB for everything on mac anyways.
you can reorganize PDF pages, delete pages, etc without paying Adobe $20 a month. That alone blows my mind on windows.
FYI dash doesn’t prevent pre-loading. The player (YouTube) decides how many seconds/segments to cache. 

The player SHOULD detect that your content has paused due to a buffering issue, and then allow loading content while paused. 
My bad, that’s what I get for posting in class. 
This thread has too much nostalgia. Now I’m just sad I’m not a teen playing halo all night long eating junk food and sleeping at a friend’s house. 
When you have a 5-year-old hot-miked Android phone, nothing is in private. 
Adding MSG is like cheating. Also I wouldnt call anything with vinegar tasteless.
Force press on notifications on the lock screen. I also use it to preview links before clicking them if I don't want to open it.
Force waze into always night mode, that's what I did.
Someone can easily look over your shoulder and watch you type in your PIN. Just today I saw a lady type her's in. Meanwhile I'm not going to steal one of her fingerprints or make a biometrical identical copy of her face to open the phone. 
That doesn’t work with the iPhone obviously, or Samsung retina scanning. Just crappy Chinese OEM face detection. 
I mean, it’s probably art too. Unless we are /r/Gatekeeping 
/r/atbge
hurr durr biometrics are a username not a password.
I find a good 50% of his videos to be extremely frustrating. 
One teardown says their margin is about $80 a pop. Better than $0 or negative, which Amazon's is rumored to be.
The nearest galaxy is millions of lightyears away. Even if we invent ships that can travel at 99.9999% the speed of light, we will never know if they get there. 

/r/Futurology is leaking.
Not according to the app dev who posted a usage breakdown from his app. Series 3 and 0 are the most popular.
WHILE FLOORING IT.

Understeer doesn't happen if you're going 5-10 mph.
>15 years ago

>24 months ago
I paid $600 for my rift and $200 for touch when they came out. $800 for a “pro” headset isn’t cheap but it’s also not astronomical. 
FYI the UK only classifies a death as a homicide if there was a criminal conviction/case. This, and some other factors make the numbers REALLY hard to compare 

Also, The UK is a small country with very different demographics and history. There are states and regions of the USA with same/lower homicide rates as the UK. 
I like how you put words together. 
Thanks, that’s the quote. I’m trying to find the Reddit thread from this week (probably today or yesterday) where that was one of the top comments. The thread went into an interesting discussion. 
Don't get either. Amcrest is the way to go, local storage with microSD and optional cloud storage. They are also highly customizable and affordably priced.

You can customize just about everything about them. I have two and love them.
Entrances that require time to breach. If it takes them 30 seconds to kick the door in you have time to activate your house alarm and run out of the back door, get your mace out, etc.
With their new fancy method of folding the screen under itself to eliminate bezel, I think this is totally possible.
https://www.digitaltrends.com/mobile/galaxy-s6-and-s6-edge-reach-end-of-life/
Just put it in your recent apps so that it stays in RAM. opens quick for me.
Oh that’s good. I hadn’t heard that. 
No, Google only guarantees updates for 2 years. They already retired the nexus 6. 


Anand wasn’t a critic at all. He generally praised their lack of thermal throttling and excellent SoC design. 
The defective GPU problem is a 2011-2013 issue IIRC. It was covered under a special replacement program. I personally know 3-4 people who received free Retina MBPs as compensation. 
How old was it?? Apple has the best customer service rating in the industry for a reason. I’ve gotten so many free replacements and out of warranty services.. 

MacBook pro’s HDD was glitchy after I dropped it (admitted as much) and they just sent me a brand new machine for free. 

iPhone 5 with a stick lock button, brand new phone. 

Dropped 5s in sink, free replacement because headphone jack didn’t work. 

First gen Apple Watch screen fell off (3 years later) and they gave me a free replacement a model newer. 
Ars is great (I subscribe) but it's not anywhere nearly as detailed as Anandtech, unfortunately.
> but recently they've fixed their shit.

Like by not providing any more updates for phones sold only 24 months ago?
Haha, he said that 5 hours, in response to a comment that was added in response to my post here on /r/apple.
You've never heard of Anandtech and you're a tech enthusiast? That is very surprising.

[Here is an example of one of their great articles](https://www.anandtech.com/show/9686/the-apple-iphone-6s-and-iphone-6s-plus-review/4).
The thing is, even the non-iPhone users love to click on and read iPhone related articles. Even on anandtech they are the most shared and commented. Just look at Linus Techtips on YouTube. He is pretty strongly anti-Apple, but almost all of his iPhone videos get 2x the views. 
Plenty of time for 5-page reviews about heat sinks with 1% difference between them but none for the newest iPhones, apparently.

I'm not looking for a "wow this phone feels so nice" review but rather one that goes into detail about the latest SoC and its changes/upgrades. Oh well.
Do you have cellular service on all of your acreage, or at least at common entrances?
Yeah I love seeing companies do this. I was curious so I looked up Google too. They are apparently also 100% renewable, including their data centers which is important.

https://environment.google/projects/announcement-100/ 
100% possible if purchased from a carrier. Someone returns a phone after they put the old headphones in the case, carrier checks the box for 0.5 seconds and shrink wraps the thing again.
FYI this happened to my brother as well. Got his iphone 7 from the carrier about 6 months after the phone came out. it was shrink wrapped and everything.
Actually, not that you mention it most people I see on the train are actually **not** overweight. I've never really noticed before.
Problem is they are ugly, don't have USB 3.0 or thunderbolt passthrough, or any of the other features that made the TB display great.
It's not the largest sculpture and this is a rendering.

0/10
Exactly. People say “oh, it’s not because he’s black, it’s because of [policy X].” But the fact of the matter is a VERY large percentage of the voting population was alive during the time when racism was the default. Hell, in the 1950’s less than 5% of the population thought blacks and whites should be able to legally wed (with biblical arguments to back them up, of course).

I would have more surprised if a large amount of people hadn’t been racism about Obama winning the election.  
Yup! mine did that after just a couple months.
That was an accident, I meant to include the data.
I agree. Entering the applicant’s address into a simple program could probably tell you race with pretty high accuracy. This also wouldn’t bias against non-minorities who have experienced adversity. 

This would also prevent “privileged” minorities from blindly filling the spot of a disadvantaged minority. There is a classic story from my high school where a student of color (whose parents were both physicians) was admitted on full ride to a top-10 university whereas another student (who was actually the child of destitute immigrants, but considered White) who had excellent grades and a near perfect ACT was denied admission entirely. 
I think a good alternative is for admissions to ask about socioeconomic background, as well as to require admissions essays. 


There is always the ongoing issue of what STATE schools are allowed to do. It’s well within the rights of a private school to have the policy of admitting more people of certain races or backgrounds. 
The all-time worst offenders are The Verge and Engadget which exclusively link to other articles on their own website.
I have found that *most* websites do not link to the source if it is a legal document. The Times generally seems good at source linking when it's just a website.
Thanks. [Here is an image showing the result](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/d7294ccfaed188c4818d3107f020263eb5889be3/0_0_3576_2750/master/3576.jpg?w=700&q=20&auto=format&usm=12&fit=max&dpr=2&s=356ecc8726c2504a688b4ad3eab030bc).

Edit: Source article: https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/aug/04/affirmative-action-california-black-hispanic-students

And their data: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1uC3VHfkEHgz0W7pnzrIUFhimbC7E5TY0VdptEzQmR14/edit#gid=1550004131 
If college admissions were completely blind to race and background, Asians and Whites would be admitted at even higher rates. It is just a fact that Whites and Asians (on average) perform better on standardized testing and have better grades. There is currently a lot of discussion around the difference of quality of education between well-off neighborhoods and minority/low-income neighborhoods, and how this effects performance of different student groups.

Regardless of one's position on affirmative action, it is a *fact* that its introduction negatively impacts an over-represented student for each minority student that is given an SAT/GPA handicap. Unfortunately for Asian-American students, this hurts them the most.
> Monopolies are forming, they're just not as big or obvious as they were in the early 20th century.

That's because businesses are much more careful as to not be broken up again. These days you just have 1-2 companies that own all of the "competing" brands. 
I think your disagreement stems around the reading of “sell your data.” This seems to be a catch-all for unscrupulous companies that profit off of user data (either directly or indirectly). For example, Lenovo sold PCs which included *firmware level* web tracking and key logging software from an advertising company (not an ad firm, but one of the middle men who deal in actual targeting). This was only made public because some savvy coders identified the software and its habits of uploading user information to foreign servers. 

Why did Lenovo do this? Because non-Apple PC margins are razor thin (often negative) and a tens-of-dollars payment from a borderline-spyware company is the only way to turn a profit these days. 

You can replace the above story with a number of other PC and smartphone manufacturers that I’ve mentioned in other comments. 
> They protect other people from access you data BUT not from them.

I generally agree, but unfortunately data breaches do happen. Just look at the Cambridge Analytica stuff. That wasn't even a breach, but an oversight. Apple doesn't even collect the data because (1) it's not their busienss model and (2) it is very risky.
I think you’re right. 
More pics please. And can you take some in sunlight? The tungsten lighting is weird.
They don't monetize paid google apps (e.g. gmail) to my understanding, yes. But that doesn't mean they aren't monetizing other free Google services and software on Chromebooks.
The difference is that many other hardware companies (Lenovo, HP, Dell, Samsung, etc) ALSO sell your information to try to make a little more money out of their products. **
No. Apple secured your data and breaks up into little anonymous encrypted chunks. Google’s cloud just sees meaningless 1s and 0s. 
The OLED itself is rectangular, as can be seen if you turn on the flashlight or set a photo background. 
I'm hoping for curved corners like the iPhone X
Alternatively, what incentive does Northrup have to get this project done on time and at/under budget? They are a public company looking to make as much money as possible. They know that even if they run way over budget they'll keep getting business.

I'm sure the engineers on the ground are doing everything they can, but the upper management, and the underlying system and corporate structure do not necessarily support quick or efficient projects.
> flopped

lol
Why was an iphone 8/X review not pursued? Anandtech's review and breakdown of the SoC is always great. I'd be happy with just that.
I know this is /r/android but how is the iPhone X review coming along? These guys only had to be "patient" for two weeks, not 5 months!
Sweet bot but you just need a tiny bit of formatting! 
Yeah I have no idea how that's so upvoted. 
You're joking right? Hand-off and remoted control IS how it works. If the content is available online, it just sends the content's URL to the TV. It only streams from the device when you mirror your whole screen or with certain DRM content.
I’m confused about the whole situation. They had a chopper in the air, so something was clearly going on? Was the guy on the side of the house and then ran to the back when he saw the cops? In the video right before they shoot it looks like he was sitting on a couch or something.
> my friends aren't Jewish, and had never programmed their stove to be Jewish

/r/nocontext 
Pro Pro Protip: Use social media if you want; it's a free country. But be aware that what you put online is always going to be out there.
Protip: all those comments are still out there in archives. As long as you don't run for high-ranking public office you'll probably be fine though.
Like every other Apple Watch setting, it would be optional. 
Zuck has more money than god. This wasn't for a paycheck, but to allow the foundation to have more flexibility in how it works. It's a common move and really not that complicated.
My guess is that cone is from when it was younger and they put it on him for laughs. It looks way too small. 
It was because of internal squabbling over what Siri should *be*. There is zero technical reason Siri shouldn't be as good or better than the competition. 
Sometimes you can find a Series 1/0 with a link bracelet for like $400
Real answer? if you have the tools to open it up, open it and use a hair dryer to heat the inside and to aid evaporation. 

If you don’t, use a hair dryer to get the thing decently warm so that the water evaporates out of the headphone port. 

If you can, take out the SIM tray at night to allow water from within the phone to evaporate. 


Put the phone in dry rice at night to help too. 
Especially the older generations. They have this odd "trust" of people calling on the phone. Like they can't envision someone calling and lying about being from teh IRS. My friend's grandparents got scammed out of thousands of dollars by people calling and saying that he (their grandson) was in a foreign jail and needed bond to get out. They wanted to hang up and check with his parents but they said that this was his "one phonecall" and that if they didn't pay he'd be thrown in prison.
And that is completely wrong. Kuo and everyone else in the know has said that Samsung is charging Apple at least $120 per display since they have Apple in a corner (no one else can make that many high-quality OLED displays).


Those BOM reports are complete garbage and are just used to drive clicks to their website for other industry reports. I am familiar with a couple of the industries that encompass components of the iPhones, and I've never seen a report even close to accurate for those components.
This'll get buried, but the fabrication process for high-density microLED is completely and utterly different than Samsung's. Samsung's is just a display of closely-packed traditional LEDs, like the kind that make up scoreboards at sports stadiums.


Apple's is completely different, with the backplane and LEDs being mfg'd on separate wafers, and then combined in a ridiculously complex transfer process.

They have the same name (I'm pretty sure Sammy just called their's uLED for shits and giggles) but they are very, very different technologies.
Watching a video is actually very efficient. All of the encoding is done using special hardware. Gaming is actually rendering graphics/sounds/physics and really pushes the hardware to the limit.
Nowhere in the post does it ask about Computer-based colorization.
I'm pretty sure it's cheaper to buy the Pro AND a Vive than a Pro and all the controllers/lighthouses??

Controllers and lighthouses are about $130 each so that's $520.
I can’t tell if dog is sleeping or wallowing in misery. 
My buddy who lives in chicago had his car stolen from him in Old Town at gunpoint, by two guys, one with what he described as an AK-47. The cops who came to take their statement literally laughed. Lo and behold, they caught the guys a few days later and they actually did have an AK-47 (or some near equivalent).
Imagine pursuing Law, or Teaching, or Engineering knowing that 95% of those professionals can’t make a living wage in their actual career.

Your success is entirely up to luck, good timing, and who you know. There are so many careers where even an unmotivated muddling through will make you enough to support a family. I’m glad people pursue the arts, but the risk/reward is too much for me. 
You know we live in the future when "have humans do it" is a novel approach.


/r/AppleWatch 

I also have a series-0 and that sub will tell you the series 3 is night and day. Apps load instantly.
And that makes you an extreme outlier, even compared to those who budget. I eat homemade food for the vast majority of meals and still spend $350/mo for two people.
Using the logic of the article, should the wealthy pay more for everything they buy? If price/income is fixed for all goods, then we would just be a communist country.

Okay fine, let's just limit it to taxes. I already pay more taxes (both in absolute terms and in relative terms) than a minimum wage employee. Should I also pay relatively higher sales tax, property tax, gas tax, etc.? 

The author asserts that fines can bankrupt a poor person. That is a valid argument that fines are too high. But to say that flat fines let "rich people break the law without meaningful repercussions" is patently false and ignores other legal consequences of speeding.


The weird part is I was on mobile and wouldn’t have had any other imgur link on my clipboard. I just opened their website, uploaded, then copied. 
That is so weird... literally copy pasted the URL. 
Youtube so you can get 1k followers and monetization

   
What I want to know is if the iphone has to be unlocked to install the software first. This is crazy stuff.
I'm not sure most of the ocean was ever land (while animals walked on it). Much of north america was at one point the bottom of oceans and seas. Which is why you can find shell fossils in the midwest 1000+ miles from the ocea.
A lot of the land today used to be ocean, so we do have a pretty decent idea. 
Yes you can. Even 4K is 12MP per frame. 12MP is as much as many DSLRs and more than enough for digital publishing and print. 

Even on an iPhone you can use a 3rd party app with apple's APIs that allow you to shoot uncompressed (e.g. no b-frames) 4K 60FPS. The files are huge but it works great.
It makes sense that these would transcend timelines. The different civilizations can move around, but these should always be the same.
When will they add transit terminal layout maps like apple maps? I prefer Gmaps for nearly everything but google maps' transit nav is still subpar IMO.

Edit: this is what I mean https://imgur.com/a/X3Nr7
That article is from 2015. Live Photos have changed a ton since then. I also suggest you read the Anandtech article about it, showing how much better of an implementation Apple's is (written by a journalist who used HTC phones and Zoe for years).
Beautiful. 
You got a series 0? I got a series 1 (S1P processor instead of S1).

Yup. Series 0 got replaced with a brand new Series 1.
Gas is cheap and we love trucks. 
It doesn’t work. Courts have held that that type of LLC is effectively worthless for those purposes. 
> illegal 

What? Who said it's illegal for people to move to a different community? 
You clearly don't understand public schools. In CPS there are many, many students who don't even have winter coats, yet alone a parent who cares enough to direct their kids to other schools.

Chicago also has neighborhood schools, so vouchers would require bussing kids all around. Young children often come to school hours late because they were taking care of their even younger sibling. With bussing, they wouldn't be able to get there at all.

Vouchers also require a truly free market with perfectly informed consumers. How will parents actually know what school is better? Test scores are hardly useful. What about schools that would be extremely sought after and over capacity? Whose voucher counts more? The families who live close by? Is it a lottery?

None of this is to even mention the private-business-esque instability this would inject into public education. Do you want 90% of PUBLICLY FUNDED schools closing within 12 months?

You are also ignoring teacher's unions which have a very strong say in the matter.

Shouting "vouchers!" as the answer to all problems in schools is as dumb as the free-marketers who say that removing all regulation is the best solution to climate change.
I’ve already watched it. The fact is they have cash *somewhere* and they can borrow against it at a very low interest rate. They are also planning to repatriate cash under the new tax law. 
It's very simple. It would cost roughly $100B to buy them. How much content can you make for $100B? A LOT. Just make the content instead. Netflix has good content because they throw billions at it every year, not because netflix has magic sauce.


Also, apple already has everyone's CC numbers, a device in your pocket, and a backend network. 
Yes. Disney's market cap is 156B so even with a premium they almost have enough cash to buy the company outright.
it's fine, and not transparent.
The majority of business expenses are absolutely not payroll taxes. Many businesses do not employ that many people. When I purchase goods and services for my family, I am not able to deduct those expenses despite the fact that the business I purchased from will also be paying taxes. This is not the case for a company. If I hire a cleaning person, I pay taxes on the income first, and then she/he pays income tax. Boom, “double taxation.” 


I’m not advocating that businesses should pay tax like individuals, but the opposite. If corporate “people” don’t pay taxes on any business expenses, then neither should the human variety.
Only investment losses, not "operating" losses from poorly running your "business" (life). If you lose your job and live off savings, rack up credit card debt, etc. you cannot deduct that "loss" from the next years' returns. Amazon can invest a ton into R&D or capital improvements, resulting in a loss for the year. If I invest in myself (continued education, personal time, etc.) I can only deduct SOME of those expenses, and only if my income is below a certain level. Amazon gets to deduct *every single penny*. Businesses get to deduct EVERY expense they incur, whereas my business (my family) only gets to (a) use the standard deduction or (b) itemize SOME things. I don't get to deduct groceries, or my electric bill, or clothing, or vehicle depreciation. If a business has income of 100k, and expenses of 90k, they pay taxes on 10k (plus other payroll taxes, etc.). If I have income of 100k and expenses of 90k, I pay taxes on way more than 10k. This is where the "outrage" stems from. Corporations are people, but they are not taxed the same as people.

Someone please correct me if I'm wrong.
Then they need to use a different word.
It may be more "prone" but I've slammed my SS into stuff very hard, and it's fine.
Uh, I’ve had RNs try to talk me out of getting a flu shot because of the stuff the gubmit puts in them. 

It’s unbelievable what a porn star’s misinformation campaign did. 
Just give me the 2012-2015 chassis with a massive battery and a GTX 1060 (or underclocked 2070). Give me the old keys, TB3 instead of DP, the new air intake system, and the new huge trackpad. The 2015 was already beautifully thin and light. That new keyboard (with all of its problems) and no USB-A or HDMI is just a travesty.
The ESL teacher in my middle school once told me that the Spanish spoken by the immigrant kids was significantly worse than the "ebonics" (now African American Vernacular) spoken by black students.

The eligible pool is disproportionately white ([85% in 2017](https://www.americanbar.org/content/dam/aba/administrative/market_research/national-lawyer-population-10-year-demographics-revised.authcheckdam.pdf)), but there is a strong sentiment that judges (and some other public-facing public servants) should more closely represent the country. That being said, there are more than [1.3 million](https://www.americanbar.org/content/dam/aba/administrative/market_research/Total%20National%20Lawyer%20Population%201878-2017.authcheckdam.pdf) attorneys in the USA, meaning there are plenty of qualified non-white attorneys to fill judicial vacancies. 
I've resigned to the fact that if I ever want a cool tank like this that I'll have to pay a tank shop to come maintenance it for me.
The 6s is actually surprisingly water proof. I think they used it to test out water proofing before advertising it. All of the pcp connectors have gaskets.
No matter how much of a SnapOn zealot you are: just take a step back and think about it. $62,000 (plus tax, I’m sure) for CABINETS ON WHEELS. You could literally pay a skilled metal worker to custom build you this much shelving for a fraction of the cost. You could hire a general contractor to design and install built-ins made of the rarest wood you want.
Can you imagine if someone proposed forced diversity in the NBA? LOL.
Netflix works just fine through IPVanish so long as I select a US server. 
Use a VPN. I get 80 mbps+ on Verizon with my VPN on, <5 with it off. 

It’s utter BS that prevents my phone from creating any sort of video buffer for my content. 


Also, just set the VPN server to your own city if you want the fastest speeds possible.
https://www.nytimes.com/1974/09/22/archives/issue-promotes-help-for-retarded-new-63cent-stamp-stamps-scott-1975.html

An interesting 1974 NYTimes article about said stamps.
My point is that capacity degradation is only one way that batteries go bad. The guy has an iPhone 6, so a 2+ year old battery. It clearly aged in other ways as well, such as peak power supply and or peak voltage. The fact that a new battery fixes it shows that they aren’t intentionally slowing old phones, just bad batteries. 
Literally just google it. 80% of original SOC is a dead battery. There are other factors at play that can cause a battery to be bad earlier than 80%. 
80% is considered DEAD. Apple's algos look at the actual battery's performance. It may be at 83%, but still unable to supply peak voltage needs. Divert your anger elsewhere.
What a beautiful image. Thanks for that. 

I understand that matter and dark matter do not generally interact, but does dark matter interact with *other* dark matter in a similar (Newtonian) fashion that matter interacts with matter? The linked image makes it seem that the left-bound dark matter didn’t interact with the right-bound. 

Edit: after a quick search it appears they do not. 

http://www.speed-light.info/video_dark_matter.htm
Not even. Half of r/funny and r/gifs are the scripted Asian gifs. 
It depends on your phone. Just google the geek bench scores. 
It's possible you've ruined the water proofing around your display/home button as well.
Run Geekbench. If you're not running at max, then get your battery changed.
If you are video editing (like from a camera, not computer animation) then your CPU is less relevant. $3500 is probably too much money for what you need. 
>they make it extremely difficult to create


Lol yeah thats why devs prefer iOS. Because $100 year is crazy. iOS development is a walk in the park compared to Android. Google’s open market is riddled with stolen content and spyware. Just browse r/android to see how things are. 


There are plenty of legit reasons to dislike Apple but you picked nonsense. 
It's a damned smart speaker. They already have ads that highlight its sound quality. Why are you even asking if it's a "good thing"? That is completely irrelevant. It's a commercial. For a speaker.
Lol what. This thread (and many like it) describe FUNDAMENTAL aspects of android phones not working without a complete wipe. GPS, camera, GPay, etc. if you think that’s “normal” for a computer you’re crazy. 
   
I am running my iphone x on successive backups stemming from 2011 on my 4s. I've never reset my phone in any way.

Same with my mac. it's a restored backup from my 2010 macbook. 
Never. I've been running on successive backups since my 4s, now on the X.
It's definitely possible to get good enough at motion tracking that what you mentioned above become non-issues. 

As always, there is a [relevant XKCD](https://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/is_it_worth_the_time_2x.png) about taking the time to automate something.
Actually the new XPS 13 just ditched the USB A ports. It has a MICRO SD slot left though. 
I agree. "[X] Million Users. Zero commission trading." would work wonders. But that goes back to your point about the ad industry today and its shifted focus..
I was actually surprised by how "natural" the ingredients are. It was just (real) sugar, vinegar, soy, ginger, sesame seed, and a couple other things. Their sweet and sour is just straight corn syrup.


I think it tasted bad on chicken nugs but would be tasty in a stir fry.
While I dont disagree, it's possible they are going for the "make you google our company" strategy. Their name is interesting enough that they can likely drive some google searches for their company. It's also likely that they can track the effectiveness of these adds since ad analytics companies can report who went to their site while on airport wifi or within proximity to the airport. It's still going to be much less accurate than direct response though.

That said, I can't say I've ever paid attention to the bin I throw my shoes in. 
It’s wrong regardless. The US spend way more than $10B a year on foreign aid, but is not colored in dark blue. 
Thanks! No shutter speed data? That’s where I’m curious. The lens is already slower due to the f number, which it is clearly compensating for using a higher ISO. 


I quick frankly don’t understand how Samsung achieves such a smooth image at that ISO, aside from extreme NR. 
Did they post metadata? iPhones are notorious for boosting ISO to get fast shutter speed. 
It’s so cool that the gold in our jewelry was made in ancient stars, but diamonds are made here on earth. 
FYI there is another video where the body is bound up and scored, and placed up on a mountain. That video was much more "traditional." This one is pretty messed up.
I call that the Sunk Cost Fallacy Fallacy. 
They each have access to data from the other, but Waze is still much more aggressive with navigation, and it tells you about cops and emergencies on the road that google doesn't mention.
It's used for lots of things. Mainly to make a 3D "map" that self-driving cars use to understand roads. Cadillac has a new car that can drive completely autonomously on most highways because GM lidar scanned most of the USA's higways.
This is *very* welcome since the RES team abandoned Safari on Mac.
Yes. 
For less-graphically demanding games at 4K resolution the 40gigabit limit of TB3 acts as a bottle neck. For games that cause the GPU to work really hard (at or below 60FPS) the GPU becomes the bottle neck. 


It is also pretty easy to saturate TB3 with a raid of SSDs or a fiber adaptor. Also I don’t think TB3 can handle two 5K displays on one controller (at a high color bitrate of course).
[2:20](https://youtu.be/p_xTIrT_aiI?t=135) for the money shot.
Any cheap syrup you buy at the store is made of corn surgar, carmel color, and artificial flavor.
THANK YOU. I'd love to see a side-by-side with an iphone 6/6s/7/8.
You're right, since the phone is slightly wider/taller. I meant to say that it's roughly the same. But for 2:1 content it's a huge difference.
Toys, beds, and treats all increase the quality of life for a dog.
That's only true for 16:9 video. For all other aspect ratios you get a significantly more real estate. Most Netflix shows I watch are a wider aspect ratio and as a result are at least 50% larger on my X than on my 7.
I have only ever heard "foot the bill" and "fork out for [something]"

Interesting.

Edit: A quick google returned no results for fork the bill, only got results for foot the bill and fork out for.
I wonder if it's just general curiosity, like the octopus that was petting the dog.
Moving toward the middle is the biggest thing. I always semi-politely ask people to move in. My favorite is when you can't get into the car because it's full but there are 6 empty seats in the middle.
No because just type in your credit card number.
We did. This is one news article about an Apple security document that has been public for years. The only notable update to the document in re cloud storage is that they added Google to the list of companies they use.
Because Google refused to develop an app with turn-by-turn directions unless Apple gave up their user data.
Just get a needle with a tip that's no more than a couple nanometers, and then just start scratching until it looks something like [this.](https://cdn.wccftech.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/Nvidia-GP104-GPU-4.jpg)
Just make one. Get yourself a piece of silicon and a very pointy needle to etch with.
Lots of dumb answers here. It's simply that the data is not shown. It's the same reason that there is pixelation in the snow shown at the very bottom of the video frame. Obviously there is no pixelated snow, they just don't have high-res data for the purpose of this video.
It's an S8s, but Samsung doesn't use that naming scheme.
It can do 1080p 240 fps slo-mo to compete with the iPhone.
If they wipe the mac, but DON'T open photos and delete all pictures, then you'll be fine. Wiping a mac doesn't delete the pictures, but opening the photos app on one device and deleting pictures deletes them everywhere else.
That's the whole point of the service. All it takes is a quick google to find the [official Apple instructions](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201065) on how to prepare a device for resale.
Photoshopped by the text book company?
I agree, I find many of the conclusions in the article, as well as the analogy to software/hardware products (e.g. internet routers) to be way off base.



The DVDs are essentially “two paks.” Just as a restaurant sells soda cans for $1 a piece (when they were purchased in a 12 pack for $0.40 each), I should be able to separate the two. They are completely separate products with different uses. 



If the appeal finds for Disney, what are the implications in other areas of commerce? 
Okay, it'll be $300 then.
C'mon guys. It was dumb when Fox said Obama would cancel the elections, and it's dumb now.
If my experience taught me anything, however much I think it's going to cost, it'll be 50% more.

I'm thinking $130 or so, so it'll probably be $200.
TIL if you have money you're supposed to give it all away disproportionately to the service provided.
So is Edison Mail. I think it must be on Google's end.
You can connect it to the internet using ethernet and an adaptor I think.

Also, it's cool that a broken wifi chip doesn't prevent the phone from booting.
Looking at OP’s post history, this makes a lot of sense. 
I’m not sure what’s pointless about traveling around the world competing in ski competitions. Even if she’s not Olympic quality, she is a good skier. Why would what she does be any more “pointless” thanks someone doing the same thing but with better talent?

This chick is using the rules to her advantage and it’s effing hilarious. 
What's with all the negativity in this thread? It's hilarious. The girl has degrees from Berkeley and Harvard. 
  
The idea is that you can select your carrier in the software, like on the iPad. 
Are your phones logged into the same Apple ID accounts? Every person should have their own Apple ID.

That is the only thing that makes sense.
Of course the US govt was involved.
First half was great and then it turned into "save the elf, save the world."
Better than phones turning off when people call 911. 
If you’re going to do that, you might as well just do it here on earth. 
> how is it heated?

with $$$
That looks like single pane glass. you could easily spend $1,000 a month keeping that space at 70 degrees F (~21 C)
The old banana peel is just to much. how bad must it smell for that not to be noticeable?

In a new-ish Escalade, no less.
No one is going to ask why this airport has a fake slice of a plane in it?
the other monitor is an iMac? Meaning it is also a standalone computer?


You need to use "target display mode" on the iMac. You also need to get a cable that goes from USB-C to DisplayPort.
> Too bad the definition of a terrorist is anyone the government doesn’t like

That's incorrect, but nice try.
The statute makes no mention of trespass, easements, length of time the art has been in possession, etc. 

A judge reading the statute on its face (the well established proper method) should have reached the same holding even if the art was 1 day old, and the building owner publicly protested the trespassing. So long as the painting had the requisite “recognized stature.”

If a famous artist came and painted the side of your house in the dead of night (while live-streaming the affair) I would argue their painting is covered under the Act.

Someone let me know if I’m missing something in my reading. 
There is a light in there. 
Again, you don't need to worry about being indefinitely detained at gitmo if you aren't a terrorist.

It's interesting that you invite large-scale spying by China over an irrational fear of being added to the 40 guys at gitmo. 
There are very real costs associated with hosting a VPN service (~4 cents per GB of traffic). If the VPN is free, know that they are at least selling enough of your data to make up that cost. It's like buying an iPad or a $100 ad-supported Kindle. Apple made their money and doesn't want your data.
> This honestly seems like US protectionism of Apple

Seriously? The U.S. uses more Chinese products than any other country on earth. If the US govt actually enacted protectionist policies you'd hear way more propaganda about Chinese goods in general. 
> This honestly seems like US protectionism of Apple

Seriously? The U.S. uses more Chinese products than any other country on earth. If the US govt actually enacted protectionist policies you'd hear way more propaganda about Chinese goods in general. 
> arrest me for anything and chuck me into a secret prison without me ever having a chance to see the evidence or defend myself in court.

wtf are you talking about? Unless you're a terrorist in gitmo, I don't think you have to worry about being arrested and thrown into secret prison. Even the worst non-terrorist domestic criminals have their day in court.
That sounds like something is wrong. I wonder if it will help to unpair them? 
Super cookies. Also remember that Facebook has embeds in many different websites, which allowed them to effectively read the cookies of other websites. 
Yup, using all physical logic gates. it's actually insane. Another guy made one that ingests a photo and turns it into a giant mural, all using physical minecraft logic.
Not me but a buddy at a different school has to turn in typewriter-font briefs for every single lecture, with a signed copy of the student code of conduct on top. It's crazy.
That's how it works. If you type in the password repeatedly, it learns your face. 
Yeah, off hours do cover a number of more specific topics. One thing I do is use the NPR app to listen to the news hour audio dying off peak times. 
I won’t disagree that they often cover progressive issues. I think the quantity of coverage you hear about them depends on your listening time. For example, in the morning when I listen it’s all world news, economics, etc. 


I think they also cover issues of current public interest, which tend to be progressive ideas (either being covered because Obama was promoting them or Trump is trying to oppress them). 
It bothers me so much when people call NPR left-wing. I listen to NPR every morning and they always have well-balanced facts-based coverage of current events. On contentious topics, there are always 2-3 guests of opposing views. The hosts are not afraid to point out factual misrepresentations made by guests.

I had a high school teacher (that I later realized was far-far Right) that repeatedly told our class that NPR was leftist propaganda. I was already an avid listener and was truly confounded by his opinion. It wasn't until I started watching and listening to Fox News (to better understand where he was coming from) that I understood what he meant by "leftist". 

"Leftist" to him meant "not a proponent of the Republican policy du jour." To not focus on "Barack HUSSIEN Obama's" lack of citizenship/brutish wife/cigarette smoking habit/mustard eating tendencies was leftist. 
The power consumption numbers don't include the iPhone. I just rant the tests on my iphone X and it throttled down to 128FPS (t-rex off screen), which still puts it above every android phone except this 845 test device (unthrottled).

I guess I fail to see how Apple isn't "even close" to Qcom, if this pre-release test unit is the first qualcomm chip to do significantly better than apple's A-series.

> not even close to Qualcomm in GPU performance and efficiency.

Using what metric?

The iPhone still seems to beat the 845 by about 15% in off-screen T-Rex.
Ideally you'd have some sort of static field that pushes stuff out of the way instead of turning it into energy.
I don't see any pads on the treads though? I've heard of that before, I just don't see them in this GIF.
Lol you were trolled. Do you also think there are millions of people out there eating Tide Pods?
Yeah this sounds horrible. "Oh! look at that cool thing on my left. *Nope, gotta keep going straight.**"
Just think about it this way: The faster you're moving, the slower time moves for you (for a person watching you). If you hopped in a space ship, and could fly away from the earth really really fast, anyone on earth looking at you through a telescope would see you moving really slowly. You would also look really red in color, due to red shift.
Well, let's play a thought game. The most updated information I can find puts the range at $0.80/1,000 views if you just have banner ads, and $8 if you have other ads.

To make things easy, lets call it $1-$10 per thousand views. Looking through Logan Paul's last ~200 videos, he gets about 6 million views per video, some times *way* more, but almost NEVER below 4.5 million. Just to be pessimistic, let's say he only ever gets 4.5 million views. 4.5 million / 1000 views * $1 would be $4500 per video. He posts every day, so $4,500 would be **$1,642,500 per year**, on the very lowest end of $/1000 views *and* on the very lowest end of view count per video.


Realistically, Paul is a very popular youtube, and probably gets closer to $10 per thousand views, and 6.5 million views on average. 6.5 million / 1000 views * $10 *365 days is ***$23,725,000*** per year, which puts the above estimate of $12.5m as a pretty conservative number.
Your auto mod settings are horrible. What part of this title makes it look like a support question?
You can use standard revenue per thousand views and extrapolate from there. Many people make extra money by having in-video ads. 


I am not a YouTuber but back in the day I had a single video with like 60k views, and when a single person clicked on a GoPro ad I got paid $6-$12. Per. Click. 

This guy is a part of YouTube’s VIP group (whatever it’s called) so he makes wayyyy more than average. 

Math from my reply below:

The most updated information I can find puts the range at $0.80/1,000 views if you just have banner ads, and $8 if you have other ads.

To make things easy, lets call it $1-$10 per thousand views. Looking through Logan Paul's last ~200 videos, he gets about 6 million views per video, some times *way* more, but almost NEVER below 4.5 million. Just to be pessimistic, let's say he only ever gets 4.5 million views. 4.5 million / 1000 views * $1 would be $4500 per video. He posts every day, so $4,500 would be **$1,642,500 per year**, on the very lowest end of $/1000 views *and* on the very lowest end of view count per video.


Realistically, Paul is a very popular youtube, and probably gets closer to $10 per thousand views, and 6.5 million views on average. 6.5 million / 1000 views * $10 * 365 days is ***$23,725,000*** per year, which puts the above estimate of $12.5m as a pretty conservative number.
Lol thank you. Apple explains exactly how it works. If a similar looking person unlocks your phone with your password, their face will likely be added.
"GOOD JAAAB!"

*CLAP CLAP CLAP*
Can't wait for the new one
> almost all my time, like 80% of it, is spent on engineering and design. 

>And then my time is almost entirely with the engineering team, working on improving the Falcon 9 and our Dragon spacecraft and developing the Mars Colonial architecture. At Tesla, it's working on the Model 3 and, yeah, so I'm in the design studio, take up a half a day a week, dealing with aesthetics and look-and-feel things. And then most of the rest of the week is just going through engineering of the car itself as well as engineering of the factory.

-Elon Musk


Granted, I only know two people who work at SpaceX, but they both say that Elon knows the technical details of almost every component, is commonly involved in low-level technical meetings, and that he reviews code and manufacturing processes. I also know one software dev at Tesla who says he is closely involved in the industrial design and manufacturing.


He obviously has hundreds/thousands of experts working for him, but that doesn't mean he's not an engineer.



**Elon himself says:**
>I think a lot of people think I must spend a lot of time with media or on businessy things. But actually almost all my time, like **80% of it, is spent on engineering and design.** Engineering and design, so it's developing next-generation product. That's 80% of it.
I’m not sure what definition of engineer you’re using. If it’s because he has a physics degree instead of an “engineering” degree, I would point you to the list of great engineers from history who lack formal degrees.
She still lasts from 8AM to about 11pm before I get the 10% battery alert. It’s surprisingly responsive for the important things like rich notifications. 
To say Elon isn’t an engineer is being pedantic. 

Edit:

Elon himself says:
>Elon: I think a lot of people think I must spend a lot of time with media or on businessy things. **But actually almost all my time, like 80% of it, is spent on engineering and design.** Engineering and design, so it's developing next-generation product. That's 80% of it.

>Interviewer: You probably don't remember this. A very long time ago, many, many, years, you took me on a tour of SpaceX. **And the most impressive thing was that you knew every detail of the rocket and every piece of engineering that went into it.** And I don't think many people get that about you.

>Elon: Yeah. I think a lot of people think I'm kind of a business person or something, which is fine. Business is fine. But really it's like at SpaceX, Gwynne Shotwell is Chief Operating Officer. She manages legal, finance, sales, and general business activity. And then my time is almost entirely with the engineering team, working on improving the Falcon 9 and our Dragon spacecraft and developing the Mars Colonial architecture. At Tesla, it's working on the Model 3 and, yeah, so I'm in the design studio, take up a half a day a week, dealing with aesthetics and look-and-feel things. And then most of the rest of the week is just going through engineering of the car itself as well as engineering of the factory. Because the biggest epiphany I've had this year is that what really matters is the machine that builds the machine, the factory. And that is at least two orders of magnitude harder than the vehicle itself.
The royalties are capped way below 100m, but your general point stands. 
Don’t reset it, just type your password without moving at all. It’ll hopefully start working, it did for me. 
I always say this and then buy the new phone the next year.
Ah, the Chicago commute. RIP. You should still use Waze though. It’s great in the city. 
The verge says it's louder and has better bass than the Google Home Max, which is insane given its relative size.
Don't misconstrue total BOM with quality of individual components. Those cost estimates are wildly innacurate, as tim cook has stated multiple times during investor calls. If you look at the actual BOMs those "research" companies generate, you'll see the discrepancies. They are not incentivised to be accurate, but rather to drum up controversy to drive potential clients to their website. For example, many of those research firms estimate that the CNC-milled 7000-series aluminum chassis of the iphones costs the same or less than the plastic/die cast chassis of an android phone. I think even a layman knows that not to be true. They also ignore the significant cost of the fasterns apple uses (whereas others just use gobs of cheap adhesive). Anyone with a little bit of industrial engineering knowledge knows that Apple doesn't buy the cheapest compontent possible. They buy from the lowest bidder who is willing to manufacture to apple's stringent specifications. Another example is that Apple only buys top-binned chips from Intel for their laptops, paying a hefty amount over the OEM price shown on Intel's site (which they then absorb via a markup for CPU upgrades in their machines). 

All of this is to say that at bare minimum, apple is using batteries of the same quality as other companies.

> iphones have battery issues that android phones of Equal spec dont.

This is just patently false. TONS of android phones and issues with their batteries. If you browse android forums you'd know this to be true. I don't know why you think Apple would cheap out on batteries when they spend so much on everything else.
He and Marques are buddies, so I'm not surprised.
MKBHD posted it on twitter.
The pendulum will swing back, don’t worry. 
This has happened since forever on reddit. When a comment repeats what you thought while watching a video/gif, it's validating.
Yes, which means that other injured parties are not bound by the arbitration settlement. There is also reason to believe that the plaintiff's attorneys did not meet the standard for notice in a class action. This is all likely because the judge threw the case to arbitration well before any fact-finding or other procedural steps occured. 
It wasn't a class action, it was "group arbitration".
Music tops the list, which makes me think apple was right to target sound quality over low price point.

Siri is also generally good at everything on that list except shopping and arguably a couple others.

I find it funny that controlling smart home appliances isn't even on the list, despite that being the most advertised feature by other mfgs.
We’re all just in a shitty simulation loop from Black Mirror but we just don’t care enough to notice. 
Nothing meaningful for the average consumer. Apple refurbs are great
Currently their unlimited throttles all video. no thanks.
I don't want unlimited. I want to buy a certain amount of GBs that have no limits. No throttling, no blocking tethering, etc.

Verizon slows my Netflix streams by 80% when I don't use a VPN, and I pay for 20GBs. I want to be able to use them how I like.
CAN the pirates play mario run offline?
That’s how contingency litigation works. And their fees have to be well-documented. The attorneys do make a ton of money though. 
Strength and hardness are (generally) inversely related. The new screens are *strong* (resistant to breaking) but are not *hard* (resistant to scratching).
Yupp. That's the tradeoff for the "strongest glass ever in a smartphone." The industry has decided that people prefer screens that are more resilient to dropping (stronger), and the tradeoff is hardness (scratch resistance). 

You can either have drop-resistant glass, or scratch resistant. 
It's only two different numbers. I'm guessing you butt dialed. it happens on my parent's iphone all the time if they don't lock the screen.

That, or your touch screen is going bad and has phantom touches that are clicking around the screen.
Can you (the dev) give some figures on cost? I'm happy to pay an annual subscription. 
There is a video where they put a large mirror in the jungle and a bunch of different animals come by and freak out looking at it. Then the elephants pass without so much as a "oh look a mirror".
Relative to most other smartphones, the iphone batteries are not hard to replace.
>	I deny camera access to Facebook but later decide I want to direct upload a selfie. It will just show a black screen

That's just not true. Apple has had this figured out for like 5 years+.

https://i.imgur.com/Y1c8Ln3.jpg


This is error handling 101. Here, I’ll help all the android devs for whom this would break things:

    if (camera_access == ‘denied’):
        print(‘please allow camera access’)


I get that Goodyear does tires, and is therefore a relevant party to be involved, but these seem so fundamentally different from rubber tires that there wouldn’t be any skill overlap. 

Edit: I should clarify. Of course there is skill overlap. I meant about the mechanics of the metal mesh compared to the material science of a rubber tire. The performance parameters are the same. 
> 've never heard of leasing a phone until then.

That was the way 99% of people in the USA got their iPhones and Androids up until about 18-24 months ago.
You are incorrect about a couple things, including that all smartphone cells are rated for a (best case) 500 charges before going bad. That’s assuming you don’t fast charge or subject it to high/low temps. 
The effectively designed a CPU that demands high voltages that can only be supplied by a new battery.
Cycle life is also very much a function of dis/charge rate, aka C-rate.
OP PLEASE only charge this to 80% SOC to avoid over charging the shitt cells.
You *can* do that if you're walmart or one of the other companies. Plenty of cash on hand and your stock price is currently through the roof. Small corps, not so much.
Thank you. Large corporations have enough cash to "front" their employees a bonus as a marketing stunt, but small businesses will not have the means to make any kind of pay or bonus changes until (a) the accountants verify the savings and (b) they've actually saved the money (depends on when you pay taxes as a corporation).

This post is stupid.
He said deduct half of his *house*. There are other taxes that figure into the 10k state tax limit. It's really not hard to hit at a moderate income level in some places.

If you live in chicago and your family makes 100k a year and your house is worth ~250k, you will have already hit the state cap. 250k is [NOT](https://www.redfin.com/zipcode/60606/filter/max-price=250k,min-beds=2,max-beds=3,min-baths=2,min-parking=1,hoa=200,viewport=41.96726:41.86776:-87.56132:-87.77865,no-outline) a lot of house in Chicago. 100k is NOT a lot of income either for a family in chicago either; it's more than many have, but it's nowhere near enough to feel "rich" if you're also paying for children, a mortgage, and making modest contributions to retirement accounts.
Not this sub in particular, but i've tried to post to other subs before and it's taken me 5-10 tries just to get past auto mod. I read all the rules, don't break any of them, then auto mod comes in with an auto-delete for something that isn't even listed as a rule.

It's very annoying.
“I got arrested for going 10 over the speed limit”

No, you got arrested for not giving the office your license and telling him to screw off. 
The dollar menu is BACK bih
This is my dream finally coming true: light and portable laptop that can be plugged in to a massive GPU for gaming and compute.
I’m not sure what you find innately wrong with second hand accounts. If the White House attorney was directly instructed by trump to fire mueller, and then the atty walked out of the room and told two respected White House officials, why should we throw away their testimony as worthless? That makes no sense. 

It is also entirely possible that the second two witnesses were informed by two other people in the room who witnessed Trump’s demands. 

There comes a certain point when indirect evidence is sufficient to build a strong case that something occurred. 

I am not “shocked” that a scientist prefers direct evidence to corroborate another’s experimental findings; I am shocked that you are such a binary thinker that you cannot comprehend accepting news story without direct "proof", no matter the amount of supporting evidence and facts. 
I would also like to add that The Times ALWAYS reaches out for comment before publishing a story. As a result they give their subject (Trump et al) ample opportunity to get their Distraction Machine (Fox News) up and running. 
All I have to say is you’ve been blinded by trump’s ~~Fake News~~ Lügenpresse propaganda if you think the New York Times is unreliable. 


It’s fine to be a “scientist” (I am myself an engineer) but you can’t let that blind you to reality. The times is not willing to burn all of their inside sources just for one story. Hence, they do not disclose their sources publicly, but provide sufficient information such that other news organizations can independently confirm. 


By your standard, one should not believe ANYTHING EVER. Even if trump admitted trying to fire Mueller, he is a well-documented bold-faced liar. Therefore that is insufficient evidence. There could be a video of trump shot from 12 different angles shouting “I am firing Mueller” and you could still find ways to dispute the video as “fact.”


You are either bad at playing devil’s advocate, or a Red Hat that needs to wake up. I would be happy if you could provide me even a handful of instances of The Times publishing FALSE information in regards to Trump, or his campaign. 
I don’t think your position is bad, per se, but I tend to believe The Times. I cannot imagine they would publish such a “bombshell” of a story with multiple sources they deem to be extremely reliable. 

This is such an important story that I guarantee this was vetted by the highest ranking people at NYT before it was published. 
> why not turn it into a graphics tablet while were at it?

Because they want you to get an iPad for that.
Of course. I'm not saying that what they did is wrong, just trying to state facts.
> I think the price of materials is what caused them to go to thinner filaments.

They had an international cartel to try to peg light bulb life to [some number of hours] with very little variance. This was actually difficult, because you can't just make bulbs poorly or the variance will be huge. You need a precise way to design them such that they all go bad around the same time.
I prefer when they just pick a different term entirely. Mail-person is just the kind of thing that gets anti-PC people riled up. Letter carrier? Totally gender netural.

I vote for Fire-Putter-Outer.
My buddy had one and the 3D stopped working after a month and all of the side buttons fell off before 6 months. Great phone!
That only works for one or two development cycles, tops. Red makes great cinema cameras. If smartphone development doesn't turn out to be to difficult, I can see them sticking with it.
By making them tougher, they are now less scratch resistant. 

Toughness and hardness (scratch resistance) are inversely related, generally speaking.

To add: many people use screen protectors to prevent scratches, not just cracks from drops.
What are your GPU temps? Use EVGA Xprecision or MSI afterburner.
Yeah that really sucks. I was a dumb teenager, and never got caught doing anything stupid, but I could totally see me and some friends messing around with an under-construction building and some 2x4s. 
That’s specific and annoying. I’m sure there is a reason, but man that would be annoying. 
Chicago will take you but charge you full tuition, with no opportunity for school-based scholarships. Have to ask yourself if it's worth the extra debt.

Source: Know multiple people with mediocre GPAs from schools ranked in the 40's who transferred to U of C. Also, i'm pretty sure you won't count toward their statistics for ranking purposes, so they don't really care.
None of that explains why there should be *three new MattressFirms* at the same intersection.
Discovered by Edwin Hubble in 1923.

https://amazing-space.stsci.edu/resources/explorations/groundup/lesson/scopes/mt_wilson/discovery.php 
Correct. Mining bitcoin is pointless on a GPU. But Ether, ZEC, etc can bring in a ton of money.
It's possibly cheaper to just but one of those Thunderbolt externals that comes preloaded with a 1070. Theyre cheap because miners don't want to deal with opening them up to take the card out.
My Hybrid 970 (built-in self-contained liquid cooler) stays at 40c or below, even with the heaviest overclock I can apply.
I clicked and it doesn't generate an address.
It’s hard to say exactly what their cost is, but the total cost of the battery is probably around 10-15, considering what third parties charge. Plus the labor to have an employee replace the battery. That probably takes 15-30 minutes, but an Apple store employee would have to confirm. 
You’re an idiot. Batteries going bad isn’t planned obsolescence. It happens on literally every smart phone brand. For most brands you can’t even get your battery replaced by the company. Just look on all of the android subs at all of the complaints by people who have various phones shutting down when their battery is less than 50%. Apple actually lets you replace your battery with an official one, and is currently charging just above what it would cost them to do the replacement.
The API link doesn't work for my address.

Also what are you using to view the JSON data on your mac bar?
Ugh... Let's hope they didn't get hacked. I have a BIG payout ready as of a couple hours ago.
It definitely is. Too high res, no aliasing. 
    
>Axe Rack
Hbn
That's true, but if you're going to claim crypto profits I'd suggest you do so honestly. Especially with such a big payout.
The his cap gains divided by 15% means he made about $22k in profit.
??? Since when is long pressing on a full screen video a standard UI feature. 
Hahaha. Please show me the other new popular android phones that cost $10 to replace the battery. 

Even the recent LG phone with removable battery costs significantly more than that. 
Google brings in over $100/yr per US user, so it wouldn't be cheap.
Every Republican physician I know was in support of Obamacare and wished that they had passed a single payer. It's ridiculous that something like healthcare is divided on party lines (especially considering how similar Romneycare was to Obamacare).
And other reports say that the homepod sounds better than the $300 Sonos 2. 
Reports say that Amazon and Google were both selling their Home products at or near a loss during the holidays. That has never been Apple's MO. They are advertising this as a high-end music speaker vis-a-vis Sonos and Bose. Amazon *has* to offer cheap boxes to put in every room because they aren't in your pocket.
I have a series 0 and it doesn’t take more than 10 seconds. 
Thank you for your excellent breakdown. 
That’s for the info! Very interesting. How does this compare to the average discount paid by an insurer?
I agree, and I thought I made that apparent in my original comment. Hospitals are not bad guys. They are just trying to recover their costs by playing the game.
It is nonsense. Nonsense that generates billions of dollars of revenue a year (primarily paid by US taxpayers via Medicaid) for corporations. The corps then lobby congress to make sure things stay the way they are. Those corps then increase in value, driving up their stock price, thus providing wealth to their shareholders (primarily wealthy people and institutions). It’s all just a fancy way to funnel federal dollars back to those with means.


If you’re not upset yet, research the situation with states passing legislation that prevents them from negotiating drug prices with Big Pharma. More wasted tax dollars. 


I have no faith that things will improve in my lifetime, especially with the current Congress and White House pressing CRTL-Z on everything that was done in 2008-2016.
It’s actually worse. 50% of new mothers are covered by Medicaid because they are too poor. They pay zero dollars for medical care. Zero copay, zero deductible. With the entirety of the bill covered by US taxpayers (me). So we have this quasi-universal healthcare but only for poor people. If you are unlucky enough to be in the lower middle class, you are shit outta luck. 


We in the USA pay more per capita in taxes toward healthcare than any other developed nation, BUT WE DON’T EVEN HAVE UNIVERSAL CARE. 


There are myriad synergies that could be achieved by universal healthcare that could reduce the overall cost of care significantly. 


The system is royally fucked up, but republicans are doing everything they can to make things worse (pooling high-risk patients in separate insurance pools???) because they already “got theirs” as so to speak. 
Thanks for the datapoint!
I would need a source on this.
There's not really a "point." It's just how the current free market + regulations has solidified. Hospitals are completely separate entities from the insurance companies. Hospitals will do whatever maximises their income. Hospitals are generally not *very* profitable and have to cover the enormous cost of providing free care to poor people who use the ER like a doctor's office.

Let me give you an example. Someone I know works for a hospital. They had to spend tens of thousands of dollars on a special bed for a morbidly obese (more than 600 pounds) minor patient. He was a ward of the state, and required medical attention on multiple fronts. Over the course of the coming months he cost the hospital hundreds of thousands of dollars. They sent the bill to the state (he was on Medicaid) and they just told them "lol no" and sent a check for a couple grand.

The hospital ate the entire cost of treating that patient. Should they have? That is an entirely different moral and philosophical question. They fact is they *did* treat him (and many others like him) and they must attempt to recover that cost through othe revenue streams. This is why a single asperin while you're in the hospital is billed at tens of dollars.
> In Apo Osae-Cwum’s case, private insurance covered most of the $877,000 bill, but her family was responsible for $51,000.

>Even though [she] went to a hospital covered by her insurance, none of the neonatologists who attended to her sons were “in-network”. Therefore the insurance reimbursed far less of their bills. 


Unbelievable. She went to an in-network hospital, but somehow a portion of the employees of the hospital were "out of network." 
No. Hospitals artificially inflate the cost of care because they know that insurers will only pay a fraction of what they are billed. The problem is when *uninsured* individuals require care, they are presented the full (inflated) bill.

The reality is that even an uninsured person can work with the hospital billing department to lower the bill to somewhere around what the insurer pays. They even offer payment plans.

It is a very messed up song-and-dance that confuses even hospital and insurance professionals.
According the the [official announcement](https://www.apple.com/iphone-battery-and-performance/) it says:

>Apple is reducing the price of an out-of-warranty iPhone battery replacement by $50 — from $79 to $29 — for anyone with an iPhone 6 or later whose battery **needs to be replaced**, available worldwide through December 2018. Details will be provided soon on apple.com.

Obviously an iphone 8/X battery won't "need" to be replaced yet. However a few days later they said that they will replace batteries that even pass the battery test.
You are wrong. Regularly charging at a higher C-rate (such as that supplied by a fast charger) significantly shortens the useful lifespan of a lithium-ion battery.

[This image](https://qnovo.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/11/fastchg-ev.png) demonstrates the devastating effect of fast charging on batteries. It's a tradeoff. If you want your phone juiced up as quick as possible, know that it will affect the useful life of the battery. The image above is from a company that tests tens/hundreds of thousands of smartphone batteries a year.
Not sure about X since it has two batteries. All I know is the press release says “6 and newer”. 
I think the link above has the transcript and audio, haven't played the audio though.
https://www.npr.org/2018/01/11/577279687/months-after-trumps-pardon-ex-sheriff-arpaio-to-run-for-senate

At least in the written transcript, I find his meaning to be quite different.

> MARTIN: I mean, many of these people come from very dangerous countries, where their life could be at risk if they were to return to those countries. Are you sympathetic to that?
> 
> ARPAIO: Well, you know, we have a danger here. So should we deport all the people in Chicago with all the shooting and murders, if they want to get out and go to another country? Should the other countries welcome them? I don't think they would. So it's unfortunate there's problems in other countries. But you have to do it right. So - and now it's time to send them back, especially if those countries have alleviated some of their danger and problems.
It’s $1,000 off. The iMac Pro starts at 5k. It’s actually not that bad considering the internals. 
Obviously an advertising stunt (spend 20-30k by selling at a 1k loss) but a nice deal for anyone looking for a base model 8-core 32GB and vega 56.
You'll hear people here defending fast charging, but it is 100% true. It adds more heat, and the high rate of charge degrades the battery faster than a 5w charger does.

If you don't NEED to charge your phone quickly, I highly suggest using a "slow" regular 5w charger.

This is a proven fact, and anyone saying otherwise is wrong. I have spent hundreds of hours researching battery chemistry and degradation. 
Why don't they just change the name of the channel? Real question.


It sounds very similar to the electromagnetic actuator that simulators the click in the trackpad. Do you feel any "click" or tap when the sound occurs?
I think BetterTouchTool can override this.
You could disable ethernet-over-USB/thunderbolt. Then it would pretty much be locked down from anything except physical theft with known password. The best thing would be a PC with modified BIOS to disallow all netoworking or USB ports, but that's not portable.
Wouldn't this type of rollers also "squeeze" the blood/fluids into the rest of your body? I imagine that increase in internal pressure could burst blood vessels in other important places.
You could also easily open it up and take out the WiFi card. 
The castle interior is SO cool and the music is amazing. Hopefully you have a sound system with good bass or some nice headphones. I spent a whole real world day exploring it. 
The one where you need the password? I didn’t buy it cuz I just thought it was a different color. 
My favorite method is just to keep out a ice weapon. Works perfectly.

Still haven't figured out what clothes keep you from overheating in the desert. My girly clothes dont work.
Yeah, I always enjoy seeing what Sammy puts out. It's always bleeding edge, and a bunch of it doesn't stay in around for more than a generation or two, but it shows what smart phones can do. 
Yes, task killers are still 100% needed. Many times an app will malfunction without alerting the OS because it isn't using too much CPU or RAM. Apps glitch all the time in other app-specific ways that will never trigger the OS to kill it.
Yeah, I really can't comment one way or the other. All of my fluid dynamics courses dealt with flows safely in the "newtonian regime." 
Hmm. Me thinks standard fluid dynamic models break down when dealing with really big numbers like that. The no slip condition works great for modeling water through a pipe, but idk about ultra high speed plasma lol. 
Sams is absolutely cheaper than Walmart. If you go through enough of something to justify Sams' large packages, it makes total sense. Chicken for $1.79/lb, Beef for $3. Huge coffee cans for $7. I actively compare prices across stores and Amazon and Sams is the cheapest for many products (followed by Amazon).

Edit: I'm not comparing Costco, there isn't one near me.
Again, that's not how it works. Apple's batteries use the same materials as others'. If those materials are diverted to Apple mfgs, then there can be a shortage. Also, many mfgs make batteries for multiple companies, not just Apple.

I'm not saying there will be a shortage, just that it is completely possible.
That's not how it works. If we assume there is not a surplus of idle battery assembly plants, then Apple ordering 10s/100s of millions of extra batteries will affect global supply of other batteries. Apple's batteries are not unique, they are nearly identical to those used in other electronic devices. 
I truly don't understand how the rubber hasn't degraded at all. Still elastic, no cracking, etc. What is this made out of??
I'm only operating off of the minimal information in your post, but it doesn't sound like a break-in attempt to me. Sounds like a concerned neighbor or someone with car trouble down the street. Do you live in a rural location?
Just like those Oprah pictures are from before Weinstein was outed. 
And you can find photos of Trump being all chummy with the Clintons back in the day.
> You should definitely enter your actual height in the field and make sure you are wearing the headset and stand up in the center of your space before pressing a button to calibrate.

Thanks, yes I tried this. I just did a full reinstall so i'll have to gather the information requested in the ticket. After I run the command, where does the txt file with the logs get placed?
Because no matter what, for every feature Apple adds they must also take one away. It's like Newton's 3rd law or something.

Extremely annoying. I have to turn wifi off 5+ times on the train because it keeps turning back on and trying to hop on some crappy unsecured network.

But somehow my phone continually "learns" **to turn off auto-join on my own home network**. So it's not smart enough to just leave my wifi off for the day when I'm in a vehicle, but it has the gall to actually disable joining my own home network. 

All I'm asking for is a toggle in the settings.
Weird... that makes no sense. It's just sending video to the Rift over HDMI. all of the positional data is from the cameras and motion sensors which use USB. I'll try it though.
Yupp. Doesn't work. I maxed it out (8ft) which made me float off the ground in oculus home but still in the exact same spot in any game.
Sorry, I thought you were referring to a different step. Yes, I did this.
No, I haven't done the IMU calibration tool. Will try
It's because your "fix" was to nuke my computer.
It affects me because I spent $850 on a piece of technology that is unusable. 
I did not do this, and will try.
Edit: Sorry, I thought you were talking about a different step.
I actually tried that and just pointing the sensors differently. It works momentarily, but is very glitchy. Then the rift suddenly auto-readjusts and is back to how it was.
The price only recently dropped. I purchased at launch. The Rift was $600, the controllers $200, and the headphones $50. Plus tax of course.
The price only recently dropped. I purchased at launch. The Rift was $600, the controllers $200, and the headphones $50. Plus tax of course.
Yes I did. 
Lol. I can't re-install my entire OS for this. I use the machine for other work as well. There is zero reason I should have to reinstall my whole computer so that their software doesn't think i'm 3 ft under ground.
Yeah I did today, haven't heard back yet obviously. Is there a tech-focused support channel? I just sent it to the general oculus support inbox I found on their website.

I'm hoping that an Oculus technical employee lurks on this sub and can help me out.
Yes. One of the first things I tried was nuking the entire Oculus folder. Didn't do a thing unfortunately. I think there is a hidden config file I haven't been able to find yet.
Where did you get an LED bulb that can be controlled through the internet from your phone/Alexa without a hub for $15? I’d love a link. If you want to outfit a house with actual light bulbs that are controllable by a smart home system, you’re looking at a ton of money. 
He should not even still have his security clearance, let alone be in charge of ME policy. 
This is why foveated rendering is so important and why eye tracking should be a part of every high-end headset IMO.
I'm surprised the difference is only $500. I think the lack of HDMI and SD card on the new machine is a compromise not worth making if you use those regularly. I'm also disappointed in the large amount of unused space in the battery compartments. 


> The only thing a 2015 doesn't have is USB-C

And lots of stuff internally.
The difference is that they are positioning it as a Sonos-esque music speaker first and foremost. They didn't even advertise Siri as a smart-home assistant, but just as a "musicologist". Big difference.

I agree though that some cheaper satellites would be great.
I'd like the smart bulbs but I'm not paying $1000+++ to be able to yell at my lights. My $4 LED bulbs work great.
>  don't see the HomePod having better sound than the Max

The reviews I've seen say that the Max doesn't sound as good as a comparable Sonos. I've seen *other* reviews of the homepod (from those who got to demo it) saying it sounds better than the sonos.

That'd make me think Homepod>Sonos>Max, but we'll see.
Because needing a phone to set it up for 5 mins and needing a phone to use it day-to-day are completely different things. How are you this dense?
They are known for strangling each other to death. Could have easily killed the dog. 
Yeah, because RT scores are never (a) altered by brigading or (b) changed after more reviews come in.

Unless the trailer was 100% nothing like the actual movie, it's not going to be a "good" movie unless you assume the entire thing is just being ironic.
Very annoying, and needs to be fixed ASAP. I’m not going to delete my safari history because it’s invaluable to me, but I cleared my cache and cookies again. 
It doesn’t work. I have it. I have two others installed as well and none of them work. 
I’ve gotten it on dozens of legitimate websites. Most recently honda-tech.com
Holy crap I just opened up the app to post this exact thing! I get them all the time despite clearing all data on safari. Super annoying. Happens on any network (WiFi / cellular) and gets re routed from legitimate websites. 
Thank you for your well-cited comment, blaze-it-42-69!
Things are always changing, so I won't give specifics, but always just check reviews on various sites like Frommer's. Another way to see places in their more "natural" state is to travel slightly in the off-season, like a couple weeks before or after.
Nah, just realistic. I’ve been fortunate to travel quite a bit in my life and there are a lot of places like this not worth visiting in my opinion. At the very least, know what you’re getting into. 
Hey Siri is exempt because the audio is being sent to a special piece of low-power equipment that is listening for that particular phrase. Until it hears "hey siri" it doesn't even wake up the CPU. 

As usual, this is all well-documented in Apple's security papers.
The Model 3 doesn't even ship with a functioning AM/FM radio.
One that is but a shell of its former self, thanks to high levels of tourism. (see the line of boats with tourists, the sign in the grass with boat ride rates, etc.)
I wish I could use my house as a proper **armory** with a permanent fast travel location.

Then I guess there wouldn't be as much of an incentive to find the dekus though.
If Apply spends $120 BILLION for some TV shows then they belong on this sub. 

Apple already has all of the content distribution know-how in place and a screen in everyone's pocket. They should spend that $120B on original content and poaching talent from established studios.
Oh wow. I totally missed that aspect.. And he set his door on secure mode.
What weapons do you use? I'm always afraid to use ancient weapons on guardians because they seem to break so quickly.
Imagine if you could go back 3 years and tell people that this would be the next zelda game.
My share acceptance times have climbed to 800 ms...
It’s annoying that you can’t see a live preview like on iPhone. You have to take the picture, go to your camera roll, and wait for it to process. 
IIRC there was specifically a govt study done, by throwing cats out of progressively higher windows. 
It doesn’t appear blocked when I look through it. There is a passage about two bricks wide, with cold air pouring through when I open the flue. 
Uninstall all of oculus or just Superhot?
Thanks, I’ll give this a try. 
I agree, but would you rather have an android phone that is never updated last 6 months? Or releases with an already old OS? On iPhone you have the option to upgrade for 5 years. You can totally stop after a couple years if you want. 


Also, ever since the 5s (64 bit, multicore) old phones have been able to handle updates much better. 
1) I explicitly said that my opinion was an anecdote.

2) I was purely referring to the personality of some people I know who joined the force, and absolutely nothing about how hard their job is or what they experience. 
> a decent percentage are military wannabes who peaked in high school

Just adding to the anecdote, but I know *so many* of this type of cop.
Weird... I'm on Windows 10, but i'll give it a try.
> I always noticed that about 3 years out

They started this in January of 2017, as is identifiable in Geek Bench results, and in Apple's release notes from iOS 10.2.

It only slows phones with batteries that are identified as not able to provide the peak voltage needed for high-clocked CPU/GPU usage, the flashlight, high-brightness display, or loud speaker use.

What you likely experienced is a new OS version that is not optimized with old hardware in mind.
Of course I have. It changes my height in oculus Home but not in any game...
I’m 6 ft tall, it’s not calibrated right but won’t change. 
Thanks,

I will try this.
Oculus only. I'm not usin any third-party software, plugins, drivers, or devices.
I've done all of the above already. Sensors work perfectly, and they have me calibrated for the right height inside of oculus home. It's just inside of apps that it's effed up.
Yeah, I just re-did that. I made sure to hold it at eye level. Here's the funny part. When I did the initial setup and got to the step to put on the headset (when the cameras scan your face), I was really close to the ground, but then it adjusted once the cameras started the scan. But Superhot (and other games) still think i'm low to the ground. I don't get why my height won't adjust when I do a reset view... It used to work perfectly. I used to be able to squat down during reset if I wanted the view to be heigher. They've really dumbed things down with the update...
I've re-run setup multiple times. I've never put the headset on the floor or set height to zero.
I've re-run setup multiple times. I've moved the cameras multiple times. I've updated the firmware. I've played with floor height settings. I've tried "cheating" by adjusting the cameras after it's been set up. I've tried everything.
I've tried everything. When I reset my view, all it does it put me in the center of the room, it doesn't adjust my height like it used to.

My height is perfectly calibrated in Oculus Home and on the "pause menu" that pops up when I press the oculus button.

I've tried adjusting the floor height in oculus settings, but this does nothing for in-game...


No, It's all within the Oculus app.

I've adjusted the floor height all the way up to 8 feet (making me very tall in the oculus home) but I'm still only 2 feet off the ground in Superhot or any other game....
> I got the impression

Then you, like lots of other people, never actually read any of the articles or Apple's official statement. It has nothing to do with the age of the phone. The phone is constantly analyzing the battery's peak voltage. If it is less than what's needed for peak CPU speeds, then it throttles the CPU.

**If you have an old phone and replace your bad battery, you will be back to 100% performance.**
Lots of people do have old phones that turn off at 30-40%.
I wasn't able to view the Rep's statement, the youtube link you provided is removed.

Edit: I also don't know why the 5 year SOL is worth mentioning. That's for the criminal offense of improper entry. They can still be deported after the 5 years.
Check the battery health using one of the apps.
It's just how lithium ion batteries act, unfortunately. They degrade pretty quickly.
Yes. Depending on your phone and technical abilities, you should just buy the $25 ifixit kit and do it yourself.
http://blogs.findlaw.com/blotter/2014/07/is-illegal-immigration-a-crime-improper-entry-v-unlawful-presence.html

I found this link helpful. Improper Entry (e.g. jumping the border) *IS* a crime, punishable by time in prison. Unlawful Presence (e.g. overstaying a visa) is unlawful and has *civil* penalties associated with it. The penalties include detention and deportation.

Both acts **are illegal** but they simply have different penalties. **Unlawful presence is illegal.** Plain and simple. 
Do you have a link? Don't doubt you, just would like to see it.
> Apple purposely hid what they were doing

Apple (and any other OS) "hides" the great majority of what they do. Your phone doesn't throw a giant message when it throttles due to heat from gaming. It doesn't let you know when the screen brightness was turned down due to an overheated display driver. 

I 100% wish they would have mentioned it in their OS release notes, but to say that they purposely "hid" this is disingenuous. Your OS does thousands of things a day that are "hidden"
This is literally the reason Apple pushed out the update. It monitors battery voltage and doesn't let the processor go above a clock that would draw more voltage than the battery can supply. 

It's why replacing the battery restores the processor to full speed.
> the phone randomly dies anywhere from 30%-70% battery life

... Which is exactly what Apple is trying to prevent with their throttling. 
Yeah, I understand that the eye is a great place to measure glucose the really complicated part is placing an electronic sensor (and transmitter) on the surface of the eye.
> Don't come at me with that "their mere presence here is illegal" bullshit. It isn't that simple.

Lol, it actually is. If you have overstayed your visa, you are here illegally. Your mere presence in the country is an illegal act. But, due to limited federal resources, they will often not deport those who haven't committed severe crimes. But the feds do have every right to deport any person who is not in the country lawfully. This is the standard of any first-world country that I'm aware of.
Illegal immigrants can and do benefit from **state-level** social programs. It is also not impossible to benefit from federal programs using fake identification (a big business in states with large immigrant populations). 
Using contacts also introduces its own complexities, though.
> Dexcom

idk about Dexcom, but Tim Cook and other Apple execs have said that Health is one of the few frontiers for Apple that can contribute significant revenue to their business.
You're being downvoted because even if it's $1,000 it will save diabetics money. It's also worth noting how much Apple has been working with the insurance companies lately. I wouldn't be surprised at all if the band was "free" for customers through their insurer.
They totally will. I have done something similar for multiple apple products.

I had a day-one Apple Watch and ended up not liking the leather loop (too sweaty). No questions asked, they sent me a Milanese Loop in full retail packaging for free, only asking that I send back the leather loop.
All we're trying to tell you is that your "test" is doing more harm than good.
Block diagrams are a specific type of schematic.


Edit: I’m not referring to an *electronics* schematic. I’m using the word in the general sense. 
10 gigabit is 10/8= 1.25 gigabytes per second. Each pcie lane is approximately 1GB/s so the ethernet really just needs two lanes instead of four. 

But yes, it is directly using COU pcie lanes because it would otherwise saturate bandwidth needed by the SSD. 
It’s not “his”, it’s an official document he has access to through his employment. He did mention that both SSDs are hardware encrypted and bound to the individual iMac Pro. Meaning that if somebody opened up your machine and stole your solid-state drives, they would not be able to read any of the data on them.
So far he's called everyone asking for that a fanboy, so I think it's unlikely.
If you think we're wrong, why do you run another test with the top two phones in the bottom of your mount? It doesn't matter how tightly you mounted the cameras, this is basic physics. Based on the way you've mounted them, the top phones should be experiencing at least 3-4x as much shaking. That could easily push them past the limits of physics OIS, at which point the function disengages entirely. 

By example, if the Note 8 is experiencing +/- 1mm of vibration, it can counter it. If the iPhone X is experiencing 4mm, it can't do anything about it due to the physical constraints of OIS. 

Also, in your photo the Mate and iPhone are touching, which will cause reverberations and worsen the effect. 

If you're going to do a "scientific" test, you should put in a full effort, otherwise you're doing your readers a *disservice*. 
Yeah, I noticed it's only using 28 lanes. Are we sure that series of chips support 48 lanes? I was thinking 32, which would still be less than utilized. 
Yeah, I'm a little surprised they didn't do a separate board purely to simplify the supply chain. I guess if the CPU is socketed (it is) and the RAM/SSDs are socketed, the only fixed part on the mobo is the GPU. 
Yeah, they are practically bottle necked by the x4 connection. If something else (e.g. WiFi, or anything else on the PCH) is using bandwidth to the CPU/TB3 ports then performance will drop.

Meanwhile the 10 gig Ethernet has a full 4 lanes when it really only needs two. 

I don’t think Intel makes a **6 lane PCH** but they really need one for professional scenarios like this. 
Nothing else from recent machines. A couple old macs, but it's not interesting.
It's also worth noting that the schematic shows a 120w CPU [instead of 140w], which aligns with the b-rating of the chips that have shown up in geekbench results so far. It appears that Intel is supplying Apple with lower-power variants of their new Xeons. It's likely that these are high-binned chips that can provide good performance with lower TDP to meet the constraints of the chassis. Many on /r/amd also suspect that AMD is providing Apple with top binned chips to meet thermal constraints.  
It depends on the intent of the diagram. I believe that these *might* be for technicians. 
The SOC is Apple's custom silicon and the dual SSDs are encrypted by it.
[Here](https://i.imgur.com/WEDz0lL.png) is the 2013 Mac Pro if you're curious.
You're reading it wrong. They directly support TB and USB 3.1 through the x4 connection to the CPU. USB 2.0 (for backward compatibility) is done through the PCH.
One controller per two ports is standard. It does mean that bandwidth to other components will be limited, though.
From a user on another Apple forum who has repeatedly posted very reliable schematics of various Apple products.
I tend to leave a quick answer, and then provide more feedback if they respond. 
If you really want to test it, set the balance back to center and turn on Mono audio in accessibility settings. That will make the output the exact same for both headphones.
Go into the settings. There is an option for what emails you want to be synced. you can set this for different lengths of time.
It's probably just getting enough of a voltage to tell the phone to boot up.

Clean out the port, and let the phone sit there plugged in for a while.
Clean out your charging port first. Even if it looks empty, stick a needle or something thin in there.

How do you know it's charging when it's off? iPhones don't charge when they are off. The second you plug an iphone in it turns on.
> I do have my output shifted slightly to the right

There's your answer. The right earpod is playing sounds louder than the left, hence the extra battery drain.
Most music you listen to is stereo, meaning they are not outputting the same sound. It's possible that they music/podcasts you listen to aren't exactly balanced.

I really wouldn't worry about a 1-3% difference.
It has nothing to do with the cost of the phone. It's all about the abuse the battery takes. iPhones are commonly used in extreme weather conditions and are charged/discharged rapidly. The watch and laptops charge and discharge very slowly. It isn't some different technology. It's just chemistry.
Oh, i missed that post. I wonder what conditions his phone was under when he checked. Because even my X throttles down when the battery is hot. I just checked this while fast charging and using Waze at the same time. The phone was pretty warm, the battery wouldn't charge past 80% (apple discloses this) and the cpu was throttled down.


If a 84% battery phone is permanently throttled under any conditions, that's BS.
They are? Has anyone shown that they are being permanently throttled with a 80%+ battery? 
There isn’t a solution that I’m aware of. They don’t let you set the cache size like they do with Apple Music. 
I made that other post a few weeks ago. This has been happening to me too and it’s extremely frustrating. I have over 50GB of free space on my phone. My photos cache should be at least 10GB. 
“Faulty” implies a manufacturing defect. If the phone is shutting down when the battery should still be healthy, that would be a faulty battery. But after the battery is through the 500 rated cycles, is going to start acting sporadically. That is just a fact for all lithium ion batteries. Pete voltages can easily draw too much on the battery and cause the phone to shut down. This happens with every smart phone.
It's not necessarily "faulty." Batteries naturally go bad over time. If the battery has problems *before* it's run through the rated number of cycles (500) then it's faulty. Otherwise it's just doing what batteries normally do.
Lol if you don't think other OEMs have problems with their phones turning off.
It IS normal behavior. A phone consists of many parts that all work together and adjust their performance based on sensor readings.

Your phone throttles when it gets too hot. Your phone turns down the max screen brightness when the display driver overheats. 

Your phone doesn't use the zoom camera if it's too dark out. Your phone charges slower if it's too hot. 

YES, apple should have told people about throttling phones with bad batteries. But doing it so that people's phones don't turn off when they try to open the camera is a GOOD thing.
The box literally says it's rated for 18 hours.
Inflating is actually the *safe* way for a battery to "fail." The alternative is thermal runaway aka explosion/fire.
The best is to keep it between 20% and 80%. But this is hard to achieve, unfortunately.
Getting a totally new device when your's is having problems is not abnormal at all in the apple world. My iPhone 5 had a sticky lock button.

I personally know many people who have gotten brand new new-version laptops due to problems with their old macbook. If you go on the forums you'll see it isn't rare at all.
A third-party repair shop will be happy to do it for cheap.
Imgur *should* be using HTTPS, which means IT can only see the Imgur domain, not the specific website.
Yes. Letting the tax cuts expire for individuals is the only way that the bill doesn't increase the deficit by more than $1.5T.
Are we sure it was fan made? It seems way too good.
Why is this a problem on so many vehicles?? It's clearly a weak point that could use some reinforcement. More than 1/4 of the entire vehicle weight constantly stressing that thin piece of pressed steel... The mind boggles.
Would you rather have them have their phone shut off randomly when they launch the camera with less than 60% battery? That’s the other option. Apple chose to throttle the phones instead of having people’s phones shut off randomly. Neither is optimal, but one is better than the other. 
yes.. they are. The kit is $25 and not hard to do at all. The newer phones are a little more difficult because of the double sided tape holding the edges of the screen down, but it's still not hard.
Sorry, that was a typo. I meant ios 10
The headline isn't even accurate. They throttle old phones that have bad batteries to prevent them from shutting down randomly. This only happens on a small percentage of phones, per the geek bench results. If you put in a new battery there is zero throttling.
Just look at the geekbench history. It did start with iOS 10.2, and not before.
Can’t you set it in settings to not fast charge? The fact of the matter is charging a phone at over 1C degrades the battery very quickly. 
That’s new to me. They also claim insane battery life so I wonder if that figures only 50% battery use per day. 

I’m also assuming that figure means no fast charging. 

Battery degradation is non-linear, as well. 
It all has to do with charge rate. 500 cycles to 80% life is extremely common. I'm not aware of any cell phone companies that advertise higher. In fact, many mfgs get lower total cycle count due to fast charging. Tests show that if you always fast charge your phone, you're looking at more like 250 cycles before the battery only holds 80% of its original maximum.

Apple rates their laptops and apple watches for 1,000 cycles. Not because they use a difference chemistry, but because they charge and discharge slower than a phone.
Yes, it would reset. The Algo is just looking at battery voltage.
It's not a recall, lith-ion batteries are only rated for about 500 charges. While I agree that apple should have been public about this from the beginning, it's reasonable that they thought it was better to occasionally throttle a device than let millions of people's phones turn off randomly
I swear everthing's illegal in China.
130k after taxes, mortgage, and kids is definitely not "quite wealthy." Yes, it's a lot more than many get by with, but it's not that much money. It's roughly double the Cook County median household income.
I think the fact alone that the supposed static force field hasn't been harnessed for (a) military use and (b) manufacturing shows that it's not true.

I'm not denying there was some wacky EM field or something, but a a lot of static electricity is just a high electrical potential that should just manifest itself as a huge spark when someone or something grounded approaches it.
Try restarting. It is absolutely 100% the cause. 3 MH/s is the exact value you get when optimise for compute isn't set up right. Also make sure it's set for performance mode or whatever.
Is it that bad? It's only throttling to where it goes when in battery saver mode. Shouldn't be that noticeable. 
I agree that they should have a pop-up about it. "Your battery needs replacing and you may experience decreased performance when your phone is unplugged" or something like that.
Try running geekbench instead.

Would you rather have a phone that shuts off at 50% when you launch the camera? That's the only other option, unfortunately (other than just getting a new battery).
You're missing the point. Many of the 6s actually have a bad battery, that cause the voltage to drop below operational levels when the battery is below a certain charge level. By throttling the SOC (and the display brightness, I bet) they can prevent the voltage from dropping to a level that shuts the phone off.

With an iPhone 8, the battery isn't faulty and can maintain an operational voltage accross all charge levels without throttling. 
Raise to wake was great, but tap to wake is an awesome secondary feature. I use them both depending on the situation.
Well, I'm making $80-90 a month with two 970s. If I had to pay for electricity I would still be making $50 a month. That isn't "worthless" in my book, especially since I already had the cards.

Edit: I'm thinking about switching to zcash. Do you recommend a good mining pool? I've really liked ethermine's interface and payout system. Ideally i'd like zcash to payout in ether or bitcoin, since coinbase/gdax don't support zcash.
Thanks. That is what I figured. I knew that a difficulty increase shouldn't effect hashrate, but the DAG size increase makes sense.
Literally none of those are helpful. They either say "970's are shit for mining" or just have comments linking to OTHER threads.

I don't care in the hashrate decreases as difficulty increases, I just want to make sure i'm not doing something wrong.
3.2 MH/s is because you haven't turned on "optimise for compute performance" in nvidia settings.
It's not smart. It's politics 101. It's the same reason the Republicans voted a million times to repeal obamacare despite knowing he would veto.
FWIW I found the sound quality to be much worse than the wired apple headphones and any volume level more than 50%. I returned them because of it, despite really liking the design.
If the RAM thing turns out not to be your problem, make sure your machine isn't in **power saver mode.** Mine was somehow and it wouldn't let my 6600k go above 0.80 GHz despite an active overclocking profile.
It’s not even petty, it’s just a search for the right answer.
The timeline isn’t long at all. Many rumors said that the project was in the EXTREMELY early stages (e.g. drawings on paper) at the time of the original press interview. From paper to delivered product easily takes a couple years. 


And let’s be honest: it IS going to be a unique machine. Apple will never ever ever release an ATX Tower that happens to run Mac OS. It just won’t happen. 
Also remember how quickly the internet has changed in recent years. Almost no one had an iPhone when Obama was elected. Netflix streaming didn't come about until late 2008! 

VERY quickly the ISPs got mad that people were watching shows online and started threatening Netflix and others. They didn't mess before because they had no reason to. When online streaming came out they had two options: innovate and compete, or use their near-monopoly position to stifle smash their competition. 

Imagine if your electricity provider limited how many hours a day your could have your TV on unless you buy a TV from the brand that they own.
Correct. The iPhone will actually bypass the batter and power the phone directly from the charger. You can power an iphone with no battery in it with the charger alone.
Wow, lots of deleted comments. This is actually something I know a lot about.

The short answer is it's better to keep it charged between "low" (whatever number you're comfortable with) up to ~80%. After 80%, the phone switches from [Constant Current (CC) to Constant Voltage (CV)](http://www.fveaa.org/fb/cccv-color_380.jpg) and the efficiency drops off quite a bit.

The way you can *really* be more efficient is to only use a 1-amp battery charger. This is because the resistive losses when charging are equal to R times the current **squared** (P_loss = R x I^2). For example, a standard 1-amp 5-volt iPhone brick provides 5X1=5 watts of power. The resistive losses when charging are R (we don't know this value) times 1 amp squared. That means the power lost to resistance 1R watts. Now let's use a 2.4-amp 5-volt charger (the highest speed supported by an iPhone, I believe). The power lost to resistance will now be R X (2.4)^2 = **5.8**R watts! So to charge the phone 2.4 times faster (during the constant current stage, so less than 80%), we are losing 5.8 times as much energy to frictional losses! Not good! Alternatively, if your phone supports charging at higher voltages, use one of those. For example, at 1-amp 10-volts, it will charge in half the time as the 5-volt charger and reducing the resistive losses by 50%!

My battery brick has two ports: a 1-amp port and a 2.4-amp port. I have found that it lasts significantly longer when I use the 1 amp port.

This is all I'll say for now, feel free to ask for clarification.

TL;DR Only charge it between ~10% and 80%, and don't use a high-amperage charger (they will charge your phone fast but waste a lot of power).
^^^

You lose so much heat to the air with a gas range. With induction, all of that energy is going to the coil. 
FWIW I am also an engineer and I tested this with my mini-fridge and a power monitor. The mini fridge when completely full of beverages used tens of percents less energy. over a ~1-2 week period. It also increased in efficiency significantly when I pulled it a couple inches away from the wall so that the radiator (passively cooled) can better cool via convection.


The best analogy I can think of is that the cans act as a mass with a lot of momentum, akin to a fully loaded train. 
You’re taking about premium channels that cost extra every month. I’m talking about all of the mainstream channels. If you want to watch a show from MTV, TBS, USA, etc you have to wait to watch it online. And you can’t skip commercials. I’m not trying to defend cable, I’m just saying why people like it. 
I was more reffering to being able to record live content and shows that air on cable and watch them immediately after. I cannot watch shows that just aired on TV on the streaming platforms for 24-48 hours if I missed the inital airing. I also have to watch ads that cannot be skipped. I know this isn't true for content that originates online.

I agree that streaming as many benefits, but there are still benefits to traditional cable, and it will be around for a while.
Lots of people now watch Netflix and other online services, but they still also watch Cable. IMO, cable is still a better interface for a lot of people. you aren't switching between 10 different apps, you can record shows and have them right there, etc.

I generally despise the cable companies' crappy business tactics, but live TV (and sports) are still extremely popular and won't go away for a long time. I think streaming will take over some day, but for now people like having their cable box.
Hahaha. Netflix only did $8B last year. Youtube is hard to say, and not a direct competitor to Cable in many respects. Hulu is OWNED by the cable networks. ALL of Amazon Prime only does $6.4B a year, and most people do not have that primarily for Prime Video.
Any first year law student can tell you about Motions in Limine. Any attorney who isn't in some hyper-specific non-court-facing field can also tell you. There are some comments above now that make some great analogies.
> there's no way

You gotta realise that apple store employees are just retail employees, not engineers. It's possible that they demoed that both faces unlocked it and the employee shrugged and accepted the return.
Apple specifically stated that the AI was trained on billions of images from people all around the world. It's not like 4 apple employees just pointed it at eachother and called it a day.
Blade attachment for the motor cycle???
Because people like OP are willing to pay for it, plain an simple. If you can buy a mother-effing new car with an engine (and a million other components that are to significantly tighter tolerances than this glorified dresser) for less, then you gotta admit you're getting played.

Don't get me wrong, I spend money on stupid stuff too. But it always seems crazy when it's a different category.

To each their own, I guess.
Thanks for the correction. How much thicker is a 5w-30 than a 5w-20? Also, what about the fact that dirty oil is quite a bit thicker than fresh oil? All of the videos i've seen online show how much the viscosity of oil changes throughout its life that I had a hard time imagining that a slightly more viscous motor oil would be detrimental to the engine.
At first he's like "y u do dis" and then he's like "oh... nice."
He definitely did. The other boy with short hair kept pointing back and forth between them.
It only happens when you are moving a dark grey object across a black background. It's noticeable when it happens, but I've found that to be a rare situation.
Give it to me baby.
SAE 30 is a single-grade oil so it makes more sense to me that it could cause problems. That's interesting about you losing so much mileage!
Edit: I'd like to say I've gotten quite a few replies telling me that a thicker-than-recomended oil will not get to all areas of the engine as well. *Obviously* you should use the recommended oil; I was more wondering about an emergency situation.

Does the oil rating really matter than much? The 0W-rating just means it will stay relatively thin at 0 degrees Celcius compared to a 5W. 

I'm pretty sure any consumer car will run just fine in non-freezing temps with just about anything between a 0W16 and 10W30

Someone please correct me if i'm wrong.
I was in Alaska in the summer once and tried to watch the sunset. Around 1AM I realized it just dipped down, touched the horizon, and came back up.
I clicked reply before he edited and left the window open for a while. 

It doesn't matter that peripherals are a small cost relative to the overall package. I'm just saying that if you're going to compare what's in the box with the imac to a DIY PC, you should include everything. 

Whether or not you think TB3 is "worth it" is a moot point. The imac includes it, so if you're going to build a rig with similar IO, then you have to include it. It's the best way to get 40gb connectivity to the machine, which is huge for external raids.
You missed my point. He didn't include a ton of stuff that adds considerable cost. And when I commented his comment didn't mention adding a display for a total of 7500.

No intel mobo has four TB3 ports (and I'm not aware of any xeon boards that have *any* TB3 ports) so you'll have to add a card.

My point is his estimate excludes like $500-$1,000 worth of stuff *and* a 5k display. That is all i'm saying.


You picked a motherboard without thunderbolt

You didn't add 128GB of DDR4 **ECC** RAM

You didn't add a 10gigabit networking card

You didn't pick a 5K display (or similarly well-calibrated 4k display)

You didn't add a keyboard and mouse/trackpad.

You didn't add any sound system

You didn't add a 1080p webcam


---


Obviously a home-built PC has some advantages over an all in one, but if you're doing a direct comparison, the imac isn't badly priced at all.

edit: he's added a comment below mentioning that he excluded those things.
Everyone keeps recommending 3rd party apps, but why don't you use the **built-in keychain?**

It works for all apps and websites and syncs with your mac if you have one. You can view and edit your passwords in the Settings app and it automatically generates strong passwords for you, and asks you to add passwords to your keychain.


Is this true even (1) when not in portrait mode and (2) when no human faces are in the shot?
It's local time machine backups, guaranteed.
My buddy's Great Dane runs 13 miles a day!
They specifically defend this by saying that "God works through non-Christians."
Even the link above to the $90 soap says that it's soybean oil and "fibril."
Breh clean your toilet more often. It only takes 30 seconds once a week. Squirt that toilet stuff in there and hit it with the brush. 
Yeah, too new still. It’ll hopefully expand soon. Lots of good use cases. I wish they had supported it from the beginning. 
Not true. It’s now openly available as of iOS 11. 
And many of them perform worse in scientific testing than even the DAC built into an iphone 6.
to be fair, even samsung's attorneys at trial couldn't tell the different when held at arm's length.
FYI the iphone has gotten thicker for the last 4 consecutive versions...
(I don't own the phone) but the thing that bothers me whenever I use my friend's is that the sides of the screen have a permanent glare and color distortion/blue shift. It looks so cool in ads and on displays, but I really don't get the point of curving the screen like that.
Qualcomm brags all the time about finding ways to do things (that never hit the market). Under screen fingerprint readers were supposed to be in every high end android phone this year.
An industrial engineer pointed out that LMT also has a bunch of Apple's custom CNC machines at their facility. Liquid metal will/would be great for the phones, but it's still really hard to make large pieces consistently.
It sounds like the "hacker" has to have an iDevice logged into your iCloud account for this to work. 
I honestly can't compare it to OS3 (don't really remember), but it's way faster than 4.0.

I just want the cards back from OS1. It made it so easy to change songs/volume etc. 
When most people say "interest" they mean a financial interest. I don't own bitcoin, or any financial instrument tied to it (like options). I'm cashed out and whatever happens from here on out is just interesting on a personal level.
I cashed out last week and have no interest at all. I have no idea what this relationship shows. I just find it interesting that the original 220 crash (as well as the 1k, 3k, etc) all follow a similar path.
FYI I am NOT trying to imply anything from these images. I was just playing around on coindesk, looking at past crashes and noticed that the "first" crash @$220 has an extremely similar profile to the current bitcoin price trend.

I cashed out last week and have no skin in the game, so this is really just an intellectual exercise for me.
That's what's so hilariously stupid about this. There are plenty of negative aspects of crypto-currency, but she zeroed in on one of the few things that crypto is *not*.
> It's not hard knowledge to absorb and grasp either.

The whole point of an economy in which people specialize (and others pay them for their specialty) is that each individual doesn't need to be an expert in a million fields.

You think that automotive stuff "isn't hard to absorb" but that's just one of many fields.

What if you went to the doctor and they told you you needed multiple expensive procedures that you didn't need? Is it *your fault* that you don't know as much as a medical professional? No. That doctor would be sued out of existance and likely thrown in jail. But in the automotive world (and some other trades as well) it's accepted.
I posted this on another comment:

The problem is all the shops that DO upsell. How is a normal consumer who doesn't know shit about cars supposed to know the difference? I went to a shop that told me I needed all new brakes, a $500+ job. I called my cousin who is a mechanic and he had me buy the parts ($150 or so) and that he would change them. He got the wheels off and lo and behold, my brakes were totally fine. Rotors had no grooving, and the brake pads had a ton of pad left on them. He said he wouldn't change them for 10s of thousands of more miles. I've gone 25k more on those brakes with no problems.
The problem is all the shops that DO upsell. How is a normal consumer who doesn't know shit about cars supposed to know the difference? I went to a shop that told me I needed all new brakes, a $500+ job. I called my cousin who is a mechanic and he had me buy the parts ($150 or so) and that he would change them. He got the wheels off and lo and behold, my brakes were totally fine. Rotors had no grooving, and the brake pads had a ton of pad left on them. He said he wouldn't change them for 10s of thousands of more miles. I've gone 25k more on those brakes with no problems.
The graphics here are great, but I really don't get why he so strongly prefers the pixel 2 even when it's clearly not doing as good of job in some scenarios.

For example, [at the 5:43 mark](https://youtu.be/xhybjeRciYg?t=343) he says the pixel 2 is the best at variable-strength blur. The pixel is *clearly* worse than the Note or iPhone. It doesn't blur the asphalt floor, and the clur strength on the brick wall is the exact same all the way back, where as the iphone and note both increase the amount of blur.

C'mon Marques ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
The 256GB iphone X does **1,213 MB/s** reads, **536 MB/s** writes in Passmark.

The 128GB iphone 7 can do 800 MB/s reads. Also, it's hard to compare using those two links because they are using different benchmarking tools. Ideally someone would make a simple sequential read/write app that works on both platforms.
Especially one with an opaque wrapper... Extra shady.
It wouldn't be gambling because you are guaranteed to get back at least as much simcash as you put in.
Isn't that slower than the Toshiba/Samsung NVMe that Apple's been using for? The 256 GB iphone 7 was 856MB/s read 341MB/s write.
Modern SSDs can easily sustain 1-3 **GB**/s, whereas even quick HDDs are ~150MB/s, or 1/10th the speed.

HDDs are also much worse at random read, since you literally have to move an arm around to different places.
Cook himself said they are, in not so many words.
Very hard to say, but a small fraction. They are building in a ton of other costs (amortization, free patient care to the poor, etc) and the fact that they know insurers only pay out a fraction.
It doesn't.

Let's use some easy numbers. Hospital admits patient, costing the hospital $100. The person they treated has insurance. The hospital knows that the insurance company only ever pays out 10% what the hospital bills them. The hospital then bills $1000 (10X) so that they will actually recover their costs (plus maybe a tiny bit of extra profit).

The hospital is also trying to recover the cost of the many, many, many patients they treat for *free*. 

The only numbers that are really accurate to the hospital's costs are the labour, equipment, and supplies-related costs. It's very reasonable they had to pay out $500 worth of pay to the employees involved in the birth. The use of medical equipment is expensive because you amortize the cost of the machine over its useful life. If a MRI machine costs $3 million over its lifetime to buy/operate, and it will only service 1,000 patients, then you have to charge each patient $3,000 for each use.


I agree, but as people on a tech forum we are at odds with most consumers. As it turns out, that giant wall of glowing screens with ***4K!*** AND ***HDR*** AND ***SMART*** AND ***240 HZ*** convinces a lot of people to buy new TVs very often.
It seems crazy to me too, but it is what the data show. I've had my main tv for 5 years so far and won't probably replace it unless HDR/OLED prices come way down.
There is a black bar next to each white bar.
Use Edge or Safari if you are on Mac. Your battery and eyeballs will thank you.
People love portrait mode. It gives you a "good enough" simulation of an expensive camera's DoF. I also get a telephoto lense as a bonus. Dual cameras (at least as implemented by Apple) is really great.
As is true for any asset commonly financed... I suspect people will buy way fewer houses and cars if financing isn't offered as well.
FYI the average turnover on TVs in the US is about 3-4 years, and the average total lifetime of an iphone is 4-5 years (typically across two owners).
> the most expensive smartphone on the market

The Motorola brick phone cost $10,000 in 2017 dollars. Anyone who's been around long enough knows how insanely cheap tech has gotten. Desktop computers in the late 80's early 90's cost more than a car.
hahahahha. So much faith that if he just puts his arms up and falls forward that he'll do a cartwheel.
> 4 megapixels is 2240x1680

lol that's just not true. that is 3.7M pixels which is close enough that companies call their cameras 4MP when the sensor is that resolution.


A megapixel is simply one million pixels. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pixel#Megapixel
Bro. A megapixel is one millions pixels. This gif is 200x315=63,000 = 0.063 megapixels.
0.06 megapixels*
I don't think it's even relevant; it's a pretty common need, especially in audio production or if you're plugged in to a sound system. For me, it's because I wear one EarPods at work so that I can hear if a coworker needs something. With stern a lot of audio gets sent to the other headphone i'm not wearing.

I know this falls under "the little things", but when there are *dozens*, it adds up.
Where? Is this only is the most recent builds? I just tried this a couple months ago and there was no solution without a third party tool. 
None of the answers will actually tell you why it should cost $15k, just why it's higher quality than a shitty toolbox. That's a big ole logical fallacy.

They are expensive because Mac can get people to spend that much money on a tool box. They are very high quality. But that doesn't mean that Mac doesn't have a FAT margin on them.

Even high quality bearings, forged parts, and "thick paint" only cost so much. 
I have to use both OSs on a daily basis and Windows drives me up the wall in so many ways. 

Examples:

* trackpad performance
* Editing a PDF (Try rearranging PDF pages on windows without paying for Adobe)
* Share your computer's ethernet connection over WiFi
* SCROLLING
* Spotlight search is god-tier compared to windows search
* Tabbed applications (windows has been getting this soon^tm for years)
* Display accomodations / Accessibility
* Find menu items in any application
* Searching for files / indexing
* View the size of folders
* Sorting folders
* Customizing folder views
* Connecting to printers
* Installing updates (or not)
* sudo
* Settings menu centralization
* Audio settings (you literally can't set Windows to Mono audio without third-party BS)
* Password management
* Handoff (although i'm told this kinda works with Android)
* Picture-in-Picture
* Texting from my mac on iPhone (I know they kinda have this for Android)
* Phone calls from my mac
* rename open files, move open files

Edit: I cleaned this up
I'm familiar with the New Deal. But what is the comic referring to? R's trying to undo the New Deal? When did this take place? What are the R's being reactionary to?
I agree. The article was trending, so I thought maybe the guy had some clout, but after a few searches it doesn't seem like it.

Rarely because it's a pain in the ass. I would switch between 1080 and 4k all the time if I could. If it's just a casual video 1080/30 is fine. But I leave it on 4k 30 all the time.
What’s even better is that they are already in the cloud so it doesn’t have to move them, just delete the local copies. 
> because music is much larger 

Please explain how 3MB songs are larger than 10MB+ images and 100MB+ videos. Also please explain how music would take any longer to download, being that both are hosted on Apple's servers. A song can start playing when only the first few seconds have downloaded, whereas an image is not viewable when only 5% has downloaded.

>ou must be really low on storage for your perception of it to be "too aggressive".

As I said in my post, I have more than 50GB of unused storage.


Okay, I just tested. I currently have more than 80mbps network speed over cellular. Despite that, it took Photos 9 seconds to load a photo I took 3 days ago. It then took another 10 seconds for it to "prepare" (and re-download it, for whatever reason) before I could actually text it someone.

So 20 seconds to do something that takes less than 1 second if the photo is local. 

And that's ignoring all of the times where it just throws an "error" and wont ever load the photo until i'm back on wifi.
What is this referencing?
No you can’t. Even 100% efficient window panels could not power a large city. You get less than 1000 Watts per square meter at 100%. 
next time it fails while you're laying on a pillow, don't change position. just type in your password without moving. It should work the next time.


It at least worked for me. 


I agree that I would like a wide angle or something. it can't always get me when its sitting on my desk.
idk why but this made me actually LOL.
https://tradeblock.com/blog/bitcoin-trading-interpreting-order-books/

Google is your friend.
Man, people can be so weird. Like, who even decides to wire a toy truck to a tree in the first place? And then hundreds more? 
I also got the 64, but the slow write speeds are a little disappointing compared to my 128gb 7. 
Protip: open the app store and go view your downloads history and scroll all the way to the bottom.


> or a dumb choice was made.

That's the root of the issue :)
There are [1,800 private universities with 4M enrolled students](https://www.infoplease.com/us/higher-education/number-us-colleges-and-universities-and-degrees-awarded-2005), so I think people would generally disagree with you.


Also a ton of public univs have tuition/fees north of 50k/yr for out-of-state students.
Out of state tuition at many *public* universities can hit $50k per year. 

Northwestern costs **$72k** per year.

Yes, I know that people get scholarships and awards. But many do pay more than 100k for their degree.
> the real way to get a job is through connections

Yes, and these can be made through on-campus networking events, employer luncheons, professor office hours, summer internships, etc.

The problem a lot of my friends had (even those in highly desired fields) was that they thought that a job was supposed to be plopped in front of them on a platter when they graduated. They didn't attend the major-specific career fairs, they didn't talk to their advisors, they didn't sign up for the internship opportunity alerts, etc.


>  college degree is basically a high school diploma 2.0

It's sad people treat it that way. A multi-hundred thousand dollar diploma.
I had so many friends who spent all of their time partying and studying that they never once thought about looking for internships in the summer or jobs after school.

Some of the blame may fall on the school's career counseling, but it's also on the individual to pursue actual jobs and out-of-school experience (ya know, the whole point of going to college).
Apple actually bought the company that made the original Kinect (PrimeSense).
I subscribe to them on Apple News, so I get their notifications often. Lots of click-baity anti-apple headlines.
On mobile, so sorry for the spelling errors and typos. 


I imagine that the viscosity of the bubble material and the shear force of the liquid plane traveling through the gas are important factors.

We typically use liquids containing surfactants (such as soap) to achieve a liquid with low surface tension and viscosity. 


I also think the upper limit is significantly less than the speed of sound in the material for a couple different reasons. First, when a bubble bursts the matter travels *around* the surface of the bubble, in a circle. This requires a change of momentum not required if the material is traveling in a straight line. Second, when a bubble bursts, all of the material goes *with* the “shock wave.” When sound travels through a material, there is just a slight movement of each molecule; the energy from one molecule is passed along to the next (minus some frictional losses). In a popped bubble on the other hand, all of the material “clumps” together moving at the same speed. This means that enough energy is needed to accelerate all of the atoms to some top speed. 


The best analogy I can think of is a train accelerating from a stop. In the ”speed of sound” case, the “speed” would be CLUNK CLUNK CLUNK of each train car’s hitch getting pulled taught. This happens really quickly and the CLUNk travels all the way to the last car in almost no time. In the bubble example, we have to accelerate all of the actual train cars to some top speed. 



TD;DR I have no idea how to calculate the top speed outside of experimentation, but I am guessing that it is significantly less than the speed of sound in the material. Like 1-3 orders of magnitude less. 
Or we’re just inside of a battery. 
Nope. It’s just software. 
Apps like Facebook are properly supported, meaning that everything is inverted except for photos and videos. 


Unfortunately, Instagram does not support this functionality. I think it has something to do with them “protecting” images so that you can’t save them. 
Thanks. As I said, I’m not well versed in this area.

Am I reading the citation properly? “It shall **not** be unlawful . . . for a person . . . to intercept . . . oral . . . communication where **one of the parties** has given prior consent . . . Unless such communication is intercepted for the purpose of committing any criminal act.” 

If we assume for a moment that her child has consented, and that the recordings were not made for the purpose of committing a criminal act, where is the fault here? What if I record a conversation between a friend and I in a park (I consent) and the microphone picks up the conversation of nearby individuals? 
They pretty much look like the regular apple headphones but with the cords cut off.
But dat new processor means better battery life and long support cycle. 

It'd be baller if they'd put a OLED panel in there. Bezels are plenty big to support a fairly low-cost samsung panel.
Believe it or not the X is 0.1mm thicker than the SE. Never would have thought. 
I was going to write a reply about your bad logic but then I saw how actively you post in /r/libertarian and /r/conspiracy.
I am not well versed in the law around x-party consent, but I think the mother has a pretty strong argument around no expectation of privacy.
Where did you see that the students were unpaid? Not bashing, just haven't seen any article claiming they were not paid, just that they worked more hours than 17 year olds are allowed to work.
Let me know if you're aware of another country that can spin up 500,000 works in one city, on demand.

I too wish they made all of their products in the states but it's an impossible standard not met by a single other large scale electronics manufacturer. You should be equally upset at msft and google, who make their products in the very same factories.
Thanks. Yes, I am referring to monolithic wafer transfer. I am/was not aware of any companies able to pick and place individual LEDs at a reasonable rate for high density scenarios. The only implimentation i've seen is for low-density panels like TVs and signage. The last paragraph in your article seems to support that. Are you aware of anyone that's currently doing pick-and-place for displays north of 300PPI? That would be great.
YES. I currently have to go through like three menus/clicks before I can get to Youtubes.
Thanks for the link. In the video they mention that the robotic placement process is placing individual mLEDs on a macro scale, and is used for large displays and signage. The video shows their sample with significant spacing between LEDs (only a couple pixels per square inch). Later in the video they discuss mLED being useful for wearables and AR, just as I've previously described. At no point in the video did they mention that it will be feasible to make at high densities at smartphone-sizes.


Addressing your initial comment about the robots, the tech in the video is placing *individual* LEDs. The method Apple is currently working on transfers the entire display LED array to a circuitry backplane. For example, you could cut 50 watch-sized arrays out of a wafer. The robot then transfers each array to a backplane. They are *not* combining multiple mLED subassemblies into one display. This would require extreme precision and zero dead pixel boundaries per array.
Wow, really? I thought it was great. Took me a long time to get 3 coins of every color on every level. I think $5 would be a better price, but I got hours an hours of fun out of it.
> I'm happy to pay $5 or $10

Unfortunately for you and I, they would rather make $0 off of you and $10,000 off of one obsessed guy/gal.
Yes it does. The microLEDs are manufactured on wafer and then placed on top of the connecting electronics. This is exactly what the current microLED fabs do. In order to make a display larger than a wafer you would have to combine pieces of microLED array from multiple wafers in an extremely precise fashion. The only alternative is to cut the wafer into a few hundred smaller squares of which a few dozen (roughly) would be combined to make a single smartphone display. This would be *really* expensive and complex. Current microLEDs cost on the order of $60+ per square inch.
 have researched microdisplays extensively. All of the companies manufacuring microLED displays are making them on wafer. You don't have to believe me. Just read any of the patent filings from any of the leading microdisplay manufacturers to understand what they are doing.
microLED displays are nothing like regular displays. MicroLED are manufactured on 300mm wafers.

https://www.google.com/patents/US9589944
microLED displays are manufactured on semiconductor wafers, which is comletely different than the process used to make LCD and OLED. This means that even at the largest wafer size currently used, you are only going to get a 3-5 iPhone screens per wafer. This would be *extremely* expensive, probably on the order of 10X current OLED prices. 

microLED are particularly advantageous for ultra-high density small displays, such as for AR/VR. Imagine a display the size of your thumb nail that is 3000 ppi and can get 2-3X as bright as any display you currently own. This is what microLED excels at. 


Edit for the downvotes: https://www.google.com/patents/US9589944

> In accordance with embodiments of the invention, micro arrays of semiconductor LED devices fabricated in accordance with wafer based processing can be transferred to existing and new thin film substrate technologies.\


The LEDs arrays are manufactured on wafers and then transfered to a TFT substrate for the actual data/power lines. This pick and place process is where the complexity with microLED really comes in.
Just look at his video history. His Apple videos consistently have 2x-3x as many views as the average. I don't blame him.
Per the linked comment,

>Samsung's has a cooler tint

Cooler = bluer = heavier use of blue subpixels.

I'm not saying that the Note 8 exhibits *bad* blue shift, just that in the Apple panel, Apple designed/optimized for minimal blueshift and high fill rate (one of these may be the result of the other).


There is little reason to think that the iphone panel is "the same" as the S8/Note 8 panels. Apple orders parts by the *hundreds of millions* which means they are able to achieve economies of scale even with custom components. This is why almost no chips/parts in an iphone are off the shelf. For example, even the NXP secure chip is a custom apple variant. Same for Sony camera sensors, Qualcom modem, etc.


The Note 8 is an excellent phone with an amazing screen (better than the X in some ways), but it's entirely possible that Apple was willing to pay Samsung Display (a different company than Samsung Mobile) more $$$ per display than Samsung Mobile was willing to pay for the Note 8. It's entirely possible Apple was willing to pay $200 per screen and Sammobile only $150, which would result in a panel that "beats" the Note 8 despite "Samsung" making both screens.
It's ironic that he uses an iphone and apple watch as his daily driver but then praises android all day long.

I honestly think it's just to rack up views, the internet loves to watch anti-apple videos. As far as that guy's comment about the mac videos, he's right. Linus' 1 month with a mac videos were horrendous. He didn't take a single second to learn how to use the OS and tried to morph OSX into Windows.
Lol that comment is the opposite of correct. A "bluer" tind means that the blue pixels are being used more than it would at a neutral/warm setting, and will lead to quicker burn in and screen degradation. The screen would have to be tinted to the warmer side (think night shift mode, or the what the Flux app does) to make it last longer. I'm not sure wher he gets his theory that Sammy tunes their displays to "last" while apple didn't. Apple is quoted as saying that they custom designed the display to minimize off angle blue shift and to maximize longevity. The Apple display is *not* the same as the S8 and has a very high fill factor, which means more organic material per square cm, which means higher brightness with less degredation at a given brightness level.
Most phone users will have no idea that there is even a setting to fix this. 
Apollo is the only app i've used where this seems to be broken.
DAMMIT. Now my suggested items is filled with Infant Circumcision Trainers and weird sex toys. 
Prime /r/behindthegifs material.
The correct answer is no. The web page for the Exynos SOC says that it supports 40k60 encode/decode, but that’s it. 
1 minute of regular 4K 60 is 400 MB. An all white video would be significantly less. 
https://i.imgur.com/5QnndaO.jpg

Sauce
The Cars series was more of a vessel for car-based Disney merch. Doesn’t bother me much, actually. 

I’m really thinking the all star production cast can pull out another good movie. There’s really no excuse given the budget and timeframe to write a great script. 
Thanks for the source. I was basing my answer if the Otto Cycle, but in further reading I see that the idea Otto cycle is 56% to 61%. 
The “perfect” combustion engine efficiency is significantly less than 50%. That is a TON of waste energy (mostly heat) that has to be dealt with via exhaust and radiators that suck a ton if air. Modern electric motors easily achieve 90%+ efficiency. There is of course also the resistive losses in the batteries. 


One thing the Roadster has going for it is literally double the battery capacity of the S, giving it a lot more mass to absorb the heat. 
You called a phone with two giant bezels an “edge to edge” screen. That sounds like trolling to me. I don’t think the U11 looks bad per se, but it looks a lot like other android phone designs and the color options aren’t my favorite. 
"Most fragile *iphone*" which is (1) very different than most fragile *phone* and (2) probably not true considering the iPhone 4/s was all glass and didn't benefit from modern glass tech. I dropped my 4s literally 3 inches onto a sidewalk (was sitting down) and the back shattered. I've dropped by X from full height onto tile which no problems.
> Htc u11

I'll take the troll bait. The U11 looks like an iphone 6/7/8 and has [huge bars at the top and bottom](https://icdn3.digitaltrends.com/image/htc-ull-review-8-1500x1000.jpg?ver=1) (The moto also has [huge bezels](https://www.motorola.com/sites/default/files/library/us/products/moto-z-force-edition-gen-2/08-10-17/moto-z2force-edition-camera-selective-focus-b-d-us.jpg)). It only has one camera. It has a poorly calibrated LCD isntead of OLED. It can't shoot 4K 60fps. The battery has slightly more mAh, which does *not* mean it lasts longer. It doesn't have a force-sensitve screen. It doesn't have a 3D face sensor. It has an 835 which is significantly slower than A11. It probably wont get updates for more than a year.

It *does* have a fingerprint sensor and you can squeeze the sides, which is nice.


I spend more time on Android subs than this one, and my biggest pet peeve is people who list of ten different android phones that each match one feature of an iphone. Android phone A has an edge-to-edge screen, phone B has dual cameras, etc. 

Lol. I would be happy if 2027 Nintendo is using PS4 pro/ Xbox one X hardware. 
Don’t get be wrong. I love BOTW and have played over 100 hours. The *art direction* is awesome, but the game would do much better on faster hardware. Just look at the guys running modded versions in 4K on PC. I understand it isn’t supposed to be realistic, but it’s annoying how low the draw/load distance is, and how low poly and resolution a lot of objects are. An example of really well done art with good graphics is Wind Waker HD. 


Example: I use my slate to zoom in down in a ravine below me. Everything is clear, nothing is down there. Then when I glide down and get about 50 ft from the ground an entire enemy camp appears. This is really annoying to me and makes it less fun to climb up a mountain since the perspective is mostly useless.
?
I love me some Zelda BOTW, but I would love it even more if it had graphics 25% as good as this game. 
Right after I wrote my comment I saw some other comments pointing out a similar idea. I think this is totally right, and fits this show's "realistic" vibe much more than a time machine. I like the theory that Eliot's dad's "mind" is inside of him and is malfunctioning. Awesome idea! I should probably stop reading this sub, so I dont get things spoiled like the jail concept of season 2..
White rose is obsessed with time. Angela has been hinting at some way to bring back their parents, such as a time machine. Angela asked irving if he believed white rose and he said that all sorts of modern inventions were thought to be impossible before.


It would also explain the radiation.
Craigslist is the way to go. Accept cash or crypto only (unless you can verify they are legitimate enough to use Venmo/Chase), meet at a police station.
I've said this before, but they are trying to imitate the ultra-short DOF you get from a 85MM portrait lense. The depth field the phone generates has 9 levels, and they are clearly blurring all levels but one. I think they should change it to 2-3 levels.

There are third-party apps that let you play with this setting already, so it would be an easy fix.
He's been calling the Note 8 brighter since before the X was even released. I don't really know why he keeps saying that. Maybe because samsung advertises 1000 nits (at 10% APL) while Apple advertises 635 nits (at 100% APL)?
This is what it's doing. It constructs the 3D model every X seconds, and then uses the front camera to generate high-framerate renders. It's muxing the two inputs, just like Face ID does.

Apple should put out a notice though, so this misinformation doesn't spread.
I don’t mind it either. You don’t see it after a second. My point is that if you don’t want the notch cutting into your content, you still get a big screen to watch it on. 
Lol no it doesn’t. I also have a 7. It looks like a tiny little letter boxed video inside of a 16x9 screen. Look at how close the video goes to the top and bottom of the phone. The 8’s bezels are much larger than that. 
My point is it just isn’t even true. It doesn’t have to be cut off at all. It’s just basic geometry. It either fills the screen as much as it can without cutting anything off, or it stretches to the edges and gets cut off by the notch, but that is optional. A lot of the reviewers rushed to put out videos without doing any diligence or testing. Take Casey Neistat, who thought he was stuck in an app because he kept trying to swipe home from the wrong side. 
I’ve seen multiple threads with top comments saying that watching video in horizontal ALWAYS has the notch cutting into the video, video is surrounded by big black bars, etc. 
Lol. Why in the world would that be the case? It’s just like previous iPhones. It fits the screen, unless you double tap, which causes it to fill the screen and cut off content. 
Can you post an example? I just watched mindhunter (which is 2:1) and it is twice as large on my X than my 7, without cutting into the notch. 
But why would you watch video that way then? It makes no sense. This phone offers way more real estate for wide-format shows *without* the notch cutting into it. I just don’t understand how anyone could consider the image I posted as worse than how this would look on the 8/+. 
Let me know if you can articulate what looks bad here. 
Not true at all. 16x9 video is roughly the same size as on the 7/8 (slightly larger), and any widescreen videos fill almost the entire screen. Many shows are shot in wide than 16x9 (Mr. Robot, Mindhunter, for example) and they fill almost the whole screen. If you double tap again, it fills to the very edge, but then you are watching a rounded video that's only slightly wider. 
I apologize for not mentioning his clerkships and other jobs. I did not mean to mislead, but I admit "legal career" was a very poor choice of words. I was fixated on the subject of him never trying a case, and the fact that he was only at a law firm for one year seemed to support that. As for his Harvard degree, I honestly didn't look at his educational history. However, in my experience I have not noticed a strong correlation between alma mater and one's skill as an attorney. I know some downright idiots from T14s, and extremely capable attorneys from mid-tier schools.
Like foveated rendering. That alone would be a huge boost to performance.
Apple has an entire security document on it, just hit up the googles. 
Because this sub doesn’t like to hear anything negative about the X. I was at -4 earlier. Oh well. 
Other people have complained of this. I have none of the uniformity issues on my display at minimum brightness and grey. 
Coming from the 7, the transition has been hard. It is MUCH harder to use with one hand. It’s actually quite a bit wider and taller and thicker than the 7. I had to set the on-screen home button to be Control Center since I can’t reach the top of the phone without significantly shifting it in my hand. 
It’s because the dot matrix is not a symmetric grid, it is a unique pattern bound to the iPhone’s hardware key. As such, when you look at it upside down, the patter is projected on to your face in a completely different way. 


Touch ID uses a grid of sensor pixels. Using a matrix transform it is trivial to rotate the finger. 



This isn’t to say it’s *impossible* for Apple to add this feature, just that it would be quite a bit harder. My guess is that they are concerned with getting it working for the launch, and will quietly add support for other orientations in the future. 
They aren’t if you look at the X-RAY tear down. The X’s speakers are rectangular and the top and bottom speakers have roughly the same size drivers. On the 8 they are square and quite a bit smaller. 
Is the screen on while charging? Mine won’t gain charge if the screen is on with the 5W charger. 
At least two more notification icons? My point is they are rounding the corners for no reason other than esthetics. They could easily fit a full rectangular image in the same space. 

On the iPhone and Galaxy the rounded screen is needed because the screen extends ends of the device where the chassis is curved.  
I have a problem with these screens that are rounded for no reason other than to be round. This actually decreases the available real estate on the display.
Domicile was one of my favorite topics from Civ Pro.

I would say Obama is definely still domiciled in Chicago.
This quite possibly makes me angrier than any of Trump's other actions.

* According to his LinkedIn, his legal career consists of being an associate for *one year* in 2007.

* The ABA came out unanimously against the appointment. [I so far cannot find a single instance of this occuring prior to the Trump administration.](https://www.google.com/search?q=American+Bar+Association+judicial+rating+committee+unanimously+unqualified&safe=off&biw=1745&bih=863&source=lnt&tbs=cdr%3A1%2Ccd_min%3A%2Ccd_max%3A5%2F1%2F2016&tbm=nws)

* He runs a *highly* politicized blog

What does it say about Trump's policies that they have to dig *this* deep to find people to appoint?


Edit: It was biased of me to not point out that he does have a Harvard Law degree, and has had a number of (what I am told are) impressive judicial clerkships since his time at a law firm.
I'm less woried about the back. If it breaks, I can just use clear tape to hold it together and then put a case on it to forget about it. haha
Thanks! But you're balancing the phone on your fingers. Your hand isn't even actually gripping the phone. Is that how you  would hold it while walking around and texting? 
I would love to see a video of you typing out an imessage and then reaching to top corner of your phone without shifting the phone in your hand. I'm amazed how many people in this thread suddenly have gorilla hands.
So many defensive people in this thread. The fact of the matter is CC is something I use all the time, and it's not in the most hard to reach place possible. I don't have small hands at all and I cannot reach the top corner of the screen without shifting the phone in my hand.
What are you taking about? I owned and used the X for 6 days. I got it last Friday and sold it Thursday.  I used reachability the whole time and found it to be a pain.
No, I was goign to just return it to the apple store but when I saw that I could sell it online instead, I did.
If a phone is annoying to use with one hand (especially for such a commonly-used feature like control center) then I don't consider it a one-handed phone.

I agree about reachability. Great feature, doesn't work well enough. 
I wholly agree. I just wish that control center wasn't in the most hard to reach corner possible. I use it *so much* during the day.
Yeah, I mean who ever wants to listen to music or text while walking for over an hour, amirite? I should just be a good citizen and march ahead silently, not using the phone I paid $1400 for.
I use my phone caseless and shifting grip is an extremely easy way to drop a phone while on the train or walking on the sidewalk. I've had my 7 caseless since launch and I've never dropped it. I dropped the X three times within a week (thankfully always on carpet) while shifting it around in my hand to try to reach the top of the screen. That is a big deal considering a repair costs at least $240.

I like to be able to very quickly throw open control center, change the song / turn off wifi / change the brightness without shimying my hand up the phone every time. 
I sold it for a profit and still had my 7. I was extremely excited for the X, but in 5 days of use, the size just bothered me. My pre-ordered X is still in the mail, and I may keep it this second round.
> but it is annoying.

Exactly. Reachability only works about 50% of the time for me. I use control center probaby 100 times a day, so it's super annoying.
(1) I sold the X for a profit and (2) I have my pre-ordered X coming in the mail this week. The one I sold I picked up at the apple store on launch day. This gave me the opportunity to use my 7 again and see if I really want to upgrade or not.

Not being able to use it with one hand is a deal breaker for me though. It's the reason I use the 7 over the Plus. I walk 2-3 miles a day holding things in my other hand, so I can't be stuck with a phone that requires two hands to use properly.
Try this: Type out a text one handed and then try swiping down control center without shifting your grip at all. I have relatively large hands and I can't even get close.
I actually sold my X and switched back to my 7 because of it. The X is NOT a 1-handed phone until they move control center. Just let me invoke it from the bottom right!

Edit 2: Further explanation. I pre-ordered an X that doesn't get here until next week. On launch day I went to the apple store during lunch and was able to pick up an X. I decided that If I liked it, I would just return that phone when my pre-ordered phone came (within the 2-week window). I really found the size of the X to be annoying compared to my no-case iPhone 7. I saw that they were selling on craigslist for a few hundred dollars profit, so I sold it and switched back to my 7. Now that I'm back on the 7, I do miss the screen. HDR netflix was amazing. I'm just still not sure if I'm willing to give up easy one handed use for the bigger screen.


Edit: I'm guessing that a lot of people getting the X are coming from a Plus model phone (at least that's what I've seen in the comments and in polls). The X is *just* larger than the 7 that it makes it really hard for me to use as a one handed device. Even Apple's videos show opening control center with two hands.
FYI I can do 1080p/60 hz with my 970, with most settings maxxed out on many modern games.

You can pick them up on craiglist for under $200 (recently bought a second one for $180).

Edit: I just looked on newegg and see that 1060s are going for only 250 or so. You should just get a 1060.
60 FPS in general requires a fast shutter speed (obviously 1/60 or faster). Try switching to 30 FPS and see if there is a difference. Also try using a third party video recording app that displays EXIF data like ISO. If the ISO is high, then it's just normal sensor noise.
It is muxing all of the inputs for an accurate rendering. Just watch any IR-camera video of animoji in action.


The IR grid fires roughly once or twice a second, and the visible light camera is used to achieve 60Hz rendering. In other words, the grid is used to adjust the 3D mesh a couple times a second, and the visible light video feed is used used to approximate during the interim.
Not true. It is muxing all of the inputs for an accurate rendering. Just watch any IR-camera video of animoji in action.


The IR grid fires roughly once or twice a second, and the visible light camera is used to achieve 60Hz rendering. In other words, the grid is used to adjust the 3D mesh a couple times a second, and the visible light video feed is used used to approximate during the interim.
It uses the built-in Calculator app to add everything up.
You're right. https://imgur.com/a/G5Nn9
Sorry, I’m using my 7 today but I am on the newest non-beta on my X
That's weird. It works fine on my X, minus the black bars.
This is a known and recent youtube glitch. I suggest trying a third party youtube viewer app in the mean time. 
Edit. I'm wrong. When season 2 initially aired I checked IMDB and it was the only episode not crediting at least one Duffer as a director, but now episodes 3-6 are two other guys. My bad.
~~Notice it was the only episode in the entire series not directed by the Duffer Brothers.~~

Edit: Episodes 3 and 4 were directed by Shawn Levy (who is also producer on every episode, and has done other great projects like Arrival).

Epsides 5  and 6 are Andrew Stanton whose portfolio includes Toy Story, WALL-E, Monsters U, and Finding Dory.

Episode 7 was directed by Rebecca Thomas who did Electrick Children, which I have never heard of.
Source? All I've seen is the original pixel which came with an adapter. But I don't think you can use USB Power Delivery over an adapter, which defeats the whole purpose of using USB-C.
It's a simpler customization but they only sold 5 million macs (including desktops) this quarter.

Allowing you to pick the cable would suddenly double their SKUs, which is extremely expensive.
iPhone is a *very* mainstream product sold around the world where most people probably don't own a single USB-C product (I'm also not aware of a single car that has C instead of A). if you shipped the iphone with USB-C-to-Lightnight suddenly all of the chargers people own won't work with the cord.

The macbook pros are a relatively niche, and extremely expensive. If you can afford one, you can also afford a $10 cable.


It's also silly to mass-ship a UBSC-Lightnight because it's *still* a proprietary cable that would easily be confused with usbc-usbc.
He needs to nuke the laptop. Besides having all of his information and passwords stolen, they very well could have installed a keylogger or other tracking software.

Throw it in a shredder, start fresh, change all of your passwords. That's really the only option.
Not sure if your comment intentionally has the error or not lol.

How in the hell did this pass QC? How did such a fundamental thing even happen? When emojis go too far...
Apple is so super secretive they only let five people work on iOS, and they were all so busy trying to get the X to work that the regular OS is held together with duct tape.
You guys act like blatant ad placement isn't rampant in Netflix's (and other's) shows.

Mmm.. Yes, I want to watch President Underwood use a **GALAXY TAB 8** for 60 seconds while adding nothing to the plot.

I would be willing to watch a couple 30 second spots for the non-netflix owned content, just as an incentive to keep them from removing all non-netflix stuff.
It’s where colors don’t look solid, but instead appear like they have a mesh over them. It’s not apparent at all from normal use distances, just if you hold the phone close to your face. 
Wrongo. The X display beats out the Note 8 in every category. Check out displaymate’s new review. 
Yupp! It’s just certain sub pixels that are less dense. 
I would if I had some on hand!
Just enjoy the pretty pictures! It just shows how the pixels are different on both phones. The 7 has an LCD display with a red green and blue sub pixel for each pixel. The X uses OLED, which uses a different layout with lots of green sub pixels and fewer red and blue.
What allows for the true blacks is that each pixel can turn its “light” on or off. With LCD, there is a big white sheet behind the whole display. The only way to make a pixel black on LCD is to “close” the pixels, kind of light a window curtain. The problem is a little bit of light still leaks through the curtain. 
The Iphone 7 has NO screen door effect because it is an LCD with very high fill and an RGB stripe layout. 
If you’ve been on android for years you probably don’t notice it. I 100% see the difference between my 7 and X. I suspected it was Pentile since I could see the screen door effect. It’s the whole reason I put it under the scope in the first place. 


It’s not visible at normal distance but if you hold your phone a little closer than average it’s very noticeable. 
I’m trying it right now! Lack of X resolution support is probably enough to get to finally switch. 
Any more info on that? Will it show me how much area of the screen is a given color?
Love it. I’m trying out Apollo since AB will never have X resolution support. 
A new version of the 7’s screen, so very similar. 
It’s hard to explain. The simplest explanation is that I don’t think it is as sharp. 
Do you have a higher res version? Awesome pic!
It says right on their page that only the 3 will work with the pad. In the teardown you can see that it has a new coil.
Considering the little apple watch charging pad is 80, you are going to be dissapointed.

Only defense for a high price I can think of is that it is a new pad tech that doesn't require you to place your phone in the exact right spot. They canbe set anywhere.
I'll do it if I ever get my hands on one. They are considerably rare in the USA.
Here is one of many examples.

https://www.chicagoreader.com/chicago/cann-san-hamel-cyclist-drunk-driver-sentencing/Content?oid=25446274


For this guy, it came down to his daddy have $$$ to spend on a celebrity criminal defense attorney. He also lucked out that the judge didn't consider his multiple previous DUIs (all exhonerated) to be relevant.
You're being downvoted but you are right. Staring at both my 7 and my X, text on the 7 seems significantly more crisp, and solid colored images seem like a solid blob, whereas the X looks like a very fine mesh.
Yeah, it's too bad. Per Arstechnica, Apple did work to minimize burn in and blue shift, but it's still going to happen. It's too bad we can't have a no-compromises display tech. If these screens look like garbage after a year, the resale value will go down a lot.
It’s unfortunate. Aside from the infinite contrast, I️ am underwhelmed with this phone’s OLED (which is said to be one of the best). The screen looks noticeably less sharp up close. 
The X's red and blue subpixels are actually not much more dense than the 7's. Additionally, the X's OLED display is more than 50% "wasted space" between pixels, whereas the 7 is only 25% blank, with *no* space between pixels in a given row. This is what gives the OLED display a "screen door" effect when you look at it closely. It also makes text look softer than on the 7.
It won’t upload for some reason. Just download this image https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/hubble/science/xdf.html

And hit edit>light and move blackpoint to 0.26
That isn't true. They grow large sapphire crystal boules which are then cut into cylinders. Saying it's about as hard as the rest of the glass is totally wrong. Look at any test of the sapphire camera lense and home button using hardness picks.
https://i.imgur.com/OfcWKqW.jpg

I just downloaded the high-res hubble deep field image from NASA, edited the photo (moved the black point slightly to the right to get pure black) and then zoomed in and dragged around until I found a nice spot in the image.
**No.** It's analagous to a light bulb. If it's completely black then its power draw is zero. If its a verrrry dark grey then that pixel is only using a little bit of power. The highest usage is 100% white.
Unless you set a scene, but I understand why OP doesn't want to.
The 264 royalty cap is a pittance. I'm not even sure you can call VP9 a standard without linking to the XKCD comic. 
What happens when you say "turn off my dresser light and wall light" or "... dresser and wall light**S**"?

As a recent binger of Mindhunter, I can officially say that this is deviant behavior.
Cool project, but it would have been much more efficient and cost effective to do solar energy —> thermal energy instead of solar—> electric —> thermal. 

Solar collectors are extremely efficient and have no electronic components (other than a half horse pump).


But to OP’s benefit those panels can also be used for other electricity needs.
Thanks for the info!
What is the cause of all of the crime in uptown? Every time I read a story about some incident in uptown the perp/victim are almost always from a south side neighborhood. What is the draw to that specific area?
I guess I shouldn't be surprised that your post history consists of 90% /r/googlepixel and 10% bashing on /r/iphone.


I don't think anyone denies the pixel has a great camera, but have we even seen tests from the X yet? The pixel also lacks a telephoto lens which is huge for some people (myself included).
Are we certain that Apple's display can't also do this? They are both samsung panels after all.
If you have your head wrapped up that much you probably have gloves on too. Besides, my point is that if you pull your scarf off once, it will see that it’s you and then learn that it’s also you when you have the scarf on. 
I agree. I think they could have gotten it working on the 8, but then the X screen would have seemed "worse" than the 8 in that respect. 
I think the iPhone X is evidence of that. Apple loves their "pro motion" on the iPads, so i bet they definitely would have put it on the X if possible.
The Face ID paper uses the terms "adapt" and "augments."  https://images.apple.com/business/docs/FaceID_Security_Guide.pdf

I'm not sure why you think they wouldn't use that word though. It's exactly how they describe Touch ID. "Touch ID learns
more about a user’s fingerprint over time." https://www.apple.com/business/docs/iOS_Security_Guide.pdf (Page 7).
It's supposed to learn how you change. so if yo have a scarf on, it fails, so you pull the scarf down for a second to scan it, then pull the scarf back up, it should learn. At least according to Apple's document.
Not OP, but many hydrophobic coatings have the tradeoff that they are not very durable (and expensive). Ship hulls also generate a lot of buildup very quickly that would eliminate the hydrophobic properties. I also know that big ships like cruise ships have to be repainted very often, which would be very expensive.


A solution that many large ships are now using is actually bubbles! The have litle air holes on the bottom of the hull that allows the ship to "ride" on a bed of bubbles that act as an intermediary between the water and the hull, thus reducing the friction.
The street in the gif is at least twice as wide as that.
I am not against darkening the bad with some brown shoe polish or something similar. I wore this band while extremely sweaty a couple times and the sweat seeped through the stitching. 

Thanks.  
It was like a CW version of X-Men. I would have preferred it if they baked that plot into the other episodes with 5-minute cut aways.
Yupp. I spent like ten minutes going through the PDFs and I have no idea where they scraped that info from. I know it's probably in there, but I find it hard to believe that there were zero white-on-black rapes. 
Yeah that was bad writing IMO. That, and having Bob just stand in the foyer while a demidog is chasing him. "Oh hi! lemme just stand her and stare at you for a second." Both of those things pissed me off this episode.
Which apps listed above say they have background usage? That could be the culprit.
But is it properly analyzed? I see these ChristianDailyNewsForConservatives.net websites shared on FB all the time that misrepresent the source the cite.

I'm not saying the above article is wrong, just that it's common to see complete BS articles written that cite to some reputable source at the end to make it sound legit.


Edit: The above article cites to a *150 page PDF* with over 100 tables, while giving no reference to which information they are combining. They also leave out white-on-white crime, conveniently. 
I am confident future law students will look back at this era of “private prisons” with disbelief. I’m just not sure how long it will be until we abolish them (especially under the current administration).
I honestly use it to prevent myself from going down DIY rabbit holes. I have *very* little freetime, and my engineering brain can easily get dragged into frustrating weekend-long projects that I could have hired done for a $100-200.
ehhh, i guess it depends how you define "do it yourself." When I do projects of necessity around the house (maintenance/repair work) I try to track how much time I spend to see if it's worth hiring it done the next time. If it's a project where I actually enjoy the process of making whatever it is, then of course not.
>The rankings apply only to non-chain restaurants with no more than five locations. 

Unfortunate. I would like to see the numbers for other restaurants too.
>Google is free.

That just isn't true. It's not generic cloud storage. It only lets your store *compressed* versions of your photos/videos for free. The only product that gets "free" google cloud storage is the Pixel line, and that's only through 2020, and again that's only for photos/videos.

Also there is no sharing of photos/files or whatever when you share storage with your family. Everyone has their own account, it's just that it all counts against one quota. It's all secure and encrypted for just you.
You're right. I googled 50mm 1.8 but that was the clearest result.
> Also what if I want more than 50 GB?

Do you even own an iPhone? Literally just look in the settings. They offer 50gb, 200gb, and 2TB. Their plans are extremely competitive, and you can share one cloud storage plan with your whole family. Please fine me another cloud provider than lets me share 2TB accross 5 accounts for $10/month.
OP used CAD, which is why I mentioned it. 


I guess if you're retired (or otherwise have endless freetime) you shouldn't consider the value of your time. But as someone who *doesn't* have a lot of time, I put a value on my time. If a project around the house is going to take me hours and hours, it may make more sense to hire a professional. Now, if you enjoy the process of making whatever it is your making, then that's another story.
If it were an iphone it'd still be receiving official software updates, which is kind of crazy to imagine.
It's just funny to call it "cheap" when the equipment (tools, CAD, workspace) and raw materials need run into the thousands of dollars. Plus your labor (even at minimum wage) would be hundreds of dollars it seems.

It's a great project and looks like it was a fun time, but no normal person could take this guide and built a similar desk for cheap, unfortunately.

(Don't worry, most of the posts in this sub are from people like yourself with lots of equipment).
There are apps that already let you adjust the depth effect on the rear camera. The phone outputs the image plus a depth map, and the blur effect can actually tuned. Apple has clearly programed the front portrait mode to only leave one depth plane in focus. A simple IF statement would fix this, and is already available to 3rd party devs. (e.g. IF [two planes are within x distance] THEN [leave those planes in focus]).

Edit: [Here is an example](https://www.reddit.com/r/apple/comments/73kf8g/portrait_modes_9level_depth_map_demonstrated_by/).
Apple’s actually looks like a “portrait” in the traditional photography sense. Just look at the samples provided by canon for their portrait lenses. I personally would like the blur toned down a bit. 
Yes, *very easily*. It would take one of their engineers all of two minutes to change. 
Is that the Primitive Technology guy?
Don't fret. Apple's portrait photos outputs the original photo with a full depth map that is used to render the picture. Clearly the front-facing portrait mode is tuned to emulate a *very* low depth of field that even blurs the hair on the back of your head ([think 50 mm f1.8 lens](https://farm8.staticflickr.com/7051/6831513886_6556a8753a_c.jpg)). They need to tone it back so that the whole person is in focus.

Edit: Since this comment appears to be controversial, [here is a video of a 3rd party app playing around with the portrait mode depth](https://www.reddit.com/r/apple/comments/73kf8g/portrait_modes_9level_depth_map_demonstrated_by/). It looks like the front portrait is only leaving one of the 9 planes in focus, isntead of 2-3 neighboring planes. This is a quick fix.
Apple uses "last year's" modem solely because of their strict QA testing period.

I have a friend that works at Qualcomm who complains about how ridiculously strict Apple is during testing. Apple will send a bug report to Qcom with a ridiculously specific series of steps that will crash the modem (think 20+ things the user has to do in order to cause the bug). My friend complains because all other OEMs are happy to ship with these bugs and just fix them down the road, but apparently Apple refuses to do so, which requires them to not use the bleeding-edge chips.

My friend also speculates that yields are an issue with the newest chips.

As a side note, it appears that Apple is using Intel modems as a middle finger to qualcomm and their non-FRAND licensing tactics. Apple *knows* Intel's chips aren't as good, but they still perform sufficiently well, and it lights a fire under qcom's ass.

The node-size argument is mostly bunk. Intel is at the bleeding edge of semicon lithography. They could fab their modems at 10nm if they wanted. All that being said, I would like to see some tests done once both models are out.
Lmao. Never change, reddit. 
It even shows ethernet settings in the Settings app.
I prefer the "hello pants" version of this repost. 
Silicon is too sticky to get out of my jeans pocket easily. the apple leather cases are amazing and hold up well.
Save (most of) that 8k for yearly upgrades. No need to go ridiculous on parts that are marginally better than others yet twice as expensive.


1080ti is an awesome idea, but the 8700k i7 is overboard. 32GB of 3200mhz is overboard. 2 1TB SSDs is overboard unless he already has a *massive* library. Even then I would suggest one 1TB (or even a 512) and then a huge HDD like a 10 TB.
/r/WeWantPlates 
It also was formed to specifically ask about SAVINGS accounts, not checking or other forms of accounts.
I returned mine because of their lackluster bass compared to the wired earpods
They literally bragged during the keynote about the screen working with polarized sunglasses.
Ah yes, my favorite news source, **worldnewsdailyreport.com**. Just look at all those official sounding words!
No it isn't. you double tap just like normal to either fill the whole screen (and crop the video) or fit the 16x9 video to the frame.
Purchasing real estate through LLCs is an extremely, extremely, common business practice and only costs a few hundred dollars to do.
The annoying part is that I have more than 50% free space on my 128 and it still yells at me every time i open photos saying that I need to store them in the cloud because I don't have enough room. This is completely wrong. I'm hoping on the new phone that it will realize its math is off.
Appropriate username!
> Samsung is the only reliable guy at the top

Literally made an exploding phone 9 months ago.
> asically the ugly (though apparently accurate) colors bothers me

Don't believe this lie. The screen is not color accurate. There are a ton of other phones that score very high on color accuracy (iphone 7/8, Note 8, etc.) that don't look anything like the muddy pixel xl 2 display.
Touch disease.
No puppet. No puppet. 
Also all these "bezel-less" displays that clearly have bezels that are just a little smaller than years past. I seriously don't understand.
Wtf is a "full-screen display"??? 
I'm a part of the program already but don't have a pre-approval option.
I'm confused, would you rather have less screen real estate and flat top? 
I think the SSD ship has sailed unfortunately. What I would like is if they just priced their RAM more reasonably. It's one of the only things that frustrates me about apple product. The RAM upgrade prices are at least 2X while everything else is more reasonable.
I wish there was a "whatever model is most available" button because i'd truly be fine with any color and any capacity.
I’m sold. 
Now you’ve got me wondering how Reddit’s random sorter works. Also pick me pls
Can someone calculate how much they got paid to play hide and seek pls. (based on the length of time on the field on game day for a 16-game season)
PLEASE read the guide and watch the videos. A friend got one and was going to return it because he didn’t know how to do anything on it. Didn’t know to force touch to clear notifications, didn’t know how to customize watch faces, etc. 


You can palm the display to turn it off and go home. Palm it for 2 seconds after a notification to put it in silent mode. 
Thanks. Yeah, I recently read his white paper. That comes back to my question: why is this post considering non-mining nodes a bad thing? Or is it that they are just spinning up non-mining nodes only for the purpose of a "Sybill attack"?
Because I am an idiot, didn't Satoshi himself talk about a future where many nodes will only be transacting and not mining? What is so bad about non-mining nodes?

Edit: [The comment](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/2000/1*hvpjITZrGDlGfAatwY9jHQ.png) I'm talking about.

Sure doesn't sound "cruel and unusual" to me! Who needs the [Eighth Amendment](https://constitutioncenter.org/interactive-constitution/amendments/amendment-viii) anyways?
You're wrong. It's still a separate assembly. It just now lacks a physical actuator and is directly affixed to the display. The button can easily be removed from the display within a few minutes.

Edit: [Source](https://d3nevzfk7ii3be.cloudfront.net/igi/iEa3oFULZJK5S2Eq) (iPhone 8).
Luckily all they have to replace is the home button. Call apple support and they can help you. shouldn't be *too* expensive.
Just saw "send nudes" haha
I know you didn’t say we *should*. I meant to ask if shutting down municipal water supply would also be laissez faire. How can a government operate at all without interfering with private enterprise?
Apple's taptic in the 7/8 is HUGE.
Should we shut down municipal water as well?
How long until we ban municipal water and require that everyone get there water delivered monthly from Comcast Water ™? Think of all the ways that the free market will optimize the water delivery user experience!
If it's a 2017 MBP then it's Kaby Lake.
And it would file my taxes and make me dinner.
I'm not sure anyone is claiming he called her to intentionally disrespect her. It's that he is crass and (allegedly) said something insensitive. This entire thing is of his own creation. He *lied* and said that he's the first president to call families of fallen soldiers and then *doubled down* when he was called out on his BS.


He can't even just be modest about something; he has to turn everything into a reason why he's the superlative [whatever]. He doesn't just call soldiers' families, he's the *first president* to call families. He didn't have a big inauguration crowd, he had the *biggest crowd ever* (lolwat). He didn't just win the election, he won the most electors in history (oh wait all 5 previous presidents had more than him). He doesn't have a great cabinet, he has the "smarted cabinet ever assembled" (despite Rick-fucking-Perry being his DOE chief). Should I go on?


People are irate that we have a president who decries "fake news" but happily lies about absolute provable facts 10 times a day. His actions would be considered immature in a classroom of 5th graders. It's amazing how many people are happy to look past all of these faults just because he has an R next to his name and doesn't like brown people.
[And check out the interior](https://web.archive.org/web/20110609210956/http://ruleaks.net/1901). Every little table and chair probably cost thousands...
yeah what the hell just take two pictures without moving so much.
What exchange do you use to convert?
zcash is like $50 a month for me instead of 40, but it's a much riskier currency IMO.
Thanks. Etherium. At 32 MH/s with two 970s. (~$10/week).
I already had them laying around, and they are pretty decent at ether mining, making about $20 per card. This is more of an academic exercise than anything, otherwise I'd be buying 1070s.
My bad. It's the [EVGA 650 GQ 210-GQ-0650-V1 80+ GOLD 650W Modular EVGA ECO Mode Power Supply](https://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16817438059).
My CPU is running at near idle and drawing less than 10 watts. Pardon my ignorance, but if it's a 650 watt CPU and I'm only currently at 300 watts, should an extra 130 watts on the 12v rail matter?
GTX 970's. One is a EVGA Hybrid and one is a standard MSI card. I'm experimenting with cryptocurrencies.
Why is interfacing with products over USB and an Intel chip and different than an iPhone that interfaces (often over USB internally) with a lightning port, two cameras, accelerometers/gyros, a screen, a force touch controller, microphones, speakers, etc.?

Just because intel chips are designed to work with external graphics over PCI doesn't make their chips innately "better." They've just targeted a specific featureset.

As far as thermals, again that's just something they've targeted, not necessarily something that makes Intel silicon better than TSMC (Apple) silicon.


I think a much more productive discussion is comparing A-series Apple chips with Intel's Core-M line.  
Well yeah that's simply physics. The 7+ is approximately 0.01237 m^2. At high intensity sunlight of 1000 watts/m^2 and 90% absorption, that's **~11 watts** of sunlight** being absorbed by your phone.
What's your expected hashrate? I'm using a gtx 970 (total system draw 200 watts) with 16.5 MH/s. In 20 days I made 0.05 eth ($16) and my electricity costs (~$9 @ $0.12/kwatt).
Thanks for your help. I'll delete this post so as not to confuse others.
Oh really? Will I be able to manage the one that isn't plugged into my display via Nvidia control center? I found that problem before, that if my display was plugged into my mobo to use integrated graphics then I couldn't update the GPU settings in NVidia control panel.
I was running at roughly 16.5 with one overclocked hybrid 970, now I'm running at 31.5 with a second card. I'm just happy I was able to put them in SLI and let them mine as one unit instead of running two miners.
A buddy grew up on a farm and it was a common occurrence to see his granddad throw kittens into the lake, unfortunately.
This is /r/pics not /r/funny so I don't know why you have an expectation of every picture being funny.
I used my friend’s as well. Exact same.
The funny part is even "pricey" grounds are an order of magnitude cheaper than a crappy cup from a coffee shop!
I buy grounds in the giant sams club jugs that cost $10 and last me ~3-6 months. Set the pot on a timer so it's ready when I wake up and put it in a contigo thermos that keeps it hot until at least 2PM. I'm amazed how many people spend whole dollars on coffee per day.
I purchased it through the web store, but now it won't show up in the Rift software despite showing that it's in my library on the rift website. Weird.
RemindMe! 1 year
It honestly looks out of focus. While 64 is more than double 25 ISO, it's still extremely low.
You are 100% incorrect. 

PPI by itself is meaningless when determining whether the pixels are individually discernible. A 50-inch 1080P TV only has a PPI of 44 pixels/inch, but the average person cannot discern individual pixels from more than [6.5 feet away](https://designcompaniesranked.com/resources/is-this-retina/). The above-mentioned TV is "retina" as long as you're that far away.

The math in the VR example is tougher because of the lenses involved. [Here](https://www.roadtovr.com/understanding-pixel-density-retinal-resolution-and-why-its-important-for-vr-and-ar-headsets/) is a nice article from Road to VR that (Gasp!!) uses the term "retina resolution."
I don't have any studies readily available for you, but I'm sure plenty are out there.

If you go based on party lines, Republicans are generally anti-gay/transgender rights while being strongly pro-second amendment. 

Conversely, Democrats tend to be pro-LGBT while staunchly anti-second amendment.
1. That's why I put it in quotes.
2. *Yes it does* have a real-world meaning. It means pixels sufficiently small that the average person cannot discern individual pixels at normal viewing distance. There are plenty of online calculators you can use to determine what resolution you would need at a certain screen size and pixel density.
I would take higher contrast "retina" displays over everything else. 8K x 8K screens would be amazing. Should be possible soon with foveated rendering.
This image is great, but the fact of the matter is there are very few people who actually feel this way. Statistically speaking, the advocates for rednecks with guns tend to be anti-gay marriage, for example.

Most people want to have the freedom to do what *they like*, but don't want their "neighbor" from a different background to have similar freedoms.
This reminds me of the time on a train back from Amsterdam we got 6 phones to all play the same song perfectly synced to make it like a loud speaker. Probably took 30 minutes with all of the different delays on different phones but it was sweet. 
Yes, very well in fact.
Yes, with iOS 11. When it detects a password/username field a little key pops up in the top right of the keyboard.
Have they changed it? On Android you can 1-finger swipe down to bring up the notifications center, and two-finger swipe to bring up quick settings.
Apple password manager is now built into the keyboard so it's accessible from any app.
How is someone supposed to know about quick settings (two finger swipe down) on Android? Both OS's have a ton of gestures and features that aren't blatantly obvious. iOS has the Tips app that is full of these hints.
1. You don't need to close apps.
2. Mobile data is right there in Control Center (swipe up from bottom)
3. Why do you want to disable location services? I'm assuming because apps on Android continue to use it and drain your battery. This isn't a problem on iOS.
4. Swipe to go back or use the "back" button on the top left. Alternatively, force press on the left edge of the screen and swipe to go back to the last app
5. I also hate the notifications layout, but did you try force pressing on notifications?
> but it's to be expected

That's sad.
At the end

> ok bye
Wat is this sub
The [original article](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/local/breaking/ct-blue-line-attack-alert-20170906-story.html) says that after Estep pushed the guy on the tracks he stood there silently pointing at him while pacing back and forth. Jeez that's creepy. This is also why I never stand in a place where someone could easily push me onto the tracks.
1. Youtube only encodes 4k in VP9 which is not supported on iOS.
2. Your phone screen is only 750p, yet alone 2180p, so there is no point.

edit: I would like to add that while your screen is only 750p, 1080p and 1440p videos will look better than the 720p option.
GDocs destroys my battery (as do all google products on my mac, it seems).

I use Word for most note taking.
Yes. All of the control center buttons should be toggle-able and organizable. The watch is very customizable but this would be a great change. Sometimes I miss the widgets of watchOS 1.
Download a battery stats app and see what your health is. It's possible your battery is bad. In iOS 11 battery settings it should tell you if your battery needs service.
Really surprised they didn’t nail ProMotion for the X. I imagine it was definitely a targeted feature.


I’m guessing the iPhone X^2 will have it, but it’s too bad. 
They actually say on the page that you can polish it to shine it back up. 
How many of these holes are machined vs included in a mold?
Yes, agreed. The larger phone, the higher your s/b ratio will be even with the same size bezels. It needs to be normalized for screen area.
D is for Graduate. 
Hahahahaha. I thought the run up the stairs was the end of it. Then he comes flying past in a blur of white and brown. 


10/10
Download the Mint app. It automatically syncs with your bank and credit cards and categorizes your spending. It then generates monthly trends and lets you know when you go over.
> functionally and aesthetically amazing

I like that they use a braided cable, and using the cable for the ear loops is really smart design. Otherwise, they appear to be run of the mill bluetooth headphones. Volumetrically they are MUCH larger than the airpods, the charging case is gigantic and it's a pain to quickly put away the headphones.
link to product? I need one of these on my freezer which doesn't close properly.
It *will* be available on the front camera of the X, but that's the only one.
It's not "the same." Their AI team has done a great job, but apple's implementation outputs a 9-level depth map that devs can use to adjust rendering, layer objects, etc. Apple's also identifies "holes" in objects that should be blurred.
Instant tethering is old hat for Apple, but I'm glad they're adding it.
Does anyone still have a working 5X? Literally every person I knew with one had it bootloop or just die one day.
It sounds like that might have been the cause though.
No, unfortunately. Is there any chance youtube was open on your phone while it was in your pocket? For it to drain nearly 60% while sitting on your desk, it would would have felt really hot.
What does it say in usage? What apps have been using energy? Settings>Battery.
It could be system related functions. Download the app Traffic Monitor (icon is blue/tan/orange and has the earth on it) and add the traffic monitor widget to your homescreen. It will tell you your current upload and download data rates. If it's above a couple kbits/s then something is actively uploading/downloading.
What lens did you use to shot the after pictures?
The overall design. Notice that the display goes close to the edge of the glass *on all four sides*. This is only possible because they are actually [*folding the display under itself*](https://i.imgur.com/CFCCwXg.png) so that they can accommodate the circuitry that is normally hidden under the bottom bezel (e.g. GS8, Note 8, Essential Phone, etc.). LCD can't be folded up like that.
It's not "between" 2 and 8 mil per month. These things ramp up. The first month is estimated around 2 mil, then 8, then more.
The average *person* doesn't keep their phone for more than two years, but most iphones stay in the market for 4-5 years, hence the high resale value. I sold my two-year-old iphone 6 for $400 dollars when the 7 came out. That's because the person I sold it to was planning on using it for a few years. So it *does* matter. The iphone lifetime would diminish greatly if they experienced bad burn in after 18-24 months.
The X's screen wouldn't be possible without OLED unfortunately. Also, the tech has gotten really good in the last couple years.
Yupp. This is one of the only times I can remember where Apple hasn't been able to squeeze every cent out of a supplier. Samsung has them over the barrel at the moment and is probably making a ton per panel.
Since Sammy is literally the only company that can provide 120m OLEDs for apple, they can charge whatever price they want.
They source their displays from SDI, and their NAND from Samsung Semiconductor. These are two entirely separate business from Samsung Mobile. They all use the name Samsung, but that's where the overlap ends. Samsung Semi has to bit on NAND contracts for the Galaxy line just like third party companies do. Same for their battery business.
Google sells the Pixel with a USB-C to USB-A cable.
It still happens. Until they post another update, we are stuck with this. What I've done is delete every autofill I don't like. I think the command is Shift-delete, but you can google it.
It's a university doing a themed dinner for a show that is really popular among students. Not sure why that's particularly cringey.
MMmmm. An actively-cooled, high-wattage Apple-made chip. This could be *really* interesting.


In the mean time I would really like a hybrid approach where my macbook would use an apple chip for all of the low-power apple apps (safari, messages, etc) and only wake the Intel silicon when needed. 
I mean, this is just on their DC sports blog, not the front page of WaPo.
No, one of the funniest parts about this is those people work for PWC, one of the world's largest audit/tax/consulting firms in the world.
Tea has a much higher concentration of tannins. Just add a tiny bit of milk. [Here](https://www.ijfans.com/Volume%204%20Issue%201/3.%20IJFANS%20A0377-15.pdf) is a paper on tannins binding with proteins.
It only takes a little bit of milk. I don't like my coffee very creamy so I only add a tablespoon or two.
No, it’s true, and I’m surprised that it’s not the top comment. The milk proteins bind to the tannins in coffee and tea (tea has a lot more) preventing it from yellowing your teeth. 
The honest answer is a cocky design team that thinks “I don’t use it so no one does.”
I got up to 20 hashes on my 7. I'd like to mine ether though to get an idea of relative performance.
It's like turning off night shift it the middle of the night. Lawd jesus my eyes.
1. h.265 is a standard file format. It's the successor to h.264.
2. It would be more than 23 MB per second lol.
Oops, my bad.
They are rated for 500 charge cycles before 80% health. So that means you've used ~250 cycles worth of battery since you bought it.
It's low-voltage DC so yes, it's not very efficient. Still probably around 90% though.
I don't know what it is about this particular image, but I can *feel* it, ya know?
I plan on keeping my series 0 until it shits the bed. I don't use apps much, so it's plenty fast for most of my uses. The full swimming ability is nice, but I don't mind. The stainless steel polishes so nicely that mine still looks fresh.
Thanks. I'll have to go into the BIOS and re-activate the integrated graphics.
Good stuff! Total manufacturing time?
Anything for some internet outrage.. it’s really frustrating actually. This is one of the first things we learned in my engineering materials courses! 
It's not that you're supposed to "just brush" it. you are supposed to supply a specific and pre-defined amount of force. If you apply hundreds of pounds of force you can "scratch" a sapphire sheet with a much lower-hardness pick.
That and the Gold 5s are my all time favorites. Like little pieces of electronic art. The 6 and forward seem much less like art, but also much more durable which is a plus. Handling my 4s/5/5s without a case felt dangerous.
Wow. Thanks for the insight. $0.20 for labels seems high, are you using a particularly fancy label? It seems like there could be some savings there. Also, how do certain brands of fancy milk get away with charging more than $1.85 per half gallon?
Oh, I get what you're saying. Yes, I guess it's totally possible that electric motors without proper shielding could cause enough interference on the AM bands. 
It states "FM/Internet streaming radio" as a feature. So is it FM streaming radio AND internet streaming radio? or is it FM radio and Internet streaming radio? This is ambiguous enough that it does not guarantee a dedicated FM antenna (although a user above is claiming it does).
Tesla is actually delivering Model 3s that have such unfinished software that the radio doesn't work? I love the company, but that seems to be... amateurish.
That's great, and I assume you wouldn't go around lying on ~~the internet~~  Model 3 forums, but why delay something so easy as FM to a future^tm software update?
Not according to those who have actually [taken delivery of the car](https://model3ownersclub.com/threads/faq-checklist-of-features-for-new-owners-to-share.4806/page-6#post-46534). They are saying it's entirely streaming based.

Further support: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0kODNkybho&feature=youtu.be&t=9m12s
My understanding is that it streams FM through InTune. Does the page explicitly say that the car can receive actual FM signals, as opposed to FM radio over the internet?
~~This seems like pseudo science BS to me. The car is already subjected to AM transmissions in the air, and it is trivial to electrically isolate an AM receiver from the motors... There isn't enough power in the AM signal to even power wristwatch, yet along interfere with a shielded multi-kilowatt motor.~~

Edit: I am an idiot. I thought the problem was that the AM antenna would interfere with the motors.
I'm going off of Ars's article and the model 3 club users who have already taken delivery.
My understanding is that it only "has" FM radio via TuneIn streaming.
If a gallon of skim is 56 cents, what are the other costs that get it up to $2-$4 a gallon (assuming grocer margins on milk are the same as their gross, 3%)? Is it mostly packaging, shipping, and cooling costs?
It's really one of the simplest components in the car. IF [car is in reverse] THEN switch infotainment input to backup camera feed. The cameras cost less than 10 dollars, and the wiring ads very little when compared to the overall time required for the rest of the vehicle's wiring.
As someone who loves chocolate, that is way too many damn choco chips. I only put 1/3 cup in a whole loaf. 
There was no way to appeal the deletion either. Assembly is a common word for reviews so I would hope they wouldn’t remove based on it. Fact of the matter is amazon just wants the $$$ and doesn’t care. 
I received a product like this. Except it SKIPPED two steps that had the nuts corresponding to two different bolts. 


I filled out the Amazon return and it asked me to write a review that I briefly described “product did not include necessary parts for assembly.” and gave it 1 star. Within 30 minutes my review was DELETED for “profanity” despite there being none in the comment. 



That’s the day I realized amazon reviews are rigged. 
Some wireless headphones get 20-30 hours. 
It's a verrrry annoying bug that has popped up randomly for years. It's beyond frustrating.
The old rose gold is just pink, while the new "gold" is actually what rose gold jewelry looks like.
Awesome, thanks. 
When you say "use" cuda grid size 1024, what do you mean? How do I change this setting?
Did you read the next sentence? Of course a 5-watt chip isn’t as fast at sustained workloads as a 95 watt actively cooled chip. I bet the iPhone can transcode media just as fast, though. Anything bursts and I bet it performs just as well. 
I’m referring to the giant comparative chart in the URL of this post. I guess people don’t RTFA after all. 
I fee like this sub is getting back to its roots and I like it.
This one is just too easy.

1. The stock drops because iPhone 8 doesn't sell out due to pent up demand for the X.

2. Stock pops on insane demand for X.

3. Stock drops because X is insanely supply constrained, majority of iphone shipments are pushed off a quarter, leaving only piddly iphone 8 shipments for this quarter. It will look like worst ever year for that quarter

4. Stock pops when next quarter beats even iphone 6 quarter (which was also overly inflated due to supply issues). Stock pops even more because ASP moves up more than 10%-15% due to first-ever increase in base price (699 instead of 649) and $999 iphone.

I am still in awe of the market's short sightedness. I wouldn't be surprised if they drop 15% on the bad iphone 8 quarter.

I'll open a robinhood account as punishment if i'm grossly wrong about this.
Giving only themselves a point for "frequent software upgrades" is BS. Also the apple tv supports media servers and network storage via apps like VLC.
Yes. Google does have a handful of people on board. More than anything, those are companies hedging their bets for literally zero risk. Google is the streaming media powerhouse, and they would rather put their name next to Google's on a list and contribute nominal R&D dollars than be considered an adversary of Google.

The reality of the situation is that other companies developed next-generation video compression technology, and Google decided that they would rather make their own than pay a $25m royalty on the tech. Google has claimed to design a codec that "infringes no HEVC-related patents", which is obviously nonsense after even a perfunctory comparison of the technology specifications and asserted patents.


Will Apple join AOM in the future once a solid standard is created and there has been enough time to design hardware codec IP blocks? Maybe. In the meantime, they've gone with a proven and tangible standard developed by the same group that has designed video codecs for the last thirty years.


Google's actions have done nothing but fragment the video codec space in the pursuit of furthering their media streaming dominance. Their anti-patent argument is nothing but a guise; they want to control online streaming indefinitely, plain and simple.
Yes, and it *still* isn't ready for consumer release. And then once it is, companies like apple have to build it into their hardware for efficient decoding on mobile. Meanwhile HEVC is ready *today* and offers superior efficiency to VP9 (preliminary tests of alpha versions of AV1 show it being similar to HEVC, but time will tell).