Lol I have no idea but he was at -3 just 3 minutes after posting I was like wtf
Why'd you get downvoted so fucking fast lmao jesus. You're right
The day before the election if you said Trump would be president people would think you're insane. I was one of them lmao
You haven't looked deep enough in the genre yet if you haven't seen his influence. He's basically the source of modern hip hop
This is an april fools joke for those who don't know
I have so much dark elixir and elixir I'm sitting on and with this dragon event they're gonna fill up even faster. Should I just go to TH9 now and start spending what I can? I have a builder potion thing that can finish any upgrade so I could do it right now if I wanted
Seriously I'm about to upgrade to TH9 and just looking at the costs for building upgrades is terrifying
I don't think anyone detected the sarcasm in your comment lmao
I didn't know allowance was actually a real thing until very recently lol. Figured it was a joke-concept or something
Ah yeah that’s what I figured. Seemed pretty well setup tbh
This pretty much sums up my entire college experience
Yeah I haven't even seen 3 and I kinda understood that just from that clip. Maybe I'll watch it today, been wanting to forever
This is the method I’ve always used. Forgot the button they removed even existed
S C O O P I T Y - P O O P
inb4 the reddit fashion police unite
I haven't gotten it yet because my mom would never let me. Said it was "wrong" and unnecessary. Luckily I'm an adult now and am gonna go get it soon.
If he does run again I hope he has a very good VP lol
Yeah I bought breds last summer working part time lol. It ain’t hard if you’re living at home
I never knew different parts of the world had different plugs until very recently lmao. Blew my mind, thought they were globally standardized

Edit: Lmfao holy fuck sorry I’m dumb?
I mean backwards compatibility is a monumental selling point that has helped Microsoft but yeah even that can't bring them back. If the PS4 had backwards compatibility Xbox would be so annihilated I wouldn't even wanna look
That’s a good plan but like I said that isn’t really the huge issue, there’s literally no central cooling used at all in my house so the ambient temperature even downstairs averages like 80. With or without the equipment I’m still gonna be dying lmao. I’ve had this issue years just trying to get a system down to fix it now. A fan with an evaporative cooler is the best idea I’ve seen, maybe possibly a small actual AC if the wiring in my house can handle it. 
Nope. Not sure why you would assume a kid asking for cooling advice is a millionaire. Would be nice though, that’s the dream
Gotcha. That’s my solution right now i just don’t think it’ll be able to keep up with the summer. We’ll see
But what’s the fun in that
Gotem. If life were that easy wouldn’t that be a blessing
I probably used the wrong word lol, it really isn't that much and it can't be moved sadly. Even if it was gone heat is still gonna be a huge issue, it just contributes
Also, literally no one under the age of 25 votes here lmao. If they did they'd fucking dominate elections but instead they just complain without actually participating. As someone in that age group it's infuriating
Looks like you guys solved it for me, I don’t have the power cord for the PS2 I’m tryna use yet but I’m sure it’ll work once I do! Thanks so much everyone
Yup exactly. It’s adapters for a brand new TV
Lmao awesome thank you!
Alright sweet I’ll give it a shot once I get the rest of the cords I need, that sounds about right, thanks!
I’m sure this is a dumb question but the way the cables on the bottom left are bundled in a pair of two, I would think it would match with the other 2 above it but the colors don’t match. Do I criss cross them and simply connect color to color or plug straight across how I have it laid out? The top 2 are the adapters that plug into my TV and all the bottom cables are the actual component cables. Any help much appreciated, haven’t messed with these cables in like a decade
The stock market routinely crashes and is one of the best investments there is. A crash is almost always followed by an all time high
So do I but the change has to happen sometime. I’d rather painfully adjust to a new standard that’s better in every way than always stay on an old one
Even web browsing is absolutely night and day. No going back
Yup. Can't even use my mouse on 60hz monitors. Hurts my eyes lol
why would you ever return to an outdated USB vs a new and improved version?
Yeah definitely not 8 but I have seen him go up to like 5 or 6 but they were for weaker scents and usually when he's gonna be outside
Woah. I don’t think I’ve ever seen a super cluster pictured like that. Amazing, if anyone else has pics of them send it my way because I’m fascinated by them
Lol I couldn’t help but notice. Also “Wetter” and “Fotos”. Who knew I was so fluent in German already
99% of the people in that thread most likely think axe is a fragrance. Also, they're not wrong about people bathing themselves in it. You shouldn't do that. But you should be able to be smelled within a decent range without it being overpowering if you wear the right amount
I love how whatever language that is, I assume Deutsche, is mostly English with C's replaced with K's lmao.
I'm gonna assume you've been downvoted by bots because there's literally 0 reason to downvote this. Glad you weren't bro
I fucking screamed laughing holy shit that was the funniest thing I've seen all year. That fuckin face
What in the actual fuck lmaooo. That second picture is fantastic
I think I've used Siri twice in the past 7 years... and somehow it's gotten worse than day 1
If it was wrong it wouldn’t be brought up
Lmfao this is so true. If you point out an "awkward silence" after 4 seconds of quietness, it's *you* that made it awkward
Pretty much. Terrible that it's happened so recently tho
Don't have Fresh but I have the original and it's probably my favorite scent out of the 6 I have. Was the first one I bought because I fell in love with it. Has a manly, woody, vanilla, spicy scent but its so mild and not overpowering that it blends perfectly with any outfit or occasion, working best in the winter. Heard fantastic things about Fresh too but I've never smelled it, can't imagine it being anything less than amazing as well
silly goose you can only be racist towards black people /s
Right. Not to mention literally everyone has been enslaved at one point or another, the world doesn't have a pretty history
Same here, the walls are a bitch
The slo mo really ain’t that bad y’all needa chill
True I agree
They broke TOS so
Straight ass I'm sorry
I’m usually a cod fanboy but good lord this is shaping up to be an absolute train wreck
There’s one location near me in a very active drug and poverty stricken community. Not the best environment in there to say the least
Yeah I’d kill to work at McDonald’s vs any other establishment that serves food. Hella benefits
I mean the game spans multiple generations of consoles and is almost 4 generations of Nvidia gpu’s old. In the tech and gaming world 5 years is a millennium. No game that isn’t an MMO gets that kind of dev support
Such is the circle of hype and anti mainstream hive mind lol. The game is also old as hell and still being supported to this day. When it came out it was ahead of its time by a mile and still holds up today. 
iOS or android? If they have it for iOS sign me up
They really don't. So gorgeous in person
TTS is 100% the way they go. Feels like butter... such nice quality
Most are 1:1 materials at this point. Yeezys have been identical for a very long time
They def also run small and you should have size up at least
Yeah you can 3D Touch or just tap it and hit clear, works either way
Can also be ineffective on a lot of women who have issues with hormonal birth control stuff. I've tried to talk my gf into it and she's hesitant, had issues in the past with similar stuff
Same situation here lmao
Profitable by like $30, not much but whatev. Price will go up later this year so I might hold on
Wasn’t the balloons being dumb, it was giants and wizards
I’ll take an ez profit of any amount. I have to do almost no work to make money? Dope. And if not, i get to keep a hyped shoe I paid retail for that I otherwise would have to pay a lot more for. But I can see how it might be seen as unappealing
Lmaoo exactly. Happens every time, just gotta wait it out
Yeah that’s true
I mean, money is tight as in I may only be able to buy a few things I want vs a lot. I profit off of resell no matter what so at this point it’s just a matter of what I decide I wanna keep
Lmaooo I love those but you can't deny those some walmart joints too
Putting in work to resell? 

1. Take picture of shoe on any resell app

2. Sell shoe

3. Swing by post office

4. Profit
That's... literally exactly what you should do lmao. You get paid to do so *and* get to try and view all releases in person. Works out fantastic
I do if I know I can sell it for a profit regardless of what I decide
They're fire, fuck em. Some people were destined to only wear converse their whole life. Oh well
Prices will skyrocket by the end of the year once the rest of the colorways come out and people start riding the wave. Same thing happened to every yeezy release, and these will be the OGs
I had to sell mine for money and I wanna die everyday. Might have to sell the new 500s too kms
Nah it was also due to AI fuckery delaying and attacking walls instead of buildings. I’ve experienced both and I agree the game breaking stuff is the worst

Edit: I’m sorry you haven’t had the same experience? Lmao
I've watched a balloon drop it's bomb on a builder hut and the game ends while the bomb is mid air. GG
Ah yeah true. I’m a recent returning player at TH8 so I haven’t seen any yet that I can’t participate in except for the last one that included like jump spells or something, but it wasn’t necessary to use. I always upgrade barracks and spell factories first thing so I have access to everything
Are the challenges supposed to be hard? Whenever these events happen I just raid using whatever troop is discounted and it's the easiest thing every time. Works out great
Terribly sad, hope HW stays strong. Poor guy
Wait what I can't tell if this is a troll or not lmao
Oh shit lmao. Gotem
Can you imagine believing kicking out a loiterer is racist... 2018 folks
I thought literally all of above. No clue what it actually is lmfao
ADC double charge with only one order confirmation... noice
I literally just woke up right now, opened the yeezys splash page and immediately copped my size. Has it been that easy the whole time? lmao
I literally had no idea there was more than 1 movie
Exactly. If our paths of fire cross shit will get messy very quick. Like... Armageddon messy
If Russia truly gets involved? Absolutely
Yep. Some theaters near me won’t even sell to 17 year olds even though the R rating itself is 17+. Makes sense... not
Oh god it’s been quite a while I’m tryna think... probably like, 3-5 years? And I haven’t done literally any maintenance on it. I was pretty young when I got it, and even to this day I don’t really know what there is to maintain. I figured it was one of those two but I know nothing about the motors in them or if mine can even be accessed. 
nah like 10ms for me, never had an issue while gaming and streaming on it. But yeah walls can be problematic
I ain't even gonna front I'd be all over the white supreme ones if they were real
It's basically the equivalent of saying "don't talk to me right now". You're literally rejecting them communicating. Not the biggest deal but some make it out to be. 
Like the other reply said, very illegal
Can't count the number of times I've had to awkwardly wait 20 seconds because I'm in the middle of something and don't wanna decline
Nice taste my friend
Lmao yep same here. Got it in the end at least
5ghz wifi is basically wired at this point lol
Was so fucking mad I missed the deal the first time it came out, so happy it’s back
Damn advanced shit post
Nope doesn’t work for me :(
Yup I’m alarmed at the lack of comments lol. I can replicate it every time, the moment I lose the app the feature is completely disabled until I restart. So basically every time I wanna switch an app in multi tasking I have to restart. So weird that no one else is saying they have this issue
I think Rogue One is my favorite Star Wars movie now actually, and one of my favorite of all time. Ages like fine wine
I mean... if it was realistic, the rebels/resistance would be nuked from orbit and not even have a fighting chance. That’s just Disney magic sprinkled in to make a movie work. A star destroyer with a competent fleet would fucking annihilate anything that dared look in its direction
They won’t do either sadly. No one is willing to touch the old republic it seems, too complicated for theaters I guess. 
Yep, all of that is explained in the old extended universe. The planet is basically covered in oxygen generation systems and everything is imported
Lmaoo exactly. I'm really anal about my thermal paste but I'll still admit it makes hardly any difference no matter how much you use/how you do it.
If you said that to anyone about GPUs you'd be burned at the stake lmao. You're absolutely right but I can't believe you got upvoted. People act like 80c is literally the depth of a fiery pit in hell even though it's waaaay below rated safe spec
I just use like Dove Men’s “invisible” I think it is. Never even noticed it existed until I was in your same predicament, realized I didn’t want scented deodorant fighting with my fragrance. Works really good, no smell and you can find it at Target at least, that’s where I got it
Literally most new cars come with these on the base models
Never have I seen it mentioned once lmao, it’s crazy. Only motorcycle patches because it has Travis on the hook
I ordered weeks ago and it finally entered the country today lmao. Usually pretty quick but this time was abnormally slow
Wow someone who gives Modern Slavery the recognition it deserves, Ive only seen it brushed under the rug when it’s a classic
i7-4790k at 4.8 Ghz. I wouldn't mention it if it wasn't high end
Because a quad core hyper threaded i7 should have no problem with any game you throw at it. They should include a disclaimer that the game doesn’t actually run properly and is unplayable before you buy *and* boot it up. I understand it’s an alpha/tech demo whatever you wanna call it, but the game literally doesn’t run. It’s a little misleading and really sad to see no improvement on whatsoever
If this was posted 1 year ago you'd be crucified so bad Jesus Christ himself would be replaced for eternity
This is front page?

Oh my Reddit....
what a shit show
So terrible
Well hey, better than the 5fps on my 1080 previously!

/s :/
Can be either. I vape just liquid with nothing in it, no nicotine.
It's actually playable? No way, I'll see if I can even boot it up. If so it's a miracle
Crypto wasn't the issue, it's the DDR4 memory shortages
Got my first update in 7 days today and it barely just entered the country lol. EMS slow af right now
Did you get a W? Thinking about getting it myself
Right, I agree with that. My parents sadly never explained any decisions made that affected me lol. If it’s something important that isn’t a split second decision or argument, it really should be explained with reasoning. But if it’s something like that, no need to mull over an in depth explanation every time
Are the off white socks supposed to have the same text on each sock so it seems lopsided? I fucking threw mine away because I thought no way that's how they actually are....

Also I've been wanting that Adidas hoodie so bad I didn't know a rep existed. Thanks fam
Wow what the hell. Also located near you and mine hasn't had a tracking update in like a week :(
I'm not the most knowledgeable but from what I've gathered I think the letters are a tad close? Looks really good to me though I'd GL but wait for others opinion
He meant "Swoosh" and its the check mark logo thing under "Nike"
I’ve dropped classes within 15 mins because of this. Dumbest shit ever
ASSC hoodie text is too far up on the back. I ordered the same one and I'm keeping it but I thought I'd let you know
Shows basically all are in stock for me
Considering how god awfully the platform is run now and many people are out of an income/job because of them, that's probably a big reason why
I think China according to the last update. I read around a little bit and I guess EMS has just been really slow with awful tracking lately so who knows. Some people just have it show up with 0 tracking updates
Yup mine hasn't had an update in 4 days. Was wondering what's up
Sort of hijacking this to ask if I should be worried if I haven't had a tracking update from EMS in 4 days? March 29 was the last movement and in all my other hauls it's always been updated daily. I'm spooked
DAE these dumb sheep paying for new things that run way better than my laughably outdated hardware
Y’all don’t like the jackets? They’re fire
This is exactly why I use Spotify. I cannot understand the way they have it set up for the life of me. It’s so badly integrated they need to decide whether they want to just stop selling music altogether or make a completely separate page for streaming/Apple Music. The integration makes 0 sense and is impossible to organize knowing what’s what. Been messed up for years now
Fr that’s how I’ve felt lookin at em too. Might have to cop, good looks bro
I love these so fucking much and you just reminded me how bad I want them again damnit
Very nice. Any idea how accurate that Gucci iPhone case is? Thing is fuckin gorgeous and I’ve been wanting one just like that for my 8 plus
Its basically the only thing I talk to my gf about lmao. No clue how you could be engaged and never mention it
Also curious
Right? Such a good song
Yup same. It’s a beautiful track, instrumentals and vocals combined
Damn idk. I guess those foods just get boring to me I can’t even get em all down. Gotta force myself to eat more
It was aight before it went 5x platinum and played every other song on the radio for 2 years straight lmao
What are you eating? 2000 sounds impossible to me. So much damn food and I consider my appetite pretty high

Edit: just saw a reply where you broke it down. Looks interesting, I’m kinda on a similar track already so I’ll have to ramp it up
Exactly! The album was dark as hell and I would argue a lot of it still isn’t even a pop sound. Starboy is way more generic sounding (I still love it to death) and yet everyone praises it now over BBTM like it was ahead of its time. Idk what happened
Lmao I respect the opinion. I’m just messing around, losers is a weaker song of the album but I still love it. I just can’t believe how many people I’ve heard shitting all over it. Used to be the other way around when it first dropped
10/10
BBTM is one of the best projects of all human history. This hurts my soul
Took me way too long to figure out why you had a confederate flag flair lmao. I was like what fucking sub is this? Oh... that makes sense
As a long time player who stopped long ago:

lmaooo, can't say I'm surprised
Yeah idk who does that. Ain’t nobody got time for changing that shit every time
Literally. Even in his vids when kids hand him pairs that are probably really good reps he's just like "Uhhh... yeah that seems to be about right! You good bro!" Like bruh you can't even tell the difference don't front lol
Yup well said. Grailed is a good go to, don't let em fuck with you no matter what
Fucking Christ I can’t believe they put her full name and a picture. If I ever won that big you bet your ass you would never hear about me ever in public
Could I use this on the green heel part of stan smiths? Want to make them all white
Damn... I use maybe a fourth of that space while playing games. Should your arm be flailing around?
Yup, it’s extremely real and they make bank because of it
McDonald’s is very addictive because of the added sugars in the food. This post is actually kinda accurate lol. Sugar addiction is the source of America’s obesity epidemic
fuck the towers i stopped playing far cry 4 after that second tower, that's how annoying and boring they were
Links for everything are right [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/FashionReps/comments/85i1aq/qc_fourth_haul_i_think_assc_ysl_goyard_cdg/dvxki1c/). Haven't even shipped it actually so I'm not sure yet haha
I regret buying it so much lol. Rivals the toxicity of CS and Overwatch
Yup. It's so sad to see. Modern competitive game modes have ruined gaming imo
People take game way too fucking seriously now. If you don't spend a minimum of 10 hours a day in the game 7 days a week you'll get shit on by every vet in the community. As someone who doesn't have time for that shit and loves online gaming, it blows
Oh haha I see. Cool
Just curious, is your job actually just specifically installing locks in hotels or you're a lock installer who happens to install them in hotels a lot? Interesting niche if the former
Interesting. I just looked up the ingredients for mio and it was propylene glycol and acesulfame potassium that are the suspects apparently known for causing an array of long term health problems. Not sure the validity of them but most sources seem to agree
Yeah you're correct. It's the weird trace ingredients known to cause problem that also show up in industrial oils and shit lol. Aspartame rings a bell like you said, forgot what the others were
They contain certain ingredients that are known to be very awful, I've read those reports to. It's not that they're gonna like make you fat or clog arteries it's just some weird preservatives they put in them. I don't really know the legitimacy of the claims but it seems pretty widely accepted. You can find artificial sweeteners on Amazon that don't contain that stuff, I've been wanting to try them out.
Sugar is literally the only thing that is an issue and is the root of 
America's obesity epidemic. Low fat foods will make you fatter
All you need to know is beer gut exists for a reason lmao
Brilliantly put. You should’ve heard the guy I argued with lmao. You’re a breathe of fresh air to me
Well said. Also, the deadliest school shooting was committed by handgun. Much easier to conceal and wield in a situation like that. Don’t hear much talk about it anymore because it’s not as scary as a big bad “assault rifle”
Couldn’t have said it better myself. Gun related deaths are one of the literal lowest risks of death out of everything lol. If the media sensationalized every single other cause of death you would never even hear the word gun. Don’t get me wrong, I think some change needs to be made but 99/100 of the people calling for that change don’t know a single thing about guns to begin with. I’m not exactly sure what “change” they want that isn’t already implemented. America’s gun issue is cultural, and sensationalized
I literally had this EXACT argument with a dude a few months back, basically word for word you and the guy you replied to. Basically what I tried to summarize, is that in a theoretical “all out war” scenario, the citizens would be absolutely demolished as the other guy said. In practicality, probably would never happen. Although it can, and has in many countries. The military of some nations has been more than willing to fight its own people. But yeah, mostly dealing with hypotheticals and you can’t deny that the military wouldn’t even be the slightest bit scathed by a war with citizens
Yup agreed
Haha damn, you earned it!
Yep morphine, thanks! Especially for pain yeah
YES! Omg thank you I could not find results anywhere lol

Edit: Solved!
chill
I agree with this post but at the same time I cannot fucking believe how fast the new series of processors are from AMD and Intel. My i7-4790k was god tier and now it gets smacked by an i5 that costs 1/3 less only one year later. It’s insane. As a streamer it annoys the hell out of me lmao. We saw hardly any difference in processors for like half a decade and then boom
Someone who buys clothes at Walmart and complains about people who care about how they look
We do. I can eat 2 pizzas and a gallon of soda in a day and lose weight overnight... it’s not fun
Wasn't a planned mass shooting, dude just wanted to kill someone he didn't like and that was the most logical place to find them at. 
For sure, people still hate new wave stuff but you can’t deny the impact. Like others have said here that was also like the only cypher I saw with real chemistry too. So fun to watch
This just made me so fucking sad lol, forgot about those streams. I miss it, but the pop is so bad I just can't bring myself to play anymore
What is Genudine? Old player who hasn't logged in in forever here, did they have to merge again?
This kid in my city who thinks he's some sorta gangster has this too lmao. Same blank but no bogo on it at all, not sure if he knows or just doesn't care but he flexes it like a mofo. So good
LOL that's what my gf says too. That's great
I went probably 10 minutes the other day and I've never sweated so much in my life
I'm a guy and didn't know foreskin existed until a friend told me when I was 14 lol
Oh hell nah gtfo
Damn this is a good one. I feel you, most of the time i don't actually know what's bothering me. It's weird
This is one of my favorite culture shifts that we're finally beginning to see. Video games are becoming more accepted in pop culture and not frowned upon. The only difference between my video games and your netflix show is that I'm doing something slightly physically and very mentally engaging that I have control over vs watching something play out on a screen.
People find it incredibly hard to stick to diets because of cravings lol. I also have no issue with cutting as I naturally find myself not eating so it's hard to relate to them, my girlfriend has struggled with it and it blows my mind because i'm just like... don't eat. It's simple. But I guess not to most others
Yeah exactly. That list was insane and marked a huge shift in the culture that we see in every artist now
The last freshman lineup was one of the worst I've ever seen so yeah agreed
Pretty much what these replies have said lmao. Can't be forced at all, it's 100% psychological and if you overthink it won't work. Annoying as fuck
Oh what the fuck I never realized that lmaoo damn
A quick google search came up with [this](https://www.biblestudytools.com/msg/deuteronomy/passage/?q=deuteronomy+14:22-26), I'm sure there's even more too. I'd actually never read it myself but now that I have I find it even more laughable lmaoo. God is like "And if you ain't got cattle, just bring money and exchange it instead!"
Considering it’s mandated in the scripture itself, both?
Lmaooo Fortnite is probably hands down *the* biggest video game of all time. Literally. Never have I seen such hype around a single title to where it becomes a household name in a matter of days where every family has it on multiple devices
No clue I don’t really care about the tags so I didn’t ask for pics of it
Yeah true I didn’t realize that. Do you happen to know of any blanks that are of similar quality? Honestly I just want a black and white hoodie that aren’t shit like gildan ones. Doesn’t even need to be a rep

Edit: also the return period is expired already so I’ll probably just wear them layered with the back covered. Is the front okay? Not super concerned cuz like others have said prob won’t get called out regardless, just curious
Yeah I’m pretty sure it’s the lighting and the fact that I chose duller colors, the blue and red/pink would probably look fire in hands after a wash
US West coast
XXL on white and black. I had to read around a lot on them and the general consensus was they run suuuper tiny and that's basically the only flaw, can be fixed by sizing way up. I'm 6'1 and they seem to be sized about right for me
Will post W2C in a sec. I've actually never posted any of my others hauls out of laziness lol. My first 2 were ridiculously huge and this one is a bit smaller, I realized I hated half the things I got and wanted to cut back on some slightly less hype stuff that won't draw crazy attention like a bogo (even though I plan on ordering more hehe... but quality over quantity from now on).

Edit: W2C

[ASSC Black/White](https://item.taobao.com/item.htm?id=536228459149)

[ASSC Seeing Double](https://item.taobao.com/item.htm?id=561001096024)

[YSL Shirts (lots of them, not sure how good any of them are but they're cheap)](https://item.taobao.com/item.htm?id=561973216574)

[Goyard Card Holder](https://item.taobao.com/item.htm?id=543020978173)

[CDG Shirts](https://item.taobao.com/item.htm?id=526064921988)

[A$AP/Guess Shirts](https://item.taobao.com/item.htm?id=559313125225)

Got some other stuff in my haul too that's non hype basics stuff like a ring and some joggers. Might do a review if I get it here soon
So like... is literally every store closing? If so that’s fucking insane. I grew up primarily in that store. So sad, I’ll have to buy some stuff for old times sake
Lmao you should see what I pay for some t shirts
Right, it's his information and guidance that was so valuable. People need to open their ears and realize how important the stuff he's been saying really is. This is the most volatile time ever and we can fuck it up real quick if we're not careful
Yeah it is a little disheartening but you probably just see them more because it's a policy that excites more people to post like myself. I have had quite a few die on me though to be honest and I have little experience with other cards so I'm sure how the rate is in comparison
LOL wtf. According to their terms that shouldn't happen
Hmm, that is a bit odd. At least they're replacing the other 980ti, mine was also in SLI but i said it wasn't because I didn't think they'd do that and would just give me another 980ti lmao. I got other uses for the other one so it's alright. My old one was a SC+ Backplate so this is basically identical in that sense.
Just commented why lmao, you beat me to it
Obligatory shill post... huge shoutout to EVGA! I had a bad card twice in a row and had to RMA for a process that took like a month long collectively, but I got this back! Super awesome from them, it’s brand new in the box. If I wasn’t a lifelong customer before I think I am now
No prob, [here](https://item.taobao.com/item.htm?id=561001096024) it is. No QC yet sadly but I think it's arrived by now, some other normal ASSC hoodies I got have pics already. Superbuy went beyond the moon with them though so i'll prob have to pay for detailed pics of all of them lol
Oh wtf lol. Yeah I did, I can link you in a few hours once I’m on my PC. Shipped out super fast too I might even have QC already
I had to sell mine because I need money. Almost cry just thinking about it
what the actual shit i was looking for something literally exactly like this last night and now this shows up right before i was about to check out. You are a god

Edit: k sorry fuck you OP this is the worst. 
Hope that’s better judging by downvotes?
damn good thing i refreshed i was about to cop lol
I’ll only eat steak if it’s well lol. I like my food dead
wow i fuck with this so hard i might have to order every color
Do you know how quality is on that?
I would almost always agree but from what I've played Fortnite is almost entirely RNG. I notice no difference on either platform, the hit scan is so god awful on both platforms and with aim assist on console its pretty comparable
If your skin is as sensitive as mine I’d be in the ER the next day if I did that lmao. Makes me jump out of my seat just thinking about it

Edit: holy shit i guess y'all know me better than i know my own body lmaooo
Ah :/ you right
Cool! Wish you the best
Yep... good thing I said “seemed” to. Not “actually happens literally always for certainty”
Inspired from Sky Walker ft. Travis
ye i smiled the first time i heard it it's clever
God forbid he ad-libs once like one of his inspirations. As a die hard Travis fan, it literally doesn't matter and I'm sure he'd love to hear it
That whole album, along with this one, was sample inspired so it makes sense
You're dating 2 people? Neat
Last I checked it sure seemed to
not big on tattoos but thats fire
That explains why I can’t smoke it lol. I’ve tried to like it so bad but it’s unbearable
Is the new one out? Every time the previews come on I clap at the end and tell my gf we're seeing it lmaoo

It's the funniest shit. Worst movies I've ever seen no contest
Uh... not even remotely accurate but good try
You snatched the words right out of my head. Well said
Lmaoo first thing me and my friends said. I’m one of the biggest logic fans there is but my god that was some garbonzo
Hell yea it is
Gotem
[Link](https://youtu.be/XZMHkytV4po) On mobile I’m not sure where it was but a few mins in near the middle. If you’ve seen the hydraulic press channel, this is his wife’s vlog. I don’t really watch vlogs but they’re really funny, it’s interesting to see their perspective as someone who lives in such a unique area
Thanks guys, lots of great feedback

Lmao in all seriousness I was watching a vlog of this girl in Finland and this dude walks into frame and I almost spit out my drink. I thought it had to be one of those meme ones that says something else but nah it straight up says supreme 😂. Dude straight flexed on my ass. 1:1 logo sizing friend
If you’re pulling out of a parking spot you need to see the rear corners of the car too and at least in my case, you can’t do that well with the mirrors. I don’t wanna veer into a kid out of the back rear window
Same except I never had a tolerance to begin with and all my highs are awful beyond a mini puff lmao
Lmao you can’t tell me what’s not true in my own area. I’ve been to every reputable one there is in search of what I want. I don’t like fades and short sides so none of them suit me personally, I like to work with longer hair and all of them will buzz it down regardless of pictures. I personally know probably half the big barbers in my city and they’re all very talented for that niche but lacking in variety. I don’t live in a major city, i think I know my area better than you
In my experience salons are better than barbershops lmao. Barbershops around here give a buzz and that’s about it
Complete opposite for me lmao. Happy you’re doing good tho, that’s awesome!
California has aircraft and drones that find your speed and alert cops to pull you over

Edit: I guess I’m being downvoted because people don’t like the fact that it’s happening?
same except more like 20 i think lol
I just commented the same thing lol. Really cool to see it
Woah. Never thought I'd see this here. I've never met anyone who knows who they are
Wow I'm like half a foot taller than you and people told me to get M lmao. Second guessing that now. I'm a similar weight tho
I am. Could you post some pics? Curious as to how they compare
I will literally buy every single one if so
Republicans
You are simply a blip on a global scale and luckily fairly insignificant alone. The thing is, once everyone starts thinking and acting like that, it *does* become a global issue. Fun fact, it already is and within my lifetime, probably even yours too, we will run out of all oil reserves. It’s a good idea to save what we have while we can because I guarantee you that is not gonna be a fun period to live in unless we change our ways
You can't be entrapped by actively doing something illegal
Speed limits exist because of gas efficiency in combustion engines. Your cars MPG will exponentially drop the further you go beyond 60mph (Even 50 IIRC) and causes way more resource drain on a global scale. We're already running out of gas. Many don't know this and I didn't until recently
Wtf ever happened to leafy? I stopped following that drama the day it started and I haven’t heard anything since
The iPad mini is 6 years old...

Fuck I’m old and I’m not even old
Damn that’s true. I ain’t even that old and we’ve come so far in just the past few years it’s crazy
Me. I hate all voice assistants but especially Siri. Anything a voice assist can do for me I can do twice as fast. Except for like setting things on calendars but I never do that heh
Right lmao. Who tf is home at 2 o clock on a weekday. Never is the answer for me
Wow maybe that explains why they kept giving me that notice without ever coming to my doorstep. I’ve had to pick up 3 packages in the past month and every single one of them never even attempted to knock on my door. Figured I was just deaf
I literally had a $400 graphics card delivered last week with no box, just a label smacked on the product itself, left on the sidewalk with no doorbell ring or door knock. Never seen anything like it in my life. I could probably get someone fired over it
From what I’ve heard most people agree papa johns is hands down the best tasting out of all the chains and it’s literally the only one I’ve never tried
You’re a fucking freak
Of course it’s not. Doesn’t mean they all shouldn’t be extremely lengthy sentences though
Literally all 10 series cards are profitable but I see the logic behind your plan
Same, it ain’t wrong lol
Any idea why my 980Ti gets 1Mh/s on DaggerHashimoto?
This guy fucks
Same I gotta pay off some stuff before I can hodl as much as it pains me. I’ve finally got over a litecoin and I don’t wanna get rid of it
Hm okay. And yeah sorry it was my 1060 I plugged in, but my 980Ti is also so abnormally low I’m just trying to figure out what’s wrong. Not a big deal since I’m sure you’re right, just confuses me why it’s not working right
Whattomine told me I’d be making basically twice as much as equihash unless I read all the information completely wrong (which I probably did, no clue how to use that website even after months of trying lmao)
No difference :(
980 Ti
Yeah I was gonna say even good CZ is damn near indistinguishable without the tools and experience in the industry
Exactly. They continue to exist for a reason and they're not going away
Opening lootboxes is pretty undeniably fun. Buying them however is not
Thanks, that's what ima use too. Any experience with previous batches of those?
I'm sure this is a dumb question but I've only ordered rep shoes once. Do you order those through an agent or straight to doorstep? Those are so damn cheap I'm tempted to cop rn

Edit: Just clicked checkout and it brought me to agent selection lmao. nvm
lmfao if someone saw my ass with a patek or audemars I'd get robbed and then made fun of
Indeed I do. I can't complain about it too much because I'm not fully putting in the effort I should. I'm not really that unhealthy weight wise, just very skinny and at the very very bottom end of a normal BMI. Combine that with being really tall and things get a bit lanky. Gonna really up my diet and start lifting soon here. Also congrats on getting at that healthy BMI! Awesome stuff
Haha that was my same thought process too. Thank you! Much appreciated
Same I can't fathom how fast some people eat. Makes me feel like I'm gonna explode and couldn't gain weight if I tried (which I am)
Thanks for tryna help, looks like I narrowed it down to the GPU which is the last thing I expected lol. Swapped it out and all is working well. Guess I gotta RMA it a second time
It was. Brand new from EVGA RMA too. Time to ship it back yet again! yaaay
Just tried all my restore points and none work :( I’ll lose all my files if I re install right?
Seems neat. How do you like it?
This is a must. I never shit even in my house without a splash back tp in toilet guard.

Too many times...
Right, interesting. Thanks!
I get what you mean. Some are definitely gimmicks but all the ones mentioned in here have very real and strong results, especially for acne prone skin like mine. It’s a necessity. Acne isn’t just cosmetic, it’s a condition that can cause very serious pain and damage if left untreated. Plus the other plethora of skin conditions that can be be pretty severe, and a lot are very common. The skin is the largest organ in your body and faces some pretty rough conditions. Always good to look after it
Doesn’t vitamin C make your skin way more susceptible to burning in the sun? I’ve never seen one without a warning about it. Especially retinoids, absolutely can’t be worn during the day without extreme sunscreen application (which would still be stupid to do)
Seriously. As a guy with acne it’s not an option. Blows my mind that not all guys even include a basic cleanser and moisturizer. Makes your skin pop like mad
But then you can’t hear the game
It basically turned into a meme-y prestigious /r/malefashionadvice combined with every default sub lol. I’ve been a member of streetwear since it was at like 10k so I’ve seen it absolutely explode and it really has nothing to do with what it originally was, I guess it doesn’t really matter at this point, it’s just kinda sad. The mods have made some weird decisions trying to contain it too
You obviously know nothing about that sub because at this point all top outfits are pure high end designer. Has nothing to do with streetwear anymore
I literally have never used those buttons in my life because I never know what they mean on any phone and I don’t wanna risk my phone continuing to go off for half an hour while I’m showering
Uh oh... streetwear trending again
Except instead of applying and taking a job where you’re knowingly taking on work and responsibility, you’re literally just being born
Thank you for this, well said. We just gotta get along and love each other. No one here now stole or had their land stolen directly, the past is fucked up but it is indeed the past
That’s insane. You had nothing to do with your past ancestors decisions and neither does hardly anyone alive right now. The shit that happened in the past is fucked up and needs to be made up somehow, but it’s not like that land was even hers either. It was her distant relatives. You can’t put the blame on people born now for the actions of those hundreds of years ago, that doesn’t quite add up
I get what you mean but in this case it's pretty straightforward. Says "Search" with an hourglass at the top where a searchbar would be the moment you open the app, not exactly hidden
Literally you don’t have to touch a single thing except the search bar on the top the moment you open the app lol
I would imagine the same thing that happens when a bullet goes in you from the front
I'm also having the not available in region even though I'm in the US lol. I have to refresh after every click to get the message to disappear
came here to ask the same thing lol... somethings fucked up
Damn. Guess I dodged a bullet lol. I didn’t know their market had changed so quick
Wait foreal? I was just getting them for resale. Last I checked they were going for over 1k wtf
I FUCKING WON THE HYPERADAPT 1.0S AND MY CARD DECLINED AHHHHHHH KILL ME FUCK
Yup. Without magazines being the only trend setter, things wont change as fast and people will become more individualized in their style choices. People just wear whatever they want now
Fashion is very hard to pin though. The vast majority of people today still wear sweatpants and the first graphic tee they pick up at old navy when they leave the house. High fashion will always be "trendy" but not a single person actually wears that stuff, its an art form. 99% of people don't give a shit what they wear as long as it isn't dirty
Very true. I think in the future we'll see all of those aesthetics represented in different cultures. Flat/minimalist will probably reign though
Still blows my mind. Probably one of the biggest human phenomenons in history
Well, if you wanna get technical that’s quite literally a textbook definition of a slippery slope. There have been disgusting cases of police officers mishandling situations, no doubt about it. But why would you automatically assume a responsible armed individual is going to decide one day they want to randomly shoot up their classroom of their own students? It’s possible, sure. It’s also possible your mom could walk into your room and shoot you while your sleeping. Just because something can happen doesn’t mean it will
Bingo. Apparently many believe a better solution is to simply die than protect yourself and thwart a threat potentially saving countless lives. Thank you for being a voice of reason lol
Same thing that happens if any other person in this world does
Yeah exactly, he just wanted revenge. He said he wanted to kill anyone who stood in his way including the children lol. I was like damn... I mean I guess
Agreed, no one can accurately make that call 100% of the time, everything requires judgement. It’s very complex and we have to combat it from all angles. I still stand by the option to have armed teachers but I don’t think that’s the end all solution
The US is in no way superior and we have a lot of backwards shit, gun legislation being one of them. Of course I agree with that. They need to be harder to get with more training to have them. But they’re nothing to be afraid of if properly handled, they can save your life in many situations which is why so many people here cling to them. Europe has far more terror attacks than the US, our media just loves to sensationalize ours. Does that mean we should ignore the issue or downplay it? Of course not, it’s downright awful the shit that we’ve seen happen, but you can’t act like it’s only us. People love to use Australia as an end all case even though it’s an isolated island with a fraction of a fraction the amount of guns in circulation compared our country. Apples are not oranges. A lot of weird arguments popping up that make no sense when we should all be on the same side on these things. Our issue is cultural with a plethora of other things attached to it such as gun control, mental health, etc. Why not try to fix the cause from the root of the problem *and* shoot back when/if it happens? That’s my viewpoint
I know, it’s terrifying. Can you imagine believing teachers should just wait until the slaughtering is over without a fighting chance? 
Most are, definitely some outliers which is why my statement was subjective
Very true, it’s a tricky situation. Who’s to say someone in a police uniform couldn’t shoot up a school? That’s something going through everyone’s head in a situation like that, I’m not sure there’s a surefire way to diagnose it. I think in a vast majority of cases it would be pretty obvious though, you hear gunshots, walk out in the hall and see your colleague with a drawn handgun in a defensive position vs a student with a rifle walking down a hall shooting everything in sight. All subjective though
Key word: responsible
One with a rifle slaughtering surrounding peers? I would sure hope so
That’s very true, we’ll never know until put in the situation ourselves. I still believe it could help though, responsible armed individuals will certainly do no harm. If they’re able to get a gun and concealed permit in the first place there shouldn’t be a worry, and if there is then the system is flawed and needs a reform, which in some states I absolutely think there needs to be.
Any armed teacher with a concealed carry permit would absolutely protect their life and others around them. I’m not talking about forcing teachers to be armed, I’m saying let them have the option if they wish. I would absolutely potentially give my life to save children around me and I would hope my fellow humans would do the same with such a power in their hands. 
Point A is such a slippery slope that I fell
Thank you for using logic. This thread is lacking in it
Gun are bad so of course not! I’d rather witness my students being slaughtered than handle a weapon because that scares me

/s
No it’s not. The security guard at the Parkland shooting literally heard the gunshots for 4 minutes and did nothing but stand outside and listen, and he was out on suspension and resigned as of today. Just because there’s one guard at a school doesn’t mean they’ll be Superman every time
Of course we are. A teacher should be able to defend themselves and their students since in most scenarios the shooter is already inactive before police arrive. Would save countless lives
Commenting hella late but you look so good in that last pic godamn. I need a suit like that
You should be able to live under the assumption a drunk driver won’t crash into your car and kill your entire family. Life isn’t always pretty, shit happens. That argument doesn’t make sense. No teacher should be mandated by law to defend against an attacker but they should be able to if they wish
Yeah I think I’ll defend myself in a life or death situation rather than kindly ask my killer to pause as I dial 911 and wait for assistance
Dope, thanks. Did you order large in most of those? I’m about your same measurements
Damn that’s some nice stuff, def gonna be getting some for mine. Do you know how the ASSC hoodies are? Close to 1:1?
Yeah I’ve felt that. I managed to cop like 4 pairs of the newer yeezys for retail so I don’t feel as bad about it anymore since I’ve gone through the legit process many times. Honestly if your shoes are V2s from any batch in the past year and a half they’re un-calloutable and no one even from this sub will be able to tell on feet unless they’re pure fufu. Just rock em and don’t worry about it, I just say I ate the resale price on mine and no one cares. Only I know what’s in my wallet
Seriously... I don’t even wear half the shit I bought a month ago. What’s wrong with me
I feel exactly the same and I’m only 18. Really weird stuff. I’m just so exhausted and stressed I don’t even feel like it anymore. Idk what to do
You’re waaaay more likely to get killed walking down a sidewalk so don’t stress it too much
I think you’re the first person I’ve ever seen besides myself say it. It’s quite obvious, the issue is cultural. Over 60% of our gun deaths are suicides to begin with, you’re statistically more likely to die in basically any other way than a gun death, and yet it’s sensationalized like crazy. People are depressed as fuck here and negativity is everywhere. I’m guilty of it myself, it’s hard not to be with the state of a lot of things. I’m not sure how to go about fighting this issue besides a cultural shift and less glorification of shooters plastering their face everywhere
First thing I saw was the shooters face plastered everywhere and quotes of him apologizing. I’ve never seen it as bad as Parkland
Am I the only one who liked the newest one waaay fucking more than whatever the one before it was. With the magical thing that can animate into like any substance/being? Forgot the whole plot of the movie because it was so awful
I was saying I’m skinny as hell and I’m in trouble if people complain about him being skinny when he’s clearly in a healthy weight for his height
Luckily my issue isn’t financial, just motivational. I just can’t fucking stand college but also don’t know what to do with my life. I struggle with it daily. I have 2 exams due tomorrow and I’ve barely even cracked the book open this term. I think my biggest issue is I don’t even know what degree I’m going for, so once I figure that out maybe it’ll motivate me more. I wish I could just train for a job on site without wasting years of shit I won’t use lol
My BMI is normal but veeeery close to dipping into underweight
I’m 6’2 and weigh a few pounds more than you lmaoo. God help me if people think you’re skinny
10 am - 8pm for me. If I haven’t dropped out by next month I will be in awe of myself
They bought them out and killed it off. The page still claims it’s under development but it’s been years and most have agreed it’s never going to happen because they’re too lazy to follow through with it
Ah okay dope thanks. Yeah hopefully not, the rest of us gotta eat
spoilers lmao
Hollup 170... link? Insta cop at that price
I still like the V1s way more even though I only have V2s. Both are dope tho
What the shit? I never heard or saw a single thing about them. Those are so nice I’m angry
Lmaooo... mining will never go away unless the government bans it nationally
Basically makes all his money off of selling the promise of getting rich with his knowledge now. It’s a pretty genius business model
You should definitely spread it for full coverage unless you’re talking about something else
Put it on and spread it
Back in your day games were 1/1000th of the size and complexity of what they are now
Is that modded?
Yeah Trudeau wasn’t even serious about that lol
Our military has also come a looong way even since Vietnam. Also, we could have still won that war if we absolutely wanted to regardless of bloodshed/loss. The US vs citizens scenario is so hypothetical that I don't think it's too unreasonable to draw that comparison. The government could just nuke us at that point lol.
Exactly lol. I had one of the most heated arguments in my life over a guy trying to convince me the citizens of the US could overthrow and destroy our government in a military conflict. I told him I'd love to see him shoot a cruise missile down with his buckshot and AR-15 while he gets sniped from 2 miles away. There's no fucking way anyone on this earth could put up a half decent fight with our military, no matter how large the civilian "army".
I understand the origin of the second amendment and I still support it, but that point is almost completely moot in this day and age. An AR-15 won't protect you from a UAV
I had an argument with someone on here a couple months back who refused to believe me lmao. 100% of my income was disposable in high school. I could’ve bought a new car off the lot working fast food. It’s not hard when you don’t have bills idk why people don’t believe it
No one who actually has a high IQ will brag about their IQ
Why do people fucking insist on trying on others glasses. If i set them down for any longer than 4 seconds unattended every person in the room will have a game of telephone with them until everyone has commented on how they can't properly see with the glasses on, and what their eye sight is. I'm a straight up asshole to anyone who tries to grab them now. Fuck off and don't touch my glasses you freak...

anyway it gets a little annoying
ah .., yes, I UNDERSTAND What you mean.......... i have NO clue wwhy their incapable off properly   ,,,,, typing !

I shit you not that's exactly how my grandma types
S e a r c h b a r i s u s e l e s s
Do you know any tutorials for how? I’ve never done it before but that’d be dope
yeah probably some teen fucking around but scary as hell
i looked at that picture for literally .06 fucking seconds and my heart jumped

godamn hell nah
So how can I buy these if western union declines every transaction I try to make with any card?
Christ. Whats the temp outside your house?
He’s the only account I’ve ever blocked in my 5 years of using twitter
Ah okay cool thanks
Exactly lmao
5ghz is basically wired at this point lol. For me at least
They're fashionable here too, you just rarely see the ones that are because of the stigma around them being grandpa shoes. People don't look deeper than that
Do you have all those PSUs daisy chained with the multiple PSU adapter things? Or just plug em straight into the cards
Ah cool. That’ll help me sleep a slight bit better lmao
Just spent 3 hours in that sub. Not sure if it’s intended to be fiction or real experiences
Fucking christ
Jesus fuck how much snot is their nose producing?
Interesting. I paid $600 new for it literally a couple months ago and never saw anything close to it for the spec. Friend of mine paid over 1000 for one specced basically identical too lol. Spent weeks researching and every website pointed to mine for best bang for the buck so I didn’t scour eBay too much. Guess I’ll have to drop the price
Yeah they just made it cheaper if anything so you can individually order whatever you want without getting the whole meal
I’m a bit slow so what I took from that comment was a billiard ball is smoother than the earth at a shrunken scale, correct?
But le raddit army says it bad
I’m over a decade younger than you and I already feel that some days lol. 13 year old me could fap 4 times in an hour but now I need like a day long cooldown at least
Not much, and the GPU should long outlive it’s usefulness at full load with minimal effect on lifespan as long you’re under 100C
You've genuinely had meetings held over your clothing? I can't imagine a more dystopian work environment than that
My razor mice have been the most reliable piece of tech I’ve ever owned lmao. I didn’t know a mouse was capable of lasting so long
My girlfriend lost 20lbs in the past month and just gets hotter everyday. It's crazy
Using SATA at all is ill advised and powering multiple risers with one cable is a great way to melt a connector and start a fire
Coinbase to paypal has down for 12 days with no fix in sight
Seems about right. That's a high fan speed
I had it actually fix something for me once too and I didn’t even know it was possible
Lol yeah these cards won’t even throttle until they hit 105C, 80 is nowhere even close to strenuous
64 is almost abnormally cool. Anything below 85 (even 90 honestly) is completely safe
Your entire unpaid balance is tied only to the wallet it was originally pointed to and cannot be changed. You need to reach .01 BTC for it to pay out no matter what, so you can either wait until your entire unpaid balance is fully credited (probably will take over a year judging from their statement) or get the initial 10% they’re gonna give you in February, mine to .01 BTC, get it paid out and continue the cycle indefinitely until you have all of your unpaid balance in the wallet it’s pointed to. Bottom line though is you will only receive payments to an external wallet if the entire balance is .01 BTC, until then everything is still stuck in limbo on NiceHash’s system
Well said. It's definitely nothing to do with the original streetwear you would've found here before but oh well
lmao first time I've seen someone else say it
yeah there was nothing even remotely edgy about that comment why are people making it seem divisive? Just an obvious fact
I've been checking literally every 15 minutes since it went down as all my money is stuck there. So annoying
Pm
Ah true I was thinking of a regular 1080
You could prob power 6 comfortably
Interesting. Walmart and McDonald’s are the only 2 places I’ve ever been to that haven’t required a pin with the chip
This sub in particular is one of the most toxic I’ve ever interacted with lmao. I’ve had such irrational arguments and mass downvoting here it’s scary
This sub was originally all about thrifting mixed with hype brands like supreme, bape, etc and no one cared which one you were into. It’s interesting to see the shift entirely over to designer brands. I’m shocked by the outfits posted everyday now because it used to never be like this. You do you and don’t stress it, you don’t have to fit in with an always changing community. This subreddit was founded on the mantra, “if you like it, rock it”
I’m not really sure what you’re asking lol. The hole to put clothes in the machine is on top so I pick up my dirty laundry basket and pour it in the top
I once pulled up to a house at like 3-4am to pick up girl, and I was one house over to the one I was supposed to be at. I shit you not 3 seconds after I knocked a dude in his pajamas answers the door probably in his mid 40s. I was so startled that anyone except her was awake that I just asked if she was there and when he said no I awkwardly apologized that I had the wrong house and left. Probably the most cringe thing that's ever happened to me
This entire story is 100% child abuse and should be so illegal the school should be shut down or completely re staffed due to such gross negligence from everyone involved
I exclusively dump clothes into my top loading washer
You made the right decision that I wish others would make as well. Endless respect for you and others who do the same
Seriously I hate that shit. Automatically casts to everything in range with one accidental click
When I think of hardcore I just think of rough. Truly hardcore stuff like that I could see being a little alarming but even then I don’t see much of an issue as long as you only act on it consensually if you ever do. 
I’ve talked to maybe 4 girls in the past decade
Maybe that explains why I usually hate weed highs. If I take more than 2 hits I’m so detached from reality that it loses all fun and is just a pain in the ass. I feel like such a lightweight so it’s hard to stop so early lol. Plus I love the taste of it
Is it a one time thing? Because I haven't hit it yet and if they disable it again im gonna kms
Yeah it’s literally like they took a mold of my ear and created them around it for me. So dope
On of course. If you’re gonna take it off buy another identical bomber for a quarter of the price. It’s a statement piece
Yeah that list is basically the exact roadmap for the administration
Yeah I haven't washed my face at night in like 3 weeks and haven't had a single spot since. Idk what's happening
This could’ve been like 7 different subs I’m in lmao. Beautiful setup, this is basically exactly what I’d like to have eventually. So clean. I need a damn ultra wide smh
same i had to take a solid 60 seconds to decide if I wanted to continue the story
I've only mined with SLI enabled and am making way more profits than I should be and have never encountered an issue. Are you sure?
I see no reason why you would need to in the first place. Everyone should just be required to make an account on their website and have the balance attached to their account that they can switch between their wallets at will until payout. It’s not like the money has actually been delivered yet, it’s just a number that represents what they’ll eventually get paid out
Yep, it'll take me 8 months to reach that. Once I hit .01 I'll switch back to awesome miner if they haven't figured out a system of transferring balance to internal or other coin payouts. I find it fascinating that they can't create a button that you can click to switch between internal and external. Shouldn't be this hard
That's exactly my point. And we'll look back in 20 years from now with the same mind set of current tech. Smart phones will be replaced with something new and be seen as the stepping stone to a new type of technology (probably wearables/bionic shit), so on and so forth. But you also can't deny the exponential growth of the last decade compared to the last 200 years. That's why it's a particularly fascinating time as you saw that upward trend of computational power and adoption take place with such drastically more effective methods
I’m so fascinated with 2000s culture. Such an interesting time period between modern technology and prior outdated formats of communication and data storage, etc growing up and being mass adopted. Also how over the top advertising was and the material design of everything. I could read about it endlessly, it was such a different time yet so recent. I was too young to experience it too in depth but I remember some late stuff
Yeah I somehow managed to build my first PC without it at like 14-15 and I have no clue how the hell I did
ITT: Reddit trying to commentate on fashion
As someone who was too young to remember this it blows my mind how people thought it would be a fucking global epidemic apocalypse just from the date going up on a computer. Did no one understand how they work? And why would you ever log a year as 2 digits instead of 4+ lol
Yeah, you'd be surprised how much damage you can do just from even talking incorrectly
lmao
144hz all the way, maybe even combined with 1440p if you can afford it, that’s what I did and it’s the ultimate combo of eye candy. I can’t play on a lower refresh rate anymore, the difference is so drastic once you see it you can never go back. You just gotta experience it for yourself
This sub is basically MFA and sneakers is the old streetwear now lol. They completely swapped
Improved battery life which seems to be the number one complaint with any phone including iPhones, yes.
Lmao well said. God forbid a product is optimized to work better
Yeah I go TTS and take out insoles if it’s too tight. I went with half a size up on these and I’ll see how it is once I get em
My blue tints haven’t arrived yet but I saw some guy yesterday with a pair that looked exactly like these and I thought they were just really bad zebras. These don’t look blue at all, just faded. I wonder if that’s how they look IRL
Damn baby are you home is one of my top all time songs
You’re the first person I’ve ever seen think you was right I was wrong is the worst song on LUV vs the world and I agree 100%. Loved the whole project except that song.
Yeah it took me 30 seconds into my first game to permanently disable voice chat lol
Literally all of your first 4 points are wrong. What are you on about
Same I just used my license a couple weeks ago and I'm good to go
Yup, looks like I ain't gonna be using it. It'll take me way too long to get payouts when I get paid daily from other sources in better currencies as well
Yup doesn't work for me either
Link doesn't work at all for me

edit: I'm dumb nvm it does. Thanks
What if you never made an account with Nicehash and used an external wallet but didn't meet the threshold. Will that money be returned?
The lowest fee I’ve seen $16. I can’t even transfer anything anymore because of how astronomical it is
They really are amazing. I need to go pick up more right now
Completely makes a difference but now that everyone's doing it they're either gonna have to find a way to fix that exploit or you're gonna have to have a minimum of 20+ tabs to have a slight chance of copping
There's a method for getting potentially infinite pairs on ADC lmao... I wish I had more money fuck. Pretty big vulnerability

Edit: I don't wanna share to encourage copping ridiculous amounts of pairs but I'll do it anyway I guess. If you sucessfully checkout on Adidas, you can open another tab and you're immediately in and can checkout. I'm at the purchase screen but like I said I ain't got money so rip
W on ADC!
Means you're in line. First people to click get em first until they're sold out
Usually on the hour but this release is all over the place
wtf really? rip
Are you guys talking about YS outside of the US? Or did I miss it lmao
Yeah I'm making more than Nicehash with it, pretty sweet
Possibly although I tried everything I could to exclude the program from it. I think I’ve narrowed the issue down to turning off my monitors, whenever I use this command script that turns them off it seems to stop after a little while. So I guess I’ll just have to fall asleep with my screens on lol
One of my biggest gripes with TFA was how I couldn’t take him seriously, and they turned that completely around in this film. Awesome performance
Yeah I noticed that too I was like wut. Seemed pretty apparent every time it fired
I agree Snoke died too easily but the resistance got fuckin annihilated the whole movie lol, was almost discouraging to wonder what the hell happens in the next movie if everyone is dead
I loved the movie but I agree with a lot of what you said. Almost all the comedy is out of place and over used, and a lot of ridiculous stuff like Leia in space made me scratch my head
Agreed. My favorite part of the movie
Pretty much summarized every thought I had. Well put. Loved the movie but there was a lot of shit that felt a little ridiculous and out of pace. Snoke died so easily I was just like... welp... guess that’s over. Loved the fight scene after though, my favorite part of the movie.
You’re perfectly normal weight for your height
Never said that. Just explaining where that idea stems from
Think of it in the same way of voter suppression. Can’t afford to vote? Guess you’re not voting. Can’t afford to pay for a social media package from your ISP? Guess your opinions aren’t being voiced publicly anymore
Nah not currently. Just the stock boost
My Awesome Miner just stops mining for apparently no reason. I excluded the folders for the miners from my antivirus and everything. Any help? I've disabled everything except Equihash as that seems to be the most profitable right now but I'm so new to this that idk if that's sustainable long term and what I'll do once it's no longer viable to mine on that.
I planned on using goat to sell my stuff but they didn’t accept my seller request in time so I sold everything through stockx and went smoothly. I do like goats interface more tho
I had to take mine out too. When deciding what size to get everyone said TTS or half size down everywhere I looked. Immediately after I got them everyone switched to saying half size up which became apparent the moment I put them on. Idk why it flip flopped so fast lol
They’re literally indestructible. Just another reason they’re my favorite earbuds
Exactly. If I'm not reimbursed in the form of BTC I won't be coming back
Aight you da best thanks
Ohh okay awesome. One last question lol, do I exclude the whole folder for each or narrow it down like an .exe or .xml etc?
Okay, thanks. I excluded the Awesome Miner file, but do you think that'll fix it or will I have to manually exclude every mining process? Because that I'm not sure how to do at all
Mine closes it randomly too, just had to restart it right now as it seemed to turn off all of last night. How do you add it to the exclude list?
My thoughts exactly. The profit seems to be pretty similar but it just takes so long to see it all convert to BTC and see it sitting there in a bunch of different decimals of currency. Oh well, it's the best method there is currently
I got it working too after days of trying but awesome miner randomly stops for no reason and won't start back up until I manually do it. I have auto restart and everything enabled. Ugh
Yeah it really ain’t that expensive even without it. I listen to at least 30 songs a month I would’ve otherwise bought so it saves a ton of money for me
Lmao I feel this on a spiritual level
Yeah and to be fair all V2s have been like that to an extent. They all vary so much it’s hard to tell
I agree but the color reproduction can vary so much in cameras. When I got mine in person I was surprised at how much better they look compared to pictures
Yeah exactly. The fact that this happened in the first place is pure negligence. If anyone here ran the company instead that money would’ve been way more secure. Really frustrating
Seriously. I was like uh... first of all, never ask the internet to track someone down. Second of all, that job is on you not us
that was awful
I guess they ain't feelin it anymore
I've tried literally everything in this thread and cannot get a single one to work. God I suck at this lmao
Good lord. This is gonna be a pretty historic breach
Yep I lost all of mine just trying to meet the minimum threshold. Ugh
Yeah any half decent rep at this point is .999:1. Impossible to tell on feet.
I’m super late but did anyone do this with pens? I had a kit that let me make these super thick pens that you filled with colored sand
Oh cool! His Instagram is @bendoeslife
Did you happen to post it all on Instagram? I followed some guy who did the same like last year I believe

Edit: just checked and he did in 148 days so probably not. Still awesome though!
Try Sunday night via text from your boss
Yep. I love when people floor it around me when I'm going over the speed limit already and immediately pull up to a red light beside me. Good job buddy, you just wasted gas for literally no reason. 
With my height and metabolism combined with exercise it takes me at least 3500 calories a day to put on any weight. I’ve resorted to drinking as much calories as I can because that’s the only way I can get it down. It also doesn’t help that I feel full after like half a sandwich lol
Seriously. I’m all for biking/walking but good lord we need some wider roads or at least ones that are a tad smoother than the surface of the moon
Damn that store is legit? I've been looking for a simple way to order them and that seems awesome if true
I wish this was a joke. Portland is like downtown Manhattan now without the proper infrastructure to support it. Fucking insane
Nike began selling shoes out of car trunk. Can’t let anyone stop your grind
That PC is worth more than my house
I don’t even consider 60fps playable anymore. 144fps has ruined me
The good news is that’s not true so you don’t have to wrap your head around it. The game is fun as hell and way better than the old version
I do it with yeezys too lmao. No one can tell the dif at this point if it’s a half decent rep
Wtf. That would scare the shit out of me
That's the biggest thing for me. Boutta pick up like 6 games digitally on sale rn just because of that
I’ve never seen a tub with an overflow drain, our sinks do though
5 gallons a minute? Holy shit that seems like a lot more than mine. I’m curious now
Not how it always works. I wish it did
Yep, my parents do it now too. It’s the worst
that was fucking beautiful
That's me rn. Spinning wheel of death
Not necessarily, but this time it probably is since there's way less stock
this dude has a weird lengthy history
Just adidas (dot com). I asked the same question earlier and got downvoted lol. Never in any release have I seen people refer to Adidas as ADC.
I was trying to get a size 6 on ADC but every size was sold out until I finally got a size 9 to go through. Damn, guess I'll sell it and try to swap
Holy fuck it went through! I can't believe it
I'm through on ADC rn and it won't let me place order. just refreshes... help!

Edit: W! Thanks guys
Random but it's about to be over in like 5 mins
I usually size down so I would hope so
I typed everything manually and messed up multiple times and still copped. Idk how
Easy for me too
I refreshed randomly and woke up like 2 hours late today bc I thought these dropped at 8 PST, and I got a W on YS. I have no idea how, I just refreshed, got in line, and waited a minute or two and I was in. Must have accidentally done it pretty early
HAHA holy fuck I copped on YS! 

W
Oh true lol. I’ve never seen anyone call it that
What’s ADC?

Edit: oh no guys plz
Exactly what I did too lmao. And then deleted them after
3300 tickets and L

Rip
Agreed, I’ve worn my zebras like twice because I’m too big of a pussy to draw that much attention lol. Prob gonna wear em today like you did in that pic, black joggers and shirt
Lmao we out here
Man I swear every time I see the belugas off foot I think there’s no way you could rock that in an outfit and then see shit like this and wanna insta cop. So clean
Not gonna lie this is the best looking pic of them I’ve seen so far
Me too, almost there
Holy shit I didn’t realize it either, thought they at least had white plastic underneath to make it opaque or something. That’s pretty sick
Looks good to me. Any PK V2 yeezys in the past year are probably 1:1 at this point guaranteed lol
They pretty good, just not something I would listen to that often I guess. I’m into repetitive hooks like the first 3 have lol. Just listened to those again tho and appreciated them a little more
Hmm What The Price disagrees my man
First 3 songs are classics and the rest is meh imo
To be fair, as much as I liked those songs they were also the weakest on Culture. Hopefully this album is the same way
Christ that dude was dead the moment he sat down
Mine was completely sold out store wide lol
Nah, just lack of optimization
Does it really? That’s interesting
Using a third party camera app might fix it. I’m not sure though
Literally this. Every man in my family does this daily, especially my grandparents and they’re fuckin brainwashed because of it
Pretty hard to defend yourself when your party is shitty in every aspect
Honestly I probably wouldn’t have even seen it either. I almost always look down when I run and even if you were looking straight ahead she was pretty close and the bar was pretty high up to begin with
This kind of thing just proves that literally anything is possible. Amazing, so happy for you
Yeah that shits the worst. Absolute biggest nightmare
beyond salty
Nah I didn't :( thanks tho
fingers crossed man
Hasn't even told me if I got the AF1 or not but I'm assuming not

Edit: Nope
bruh that was my biggest fear with my sweaty ass fingers lmaooo
That took like 10 seconds to refresh for me fuck
deadass i'll be first in line
Double L 0/5
Had about 6 errors now i'm pending

L it seems
vapormaxes are my grails, jesus be with me
L
The app refreshed multiple times showing me some sizes sold out, and then all in stock, and now just a loading screen. RIP app
so bad lol smh
Said my gift card lacked funds using Apple pay. Hello?
My step grandpa does. He also has severe underlying mental health issues and took out his life savings and spent it on gun ammunition and liquor because he believes alcohol will be the only form of currency after the apocalypse caused by Planet X. 

I wish I was joking lol, but they’re definitely out there. He spends the majority of his day locked in his computer room reading about these types of conspiracies and believes basically every one of them. Also believes the government is using “FEMA camps” as a modern day holocaust the public is unaware of. He tore apart his car engine and is trying to find a way to make it run on water too. 

I could go on and on
Wow the glowing part is pretty sick actually I didn’t  know they did that
Yep, real picture taken from space
There are two types of men in this world. Ass men, and stupid men. 
Yup. Happens to me in my playlist of 750+, always the same 50 songs
It is. Good luck
Yeah I might too honestly, I could never get into it but maybe having it on the go will help. If not I’ll just sell it
I will literally give my fucking life to stop EA. Whatever it takes, I am ready
Fr it’s hilarious. /r/gamingcirclejerk is my new fav sub. I don’t think I’ve ever seen such a wave of brave neckbeards, this takes the cake.
 
 

Oh fuck I mean uh... microtransactions are literally worse than the holocaust

 

Now I should get some upvotes rolling in
Hell yeah, I picked that up too. Super fun
Do it. The game is still awesome
Considering the graphic is wrong in multiple ways, I would agree with that
The original battlefront 2 is one of my favorite games of all time and it fucking sucks compared to the new one. The campaign in the original was instant action with a text screen before it lol
Except the game is still fun as hell no matter what and your quality of life remains unaffected
Nope, the game is still gonna be a massive commercial success and this “boycott” will do nothing
I could easily get a script for just about anything. Doctors don't care to talk, just prescribe and send you on your way
That sub is fucking hilarious omg. Most accurate thing I’ve seen thus far
Seriously the only reason you buy a new car is to feel good about how much money you make. Save half the cost and buy a 1 year old car
Yeah true I'm kinda doing the same with both. I got the 8 plus and gonna hop on the XS or whatever it's called next
S0 still going strong

(jk it’s so slow please help)
Deadass if it wasn’t over hyped satire the white on camo looks kinda dope lol
Which is funny because you’d get flamed for that outfit on here 2 years ago lol
Looks like you and me are the only ones here who enjoyed it lmao. Wasn’t that bad
I’m pretty sure at one point the lock screen would display the previous day if it was before like 2am. Maybe I was crazy but I remember seeing it a few times
Nope, the button never existed to begin with
This has already been debunked, there was never a refund button for pre ordered games. Calm down everyone
No it won’t. Nothing is gonna change regardless and battlefront 2 will still be a massive commercial success. Good luck tho
Which is funny because destiny 2 had the exact same blowout over absolutely nothing
It’s pay to win faster, which you could argue is pay to win but it’s still something you can get without it
how dare thy contest the circlejerk
That is 100% not true lmao. In the new COD I've never even seen paid loot boxes advertised at all, I'm not even sure if it's in the game yet, and they only offer cosmetics. No gun unlocks
They don't, it's just skins and you still have to unlock the gun itself to even be able to use it. Ignore the ciclejerk
I still impulsively 3D Touch every icon on my home screen when I’m bored. From the moment I got my 6S I wondered to myself if this would be a habit I would keep and sure enough it still is lol. So addicting, it’s like a fidget cube built into my home screen
Unless you hand made what you’re wearing rn you’re also wearing the same thing as everyone else
Kinda how I feel right now tbh. I love my girlfriend but I also wanna be a lone wolf doing my own thing sometimes. It sucks when you don’t know what you want lol
Come on over to /r/Kyle
Yeah I have no clue what these guys are talking about. The “explicit/disgusting/etc” videos are all just disney characters who throw on a blanket and make kissing noises. If your kid can’t handle that you need to parent them better
That video isn’t bad at all. It’s probably some weird ass family trying to make money off giving their daughter her medicine. Also that entire sub reddit is so soft I can’t even tell if it’s satire or not 
damn wtf I never thought above that
Some need 3 but yeah you're mostly correct. Chest and ears are the best because they last longer and keep the scent closer to your body rather than flailing around as you move your arms if you sprayed on the wrist
Yeah mine does seem to be very slightly different too. I would've never noticed lol
Maybe that’s why I ended up liking more a little after it came out. Idk when they changed it but I remember the first time I heard it I was like eh not too bad and then a few weeks later I listened again and was like damn... shits lit
I don’t get it, I can type the letter I and see it fine, but sometimes it shows up as the glitch on other peoples post. Is that because their phone is posting the characters weird and they can’t see it? Or can they see it? I’m confused
Haha true I invested in a Mr. Coffee the beginning of my college term and it’s the best
Wow. This is why I’ve constantly shut mine down from those types of things. Camming, sugar daddies, etc. Way too slippery of a slope
I might tell mine too lmao
That just sounds so bizarre. I’d hire an escort if I wanted sexual contact from a female, I don’t wanna sit there while a girl gives a lap dance and I can’t do anything including even touching her. 
Damn, looks like I’ll be switching.
How do you go about getting Molly and viagra?
Can you do that with Apple Music?
They should have been released imo, as awful as it sounds people are too dense to change things without seeing the horror with their own. It’s unfathomable. I’m surprised a 9/11 scale shift of thinking and actions didn’t occur, I view both on the same plane of horror. Obviously the casualties of one far outweigh the other but holy fuck, a classroom of little kids slaughtered to drown in their own blood. How could anyone overlook it
I don’t think I’ve ever seen a white police car in person lol. Not saying you’re wrong but I literally don’t think I have
Yeah runs fine for me at like 100fps at 1440p. Definitely badly optimized but not as bad as it’s made out to be
Just beat the campaign. That mission was probably one of if not the best in the series, absolutely gorgeous scenery. I spent probably an hour just walking around the building. 
I beat it yesterday before I started playing WW2 and it’s fantastic. Easily the best of the 3 future CODs, very well done
This sub used to be all about hype and box logos lmfao. Complete 180 it’s funny, I like both types of outfits. Gotta have the best of both worlds
The fuck lol
Filming vertical always makes sense from the ergonomics of a phone
Yup. Maybe we’ll get there someday :/
Maxes have no sprint? Damn... That almost makes me sad thinking about the max crash glory days but I get the change
Exactly when I tried to return it through suberbuy they straight up rejected it I was like wut. That's the only reason I even have it
Yeah I've worn it before a little. I live in an unpredictable area so idk, some will immediately know and some won't know what it is at all lol.
Yeah it’s a little off but not too bad it’s the angle and lighting making it weird. But it’s definitely tilted. Feels bad man
UNHS
Yeah true. Damn. I guess I’ll order another lmao
Could easily pass as retail jesus
Y’all are stuck on that bag I understand it doesn’t make sense to buy her that, that’s the one exception which I’ve stated multiple times. Don’t get too caught up on it
Alright then we agree
Uh, alright man. I’m a college aged adult and I can confirm that I indeed did afford some of those things and it’s possible. I’m not even sure what you’re arguing at this point, I never said I had a full closet of designer clothing. I have some hype pieces here and there that I got retail and paid resale etc. No one including myself is trying to argue that they own a full store worth of gucci with endless designer clothing. 
Sounds like your state is entirely different than mine. The minimum wage in my state is 10.25 and I made slightly above that, and I worked 20+ hour work weeks every week, with full time + overtime in the summer, along with holidays when I wasn’t in school. And this was a fast food entry level position. So yeah, I could afford multiple of them retail like I mentioned in my previous comment, and resale like you mentioned.
Oh of course, I agree 100%. Im just saying that it’s possible to afford these things with your own earned money at that age. I don’t discredit the amount of help my parents have had on my own stability but in the end I still worked for that money and could afford those items with said money, that was all I meant by it. 
Yeah, I can afford it retail. Although of course I would never spend that on a gf lol. I’m getting the feel no one in this sub has worked a job without having to pay bills before. 100% of my income was disposable in HS, it’s not hard to save that money
Exactly thank you
I worked for every dollar I spent and made 5 figures while in high school. Not tryna brag, it's not that hard to do. Just a minimum wage job
When I was in high school I could afford most of my reps retail so I see no problem getting affording those reps at his age

Edit: damn y'all never worked?

Edit 2: holy shit I guess not. You guys should learn how to save money in high school
I was in this same boat until a couple months ago when we talked seriously and she’s really turned around since then. Good luck man
I went 8 plus this time around, was on the fence for a long time and I’d rather wait until it’s refined more and cheaper hopefully
Yeah fuck that
Ah yeah maybe it’ll be better idk this one just seems a lil off to me but maybe I’m crazy. I haven’t seen enough retail up close to know
UNHS
could be anywhere from 15-20 honestly, impossible to age check at that age
I’m also curious, wanna sell my old shit but idk where
Looks good to me, most sus thing about it is how old it is imo
Me too man, I just ordered it anyway. I just want an off white belt and the black is a little more low key which I kinda like so it works
I feel like the crumples are too dark compared to the retails I’ve seen, and it looks a little pixelated. Placement is off too. Wearable you guys think?
You don't think that's too old? I love Bernie but that's old as shit for a president, he'd be beyond life expectancy for half his presidency
This is prob a stupid question but are you supposed to leave the zip tie on that? I've never seen the belt worn with it on compared to all the shoes where you keep it
Oh damn alright I’ll check. Wanted the original yellow one but if they have the black in correct length that’s dope too
Yeah I’m scrawny as hell so it fits but def not the length it should be. Rip
Can you elaborate on why the olive is bad? Looks good to me
I always thought 46 was 11
A girl who fits that exact same description posted a picture on Instagram at this exact same spot today lmao
feels bad man
We are now!
Woah, my dad has basically the same story. Although luckily his friends didn’t kill anybody but he found himself in a situation with others throwing rocks and shit at cars from an elevated position like this story, and some guy pulled over and climbed up to fight them and basically knocked my dad out even though he was the only one not actually doing anything. Used that lesson to tell me not to associate with shitty people doing shitty things or you’ll get the same punishment.
Are they TTS?
My peach has such an off centered bogo and I don't even know if I can wear it. I need to post it here to get others thoughts smh
I might go see it tonight. Do I need to read about the previous movies to get the most out of it? I’m a little too young to have grown up with them but I love the sound of it
Yeah they’re actually fully stocked everywhere in my area now I was surprised. Too bad there’s still 2 games for it lol
He ain’t running again. Neither is Biden
Not really lol. I don’t think this will change much
What... the fuck
I feel so old having to defend an i7 4790k against newer chips
The goggles are dope and anyone who disagrees is lame whoops
You’re making that well known in this thread aren’t you
Lmao I haven’t see a fedora tipping thread like this in years good god
Droptopwop is one of the best albums of the decade imo. Super deserves a listen
2 albums a year is already way more than most artist too lmao
I got one for my gf and she fucking loves it but I don’t get the hype lol. It’s the cheapest nice bag you can get basically so I ain’t complaining
Congratulations! You’re attractive no matter what you do with your hair. I say keep it though
I’ve been so confused and almost broke my screen trying to do it this whole time. Idk why it was removed to begin with
I have a 980 and get like 100 on high lol what y’all doin
I had to adjust basically every aiming setting get it where I could play. When I first jumped in it was god awful
Haha. Damn I feel you man
Damn right we are
No, they’re legal if you go through the right procedures in a lot of situations
They’re absolutely not
In the US yes, if you exclude really old colonial stuff
Ah gotcha. Thanks
What else makes a comment not show up
Whoever commented is shadowbanned rip
Yeah, everything about what he said is just wrong. You have too many options to count when it comes to listening to music
Because all drugs are bad /s
Yeah I definitely recommend tretinoin. I'm on it for acne at the highest strength (.01%) and its amazing. The drying effects aren't even that bad for me as long as I stay moisturized and hydrated. Thanks for the tips!
Very interesting, thank you! Any moisturizers you would recommend? I've been using the same one out of a tub for like a year now lol, and I definitely fall in sensitive skin category.
Can you explain to me the bacterial colony in a jar thing? Honestly curious, the moisturizer I use is in a jar
I got put on clindamycin a few weeks ago and it seems to have basically cured me. It's insane. My skin is dry as hell since I'm also still using benzoyl but I have like maybe one white head a day. Knock on wood it stays like this
Really? I'm at 268 and all of his stuff is 270. But the two items I can get from him are weaker than the ones I already have lol
I've gotten celestial nighthawk twice in a row, 3 in total now
Yeah same here I don't get the sizing. I want this so bad tho
I want to but if I'm reading the sizing chart right, the small is absolutely gigantic. Am I reading that wrong lol? The height is like down to my knees
Jesus Christ I have like 9 legendary shards and even that took me forever to get lmao
Yeah, I stopped it after I made this post, and then tried it again a month later and the issue came right back. Highly recommend against it, luckily I've made a recovery almost fully but it's still forever in the back of my mind. Just stick to topicals unless your acne is absolutely horrendous, Accutane should only be prescribed to 1/1000 of the people that it is. Very potent drug with nasty side effects. Not worth it.
Yeah I second this. Any barber shop in my area will just give you a buzz no matter what you tell them. Salons consistently work with actual hair length
Nope. I play every story game on easy and it still takes me weeks to beat them with how busy I am. Grinding oriented games like MMOs I'll put more time into though. I don't wanna play a campaign for 100 hours when there's such an infinite catalog of games out there now
I'll be posting a full list of every item with pics once I get them, sorry I'm at work rn I can't send all the links lol. I'll try to get as many as I can tonight. Appreciate the feedback so far
W2c?
True okay I'll ask to see it
What text? Oh wait nvm uh yeah I guess not I didn't even realize
Oh my god those are awful bro lol. That stripe and red dot like the other guy said. Try to get a different pair
The sizing isn't European tho is it? Isn't is Chinese?
Link?
How are you gonna fix the arm badges? I might do the same
If someone gp and it's legit i will absolutely cop
idk man legit or not that e is definitely floating lol
Wait what... do you mean a third pair of yeezys being zebras or a third pair of zebras specifically? If the latter you don't need that many bro lol
Did he not have one?
Damn for $60? Can I get a link?
I'm at 6000 Yuan.. fml I can't keep adding all this shit
Dude fucking this, I got some and I was like uhh what the fuck. Tried to stretch it out a ton and that helped a little bit but godamn that thing grips your waist
Aight dope thanks
That's lit. You think you could put em in vans? Lmao
Wait are those boost soles for like... any shoe?
What speed setting are you on? I could easily beat the game in 16 hours
How do you buy specifically from dexter? Do you message him on that whatsapp number?
It very well could be those things. Regardless, I think it's something I'm just gonna take a break from right now. I'm at a very stressful stage in my life and I can't really deal with this on top of it. It's too much. I'll maybe go back on it later down the line. The permanent loss of libido is just something I can't risk
You sure? It's visible shrunken and numb with no feedback whatsoever. I still don't think it's something I wanna risk. So many report permanent loss of libido
I'm 17 too. Damn... I don't know what to do. Some say they're permanently screwed and some say keep going and it'll fix itself. I really don't think it's something I wanna risk. My acne is pretty moderate and something I can live with so I'm just at such a crossroads right now. My sex life is much more important.
You just described my exact same situation lol
What the
Shit they have a 3 pack? Awesome I never saw that. Yeah this is the stuff everyone should be using here
Pretty much exact same situation although I'm only on like day 17 and I think I already had my IB with seemingly little acne now. Just a few little spots left over and some whiteheads that just scrape right off. Going from 40 to 60 next month
Is it actually a nosebleed you're experiencing you think? I have the exact same thing, blood when I blow but it doesn't drip out. I figured it was from like dry cracking skin or something but maybe it really is nosebleed
Literally me around my gf. At random times I'll just be like "wow you're fucking hot" and she'll look at me like I'm crazy lmao
You'd be very well alive at that weight lol, pretty skinny but fine
I have 2 floor tickets for Portland tomorrow
Did they fuck it up again? I'm still trying to get used to the last change, I hated it so much
If he doesn't like Uncharted or TLOU, what does he like?
Most people think its illegal but almost everywhere it's actually perfectly legal. My girlfriend gives me shit for it all the time and won't believe me lol
You tell em dude
Fuck I really want that parka. I might cop
I average 4-5 hours a night. I'm gonna die young huh
Yeah it very commonly hits 100 in Portland during the summer lol
So have you never had an orgasm at all?
ID on the slides and shorts? [link](http://i.imgur.com/dbqwmBs.jpg)
My legs are hot as fuck and I still hate summer lmaoo. I wanna layer bih
god fucking damnit lmaoo
Why do they have so much slang involving flip flops?
sometimes I don't even look at the bill directly, just see the color when they hand it to me and know what it is
I did and I'm 17. Pretty sure I was told by a teacher but I don't remember, it's just what I always assumed. Found out like a moth ago that they werent
How the hell do you go about figuring that out? I can barely even read the label
Yeah, it's one of the stupidest man made concepts ever created
Honestly that tends to be the actual best solution
I wish I still had mine, I sold it a while ago and I love the white so much more than the black. 
Yeah for some reason PUTP is one of the few songs on my ~500 song playlist that hasn't shown any signs of getting old, I can play it daily and it still gets better every time
I'm very interested
Well, considering lil Wayne is one of the most influential artists of all time that shouldn't be a surprise lol
Awesome man! Still 2016 for the next couple hours but I'm excited, this marks the first year I have a girlfriend on New Years. Finally gonna get that New Years kiss haha. Life is good
Yeah I was gonna get a prescription tomorrow but man these side effects scare me. I'm not sure which is worse, my acne or those side effects. Argh, idk what to do
For those who genuinely think 2016 has been a bad year, god bless your souls in 2017. You don't know a bad year until that shit begins
Yeah, I literally wish mine was smaller because of this
Shh, we're here to hate apple even though it's been proven time and time again that this mouses design isn't an issue
Omg thank you. It's literally the exact same godamn thing, except wireless. Which is way cooler
What game is that from?
Is that a bad thing though? If virtual reality becomes a utopian reality why is that bad?
Seriously why the fuck is this on r/all
Even worse is when apps like twitter put "We made some changes to make your experience even better 
:3 we know you'll love it."

The fuck? Just tell me what you actually changed
Really isn't that bad, the first picture is the worst but like others said it'll look good in a week or two. You're a good lookin dude in general so don't stress it
I feel like that 26% is literally every single person who uses twitch if that's a global desktop statistic, that's a really high number
That's definitely an unpopular opinion. I've never heard anyone say that before
It's super fun. Way better than MWR imo, although I love both
There's probably a few hundred thousand or so players online as we speak, so not really.
Lmao this game is gonna sell more than bf1 and titanfall 2 combined, there's no desperation here. Just fitting in with the trend of free weekends
Oh to photograph. That I can agree with
Most boring planet ever?! Wat
> I either already have it, or it's too expensive to give me as a gift.

So much this. It took me weeks to figure out what to ask for this year because of this dilemma. I either already have it or it's too expensive to ask for
Yeah, it took me by surprise the first time playing it too lol. I was like what the hell is happening? It's pretty brief dealing with them only, eventually it opens back up and there's humans and the zombie things, which is a little easier to deal with and no jump scares. 
You lucky motherfucker for that edit. But yeah this year has been pretty damn good for me too
No, it's a person who responds jokingly as a bot. Used to post a ton on this sub but not so much recently
So much this. I think BF1 can be fun at times but it's such a clusterfuck that sometimes there is absolutely nothing you can do to escape death. Tank rolls up? Try to run I guess. See a plane approaching? Go prone and hope it misses, etc
I literally agree with you word for word. Guidance was the only meh song for me, the entire rest of the album was fantastic imo. Still play it daily
I'm triggered
Views was great imo but definitely not album of the year
As long as you're responding, don't sweat it. Personally I prefer that response more than them asking me back. Either way it works out well honestly
Literally every fucking customer at my work place lmao. Maybe they're mute? Who knows
Yeah I would try not to do that if you can help it lol, it's sort of shocking from our perspective. I get it a couple times a month
I wear literally skin tight jeans and the plus fits perfect in all my pockets. I was worried about it too but it ended up not even remotely being a problem. I could never go back to the smaller size
You don't have to but I would. There is some character building that's done quite well in the first game, worth the play through imo. 
As stupid as this is I actually agree with the message behind it lol
Who knew the homeless dressed so well
Sick thank you
Am I the only here who doesn't get it?
It's def a fad, but I personally like them
http://i.imgur.com/1UcUaS2.jpg ID on this backpack?
This is a random basic question but ID on the hoodie? I wanna get just a basic white one exactly like that and I can't find any without logos
I couldn't disagree more. Black pants tie the fit together
Best insult I've heard all year
Your username is amazing btw. Ducks represent
I tried listening to nostalgic 64 and it was alright imo. Imperial is god tier though
Please, go on accutane. Nothing OTC or dietary will fix this. 
> And if song lyrics were enough to push a kid over the edge, then they were probably going to anyways.

thats what literally every professional study has concluded in the context of music, movies, video games, etc. If someone is seriously affected by media to the point where they commit an act of violence, they were already mentally disturbed and/or vulnerable to anything external.
It's not fun, believe me
reading that made me gag
They're both super fun imo
Huh I've never seen one in black or white. My states are blue and yellow
Yeah my state has almost exclusively chargers and ford SUVs. Crown vics are basically phased out
I disagree with just about every person in this thread. I gotta hold my tongue
Would they be able to ship them if I did? Because I live nowhere near there lol
Nooo lmao
I'm left handed for writing and eating and I do literally everything else right handed. Scissors, batting, throwing, shooting, power tools, cutting, etc. 
Bought my first Xbox a couple months ago and I was so confused opening the case because of that. Also I'm glad they made this change because the disc button was really shitty
Well fuck me I just spent all my money. So much for grabbing those
Ridiculously clean. Might pay resell for the white colorway. I love these so much
Godamn his vocal fry in that vid, sounds like a damn frog lmao. I'm hyped though, hope it's good
If it ain't starboy I ain't interested
Oh yeah that I agree with lol
I have friends that go to OSU and I plan on attending

... Oregon state university that is.

This headline scared the shit out of me, thought my state had another mass shooting.

Edit: til reddit doesnt like osu
It'd be cool to make Siri actually decent. Also the control center is still a piece of garbage compared to the old. Hitboxes completely off and slow navigation
Yeah that's I do. Pretty neat
Hell nah skinny gang for life
Joggers are dope tho
Vs the world is one of my favorite albums of all time. All of the songs on there are unbelievably overlooked
As someone who worked at a mall this Black Friday I promise you American consumerism is alive and thriving, especially in a mall setting. However I do agree online shopping is becoming prominent. As it should be, there's literally no deals in store that you can't get online. 
Heard a lot of stories about unauthorized payments after purchase. Also I only have a debit card so I don't have chargeback protection
jesus lmao i cant take the heat in this thread
I'm a dude and just jumped out of my chair. Fuck that, even if she asked I'd be like nah lmao
Lmao no way in hell I'd buy them if there is, considering there was literally only a couple hundred made. Not sure if anyone in my state even knows what Bape is though
thats the best insult ive gotten all year LMAO
Yeah switching my DPI would throw me off so bad, I don't know how people can do that
I've never found watching sports even remotely interesting. I guess I'm just not into it. I like watching Let's plays and stuff but I also don't like esports, so it's not that I don't like watching others do something. I think it's the marketing and competition aspects that turn me off. 
Man why this sub hate on skinny people so much jesus lmao. Boutta rename it to r/skinnypeoplehate
I wanna get them so bad but I feel like they're gonna look huge on me lmao
Reminder is definitely my fav song on the album
Not a fan of the last album? Damn... BBTM is in my top 3 all time
Man I wish I was local. Been looking to buy 2 more of these to get a surround setup
Honestly all of the freshmen are like my favorite artists lol. I love them all
Please do it to the actual game rather than the expansion though lol
Exactly. "Hipster" was always intended to be derogatory. It's not a compliment people give out, it's a label for when someone doesn't like something.
What a hipster thing to say

/s don't hurt me
I think I officially own everything I want to play. This an empty feeling... I'm not even remotely excited for this sale
Some of the new reps are like literally the exact same shoe. Not sure about the V2s but from what I've seen those look pretty damn identical from the outside too
This. Mine are like a foot long and they're a pain in the ass, I don't want them anymore
Aaaaand that's a wrap folks. Adidas US sold out
about an hour
Footlocker is still showing basically all pairs in stock. Pretty sure the site is just wrecked, keep trying. Wouldn't surprise me if they have stock still
I can't log into to any site besides footlocker. Wish me luck there I guess :/

Also, do I refresh the page when the timer ends or just wait?
Did I get banned from the websites? I just created accounts on a few and now my internet doesn't work with any of them, when I go on LTE it does. My wifi is working fine with everything else
In 4 months? Jesus, this looks like 4 years with my skin. Amazing progress, so happy for you OP
I wanna buy clothes but I still have no idea what places are gonna have good sales online. Also wanna get a new TV but can't sell mine for the life of me
I jumped so hard. Godamn you positional audio
Those shoes are worth more than my net worth
I'm gonna try to get a prescription of a low dose like OP. Im pretty sure a little bit would do the trick as antibiotics have worked really well for me
Yep, I'm making the switch to a 2TB SSD this Black Friday. Mechanical drives are obsolete to me
I can't think of any situation yelling or not where it would be normal to tell a stranger "be safe walking home"
Unless the car is going like 100mph most people in the bus would probably be fine in a crash. They weigh so much it would take an insane hit to really push it around. Not to mention hardly any buses travel the highway
Uh yeah, you'd look good with anything. But I'd keep the hair
Didn't realize I wasn't in that sub lmao. Definitely post this there OP
There's 11 seasons? What in the actual fuck.
Maybe I'll finally try this. Sadly I drink more milk than I do anything else to it's gonna be tough. 
Destiny, all the uncharteds, infamous, infinite warfare (it's actually really fun imo) bloodborne, the last of us, little big planet 3, and probably even more I can't think of lol.
Yeah same here. No one plays Xbox that I know. I bought one and quickly realized every game I want on it is on the PS4 and it runs better
Yeah it's ridiculous lol
That's how me and everyone I know texts lol. My phone is always silenced so it doesn't bother me
Got that reference lmao
Nah converse come like 5 sizes too large if you go TTS. I went an entire size down and they're still too long for my foot, it's ridiculous.
Of course android wear has far more customization, its android. But acting like apple doesn't is ridiculous. You can customize the living hell out of those watch faces changing fonts, color, positioning of text, widgets, etc. 
Yeah, fighting in real life is definitely nothing like a video game. You have no fuckin clue if you hit your target half the time even at close range. 
Personally, I had hardly any purge until like, a couple months in which I don't even attribute to the Retin-A. Some will have it horrible and some won't have it at all.

You're on the same regimen as me but a way stronger intensity. My Retin-A is I think .125% and im taking 1 100mg doxy pill a day. You should have hardly any acne after a few weeks with those products. Retin-A will start showing significant improvement after about a month or two and in a few months your skin should be ridiculously improved. 
If you can get a prescription, Retin-A will help a lot. Highly recommend it for everyone. Vitamin C products are also usually said to give the same sorts of benefits, just not on the level of Retin-A. Time will also heal the discoloration naturally eventually
It seems like locking tires would cause the most friction causing you to stop. Idk, I've never thought it through otherwise. I guarantee a lot of others think the other way
Why would you not jam the brakes if your goal is to stop? I've never understood why people say that
Because social norms. You still have sex in private and reveal yourself to specific people, shouldn't be any different in a video game you play in the privacy of your home.
Keep it, it's rated fucking M.
Hopefully, it's time we get some good PS+ titles. Gravity Rush would be one of the best ever put on the lineup if so. I'm gonna buy it now though, glad to support it.
Gravity Rush is the only one I'm gonna get, didn't see anything good
Why was it redesigned in the first place? wtf

Gun emoji back would be nice too
Yeah, it's pretty ridiculous that all the watch faces apple gives you can be customized in millions of different configurations along with creating your own from a photo. Pretty ridiculous.

Not even sure what to say about your last sentence either
Their loss. They'd probably outsell the PS4 if they released this
I'm sure there's some stuff in the works, probably involving stem cell and nanotechnology stuff but I'm not sure. Would be nice to just plop your face in a machine and have it straighten you up in a couple minutes lmao, who knows what the future holds
Yeah the way they hyped up BR120 was weird as hell. I saw it and was like "alright... neat?" I've been playing since release and still don't even have a BR100 char lol, no idea how people have that kind of time or skill.
A part time food service job. Work about 20-25 hour work weeks while in school, paycheck is about $400 every couple weeks. Pay is good but I hate food service so much, I'm dying to get into retail the first chance I get.
Text posts give karma now? Wut
Yeah Jeffery is awesome too. I've become a huge fan of thug in the past couple years
Oh sweet awesome, I'll check that out. Really appreciate the digging!
LMAOO he's the new Kanye when it comes to smiling. His smiling pics will be traded for eons
And Slime Season 3
Memo is one of my favorite songs of all time. Can't believe that didn't top charts
Swang is my favorite song on it easily. I'm not a huge fan of any other songs on the album. Black Beatles is pretty good too, those are the only 2 I have downloaded
Yep, fps over resolution in every scenario imo
Yeah definitely this. Adds a bunch of the functionality lost from switching, can manage just about any file. 
Never realized how much taller the OWTC is than everything else. Awesome pic
Happens all the time. You basically just have to hold power and home button until it sorts itself out. 
Biden memes have been a thing for a long ass time, it peaked in 2014 and now it's back. I feel like I've already seen them all
Well, 21 in the US. 16 is the drinking age in most of the world
I wish, it's unplayable for me. Combined with the awful look sensitivity it just gives me a headache. Maybe it's because I'm too used to PC gaming, idk.
Not gonna lie, when I was a kid that's actually how I thought it worked. Blew my mind
60hz and 144hz are not even comparable. It's kind of like 15fps vs 60fps in my opinion. I can't even use a 60hz monitor for web browsing anymore, the choppiness gives me a headache. I didn't believe it until I bought one and I lol'd the moment I moved my mouse cursor, it's hilarious how much better it is.
Yeah for some reason I just can't get behind the ceramic, I like the stainless steel way more. Which is weird because I love white/black color combos so you would think I'd love the ceramic watch. But something about it just turns me off, maybe it's the almost plastic vibe it has to it. But if other people love it, awesome!
Idk, the A10 blows everything out of the water. They're still both super fast phones but the A10 and GPU with it is on another level
Gonna need an ID on these immediately. Are they like flyknit AF1s?
Wait that's actually his son? Jesus, how old is he, 10?

Edit: he actually is 10 lol. Damn, trumps been busy
You're probably 1 of 2 rednecks who owns a truck like that and also uses a new iPhone that browses an iPhone enthusiast forum online. I love it, lmao
Halo reach would be awesome if optimized. Picked it up and it runs so garbage I can't even play it. It's like 15fps with ultra motion blur
Wait what? Does the game even start up?
Looks great either way
Same I just laughed the hardest I have all day holy shit that was good
Yeah from what I've read, they're just regular traffic cameras so I have no idea what to expect. I would imagine they activate when they detect activity in a red intersection, but some people have said they won't unless it's a dedicated red light camera

Ugh, I don't know what to expect. I'm not worried about paying the fine, just my parents reaction.
Of course I just bought the original Xbox one and old PS4. Ugh, I really don't wanna sell them and lose money but I might
Yeah I'm good, luckily there was no one there except for behind me so no one got hurt but it just startled the hell out of me. And that's sort of comforting to hear they did it too lol. Good luck next time on your test, you'll get it!
If it makes you feel better, I blew through a red light for the first time on accident yesterday. I'm like scared shitless the FBIs gonna come knocking on my door. It was a weird intersection I drive through daily with like 3 lights in a row and I thought the last one was green and looked down for a split second, before I knew it I was in the intersection. 

So at least you didn't fuck up that bad lmao
As a white person, I can gladly agree with the fuck white people sentiment. They're the ones who got this freak elected
They're protesting him. This isn't about a rigged election, it's about how terrible he is.
There's gonna be a divide until another civil war or another world war to bring us together. Will be interesting to see which comes first
6 or 7. A few months ago I was at a 2-3. Might be at a 9 or so in a few months, things are starting to look up, but could always go downhill again. We'll see
I am literally 100% in favor of the west coast seceding. California has the GDP to do it combined with the gambling capitol of Vegas, Portland, Seattle. Let's do this
Those would be considered boot cut to me. You're good lmao
Probably a second civil war
I hope you're happy America.

Fuck Donald trump
It was a really long time ago, something I wanted back too. But they're still too bright tbh
That was my first thought too. That seems like a lot of spin for only 30 seconds
Jesus, so sorry you had to deal with that and I'm SO happy you got it under control. As others have pointed out here, you're a pretty damn good lookin dude, and I'm not just saying that to be nice. It's true. 

A question I have though, what is your face like after dermarolling and how do you treat it afterwards? I bought one but i'm scared to use it and wake up with a super red face the next day or worsen my skin.
Yep. When she was trapped in the house she 100% knew what would happen if they came in, the look on her poor face. I think she had almost accepted her fate. 
shit i still bump No Type daily
I was wondering when the album was released when I saw Gucci on it. Thought the album came out before he was out and I was all confused
Yeah [here's](http://imgur.com/a/Owj1r) some screenshots of what I see
375.70
Yeah I tried multiple times turning it on and off, couldn't find anything. Only added a couple lines judging by the sidebar scroller
How... I get shot from orbit by an IED whenever I take a step
Looks promising but I don't have a 0x00A0674A in my directory so I'm stuck there.
This is going to be an absolutely insane week that I don't think anyone is ready for. I can't believe our country is so split and it really does terrify me. This election is going to be a staple of political studies for the rest of humanity

After seeing Brexit I really can't trust the general public to make important decisions
I can't tell if you're joking or not, but if not you have a more successful life than 99% of the people on this website
A whale would beat Phelps before the race even started lol
I just accidentally woke up 3 hours early for school and got ready. Definitely a Monday lol
Hell yeah dude that looks sick. That's the style I've been wanting to try for a while but you pull it off amazingly

Edit: the fucking losers on imgur lmao. Ignore them
> and that no topical cream can help acne if it's from something internal such as hormones.

I'm no doctor, but I anecdotally disagree with that as topicals have drastically helped my hormonal acne, however I'm a guy. Benzoyl peroxide should cause a noticeable improvement to any acne as it kills the bacteria itself. Retin-A also has been a major help to preventing scarring and overall skin tone, so I'm sorry to hear it didn't help with you. Antibiotics also have been a life changer for me. You said you took them, which did you take? I'm not sure if I'd even recommend Accutane for your acne regardless if you were able to take it, yours looks mild enough to where a topical *should* help quite a bit like AHA/BHA or Benzoyl Peroxide. Didn't see you mention those so that's where I would start 
Still trying to figure this out myself. My current solution is whenever I have a day where I have 4 or so hours where I don't need to leave the house, I'll exfoliate using BHA or Kojic Acid, give my face some time to relax and absorb the product, and when I go to bed wash and apply the Retin-A. Mine is for acne reasons however so I have to be really careful
My average life expectancy is 58 due to hazardous lifestyle and bad health. 

Yay
That is why I would definitely be in the 62%. Some views that have surfaced are toxic as hell. Can't believe the number isn't 100%
That is a staggeringly low percentage 
I was referring to the fact that your eyeballs rotate sideways when you turn your head. I didn't think that was possible so tried it and sure enough they do. It doesn't seem like they do from a first person perspective
I just learned something insanely significant about my body from reddit. My mind is literally blown right now, that's crazy.
I actually sort of relate to this lol. My sister got a smartphone for her 10th birthday from my parents and I didn't get one until I turned 14 with my own money. Still kinda salty... but that doesn't make this post any less stupid. I guess everything that isn't a smartphone is sort of obsolete
Yeah I don't think people understand the legal process. Takes years
Wait are you supposed to microwave them? I just pour hot water in
Yeah that's why I agree with him lol
Because it really is too late. Obviously we should be putting every available resource towards combating the damage as much as we can but it's not like any government actually cares enough until it sparks WW3
Apple has one of the greenest device recycling plants in the world. They built an entire facility dedicated purely towards recycling old phones and making new phones out of old materials.
TIL adding new features to a phone is a shady obsolescence tactic
Apple has the longest device support of any phone company and many updates actually increase performance on older devices. Please don't spread misinformation. Not to mention iOS wipes the floor with android in software security with their constant updates. I think it was something like 80% of android phones are vulnerable to major exploits due to lack of updates? Appalling imo.
It was definitely Clinton though. Probably what spawned Casey Neistats video
Yeah that needs to be headlines. If YouTube is threatening to not include youtubers for not supporting Clinton that is some serious corruption
Vitamin C will help with PIE and PIH. More so PIH but increasing your skins turnover rate is never a bad thing and it makes inflammation leave and heal super fast. Silicone strips and laser treatments will always be faster on PIE but I've noticed it does make a difference and eventually your skin will heal itself unless it's a really nasty scar.
It truly is a marvel how easy you can butcher a game 
Lol yeah a PC will never be as simple as a console. And that's coming from a PC enthusiast who owns both consoles and a PC. Most gamers don't even know PC gaming exists
The new mega skyscraper in Dubai is planned to use a vertical bullet train
Yeah America just happens to have a bunch of large cities. Where other countries have 1 or 2 staggeringly massive cities
I fucking lol'd when I saw the burj khalifa comparison. That is a ridiculously tall building
I saw some people posting how upset they were that next week was Obamas last day in office. A lot of people corrected them lol. Apparently a surprising amount of people don't understand the inaugural process
2016 is definitely year of the meme. I remember it wasn't too long ago when if someone knew what the word meme meant, that already told you a lot about them.
This year has been a mix of the worst and best times of my life so far. Such is life I suppose lol
The statistical probability of not knowing of his death has to be so damn low. It was headlines for *weeks* and all anyone talked about that year. I find that damn near impossible to believe anyone in the US doesn't know he's dead.
Yeah not sure why he's getting ravaged
I remember watching the E3 unveil in middle school and now I'm graduating. It's been a while lol
Pretty sure reddits demographics are heavily skewed in favor in gamers across the website lol
Get this slander out my face
Seriously why the hell isn't that in the control center side by side Night Shift? 
Yeah I have no idea what went through their head making the new control center. I don't think it's possible to design it worse. Night shift was fine being a little dot and now it's half the damn popup. Brightness/volume sliders never work and music is on a completely different page when the entire purpose of control center is to access it quickly. Ugh
I said the game was gonna sell terribly like a month ago and no one believed me. Here we are, the game is selling terribly. Smh
Lol what do you have? Those are some crazy popular titles
Yeah it's not true 4K
That's a really accurate way to put it actually lmao
People that listen to the radio lose all respect from me. Unless their car is literally 40 years old and there's no physical way to consume any other source of music
Yeah I'm white as hell and have over 400 songs in my hip hop playlist that I listen to exclusively lol
You can't hide tweets but you can delete them. What people do is generate and tweet every possible combination of an outcome and then delete every one except the accurate one. Add some followers to the account and you're good to go. Happened with the super bowl last year too
You sleep through them on the loudest setting? You can literally hear my phone from outside the house when it's maxed out
Yes.
The DLC will also be free once it's added to the vault. Also it most likely won't be until 2 releases because in December they're releasing an ultimate edition for $40 that includes all the DLC and base game
Sweet man I probably will, I've been wanting to start getting some raid teams together :)
PS4
Well put. I play singleplayer for the story. If I wanted a challenge, I'd play multiplayer. Which I do. 
Yeah Medium was as high as I got. I think there might have been 1 or 2 songs I could do on hard
I played Diety once and lasted about 25 turns until the world had declared war on me IIRC
Yeah it was, but the plaguelands make up for it, best patrol in the game IMO. Plus it adds a ton of awesome weapons and side missions so I'm really happy with it