Not saying OP is alcoholic. I happen to be alcoholic. I can't do moderation, period. 

If I picked up one drink I'd wind up losing my job and probably dying. Seriously no fucking exaggerating. It's been since 2008 tho
About just over a year ago my girlfriend broke up with me. I was in shambles. One piece of advice that was given to me was *don't miss work*. (Also eat, sleep well, etc). 

If I had gotten fired I'd be in a world of shit. 
>I guess all native american people, from north to south, came from the last ice age, 

This had been debunked as far as I know. The native Americans have a unique genetic marker from what I understand.
Yes, but who would you rather fight? One standard Coachella girl or 100 Reddit guys? 
Wait. Doesn't FB outsource that? Then your beef would be with the companies that actually hires these workers.
Shouldn't the title simply say 'Waves in the North Sea' ?
>spray paint my car

Thats gone too far
This is only one reason why I always *bring* a lunch to work.
I'd see that as a giant red flag.This goes beyond just being habitually late.
Post wrongly claim it happened in Texas. WCGW?
For the dead guy? I doubt that he cared 
On mooseback I imagine
I thought it was 'Laugh Live Love'
Ridiculous 
Playing chess. Being a good or bad chess player isn't a good yardstick for intelligence imo 
Ex cons should help each other. Maybe start a convention, call it *Con Con*. 

I'll just leave now.
I was working construction and our 'lunch room' was a shipping container. The boss told us to keep the doors closed or the crows will steal our food. 

Long story short I rounded the corner to the container and a crow vocalized a warning to a crow inside that was rifling through the lunches and it flew out and they both flew away. One of them had my sandwich.
My ex's baby daddy horde's hygene items from hotel rooms. He's a wealthy programmer who works in Silicon Valley. His big-name employer puts him up in fancy hotels weekly.

When I say *hordes* I mean he's got boxes and boxes of neatly organized soap, shampoo, etc. 
I'm going to heaven after all!  ::buries gun::
>Never break two laws at once.

This will severely hinder my multi-state criminal enterprise.
Win fabulous prizes?
I once knew a guy (I'll call him Eric), while in a drunken blackout, punched someone. The guy he punched fell and hit his head on the concrete. Blood started pooling around his head and upper shoulders, the pool of blood just kept getting bigger and bigger. 

Eric suddenly realized what he had done and stuck around until the ambulance came. Eric is actually a nice guy when he's sober. At any rate Eric did 5 years in prison for this. The guy he punched spent about 3 weeks in the hospital if I recall correctly. 

(I wasn't there I heard the stories and read the police blotter in the local newspaper)


I can't stand the thought of mud etc sitting on the mechanicals underneath for a length of time after I'm finished 'wheeling. That is to say I won't be driving to work with mud caked on the underside, I'll definitely take a pressure washer to that.
S bound 880 in San Leandro/San Lorenzo area in East Bay. 
::closes browser::sniff::
Sadscalate
Better call Saul
I stopped drinking booze
Watching your dad (or parents) become fragile and die and dealing with that pain.
I work 4/10s and use the three days off to farm karma myself.
When you assume you make an ass of you and ME will be made at you. lol
Back in my youth I'd frequently get arrested for MCA (minor consuming alcohol) and being tossed in a cell with someone who was arrested for violent crimes was common. 
Thanks. Yeah that place is incredible.
::raises hand:: me!
The NDT backlash thread 
Bomb-like device
Reddit agrees
In the back of the truck?! Sounds risky
#forlorn  #heartbroken  #sad  #angry   #unhappy
Yeah I'm sort of in the same boat as others here in that I no longer desire to have sex with the ex but I don't really want to go have sex with some new gal right now. And I'm a horny male. 
Yes because I had to take both wheels off to slide the shafts out to slide-out ring gear to install the differential locker.
>I would have gotten stabbed in my city doing that.

Ouch. Never been stabbed in the city before.
Did her head fall off?
Oh, did I offend your delicate sensibilities? My bad. lol
Like someone else said: Cut all ties but I'll add stay off all of her social media. Never peek at her FB Twitter, etc. Never.
It's been over a year for me and it's much better now. But there was a time when it felt like it would never end and things would never feel better. A couple friends told me to get a rebound but I couldn't do that. I'm glad I didn't (she did). Just hang in there.
>I understand that sharing a space with this would be annoying, but you seem to be awfully upset that people do this.

I should be ok with my work-roomate waking me unnecessarily an hr early every morning? Fuck that. 

Yes I was awfully upset and I guarantee if this fuckwad was rooming with anyone else on that job some of those dudes wouldn't have been as nice as I was. And I wasn't nice about it. We worked 12hr days in grueling, physically demanding conditions 7 days a week.


I don't get the 'snooze alarm hitters'.

When I was working on a construction crew out on a barge in the Alaskan wilderness I had a roommate who'd set the alarm 45min to 1hr before it was time to wake up then hit that fucking snooze button for a solid hour.

Fuck.that. You're not waking me up a whole hour before it's time to move just so you can finger-fuck the alarm clock for an hr waking me up. No. I put an end to that horse shit real quick.

Just get the fuck up at the alarm and you'll have another hour of sleep you dimwit. (him,not YOU)
This is the consensus of a lot of people that I've asked (IRL & online). 

And IM the crazy one (according to her)
Serious question: Would you be ok with your SO go on long trips with her ex? My ex GF would go on long weekend trips with her ex to places like South Lake Tahoe. 

Yeah we've been apart for quite some time but she never saw why I had issues with this.
Then he digs it out when he's a lonely, elderly man and fondly remembers the days gone by.
He's off getting smokes, kid.
There's a flock of cows right over there.
Yep. It's been a little over a year for me and it still stings a small bit when I think about her betrayal. But then I'm glad it's over and now it's her new BF problem because I know she'll do the same to him eventually.
Then it's *not* Hammer Time
I'd be more afraid of a flight ban than that.
How so? Genuinely curious
Be good looking.
I wouldn't care about my 'impact' as I would be dead. ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
This one is for detective Johnson! :: boom boom::
Op pls
YES
Just shatter the bulb
[Can I speak to the manager?](https://goo.gl/images/VMVFPA)
Technically, that's a 'ripoff' ring. They all are. lol
>I'd have given up state secrets.

"You can actually mess with Texas,Virginia is also for haters, Florida isn't all sunshine!"
Found the Camaro owner. 
I should buy a new tie? Oy vey
That gal who sings 'Girls Night Out' at children's parties.
Maybe it's the baebul bayult
He leakin 
You can't force her to *want* these things. It's a hard pill to swallow but if she truly wants to walk away , that's *it*. 
Be all muscle-ey 
Tell him to always put your phone, wallet, keys, etc in one particular spot in your dwelling. Also only keep these things in specific places at all times. At any given moment I know where these things are. I have work related keys so If I lose them I'm fucked. I have work related cards in my wallet and if I lose those, well, I may as well find another job if that happens. 
" No, they're for squares." -Them probably
Now you Reddit.
My great-grandfather was a renowned artist, he has works in museums around the world. My "starving" little brother is an artist as well, he does the same type of Works my great-grandfather did.

 My father once told my little brother:*"Even your great-grandfather knew he had to get a real job to survive"* which he (great grandfather) did he was a commercial fisherman as well as a carpenter.
Two tone, yes. Like this, no.
>I wish I had asked more of those questions when I had the chance.

This is probably little consolation but no matter how long they lived this will *always* be the case. I lost my dad to cancer a little over a year ago and if I think about it a bit there's some things I want to ask or say or do. 

In his last days I had a chance to take him around too see the sights, visit friends,etc and 'interview' him but there's still things I want to say, ask or do with my dad but its too late. 

Exactly. I was paying $300/mo for a small studio (heat inc) in Alaska. 
I had a cousin stay with my dad 'temporarily' and was supposed to help with bills and general up keep. (He's a "carpenter") Anyhow I had to eventually run him and another cousin out because they were not paying *anything*. It wasn't easy, it took weeks and we (siblings and I) almost started an eviction process. I'd visit the house daily and put pressure on those assholes.
A counter example is a guy I knew from the small town I grew up in posts rarely and when he does he only posts when he's in dire straits. (When he's on the streets and starving). He's an alcoholic/drug addict who seems to live off off the kindness of others until he's ejected from their house. He receives a lot of sympathy and help from people when he does post. And also gets flamed by those who have helped previously. They accuse him of theft. 

It's a good soap opera.


For myself I put it in the front first. There's endless arguments for front vs rear. My thinking is when I'm climbing the weight transfer helps the rear with traction thus the fronts need the lockers more. But I'm going both ends soon.
Not yet, it's a work in progress. 
Stop looking at his social media. Seriously.
She literally spent months trying to dispell that.
::cough,wheeze::
>The account IDs aren't limited to electronics running Android. The warrant includes any device running location-enabled Google apps,
A former friend who spent student loan money on a new leather seat, a big screen TV and booze, lots of booze 
Which was prolly in clamshell packaging
Starring Samuel L Jackson.
Yes! That's maddening. 
Makes me think about the guy that burned his house down on live stream. I can't remember the details but I seem to remember the guy making a half-assed attempt at putting out the fire.
>if we had bought xxx,

Norton Antivirus?

Yeah it's weird to be out enjoying the outdoors and *not* smoke.
BRB going to get my internet lawyer degree
Unexpected error
It's one big switch.
I'll head there when I can myself.(within the next two weekends)
It's been over a year since initial break-up and I still alternate between *'glad it's over'* and missing her. 
OP plz
Found Tom Cruise everyone!
Another guy's hand. 
Because saving/investments need to be exciting. lol 
>And the entire population of that entire giant state is roughly the same size as the greater Little Rock, Arkansas area.

Which is what was great about living there.
I grew up in Alaska and have met many people who thought that Texas was the biggest state. One guy who finally conceded said: *"Well, ok, but Alaska is all ice"*. :: facepalm::
"LOL" -Jesus Christ 
Archive (at the very least) email conversations
Also put away small things that your ex has given you. I have a box labeled 'Ex Archive' and I have a few things in there that she's given me during our relationship(t-shirts,coffee cup,etc), the box is buried deep in the closet.
Did they type angry words on paper then hand them to each other?
>if no one taught me, how am I supposed to know?

Google
I'd be happy with Manhands Matilda to help open pickle jars.
I..I can give her a ride. 867-5309
The same one that caught that bomber?
Here on Reddit? No
Karma
Upvote
I clearly remember the day I started drinking booze. I remember thinking "this is bad". I put myself and my family through hell for about 20 years. It's been since 2008 since I had a drink.
Like that odd sex scene in 'A History Of Violence' ? That was cringey
It's a Unix system, I know this!
I don't get it
"Are you dild..HUNGRY, HUNGRY are you hung ...get some food?"
What.. nevermind.
My ex GF left Facebook for Google and the salary was comparable. I'm pretty sure it was the bennies
Virtually
>..but if you look in the right places, you'll find a whole massive community of educators, explorers, and people who love the whole world.

Is there a sub that covers this?
I usually put my arm on their stuff. lol. 

They always move their stuff. 
The only thing I can say here is that I wish I didn't pour my heart out after our break-up. I wish I just had moved on from the get go. I can't rewind so I learn and move on.
It was illegal to dance too. [Source](https://youtu.be/wFWDGTVYqE8)
"Yeah, you're ugly too"
Thanks but I'm trying to avoid buying a new fuel pump as I just bought one. 
(2002 Ford F-250 5.4 Liter.) I was installing a new fuel pump in the tank and was cutting a ziptie that was around the in-tank lines and cut a hole in the in-tank line (pictured).

Does anyone know where I can source *only* the in-tank line? Everywhere I look they only sell the fuel tank module assembly and not just the line. 

Also when I install the new line how does it attach? Would I be able to use a regular hose clamp given the environment it'll be in?

-Thanks
Nice view ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
That joke was around long before Half Baked.
The internet had such a magical feel to it. I remember the first time I saw an animated ad on Yahoo homepage. I was like WOW! 
[Jesus](https://gfycat.com/FrayedSoggyBrontosaurus)
>Seems like everyone has the dream though

Not me and I grew up in Alaska. 
Or a cape. Jesus
Jesus knows that the jab is the most important punch in boxing.
*"Fuck I hope I didn't kill anyone"*. I was young and got arrested for drunken disorderly conduct. I remember asking the jail guard what I was arrested for, when he told me it was a huge relief. Especially since I was very hung over. (Which usually causes me bad anxiety to begin with)
I don't know but he's 'dancing like no one is watching'
Which is what keeps me from partaking. I don't want to be blasted into outer space. I remember mellow high when I was a young man. Nowadays I hear talk of super weed and  that keeps me away.
Do you live there or just visiting?
Matlock?
I usually have a *''I appreciate that but I'm good''*  loaded

Well,that and a *''Go Fuck yourself''*
When they subtly or not subtly put everything you do down. Or suggest that they could do better.

 I *had* a friend like this. He couldn't stand it if you accomplished something. He'd find a way to diminish your accomplishments or out right insult it in some way. 

I think he derives self esteem by putting others down. 

Haven't talked to that asshole in about a decade.
I don't have friends, I got *family*
"No"
Oh, that's how we're going to play it!?
Typical traffic so probably loong 
The best thing I've done is move to the Bay Area. I've had far more of my property stolen living in a small town in AK than CA. Also I have a decent pay, steady welding gig. 
The ending was better than 'No Country for Old Men'. lol

I liked how his former boss was spotted driving around all the time covered in paint ::end movie/fade to black::
No worries, mate
I mean probably have to sniff it and taste it to *make sure* its legit.
*Skinny* safety Steve.
Yes but what could go wrong?
I went to Hawaii to meet up with my sister and all 18 of her coworkers. They did freaking everything together. We'd head to the beach (or restaurant,cafe,etc)in a
long convoy of vehicles. After a few times of that circus I just wanted to do shit by myself (as usual). They were cool and all but dealing with that many personalities and waiting for people every time we went somewhere. Yeah fuck that. 
>He had gone over his limit

Sounds like it would have been illegal  for him to continue. If I knew someone on that train I'd rather have the guy walk away rather than have an exhausted conductor continue on unsafely.
This guy codes
Agreed. And I was in with rapists and murderers. 
Back in my youth I went to jail for 20 days for 'minor consuming alcohol' (underage drinking) and it was a small town so I knew some people inside. Long story short one of the inmates had a jailhouse tattoo gun and he and his buddies were attempting to pressure me into getting tats on my hands and arms. 

Nope. Hell no. 

So glad I didn't.
Oh man I feel you, the 'On This Day' FB feature sucks right now. It'll show me random adventures we went on. Seems like a fairytale sometimes. Although the pain is mostly gone I still get slight aches sometimes.
If it were a woman no one would even think about it. 

I was at a beach taking landscape pics and at that moment was taking shots of the life guard tower with a 'real' camera when some gal said loudly *"What kinda perv takes a camera to the beach?!"*

I didn't want to make a scene so I left. But I thought: ''Everybody here has a camera and if it was a woman taking pics no one would think twice"
Then just delete it. ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
Ok I'm probably going to get flamed and downtooted to hell for this. Do todays young people seem more entitled to things they didn't earn as compared to older generations? Or is it just more apparent because of the internet?
Create a list and post to that list;only those that are on that list will see what's posted. 
Off topic but my ex GF is wealthy but exactly opposite. When I met her in 2015 she lived in a semi-decent apt and had a used couch, CRT TV/DVD combo, rode an old bike, etc. She built her own wealth but is also set to inherit tens of millions when her father passes. 

Sorry I just like telling her story.
*"I'm third generation San Franciscan"* (or 2nd, whatever)

You hear that one more than you'd think you would when you visit SF.
Could he BE any better?
Solved. We did it, Reddit!
..solo
Buff Brad
You walk the earth like Cain from Kung Fu?
After a while I seem to always get annoyed by a bag or backpacks slightly-bad design/layout. So then when it's time to replace it I take longer to look at it/fuss over it. 

Rinse/repeat
Agreed, those other three would be much more painful to me. I still love my ex after 10+ months post break up but I now realize we'd never make it and now I have no desire to see her again. 
I'll say this until I'm blue in the face: Stay away from your ex's social media. It's helped me beyond measure to just stay away from any/all of her social media and go 'no contact'. It's her business what she does with her pics of us and similarly it's my business what I do with my pics of us. If she messaged me and told me to delete pics of us that would indicate to me that she's still thinking of our failed relationship instead of moving on.
Stupid rims/tires
Ronald has killed more people than all terrorists combined.

Who's the real terrorist? lol
Just checking in on ya!
Ban Reddit!
Whenever I speak a few words in *any* language to the native speaker I get this response.
Starring Jack Black as Brad
Why add that this kid lives ''two towns over''?
I'm smarter than you're
Coincidence: today my roommate (who I hardly know) asked me to fix his mom's water pump on her car engine. He saw me working on my old Jeep several times so he knows I can do it. I know a real mechanic would make short work of it but that shit would take me *all damn day.* 

I'm all for helping my fellow man and all but that's asking a lot IMO. And they didn't even offer any money.

I said maybe next week but this weekend I'm busy (knowing that this timeframe wouldn't work for them). They declined, this tells me they wanted me to do this today or tomorrow. 

Really? 
My weld shop foreman spent 10 years in prison. He's a stellar foreman too. Kind of a rough guy with a heart of gold. Don't cross him though.
Oh I despise big bukkake, they drive out mom and pop bukkake.
I had a sleepover [in JAIL](https://youtu.be/biHJ6S91xBY) and I liked it!
My ex works at Google as a back end software (data) engineer and my relatives would ask me if my she could program 'in Android'. Or whip up an Android app. 
As an adult looking back I did some kinda shitty things to other kids my age.  I look back and am sorry. Similarly I've had mean/cruel shit done to me by other kids. I like to imagine they look back and feel the same twinge of remorse. 
Probably not the same thing but I saw something similar at 'Body World' in San Jose CA
Native American here. Native Americans: we're either Noble savages or the town drunks. 
The description I saw (admittedly only one) was fat/nerdy. I witnessed more than a few fat nerdy looking fellas who could actually handle themselves. Personally I know one who's quite fearsome. 

 You don't have to be ripped to be badass. Myself I'm tall and lanky 
Can confirm: I saw a couple in Vallejo CA a few yrs ago and they fit this description to a T. 
That's enough internet for me for today. :: closes browser::
Killing spiders in the hayloft
I see clapped out old cars and a bush mostly. Take a nice pic at least
Golden showers


Good, I feel good today. My mind is at peace again but it's about 10 months post. 

Best advice I can give you is to stay busy, get outdoors. Stay away from any and *all* of your ex's social media. And last but not least it will take a while so hang in there, you got this.
You going to the clam bake?
I still think of random jokes that I *know* would crack her up. I think it's been about 10 months (I don't like to track this type of thing too closely)
You have a friend in the diamond business
Father let's me drive the car on the driveway on Sunday, course this is Tuesday.
And deaths by Bula-bula
Just restrict dating to someone with a common name: Joe or Jane.

"I only date Jane's"
Pls op, for mankind 
Just cover-up the cover-up.  
>she basically said it sucks but in a nice way.

Ow. Did that hurt more than the tattoo?
Are you referring to the tsunami warning/alert? I lived in AK for some 35+ years and there were several tsunami alerts during my time there. I recall one where I searched for my little brother to get him to higher ground. (Pre cell phone era) . After a few more alerts I kinda just shrugged. ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
Don't toss them, cover those spaghettios and put them away for later.
Fucking naturalnews. This gal I knew back in high school got rid of her microwave because of the shit she read on that site. 
The math checks out.

'Skin Poet' is the term I've heard many tat artists use for these types.
And Cher!
Nevaeh
That depends on the environment that's been cultivated by the top people. Where I work they have never chastised me for taking responsibility for my costly mistakes. (They weren't all costly,I'm just referring to the worst mistakes I've made) I was even thanked for owning up to a mistake. 

They realized that I learned from my mistakes and won't make the same ones again. 

However if you keep making the same mistakes they'll fire you. I've seen that happen at my current job as well. 
Like, start whipping asses with a *chain*? That's harsh, man. 
Great changes throughout American history took place as a result of protesters. So there's that.
Hard to Swallow 4. I watch about 5 minutes of it every day. Never made it to the end.
The hot side stayed hot, cool side cool! That was the selling point of the 'McDLT'. The only thing I ate when I was 18
That would be cheap for my vehicle
And a Honda Rebel
Back when the PT Cruiser came out my buddy was trying to get a high pay construction gig. He said *"That's a new PT Cruiser when I return"*

To this day I still pick on him about that.
I was fixing to swap out the tail lights on my car. Had the new tail lights in my living room and my girlfriend at the time  said "Wow, those are huuge lights"

I told her they look big because they're off the car and in the living room. 

Perspective
Yeah that's been a law in Alaska for quite some time
Oh, gee. The OG of OG just arrived.

Sorry
He's a bi-racial god
Fuck
I like to think that the CIA is whispering in NK's dear leaders ear to just disregard the Orange One's ramblings and we'll get through this without bloodshed. 
I want to superimpose this on a sunset landscape pic and hang it on my wall.
Yin yang, makes sense.
I'd just be standing in the middle of the street screaming *"ZEPPELIN RUUULES"*.

Even after the emergency had passed. :O
My ex has a 7 yr old. (I'm 47) I knew the kid since she was 4yrs old and have had significant interactions with her. I do miss the little one but not to the extent that I'd want my own child. Perfectly happy being childless. It's worth it to note that all my friends have kids and some even Grand kids. 
Your mom. 
So if this were socially acceptable today we'd have ~~binders~~ lines of women  around the block looking to be 'treated'?

It's not dumb at all. What are you gonna do, run around in circles? Do somersaults? He was the only guy in Hawaii who woke up refreshed whilst everyone else was frazzled , emotionally drained and psychologically scarred. lol 
Yes
Chandler?
My uncle Jack got stuck on the roof..
Now I know what I want at the used DVD shop down the street. They have a whole section called 'TV shows'. 
Really into standing in the line at the DMV right now. 
Just create FB lists, then share with a particular list. 
Yeah. Pls op
Can someone explain?
Unless there's a 'G'day' thrown in.
Everyone has a plan until they get beered in the nose.
When I was about 8 I was walking along happily tapping a stick on the sidewalk. The stick suddenly got stuck in a crack then jammed the stick into my rib cage, *hard*. It knocked the wind out of me and I cried.

I'm glad cell phone videos weren't a thing back then.
'Humblebragging' isn't actually humble.
Yeah, what's that aboot?
I've done some stupid shit back in my drinking daze. Not shut-down-nightclub stupid though.
"I didn't think he was talking to me, I'm horse face" :: patient dies::
Back in the day it was the library microfiche. So there's that. 
You gotta have sewage in your blood.
I learned how to fix my vehicles by the shop manuals, library (1990s) and just taking it apart and figuring it out. I save a lot of money that way. My friend in another state payed $3000.00+ (ripped off) for the mechanic to replace her fricken ball joints. I told her that would have costed me parts ($100-150)

Yep. My brother and sister got cars (at different times) and I basically got nothing. When I mean nothing I mean *nothing*. I don't think it was intentionally hurtful or anything and I didn't really think about it at the time. But years later I'm like "Wait, they got *cars*"
Act accordingly
Tell them I sent you
Back in the 80s before the internet *was ubiquitous* there was dirty magazines. In the back of said magazines there were dirty ads. I saw a picture of my older cousin spreading her pussy open in one of these ads. 

To this day it's hard to believe. I think her ex husband sent those pictures in or something. 
I'll take a wild ass guess and say no because they can only search what's *on* the laptop and *not* connect to another remote computer and search that.
I picture John Bellushi: *"HOW MUCH FOR THE LITTLE GIRL"*
Davis CA. It's perfectly lovely and charming, not to mention hot college girls everywhere. 

I first met my ex GF there and Davis is chock full of memories of our times together. 

I hope she's doing well.
Yes! Source: I watched Matlock
I'm not sure if this is what you're referring to but I was in Berkeley recently and there was a group of youngsters (freshman college, maybe) dressed like 80's punkers, except *ridiculously* immaculate. Like they were on a magazine shoot or something.
My ex previous to the last one was a cheating, lying ho. She painted *herself* as much without any help from me. I *never* spoke out against her on social media or IRL. Never called her a bad name. In looking back I feel good that I never lashed out in anger. I think that's what OP is getting at.
Oh I'd *definitely* drop any/all combinations of the words *'corn, harvest, pick, by hand'* etc around her.  I'm petty that way. 
Thomas Magnum over here
I know a few people (non friends BTW) who are *very* well-off financially. They absolutely will fuss over and/or flat-out refuse to pay small fees for no reason. 
Same. My little brother got a car. He then ruined the engine, so dad bought a brand new engine for him. He then got the car seized for driving without a license/insurance (he was previously warned by the cops) and never got the car back. This was back in the 90's and dad has since passed away so I can't hold a grudge.
He's a lazy sack of shit, can't you read?
Wonder no more!
My HTC was slow to begin with. I ditched it for a Samsung before it was even paid off it was that bad.
Just a prank, bro. Here, have a drink.
*Never lend money
They're communication devices to send wires. Ex: "At the airport [stop] ETA 3pm [stop] Meet at cell phone lot [stop]"
For the restivus
An acquaintance of mine told me her brother was going to be a Dad. I jokingly told her to tell him to name his child Nevaeh because it's heaven spelled backwards. Lo and behold...
Oh, the "Just being honest" types? That's one of my pet peeves. The person who'll say *"You're skinny as fuck, just being honest my dude"*
How so? When I drove for Uber I definitely had to pass a background check. Also when you hail an Uber you get a picture of the driver.
Jon Voight's Chrysler LeBaron 
Just like you could be murdered if you met someone at a bar or grocery store.
It's only *first name* and you can type in any thing you want. 
How is hailing a taxi in a big city any different? Or a BNB in a place you've never been to?
That guy that shreaks *"LEAVE BRITNEY ALONE!"*
That's hideous and hilarious
This must be why people fight so hard for bear arms.
A wall around *themselves*
[Most , if not all, foods have traces of bugs of some sort.](https://blogs.scientificamerican.com/but-not-simpler/i-hate-to-break-it-to-you-but-you-already-eat-bugs/)


Bow Chaka Chaka wowww
Yep. I live in a densely populated area. My wealthy ex girlfriends parents have houses sprinkled all over the place. One of them is near lake Tahoe. It's very nice to just pick up and leave knowing you have a nice place to stay at your destination. Of course that's all over for me cuz I'm just a blue collar guy. ::sigh::
Very un-carefully
I hear ya. Death Angel at The Fillmore made me cry. 
You know how there's a sub-reddit for everything?...
"One splits, one picks" was the trick a weed dealer taught me when I was younger.
Let's get mythbusters on the case
Yeah. I heard 'Waffle Stompers' term since I was a kid and it was always referring to hiking-type boots with waffle-type sole. Never heard the shower/shit thing before. 
Back in the day microtransactions were quarters into the video game. And I funneled a lot of them into arcade games.
Alright STOP
The last clear ice on Earth
Ahh MJ, those were the glory days.
Yes
My bully died as result of slipping on a mossy rock at low tide and being knocked out (he was also drunk, as per usual) Tide came in and drowned him. 

The guy never uttered a kind word in his whole life. (He was around early 40s)

This sounds cold but good riddance.
Love the #FatShaming hashtag. 
The r/Breakups and r/ExNoContact helped me out a lot. 
Aiight.How YOU doin'?
The jobsite's portable shitter I assume, which is common. I assume because it was a story related to me and I wasn't there. This scenario is very likely BTW. 
Max Headroom
A person new to the trade, inexperienced. I've heard the term apply to other things as well. It just means 'inexperienced'.
When I was a carpenter a co-worker told me a story about the time he talked a green horn into believing that insulation makes a good asswipe in a pinch. He said the green horn made it about an hour (after shitting) before he left work and never returned. 
Shouldn't that be [Led Zeppelin](https://youtu.be/zl-CriM6vx0) ?
>Growing up, I was poor, eating out at any restaurant was a luxury.

Same her. For us eating out was few and far between. 

The buffet restaurant in the Ballard neighborhood in Seattle was a real treat. On that note *any* sort of soft drink or candy was a treat (as opposed to the norm) 
That's oddly specific
All time favorite band. 
Nah , she'd look pretty much exactly the same
Many thanks. I'll be trying this over the weekend
Reminds me of back when I was a carpenter. This idiot on the job site saw a ladder that was propped improperly (the angle was closer to horizontal than vertical).

 Anyhow it's propped over a stairway so he sees it and decides to do some show-off, hot doggin' and decides to swing on it monkey bar style. Suddenly he loses grip at about 5 ft off the ground and falls. No biggie only his elbow hits the steel railing around the stairwell with a loud *THUNGGG*. 

He doubles over holding his elbow in pain. I can only watch and shake my head. Luckily no bad injury. 
It's a Christmas miracle! We did it, Reddit!
I can see that it's electric, theres an electric 'actuator' . I forgot to mention that it's open all the time. Thanks
*Because you do the work of 1/5th the avg person*
Threes Company. Suzanne Somers *nails* it.
Is this legit? 
I picture you arguing this at the dinner table and two people responding:*"WTF is he talking about?" "Dunno,I heard something about yoga and pork and turkey"* lol 
I was half-giggle myself. Ha-ohh
"What's the deal with ladders" [audience laughs]
Yes. Exchange your Reddit Gold for cash at a participating 'Cash for Gold' outlet.
Boiling water can actually hurt you. ***The more you know.
At any given time my keys are only ever in four spots: In the ignition, on the night stand, in my pocket and in my pack when I'm biking. 

My ex GF used to just plop her keys anywhere that was convenient at that moment, she was always losing her keys. Then I told her the secret keymakers don't want you to know: Train yourself to set your keys in a specific spot when you walk into your place.
Poke eye holes in newspapers so they can sit on a park bench and spy on passers by with their shifty eyes.
I'm about 8 or 9 months post break-up. This happened to me along the way. Best I can say is that it gets better. Right now I'm in a good place but it's taken me this long to get here. 

EDIT: This sort of happened to me the other day, the difference now is that theres only a short period of sadness as opposed to a depression that colors your whole existence. 

I was looking thru the kitchen and found an old bag of fancy coffee she had bought for me. I was saddened for a short time but was over it before the day was over. 

But I still can't bring myself to throw away that damn coffee. 
What's the other ranch nearby this one(or preserve) that's associated with Folgers coffee? I was there last fall but it can't be this one because this one just opened. 
Yeah my ex and I would joke about Rancho San Antonio being so crowded. I'd joke that it's the NYC of trails and I'm surprised that there's no panhandlers along the trail. 
It was the worst of gifts, it was the best of gifts.

It was my birthday and my mom pulled off the shelf at a 7-11 this package of cheap trinkets and handed them to me. 

It was then I understood that we weren't doing so well financially. But mom was trying and that made the gift a good gift. I thanked her and acted as though I loved it. 

RIP mom. 
Cylindrical structure is pretty strong.
I just buy the cheapo ones at the mall kiosk. I tend to lose them anyway.
No
After reading through those I want to post one that asks: *'Hey, Jackass with the huge truck:Why are you racing recklessly through the neighborhood?'*
Yes, start young. The sooner the better.
The most fearsome guy I've ever met is half my size but would put me down real quick. I've seen the guy make quick work of guys bigger than me. Just saying.
I know it's not the same but I went to jail for 30 days back in the 90s and it had the same effect on me. I cant say I became an angel but can say I never went back.
I once ate a burger in Portland OR called *'Communication Breakdown Burger"*. I can't remember the name of the place though.
Still running?
Where do I sign up?
All I see is a dismembered head and arms.
Hmm. I'm guessing something off camera.
Thanks. Nice shot
A hook hit my friend square in the mouth. (I wasn't present). Loosened a few teeth and knowing him *no* lesson learned. lol
ACME
I was never able to find this spot
What's this from?
Black Sabbath Vol 4
Save it for the judge
> Because there is still a part of me that wants you to run back and pick me up right this instant.

This resonates with me.

There's still a part of me that entertains a fantasy that she shows up out of the blue at my door. I answer, she says "Hey", I say "Hi". I ask her in and we sit and talk for hours into late night..

It's been 8 or 9 months since we split. 

And so it goes..
Don't you mean 'THANKS'? 
Maybe it *was* her whole life savings.
Ohh, *taking* a shit is rare. Usually they *leave* shits. I see.
Wouldn't that presuppose that at the core you've been a grump all along and have just been covering it up? 
The kind from Ma Bell!
I never said it was my business. I said to me it's extravagant. I never say anything to them at all about what they do with their money because *it's their business*
I watch my coworkers spend $10 (at least) on lunch every day. They make the same money I do or less. To me that's extravagant spending.  
She's made wise investments, utilised tax shelters and maxed out her 401K for decades whilst I "enjoyed" my money on shit I didn't need. She'll *never* have to worry about money for the rest of her life (given her financial trajectory). Meanwhile I'll be working past retirement and will never own a house and will always have to worry about money. 

If I could do it over I'd save save save
She'll retire early and travel meanwhile I'll be working my ass off till the day I die. *That's* enjoyment.
My wealthy ex girlfriend (self made) once said of her sizeable bank accounts. *"That's 20 years of NOT going out to lunch"* . I mean it was more than that but she was speaking figuratively.
And playing the Trolololo song on loud speaker.
Indubitably!
Take the hacksaw, leave the Merc
I'm just glad op posted picture evidence.
It's easier for someone like me who's non-confrontational to call someone out in front of a large crowd rather than one-on-one. I've done both. 
Reminds me of when the media published a story about how a rare birds nest was spotted somewhere. The media published the location and assholes flocked to it. I can't remember the details tho. 
Yo, dog. I heard you like spinning..
Seems lame. I picture it landing several blocks away then whoever's yard it lands in they have to toss it out. Pretty much littering.
What are we talking here?
What happens when you see a Yukon Denali driving down the street?
Ideal for [overlanding](https://youtu.be/YgT3IbtKOu8)
Oh that's the Hypostomus plecostomus
Assed chaps is why incognito mode was invented.
Wings. At least as far as I can remember.
It's a brand new belt and I've cleaned the pullies thoroughly.
No. I'll give it a shot. Thanks
Right.At speed, in a panic stop you'd still roll. Can't overcome those physics.
That's a felony
All the tech in the world won't overcome the physics of what would happen under emergency hard braking. Not in this configuration anyway
Thanks, installing now.

 >T-Mobile's blocking resets every 90 days.

That's pretty fucking dumb.
Yeah but everyone gets death threats nowadays. I'll probably get death threats for this comment.
Go on...
Like, woke? 
I dated and was rejected for *years* before I met my GF. Some were not nice about rejecting me (one gal walked in, gave me a sour look, then turned around and walked out)

Oh BTW my GF of 2.5 years dumped me and I am now back on the dating scene being rejected. But I'm trying.
Haircut, laundry, hike. 
I had a Schwinn sort of like that. Can't remember what it was called but it had a big back tire and a small front. Also had a gear stick-shift (similar to a cars) mounted on the frame between your legs. An adult man talked me into trading me for his crappy 10 speed and $10, I was 10 yrs old. 
It's been about 8 or 9 months and I'm pretty close to indifference.In the beginning it's hard to picture feeling indifference but you *will* get there. 
In the middle of a card game: *"Wait, who's got the baby?!"* [laugh track] 
Someone shot a load and it did all that? 
Going to get my internet law degree, BRB
My girlfriend of 2.5 years will have yet to dump me. Yay 
More cushion for the pushin' 
Jesus can make a burrito so hot it would melt through any locks they tried to hold him with.
Date him again and tell us how it goes. OP plz
Me t
I had a friend who would always brag about how easily he could break into and steal things. 

For example we would be walking by a locked shed and he'd say *"I could break into that so easily"*. 

We're no longer friends. 
Nothing wrong with Goodwill or second hand stores. My wealthy ex girlfriend got a lot of her things there. So do I and I'm gainfully employed. 
Gold plated jet. 
So does smoking
This just confuses me. You went to make up what numbers and what is Mickey?
>I wonder what my neighbors thought

*"Such a hot, sexy man. I wanna have his baby"*
Go on..
Oh, the *'Peaked-in-high-school'* guy who was also an insufferable ass in those years. I know him.
'Tight Place Inspector II' starring Sycou
So nothing with 'Two Girls and One Cup'?
Can still take it to Cash for GOLD. 
Agreed but I'll add that she said she wouldn't have been able to get where she's at without schooling. 
Actually, no. Subs usually bid as well.
Contractors in the US generally don't get paid by the hour either.
My ex GF went to college for computer science and other computer-ey stuff I don't recall and became a programmer at Google. However her babies Daddy is a highly paid programmer in Silicon Valley and never went to school beyond high school. Apparently he's not just any programmer either, he holds a somewhat high position in the company. 
Take their keys
>which surprised the sedan driver, causing him to overcorrect the steering 

If I hear a small thump on my car (which has happened BTW, and it wasn't small, it was louder than a small kick) it definitely wouldn't cause me to swerve sharply towards a concrete barricade. And if it did I would turn in my keys for a bus pass.
What's going on here? Why not take a before/after?
Everyone in my small town had a Colorado Rockies hat in the late 90s. Apparently the 'CR' logo was gangsta. LOL
Literally? I overheard a girl at the store use 'literally' instead of 'really?'.

Oh, literally?

I wanted to bang my head on the counter.
On a long overlanding trips, yes absolutely. Otherwise turn in your truck keys and stay in the mall
Hmm. I have a run-of-the-mill tent and a truck. The well made ones that mount on your truck whip away much faster I guarantee it. Like I said, I'd get one for long distance overlanding. They're more ideal for that 
I'd get one for long overlanding trips like [this guy](https://youtu.be/zdiuk2qhHYg). Also I understand that they fold away in like 2 minutes. (The well made ones)
This is an on-again, off-again, roller coaster relationship. I had this with my ex for several months. All I can say is that I'm glad she finally broke it off for good cuz I didn't have the resolve to do it myself but was tired of the roller coaster ride.
I imagine mall management would step in first, then mall cops. lol
Yes I'd absolutely wouldn't have taken it down without an inspection first. The landlord can say "They destroyed a perfectly good deck that costed me thousands!"
OMG you lost an arm? Good ole left-hook they call her now
When I met my wealthy ex she had a very modest apt in a college town. She had sort of shabby furniture. Turns out the complex she lived in the students set their used furniture out when they'd move out and other students/residents grab the used furniture and use it themselves, rinse repeat. Keep in mind she's wealthy, although I didn't know she was until well into our long term relationship. (Because she lived very frugally) 
Could've stopped at 'lifted truck'. 
My independently wealthy ex GF once told me (of her hefty bank account) "That's decades of *not* going out to lunch with my coworkers".  Of course that was only a small piece of why shes well-off financially.
And most people don't think about how your accuracy takes a nose-dive under life/death type of stress. 
Hmph, works for me. On weekdays I have to be up at 4:45am for work so I go to sleep at 9pm-ish. On weekends I stay up late (11ish)
Finish deck first pic! 
Maybe a hippo/elephant/rhino, Helephino ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
I thought this was going to be the one that goes a little something like this *"boom daka ingg dapa inga"*
Don't.check.ex's.online activity, ever. I'll say that until I'm blue in the face. There's nothing there for you. 
I'd break my arm for dat ass
Jenner is nearly 70, plastic surgery can only do so much .
They shot each other to death. 
Hobo sex
It looks easy
I say 90% of me never wants to see her again. 

I should hope I handle things the way you did. Part of me would *want* to say a few things to her new BF as a warning. But it's not my business and not my place so I'd hold my tongue. 
Have you seen the movie 'The Crush'? 

>It makes me wonder what the world will look like 100 years from now.

Post apocalyptic hellscape where humanity is on the brink of extinction.
He died doing what he loved. Pour one out for op. *Meet you at the crossroooadss*
Spend a few bucks and get the thicker, heavier duty tarp. 
I was thinking "Oh, he'll like this riff right here". Sure enough
[cue Seinfeld music] 
Why? It's not 1950
The *one person* who should be wearing one of those 'No Fear' t-shirts.
I make dumb mistakes all the time. Today I told my coworker to enter the wrong info into our materials tracking system. 

That's a long way from cheating on my girlfriend by making out and/or screwing some other gal. That's not a 'mistake', IMO, that's a serious relationship-destroying offense.

We don't have to agree I'm just airing my opinion.
> girls night and gets drunk and makes out with some dude on the dance floor.

Nah, fuck that. She can take her circus act down the road. Alcohol is no excuse. 
Wait, who pushed the 'enter' butto-
All the way to the poor house!
Star Wars franchise always sold merchandise. 
Ridiculously photogenic beautifully verbose guy.
Spoiler alert
No worries. I completely forgotten how much I was messed up over her. This is actually a good reminder that I got over Erica and I'll get over this one too.
Wait. How did you know I had an ex named Erica? I say "had" because she passed away a few years ago. (Causes unknown to me) Did I mention her before?
His phone rings and he looks at caller ID and it's HIMSELF. dun dun DUNN
The one trick ex girlfriends don't want you to know. Ex girlfriends hate him.
Ahh yes. The roller coaster from Hell. Been there, done that. Hang in there
Nope. Her blocking you is a clear message. Also your apology to her may be construed as you only trying to make yourself feel better rather than a sincere apology. **Not** saying that that's what's happening here but this has happened to me before.
I've said this many times: stay far away from your ex's social media. It serves no purpose for you. I ask myself *why* would I want to see her with her new guy? 
She started sleeping around a lot. If that's what you do, fine, but I don't want any part of it.
>And are tou sure that you are remembering ALL the things and not only the good ones?

For me this is important. I tend to forget or not think about the crazy shit she's pulled. I started a diary and it's helped me a lot in this regard.
And they're still running to this day
I usually get "Hehe, that's noot a noyfe"
Washing dishes. She left chunks of food or at least food residue on all the dishes. She never filled the sink with water nor used hot water. She would just dribble water on the dishes, then wipe them a bit.
Wow I've seen cobblestone before. Small world.
For a time it felt surreal. Like this can't be happening, how could this be? It was only *yesterday* (figuratively speaking, it feels that way) we were hiking, snuggling, laughing. 

Now it's all gone, *forever*. 

It's better now but it was very difficult for a while.
OMG thoughts and prayers
Thoughts and prayers
That would solve many, if not all, healthcare issues.
Avg Joe here. Why not?
Let me sleep
The king called out his jet fighters. Peww peww
For me, for us, our relationship was truly *over*. So there was no relationship problems to solve, because there was no relationship anymore.

After our split this wasn't entirely clear,it wasn't the case, IMO. 

So after a few months of sporadic back and forth she asked me to not contact her anymore. Now it's crystal clear that it's over. I cannot *force* her to want to talk to me and if one party asks for NC the other has no choice but to honor that . She's moved on and I have no choice but to accept it and move on myself . 


She did us both a favor by asking me not to communicate with her because I'm able to move forward rather than hold onto false hope. And more importantly I'm able to heal.

This may not be your situation so NC may or may not be suitable for you at this time. 
The only thing you're really married to is the tattoo
::sigh:: Look at the pretty flowers, Lacy. Look at the pretty flowers. ::sobs::
OMG my daughter is named *Lacy*, what shall I do?
>Don't mess your life up for ANYONE.

There were days I *really* didn't want to go to work because I was in shambles.

I can't miss work or I'll be fired and face terrible ordeal. 

There were days that instead of working I just wanted to drive far far away and go camping or walk the beach or anything else but go to work and think about her. And I love my job.

No matter how much turmoil and pain don't mess things up for yourself. If that means going to work and focusing on doing your best, so be it. Do what needs to be done today.

I told my friend this who is going through a tough break-up now. He seems to be missing work and screwing things up for himself. 


She knocked his socks off!
S

Tomorrow will be the most beautiful day of his life. His breakfast will taste better than any meal you and I have ever tasted.
I know this will be petty of me but if I saw her on a dating site/app I'd LMAO because that would mean it didn't work out with her new guy.
Roughly the same as Beany Babies
Power windows on a car
>Not hearing from her gives me the inner peace I needed so much.

I've said this before: When she politely asked me to not communicate with her anymore she did us both a service. At first I was hurt , but then slowly started seeing the value of NC. 

Feeling more at peace every day, the hurt is faded, and this sub is also a big help. 
Smash-cut to a time-lapse of you and Obama fixing up the room he'll be staying in, then in the end scene you're both covered in paint and drywall an you do a high-five.
Boom, denied! This doggy should be in the Puppy Bowl 
[citation needed]
Gawd damn!
As someone who has been skinny my whole life, skinny definitely has it's down sides. I've noticed big guys get more respect. I work in the trades (welder) and a big, strapping guy gets treated a lot different than a skinny guy such as myself. Not complaining, just an observation. EDIT: I'll point out that I'm not being mistreated at my job in any way shape or form. BUT when I was at a different job working for a real asshole he'd yell at me for the smallest of things. Then in comes a BIG strapping dude who was working the same job I was and the boss treated him WAY different. Practically kissed the guys ass. This is just ONE of many examples I could think of offhand if I were inclined to type it out.
We did it, comrades!
Speaking of company HQs there's Silicon Valley and ports, there's the port of Oakland. 
A friend (who was walking at the front of a group of other friends) was talking loudly and didn't notice that everyone behind him turned down another corridor leaving him walking and talking to himself. He didn't notice for quite some time. 
I heard lil bow-wow owns
It's nacho cheese!
I leave the shopping cart in the parking lot. ::gasp::
I'll echo this and add that a few more months from now you'll feel better and you'll be glad things worked out the way they did. 

Also I've had much experience with a person who was addicted to gambling. Gambling can be like a wrecking ball that destroys important pieces of a person's life.(interpersonal, financial, self-esteem,etc). My father gambled away a house that was paid off, his paychecks, a good portion of his retirement. The only reason why he didn't gamble away his whole retirement is because he died of cancer before he had a chance to. He gambled all the way up to about 1-1/2 weeks before he died. I'll never gamble and never knowingly be involved with someone who gambles.
My advice would be to not analyze it. I did analyze every little thing she said and did but it's a big waste of energy. (In other words don't waste your time/energy like I did)

That said I understand it's very difficult to *not* look at everything.
Don't get high on your own supply
Exactly this. This right here is why I'll never peek at her social media pics. I have zero interest in knowing what her new guy looks like, I don't want to see a picture of them kissing, snuggling or holding hands. Fuck that it's not worth it to me. 
>Honestly, I hoped she'd come back so I just waited and hoped she'd realize her mistake and miss me. 

This right here. Also the beginning of the end for us was a messaging argument that started small. For the longest time I would think to myself *"Maybe if I just kept my mouth shut.."*   But after a while I came to realize that our relationship was on the rocks long before our last argument. 
Resting Bitch Face
>Do not go on social media through a browser

So I've read here that others have looked at their ex's Facebook, Instagram or whatever. DO NOT do this.

This will only set you back. 
Chingamadero, my boss calls everything 'chingamadero'.
Hey, it's me ur guy
Neo's
You should look up the definition of cult *classic*. By your logic the 'Rocky Horror Picture Show' (and many others) wouldn't be a cult classic. lol
Beavis and Butthead is a cult classic. lol
Same reason someone got one that says 'Gangnam Style' . 
Ok I didn't actually see it happen but this dude I knew got drunk, punched another guy and the punchee got hurt really badly when his head hit the concrete (after being knocked out). The dude went to prison for five years as a result. The guy who was knocked out fully recovered after a week in the hospital. 
>and we never heard from him again at work or school

Damn it messed up his vocal cords too?!
Oh man, this right here. I should have left her but I was the one who was dumped. I want to tell her that how she treated me was wrong and no one should put up with it. Also that if she treats her new guy the way she treated me that it won't last. 

But, like you said, it's not my job and not my place and not my problem. 

Getting closer to not giving a fuck
I think it's like ' Potato-sacking'.
Spoil it for everyone. Not everyone has seen it.
The essence of moving on is coming to a place where you're indifferent to what your ex thinks/does/feels/etc. Also you better yourself for *yourself*. EDIT: I'll add that moving on from her was one of the most difficult things I've done. 7ish months in and I'm feeling pretty good finally.
You can say they were *Enterprising*. 

::put on shades::
Go oon..
My ex (2.5years) broke it off shortly before my beloved father passed away. She really didn't say a fucking thing when I told her. After two and a half years of a "loving" relationship, **nothing**.  Had the reverse happened I'd move mountains to help any way I could(and I'd tell her this), but no, *nothing* from her. I understand we were apart but we were *freshly* separated for fucks sakes. 

Sorry for the hi-jack.
Hey, that's what *I've* done (put a number on it). I'm at about 95% healed.
7ish months and I'm almost back to normal. Now I can be at spots where we hiked/biked and not be all fucked up.
Wait. Wouldn't you starve to death? 
"hmm, I found a gun...no, dammit, that won't work...hmm"
>We are talking again but now I have to hear about the guys she's fucking/interested in .

Fuuck, *that*. No. She's got a new guy and I sometimes wonder if they made it a few months (doubtful). Then I have to remember that whether or not they've made it *her* and *I* will *never* make it very far. I just don't want to know about her life anymore because it includes her new guy. Edit: this realization hurt badly for a while but is getting easier every day.
Yep. I've had similar where I open the door and she's standing there next to her bike with her biker helmet on and she says 'Oh,hey' (as she does)  and I respond same. She comes in, sits and we talk for hours. 

Then I have to tell myself: *"That ain't happening, let it go"*

And so it goes.
My goal right there. 
There was an expose'(sp) on this back in the 90s(?)that aired on one of those "60 Minutes" style TV shows. They showed the troopers (or sheriffs) in one of the southern states randomly pulling people over and essentially stealing their cash. Granted some may have been criminals but most (IIRC) were just innocent ,law abiding citizens who were carrying cash. It's been a long time so I can't recall details. EDIT: AND they were seizing funds taken from innocent people because their drug dog indicated positive when it sniffed their money. This despite that even back then it was known that *most* currency has traces of cocaine on it;that's what the dog was picking up on.
I need to shoot a hobo just to get a boner nowadays
Annual hobo migration
So, it's possible?
Maybe they just don't want to talk about it? ::shrug:: 
Yeah you don't need this occupying your head. I say unfollow.
You can as long as you don't have any lingering romantic feelings for her. I'm friends with my old ex from **years** ago and her and I have a totally different, *platonic*, relationship now.

However I still have feelings for my **recent** ex and I'd be all fucked up if I saw her holding hands with her new BF. So I wouldn't *want* to be friends with her until enough time has passed where I don't have these feels anymore. 
That's *her*. Don't worry about what *she* does anymore, that's the idea/goal. 2 years from now the hurt will be gone but I still want the picture of her and me together. Even if I don't look at it but every couple years. In time you'll be indifferent to what she's done/not done post breakup.
I hadn't deleted her pics, I've 'archived' them and just won't look at them until the pain has subsided. Also, 'archived' items that she's given me. (clothing,small gifts,etc). I urge you not to look at her FB or anything else online, it only sets you back.
Wait... nevermind
>She hasn't been posting on social media in a while which is very unlike her. 

Stop looking at her social media. Stop looking at *everything* that specifically has to do with her. (pictures, letters,etc) 

7 months since our last and final break-up of a 2.5 yr relationship and I'm almost back to normal.
I see a whole lot of ladies holding wine glasses, yoga-posing on a rock by the ocean, posing with their ex, in da club getting drunk. It's kinda the same.
Dating itself is like a job interview, whether online dating or old fashioned.
[More visions of the future](http://gajitz.com/forecasting-the-future-7-past-visions-of-21st-century-life/)
No. But in a similar vein, she knows my Reddit Username but I seriously doubt she'd ever look me up. IF (thats a BIG 'IF') she did then that means she put in the effort to pry into my online activities,which in turn means I'd still be on her mind (HI!) which I will *never* do.
*Not* start drinking alcohol. My father (RIP) once told me: *"Your mother and I had a good life until alcohol entered into it"*. 
Oh, ok I didn't know that. I dont know the history of Reddit
Is that a Reddit sub?
Yes
Was is Steve Jobs?
Yes but even with those straps it's not a good idea to get moving that fast for *30* ish feet. 
I had that mentality when I was 18. I bought a 4wd Toyota pickup, first snowfall and I figured I'd just put it in 4WD and I'd be unstoppable. I even thought I could zip around corners faster than 2WD. The first thing I did was spin it out and nearly put it in the ditch. Luckily I recovered and was careful after that. 
That'll be our little secret
For a second *I* mistook Ice T for Just Ice
> The thought of my ex with other guys still feels weird to me, until I remember why we broke up and I think: "Someone else can have her and deal with her shit".

This exactly. I would hurt over her spending time with another guy until I remembered the shit she pulled and that she absolutely *will* pull the same shit on the new guy and she's *his* problem now. 
They have good wigs at the swap meet
She's still on my mind every day, only less so and it doesn't hurt so much now. The only thing I can attribute that to is *time*. After 6-7ish months pain and thoughts of her fade more and more. Hope this helps
>She may even go to those places with the new guy, which hurts like crazy.

Oh I know that feeling, trust me. It's been about 7 months since our final break-up and maybe 2 since NC. We've done *so* much hiking/biking around my home region I can't go *anywhere* nearby and do the activities I love without being reminded of her because we've *been* there together. Also she has a new guy she's hiking with. 

I will say that the hurt is mostly subsided. I do have down days but they're not so bad anymore and getting better all the time. 

Hang in there
So, where's the Jeep itself? Nice keys..I guess
I *think* it means that if you make $25/hr and you've spent $100 on shoes. You've spent 4 hours of your life on those shoes. This is why she really *really* hates spending money and thus she's wealthy. We're talking about a woman who saved paper route money for college living-expense money.
My ex GF is independently wealthy and this is her mindset. She once said *"That's your LIFE you're spending"*. Meaning you're spending your time (life)  making it so it's like your spending your life.At least I think that's what she meant by that. Anyhow she's not a millionaire *yet* but she's well on her way. Her father *is* a millionaire but she's never taken a dime from him. (She's a highly paid programmer who's been at it since the 90s and has always lived frugally) 
Choo choo! 
The *Reddit* family. ::sniff::
I use my phone a lot for work-related crap. Imagine having to lug around a full DSLR all day just to use the phone.
Was it a giant flat screen? My GF (at the time) got one of those cabinets made for TVs .It has doors to protect the TV when not in use. BUT you cannot fit a giant flat screen in it. 
See you at the Grand Ole Opry
Who was your sixth grade teacher? Because I have some choice words for this person regarding your lack of reading comprehension.
I guess for some people a little common courtesy is too much, huh? 
Ok. If there's more than a few of them hiking together do they have to hike side-by-side and take up the whole path? 
I mean the gaggle of them who walk side-by-side and take up all 10 feet of trail. Not the single or even the group of them who only walk 2 wide. So calm down big fella
Nice strawman. Please reread until you get what I did and *didn't* say.
This. And if you have to do a grueling hike to see a beautiful view there's usually no crowds and no stroller mommies taking the whole damn trail up.

 Edit: I'll clarify I *did* say 'whole damn trail'. I was implying when there's more than a few and they hike side-by-side taking up the **whole path**. 
>so she contacted you to see if you're still on the back-burner. Don't fall for it.

You hit the nail on the head. I should hope I could have such resolve as OP.
Yes
Actually funded by big banana
I work in a welding shop and my boss is a burly mean-looking fella with jail tattoos, the whole shebang.

Her and I (before the final breakup) were off-and-on for over a year. The first time we broke up I was in shambles (inside) but made it to work and kept it all inside.

Well one day at work my boss must have noticed something so he asked me if I'm ok. Oh man I started telling him about our split and I had to jump up and leave mid-sentence lest he see me break down in tears. He then pulled me aside and asked if I was eating, sleepin ok and told me about his failed marriages and I just have to keep-on keepin-on (I dont remember exactly, but that was the gist of it)

That first break up with her was the worst, for *weeks* it felt like I was going to lose it at any moment and the depression colored my whole world. The last, final breakup was/is bad but not as bad as the first one and I'm feeling better every week. 

Keep-on keepin-on and the pain fades away.
Salad tossing, is that like garbage bagging or fork lifting?
Yes. The trail is called Manhattan and no bike riding allowed. So I walked the bike on that trail but rode where there's biking allowed. PITA but well worth it. 
I was making $40+/hr plus overtime (working 7/12s) as a lowly construction site grunt in Alaska. Of course it was a Davis-Bacon wage job.
That's 'tribalism' at work. 
I'm still waiting for Beany Babies to rebound. Just need to clean off the mold
Where does he work?
Just need to creat a map of underground stations. 
>My biggest regret is not walking away sooner.

Well, *she* broke it off with me but I regret I didn't break it off myself. Also, I regret that I didn't *tell* her that the ultimate reason why our relationship fell apart was because of *her* actions.(She has different ideas of what happened) Now we'll never talk again.

Its a long story but thats it in a nutshell. There's enough blame to go around *but* it all comes back to her hanging out and communicating with *him*. 
I had long conversations with her about why she shouldn't go on a weekend getaway with her ex and that it would damage our relationship beyond repair. 

She did it anyway and continued to hang out with him *two years* into our relationship. She could never understand my problem with this. 

Now her new guy has to deal with her shit 
Hiking a scenic trail 
And check his ball veins!
What size shoe does he wear? Does he listen to Bon Jovi? Has he seen the movie Speed 2??
>I remember the kiss at the end of it.

Crap,I still think about our very first hug and our very last one. What really sucks is that some things we've done together seem like just yesterday. 

I needed this post. 

Thanks
Man I don't know what I'd do. I'd *like* to say I wouldn't respond. 

Someday I'll get to the point where I can honestly say to myself : 'Nope', then immediately delete her message. 
The Iron Triangle in Richmond Ca
Like when the Fonze was on Lavern and Shirley
*I believe that robots are our future, treat them well and let them lead the way. Show them all the beauuuty they posses insiiiidee* 
Oh, typical Bruce. Still at nowadays it in the office 
Killier, dude. Killer
Yeah that doesn't even look fun
It's got a cop motor, a four hundred and forty cubic inch plant. It's got cop tires, cop suspensions, cop shocks.
Interesting. Last night I watched 'The Outlaw, Josie Wales' starring Clint Eastwood.
You mean FresNOO?
My sisters friends daughter (16) from Alaska was telling her friend on the phone that she was currently somewhere in San Francisco. Yeah she was at my sisters place in Vacaville at the time. To be fair I think the biggest metropolitan area she'd ever been is Seattle. 
>I no longer have any desire to talk to him or know him as a person.

I'm slowly getting to that point with her and I very much look forward to the day where I can honestly say that I feel indifference towards her and who she's with. Thanks
Same here: she gave me a random piece of interesting looking metal that she picked up on her bicycle commute to work.(I'm a welder). I 'archived' it in a file box. Just can't let small mementos go yet. 
I still have not deleted her # yet. I'm still wrapping my head around the notion of never speaking to her again, it's been 5ish months since break-up, 1+ month since NC. (2-1/2 yr relationship)
>and sometimes even a lot of money doesn't make it worth it.

Oh, I don't know. I was a grunt out in the Alaskan Bush and I was making about $1800 a *week*. It was a 'Davis-Bacon' wage job.
Growing up in Alaska I make the joke to Texans: "Oh you're from Texas? That's a cute little State"

They don't like that. XD
Kim's mom
Please literally kill the word 'literally'
I remember when I thought 26 was old. ::sigh:: Those were the days. ::cough, cough,wheeze::
That made me miss that show
Then taste it to make *sure* it's actually shit. 
* Hershey highway
A gaggle of stroller mommies on a multi-use path are the *worst*.  It doesn't matter how wide the path is they'll form-up and block the whole damn path. 
We lived in Sunnyvale CA early 70's when our *very* similar pics were shot in front of our house. I wonder if it was the same guy. 
That's how I felt. I'm 5 months *in* post break-up and still coming to terms , but I'm feeling much better now. 
What do you know?

"All of it"
Mass Redditor die-off 
Implement the 'no contact' policy immediately. My ex politely asked me not to contact her over a month ago and it's the best thing she's done in our history. She's got a new boyfriend and if she hadn't asked I'd still be trying to win her back with long-winded, pathetic emails. 

*And* she'd probably be telling me about her adventures with her new BF. 

Fuck that. 

Try it one day at a time; just tell yourself 'Ok, I won't contact her in any way *today*'

Then string a few of those together and you'll have a week. String weeks together and a month, and so on. 

I feel much better after *not* talking to her or contacting her for a month+
>It's funny...as much as I think about my Ex, I never, ever think about what life would be like if we got back together,

Her and I were on-again/off-again. Every time we split I was heartbroken. But every time we got back together and I was at her place, I would think *"Why am I here? I don't want to be here"*. 

Right now I'm hurting but I have to remember our cycle.
Give the guy a break, he had a broken arm and was trying to put a couch in his van *by himself.*
A friend was sort of in the same situation. He was afraid of what would happen when he did do the break-up. He saved money and slowly moved whatever he wanted to take with him out. One day when she was at work he took the remainder of his stuff and caught a plane out that day. 
DUN DUN DUNNNN
You're absolutely right. In retrospect I should have instituted the *no contact* policy immediately. Lesson learned.
Holy chit that's what I told her when we first broke up for the last time. (It was on and off). I said :*"I wish that Eternal Sunshine movie was real"*

Also I told her that I read something on Reddit where someone said :*"Five years and three relationships later I still love her"* (something like that) and told her I hope that that's not *me* down the road.
We were big into outdoors/hiking/biking. Now I have a hard time finding a place to hike where her and I haven't been. If I *do* hike at a spot where we've been together I fucking reminisce : *"That's where I made that joke and she laughed and laughed"* . And boy does that hurt, especially since she's hiking with a new guy now.

Also there's a charming little city I used to frequent before I met her that I cannot bring myself to visit anytime soon. She lived there when we met so that whole town is chock full of memories of our times together.

I have nothing to add other than I used to say in fake astonishment "MY CARD WENT TROUGH??" 
Thanks for this. I agree with no contact. When we were broken up but still texting or talking I'm certain that our communications only delayed my healing. It was *over* but her contacting me or vice-versa brought about false hope. Then the last time she called she only called to tell me that she's got a new boyfriend. I was shattered. At that point, we were broken up for about 4 mo but still talking. In retrospect, I should have made a clean break.
No way I'd want to live forever.
PM Me if you want to talk. I work from 6am to 5pm M-Thu I live in the east bay. It's late right now (I usually sleep at 9pm) But after 5 tomorrow Im open
>we have near 24 hour sun this time of year

That depends on *where* in Alaska you live. I lived in Southeast AK for 30+ years and we never get *near* 24hr of sunlight. 
I'll bet you 10K you *will*
Chances are is that winning the lottery would ruin your life.
No it doesn't
Oo OOOH! ::snaps finger::
GILF
Brunettes
I named mine Matty Hayes (from an old sitcom)
No. She broke it off but after the initial hurt I started realizing that she did the right thing for *both* of us. I started realizing that no matter how much I miss her and how badly it hurts , this is absolutely the right path for both of us. 
This resonates with me. I couldn't be the father figure my ex wanted. I'm child free so I'm used to my quiet time or freedom to just up and go on adventures whenever it struck me. 

There's a **lot** more valid reasons why it wouldn't work between us though. 

And no offense to parents (all my friends are parents)
One of the girls died as a result of that scene. Dysentery IIRC

I sometimes dwell on our last fight. The one where she decided to dump me (after 2+ years). I say to myself "I should've just kept my mouth shut"

Then I remember that we've been having trouble long before the last fight. 

Thanks. I'll re-read this, I need to.
She had an ugly husband and three ugly kids. 

It's a line from a movie.
Exactly this. I'd cave and go running to her so I feel fortunate that she *doesn't* want to reconcile; Regardless whether I want to or not, I *cannot* be with her anymore (for some very good reasons). Although I do miss her every day. 
Every day I have to remind myself: *"I'm doing ok, I have a job that I like, a decent place to live. I'm doing ok. Keep moving forward"*


I used to know this dude who reached into his pants and grabbed his nuts all the damn time. We'd be sitting around and he'd casually have his hands on his balls.
My ex would do that about *her* ex. Now *I'm* her ex and I wonder if she does that about me. And I think she's back with her previous (to me) ex now. 
The pen itself is *click bait*
Or are psycho? Oh, that's *never* happened to anyone.
Exactly this. My ex lives a fairy tale existence (She's rich and has a high pay job) , I'm your average working-class schmoe.

No, I do not want to hear from her and her new BF.
Where can *I* get one of these 'green cards' that I can dangle in front of a Brazilian bombshell?
I was playing with a flare gun and ran out of flares. Lo and behold a 12 gauge buckshot shotgun shell fits perfectly in a plastic flare gun.

I loaded the shell in and pointed the gun and was a moment away from pulling the trigger when suddenly a friend noticed what I was about to do and yelled at me to stop else I'll blow my fucking hand off!

So I lashed the gun to a 2X4 and set it off remotely with a string. BAM! there were only fragments of the gun left and the 2X4 was a splintered stub
>So we met in a parking lot, and I got in his car and he drove us around until we found a restaurant we both liked.

I usually setup (or she does) a restaurant or cafe to meet at ahead of time. I don't want a stranger in my car, male or female. (I'm male BTW) 
Back in my drinking daze I could drink a fifth of hard stuff (80 proof) per day. As someone who hung out with fellow alcoholics I've met people who could drink a gallon of vodka per day. 


I needed this today. Thanks
I immigrated from Digg after it took a dump 
I know you're kidding but I'm glad I put a plug in the jug back in '08. Booze would make what I'm going through 50 times worse.
I think I suffer from poor adrenaline control too!!
I'm slowly getting to that point. Although I'm still wanting to share lifes moments with her once in a while. 
Good on you. 

If my ex called & left a message I admit I'd listen and answer if she called a second time, even though I know we should never *ever* be together again.
My ex started saving money when she was very young. Now she's sitting pretty whilst I live paycheck to paycheck. 

Anyone remember that scene where Walter White laughs maniacally in the crawlspace? XD XD
What if they had a vibrator in their bag. Would you be able to imply ownership? 
I'm a guy who grew up being skinny. 

There are always assholes who say shit like *Hey, you're skinny, why you so skinny? I'm just being honest"* They then shroud everything they say in 'Just being honest'
I was *just* thinking about how I should've complimented my ex.She complimented me more than I did her by far.

 So maybe he's just kinda dim like myself. 

My ex worked at Facebook for a year so we went to their gala Christmas party 2016 (2015?) . My ex never *ever* dressed up but that night she even did her hair.

I , like a dumbass, never complimented her that night. 

I often wish I could go back and do things differently.
GIMME BACK MY FAMILY
Go on..
Watsonville Ca. The girlfriend (at the time) and I stayed at a hotel there because it was close to Santa Cruz. Boringass little place and also I have bad memories because we had a fight on the drive home that started there. 
>  That they're way ahead in their healing and most likely are fully healed and don't care anymore.

What helps me is I tell myself "She's ahead of me but that's ok, I'll get there and when I do it really won't matter because I truly won't care about any of these things that are bringing me down right now"

I think about previous failed relationships where I had felt this same pain and couldn't see the light at the end of the tunnel but knew it was there. That's how this will be. Someday the pain will be gone and all this won't matter to me anymore. I'll have truly moved forward.



Someone should superimpose this text over a nice sunset landscape picture
Just like AA: ''One day at a time". Then it gets easier over time. 
So

Don't live in Oregon? Ooh yes. I.did.
I love these but the only issue I'd have is I *always* setup my tent *then* drive my Jeep in the surrounding areas. 
Yep. That's my fear. With almost no cushion my life could sink rapidly. 
Just what I needed. Thanks
Camping/photography in Mendocino County Ca tonight. Then off to Sausalito tomorrow to meet with a friend. Then Sunday is chores. Trying (unsuccessfully) not to think about her. 
>... torture chamber of things you should have said..

This resonates with me a lot. I wish I could turn back the clock and say things that cannot be said now. Do things that cannot be done now, and *not* do things that cannot be undone.


Exactly this. When we were still talking once-in-a-while. She'd call or I'd call and I'd hope there would be some indication  that she wanted to get together but that never happened. The times *I* asked to get together she'd make up excuses to not. Our conversations were just to hear each other's voices. Of course now we don't talk and I'm slowly getting to where I'm emotionally ok with that. 
Having done that sort of work myself the guy looks suspiciously clean.
A gal pal recently said to me: "A loss of a loved one who is still alive can be very hard". Meaning a break up. 

I'll probably never talk to my recently separated ex GF again and I've been coming to grips with that for weeks now. But as I've said in another thread I feel like I'm on the upswing from the depths of sorrow.
GDMSOB! By Bad Posture. So so beautiful.
Holy crap I don't tally up the time we've been apart either. It's just something that's too painful right now. Oh ,and I went through that anger phase too. I feel, as you will soon, that I'm on the upswing from the depths of sorrow.
Ok her and I don't talk anymore but when we did talk infrequently she told me something that made me realize she was hurting also. 

I *really* didn't think she gave two shits about our breakup until about 2 or 3 months ago (counting/tracking the time we've been apart is painful so I only know ballpark timeframe)  I stopped by her place to grab (almost) the last of my things. She told me that when she was telling her 6 yr old daughter that I won't be around anymore that she broke down in tears and that her daughter had to console her. She also told me that she'd think about me often when ,for example, she was in a commuter train and they went past a small ghost town that I've always wanted to visit. I didn't think she thought of me at all.

So maybe she is hurting like you are but she doesn't want you to know.  
Agreed. I love my job but I love my free time even more. Let's see: come in to work Friday, *or* leave early for Lake Tahoe? Hmmmm
My commute is 10 minutes so the extra two hours working doesn't bother me. However the extra long weekends make  4/10s totally worth it.
Yes absolutely. Im working that now and less commute plus 3 day weekend make it a no-brainer IMO
When a gaggle of stroller mommies block the whole multi-use path because they insist on walking side by side 5 across. 
Lit up like a Christmas tree
>I think I just became a sadist.

You've had it in you all along, Dorothy.
Fuck yo couch
*Or* spin around and fire the shotgun at anything that moves. You may have a tasty duck dinner.
It's what *drives* me. 
Truly uplifting in my current personal grief. This is why I subbed.
Seems like you would dent the hood 
Wait. What's wrong with Quickpic? Did I miss something because I still use it.
It would take much determination and resolve.
Living forever would be terrifying after the earth is burned to a crisp by the sun.
I don't miss steak dinners
Can't watch videos at work
Back in the day our old work truck had faulty horn wiring. Every so often it would just hooonk. So we were working a job and an old crotchety welder was in front of the truck and I was driving when suddenly hooonk. He flips me off, I flipped him off. 

Yeah that's pretty much the story right there. Sorry Reddit
I went to the 'Iron Triangle' neighborhood of Richmond CA and every house had 6ft tall wrought iron fences around them.All the projects had even taller fences . 
Also an adult man riding a chopper-style bicycle. No , not a motorcycle, a *bicycle*. Seems to be a thing with crazed homeless guys.
So unfair
Wait. TV wasn't his first rodeo?
How do you know? Are you a rocket scientist or something?
My sisters co-workers from the south were in Hawaii and a local called one of them a 'Haolie' . He responded *"Well hello to you too"*
Shit!
Bring your SO to Viagra Falls instead?
I picture flying around in a friend's chopper over Hawaii. If im not in a chopper I'm on a multi million dollar estate or driving a red Ferrari.
My Dad passed away on April 31st and my GF of two years broke up with me around the same time. Still getting over that double whammy. Oh , I was holding out hope for getting back with my ex until yesterday when she informed me that she is seeing someone else now. 

Now I just feel sick/depressed.
Chip? Chip Palmer?
What's more dangerous for young children:a household with a gun or one with a pool?

Pool by a long shot. I don't have a linky yet though.
Oh TERRY
Case closed
Reminds me of when my little brother, whilst we were eating cereal, told me that milk was 70% cow sperm. I stopped eating cereal for a while. 
I can change the hood?

Or will the hood change me??
Such a goood doggy.
I'm 47 and my ex GF is 38. By the time she reaches my age she could retire if she wanted.  Meanwhile I'll be in the trenches sweating my balls off. 

Fuck if I could do it over I'd start saving young. I don't give a fuck about dying rich. I do care about having to work my ass off till I can't move anymore. 
She took the 'vett
Long exposure of a *friend*
Yes. I worked carpentry for a few years and during the interviews I was *always* asked if I had a license to drive and a reliable vehicle. Job sites are always all over the city and not always near transit systems. 


Skilled welder here. Not really. Just takes a willingness to put in time to develop skills. No welding cert? Find a good shop that'll let you practice after hours and an experienced (certified) welder to guide you. In time you can test for a certification. 

Edit: I've worked in shops that don't even require welding certs for the guy welding/repairing machinery. (repair shop that's part of a factory)

Easy? No. Doable, yes. 
Shampoo
Then just drop the can on the ground. *Someone* will pick it up after all.
Sorta similar thing happened to me when I was in high school. I dreamt I had a girlfriend and it seemed so *real* and I remember having feelings for her. 

Then I woke up.
I don't know, all I can see is a clapped-out tire.
Approach at an angle so as not to drag your bumper or spare tire.
She needs the 'speak-with-manager' haircut
Looks like the one I wore in the 90's ::cringe::
"Fuck this, I'm turning my life around and helping people who cannot afford a complete set of walls." 
I was talking photos of a life guard tower at Pismo Beach with a real camera (as apposed to a cell phone). A young gal said loudly something along the lines "Creepy guy with a camera on the BEACH". 

If I were dreamy *or* female I have a feeling she wouldn't have said anything. 
There's a Seinfeld episode in there somewhere. 
You're not expendable to me, Rambo.
I did a 20 days in jail back in the 90's (underage drinking+minor offenses). I recall one guard would sit and play cards with inmates a couple times a week. He was an older fella who didn't take shit from anyone but earned the respect of inmates and guards alike. 
"Send photos of ATV"
No, Alaska isn't 'All ice'. Yes, Alaska is part of the US. No , where I lived we dont have 24hr sunlight and months of darkness, that's much further north. 
Actually no, Alaska isn't a great place to hide out for a variety of reasons. Etc etc
Thanks I'll do this. 
Sounds like a Seinfeld episode:[Cop]: *"Car smells like heroin"* [camera pans to Kramer eating a salad] ::insert Seinfeld music::
The existing is 7/8" OD and the new catalytic converter is 1/2" OD. I'm looking for a reducer but everywhere I look they only have reducers/adapters for the actual *exhaust pipe*. They dont have anything this small.

Does anyone have a line on reducers this small? OR does anyone have ideas as to what else I can do short of returning the cat? 

This was ordered online for a 1985 Jeep CJ7 inline 6 so I'd like to make this one work.

-Thanks
I'd get me a gold helicopter!

Wait. If you're pretty sure what is with the '?' ?
You sound like my ex
It springs upward slapping the offending hand. 
I told you *never* call me that, kid.
The firecrackers mixed with gunfire last night was awesome. /s
Pshht. I do that with Raisinets. So.fucking.good.
Prolly that cups/girls video but I ain't finding out. 
So you *did* miss the 70's
"Is she a great big fat person"

You mean ma? 
I'd respond with: *Why do firemen or paramedics get involved if it's not someone they know? It's not the big bucks"*
Can't you configure LR to save your backups to external HDD?
She's​ worse than a 'close talker'. 
And piggy bank ajar
You'd have to say it in that weird , high pitched. [Mid Atlantic accent.](https://youtu.be/Gpv_IkO_ZBU)
I remember seeing a kid listening to mp3s on his cell and thinking "Who the hell wants to listen to music on their damn *cell*?"

Turns out everyone. 

Including me.
My wealthy (self made) ex girlfriend said (when speaking about money) : "That's your life you're spending"

Meaning you put your own time (life) into getting money so it kinda is your 'life'. 
Green for the money, gold for the honey
I hope he was wearing some sweet "E.T. shoes from Buster Brown"
Who's very old and teaches Spielberg the most important lesson of all...
*Electric Boogaloo
A *herd* of pants. 
Thespians are my favorite people!
29
Yes, its got a plate. Thanks for the info.
No I live in the east bay 
Thanks, I missed this. Looks like I'm good to go from what I see here.
[cue Seinfeld music and Kramer stumbling in with a single glove on]
Conversely: My generation is more 'woke' than the previous one and ours will save the wooorld
I'm not sure what *you* mean. They had to break the stud to get it off. I wanted to replace the lock *with* a lock to discourage thieves. 
Thanks, bot. But since I don't have a key I'd rather break the stud off then replace the wheel lock with a matching key. 
The tire shop had to break mine off yesterday. The previous vehicle owner never gave me the key. New studs are only a few bucks a pop. 
My neighbor, Oscar, can vouch.
Off topic: When I was young I hung out with a thief l'll call Neil. One day we pulled up to a house that caught fire the previous day or so and was now boarded up. Neil jumps out , breaks in and comes out with a few items. Smash-cut to later that day we are barbequing chicken out at the lake. 

Neil informs me that we are eating stolen chicken (from the burned out house, the electricity was still hooked up) and the owner died in the fire. 

I ate a dead man's chicken. 
It's best you didn't ask
:: sigh:: Ok.. It's not your fault
Sadly we'll never know
....*maybe*. 
Best I could do is 20
They should organize a convention of sorts to help ex-cons. 

Call it Con-con. 

Ok, I'll just leave now.
[Performs brain surgery]
Not if it's at a public place in plain sight. Not saying it's not a shitty thing to do.
How will you cover up the cover up? 
Ok I'll probably get downvoted to hell but *unless you're going to off road it* I'd keep it mostly stock as far as tires, suspension. 

Many people go with giant tires and big lift for nothing more than looks. 
X-Men can do whatever they want.
Now everything is *literally*-something. 
I have to send a stool sample
Oh! The arsonist in the movie 'Bad Boys'. (The 1983 one starring Sean Penn)
Dropping the keys to the getaway car is just asking to get caught.
I do know that to do certain things on the diesel in the company Ford F-350 they have to remove the whole passenger cab. I've seen pictures. 
Wow that's a nicely restored Pony! 
Welder/Fabricator here. It's probably (I'm guessing) similar to welding in that the wage varies wildly especially for a newby.
For example?
This was my reasoning when I was 18! LMAO
Since everything was covered already I'll add putting an old phone somewhere  in the car. Usually old phones can still dial out to emergency numbers even if they're not subscribed to a service
I had a cat for years (named her Matty Hayes), she was indifferent towards me.  Its worth noting I did treat her well throughout her life. 
Now *that* was a desk pop.
Best detective on the force
Brush your teeth.

Why?

Because food particles in your mouth can cause tooth decay ..yada yada


(The following night)

Brush your teeth.

Why?

Because I *said* so. That's why. 
Take a selfie. Then later show us how you took a selfie. Then show us how you took *that* picture. Then..
Ok it's not GoFundMe but a girl on my FB was asking for money for a tattoo. 

I felt like saying "Ok, I choose the tattoo"
This implies that you've opened at least three. :o 
From Santa Clara to San Leandro CA
Great resource. Thanks
"I know"
And she replied: "Perhaps you need the requisite time to come to this conclusion yourself"
Poison Oak?? That's my favorite!
Black Sabbath Vol 4
Or *have* you?
An old meowser
Looks like it's unlikely .

http://www.popsci.com/science/article/2012-05/fyi-can-drinking-moonshine-really-make-me-go-blind
Can't that make you blind? 
I used to peruse my old Palm Pre until it stopped working about 2 years ago. 
Comma
On my way to Cash for GOLD now!
I don't get it
I live in the Bay Area and my hobby is photography. I'm usually a pretty good distance from home after a day of shooting. So I'll edit my shots at a cafe and upload. 
I'll be feeling this when I talk to my ex about a certain subject. 
Wow. Lots of great info on that site. Thanks
I forget
We did it, humans!
I'm 5'5" 250lb and this made me cry
Curling! That's it..
That Olympic game where one person flings a weight thingy and others sweep madly out in front of it with little brooms.
::canned laughter::
Well. He may have to 'Heal thyself'
AMA
Fucking *literally*
That and I think to myself : "I work hard to stay in this cozy shelter"
You were programmed to think that
OhOh! Pretty Woman!
OMG you sexually harassed me! 
It's called *Karmadynamic*
Nothing: I'd rather everyone I love dies in an instant rather than suffer and slowly die in a post-apocalyptic, body-riddled nightmare of a planet.  
When we were kids my lil brother told me that milk was about 70% cow sperm. I believed that for a while. 
Huge fire? Pull every fire alarm possible!  ..Oh, wait.
I've "trained" my brain not to let small shit bother me. Traffic used to bother me a lot. Also be *grateful* for what you have, even if its not much (as in my case). 

Be grateful every day.
I'm the trustee. I wrote an email to their 'social' Dept. And they advised me to try and resolve this at a nearby branch. At that time I'll attempt to talk to their law Dept myself. (As suggested here). Failing that I'll try this. 

Thanks much
Thanks. I can't pay for one at this time.
Thanks. Wouldn't I need access to accounts to switch banks? My dad is incapacitated and unable to sign anything.
Would it matter if he filled out his part differently? He filled out (not the signature) *without* the 'Jr'.  Then the notary filled out her part identifying him as 'Jr' and his ID says 'Jr'.

-Thanks
No I haven't spoken with their legal dpt directly, I will today. I was speaking to the bank manager who was on the phone with their legal dpt. 

I'll update my post with my location .

-Thanks
Weeping..Oh, wait.
Case closed. We did it, Reddit!
That's it, I'm *done* with internet for the day.
"Are they *all* going to unload their wads onto her face?"
Should I know who Jan-Michael Vincent is?
I usually say "Nobody *always* or *nevers*" 

Doesn't work, I just like saying that. 
Add "Wanker" and yes.
Quick! Someone draw tents and porpoises
LPT
I'd put money on it
*"What did you do to it? It's never been the same since and now it's broken again"*
*"What did you do to it? It's never been the same since and now it's broken again"*
HOW ABOUT YOU GET A FUCKIN CAR YOURSELF
Oh, Nickelback! Yess
I never thought of this and it is the saddest thing I've read in a long time.
Commenting so I can reference this later
She hangs out with her ex and even goes on weekend getaways with him.

Yeah,no.
Livin it up at the Hotel Reddit..er..ornia
Last night I wanted to write to/change files on an external NTFS drive mounted to my freshly installed little Raspberry Pi running Debian Jessie. I did a search to figure out how to accomplish this.

Not gonna happen. (I'm sure it's possible, not worth the trouble for me)
My [Best Facebook April Fools prank](http://i.imgur.com/GZyAE3T.jpg) , a few fell for it.
[spills milk] :: yawn::
Fixed (I think)
[Say hi to mom, from JAIL](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=biHJ6S91xBY)
You mean *friend* ?
It's turtles all the way down...or it used to be.
There's your problem right there. -carpenter
And they got a chance to check out the view
I was a dopey kid. 

This 15 year old girl invited me into the tall grass to have sex, I noped the fuck out. 

Note: I was ***the same age*** as her. 

I was a dopey kid.
Is OP encouraging people to *chase waterfalls* ?!
Sunbathing at the nude beach. Seriously.
No it wont 
"Haha I hacked your FB. Don't leave your computer open! lololol "
Very cool
There's always a cat-turd-one-upper in these threads 
I'm going to get the newspaper the newspaper
I know someone who went to San Quentin on a bus. He took a step off the bus, took one look at the prison, and passed out hitting his head *hard* on the pavement. 
Don't visit r/snapinthecrotchbodysuit then
No. Wake the fuck up at the *first* alarm. I had a room mate (working in remote Alaska) who'd set multiple alarms, the first one was set to go off 45 min before we had to be up. He'd hit snooze for *45 fucking minutes*. 

I put a stop to that retarded shit real fast. 

Why wake me up 45 min early *for nothing*
..popcorn time?

I still have no idea what 'DAE' is. 
You and your kiss-ass chorus following you around going "The Fields Medal, The Fields Medal!"
Starting my drinking 'career'. I remember my father telling a 15 yr old  me *"Don't start drinking now, you'll have plenty of time for that later"*

I started boozing at 16 and didn't stop until 2008. (38) 

Rough times
Hold the chicken. 

"You want me to hold the chicken?" 

I want you to hold it between your knees
She wanted to cork you
Look down or otherwise distracted as you keep your line of direction (as though you don't see them). Works for me every time.
You never watched the *"not that there's anything wrong with that"* episode of Seinfeld?
Wait. Didn't HIV transfer from monkey to human in Africa? The dude was so ugly he humped a monkey. So there's *that*
Who gave you the shiner? 

"Nobody *gave* me the shiner , son, I *earned* it"
I have a 600lb welding machine, tools, materials I load into my truck.
Where do I find one?
She can't close the cabinet doors or drawers in the kitchen. I'll walk in and three doors and two drawers will be open.
Twist: You married the guy
I hit a nerve! lol Pointing out how much bigger Alaska is always angers Texans.  :: stubs out cigar:: LMAO
Also a cute little state (Alaskan here)
Go oon
Just throw the kids at it.
🔪
What do you think all the Pepsi and milk is for? 
I'll ask my 38 yr old GF who's had a stellar software career and had been saving for decades. (In stark contrast to how I've managed my meager wages) edit: oops, missed the 50+ part
Great info. Thanks 
Wait I thought Harleys were good. ::shrug:: (I'd never buy one tho)
What's that say?
I was a Windows user till last year when these updates started breaking the drivers for the touchpad and other issues I've blocked out of my memory. Yes I know there's supposedly a way to stop updates for drivers, but that works only the first time. 

Now that computer sits in a closet gathering dust and I had to drink the Mac Kool aid. 
Having driven to Tahoe from the Bay Area , after seeing the shots I want to take the train someday soon.
Or Alaska 
A dick in the chicken makes it finger licken 

I saw that scrawled on the bathroom wall along with a very good illustration of a guy fucking a chicken
Disrepair
Yes, this. I used to stress real bad when the boss pushed me to finish projects asap (to the point where I'd make mistakes). Then I started to tell myself "I can't really go any faster so I'll do my best, the best way I know how" And just focused on my task. 

I dont stress too bad anymore. 
He'll admit to (op)
What if they *spared no expense* ?
When we were 18 there was one old gal in her 40s who'd always be present at our underage-drinking parties. The high school girls thought she was cool cuz she had a nice Jeep so they'd hang out and cruise with her. At the time I my 18 yr old brain thought she was cool too. Looking back I realize she was pathetic and creepy. 
This looks like the precedent set by the [Korn/Ferry Research firm case](http://motherboard.vice.com/read/password-sharing-is-a-federal-crime) , not Facebook.
$20
Now I'm worried :(
UPS guy delivered.
They had lowriders back then?!
You've got bad observation skills. 
I saw Morello and his new group last summer playing all the RATM oldies. Not as good as Zack but good show nonetheless.
That's a small down payment around here. 
He's got Tom on MySpace
Did you wake up and apologize?
You can match the typewriter with the letter. Didnt you watch CSI?
Fuck me..
Holy crow that iguana was in the wrong neighborhood
Sounds positively trashy, I'd like to see it.
Dad had inside info on that one.
Eh?
Thanks. I'm seriously considering this now. Funny how a post entitled  *"Can we discuss how bad Android tablets are?"* spurred me to buy an Android tablet.  
Maybe I missed it but when I google it theres no expandable micro SD slot on the Nook. (The Kindle does)
Ayy fellow Brooklynite. Ayy yoo,who says I gotta mudda? 
I still don't understand why the Cutlass is blue.
Maybe you have [hysteria](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Female_hysteria) (Scroll to the 'nineteenth century' part)
His mind was on Agnes because *he* was on Agnes the night before. 
Or just google your ass and stick the cords in it.
PABTBAAS for short
This. As someone with a high sex drive (and visits clothing optional retreats) its easy to stay flaccid in front of hot women when there's also old dudes around. And I think there's  psychological elements at play as well, but that's just a guess. (Beyond the old dudes present)
If this is true then he's in good company. 
My grandparents used to eat 'stink eggs'. Fish eggs that are fermented in a jar for months then eaten raw.
That's how hookers get money for diamonds
I'll drink De Beers to that
In my years of drinking I was only able to taper *once*.  
And what's with the arm bruise? Elder abuse?
Op plz
I've seen tricks just like this IRL 
Did they tear down all the sculptures at the bulb?
I feel the same so I'd probably say 'my youth'. Those days seem magical now that I'm 46
I need my safe space.
>Yet no pictures? Evidence, proof? Anything besides someone's claim?
> Yet no pictures? Evidence, proof? Anything besides someone's claim?


I found an awesome GF on OKC. It took a while and went on tons of shitty dates tho. Oh and one date took one look at me and turned and walked out. My point? Be prepared for many rejections. 
She might have toe/foot-dick/balls disease
Didn't she make a video addressing this? Something about her sounding like a pirate? "N'arrrr" 
What a saga
A similar site called 'Digg' was once bigger than Reddit and held more influence. That's right, kids, true story.
Aw crap ;(
'Sipping' isn't actually 'drinking' alcohol.
Maybe it varies by make, but it's easy to get out of a stalled elevator. Maybe you're between floors and maybe you're afraid the elevator will start to move when you're halfway out. But I've done it, it's doable. 
Thanks
What's 'OP3'?

Yeah fuck *that*
>..abated through proper nutrition.

So, see a nutritionist?
No
Phuc
Yeah.. I wonder. **REDDIT**
Peewee?
Nope
"Horny housewives looking for cock". [click]
"The Hand That Wipes"
Close your eyes
"I'm just being *honest*"
I went to Diggnation in San Francisco. Those were the days. 
Digg turned to shit. I was part of the Digg invasion. 
I told my rude cousin "I'm sterile". She STFU & never asked again after that.
What's your emergency?

HAHAHAHA!
CANADA
OK : Punched by a young Mike Tyson or shot by a cross-eyed guy?

(Tyson's punch may kill you and the shooter may hit you in the foot)
I imagine very few people would do that. 
Around here phone boothzz are few and far between.
I also keep a small signal mirror. 
I met my GF of nearly two years on OKC. But now we're separating.

Back to OKC.

So you're right. 
I've never heard that 'conspracy' before. Usually just radio wave type conspiracies.
Notice how they abandoned their 'Homeboy' once the going got tough. LMAO
Kinda like summoning a stranger via phone then getting in their car (taxi) Like back in the day.
Thanks! 
Yep. 4/10s is great. Less commute and fricken *three days off*.  Oh, btw we have the *choice* of working Fri,sat, sun  for overtime pay. (When the weld shop is busy)
It's aluminum, thanks. 
2002 5.4L F-250

I'm *not* referring to the throttle body. I'm referring to what the throttle body directly bolts to. I scoured the internet and the shop manual and all I get is *'upper intake'* . Oh and is it cast iron or aluminum?
Thanks
I just realized why my gf of 1.5 yrs and I have to break up. We cannot have even the slightest disagreement about *anything*.
The shows intro still rocks! OK, 'Discos' but I still like it. 
>Free chocolate for life at that point

Even if you only got away with the first time. 
Doesn't work on mobile
HIS NAME WAS ROBERT PAULSON
I came to say what OP said and now I have a good starting point to start saving. Thanks
Into my Amazon wish list. 
Oh yeah. I know someone like that. Just cannot stay out of jail. He has bad impulse control. 

(After too many beers):*"Hey I'm just going to jump on my ATV and drive to town on a road where it's illegal to drive my ATV"*

[Gets pulled over and slapped with DWI]
Lenovo makes an asap model?
Stay that way!
Prolly a sociopath. 

>Sometimes things just need to turn over in your head.

OMG! They call it 'Apple turnover' cause they fold the dough over itself creating a 'pocket' of sorts! 
Nice truck shitty picture
I was in a small Alaska fishing town with my dad and was hanging out on the boat . Other deckhands were working around the boat. One deckhand was working on something down low on deck so he was on his knees. He reaches for something just out of reach but was at my feet. I just stood there and watched him struggle. 

After he was finished he looked at me and said "If you see a man that needs help, help him out"

Simple words but they stuck with me cuz I had an example happen right in front of me.
Don't give me that juris-my-diction crap
brb making shorts
Are you suggesting he go shoot someone in the *face*??
*Exorcising* for that matter. :o
I have unlimited data
Actually some people dont