As an ex defender, in a real game I learned to watch the eyes since they usually told me their true intentions. However, for street stuff like this it’s however you wanna try. It’s like hustling in three cars monte. You’re probably gonna lose unless you are also a hustler 
I really hope Shaheen does well. The dude is an athletic freak, just need to get him the ball and test him out. 
Yeah Raleigh is a great central area. I’ve lived there for the last 8 years. Love getting out to Carolina Beach or Wrightsville a few times a year for sheeting and hanging out with friends. 
I have a buddy who has a house right there. He has an 07 JKU and a season pass so we try to get out there a few times a year. I’ve camped out there but with his house so close we usually sleep there and leave the Jeeps if we’re too drunk to drive back. 
I could only imagine. I’m only a 2 hour drive from Carolina Beach and it’s rough in my TJ. So much fun out there though. I remember going out there years back in my WK2 and it was fun because I just had all season tires but she made it through. Almost feels too easy in the TJ with big AT tires
Carolina Beach?
Aerodynamics. Tucks the tire behind the seat tube for more aerodynamic airflow. Most aero road and tri bikes are like this. 
My future mother in law just came back from visiting her family in Quebec and came back to NC. It’s been in the 70s+ this week here and she was telling us about the sleet they had up there. Crazy winter this year for sure. 
Thanks for the detailed reply. I’m by no means a stellar cyclist but my bike splits have been getting much better over the years from just simple heart rate training and I feel power meters would be the next jump. I thought I’d try to go cheap with my tri bike build and got a single sided Stages crank arm power meter but I’ve had nothing but problems with it. The battery life is awful and whether it’s my Garmin 500 or 735xt the incoming data is very spotty. I’ll be at a constant power and I’ll see it jump from 200 watts down to 45 watts for 10 seconds and then jump back up. I just accepted it was a failed attempt with them. 
How do you like them? I want to switch to power pedals but I’ve read mixed reviews about the Vectors. I just want to be able to get power on both my road and tri bike and the cranks on my tri bike won’t work with my road bike. 
That’s about what this guy’s bike looks like except his is a road frame. He also has a tri bike that I haven’t seen yet but I imagine it is just as glorious 
There’s a guy that does group rides with us who is just over 7’. I was blown away by how massive his bike was. I’m 5’11” but ride a 52/54 because of my stumpy legs so even people not much taller than me look like they’re riding clown bikes. 
“Calling out” might have been harsh honestly. It’s more a case of one of us was in the position to pay for things more conveniently a few times in a row so it was thenothers turn when it came around. 
Exactly. He’s still a good friend of mine but I just know not to split things with him. Funny you bring up the contracts because his dad is a lawyer and owns a bunch of property which is why I think he has that mindset since his dad is the same way. Super nice people, just sticklers over the small things. Like you said, life’s too short. 
Yeah I have one friend who is a stickler for getting the exact amount any time we split things. It’s to the point I don’t even bother with him and if anything I’ve probably overpaid him over the years. if it was $20.50 he’ll complain when I hand him a $20 but if it were $19.50 I’ll still just give him a $20 because it’s simpler. I’m not gonna lose sleep over $0.50. Luckily Venmo has made life a bit easier for that nowadays. 
My roommate and I lived together through all 4 years of college and then another 6 after graduation. We never kept track of who bought what but we assumed it was fairly even but we would pay back in things like meals or movie tickets. I remember one time he owed me ~$100 for concert tickets and I needed new shoes so he just bought those for me. Every now and then we would call each other out if it got a little one sided and we would just buy the next few cases of beer or trips to cookout/bojangles and call it even. 
If they did this I may actually use an Eeveelution for the first time since gold/silver with Umbreon. Nothing against them but just always preferred a different Pokémon of the type 
Well, outskirts of Atlanta. Gotta go that fast just to get to the city faster so your 20 mile drive only takes 2 hours instead of 2.5 hours. I have to go to all parts around Atlanta for work coming from the Carolinas and I intentionally take longer routes just so I can keep moving at a reasonable pace. May take a bit longer on average but at least it’s a bit more predictable 
No problem. My vision seemed to stabilized back in 2011 so I think next winter I’m going to try to make the plunge for lasik. As nice as these contacts have been, nothing beats just waking up with perfect vision and not having to deal with it. And trust me, as a current fatty, you don’t have to be too badass to do triathlons lol. 
Definitely ask about them. It was really the only option for me. I do triathlons so I would’ve needed prescription goggles, sunglasses, and probably a pair of clear sports glasses for overcast days. In the end those cost more than the fitting and first pair of hard lenses. Another nice thing about them is during your yearly checkup, if your vision is still the same you just keep using the same ones so no more yearly supply. I’m coming up on two years with my first pair and I’ll probably get a new pair this year because I think they may just be getting a little worn down. They’re not as comfortable at night as they used to be. 
Not sure if they would work for you but I use these Paragon CRT contacts. They’re hard contacts that I wear while I sleep that correct my corneas and then take them out in the morning. I see perfect all day but don’t have to have anything in my eyes during the day. They’ve been a godsend for me until I can spring for lasik since I was cycling and swimming so much that my eyes were getting fucked. I’ll admit, they’re not cheap but they cost about the same as a years work if soft lenses after the initial fitting. 
Think it’s finally here in NC as well. Just need to sell my hard top since I don’t really have the space to store it anymore. 
Ranger would be my guess 
Ranger would be my guess
Did you just switch to glasses? Get lasik? I don’t wear contacts during the day anymore but I never had a problem during skiing thanks to goggles 
I hear ya. My TJ is just my weekend car since I have a company van. I sold my GTI when I got the van to save some money but having the van as my only vehicle was kinda boring. When I get a new job I definitely want something fast but still need space for the dogs so charger looks good to me 
Thank you for this. I could not remember the name of this show for the life of me but I used to watch it all the time. I know what I’m watching today. 
Same, but I do have a red DBrand skin on my X so close enough for the time being. 
I’m a Bears fan and my fiancé is a Packers fan. I was born in 89 and her in 92 so obviously the grass has been greener on her side for much of our lives. She asked me after we lost to y’all with Hundley at QB “have the Bears ever been better than the Packers?”. I’m like “you realize y’all just now took the lead in the overall record between the two teams? We had to be good at some point it’s just never been in our lifetime”. At this point I’m just hoping for a winning season from the Bears. 
I’m a die hard Bears fan and Walter Payton is my hero but I always say the only running back I consider better than him was Barry Sanders. Payton was amazing on the field but what Sanders did was just absolutely unbelievable. 
Lol. If I had enough money for both I would have either a much more expensive car or I’d be rich enough to get all the cars I want. And that list is way too long 
Oh fuck you. That’s literally the combo I want. Either the RS or a Charger SRT 392 to go along with my TJ. Haven’t decided yet. 
You might be the first person I’ve ever heard say that lol. 
Thanks, I’ll give it a shot. FaceTime may not be that great but it definitely looks better than hangouts in terms of image and audio quality but that’s my only reference since we’ve been too lazy to try anything else. 
I had to stop halfway through. I would love a multi user FaceTime. I video chat with some friends who have moved away weekly and we’ve been using Hangouts for years but FaceTime is just so much crisper when there’s just two of us. And of course I’ve wanted dark mode since leaving Android 
Yep, and Pikachu used his tail as a ground against Raichu’s thunderbolt to avoid it. Then it was agility and quick attack to finish I’m off. One of my favorite episodes. 
PC load letter? The fuck does that mean?
Ah, yeah and you’re not far from the mountains so that makes a bit of difference too. 
Whereabouts are you? We had a couple weeks in the 20s in December in Raleigh but I got lucky and was in FL for work for part of that. 
It does but mine is a secondary vehicle so I’m not in it much. And honestly I can’t tell much of a difference in cabin temperature between my hard and soft top. Granted I stripped the carpet, rhino lined the interior, and have all the plugs out. But cold for us is like 30 so it’s relative. 
Same here in NC. Can’t wait for the soft top to be back on. I’m probably going to sell the hard top this summer. 
I’m on an X now but came from a 6s+. I tried using the brother in law’s SE a couple weeks ago while drunk. I gave up trying to type on it. I actually found GBoard easier to type on it with while swiping one handed 
I appreciate you taking the hit with the first confession because I honestly thought the same thing. I never have a reason to watch the Browns and really only watch ACC football. 
It is there but I think they just converted on 4th down. I don’t remember the game as well as that immaculate hit 
I mean, yeah the Broncos don’t look good right now but at least they have won a SB in recent history. Unlike my team. 
Technically, yes, it’s the start of spring but NC is funky. We don’t usually have spring and fall for very long. It’s usually a couple of weeks in the 40s-50s and then a sudden jump to 80+ and we never look back until November. 
I may be biased because I don’t use FB much other than keeping in touch with old friends but I really don’t they’re that similar. I honestly had never heard of Equifax until this post. The reason I choose to use credit cards over my checking account is the rewards program. My personal credit card is an Amazon rewards card and I gain a fuck ton of points for specific purchases. Due to this, I am getting a nice new 65” 4K TV for free in a few weeks due to the points I’ve accumulated over a couple years. And this is not pertinent to all but I travel a lot for work and I get the rewards points from of my company credit card so when I get married later this year my honeymoon is basically paid for from points. I pay my personal card off every month and obviously my company compensates me for my work card but this is where a credit card can be beneficial to you. Just need to find a card that benefits you and your lifestyle. 
As a resident of NC, this is supposed to be the start of summer for us and yet we got snow today. Unless you’re gonna drop 12” on us so I can finally take my Wrangler out for a joy ride, bring on the 75+ degree weather. I’ve given up on skiing this year anywhere
Ok, the only thing I disagree with this is using credit cards (to a point). If you can pay your credit card bill off every month (easily) then I don’t see any reason why not to use one. 
I have not had a Machamp since Gen 1. I don’t have people to trade with nowadays since none of my friends play (and idk how the online part works yet) but I would love to build a team of the Pokémon only available from trading. May not be the most balanced team but they would e fun to use. 
I was born in 89. I just want one fucking Super Bowl win before I die. I’ve lived in NC since I was 10 so the Panthers are a #2 option but my life would be complete if the Bears win a Super Bowl. 
Not to mention most ice types could learn good water type moves to deal with rock and fire types. Fighting types were the only “advantage” but as you said, their moves were mediocre at best. And who was the best Gen 1 fighting type? Machamp? One that most never got due to lack of friends (or Gameshark) 
Nidoking will always be one of my favorite Pokémon of all time just for looks but yeah the moves he can learn are awesome. I never actually used Muk until Sun but it was because I had recently fallen in love with poison Pokémon due to Crobat (Soul Silver) and Swalot (Omega Ruby) on my recent replays 
Do you trim it off 1mm at a time very carefully like me? Takes me forever lol
I had a hot wheels Jeepster when I was a kid that looked much like the one here. Was one of my favorites. 
Some people made a living off of doing just that (folks from Jackass). 
I think the DSG makes a difference. At 75mph in 6th gear I was around 3100 rpm. I’ve noticed automatics tend to rev lower at highway speeds although I’d think they would be geared the same regardless of auto or manual. 
In all honesty the GTI doesn’t get the best gas mileage either. They spec 25/33 but that’s best case scenario and it’s strongly recommended to use premium so that cuts into the gas savings. I’d say on average when I had mine I got 25-26mpg and maybe 31 on highways that were 55 speed limit. I did have a manual though so that may have impacted it. 
I didn’t realize it was going to be based off of the Ranger. That kinda disappoints me even though I’m super pumped for the new Ranger (especially the Raptor variant). The most recent bronco was based on the F-150 and succeeded by the Expedition so I figured it would be similar. Oh well, here’s to hoping it’s not priced way out of my budget like the Jeep Scrambler will be. 
Nah man, that damages too much of the flesh. Gotta use a .22 to the dome. I learned that on a very scientific show called “Swamp People”
Doesn’t help me none though
That’s what my parents did for me and my sister. When we were each born they started a college fund and just kept adding to it over the years. The deal was they would cover 4 years and if I wanted to stay there over the summer (college was 3 hours from home) then I was on my own. I finished after 4 years but my sister decided to go to PA school so she had to take some loans but they helped her with rent and stuff. My dad had to live in some dumps and was all on his own for school so he wanted us to have it better than him. I am incredibly grateful for everything they did for me and I will do the same for my kids. 
Can’t comment on the lift but the tires look like BFG KO2s
Is it for any music player? I can say I've never seen this on my X but I use Spotify and Podcasts mostly for audio. 
I love my 10.5" pro and use it every day for work but I will admit that I have a X and have fallen in love with Face ID. I pull up my iPad sometimes expecting FaceID only to remmeber I have to use my finger. In the end, yeah I wish I had FaceID on my iPad but either way the 10.5" pro is a beast and I don't plan to replace it any time soon. I also wonder if I would even like FaceID on an iPad but I think I'll find out in a couple years when I upgrade my pro
It's been a while for me as well but at least for my old GS4 I had to root for Xposed because I couldn't unlock the bootloader on the variant I had. Luckily more OEMs are making it easier to unlock the bootloader so root isn't as necessary anymore. 
That’s pretty much what I do. Just put it he harness on the dogs and tie the leash around the roll bar. They can’t get far enough to jump out the sides or back and don’t bother trying to get in the front seat 
He was my first thought too but I just got done watching “Sons of Anarchy” and “Pacific Rim” so he was fresh in my head. It’s not easy to pull off the blonde beard but man it looks good if you can. 
Yeah but are they “free range” paprikas? /s
I think she’s gonna be ok here. They have a thin candy shell. Surprised you didn’t know that 
Interesting, I would have never thought to do that. I’ll look into it. Thanks. 
I know a few areas but the problem is the size of the group. Would ideally like to get everyone involved but there will likely be 10+ of us and all I have is my TJ. I am not aware of any places that rent out off road vehicles. I’m toying with the idea of heading to Carolina Adventure World in SC and just doing ATVs
October(ish) probably. At least that’s when I see the next model years start showing up at the dealerships around me
I was very surprised how capable that vehicle was when we had one. Although I’ll say that particular generation (same as what we had) was incredibly top heavy and it always felt like it wanted to roll. 
I concur. I’ve used mine for teamviewer or FaceTime for work all over LTE and Bluetooth is always on. I have an Anker 28W(I think) 2.4A output charger and it will charge up while doing all this so I say no worries. 
I’m the same. I run all the time so Touch ID failed a lot when my hands were sweaty. Face ID fixed that for me. I planned to keep my iPad Pro 10.5” for many years to come but if they come out with a new one this year with Face ID I may upgrade. 
I really don’t understand why the camera is still one of the shortcuts since you can just swipe from the right on the lock screen to access it. I would love to be able to customize them
Same. I have a second gen. Think it got dropped after iOS 4(?)
Think the reasonable price for the Nexus kinda went out the window with the 6/6P. Not as bad as the iPhone and Galaxy of the time but still not what  we expected after the 5
Fuck you, that is a beautiful bike. That wheel combo on a Felt IA is my dream setup. One of these days perhaps. 
100% agree here. I’m glad I spent the money on my road bike and learned more about bikes. I was able to piece together my race tri bike for $1600 by being patient and good research (and a bit of luck). Brand new my tri bike with the components and wheels would be over $4000 which I’d never spend since I’m not fast enough to warrant it 
It’s one of my favorite bits of his. https://youtu.be/GeblrBcI9cc 
Me too. Think the full joke was “Kicked ass at the father son picnic too. We didn’t win the blue ribbon, but we have it in our possession”. 
“We didn’t win the blue ribbon, but we have it in our possession” -Christopher Titus
“What’s a ZJ?”. “If you have to ask big man, you can’t afford it.”
JK/JL rubicon’s do. That said, I have the old school quick disconnects on my TJ. 
Thanks for the explanation. I grew up learning to ski in flatlands somewhere in IL and WI but moved to NC at 10. We have the Appalachian mountains but they just don’t compare to the Rockies. My uncle lives in Vegas so for the last 6 years we’ve planned an annual long weekend in SLC or Park City to get some real skiing done. I do feel spoiled out there 
Thanks. I’m bad enough with US geography and even worse with Canadian. I should’ve googled these places and it would’ve been obvious lol
Ah, thanks. I’m not familiar with the Canadian geography but that’s basically the conclusion I’ve come to as well. I live in the southeast and am working on a trip to Salt Lake City next month. 
Sorry, noob question. What am I missing here?
Deal breaker for me then
Thanks. Not too expensive on Quadratec
I went from the galaxy nexus to the GS4 and it took a while to get used to the position. This was back in my rooting days so I immediately found a way to add software keys and dimmed the capacitive lights and rocked it that way for a while. Eventually an update screwed that up and I was too lazy to find another solution. 
Eagles. Good friend is a huge eagles fan so I’ll have someone to root for. I’m not a Pats fan but am a huge Belichick fan so doesn’t really matter to me. 
Mines not rusted but it looked like the previous owner played quarters all over the hood. Not noticeable from a distance but I still haven’t decided what to do with it. 
Not OP but my buddy has a 14 Overland and he drives a boat load for work (90k+ miles now) and he’s had zero problems. He doesn’t do any off-roading or anything other than the beach but it’s been good with regular maintenance. He always gets rid of his vehicles before 100k miles and he is already looking at a new one. I had an 11 and the only thing I would miss is not being able to open up the back glass separate from the tailgate but minor inconvenience 
God that was awesome. I had forgotten about that 
Yeah unfortunately I didn’t see that one for the 10.5” pro. 
Good to know. I have a back cover that matches the Smart Keyboard color perfectly but for work I really miss not being able to easily carry around my pencil. This is exactly what I needed. 
Awesome. Thank you. 
You have a link? I can’t seem to find it. All the ones I found cover the smart connector. 
I’ll pay $24
This is why a lot of people give up on beards thinking they can’t grow one. Mine looks mediocre at best after a month but give it 2 months it’s filled in and then it doesn’t matter if I shape it or let it keep going. 
I gave up after the air impact couldn’t break them free. I had to drill and re-tap 6 different bolts on the door hinges and the mirror mounting bracket. 
True. The 3.6L is pretty good though. Never had any problems with it in my grand Cherokee or caravan. 
Nah, keep your accent away from us. Jk, I have to go to Athol once a year for work and I get hell for my accent every time so I like to throw it back whenever I can. You’ve picked a great area. Those are definitely the more “upscale” areas of the Raleigh area so it’ll be a bit more expensive than Raleigh or Durham but still not bad. Just shop around and you’ll find something good. Idk what the average salary in Boston is but if it’s anything like a lot of New England I would think you’ll be just fine. Good size 3bd/2.5ba go for ~$200-$300k depending on the area and rent can be anywhere from $1200-$2000/month also depending on the area. I’d say the only place I would avoid is southeast Raleigh. There are some very tempting nice houses for very cheap but the area is a bit sketchy and it’ll be at least a few more years before it is more developed. Durham has come a long way even since 2011 when I moved back to Raleigh from Charlotte. It used to be a sketchy area in many parts but most parts have improved a lot and you can get some good houses for cheaper than you would find in Cary or Apex. I could go on for a long time so if you have any questions about the area feel free to PM me. 

Side note: if you like running/cycling then Cary is awesome. Lots of greenways for running and everything is either 2 lane or has a bike lane. Cary is kind of the gold standard for roadway design because they’re so strict about what they want. My civil engineer friends say for any proposal they start with Cary standards and cut things out according to the customers pricing. 
As an NC resident, it is a great place to live. My family moved to Clayton (southeast of Raleigh) from IL back in 2000 and I’ve loved it ever since. I now travel the southeast for work so I’ve got to see most of the major and many small towns of the region. Through all my travels I’ve concluded that (for me) I would only leave the Carolinas for one city, and that is Chattanooga. I like Asheville to visit but it’s a bit pricey for my blood but could see myself in some place like Boone. The TN mountains seem to be a bit cheaper and you get the added bonus of no income tax. But bring it on in to NC, we welcome all. 
I’ll say that’s one thing my parents say they miss about living in IL. We had a larger house for quite a bit cheaper. NC isn’t too bad though. Was paying $1750 for a similar size 3bd/3ba and we were overpaying because we were in Cary (ritzy part of the triangle) so we could’ve gotten much cheaper if we moved 10 miles away. 
Yeah it’s a bit of a struggle even for me to get in my TJ when wearing jeans let alone my fiancé when she wears a dress. I really need to get those new steps on lol. 
Yeah I’m liking it so far. I was like you, figured I’d do 2” when I was looking for a stock TJ and assumed that is what this was when I saw it. My buddy has a 4Runner with a 3” lift and it wasn’t nearly as drastic as I expected when he installed it. The larger tires seem to fill in the gaps a bit so I’m sure that helps. 
[side view](https://i.imgur.com/pw78zI1.jpg) before I took the steps and bumpers off. [Current look](https://i.imgur.com/uZGkAeW.jpg) but more from the front. 3.5” is an estimate from some measurements I took compared to a stock height but I figured it’s around there since it was installed by the previous owner. 
I did the same in my wrangler. I have a 3.5” lift with 33s and I took the stock side steps off and haven’t had a chance to put the new ones on yet. The first few times getting out I stepped where the step used to be and about busted ass getting out. Luckily even with my balance of a baby giraffe I somehow saved it
Yep. Semi related, my grandmother is a leftie but she was taught at a very young age to do everything right handed and because of it she can write, sew, and do just about everything just as well with her right hand as her left. She’s shown off by writing with both hands at the same time. Granted they have to be the same words but still far better than I can do. 
For BBQ you need to spend more time in the Carolinas and TN. We take that shit seriously down here and over a short distance you’ll find 5 different styles. I’m partial to the eastern NC style but love the SC and Memphis BBQ. Looks like you’ll hit Memphis on that route so you absolutely have to find a way to get to Rendezvous in downtown. You can get all your ribs, brisket, and BBQ there. 
Same here. And now that it’s cold and I wear my gloves I don’t have to worry about taking my hand out. I even tried it with my ski goggles and it worked “fairly” well depending on the angle. Plus I like it when I’m running and my fingers are sweaty where my 6s+ would fail every time. So far very happy. Not sure if I’d even want to go back even for an imbedded finger scanner. 
Man I was in Nashville when the “snow” hit last week. Didn’t make it back in time to play in it. Hopefully there will be another one. But only for like a day. Can only deal with the cold for so long haha
> We are always sad, except when we're eating, or when we're drunk.

That statement is contradicting lol. 
Look like Nitto Trail Grapplers. Someone will correct me if I’m wrong 
Yeah and of course here in the south beer delivery is not allowed. Apparently we abused that too much back in the prohibition days lol 
I’ll bring the pony keg. Too weak to carry a full keg anymore 
God I had never been to PA until recently but I was so confused trying to get beer (from NC). I walked into the gas station, looked around, asked the worker where the beer was, and they looked at me like I was crazy. They told me I had to go to a distributor which was not close and I didn’t rent a car since my coworker was driving me around. I just went to the hotel and grabbed 6 from the cooler. My coworker told me I could get a case or whatever from the local bars but I never ended up trying. Interesting experience lol. 
Nice. I knew it was possible but I never really looked into it. Plus I’m too cheap to put something like that in a vehicle that isn’t my DD
Only reason I put the hard top back on is because I needed the space in the garage for a bunch of my crap until my fiancé and I move into a house in April. So far nothing has been cold enough to justify the hard top 
Do that too but it burns a bit more. Splash of OJ helps out though 
Not sure about other places but in the US where I live a case is 24 and then there’s 12 and 6 packs. Also an 18 pack aka a bitch case. 
God I miss remote start inhad in my grand Cherokee. My TJ is a manual so remote start would be tricky. 
Pretty much convinced me I can sell my hard top next year. I’ll never see temperatures that cold here in NC so if you can survive I think I can lol
Does it have to be two 12 packs or can I just bring a case? How many sides on the dice?
Yep. I have had at least 10 of their products from cables, chargers, keyboard cases, etc. only had one that was problematic. I emailed them and they sent me instructions on how to return it. Unfortunately I was out of town when I realized it so I couldn’t ship it until I got home but by the time I got home a replacement was already there and then I sent back the defective one. Great company in my experience 
Basically the same concept. Just allows air behind the fluid to push it down faster like when shotgunning with a can. 
I’ve been trying with beer for 10 years and still haven’t figured it out. Maybe I should change my training plan....
Eh, I’ll probably get shit on for this but this is not always the case. I’ll admit that I’ve transitioned to more of an endurance athlete over the last few years so this has some impact on my response. Every workout whether it’s lifting, cardio, or wtf you do should have a warm up. Sometimes you can feel during the warm up that it’s not gonna be a good workout, sometimes you realize it 20 minutes into the workout. If you can tell it’s not going to be a “good” workout it may be worth scrapping the workout, rest and go again tomorrow. Sometimes you just don’t have it in you that day so why risk possible injury over “skipping” a day? Gotta know when to rest vs go hard. Goes against the the “no pain no gain” method but it’s true
Yeah I was too. Wish they could do something like the 4Runner with the roll down rear window but I’m sure there’s some potent crap on that. I have my bike rack on during most the summer so lifting the entire tailgate isn’t really an option unless I take my bikes off.  
It was nice here in NC until the last few days. Was 14 this morning when I took the dog out. I don’t like it
I miss my 11 Laredo. The 11-13 years were the last ones where the back glass could open separately that I know of. Miss that feature so much
Because as much as people wanna give him shit he is the best QB the Bears have ever had (on paper). Not that there is much competition other than Sid Luckman and Jim McMahon, both of which played in eras when the Bears were dominant whereas Cutler rarely had a full supporting cast to work with. 
You can bring your own airplane bottles through security with you. They just have to be able to be contained in a quart size bag. My record is 13 in one bag. You’re not supposed to drink them in the airport or while on the plane but as long as you don’t draw attention to yourself you should be fine. I’ve been on enough bachelor parties where someone got a bit too rowdy but we were able to contain him easily enough. 
Yeah they’re awesome but broken about as often as the McDonald’s ice cream machine 
As someone originally from southern IL who lives in the southeast now (NC), southern IL is considered the south? I mean it kinda makes sense, my grandparents are pretty redneck for living in IL their entire lives but never really thought of it that way. 

Edit: I now re-read your comment and I assume you may be referring to southern IL as northern hillbillies which would definitely be accurate 
As an NC State fan, I would love to see Chubb on the Bears. That said, I agree that he is likely a top 5 so all the planets will have to align for us to get him. I will be hoping for a Bears win and some others so the Panthers can get a better seed in the playoffs. 
That’s kind of what I’m thinking. I know the front vs rear lockers debate is crazy but I agree with the front ones first. Got a 3.5” lift with 33” Nitto terra grapplers right now with plenty of tread. The only thing I think about when coming up to an obstacle now is the open diffs so yeah definitely lockers are in the future. 
I have to agree. I went to UNCC from 07-11 and we had some shit seasons those years. I remember getting lower level seats for like $35 and the stands were so empty we could move way up. We have some great fans but in the end we’re still fairly young in the league so the deep rooted history just isn’t there yet. The last few years of success have definitely helped though so hopefully we’ll become one of those teams. 
That they are. Almost done cosmetically. Next on the list is lockers but I can’t decide on getting one locker and a winch or both lockers first. 
Thanks. I’ll have to check it out. Been to Uwharrie only once and other than that it’s just been beaches and the occasional mud spinning on a cleared lot. 
I agree. I used it all the time on my 6s plus and now X and would love it on my pro 10.5. I think it makes more sense to have on iPads rather than phones. Or at least have some way to have it work with the Apple Pencil if nothing else. 
Ooh. Sexy. I’ll have to keep an eye out for you. [My work in progress](https://imgur.com/a/BQipc)
I might actually do this. I drive so much for work that this would be great. 
Oddly enough the newer/nicer UConnects are my favorite outside of Android Auto and Apple car play. That said, if I was willing to put the effort into doing something like this I would much prefer it since I have LTE on my iPad. 10.5” pro may be a tad large though. 
As a fellow Raleigh resident I feel like I have to see this in person now. 
I feel like I researched this before and I think 32” is about the largest you can get on them without significant run at full turn. I’m also fairly sure there’s no way to lift the overland or summit due to the air suspension. Don’t quote me on that though. 
I was about to snag my dads old 91 trek road bike and upgrade all the components but decided to get the AR5. I had no intentions in getting a tri bike but I saw the one I got on Craigslist for $900 (no wheels) so I had to jump on it. 
Random question as someone who loves skiing but lives in a place where we don’t get much opportunity to ski (live in NC but go to UT every year to ski for a week). Why not have a light on both poles?
I’m a Bears fan but live in NC so love my Panthers too and the bootleg is something no Bears QB has been able to do for a while. I’ve seen how well it works for Cam and now that we have an mobile QB I’m super pumped. He’s definitely not the threat that Cam is but 3rd and short is a possibility so that helps. All that said, our season is over so I’m all Panthers unless I have to root against the Bears to improve the Panthers season chances (aka I wear my Bears jersey and hope in the back of my mind it helps the Panthers)
While I was watching the Bills game on Sunday I was just looking at the snow and thinking “I love being in the southeast where it’s usually pretty warm most of the year” but then I look out the window at my Wrangler and thought “I want some snow to play in... for a day or two. And then give me my 70 degree weather back” 
I’d have to talk to my colleague about cost of this but we had a problem with our very expensive calibration grids for our machines getting “misplaced” (~$13k per grid) so he decided to place a GPS tracker on all of our grids in case they were simply misplaced or just got shipped back to the wrong location. They’re pretty small so I’m sure you could hide one very easily in the seat tube or somewhere else and many of them have apps to track them. Don’t know your budget but just a thought for your next bike as a precaution. 
It’s the only chrome pieces left on my TJ in my blackout process (other than the spare tire carrier brackets that I’m not replacing). I’ve noticed that new black pieces look out of place because my paint is kinda faded after the last 15 years. Almost just wanna replace the whole grill with something festive like a grill insert and match the headlight inserts to that or just get black ones and eventually repaint the whole damn Jeep. I like the bed line look but I don’t ever wash my Jeep unless I went off road and that style looks hard to keep looking “cleanish”
Not that I don’t appreciate the enthusiasm, I may literally shit myself if someone honked one of those at me in the dark. 
I live in Raleigh NC and was hoping for just a little snow this weekend. Even left the wrangler in the garage for a running start into the powdery goodness but nothing. I saw all my friends in Charlotte and Atlanta getting some and wished I could’ve sent it all to UT. I go to the SLC area every winter to do some skiing for a week so I need y’all to get some soon. 
Thought about doing the same with my Felt AR5 since it has the reversible seat post but I came across a great deal on Craigslist for a mint Giant Trinity Composite I couldn’t pass up. Got lucky and have the best of both worlds. Love my AR5 as a pure road bike again
I was always the same way. I made an exception when I got the 6s+ and skipped the 7(+) because I didn’t see enough of a difference but jumped onto the X. We’ll see if I can hold out another two years. Wallet would definitely appreciate it. 
And up here in NC we’re just getting cold rain. I want to play in the white fluffy stuff too. 
Yeah I’m in sales and the holiday season is crazy for us too so I get it. Because of this I try to be as helpful as I can but I honestly think it was a temporary seasonal driver who just didn’t want to get out of the truck for an apartment. The notification said they tried to deliver but it’s a small place and the dog would go nuts if someone knocked. And then when I called they said my address was wrong but when I said it to them it was the exact same as what they had on file so idk. 
There was no note left in the door. I got the text while she was sitting on the couch. I’m sure there was a slight delay in when they “attempted” and submitted the message but either way, give someone a second to come to the door from the bathroom. It’s a small apartment and our dog barks at every knock. I think it was a part time seasonal driver who just didn’t want to get out to look look through the 4 doors on the base level
You can’t possibly work for UPS since you have work ethic (sorry to UPS drivers, just venting). I was waiting for my iPhone X to arrive and my fiancé was at home the day it was supposed to be delivered. I got a text saying they tried to deliver but nobody was home and she was sitting inside all day. Basically I called UPS and raised hell to get it “re-delivered”. We ended up having to leave a note on the door to just drop it off at the front office. 
I can see that. Makes total sense. 
Sorry, guess I should’ve added the /s
Welcome to the club. Now never call it a car again
Honestly, it’s mostly just getting to the end destination in rural areas. I travel the southeast for for work and often to some very remote areas and Apple maps will get me fairly close but it will say I’ve arrived and there’s nothing there. I’ll pull up waze or google maps and turns out I’m close but a few miles away. It’s better especially for bigger cities and for finding food but when I need to be somewhere at a specific time I always rely on google maps or waze 
Not sure if you’re quoting Fired Up or not but I’m hopeful 
Good idea. I haven’t been there in years. 
It’s my favorite race of the year. Going for new PR this year <34 minutes. 
Please stop. I can only get so erect 
Unfortunately I don’t have an answer but you might have some more luck over at r/ipad since I’m sure someone else has wanted to do something similar. 
Well dang. I wish I could’ve done that day one. I have a work phone so I couldn’t verify my carrier and I woke up at 3am to try to get one. Oh well, was finally able to piggyback off a family member’s account
Yeah I changed the display settings to compact for my iPad. I actually love the way it looks on my pro 10.5”. 
Mine is pretty much the same. original delivery date was Dec 6-13 so I made sure I wasn’t traveling for work that week and now it’s getting here middle of next week. I’m stoked it’ll get here earlier than expected but I won’t be home until next Friday. Such a first world problem lol. I just wanna play with my new toy
I’ve been trying out Apollo after years of using Narwhal and I have to say I quite like it. A little different so taking some getting used to but overall I think it is a little better. I do still find myself opening up Narwhal and browsing for a while just out of habit. 
Android got to the game earlier and had better advertising. Also being open source helped get a lot of developers interested from the get go. 
Lol, I see that now that you mention it. Only difference is that I’ve come to like Louis in that show in the recent seasons so I don’t wanna punch him in the face anymore. 
I’m on the fence with Di2. I’ve ridden a tri bike with it and it is super convenient having the second set of shifters on the horns but I’m always so weary of some of the electrical stuff when the mechanical side works so well and is fixable on the go (and I’m a guy who loves the latest and greatest). Probably just being overly cautious though. I have SRAM Red all around on my Giant Trinity and it is night and day better than my 105 and the Ultegra groupset on my Dad’s Cervelo R3 seems at least better in the rear than my 105. Can’t say I feel a whole lot of difference in the front though. 
Yeah that's another thing I've heard. I really wish I could test run them for a month or something. Nice bike by the way. My AR5 is my baby. Want to upgrade it to full Ultegra at some point. 
No it does not but I have a case that matches the color of the smart keyboard and exposed the smart connectors. Really nice for only like $12. That said, I am a bit disappointed that the smart keyboard doesn't protect the back for the price you pay for it. 
Right? I found an empty lot before they started any work on a rainy day and took my TJ for about 20 minutes of donuts. Was expecting it to be caked in mud but nope, just looked like OP's. Luckily the rain washed it right off pretty quick though. 
Can't recommend Anker anything enough. Nothing but good stuff and support from them for me. I wish they had a smart connector version for my IPP 10.5 similar to the one I had for my Air 2 but I'll survive lol. I had a stand alone one at first but wanted something a little more portable and at the time I was looking I really only had the smart keyboard as an option. It's pretty good but I still miss my backlit keyboard case of my Air 2. 
You’ve obviously never seen my penis
Not sure. I don’t have my X yet so I can’t speak from personal experience yet but I will definitely do a comparison when I get it. I have “Rest Finger to Open” enabled on mine so I don’t have to press the button so by the time I raise it to wake it’s already at the home screen. 
Probably depends on what device you’re upgrading from. My buddy was coming from a 6 plus and another from a 5s and Face ID is much quicker for them. On the other hand, my 6s plus and my fiancé’s 7 plus Touch ID seems just a hair quicker. Either way it seems plenty fast for me especially with winter coming around and I’ll be wearing gloves or if my fingers are sweaty from a run so I think it’ll overall be a better option for me. December 6-13 can’t get here fast enough lol
I like my Surface Pro 3 but after having it (work issued) I think I would go another route if I had my own choice. I travel for work and use my iPad Pro more often than not because it’s just more portable and quicker to get to apps for quick notes and having LTE on it is great. The surface laptop is nice because it’s easier to actually use on your lap than the surface pro but I personally like the format of the surface book for an all around device. 
Sexy, I am so tempted to get one on cyber Monday but I just moved in with my fiancé until her lease ends in April and we already have 3 TVs set up and I’m too lazy to swap one out lol. Plus I’ve been saving up my Amazon points to hopefully just pay it all off right then and there. Guess that just means more time for saving and a bigger (better?) TV next year. 
Which they will likely stop supporting for another new one just like the last 3 attempts. I was all aboard the Hangouts hype train when it first came out thinking it would be the answer but they just can’t seem to get it right. I am hopeful because I do love Android as an OS but I’ll stick with iOS for the time being (patiently awaiting my X to be delivered). 
Thanks fro the reply. I’ve tried my friend’s O-Symetric chainrings over a 30 mile ride but it was a bit weird since we are the same height but built different. I had to lower his saddle a good 2 inches just to reach the pedals so not the best case study. I just picked up cycling/triathlon 6 years ago so not a lifetime of experience but I have gotten used to the standard rings but I’m not a super strong cyclist so I reckon I could break that habit. Although I’d be afraid of switching back and forth between my two bikes.
Nice. I guess I need to get my fat ass back out there and start exploring again. Side question, how do you like your Q rings? I know a few people who have them on my local triathlon club. I can get them for a decent price and have considered them but haven’t done much research other than the theoretical benefits. 
As others have said, 2012+ gets you the better motor but from my research the 07-11 with a manual transmission seem to be better than their automatic version. Still gonna burn more oil than the 3.6L but the lack of power isn’t as bad for the manual version. As far as reliability, the 3.6 is a solid motor. I’ve had it in my 2011 Grand Cherokee and 2016 Caravan and I use and abuse them from hauling trailers to lugging around equipment for for work. If you’re considering an older model as a secondary vehicle I would look into the TJ/LJ. They were the last generation with the 4.0L I6 which was used in almost every jeep through the late 80s until 2006. Mine has 173k on the odometer and shows no signs of slowing down. Just keep up with the regular maintenance and the engine is basically bulletproof. 
Good to know. I've been out of the Android game too long and haven't been paying as much attention as I used to. 
Depends on your definition of normal. If it's that hot while just laying on the table then I would question it. During use while charging it's definitely hot 
So I have a 6s+ and if I'm using it while charging (Waze for example) it gets pretty damn hot. Other than that it stays pretty cool and I use an Anker 29W charger. Hope that helps
Still only two years but I believe it's three years of security updates. But like the Nexus phones, there is incredible support for the pixels for custom Roms so you can be up to date for many years after official support if you're willing to put some effort into it. iOS does winning that regard where you are basically guaranteed 5 years of updates. Whether that's good or not is up for discussion since the 6 can't seem to handle iOS 11 based on my family's experience so far. 
Honestly.... iMessages, longer software support, and easier backups. I actually prefer Android OS over iOS but those factors I named are good enough to keep me on iPhone. I was big into flashing custom Roms with my Android devices but I felt like I was always tweaking something. Not to say I didn't jailbreak my iPhone but it is just a very good out of the box experience with iPhone once you accept the limitations. That and I have an iPad and wouldn't trade it for any other tablet so that's nice 
Holy shit, I might pick some up just to black out my TJ at that price. Similar to what I already have so I like the look 
So not a perfect solution but I have leather conditioner for my boots since I scuff them all the time and after using that stuff the color returns to normal but the cut is still technically there, just less visible. I got drunk one night and got a big gash in my leather case and i just peeled away the debris and rubbed some of that stuff on there and it actually looked quite a bit better. Again, there was still a gash but the lighter color underneath was far less noticeable. 
That’s what I’m doing. I love the feel of the naked phone and until I got an iPhone 6 (all android before then) I never used a case. The aluminum was too slippery when my hands were dry so I slapped the leather case on there. I’m hoping the glass back will help with the grip but I have a cheap clear case just in case so I can still show off the sexiness 
Most cables have a bending radius and a flex radius rating. A fixed bend radius rating is usually pretty small but the flex rating is usually 3x greater (or more) than the bend radius. That said, this would worry me a bit as well and I’ll just stick with my BT headphones  
Ah, you are correct. I haven’t been able to drive for the last month and half due to a seizure so I forgot the buttons. There is a button somewhere (at least on mine) that lets me basically say something is no longer there. That’s the one I avoid with cops but use all the time with cars on the side of the road 
Ah, you are correct. I haven’t been able to drive for the last month and half due to a seizure so I forgot the buttons. There is a button somewhere (at least on mine) that lets me basically say something is no longer there. That’s the one I avoid with cops but use all the time with cars on the side of the road 
This is why I either hit the thumbs up if I see the cop or just do nothing if I don’t see them. I don’t wanna be the one that takes away the alert just because I couldn’t see them 
Rowlett is the only grass starter I have ever picked. I’ve always preferred one of the others. Chespin was close but I had a really tough time making a decision in Gen 6. Went with Froakie but fire and psychic are my favorite types so I also wanted Delphox in the end but just didn’t like the design as much as Greninja. Plus I knew I would be getting a Charizard (my all time favorite of the starters) so it made up for it. 
Nice. I agree, I like the Audi's better myself but the M4 has been my favorite M series in recent history for me. I'm weird with my cars though, love my American muscle (probably because that's more my price range lol). I'd have a hard time not getting a GTR if I had access to one. One of my favorite cars of all time. 
Yeah I prefer typing with the stock keyboard but I love Swype texting so this is the best compromise I've found. I would really love to know why apple hasn't implemented it in to the stock keyboard yet. I'm sure there's a reason but I just can't think of one outside of legal reasons. 
Don't have a solution. Just wanted to comment on your awesome car (assuming it's yours)
Check out swappa and see what that same model/carrier/condition are going for to get a good idea. That's what I was basing my 6s+ off before my dad's phone died and I told him he could have it 
Those shortcuts are only on the iPad. GBoard allows you to long press the period button and get to a lot of those shortcuts. Not the best solution but the best one I've found. 
They should be. I live in NC so plenty of panthers games get watched here and I love their blue alternate jerseys. 
You’re getting some hate but I agree. Our jerseys have changed so little in our history that the throwbacks just don’t look much different. I rock my orange Payton jersey on game day though 
Don’t worry, it’s cyclical. Not many teams get blessed with 30 years with just two HOF QBs. There was an era when the Bears beat the piss out of the Packers year after year hence why they just this year took the lead in the rivalry. Rodgers should have a few more years left barring some major injury but it’s pretty obvious there’s no game plan if he goes down. Hopefully Trubisky and our new found defense can bring us back to relevance and make the rivalry a little more even. 
I don’t have a phone with an iris scanner. I was just commenting based on my experience working with IR cameras. Certain glass is mostly transparent to most IR wavelengths where others can be completely opaque. With an 8-14um wavelength detector (most common for thermal imagers) common glass found in windows and in my particular pair of glasses (that I rarely wear) you will not be able to see through them. However, there are a lot of glasses and plastics that work just fine. I only wore my glasses at night so I didn’t spend a lot of money on them so who knows what cheap lenses I had. Also, as I mentioned in another comment, I don’t know anything about how the iris scanner works so there is likely more to it than a simple IR detector. 
I probably should have phrased that a little better. Not saying it’s impossible but I was just pointing out that glasses “can” block IR. There are a lot of factors but mainly it comes down to the IR detector and type of glass/plastic used for lenses. I’d have to do some more research on how the iris scanner works to better understand its limitations. 
Glasses definitely block IR. Use a thermal imager and aim it at your face while wearing glasses. You will not see your eyes. At least with an 8-14um sensor which is the most commonly used IR sensor due to cost and covering the most broad range of IR.
God I love the way BMC bikes look but I test road a couple and they just don’t fit me right for whatever reason. I’m hoping the Felt IA’s fit me as well as the B models do because that’s my dream bike. 
Kinda late but I have a TJ with a 3.5” lift and 33” tires and I would say go for the 3.5”. I have plenty of room between the fenders for articulation but I will likely upgrade to 35s in the future so it leaves plenty of room for the upgrade. Only thing I will have to worry about it is regearing for 35s. 
Can you go ahead and pick up Case Keenum for me? I need him gone so the Bears have a fighting shot at clawing back in the NFCN. 
If I didn’t live in central NC I for sure would. 
Yeah, I guess the GC is kind of an in between vehicle. Far better than the Highlander off road and the explorer isn’t a tuck frame anymore so it’s mediocre at best. I agree that the 4Runner is more of an enthusiast vehicle but it’s still independent suspension so not really on equal playing field as the JKU either. 
Only flaw with that logic is that the Grand Cherokee’s direct competition is the 4Runner. I love the Grand Cherokee and will likely get another one some day but if I had to choose one for off roading I would take the 4Runner all day
Yeah when I lived in IL the first schools I went to was K-12 and then we moved where it was elementary K-4, middle 5-6, junior high 7-8, then high school. NC was elementary K-5, middle 6-8, then high school. All different. Couldn’t imagine our middle school doing any plays but high school definitely did. 
That’s all great to hear. Yeah I agree about the cleats. I’ve been using Look Keo’s for as long as I can remember so I would rather not change that up in case I’m too lazy to switch pedals over 
A bit late but how was IMMT? I live in the southeast US but my fiancé’s family is from Quebec so we go up there fairly regularly. Would love to schedule a race in with a trip but I don’t know as much as I should about the area. Is it hilly, technical, how was the atmosphere, etc? I’ve done NC 70.3 the last two years and did the full back when it was Beach2Battleship and I have to say ironman kinda killed the atmosphere that race used to bring. It makes me a little hesitant to sign up for another one especially since I would have to put in the hassle of either shipping my bike or flying with it and hope it doesn’t get damaged in transport. 
How are you liking the powertap pedals? I’m looking to replace my Stages power meter because it a) was inconsistent and b) I have two bikes and would love to get power on both. I’ve read too many bad reviews of Garmin Vectors to the point I’m not even considering them. I’m willing to pay a “decent” amount for something that works well on both sides.
Awesome. Thanks
Damn, at that price I’m tempted to pick some up for my TJ even if they end up being a bust. Only puts my wish list up to $10k lol. 
First thought your brain goes through to protect itself and your face 
Aw man, that’s my favorite color for the JK. I hope they bring it back for the JL (whenever I can afford one). 
True 
I was about to say, I’m on EST and have an alarm set for 2:50. I was gonna be super pissed if I did that just to find out I was an hour early 
Definitely misread that at first. Thought you said Xterra and was thinking “that’s a solid choice too” but then I looked back and realized my mistake. Yeah fuck that in a Sentra 
Apple...
If I remember correctly it was ~$550 for matching front, rear, and rocker guards (which I haven’t installed yet). Got them off quadratec.com
Not exact but here are a couple options I found. 

https://www.amazon.com/dp/B016MUBVYK/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_tai_Ju57zbEMY4MQC

https://www.amazon.com/dp/B073TVYS4F/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_tai_qx57zbQYG9Q0T
Just a different bumper. Didn’t care much for the stock one and this one gives me the option to add a winch later on down the line whereas the old one didn’t. [This](https://i.imgur.com/HFxQFHQ.jpg) is what it used to look like. 
Space gray
02 Sahara [twins(ish)](https://i.imgur.com/VRhv0Pt.jpg)
Same. I love the look of mine on my 6s+. Favorite case I’ve ever had and I have had probably close to 50 since my first smart phone in 2011. 
Yes he does. But so does Loggains imo. Chicago’s D line looked amazing today but they can’t be expected to go that long every week. 
Today was weird for me. Bears will always be my #1 but the Panthers will always be my #2 so while rooting for the Bears was easy, rooting for NO sucked because it hurts the Panthers in the NFCS but FTP. 
That’s why I said “ok”. We are running thin and our best receivers are TEs and Cohen right now but I think with better QB play Trubisky can bring out some talent in what we have. That said, we could use a true #1 receiver to make this offense relevant. We took a chance with White and it just hasn’t worked out. 
We have “ok” receivers but they’re hurt. Biggest problem is play calling. A good QB can make a receiver look good (Brady) but you gotta let him throw. Only 7 pass attempts today doesn’t tell anything. 
My buddy was in Vegas this week and I put $20 on the 28:1 odds of us winning the division. Minnesota winning didn’t help but plenty of season left. Defense is looking great but we need something more on offense. I think we can bear down and pull it off 
Fell off for me too. I’m estimating now when I expect my dad. Should be soon 
Was supposed to be out there with y’all but an unfortunate seizure has forced me to withdraw. Out here supporting my dad and everyone else. If you see 1101 out there tell him to go faster lol. 
Oh yeah same here. First time riding them I fell twice. Went almost 3 years and over 5000 miles while training for a couple ironmans just to fall during a rolling stop during a group ride. Never too experienced to look like an idiot 
Nah, you join that club in the first hour. Might even renew his membership a couple times. 
I’m doing the same. I’m actually more excited because I prefer the size of the regular size model but love the size of the screen on the plus model. 
Definitely not ideal but I can’t see really anywhere else to install one in this bathroom. The toilet is right up against the sink so putting it on the side you’d be bumping against it and the only other logical place would be the strip of wall (if there’s enough space) between the toilet and shower which could result in TP getting wet and you’d have to turn around to get some which is a pain. Only logical thing I could think of is getting one of those TP stands that you can move on the floor but I’m 5’11” so I’d probably just deal with it lol. 
Awesome. Thanks. I looked at the Bears website and didn’t feel like going through the 27 pages of jackets on nfl.com lol. Maybe I can get some by Christmas haha. 
My buddy is heading to Vegas this weekend. I’m planning on making the same bet lol. 
Gonna be an interesting game for me. Been living in NC for the last 18 years, went to UNC Charlotte, adopted the Panthers as my #2 team, and most of my friends are die hard Panther fans. Words will be exchanged but in the end gonna be all in on the Bears. 

Edit: side question, anyone know where I can get that sweatshirt Fox is wearing in the picture from the article? I can’t seem to find it anywhere. 
We’re gonna fuck it up by going 12-4 and winning the super bowl so we won’t get high draft picks...
Ok. I had been drinking because of NC State so just making sure I wasn’t going crazy. All love for all Jeeps 
Which was not the OP?
Love me some built up Commanders. Wish Jeep would bring back an updated model. Loved my WK2 but would love a slightly larger vehicle now that I have a TJ for the fun weekend stuff. 
Yes. And?
That’s because Californians suck. Jk. I find it hit or miss in NC too. JKUs tend to wave back the least and TJs almost always wave back. YJs are spotty too but I feel like half of them are just youngins who wanted a Jeep for thei first vehicle and just don’t know the rules yet. 
I mean I would like to hope anybody in the NFL could do 225 at least once. Just looked it up and it said he did 23 reps at the combine. A lot more than I would’ve guessed 
My dad made some for our dog when he got too old to jump on/off the bed and covered then with padding. Never had any problems and was easy enough to move if need be. 
Yeah that’s what I kept telling myself during my ironman. “It’s just a long training day” and everything went better than expected. I guess I had look on my face that didn’t display any wear and tear because the medics kept asking if I was ok. I really just wanted some pizza and beer lol. 
Me and a couple of my friends always FaceTime together and watch football games since we all live in different areas now. One is a big Philly fan so needless to say he wont be speaking with us on Thursday lol. I’m pumped for a big game though 
Yeah I live in the southeast and try to spend 5-7 days out at SLC every winter for some skiing and yeah the options are limitless. I always end up spending one day at Snowbasin though. Don’t know what it is about that place but I just absolutely love it. 
Being able to carry more than jack stand and a pack of crackers is kinda nice. That said, I have a TJ but would go JKU if I were to have one for a DD. 
I was obviously not a fan of him before we drafted him but he’s now playing for my #1 team so I’m willing to put that aside. That said, if I ever saw him in person I’d praise him for playing for the Bears but then talk shit about UNC. My girl doesn’t care too much because she’s had a lifetime of good QBs so Trubisky is just a speck to her right now. Hopefully he will prove to be the messiah and if she ends up hating/respecting him as much as I do Rodgers then I’ll chalk it up to a win. 
Yeah she learned pretty quick when she showed up at my house with a Packers jersey on after they beat the Bears and I told her she wasn’t allowed in my house with it on. But what really keeps is going is the similar hates. Bears are by far my favorite team on this planet so therefore I hate the Packers but I hate the Carolina Tarheels more than I hate the Packers and maybe even more than I love the Bears and she is the same way. We can talk shit to each other about Bears and Packers but on Saturday (or any day during basketball) we will skip our teams to root against the Tarheels. The couple that hates together, loves together. 
My fiancé is a Packers fan. I thought it would be a bigger problem when we first started dating but we’re both so intense during the games that we usually end up in our own separate rooms (and with me throwing shit). There’s generally a little awkward silence after the game but then we move on. We live in NC so we can at least agree on NC State and rooting for the Panthers as our second team. 
Fuck I’ll settle for 2-14 as long as the other win is against the packers and our offense at least strings together some drives this season. 
But what will he be able to do against our lord and savior Trubisky? Jk. As a bears fan who has lived in NC for most of my life I was so happy to see him back in Carolina (my adopted #2 team) only to realize we had to play against him again. At least he’s not wearing that god awful green and yellow anymore. I just hope we can contain him to one sack. 
I drive a lot for work so I use my phone for navigation daily. If I have a general idea of where I’m going I’ll use Apple maps because I like the convenience of being able to turn off the screen and it only come on when a turn is coming up. If I have no idea where the end location is I always go google maps. Waze is used for long drives to see speed limits and accident/police reports but they haven’t figured out the last step in telling us which side of the street your destination is on. 
Well no hookers or drugs but the alcohol is there. Luckily not too much since some health issues as of late. More money to spend on the Jeep I reckon haha. 
In terms of support pixel is the best bet. Samsung has amazing hardware and I loved my GS4 for the first year and then the typical lag started after a major update. I spent more time “fixing” problems that weren’t there than enjoying the experience. My Nexus 7 2013 still runs great with little lag but that’s what I expect for a 4 year old device running a custom rom. Google devices at least have the two years of updates and three for security but the rom support for them is great. Within a month there were Oreo roms for the N7. 

All that said, I’ll be getting the X when it’s released but I can see myself switching back to android some day. iMessages is still a major factor to me since a vast majority of my friends have iPhones. 
And then there’s idiots like me who waste my money on new phones, bikes, and cars. I have a problem lol. 
My roommate and I jokingly said we were gonna make subtle trades and make a super team. After 4 weeks we have a combined record of 2-6 and half of our original starters are out for extended periods of time. We couldn’t cheat even if we wanted to lol. 
To my knowledge it shouldn’t work like that. I just tested it with a few people i have both emails and mobile numbers saved in my contacts. If I say “text” it starts a text each time. It’s a stretch but is her number perhaps saved as something other than a mobile number? For whatever reason when I add a new number it defaults to fax so I could see it not trying to send that number a message. 
How do you phrase it when you ask Siri to send it?
I’m getting the X but idk how I went so long without a plus model. I thought my 6 had great battery life compared to all my android phones but when I got my 6s+ it was a whole different level. Even on a two year old phone I get similar battery life to this. I love never having to worry about it. 
But our lord and savior titty kisser is starting on Monday. 13-3 here we come. 
Nice beard. Go Bears/Sox. 
See I hear this from time to time. I know people who roll through windows PCs like it’s their job whether is my mom, sister, or my programming friends. My programming friends know part of it is just their own doing and also have Macs for their development but some of my friends swear off windows machines forever because they opened up an email with a virus. I’ve treated every windows PC I’ve owned like straight shit with porn and torrents and I’ve never had a problem and my average life is 5-6 years for each machine. Maybe I’m lucky, idk. That said, I’m not against getting a Mac and may own one eventually. I have a surface pro now and it’s working swimmingly so no reason to replace it but I also use my iPad for a lot of shit. I think if you have a little know how and aren’t a complete idiot with a computer it’s not hard to make any computer last 5 years but people pay more for Apple for the convenience of not having to think about it. 
I have to agree here. Even training for the Ironman I found plenty of time to drink and party. Now trying my hand at ultra running, I have to be more cautious with the drinking to the point I don’t see any reason to do it any more. I think it’s because “long runs” have turned into dual 13+ mile runs in a single day rather than one big one so you have to stay fueled and prepared for the second one so no time for recovering from a night of drinking. Maybe I’m just maturing but I doubt it lol. 
How much did you pay?
My Nexus 7 2013 outperformed my roommate’s S6 in almost every way right before he went in to get his S7 and my iPhone 6 beat them both. My daily is a IP 6s+ but I’ll be getting the X simply because I know the Apple products just don’t degrade over time like all the android devices I’ve had. I really wanna switch back to Android but it’s tough with what Apple is offering right now 
Probably. He’s Canadian so he probably followed Trestman thinking the high school coach would do well in the NFL. 
Thanks. I’ll look into it. 
I had one and the only thing I like about the second gen better is the individual lettering rather than the chrome strip. Easier to replace and paint. Best part about the first gen was the popping back glass 
I would love one of those grill inserts for my TJ but have yet to be able to find one. Guess I’m not looking in the right places 
I’m getting married next year and I might have to steal this idea. Looks amazing
You have your doors and windows on?
Reminds me of [Mater](https://lumiere-a.akamaihd.net/v1/images/open-uri20150422-20810-1aonp2t_931280b6.jpeg) for whatever reason. 
That sounds awesome. I’d be all up for participating if it was near me. 
Don’t think it’s aimed to be a Jeep really. I mean my buddie’s did fine on the ice and snow (what little we have in NC) due to the AWD but no, no use off road. It’s just a fun vehicle in its own way. 
My old coworker said the same thing when he got his SRT. I drove him to the dealership in my 2011 Laredo with the upgraded stereo and he said mine sounded better than the one he test drove. He was planning to buy that one but ended up ordering one just to get the sound system. 
My Ironman training plan called for a half tune up race like 6 weeks (or 8 don’t remember) prior to the full but there weren’t any near me that I felt like paying for. I realized that I’ve done all those distance plus more around my parent’s lake house so I decided to make my own course. My dad would follow and meet me at certain points in each leg to refill and make sure I wasn’t dead. Perfect tune up for B2B since it was a mostly flat bike and run course at the lake compared to the hills in Raleigh. Kinda wanna make it an annual tradition since my dad has now worked his way up to the half distance. 
His/her wording in their comments reminds me of a troll that made very similar comments I used to see in r/triathlon and r/bicycle when people would post about their new multi-thousand dollar bikes we worked to save up for. Basically doesn’t think anyone should upgrade ever because there are poor people out there who can’t afford the luxuries so we should suffer with them. 
I mean I have genetically big legs but that’s due to them being relatively short and not necessarily strong. I actually prefer leg day due to that because I actually feel like I’m moving big weight compared to my upper body
I didn’t even get that drunk since I figured it would be the same old loss thing but I still told my boss I wasn’t coming in the next day just to celebrate a longer weekend. At the time I think I had 30+ vacation days built up so he didn’t care. Just said to check my emails from time to time and enjoy the weekend. 
As long as you have documentation showing you purchased it and the IMEI number you can get the device blacklisted
As someone who drives for work, this will be great. Due to plugging in to my phone so often while driving I’ve always tended to wear down the charging port. 
God damn sexy Rexy. Never had so much pride and heartbreak for any of my teams in a single season. 
I showed up 3 hours early to ATL assuming it would be crazy. Needless to say I was sitting for a while when it only took me 15 minutes to get through security. They really do a good job keeping the line moving. O’Hare on the other hand I’ll show up the day before. Fuck that place. 
I would ask them to replace it if you commit to buying it. These parts aren’t expensive and by the sounds of it there was a recall. 
Not sure if they have bolts for the right size but there is such a thing as one way bolts. Basically you can tighten them but a normal screwdriver cannot loosen them which of course means it will be difficult for you to remove as well. Just a thought. 
According to my sister, yes
Not OP but nothing quite like the feeling of taking the top and doors off and driving around. Whether it’s on the beach, mountains, trails, or just around town. A wrangler can take you just about anywhere with its tight turning and small body. Yeah they’re too small for much cargo (2 doors at least), shit on gas, not particularly comfortable, but they’re just fun. I mean a Miata isn’t exactly practical for much either but they have a cult following as well because they’re the definition of a Sunday roadster. Plus many of us with 2 door wranglers have other vehicles for the other stuff. 
Not 100% but I’m thinking Ford Probe. 
Based on this entire comment I’m assuming you’re a male because it sounds like something I’d do so I apologize if I’m wrong. If true, this is why we pay more for car insurance lol. 
As a car guy, I wanna sleep with you simply because you have a Supra lol. Fucking love that car and would love to have one. My fiance’s cousin was showing us around her house and she commented that she didn’t understand why they had to keep her husbands “old ass car” in the garage while her new Volvo has to stay outside. I was like “because it’s an R32 Skyline” which basically meant nothing to her. I have some fond memories in my friends 97(?) 3000GT back in high school. Definitely a cool looking car for a high school kid. I’ve gotten more looks from girls in my old beat up wrangler TJ than anything I’ve owned in the past. Girls are weird with cars. 
Not saying it’s not impossible or that I didn’t try it. Especially since mine was a manual. But at 16 I had no concept of RWD vs FWD so I was willing to try anything to look cool. You know... for the girls... who looked at someone in a 96 Accord 
Understeer vs. oversteer. Understeer = not as cool donut. That said I’ve tried it many time in my ‘96 Accord and ‘11 GTI so I’m just as guilty. My Wrnagler looks great in mud but I can’t wait to have a powerful RWD vehicle to destroy some tires in. 
Before we got engaged my girlfriend was hinting that her ring size was a “5” but she worded it “I’m a 5”. So naturally I said “don’t say that about yourself, you’re a solid 8”. She wasn’t happy with that response lol. But I’ll die fighting before she thinks she’s on the same level as Blake Lively. 
Never thought of that. Always just assumed that was the max speed you could achieve from a 9V battery /s
Based on what my chemical engineer friends make I’d say basically same thing once you’re done lol. Gorgeous bike. 
Interesting. I have chargers, power banks, Bluetooth keyboards (iPad cases), and a few other things over the years and all have been great. Can’t say I’ve tried their cables yet so I’ll take your word on that. I took advantage of some Amazon Basic cables years ago for dirt cheap and they’ve held up ok despite the abuse so I haven’t had a need to get new cables since I bought the 6 3 years ago. 
I’ve tried a bunch of random cheap ones back in my Android days and still have one for my Nexus 7 that I still use occasionally and they all seemed to work fine (although seemed cheap). When I get my X I’ll see how the one I have laying around works but it was used on devices that didn’t have fast charging capabilities so I’m not sure if it will be very quick. I’ll probably end up buying one from Anker. I can’t recommend their products enough and have had nothing but great luck and service from them on the one piece of hardware I did have to return. May be a bit more (still fairly cheap) but they’re very good quality and have a great return policy and support if something is faulty. 
Absolutely loved going from 6 to 6s+. Thought it would take me longer to get used to the size but it didn’t take but a day. Only thing that I don’t like as much is typing one handed simply because I use Gboard for swype texting. I have smallish hands for a male so I can’t quite reach the far corners if I’m not holding it perfectly from the get go. Other than that, the better battery life and better camera over the 6s (which was my work phone) was great. Been holding out for the X since the “leaks” started rolling out so I’ll finally get the best of both worlds for me. 
Thank you so much. This has been driving me nuts since the beta on my iPad.
Thanks for the input. I’ll look into them. 
Thanks. Good to know since I’m looking to plan a trip out there with my uncle in the hopefully near future. My old TJ isn’t making it all the way out there from NC comfortably so definitely will be renting. 
Define “damage”. I assume many do rent so they don’t beat up their own rigs. I mean obviously if you major damage like snap an axle then you’re screwed but what about scrapes and dents on the body?
I actually prefer it. I'm an early riser so I get my workouts and other crap done early and then have nothing to do in the afternoon but watch football and drink and grill out with friends. Prime time games are getting rough though. Luckily the Bears don't get many of those at their rate right now. Unless it's the Bears or Panthers (live in NC) I usually just watch until halftime and go to bed. 
I'm glad I'm a bears fan on the east coast so worst case it's 1 pm. If I lived on the west coast I'd be drunk by noon  almost every Sunday 
2014. Glad I decided to do it while it was still around. 
Absolutely. It is all about putting the time and effort in. If you can’t commit the time for long rides (5+ hours) and long runs (3+ hours) you will struggle a bit. Not saying it’s impossible but someone with a lot of 70.3 experience would have a better chance at getting by on less training but again it’s not ideal. I highly recommend picking up “Be Iron Fit” by Don Fink. He has a a lot of great information as well as 3 training plans from easy to advanced. I did a hybrid of the medium and advanced when I did my full and i was amazed at how easy the training started so if you’re in shape for an Oly you will be more than ready. 
Out of curiousity, what Dropbox problem were you seeing? I haven’t been able to attach anything from my Dropbox in the mail app since I got on the beta so wondering if that was related. 
OTA. Although I’ve noticed over the years that if you try right at the moment of release it’s as if the servers get overloaded and you may have to wait a couple hours. Not sure if this is actually what’s happening but just my experience. 
If you drive for work it’s not too hard. I have 49k on my ‘16 Grand Caravan
Definitely read that as 3 "countries" over and was confused for a bit. Not only for trying to figure how that seemed like a reasonable trip but then I saw the American flag and was trying to figure out what country was actually 3 countries away lol. 
The foot is such a crazy infrastructure. I played soccer and if you didn't break something in your foot during your career it's a miracle. I've seen some out for 12+ weeks and even longer without pain and then there's some who fracture non load bearing ones and were able to keep playing with minor discomfort. 
Well I just bought one lol. 
I was the same for the longest time. Losing to the Lions and 49ers but I finally broke the streak when I went and saw them in Charlotte while I was going to school there. All my friends are die hard Panthers fans (and I’ve adopted them as my #2) and it was good to rub it in their face back then. 
I don’t think ANW really ruined it but they certainly made it more difficult. The popularity continues to grow for it though so we will eventually get another champion. I love old Ninja Warrior but it is a cake walk compared to the courses they are doing now. 
Yeah I have a Gen 2 iPod Touch on iOS 3 (I think) and I finally charged it up last month for the first time in years. Oh the memories
Shit I see some of my friends more now that they’re finally married
Next time I'm out there I'm doing that. I spent 10 days with my uncle who lives in vegas going around national parks and did some 4-wheeling in the desert and a bunch of hiking. A week later my uncle said him and his wife spent a weekend in a rented wrangler just exploring. Was so jealous. 
That's impressive. I use my old 5s when I ride my bike since my 6s+ won't fit in my jersey pocket and it's just stock apps and it still lags on me. Granted it's a 16GB so it doesn't take much to fill that thing up 
Not disagreeing with you, just pointing out that Ford didn't invent the car
As far as I know most new android phones still have wireless charging. I think what they meant is that they introduced wireless charging a long time ago but didn't really advance it much since then. I mean there are far better Qi chargers now compared to the one I bought with my old nexus 7 tablet but not like the advances made in fast charging. Now that Apple is in the game it may revive it a bit and see some real advances. 
~~flashing~~ fixing stuff until it broke. Still good times with my HTC Evo, Galaxy Nexus, and GS4. 
Good point. Guess I could glance down rather than directly at it. Guess we'll all find out when we get them lol. 

Edit: possibly just tap the screen once it's unlocked. Idk just spitballing here. Just might be awkward to swipe up if you're not holding it in such a way to get your thumb down there in one fluid motion. 
You can also get in the beta now and the latest download in the GM version. That's what I did with my iPad. Didn't want to risk it on my work phone. 
I wonder if there will be a setting like "Rest Finger to Open" on the Touch ID devices so you don't have to press the home button. I'd prefer to just look at it without having to swipe at all but that's just my preference. 
On the home screen long pressing an app allows you to move them around whereas a force touch allows you quick access to certain things depending on the app. Settings gets you quickly into wifi and Bluetooth settings which I use a lot for hotels. Force touch allows for quick dial of your favorites and same with messages. Apps like ESPN will open a small widget to show you scores of your favorite teams. My favorite since I drive so often for work is that the widget allows you quick access to go directly to home, work, saved locations. Not really necessary but once you get used to it you find it useful and quicker for many applications. 
God yes. I travel for work and am usually training late and getting up early to train again before hitting the road. Hurricane Irma cancelled all my plans this week (I live in the southeast) so I've been working from home on a basically free schedule. I haven't felt this good in mo tha just sleeping until my body wakes it self up. Still around 7:15-7:30 but better than getting myself up at 5:00
I actually did myself. Looks like something he'd do. Someone said it lower in the comments and they got torn to shreds so I guess we were all wrong 
I'm thinking they thought it was Preston Lacy from Jackass 
I’ve always gotten apple care on my iPhones because it’s a one time price that lasts 2 years and in my experience they either fix or replace it for free or for $89 depending on what the problem was. Never bothered with insurance on an android phone since the cost just didn’t seem worth it for the small chance that I break it. I’m sure the cost will be higher for the X so I’ll have to evaluate that when I get it. 
From most of the “leaks” the 7s (or whatever name they go with) will have the same body as the 7 and 7 plus. 
Oh I know. I work from home or out of hotels so I don't really care. I just don't want chrome to auto fill "midget tranny gets DP'd by BBC while riding a unicorn" if I try searching for anything starting with "M" in front of people. That just raises more questions than I'd feel like answering. 
I guess I forgot to close out the incognito tab on my iPad one night and opened chrome to log onto the Southwest wifi on my morning flight to see a frozen screen of some girl getting railed from behind. Needless to say I’m glad I get to board early but there were enough people around I turned the screen down to close out the tabs. 
It's a shame arabs get so much flak because y'all have the best beard genetics. As others have said, screw the haters but I know that's easier said than done coming from someone who doesn't have to deal with it. I would say just keep it fairly tight and well groomed which you're already doing. I keep mine longer than most because my mustache and beard don't really connect and the length makes up for that but if I could rock it I'd keep my beard at a 2 month length. 
Nice build. I wish I didn't live on the east coast so I could take my TJ on some of those trails out there. 
Basically most differentials are open meaning that if you hit ice or a wheel is off the ground that wheel will spin freely when you hit the gas. This is not ideal because it's basically the path of least resistance so the wheel in the air will spin and little to no power will be sent to the wheel on the ground therefore no movement. Lockers (locking differentials) allow you to lock the right and left wheel together so that when a tire is off the ground you basically get all the power to one on the ground allowing you to move on. Lockers are generally activated electronically via a switch in the cab or an air compressor and then turned off when driving on the road. There's also limited slip differentials which is basically a smart diff that will notice that one wheel has less traction and transfer power to the others to make up of the lack of traction. True lockers are generally stronger and more suitable for off roading vs a limited slip. 
I got mine from Quadratec.com. 
Washington 
Literally just got those bumpers and side rails on the tan one. Haven’t installed them yet but glad to see they look pretty good. 
I love Chattanooga. Raleigh isn’t bad for used Jeep prices but I definitely considered going over there for a Wrangler I found on Craigslist out there. Also a good tri bike for dirt cheap since they have an Ironman there 
Never really think about trailblazers being hardcore off-road vehicles but now that I think back one got us out of a lot of shit back in high school 
I've had a few different ones similar to this between my Air 2 and 10.5". I'm using the Smart Keyboard now but I think my favorite one was an Anker backlit keyboard for my Air 2. I liked that it covered tha back unlike the Smart Keyboard and it still had the similar magnetic base to prop the iPad up. The downside was that it used Bluetooth so it had to be charged occasionally but I left it on all the time and it easily went 3 months at a time on a charge with regular usage. It went dormant until you either hit a key or it would recognize when you paired with the magnetic base. It also did not disconnect from the iPad for simple tablet use which would've been nice but it wasn't bad. 
How can you te.... oh I see. College budget in a nutshell there though. 
Mine is the opposite. My car radiator relies on my hot piss to cool off the engine since it has a slow leak. 
I knew there was a reason I didn't like him. Go Pack. 
I feel kind of dumb not knowing you could do that. I guess at least I won't miss it in 11 since I'm already on the beta 
They meant as an 18 year old senior in high school you're looking to go to college (debt) but yet some of your teachers still require you to ask before you take a dump. 
My aunt and uncle live in Vegas and for a few years I would end up there during the preseason and would put $100 on the Bears to win the super bowl and my uncle would take the Colts. My uncle came pretty damn close when the colts made it to the AFC championship and their odds were not great that year. 
That's what I need. Except I have an iPhone 6s Plus... I drive for work and would love to do away with having to have it plugged in all the time since my port seems to be getting a bit worn down. 
Check out crutchfield.com. They have great chat support to help you choose components. I replaced all my speakers and head unit in my TJ for $120. Now I can be topless going 80 and hear music clear as day. 
I played the entire game of X assuming Florges was part grass. Never thought to look at it's type and always avoided fire types with it. 
I find myself doing the same. Definitely peCAN pie and if someone asks me how I would read anything else I would say peCAN. However, I do find myself saying peCAHN when talking about just the nuts alone. 
Oi and io is a single syllable here in the south. "Oil" is "ole" 
As a southerner we could sit around a fire passing the bottle for hours debating different pronunciation of words. "Pecan" comes to mind. I've always pronounced it "ant" though but I lived in Illinois until I was 10 so I guess some things stuck. 
I still have nightmares. 
I can only speak from my own perspective but if you have a goal time and you base your training around beating that time I'd say you're racing. If you just train so that you can survive 17 hours then you're participating and I feel like that's harder than actually racing. For my first I had a goal of 11 hours but would have been fine with 12. I ended up doing 10:45 so I was ecstatic. Still way off the lead but I couldn't have been happier. I see a lot of mistakes I made in the first one so I will put my goal for the next one to be sub 10. Again, many will beat me but if you're racing the clock you're racing 
Maybe it’s just their first one they paid for themselves? My buddy drove his old ass Pontiac Sunfire for 14 years and was making damn good money since he graduated. I finally convinced him to get something at least newer even if just for reliability. I took it up a notch and got a Porsche 911 lol. 
Ooh I do like that one. Not gonna spend money on a new case with the 8 (or whatever it’s gonna be called) right around the corner but something like that is what I like to use when I keep it in my pocket skiing and eat shit lol. 
Exactly. To date my favorite case has been the Apple leather case but my problem is I run so much that I need something that I can have in an armband (as minimal as possible) and taking a case off every day is just annoying. Still searching for the perfect solution and am willing to pay for it for as much as it’ll get used 
That's where I was gonna start. It should be plenty for how little impact my iPad sees. I love the naked feel of my phone so when the new iPhone comes out I think I'm gonna get one just to protect it from minor scrapes. 
Not sure why I didn't even think about that. I guess I incorrectly assumed the silicone back would cover the smart connectors. 
I just bought the keyboard Smart Cover since I use mine for a majority of my work emails. I like it more than any other keyboard case I've used. Only gripe I have is that there is no cover for the back. I don't put my iPad through any abuse but I would prefer some protection for the rare drops. Will probably get a skin or something in the future. 
Nah, I wish it was though with all the equipment. Would be easier to carry but we just get dodge caravans. Moving to Pacificas this year though so we get some luxury lol. I've about convinced my boss to get us Ram vans or transits since we apparently get our deals through Chrysler and ford 
Yeah I sold my GTI when I was given a company van and bought a TJ for a weekend vehicle. The van feels like a speed demon now even with 1000lbs of equipment in the back. 
Glad I could help lol. It took me a few minutes to remember what we called it. Wasn't a popular move when we did splash contests. The can opener and "banana" resulted in the biggest splashes. 
Biggest downside to having a full beard and mustache. Can't enjoy ribs and wings in public. I'll eat them at home and then just take a shower 
The good old days. When I used to flying squirrel flips and had no regard to injuries. Not anymore 
I think we called it the "watermelon" here in the southeast US. The big one amongst us was the "can opener" for the biggest splash. 
[I’ll save you from future downvotes](http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/navy-seal-copypasta?full=1)
I love Troopers. I thought about getting one as a weekend toy but ended up getting a wrangler. Only downside to them is the aftermarket isn’t quite as good for them so getting replacement parts isn’t as easy sometimes. Still beastly vehicles though 
lol I rent cars almost weekly for work. Only manuals I've seen was on a corvette which wouldn't be cheap and I'd be driving it more than I'd be letting her. If we have manual rentals here in the US I haven't seen them. At least not in the southeast 
Nah. She puts up with all my shit. Reckon I'll teach her one day. Have an old 91 F-150 she can learn on. That clutch needs to be replaced anyways lol. 
It’s all about fit. Don’t feel pressured to buy whatever they have simply because that’s what they have. The Cervelo P2 is certainly a great bike and has the record to show for it. I got a professional fit a few years back and that was one of the bikes at the top of the list that should fit me best. I test rode it and I honestly didn’t like it. Again, nothing against it but it just didn’t feel right for me even after a few adjustments. I rode a 10 mile loop r times with different adjustments and just couldn’t “feel” it. Odd thing was I actually didn’t find a single tri bike that day I liked and ended up with a aero road bike. Fast forward 2 years later I found my current tri bike (Giant Trinity Composit) that is actually a size smaller than was recommended and it wasn’t a brand my local shop carried. I have an odder build where my legs are pretty short but I have a fairly long torso so a smaller frame with a slightly longer stem worked best for me.  The point I’m trying to make in the end is get a proper fit analysis and determine your stack and reach measurements since those are the most crucial in a fitting. Research bikes that meet those measurements the closest and see what you can find locally. If you’re somewhat handy with a bike I would check out the used market. A lot of people buying high end bikes for a single season and then selling them for a song over the winter. My road bike new was $2500 and I pieced together my race bike from used parts for $2300 so deals are there if you are patient. 
Everyone has their own running style. Sure all of the elites share many common characteristics but everyone has their own little difference. Best quote I ever read was “Think easy, light, smooth, and fast. You start with easy, because if that’s all you get, that’s not so bad. Then work on light. Make it effortless, like you don’t give a shit how high the hill is or how far you’ve got to go. When you’ve practiced that so long that you forget you’re practicing, you work on making it smooooooth. You won’t have to worry about the last one – you get those three, and you’ll be fast.”
It is unfortunately becoming a lost art here. I want to teach my GF to drive mine but after already replacing the master and slave clutch cylinders I’m a little hesitant to have someone put it through that much abuse. 
True. Luckily mine being a manual is its own anti theft in many ways here in the US. I also luckily now have a garage that it stays in most of the time since it's really just a second vehicle for me now 
Oh look at Mr. Organized over here. /s. This is twice as organized as I was throughout any form of schooling. 
My GF, hopefully wife eventually, would flip shit if I shaved. She’s seen me once in the last 2.5 years clean shaven and when I did it she said “don’t ever do that again”
I leave literally nothing in my jeep since I never lock it. That way if it gets stolen it’s my own fault. 
What a loser. I’ve kicked one and only one. And an extra point. /s
Your hands will be fine but your feet will be a bit chilly since they're not getting as much blood flow as your arms/hands. Just dry them off good in T1 and if you wear socks they'll warm up in no time. They do make little neoprene booties if it's a major concern. My dad used them for one of our mountain races where the lake water was in the high 50s. He said they helped keep his feet warmer but they were a bit awkward to swim in. I think I'd rather just deal with numb toes for the first 10 minutes of the bike but I also don't wear socks on the bike regardless of distance. 
Haven't personally used them but one of my fellow club members used them for 3 years and also used the HED Jet 7s which I do have. I asked him how he liked them and he said he felt the HEDs "felt" lighter when taking off (but weight specs are similar) but he said they were bomb proof. He trained and raced in them all year for those 3 years and only trued them once before an ironman. He rides Zipp 808s now but he also makes a pretty good money and likes his new toys. For $450 I'd say they're worth it if they're in good shape. Hell I bought my HED Jet 7 set used for $700 and they've been worth it. 
That will be fine. I only use a sleeveless and have done a few races with similar water temps. It's actually pretty relieving once you get going. It'll start off cool but 5 minutes in you'll be perfect. Once the water gets around 70 it's almost too warm for a wetsuit at that distance. 
Get everything you'll need together the night before. Nothing more stressful than running around gathering crap when you're trying to get out the door quick. If possible get your race packet the day before and get the numbers on your bike, helmet, and race belt (if you're using one). I'm probably over anal but before every big race I get my bike tuned up by my LBS to check for any oddities I may have missed. Bike failures are the only thing you can't fully control on race day so minimize the possibilities. Other than that, trust your training and get plenty of sleep in the days leading up. None of us sleep well the night before but come race morning you'll be amped up. 
Yeah i can't speak from experience with them since I have a TJ but from reviews and one unfortunate friend it's hard to recommend. I will say I have 3 friends who have an 07-11 JKU with manual transmissions and they vary from 15k-40k miles/year and one goes on CA tails almost every weekend and they have been great. Other than the 3.8L burning some extra oil the transmission seems to be the worst part. I'm sure there's plenty of people out there who can attest to the auto being perfectly fine but with a better option available I'd say it's worth continuing the search. Another random thought would be a similar year Toyota FJ. Pretty bare bones and all the same reliability in your 4Runner. Interior is a bit more robust to deal with the dog hair and stuff. Of course you can't take the top off but just a thought. 
I would try to get the 2012 or newer if you're thinking automatic. The auto transmission has also been a concern for the 07-11 so you'd be taking that chance. If you don't care for all the bells and whistles I'd go for a Sport or Sport S. the Sport is as bare bones as it gets and does not have the option for power windows and locks. There's also some little things like the steering wheel and shifter knob wraps but nothing really crucial there. If you don't plan to build it up I'd go for the Sport S since it comes with nicer looking wheels and tires(?) but if you're gonna swap those out then it makes no difference. If you plan more mods and a lot of off roading it would be worth going with the optional 3.73 gears over the stock 3.21. I think for a while the stock Sport didn't have A/C but I don't think that's the case anymore. 
I'm genuinely curious as well. I can't see how you could make something with solid axles as comfortable as something with independent suspension. Not to mention the insulation in the grand will make the cabin quieter than any wrangler even with the hard top. Wranglers do ride quite rough but the JK(U) is far better than my TJ is. That said, I've owned a WK2 and it has been my favorite vehicle I've owned to date and will eventually have another grand cherokee. If I was going out every weekend on trails then the wrangler is the best choice but if you're doing road driving 99% of the year and occasionally want to go off road the WK2 is plenty capable off road and you get all the fancy creature comforts. People get too hung up on the "real Jeep" thing. Get what you want and what fits your lifestyle. In the Jeep lineup I wouldn't consider anything other than a Wrangler or Grand Cherokee but that's just my personal preference and I would get them for different reasons. In my perfect world I would drive a Grand Cherokee daily and have a wrangler for the fun trips.
I had a German coworker who did downhill mountain bike racing and he swore by Canyon. The price point puts them very comparable to the equivalent Felt which tends to be a bit on the lower price point. I was hell bent on a Canyon until Felt came out with the IA but now that they’ll be more readily available here in the US I may have a tough time not giving them a look. 
As a triathlete, I agree. I ride solo mostly because there’s always some idiots in the group ride that will piss off drivers. I’m not getting hit because someone else is an idiot. I’m overly cautious on the bike 
Every scrambler I've seen has had wheel wells like that but I don't have many sighting to go on lol 
No, it's an old CJ-8. Not very common 
I have similar length and do my own. I just use clippers without a guard and chip away until it's the way I like it. 
Hate to break it to you but this is what they look like unless you pay for a much nicer room 
I think that trait trickled down to Chicago while I was younger before we moved to NC. Or maybe it's just because I'm a Bears/white sox/NC State/Hurricanes fan that I drink so much...
As an NC State fan, I'm glad he's actually on my team now
Not OP but I swapped all the speakers and head unit with marine rated JVC pieces from Crutchfield. Quick delivery and pretty good instructions. All in all it took me a little over an hour to swap everything out. The only hiccup was they sent me the wrong connectors for the roll bar speakers. I ended up just cutting the connector off and splicing the wires together so now they’re just not a quick disconnect. Overall I’m very happy with it. I ride along at interstate speeds with the doors and top off and can hear clear as day and not even turned all the way up. 
I give up 
Edited. I lost the ability to use the English language last night. Not the case. He just ended up marrying a short girl 
I can't use words properly I guess. Not the case, just eventually married a very shirt girl 
It was funny during the wedding. His wife is around there too and they just had a kid. Don't know what to expect. 
One of my good friends is 6'6" and every girl he dated was 5'2" (and married) so it was always funny to me. 

Edit: I apparently can't use the English language. Meant to say "every girl he dated, and the one he eventually married, were all very short"
It's probably because I'm using my pro more since it's new but God damn my Air 2 had some crazy battery life. Would last easily a week with light use or 3 days of Netflix watching (while falling asleep). My new pro gets abused with the apple pencil for note taking for work so it's not a fair comparison. Still lasts 2 days like it nothing though so more than enough for me 
I didn't either. I'm barely above average for a male (I think) at 5'11" but my sister is pushing 5'9". I just assumed she was slightly above average too since half the girls I dated were 5'2" or under and the other half were almost as tall as me. 
Thanks for that. Had to post there for my pup. 
Phelps is also a freak but yeah I see what you're saying. I don't plan on fully shaving unless I make an attempt at a Kona spot and even then I think I'll still keep the stache for kicks and giggles 
Hell no. Beards only slow you down in the water which is a sacrifice I'm willing to make. I'll shave my arms and legs before I shave my face 
Interesting. Learned something new today. 
Definitely does but I lived in Charlotte for 4 years and live in Raleigh now and I'd be less surprised if someone got stabbed in either of those cities 
That was a fun fact 
As an NC resident... actually seems odd for Wilmington. 
Not sure if you're commenting to me or the person I commented to but I realize there's a lot of people who have a huge debt problem. My roommate is one of them  and he's one of those who makes a lot of Kenney but also has a lot of debt. I was truly one of the fortunate few who didn't have to worry much about it. 
Fuck bitches, make money?
Yeah I absolutely love mine. Bought it mostly for the pencil coming from the Air 2 and I wanted cellular due to traveling so much for my job. I would sell my 6s+ to make up for the new phone but I realized a few months ago that I somehow managed to bend my phone. Honestly don't know how I did it but I've accepted that I won't get much for my phone now so it's gonna be a hard hit for the new phone but for something I use every day I'm ok with the cost. I spend more money on a vehicle I drive 3000 miles a year so I'm not exactly smart lol 
Such a phenomenal phone. My GF has one and I have a 6s plus and hers is night and day better than mine and I love mine. The only problem I have with the 7 plus is the chassis simply because it's old and has big bezels but the hardware is tough to beat. I'm pumped for what's coming this fall and will be getting it for sure. Gonna be a hard hit to the wallet after getting the iPad Pro 10.5" cellular earlier this year but I like my toys lol. 
Thanks. They really are. I plan to do the same for my kids (god forbid the day that comes lol). 
Makes me hope there a thin case over the phone and the circle is just a sticker of some sort. Was really hoping for the fingerprint sensor just being imbedded into the screen
I honestly never thought about the whole "shine a light and see the shadow" but it makes complete sense. I might add some overhead squats into my next round of lifting come November when I start building strength again. 
Shit, I was one of the lucky few I guess who got a job within 2 months of graduating with pretty good pay. That said, it would've taken me probably 5 years to comfortably live and pay off my student loans if it weren't for my parents starting a college fund for me the whenI was born. 
Yeah I guess different strokes. I was always a 400 runner but as a freshman I didn't quite have the speed to keep up with the seniors so they placed me in the 800 and I did fairly well. I hit a growth spurt during the summer before sophomore year so I worked my way back up to the 400. I suppose the shorter distance of the two always seems easier. Then again I was mostly doing track to stay in shape/build for soccer. 
Good to know. Thanks. 
Raleigh. Although I spend more time traveling the rest of the southeast for work during the week
I stayed near the campus. First time being in Alabama but it was very nice. I live in NC so don't get down there enough 
I've always had decent sprinting speed. Not the quickness to be a 100 runner but was an alternate for the 4x200. The shortest run leg of triathlons is 5k so not much need for the explosive power. I had a bad calf injury last year and my 6:30/mile race pace dropped to 8:30/mile. A lot had to do with some weight gain but just don't feel like I have the "grit" to maintain the fast pace right now. I'll get it back but in due time. Last thing I want is another injury 
The 800 is the worst (former 400/800 runner). It was actually the reason I stopped track my senior year in high school. For whatever reason I was doing the long distance running with the 1600/3200 runners and then got to do sprint work and sled pulls with the 100/200 guys. Did make the 400 seem so much easier though. I've transitioned to triathlons now that I'm in my late 20s and if I ever feel my speed is lacking (which it is now) I schedule a few blocks of 400/800 repeats at the track. 
I only have one from when I stayed in Tuscaloosa for a night and went for a run. Other than that I never see them wherever I stay throughout the southeast. I'm sure they're out there just never where I am. 
Nice. Now to get black Grand Cherokee letters to match the wheels 
I'll be right there with you in the morning. I honestly wouldn't worry too much about it. The coldest part will be the in the swim but if you dry off a little in T1 then you should be fine. It will still be humid as balls out there and these are the conditions we all hope for on race day. If you're prone to getting cold then maybe wear the sleeves as a precaution but I honestly don't think you'll need them. I haven't done this race yet but I have done races in the mountains with similar conditions and you warm up pretty quick. Good luck out there tomorrow. 
God damn. The truth hurts so much though. 
Great for porn...
All the third party keyboards have their own advantages. The stock keyboard is great and will generally be a little "snappier" overall but the third party ones are pretty good now. The stock one misses a few features that many of us like hence why some of us use them. For example; GBoard, Swiftkey, Swype and others allow for swype texting which is great for one handed use. Flesky has some pretty cool features like swiping back to delete words quickly or adding a number row. It's all a matter of preference really. 
Android being open source is its best and worst trait. The openness lets you change something if you don't like the stock option. Downside to that is there is a bunch of straight garbage on the play store and with OEMs pushing their versions of apps along side Google services it can get confusing. I honestly prefer android to iOS but I choose to use an iPhone because it is the best smartphone on the market that fits my needs. Great battery, long lasting support, easily save and load backups, and much more. There's compromises of course but with every android phone I was constantly tinkering trying to get it "perfect" and without that option on iOS I just don't bother. In the end it leads to a better overall experience IMO. 
So do you currently have an iPad that is not a pro? I used an Anker keyboard case when I had my Air 2 and absolutely loved it. A bit more bulky than the smart case but had backlit keys and I've had nothing but good experiences with Anker in general. I have the pro 10.5 now and when I bought it they didn't have a keyboard case so I just got a Bluetooth keyboard that I pull out on occasion when I have to do a lot of typing. 
I've lived in the US my whole life. I never say AM or PM
Thanks. Just wish they would hurry up and get here. They're the last piece for the visual upgrades I plan to do for a while and I'm getting anxious lol 
Sorry, my front bumper is different. I got the [Quadratec](https://www.quadratec.com/p/quadratec/qrc-front-bumper-rocker-guards-rear-bumper-87-96-jeep-wrangler-yj-tj) bumpers and they came with the rock sliders. Always loved that look. 
My old coworker did the same thing. He went from a 3 mile drive to a 50 mile drive daily and had a Grand Cherokee SRT. It was his dream can and he didn't wanna give it up so he bought an old Corolla for the commute. The engine will last forever with proper maintenance and even if there are problems old Japanese cars are stupid cheap to fix 
I get more wave backs from modded XJs than I do JKUs. JKs usually wake back but I think the 4 doors appealed to a lot of non jeep enthusiasts so they just don't know the wave. I'll even throw one out to a modded WJ or ZJ simply because I like them but the response is small. 
Been waiting almost two months for my similar looking rock sliders (and bumpers). Starting to get annoyed but the look is worth it. 
The Baja was just ugly as sin but at least it could handle some off road terrain. 
My coworker said he was debating between a tundra, the new Titan, or a ridgeline. I was like "why is the ridgeline even part of this conversation?". Note: nothing against y'all who may like the ridgeline but just a completely different class from the other two he mentioned. 
Which iPad do you have? Anything from Anker I would vouch for. Nothing but great experience with their products and had a keyboard case for my Air 2 and now use one of their standard Bluetooth keyboards for my pro 10.5 until they release a keyboard case for that one. 
Ok so the shitty hand brake isn't just on my TJ. Good to know 
I was making the joke like letting your beer get warm. Not eating it fast enough if it's melting but not everyone is as glutinous as I am lol. 
Why are you letting it melt?
Yeah I'm gonna play it by ear. I know I don't need the hard top for the winter but I know it'll be better. We'll see though. We don't usually hit cold weather until January so I may just get lazy and sell my hard top 
Where do you live? Like others have said, if you live in the south you can get away with a soft top. I live in NC and I have both but I could honestly get away with just a soft top very easily on my TJ. I'll probably still put on the hard top since I have it in the winter but the difference will be maybe 5 more minutes getting warmed up on cold days. 
Sexy. I just ordered a similar bumper and sliders for my TJ. Good to know they will look good with the lights. 
Nothing but good experience with Subaru. My aunts outback got us through everything the UT winters threw at it while we were up there skiing and a WRX is on my short list of cars in the future due to how well it handled snow/ice in our NC winters. I've seen some videos of foresters taking on some hills I wouldn't have even considered in my TJ. Not that I really need another 4WD/AWD vehicle since I have the TJ but I like having it for those "just in case" moments 
I meant are there any rules against it like UCI saying I couldn't rock up with my tri bike?
Oh wow. I live in Raleigh and am in Charlotte all the time. Didn't know they did this. Might need to look into it. Do you have to use road bikes or could you use a TT bike?
Sexy. I wish my TJ had black tube bumpers. I'm replacing my chrome ones but something about the tubes just look right on the TJ. 
Got a mirror relocating kit for my TJ. Best decision ever. Only throw the doors on for long trips so would rather have them on the body 
As a bears fan living in NC (and went to school in Charlotte) I was really hoping that game would be down here. I've adopted the panthers as my number 2 team but my friends are enemies for a day every few years. 
I think that was the question. It's in soldier field and usually the home team is written second so why is Chicago first in this instance? Not that it matters 
There was a guy in my triathlon club that is 64 that would wax me at every 70.3 and longer. I would beat him in the short races due to youth and power but long races, forget about it. He slaughtered me on the bike and I couldn't catch up on the run. Unfortunately he has some heart complications so he can no longer compete. I'm desperately trying to buy his old Litespeed Saber from him even though I have no need for it. Just such a pretty bike 
Are you in the same room as them or all online? Not sure about online but I use my Apple TV to share my screen when giving presentations. Not the best solution but just a thought. 
Old school iOS and old school Pokemon. Good stuff
As a fellow engineer, brag all you want. We're awesome lol. Yeah I found it funny that my manual GTI had the hill assist yet my mom's CC (same year) would roll back on hills and hers was an automatic. 
I guess take this with a grain of salt since I've been driving a manual since the moment I turned 15 (13 years) but I find it to be one of the easier ones to get going on a hill. My GTI kinda cheated because it had hill assist so it basically held itself in place on hills while I got going. Not sure about the JKs but they may have something similar but if not like I said before, once you start getting off the clutch on a wrangler it will start trying to creep so it assists. Worst case, when you're getting accustomed to it just use the old hand brake trick to keep you planted while you give it gas. You'll get the hang of it quick. 

Kinda unrelated but worth noting, since the TJ (I think) it is possible to start a manual wrangler in first gear while in 4lo without pressing the clutch. This is to help in off roading when you're on a steep incline and don't want to take your foot off the brake or if you're in water and don't want to open the clutch. 
I sold my 2011 GTI manual and then got an 02 Sahara as my weekend fun toy now that I have a company car. Huge difference. I don't have any experience with that generation mustang but I've spent a fair amount of time in an 03 GT and a 15 GT and I would say you will have a much easier time in the wrangler. Yeah it's a longer shift and a more rugged clutch but the mustangs are more speed/performance driven so they have clutches to match that. Until my roommate actually did it I thought it was impossible to stall my TJ. I can just ease off the clutch in first and it'll start moving even on a slight slope. 
Is it waterproof? That's the only thing that kept me from pulling the trigger on something like this for my TJ. Plus I got a great deal on a marine rated JVC with Bluetooth so can't complain on my end. 
Lol. Never noticed it. But then again I never played online and only used him for a little while in the game 
I'd be curious to see a study showing that. Not meant to be malicious at all but if it were more aerodynamic wouldn't we see all the pros doing that? 
Totally understand. I knew going in that I was going to get the pro from the store rather than wait for used ones. I wanted the warranty for sure if I was going to be paying that much. Good idea going to the store to check out the display. I just happened to have my roommates beside me and compared them side by side. It's definitely a noticeable difference but once the screen is on the brightness somewhat overpowers the reflections so unless you'll be using it outside a lot I don't think there will be any problems. 
If I were in your shoes I'd go for the 2017. Spec wise the 2017 is either on par with the Air 2 or better. The processor in the 2017 is better, especially for web browsing. The disadvantages to the 2017 are mostly physical. It is basically a beefed up version if the Air 1 so you don't have the anti reflective coating on the screen and the overall housing is thicker than the Air 2. This really isn't that noticeable if you've never owned an Air 2 and felt the difference in thickness. I could tell right away but it honestly would not have bothered me if it were my own. Don't get me wrong, the Air 2 is still a great device and mine was running like a champ when I upgraded but overall I think the 2017 is the better buy at this time. I'd say if you want a more bang for your buck I'd compare it to a refurbished pro 9.7. it's quite a bit cheaper than the pro 10.5 but you get a overall spec bump over the 2017. 

Also, not sure where you're located or how comfortable you are looking on the used market but Swappa.com is amazing for used devices. I got my mint condition Air 2, iPhone 6s+, and a Nexus 7 tablet from there for much cheaper than refurbished and had nothing but great luck with the site. Downside is you don't get Apple's warranty and you're not eligible for Apple Care so keep that in mind. I don't usually get Apple Care on my iPad since they're not usually in the high risk situation of getting damaged like my phone's are but a warranty is always nice just in case. Hope this helps you make a decision. Buying my first iPad was one of the best decisions I've made. I use it every day and much more than I expected to. If not for needing to use my work PC for one proprietary piece of software my pro 10.5 would fully replace my computer. 
My roommate just made this upgrade and he loves it. I just upgraded from the Air 2 to the pro 10.5 mostly for the pencil usage. The difference between the two is pretty clear but it all depends on your usage. The pro will definitely be more future proof but I don't see any reason why the iPad 2017 won't be supported for a good 4-5 years. For games, media, and usage as a computer like device the pro is the better option. If just browsing and watching videos the 2017 is a great buy 
Yeah I've contemplated going up to 35s next time but I'd want to regear at that point and the 33s have don't everything I've asked of them so I'll probably stick with this size. I have plenty of time to think about it since it's my weekend toy and my tires are basically brand new 
I'll have to check my revs but I believe it's around 3000 when I'm up to speed. I'm drive fast. 75-80 if the speed limit is high enough. Mines an 02 so only a 5 speed manual. 
No worries. I found it odd too. 3.73 gearing. Speedometer is corrected. It's been a few months since I took a highway trip so might need to try again soon. Just been my observations that I tend to get fewer miles to the tank if highways are involved. I'm kinda curious to do a dedicated drive just to test now lol 
Thank you. Work in progress but almost there 
Not the most accurate but most of my driving is in town and get about 205 miles per tank. Best I've gotten on a all interstate trip to the beach was 185. My math was a bit off. Closer to 12.5-13 but it's definitely worse on the highway. Not sure if it's a combo of aerodynamics, revs, and just pulling bigger tires. 
Actually a lot recently because I just fixed her and got the soft top on so I've been going a bit crazy lol. [Couple shots](https://imgur.com/gallery/htYbg) from yesterday. 
I saw that. Don't think it'll be quite what I envisioned but will definitely be enough to convince me to get the switch. 
Ever since I was a kid I imagined a Mario 64 style Pokémon game. It's been 20 years and I'm still patiently waiting. One day...
For reference I have a 3.5" lift with 33s on my TJ and I get about 14 mpg in town and 11 highway
Hey, just wanted to say thanks for the advice. I had given up on the idea of replacing the hydraulics myself based on some research until you commented. Ended up swapping it all out today and so far she's back up and running. If you're ever in Raleigh I owe you a few beers. 
I've found that I'm the only one who actually prefers the software buttons. Always had nexus phones and on the only Samsung phone I had I rooted and added software keys. Only phone where a physical key has given me problems was the home button on my iPhone 6. Was replaced under warranty so no big deal but I'm a fan of fewer physical buttons. Love what they did with the home button for the 7 but I'm stoked for the new iPhone. 
You can easily get a good road bike or tri bike new for under $3000. My road bike (Felt AR5) was $2500 new which is a great middle ground between a true road bike and tri bike since it has a reversible seat post to make the seat tube angle steeper if you want to throw on the clip on aero bars (also see Cervelo S2). I was able to piece together my tri bike (Giant Trinity composite) with race wheels for $2600 from gently used parts so if you know basic bike maintenance I'm a big fan of that route. In the end it depends on what your looking to do competitively. If you want to focus specifically on triathlons then I'd go for a tri bike since it will be faster for you on race day. You'll still be significantly faster than your current setup and will be more comfortable at first with better handling and usually more acceptable in group rides if you're into that kind of thing. 

[My bikes for reference](https://i.imgur.com/1sGdnwS.jpg)
Can't comment specifically for the 920 but what I've had work for my 735 is to go into the Garmin app, remove the device, reconnect, and then sync through the app. Last time I tried this it synced all the missing activities. Not sure if this will help but worth a shot. 
Not that I'm aware of but if it's possible I'm sure someone will correct me. Only way I was able to achieve multiple times or based on certain actions (connected to Bluetooth, certain wifi, etc) was when I jailbroke and used tweaks for them. 
Are you getting passed on the run due to fatigue or are you just not as good of a runner as you are a cyclist? If it's fatigue than a tri bike will help. Many people focus on your hip angle between a tri bike and road bike but it usually relates to slapping clip on aero bars to a road bike vs a tri bike where your hip angle closes a bit on a road bike due to the seat tube angle. With a proper fit your hip angle should be similar on a tri bike and a road bike so you're using the same muscles to propel yourself so it comes down to aerodynamics. On the tri bike your definitely more aero so you need less power to maintain the same speed and reserve energy for the run or use the same power for more speed and get further ahead in the run. 

If you're just not as strong of a runner then improving in the run is definitely beneficial since strong runners tend to have the advantage especially in longer course. Hope this helps a bit. 
This is built into iOS. Go to Settings/Do Not Disturb/Scheduled. From here you can set a timeframe where they will not receive any alerts. You can even dictate that only favorites can be heard, or only while the phone is locked, etc. Hope this helps. 
Probably not common but I do a lot of bike riding and always carry my phone in my jersey pocket and in some of my jerseys my 6s+ just doesn't fit at all or I'm worried it might fall out. I have an old 5s that I switch over to when I ride since I definitely want my phone for emergencies and don't have to worry or check my pocket to make sure my phone is still there. I also like to use it when I'm out at the lake on the off chance I drop it in the water since I'd much rather lose the 5s if I was so unfortunate. 
Damn auto correct 
Yeah this would've been handy the other day when I needed to check if my Jeep would fit into my GFs garage and she doesn't have a tape measure. Don't wanna limp it's busted ass all the way there just to have to turn back around. 
I feel ya there. The HED stickers are starting to wear down on mine so I think I'm gonna go on AliExpress and get some replacements with a blue outline to the white or maybe just the blue outlines alone to match my bike color scheme 
Thanks. I'll give it a shot. 
Yeah I taught myself how to do a backflip on the trampoline but never tried on the ground for many years. In high school our cheerleading team (not school team) needed guys and were letting them join for free so I said why not. Learned the first day that a back tuck literally meant "tucking" the legs. I was so used to trampolines and diving boards and flipping laid out and didn't think about the whole not being able to jump as high off the ground thing. They told me to jump and tuck my knees with my hands and I was amazed that you just automatically rotate. I over rotated and landed flat on my ass (spring floors). If not for that training I would've done exactly what is shown in this clip. 
I hear ya. I just picked up the new iPad pro so I'm gonna have to figure out how to justify paying probably the same price for the new phone lol 
I see what you're saying but at this point we're closer to the release of the new one than the 7(+). Nothing wrong with the phone and my 6s+ is still rocking like a champ but I'll be replacing it this fall because I like new stuff. There's just so much speculation that this is going to be a big year for the iPhone and the 7(+) have a bit of a tired design. If we knew it would just be a normal "s" series bump then yeah, go for it but I wouldn't want to regret not waiting this close to the release if my current phone was working ok. 
Not a very technical answer but my gf used her 6 for over a year with a few cracks across the screen and as shitty as she treats her phones I'd say if her screen didn't fall out the chances are likely that you'll be ok. That being said, it would drive me absolutely nuts. I cracked my screen once and I got it replaced the soonest I possibly could and mine wasn't even on the screen, just around the ear piece. If you don't want to spend the money right now to replace it a screen protector should add a little security to keep it tight if you're worried about it. 
Yes to both. We're pretty in the dark as to what Apple is doing this year so there's the chance they release a refreshed SE and if not then I would think the price of the current one will drop a bit. 
Whenever I sell mine I always have it looked over by people I know and keep the report with me to show. Potential major problems I will fix because I don't want to "intentionally" sell someone a ticking time bomb. If they pay for it I know whatever they paid off the total price. 
I've sold my fair share of vehicles (and bought) and I always list them at the high end of what they're worth with the assumption I will get low balled. I mean I do the same thing when I'm buying so I get it but I guess I'm fortunate I know more about vehicles than the average consumer. I have a hard number of what I expect to get out of it but list higher on the off chance someone wants to pay it. Never got the listed price but I've also never paid more than what I think a vehicle is worth. 

Note for first time Craigslist buyers (or equivalent). Always pay to have the car looked over by a mechanic you trust or a local specialist for that kind of vehicle. Costs ~$100 up front but can save you thousands in the long run. Small things like tire cupping are things that most people miss but can force you to buy new tires sooner than expected or even worse a flat that can cause more damage. 
Well yeah. I had to replace my mirrors because they would fall down from road vibration so they were just there for legal reasons. So glad I can check beside/behind me without having for fully turn around
Most states require at least the driver side mirror along with the rear view
Not sure. I need to look more into iOS 11 to be honest. I hope so because it would lighten my daily load of things to carry
Exactly. I have a surface pro 3 and now a iPad pro 10.5" with pencil and while I will use the iPad 95% of the time I still need a full PC for work. I actually got the pro and pencil because I use Evernote for everything in my notes for work and it doesn't support the surface pen on Windows and not to mention it's just quicker and easier to carry the ipad around. Generating word documents from my companies portal, editing them, and sending them to coworkers or customers is just easier with a PC. Guess I could do it with the ipad but it would be rough and take more than twice as long. 
If it helps I just bought the pro 10.5 last night and pencil because I was tired of using my Air 2 with a stylus (even good ones). Being able to rest my hand on the iPad when using the pencil is worth it by itself. Not possible with the non pro models so you end up doing this weird hover hand over the screen and it just doesn't work well. Hope this helps. 
As far as I know, no you cannot. I torrent with my Nexus 7 but for as long as I can remember it was not possible with iPad. Haven't checked in about a year so I'm sure someone will correct me if I'm wrong. 
I'm thinking about picking up a pro 10.5 today and will be upgrading from the Air 2. I agree mine still runs like a champ but I want cellular and the pencil for work. Gonna be expensive but I think it'll be well worth it in the long run. 
That's why I had to disconnect my Gmail and just use Inbox for it. I can't stand that many showing up on the badges and the mail app doesn't filter spam and promos like Inbox does. Well over 20k unread email in Mail but only says 10 on Inbox because it doesn't count the useless crap. 
Ah. Forgot about that one. Haven't been out there in almost 3 years. Bit more of a haul from Raleigh compared to Carolina beach 
I drive my company can all week but my wrangler all weekend. Feel like an idiot a few times Monday morning when I start my drives. 
Carolina Beach? Only one I've driven on but looking for others. 
Just a gif of how fast they'll do the bike leg.  
Yeah we're bad. As for SC though, I feel their pain. Without auto correct I would never be able to spell Chihuahua
I think I'd put money on TJs or XJs but yes, the pure popularity of JKs has to put it up there. 
Yeah I'm thinking about investing in one of those heavy duty lock boxes since I don't even lock my doors with the hard top on I do t keep anything in my Jeep but I take my faceplate off at night and lock it in the glovebox 
I really need to get out for one of their rides. I've been too lazy now that I travel for work. Mostly trainer rides in the hotel and one road ride on the weekends (usually solo). 
Nah man. Definitely lights. /s
It is but a majority of the people in the US don't even know what it is but Verizon has the best overall coverage and that's what they use. Those same people are also just going to go directly to the Verizon store to get a new phone so if it's not there then it won't get bought. I know he US isn't the world but it's a huge market for flagship phones so not making it compatible with Verizon or Sprint basically cuts over half the users as a possibility. 
Shit. I was unaware of this. I'm away from home and my top is still on 
Awesome. Thanks for the info. Wishful hoping I never have to use it but I know the reality lol 
Gotcha. Thanks. I'll look into it. Mines an 02 wrangler so not sure if those got anything fancy 
Not yet. Still working on getting all the chrome hinges and crap replaced with black ones and keep running into problems. Somewhat given up on doors at this point since the new bolts don't fit in the loops on the frame so I have to sand them down. I estimate by 2020 I'll have it looking the way I want lol 
What year did they start doing this and for all models? No check engine lights right now but for see it in the future. 
Raleigh
My dad carried me on one of those when I was a kid and I'm only mildly disfigured.... Joking aside from what I remember he never had any problems and only stuck with the greeways while I was on the back and did his own riding on the road. 
Nice, I need to get there soon. Only about an hour away
True, and that's what I'm planning to do with mine along with some neoprene seat covers. 
Only downside is, like most if the southeast, it's warm enough to go topless and doorless most if the year but rain is a common occurrence. No big deal if it's a weekend warrior but not ideal for a DD. 
Yeah I was thinking about one of those before I took my current job which gave me a car. At that point I wanted something cheaper that I wouldn't mind banging up a bit in the woods. Ended up with an 02 wrangler. Not as fancy but a basically bomb proof 4.0L in it and nothing like taking the doors and top off. 
I was looking for an older off roader to play around with now that I have a company car. My dream is an old land cruiser but I wasn't about to shell out $9k+ for something with 300k miles on it. Wasn't so much worried about the motor just didn't wanna think about the body work and other components that would be rusted or corroded. Wasn't much different with 4Runners and Tacos. Maybe one day 
Right. You buy one of those knowing you'll be rebuilding it. 
Shit at 120k you just warmed it up. I finally traded in my 96 accord (in 2012) with 250k and it was running strong. Those and Camry's never die 
I agree. The 7(plus) feels closer to the "s" version of the 6s(plus) compared to the 6(plus) to 6s(plus). Waterproofing and the lack of the physical home button is nice though. 
Only complaint I had was the 1GB of RAM. I use my phone a lot so the constant refreshing of the apps and web pages was annoying. Other than that it's a solid phone still. I gave mine to my mom and it is great for her. Only other thing I'd "complain" about is now that I'm used to force touch I can't go back but if she's never had it then it's no big deal. 
My #1 and #2 played games ever in Pokémon and Halo. Only other one that comes close is Super Smash 64. 
Same debate I'm having 
Well fuck. Now I need this. Did you paint it yourself or get it somewhere?
Luckily they already have the lockers. That's gonna be the one I'll have the most trouble justifying when the time comes. Not from a practicality standpoint but just cost. 
What bumper is that? Do you like it? It looks very similar to the one I'm planning to order as soon as I get my commission check. 
Even with that screen size it would be too small for my personal liking (6s+ now) but if the same concept were to be added to the 7s/8/wtf middle size I'd probably go back to it. Prefer the smaller phone but love the bigger screen. 5.1"-5.2" screen was kinda the sweet spot for me on android phones. 
I'm waiting for the next commission check (any day now) to get a soft top. Don't want to have the hard top off all the time because spring in NC is about as rainy as Seattle. 
Gotta be getting close for you. I just got my mirror relocating kit so as soon as I install them I'm taking the doors off for the rest of summer down here in NC. 
I was in your boat a couple months ago. I was looking for $5000 or less and found basically the same as what everyone is saying. I have a company car so this was a second vehicle for me but I didn't want to get into a money pit. I decided it would be better peace of mind if I took the $5000 I was going to put into it and put it down at a used dealership for something that was well kept. Ended up with a 2002 Sahara for $10k and I'm just going to pay off the rest within the first year. Granted I don't know what your financial situation is but I could justify it just to know there were no major repairs that were needed right from the get go. 
[Cervelo](http://mx.cervelo.com/en/engineering/ask-the-engineers/hydration-and-aerodynamics.html) did a study on aerodynamics and hydration. Granted this will be minimal on a sprint but a horizontal bottle in between the aero bars reduces drag compared to no bottle so I always have one there and just put a bit of water in there to take a swig if I feel I need it. 
lol. Yeah I live right there on the border of Raleigh and Cary and I know our neighborhood isn't set up for it. Plenty of time to look around for me at least. 
God I can't wait to move in a few months to take advantage of that. It will be a requirement for my next place. 
I knew it did but was pleasantly surprised when it didn't cause any problems when I deleted it in settings. Thought a blank keayboard would pop up or something but it works great. 
True. Once I put Gboard as the first one in my list in settings and deleted the stock one it seemed pretty consistent. Rarely I would see the emoji come up and the stock one still comes up for passwords even though it was deleted. 
Yeah Gboard is by far the least buggy of the third party ones I've used but you're right, it's just not quite as snappy as the stock one. 
I honestly really hope they'll add swipe texting to the stock keyboard. I love Gboard but would love for the stock one to have the functionality. Unless there is a patent problem I'm amazed it hasn't already been implemented 
Thanks. I have an impact and a should have any other tools I would need. I didn't think about taking the roll bar off but that makes sense. I was just thinking the "floor" but wasn't thinking that the carpet covers much more. Mines an 02 with bot much wear (from what I see) so hopefully the snags along the way should be minimal. 
I literally just got on this sub to look up people who have don this. How much did it cost? I really wanna do it for the summer 
Thanks. I can't wait. Such a pain to get it off now and won't even attempt it by myself. 
I fully intend to do this when I buy a house next year. Would love to keep mine off now but just don't have the space with three roommates sharing one garage. Is yours just 4 straps from the ceiling? Any pulleys?
Where are you located? I see them for sale all over here in the Carolinas 
Jesus. It was 90 here in NC today. I keep forgetting places still have snow. Awesome picture 
I was about to say, Halo CE (or Halo 2) should definitely be up there somewhere. It was single handedly the reason many of my friends and myself had an XBox over PS2. 
I had literally never thought of this lol. I only ever pull into the garage for oil changes and tire rotations. I was planning to get a roof rack for my TJ and I would've learned something the hard way
I drive a caravan for work. I find myself waving sometimes after driving the Jeep all weekend
Wait, it's not a nose?
Back in high school I would've hated to have a van. Now having one it would've been fucking awesome back then
Good luck. My dad is out there with you. I'll be back for the fall race. Not in swim shape right now. 
Those are snow balls 
Love Get Shorty
I will say some girls love it but I also have a lifted wrangler so it does well too. Either way the GF like them both for differemt reasons. People who know me know I hate kids  so the van is for drunks and puppies 
Lol thanks. When I got hired I was given a fully loaded caravan to drive around. Then I got my bank and had to close my own doors. Shit, my tailgate can barely hold up my bike rack. I know they can be nice but it's pawns in the company don't get them. I figured the Pacifica could only be so bad though compared to the caravan
The lowest possible. They're fleet vehicles. We usually get them replaced at 85k miles. I was the last ones in my company to get a caravan last March and it was bare bones. I've been begging for a RAM van with a cummins so I can power my machines in the van plus it'll last much longer than the 3.6
I think that's the big part. Jeep put the black contrast on the headlights and other features that really made the white "pop" which makes all the difference to me
It's the most convenient vehicle for my work since I have to carry around large machines and the stow-away feature for the caravan is awesome. Plus it's what the company gives me lol. It is super convenient for carrying all the friends and golf clubs for the beach trips so can't complain about that
Ah. You are correct. I had a 2011 grand Cherokee and assumed they had the same transmission since they had the same motor. Either way it struggles with the constant 1000+ lbs in the back for work but oh well. It's been a great vehicle for personal use. Whether I'm moving or carrying friends down to the beach for a golf weekend. It's been up to the task
True 
You have a skewed view of what we get for company cars. I'm amazed I have Bluetooth on a 2016 dodge caravan. We get the bottom of the line options. Just needs to get us from A to B. And I'm a Mopar fan but that 5 speed transmission with that 3.6 motor is complete shit. 35k miles on it and it's already struggling 
I mean I'll take it but you ever been a single man with a mini van as your only vehicle? Convenient but not super fun to drive
I don't enjoy driving but I do enjoy it more with a manual 
I'll admit, It's fucking awful when you're in traffic but after 13 years of driving manual it's second nature to me so I hardly notice. 
Lol. Mostly because I actually enjoy doing my own maintenance and I've never had a problem with a manual transmission. Had problems with the only auto transmission I ever had 
I'll never prefer anything automatic and definitely not this
Oh great. The car I'll be getting as a work vehicle soon. 
I never liked white vehicles until the WK2 (specifically 2014 and later) and the black wheels make it even better. I miss my red one. 
He seems like it. If I ever can't watch the game I can almost visualize it because of his reactions. Always know what there is a big hit or amazing play
I love those guys. I watch the game on mute but listen to them sometimes. No clue what they are saying but they get so pumped up and I love it. It's hard to top Eugene Robinson's enthusiasm but they do it. 
Thats it. That was gonna drive me nuts. Thanks. 
I feel like I've heard this line before from a comedian?
a running start?
Not just you. I passed 5 JKUs on my way to work today and none waved back. By the 4th one I was just cursing all JKU owners. I've cooled off. I still love y'all haha
Just watching the screen and the loading bar move slowly and just hoping like hell it reaches the end and boots up. Why we do this with our daily drivers is beyond me but it was fun. 
Woo Hoo for Wrightsville Beach!!!
I hear ya. [Mine](http://i.imgur.com/zalr4Cy.jpg) is focused on triathlon in general with the little 140.6 since mine technically wasn't Ironman branded at the time. 
I like it. I told myself if I ever qualify for Kona I'd get a themed one on my calf. Not likely to happen but something to shoot for I guess 
Unless it got taken down it is available to listen to on youtube. I have a copy now but the first time I listened to it while I was driving for work. 
The WK2 is pretty solid. I had a 2011 and with some KOs it did very well off road and I kept up with JKUs and such in sand and light trails. When it got tight the size was an issue but mine was a base Laredo so I would say a limited with Selec-Terrain would be very capable. My TJ now is far more capable but some of the features in the WK2 (hill descent specifically) would be a welcome addition. I'm no expert off road but after trying that in my friends Overland I was sold on that one. 
Idk if it's the angle but those look bigger than 30" tires. Looks great though. A 2 door Cherokee is my first memory of Jeeps back in 98 when I was a kid. My family vacationed in CO and we rented one and went on some local trails. Was set on buying one until I got my wrangler. 
While that is true, as an NC State fan I can say he definitely liked the TEs while in college as well. Granted I assume this has more to do with the system he was under because State always had decent receivers for him. I've always liked Glennon. Don't think right now he's a permanent solution but he does have talent so I'm excited to see what he can do. 
A game that was ultimately lost because of the complete and utter fuck up known as Chris Conte. 
Best color out there. I miss my old 2011. Favorite vehicle I've owned. Someday I will get another. 
I'll wait for some reviews but you might see mine on there lol 
I'll admit it does feel flimsy but I put it through the ringer and it has held up well for 4 months. Only thing I'm envious of now is the longer battery life. Guess ill just have to be faster in ironman 
I've been anywhere from 5'9"-6'0" depending on the doctor I see. 
5'11" here. I've never felt like I'm short while out and about but compared to my friends I am the shortest outside of one who is 5'9". During his wedding he had all the groomsmen line up shortest to tallest and I was first (of 8) with the tallest being 6'6". I would just love to say 6'0", 5'11" is such a tease 
Please
[Please](https://goo.gl/images/xrUISn)
Exactly. This most recent time I went shorter than normal. Took some getting used to but after a few days it filled out and looked normal. 
I had a guy that did a phenomenal job trimming mine up but sadly he moved away and his replacement did a bang up job butchering my beard. I learned to trim it myself at home. It takes me a while since I'm so slow and meticulous with it but I can shape it however I want now. 
I use a smaller version if [this](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01G5B069C/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_9G8YybYXGYZ5Q) and I drive all over for work so I'm constantly on either Google maps or Waze. I can't recommend Anker enough with white amazing performance and great warranty if you even need it. 
I use chrome primarily since I use it on my other windows and Android devices so it's nice to have the history and tabs sync. I always hear that Safari is faster on iOS but I guess I just don't see it in my usage. Safari freezes more often than chrome when I use it but it does have ad blocker which is nice. 
[Good good](https://imgur.com/a/9jrG6)
Looks like those will fit your Jeep based on the stalking of your profile I just did. [These](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B000COCTWG/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_tai_Pr7YybWPXEPD6) are the ones I got but I have a TJ so it's a different lamp housing. 
The stock lights should be illegal they're so bad. If you want a simple, cheap solution the Sylvania Silverstars are so much better. I actually feel safe driving on back country roads with them and they're only $24/light. That said, I'll get LEDs eventually because they do look awesome. 
Not much of a problem in the Carolinas (other than the beaches). I'm slightly biased to NC since I live here but I admit I am jealous of SC's higher average temperature during the winter. Although NC gives us at least a taste of snow every year. 
Damn. I was in Wilmington yesterday morning and it was coming down pretty good there. Drove back home to Raleigh where it was cold but sunny. Crazy weather 
A land cruiser is something I will have eventually. Just too expensive for a decent shape one right now. Have a TJ for the time being but saw an old land cruiser on the beach today and dang it looked good. Would love a more modern one with all the space for overlanding
Ok. I'm already on 3.73 so that gives me a little more confidence
Did you regear at all? I have 33s on my TJ now with a 3.5" lift but considering jumping to 35s when the time comes for new ones. 
Yeah I went nuts. Luckily I was living in Charlotte at the time so not many packers fans around here. I don't remember what I broke but I know I broke something 
I'll admit, I did the same. I had another response written and just said fuck it. Wasn't worth my time and effort. 
It seems to be that way. My dad used to always point out players that are superstars and say "he used to play for the Bears". And I would ask why we would let someone that good go? To which he almost always replied "he didn't play that well when he was with us". Guess we're just cursed 
[This. It hurts to watch](https://youtu.be/YXq8C5sbRzU)
They were a ~~few points~~ Conte fuckup away from a Superbowl 
We're not down voting Sid Luckman, we're down voting you retard. Yeah Sid Luckman is in the HOF but with honestly mediocre stats even for pre passing era. Not to mention he played during the war and before black guys were playing so it's not even a remotely fair comparison. Cutler's stats were about as good as one could expect with the personal surrounding him during his stay here. 
Like other have said, check the used market. There are a lot of people who buy fancy bikes and just never get into it and then sell them for a fraction of the price. Back in 2013 I picked up a barely used 2011 Raleigh Revenio 3.0 with carbon fork, seat post, and Shimano 105 groupset for $700. Rode it for a few years before upgrading. Would've kept it if it weren't for the fact it was slightly too big for me. Key is to determine what size you need and look around. If you don't feel comfortable with it many local bike shops will get you sized up and often have used bikes as well. Feel free to message me if you decide to go that route and have any questions. I bought my road bike new from a shop but after learning more I pieced together my tri bike from used parts saving me quite a bit of money. 
Don't have a new wrangler but I have a 16 caravan with the same Uconnect system and can confirm its shit. Crutchfield.com is a great place to look for aftermarket stereos. Can get as fancy as you want. I just replaced the speakers and stock stereo in my 02 Sahara last weekend and they provide everything you could possibly need and amazing support if you have any questions. I opted for a marine rated JVC with Bluetooth and so far so good Their support actually saved me from buying unnecessary speakers that would have taken me all weekend to install and would've made little difference. Can't recommend then enough. 
I think it's because there is a slightly larger gap between the rear fender flare and tire compared to the front?
The next Brady 
I've always hated Dilfer because that fuck gave the bears so much shit and kept saying things like they can't just rely on defense. I'm like "dude, did you forget how you got that fucking ring?". Guess he never looked up his own career stats 
If the pro is out of your budget then I'm going to assume any new successor to the Air 2 will be as well. I have an Air 2 and use it every si for day for work and entertainment. It performs 90% of my work needs but I have a surface pro for the rest of the tasks it can't handle. It could technically do almost everything with the iPad but it would just require a bit of finagling with Microsoft office and saving things to the cloud in order to get what I need. A true PC just makes it easier for that. As for performance, I have yet to see any diminishing performance running the latest iOS and foresee it continuing this way for at least a couple more years. The Air 2 is a bit old at this point though so obviously he latest and greatest will be a bit more future proof but again I haven't seen any problems in day to day usage. Also, if you can swing it I would recommend upgrading to at least 64GB. 16 just isn't much if you use it as a media device. 
I mean if I had zero commitments and was in need of a job I'd probably consider making the move temporarily. And no offense to the Midwest states (and I've lived there) but anyone who seriously suggests moving there at the drop if a hat has never been literally anywhere else in this country. I had a good opportunity to move back there (granted more central IL this time) but tested the job market and found one that kept me in the southeast. Much prefer it over here. 
Wow I didn't realize how small Switzerland is. Definitely not a fair comparison between the two. Hell 41 of our States are larger than their country. Just my state of NC alone is ~3.5 times the size and I have to drive across it weekly for work and ts not too bad. 
I had a friend in high school who was from a very wealthy family. I remember his dad pulled up in an M3 he had literally just bought. It was a manual and he just learned that day just to get it home. He decided that day he didn't like manual so he converted it to an automatic. I never trusted any if his decisions ever again. 
I almost called my black TJ Betty. Went with Tanya instead
Yep. Plan on making some trips this summer. I'm coming in town for the azalea triathlon and I Ave a friend with a place in Carolina beach who has a JKU Sahara so we'll have some fun that weekend. 
Where at? Gonna be heading to Wilmington in a few weeks and plan to go out on Carolina beach while I'm down there
Kinda is. My GF didn't believe me and I drive 12 miles on the interstate and I told her to look at it every couple minutes. Noticeable difference in position
Love that color (and the bike in general). Could've gotten one a few years back but my stumpy legs and long torso just didn't fit right. 
Yeah that was a shocker for me when I finally got my wrangler. Worse mpg on the highway. I was watching my fuel gage go down as I was driving only 30 miles away 
I literally saw a cheaper wrangler on my drive home from the dealership when I bought mine a few weeks ago. That wave crashed hard. 
Yeah I use the front brake mostly too but I guess I'm just accustomed to it being on the left. Plus I like that I'm shifting the rear derailleur while I'm braking so I'm not having to play that shifting game after going through a sharp turn. 
Interesting. Learned something new. Figured the brakes were a fairly universal configuration. 
Not sure about this one but my gas cover locks and if you don't lock it the cover won't fully close so you're forced to lock it. Kind of annoying actually. Probably gonna replace it in time but it was on the Jeep when I bought it. 
I have an Air 2 I use daily for work/entertainment and I recently upgraded my 6 to a 6s plus. I recently tried typing on my friend's 5s (I was pretty drunk) and just gave up. Idk how he uses it with his big ass bear claws he calls hands. 
Yeah there was a way to do this in the early days of the GS4. I got it on launch day and within a week I had it has a GPE device. Loved it so much more than TouchWiz but sadly I dropped it and had to replace it and by that point Samsung had patched up the exploit allowing me to do it again. 
Anything that has CREE on it has to mean something. They're a highly reputable company. Glad I came across your link though. I've been looking for a set of LEDsfor when my Sylvania's run out. These look really good without having to spend a fortune. 
TrainerRoad. I usually use the iPad for Netflix or Ironman Kona videos while I use my Surface Pro for TrainerRoad but my hotel today had a smart TV so I logged into my Netflix on the big screen and used the iPad for TrainerRoad. 
Oh yeah. I used them on one ride and they were out of true. Luckily I had my American Classics from my first road bike and just put them on. Nothing special but they are bomb proof. I put the Felt ones on my old Raleigh and sold it to my friend who was just starting out cycling. 
Not sure I fully understand what you're asking? As in the reminder notification is on the lock screen and when you open your phone and then lock it again it's still there? Maybe a screen shot of an example? 
Love the red bar tape. Ultegra groupset is the next upgrade on the list for me. Idk how you use that stock saddle though. That was the first thing to go for me. 
Lol. I always request first floor to minimize the noise complaints. I though hotel carpet was just an oversized towel for sweat /s?
All Verizon iPhone since the 5(s?) are unlocked. If I were you I would just call Sprint (or post on r/sprint) and say you you acquired a Verizon 5s and ask if it will work. According to their site it should. If I were home I would test it and pop my roommate's Sprint sim into my phone and see if it worked. You could also try that if you have any friends with Verizon that would let you test for peace of mind.
You mean if you're on your phone and it's time for a reminder you set you want it to appear on the screen? Like a banner or in the middle? For this you can go to Settings_Notifications_Reminders and select the alert style when unlocked. Looks like banner is the only option. I vaguely remember being able to choose either banner or a message on the middle of the screen like in older iOS versions. They may have taken that away recently though. 
Google Inbox for personal and the stock app for work. If I could I would use Inbox for work too. I'm sure others have adapted a lot of the features that drew me to Inbox in the first place (Snooze, separating "junk automatically", etc.) but I've been using it so long that I don't care. Plus it's cross platform and has a browser interface so I can check it anywhere. 
Basically like u/cactusjuices said but I'll throw my 2 cents in since I just went through the process a week ago. If I were to be using it as a daily I would be looking for newer within the factory warranty if budget allows. If not I would look into the TJs since they're still "newer" than the YJ and the 4.0 is a solid motor and would aim for under 100k miles if possible. Again, for a daily I would also aim for something that has not been modified at all. Not that they can't be reliable but lifts and bigger tires will add extra stress on the drivetrain over time. I was personally looking for a weekend warrior since I have a company car for everything else so I looked at a few Craigslist jeeps for cheaper and they all tended to have a few obvious problems that would cost a few grand to get up to prime condition. I ended up upping my budget a bit and went to the dealership I've delt with before and even though I was looking for stock I ended up with one that was lifted and with bigger tires. I like this dealership because I know many of them and they did the full run through on the Jeep and I checked the lift and components myself as well and it was pretty clear it had been lifted for looks and hadn't seen much (if any) off roading. I'm still going to replace the transfer case and differential fluids before I take it off road just as a precaution. The risk you take with a individual seller is that you don't really know what you're getting into which is why it's always good to pay to have a shop look at it or if you have a knowledgeable friend. There's always something that can be improved with older vehicles but as long as it doesn't have to be fully rebuilt you should be ok. Hope this kind of helps. 
Some may laugh but I love standard poodles. My dad is horribly allergic to shedding dogs so we've had a few miniature poodles and they were great. I'd personally rather have s bigger dog so it's best if both worlds really if I could take it over to their place without messing him up. Only problem is how much they cost. That's valuable Jeep upgrade money. 
Exactly. Basically a self cleaning vehicle. Genius! Wonder why every car doesn't offer this... /s
Yeah I think they are going to be an investment this summer when the top and doors come off. Was planning to get some anyways just for the dog hair.
The only defense I have for leather is it tends to be easier to clean and quicker to dry if you get caught in the rain. That said, I hate leather seats and will gladly take my cloth ones and spend more time cleaning. 
To be honest the only reason I got the 735xt was because it looks like a decent digital watch and I wear it all day. The 920 has most of the same features (some better) but I just love the size, lower profile, and look of the 735. Plus I have an edge 500 specially for my bike so no need for a quick release kit. If only using for training/racing I would probably go for the 920 IMO 
Reasons I'm a triathlete 

1) my 200m splits per 50 are barely faster than my 1500m splits
2) the run is the only thing that allows me to catch up 
3) can snack on the bike 
Yeah they like to live the glory days from 20 years ago. Hard to deny how good they were but yeah we're both on the struggle bus right now. 
Nice. Polar opposite to mine. What year?
That hurts. I live in NC now so most of my friends are braves fans and they give me shit about how bad the Sox are. I get to remind them that the Sox have won much more recently than the Braves have. They seemed to have forgotten too. Now we both suck so we just drink together and wait for one of our teams to not suck (Bears, Panthers, Hurricanes, NC State).
I'm trying to make a conscious effort to remember that I'm driving a wrangler now so I don't forget to wave. If you see me in Raleigh and I don't wave it's because I forgot what I was driving and I apologize
Thanks. I've always kind of liked it too. My gf in high school had a 99 Sahara that was literally the white version of mine and I've loved the look ever since. 
I'm in Raleigh NC. Uwharrie isn't too far away
I'm searching around town trying to find something to make it dirty. I'll find something soon though. 
Yeah wouldn't be my first choice but it was all there when I got it. Might get replaced in due time but for now I couldn't be happier. 
Hey now. What's wrong with the minivan? Jk. My company car is a caravan and it's super convenient but damn it was soul crushing having it as my only vehicle so I picked up a TJ this weekend for the fun stuff. 
Exactly. My work van isn't anything special but it's free and convenient but not exactly the most fun vehicle for a 28 year old unmarried guy. 
Upon further research it looks like you are correct. God I can't wait to have this thing in my driveway. 
I could be wrong but from what I've read before, the TJ, XJ, and JK (maybe YJ?) can all start in first gear without pressing the clutch but only while in 4-lo. This is to help if you get into water deeper than you anticipated or rocks where you don't want to roll back too much. I plan to test this out with the TJ I just bought but thanks to my insurance being closed on Saturday I can't take it home until tomorrow. Will figure it out tomorrow. 
Thanks. Going to look at it now and if I like it and I can't find anything I'll going to schedule an appointment to take it in. 
Yeah that whole reading thing.... Obviously not my strong suit
Where in VA are you? I'm in NC and in the market for a Wrangler and my only requirements are 6 cylinder and manual trans. PM me if you might be interested. 
In a way it kind of is a lack of functioning. I'm a good example. I've been making good money since I got out of college, saved great for the first two years, paid off my student debt, and still had $8k in the bank. Now instead of continuing on that train after my loans were paid off I decided I could live it up a bit and just ignored how much I actually had. Next thing I know, I checked my account and I had $80. Nobody's fault but my own, just being financially irresponsible but luckily I was in a position to dig myself out of it. Took a while but I'm back to a better place now and it was a good learning experience. 

Found the actual quote so hopefully it sounds better than my butchering. "There is a difference between being poor and being broke. Broke is temporary. Poor is eternal" - Robert Kiyosaki (*Rich Dad Poor Dad*). Don't fully agree that poor is eternal since some get out but it's certainly tougher
Can't remember which book I read that said it but they compared the difference between being "poor" and being "broke". Poor is a state where you have nothing and don't currently have any way out of it. Broke is basically low income or you are shit with money so you never have any extra money in the bank. 
Yeah that's my biggest worry when I see a CJ on CL for under $5k. Just don't know what I'd be getting into. 
Very nice. It looks great. I think the reason I still haven't pulled the trigger on anything yet is because I can't decide on what I want and I always find a CJ-5(7) that gets me thinking it might be worth a slightly larger project. Looking at a TJ sometime this week. and a 5 speed cherokee this weekend. I think that should help me better decide. 
That is gorgeous. FL is in my territory for work. Might need to find a reason to get down there. Problem would be getting it back to Raleigh. Hmm
Where was this? I swear I saw this exact Jeep on Craigslist a couple months ago. I wish I would've pulled the trigger on it
Yeah I have a nexus 7 so I only have 6.0 at this point so I haven't played with nougat yet but looking into some custom Roms now 
ESPN app is probably the biggest one. I get score updates all the time and I do t always open them up but if I open the app later it should clear from the notification center but they stay there. Snapchat is another one. If I get say 5 snaps and I open one from the lock screen it'll clear that one but leave the others even though I'll watch all of then while I'm in the app. I can't remember how my Nexus handles grouping notifications so it may not be by app but it was a lot more organized in iOS 9 when they did it that way. 
Notifications are a mess in iOS. If I open an app from a notification on the lock screen or from the drop down I would expect it to disappear from notification center but it is hit or miss which apps actually dismiss them. If it were only third party apps I could kind of see but even stock apps do it. Also they changed it from grouping the notifications by app to time based so notification center is just a big cluster. 
Might have to. I haven't been there since 2010. I'm partial to snowbasin though myself. I looked to switch it up though
Oh when I was there it was the perfect conditions. 4 ft the week launch up and then 25 and sunny while I was there. Almost cancelled my Monday and Tuesday meetings to stay longer
I hear ya. My uncle lives in Vegas so he goes up to Brian head almost every weekend during the winter so I usually have someone to join me. My gf is also quite timid which is why I'd rather go local so she could go with my sister while I try to go and hurt myself on my own 
Eh. Reddit has its pros and cons on mobile but yeah I'd say windows is a bit better. Either way it's just a touch ID and tap on the app away rather than having to enter my password, pull up chrome, and then type it in. First world problems but I'm lazy
iOS 7-9 were basically the same but 10 is a little "bigger" and in your face. I still like it but I really like stock Android 6 and on and personally like Android as an OS better. I choose iOS for my daily simply because it's simplicity and battery life. And being able to go to a physical apple store if something ever does go wrong 
Thanks. I just went to deer valley last weekend (amazing). I went to sugar when I was like 12 (2001) so my memory of it is foggy. My gf wants to ski this year but I know she doesn't wanna pay to go out west with me so I'm looking into more local options. Still might go pack to SLC in March if I can justify it lol
I absolutely loved the form factor of my S4 but it was by far the worst Android experience I had. Granted it was a locked bootloader on Verizon and I liked tinkering so it seemed everything I did caused more problems. Self inflicted really but it was my only non Nexus device so I kinda swore off Samsung after that. 
Where do you go in NC? I've lived here since 2000 and have gone to a few places but none any good. Granted many were in college when we just did what was cheapest so not the best comparison. Wintergreen and snowshoe are usually my go to that's reasonably close. I usually fly out to SLC/Park City for a week every year to get my fix so I feel spoiled now 
I have a surface pro 3 and an iPad air 2 and unless I'm doing work related stuff that requires email/office/etc. I always reach for the iPad. Just quicker and easier to pull up a video or browse Reddit/imgur. Plus the battery on the iPad is unmatched. 
Ah I see. Yeah I only have a couple apps that require it so I don't run into that often. It is a bit annoying. Never had an Android phone with finger print scanner so didn't know it was any different. 
I'm not sure I follow? Are you taking about the "press home to unlock" message?
It was my senior year in HS. I've tried to forget. Still hold a grudge against Manning. And now that I'm in NC I've adopted the panthers as my second team and he crushed my dreams again last year. Granted last year wasn't really a Manning show but he was there 
Curious as to what problems you had. My 6 worked pretty well IMO and my 6s+ is damn near perfect. I'm sure the 7 is even better 
Another option that I just learned of last year are hard contacts you wear while you sleep. I was getting infections from debris getting under my contacts and I hate glasses so my eye doctor recommended them. Basically they're like retainers for your eyes and they correct your vision as you sleep and take them out in the morning. I've been using them for about 8 months now and highly recommend them. After 2 weeks of use I went in for a checkup and my vision was 20/20. These are what I have. Hope this helps. 

http://www.allaboutvision.com/crt/ 
Assuming it's like the shop I go to you can go in and just get a fit and they will be able to recommend good options for you. Obviously they'll try to push you towards one of their bikes but just be honest with them about your intentions. They're still getting paid for the service. Also, not sure how close you are with the guys at your shop but mine will help me find a used one. There are plenty of people who trade in old bikes when upgrading as well as many people in our club who usually upgrade often. 
No way around it other than jailbreak. It's similar to if you need to enter a password it'll revert back to the stock keyboard. Being on the lock screen means it's locked and therefore a security "risk" in the eyes of Apple. Not 100% sure about the 3 dots but I feel like I've seen before that it's just a bug. I see it too. 
All you really need is a simple digital watch in all honesty. I have a Garmin 735xt but that was a Christmas present. Before that I had an old 310xt. It was great for training for pacing and HR training but I only used it for racing 70.3 or longer and even then I ignored most of the data I was receiving. A watch is nice for swim training so you can keep track of your place and breaks if your pool doesn't have a clock. Again, nothing fancy needed. Nice watches and other toys are great but not required for triathlon. It really is a simple sport. 
Nice ZJ but fuck that is a sexy SRT. My buddy had a black one but red has always been my favorite for the SRT. 
Ha. Might have to get me one of those when I finally get my XJ. 
Yah I have an old Nexus 7 as my nightstand clock and I use "Ok Google" more often when I wake up and have a random thought over "Hey Siri". 
Yeah we're about to get some snow this weekend in Raleigh. I really wish I would've pulled the trigger on a YJ (or XJ still not decided) recently so I could play this weekend. 
Might be able to help with your question. I work for Starrett as a Metrology specialist for our vision/optical/force(materials) test stands and I work frequently with failure analysis guys. Look for quality control lab work or they might even be called Metrology labs. Most major companies have them (GE, Car manufacturers, medical companies, the list is endless). Any company based around science or engineering has to have failure analysis tests done before final production. My degree was EE and I wish I would've found some of these places right out of school because they are pretty awesome. If you're in the southeast look into Duke energy. They have one of the nicest labs I've been to out in Huntersville NC. Feel free to PM me if you have any other questions. Hope this helps. 
I'd almost be happy with getting back to 8-8. I live in NC now so I don't get to watch the bears as much as I'd like to but if they're at least performing I might get a couple games each year. This year was just painful with a lot of embarrassing prime time games. I'm looking forward to the draft but I honestly don't know what to expect for our first. We need a lot so where to start...
Did they drive through it? I'm not 100% on what I was watching there
~~Tremendous~~ **Yuuge** FTFY
Thanks. I'll give it a try
So stupid question. How do I do that. I've usually avoided iTunes unless for major backups or jailbreaking so I'm not super familiar with it. 
I just bought the 735xt and it's awesome. Pricey but low profile and I can wear it as a days to day watch. I was planning on getting the 920xt until I saw how small this one is 
As a bears fan in NC I agree that's the dumbest thing I've heard talking about cutting Cam. That said, the Bears would love to take him off your hands if they wanna make the biggest mistake ever. 
Same. My uncle lives in Vegas and I'm in NC. I fly out there usually once a year and we drive up to SLC for 4-7 days. Haven't been skiing out here in almost 7 years. Snow shoe in WV isn't bad but would rather just fly out west rather than drive 8 hours from Raleigh
I was born in northern IL and lived there until I was 10. Loved the snow we got there but now going back as an adult I definitely appreciate the warmer climate of the south. Shit it's 40 here now and that's getting to be too cold for me. 
I've been looking for an old beater 4x4 to play around with on Craigslist lately. I saw a wrangler that was almost perfect.... Until I saw they moved from Wisconsin. Luckily here in NC if we do have to salt it's back to 60s within a week before any real rusting takes place so still on the hunt. 
I'm sorry to hear that. Publix is awesome. We finally got one here in Rakeigh NC. Was feeling left out after I spent a couple weeks in FL but we're moving up in the world I guess 
If you're starting fresh I would probably go for Apple music because of the Siri integration. Spotify is nice because of the web browser playback and works very well across all platforms. I use a nexus tablet in my house for music with the Bluetooth speakers and when I get into my car I can just resume where I left off with ease. But if I didn't already have thousands of songs saved and playlists made in Spotify I would probably have gone with Apple music 
A little late but I've had good luck with swappa.com for used devices. Just got a 6s plus and am waiting for it in the mail but I've gotten a few tablets before and zero problems 
I have a good friend who is 5'8" and we joke about his height (nothing serious) but only because he's the shortest of us all. Definitely wouldn't say he's actually short though. Just compared to us really. At his wedding he lined us groomsmen up shortest to tallest (8 total) and I was the first at 5'11". Tallest being 6'7". 
Thank you so much for the reply. That's what I was looking for. I honestly get the same looks in my field (engineering) when I'm writing on my iPad because most of my colleagues are much older using a notebook so I probably look like I'm playing games. 
True but I always had my most used apps on one page and in folders if they were similar types (like games) and everything else was in the drawer. Even some custom commands to open up apps quickly like double tap the home screen to open Spotify. Honestly I could live with the grid if we had an app drawer on iOS but instead I just make a folder with all the rarely used apps and have to have a second screen so it's out of sight. First world problem but it's just a preference
Oh I can't wait to get back. Going in mid January. Itching to ski but it's still 70s here in NC
Did for me too... For a week. Now it's back to doing it. I'm just hoping it's a iOS 10 bug. Don't wanna upgrade my 6 just yet
Same thing with me. I couldn't send a picture from my phone and iPad (same Apple ID) but yet my boss was able to send a 16 minute video to my iPad but not either of my phones. Which threw me off because my iPad is wifi only and we were at a customer site where it wasn't connected to any network. Always thought they had to be on the same network to air drop but I was obviously wrong
Mine was doing this but would die at 18%. It also wouldn't charge past 93% for some reason. Unfortunately the only solution that worked for me was wiping and loading a backup. So far so good after 5 days
Shit. I evolved him as soon as he learned crunch. Still beat the game with him but didn't wanna look ahead too far. Oh well 
Yeah I have my van for work so I technically have my responsible vehicle for larger groups so a wrangler could work. But then I think "what if there's more than 2 of us going to the beach"? And the wrangler just wouldn't be enough space so I thought an XJ may be a happy medium 
Ive convinced myself at least 10 times that a YJ is too small for my needs but every time I see a clean one around I try to find a way to make it work 
Luckily mine was just for the temperature control. Speed one worked fine. Froze my ass off a few morning in the fall before I finally sold it for my grand Cherokee but oh well. 
My 96 accord was a pain in the ass too. Had to go under the dash on the passenger side. I knew I was getting rid of it eventually so I was too lazy to take it all apart. Luckily NC has fairly predictable climates so I just manually left it fully open or closed depending on the season
I imagine ZJs are probably even worse 
When was the last time y'all had heavy rain though? Jk. I see it all the time here though in NC. I make a habit of it but my new car turns the lights on automatically when the wipers are on 
I see. Thanks. Yeah I crossed my words there. It was somewhat clear in my head but not in the words I put down. Makes sense though and seems simple enough. Thanks again. 
Thanks for the detailed reply. I've been doing more and more research and understanding more and more of it but of course there's a lot of contradicting information out there. The sway bar disconnect was something I knew very little about until watching videos but now that all makes perfect sense. The lockers is something I keep goign back and forth with in my head and trying to get enough evidence to show what is better. I'm pretty convinced based on my research that I would probably just spend the extra on a selectable locker since snow will be something I use this is (although not much here in NC) but I'd rather it not be permanently affected in snow because of an automatic locker. I have read plenty of people say that they either get used to it or don't notice it in the snow but I'd rather just have the piece of mind to be able to turn it off and not think about it. Whether I'd start in the front or rear is still up for debate. I'm leaning towards front and would ideally have both but that can be done later down the road. 

The junkyard lift sounds awesome and I would love to do it but unfortunately I will not be installing everything at my house. For the bigger crap I will need the assistance of a friend who has the know how and proper tools for such a build and I don't want to take too much of his time since I'm basically paying him in beer lol. Maybe next time I'll give it a shot. 

Longer shocks I follow but could you elaborate more on the longer brake lines? I assume the stock ones are just long enough to reach at stock height so with longer shocks would mean needing to lengthen the brakes? I hadn't thought of that but I'm sure it would've become obvious while trying to install. 

In the beginning I don't really want to mess around with swapping the axles so would the stock ones (whatever they end up being) be strong enough to use 33s? That was kind of the main reason for leaning towards 31s because of some horror stories I read about the stock axles just not being enough so they swapped for a D44 or similar. This is an area where I am aboutely clueless because I can't just watch a video or diagram of it working. It just is or isn't it which would have to come from experience. I still think 31s would be more than sufficient for my needs but aesthetically I like the way 33s look on a cherokee so if it can work then I'd probably go for it. 

Thanks again for the reply. 

Yeah I had the Sprint variant. Wasn't much better but we did get another update. I would go for an Android phone from Apple
Just do the same thing in the south side any day. Downside is you have to get back out alive. 
Marketing mostly. Plus the S3 kind of revolutionized the size and features that a lot of users want. Many stick with what they know (eg iPhone) even though the rest have caught up or surpassed. 
Completely agree. I've had good and bad Android phones. Worst experience was the GS4 but the Nexus phones reminded me they can "just work" like an iPhone. I have an iPhone now but I prefer Android as an OS and will say I've had about my fair share of crashes with iOS. That said, if it does crash I load my iCloud backup from the previous night and within 30 minutes I'm back to normal like it never happened. Even with a nexus it's a bit more of a hassle than that and requires a little more know how. 
Was it a 96? It sounds like my 96. Sold mine in 2013 with good knows how many miles. The odometer/spedometer quit working my senior year in high school with 196k and I drove it for another 6 years after that. Finally fixed the A/C and window motors when I started working after college but never bothered with the spedometer. Such a great car. Kind of wish I would've kept it since I only got $800 for my trade in. 
Thanks for the response. I would kill for a manual but so far all I've found are old 2 doors (which I don't want), beat to shit, already modded, or over priced. Like I said, I'm in no real hurry so I'm hoping to get lucky in the upcoming months. 
God I really wanna get an XJ as a fun toy but I feel like there's no middle ground. Either they last over 300k or are dead by 150k and all the ones cheap enough to beat up are around that 150k. 
I'm going through this now trying to sell my car. I don't discuss price until they see it. I put it at KBB value but I know the tires need to be replaced within 6 months if it's a DD so I assume the final sale will be less than what I posted it for. Just want them to make an educated offer. 
As a die-hard Bears fan that was a very nice surprise on a risky click. 
I loved Sauerbrun. Was with the bears and then moved to the panthers the same time we moved to NC. That dude would jack some returners up. 
very possible. i turned my garmin to go off every 4 miles instead of every mile so I wouldn't obsess about it so I possibly was misjudging it since I was hurting quite a bit. 
Not sure I believe that. I did the full in 2014 and there was an aid station right after coming off the ramp from the bridge (mile 20) and right before the turn around so I think they're just using the storm as an excuse. But yeah I had to check my bottles every time I went over the tracks. I was expecting to be done with the bike in 2:30 but the wind kinda fucked me so I was only running with 2 bottles and I think that led to my breakdown on the run. And expecting an aid station every mile like in the past on the run was my fault for being unprepared but my legs were done at mile 8. 
Congrats. I was out there suffering with you. That ride out was brutal. I hope they can figure out a better system for T2 and getting our bikes and bags back. Before Ironman bought it everything was right there in the convention center and so much easier. I assume the increased volume of athletes makes that impossible now but it was still a bit of a hassle. There also used to be more frequent aid stations on the bike and run course so that caught me off guard. Guess I'll prepare better for that next time. Congrats again and hope to see you out there in the future to get some redemption on that bike course. 
Ironman NC? I saw this there yesterday. Made me giggle at a time where my legs were pretty much done. 
Holy shit. Thanks for this. My Stages power meter is driving me nuts only giving me data half the time. I though it was just because my Garmin 500 was just old. 
Living in NC we always have panthers so I go to my friends house and we have panthers on one TV, Bears on the other, and red zone going on on the projector. I love Sundays. 
I can't explain why exactly "other" mode doesn't track well while running but I have definitely noticed this as well. It works fine for open water swimming while it's in my cap so maybe it's a speed thing. Being in the run mode has always been accurate for me though when compared to Strava. 
That was the reason I did B2B in the first place. I didn't want to shell out the money and it was local and now it's ironman. Oh well. At least I get a familiar course to shoot for Kona in the future. 
Pretty much what everyone else is saying is spot on. I was personally very similar to you when I first started. I played soccer and ran track all through high school and got really into lifting in college. I went from 155 to 200 (5'10") but wasn't doing anything running so I was struggling there which I didn't like so I turned to triathlon. Even though I'm not nearly as strong or as big as I was then I'm still more muscular looking than most the people out there even when I get down to 170 for ironman. That said. If you ease into it and work on flexibility it is entirely possible to be competitive at your weight. Now if you wanna qualify for Kona then you'll probably need to shed some mass but just to be fast it isn't necessary. Look up [Alex Viada](http://www.jtsstrength.com/articles/2014/04/12/5-questions-alex-viada/) if you haven't already. He's a straight up monster that proves that extra mass doesn't have to hurt you. Hope this helps. 
I'm guessing since 421 makes up a majority of the full loop and they'll be cutting it off around there (normal half turn around). Since T1 and T2 are in different locations i would guess there's no good way to have a turn around halfway through 421 since it would be a nightmare for traffic since they don't close the roads. I feel bad for your wife now too. It really is an amazing course (I did it in 2014) and this is the first time that I can remember that they've had to shorten it. Hopefully this doesn't happen often in the future but I guess that's the downside to having a race at the beach during hurricane season. Maybe they'll devise an alternate route in case this happens again
Yeah I'm fortunate to only being doing the half this time but I agree. If I were doing the full with hopes of Kona this would be a dream come true since the bike is my weak link. As for the alternate routes I'm not sure how many options there were. I have friends and family that live in Greensboro, Whiteville, and Fayetteville who said that a lot of sections of road are still under water. That's about as inland as the normal course gets so I assume between logistics and timing it just couldn't be done. 
I have HED Jet 7s (70mm) front and back and I've gotten used to them in most winds but a good gust from the side still rattles me a bit and I'm 185. I think I'll be able to control them the more I ride them but I'll honestly go disc in the back (or 90mm and cover) and 60mm in the front next time I upgrade. Just my thoughts if that helps. 

Edit: I've also heard great things about the [HED 3](https://www.hedcycling.com/h3/h3-wheels/h3) front wheels but I can't comment from personal experience. Many claim them to be the best overall front wheels you can buy for speed and dealing with the wind. 
Yeah he's been a disappointment this year. he did well for me last year in fantasy so I picked him up again and I think he has a total of 27 points for me this season. 
http://s2.quickmeme.com/img/de/dee4e744796f3e947ed4de9f7c1277745c40cab7343c9e15ad1e40dc38ed2f0a.jpg
I think if you can afford $11-15k for this bike an extra $850 isn't high on your list of concerns. Still a lot though
I don't think the hardware and optimization was so much the problem there. The lack of app support is what's killing that OS. Android has more potential and is a more powerful OS but that is part of its problem. It is power hungry  compared to iOS because of all of its features so getting to that level will be almost impossible but I am hopeful
I love Android but I use an iPhone for this reason (and much longer official support). I think the pixel is a step in the right direction for Google to be more in control over everything but until they make their own chips and optimize Android to the level of iOS they will fall short IMO 
I still use mine daily. I have the quick release kit so I keep the band on my wrist and just have the watch face in my cap. Not bad at all. That said I want to upgrade once this thing dies but it is a little tank. I've abused it through 5 years of triathlons and mud runs and only a few minor scratches. If you can get it for free I can't say anything bad about it other than its a tad bulky. 
Thanks. I guess ending my response with a question mark to indicate I wasn't sure wasn't the best option but I learned something. 
I'm guessing "damage per strike"?
Been on iOS for a couple years now and safari crashes more often than chrome for me. I don't get the big circle jerk over safari but maybe I'm just used to chrome from Android for so long and it being my default desktop browser for many years. 
Scary as fuck *all the time*. FTFY. I hate when I have to stop in Fayetteville NC and my sister goes to Methodist donuts fairly often 
Thanks for the heads up. I want able to place the order from my phone but I have it bookmarked for when I get home. 
Well...I'm now $15 poorer. 
Sad thing was most of the ROMs I used couldn't utilize 4G anyways and other than the 2 months living in Charlotte I couldn't pick it up anyways. Basically was draining my battery looking for 4G that wasn't there 
That's why I switched to using my iPad. Can switch hit and don't have to worry about fumbling around with my mouse in my left hand. All about efficiency...
And put it where?
Mine was the EVO 4G. Complete shit battery life but I think I ran a different ROM every month for over a year. She was a trooper. Gave it to my mom and got the Galaxy Nexus. Still my favorite phone I owned but I obviously didn't do myself favors on battery. 
That's the OEMs and carrier's fault, not Google's. Nexus phones are bloat free unless you consider Google services bloat. 
I'm the same way. I actually pulled out in front of a high school kid and he went over my hood. I was mortified as was he. Him for obviously getting hit by a car and me for feeling like I betrayed one of my own kind. the kid was fine, bike was fine, and my hood was dented to shit. I had my bike rack on my car so I gave him a ride to school but it was a rough day mentally. In my defense, I was in a right only turn lane and he was going against traffic on the sidewalk (technically not allowed in Raleigh). Doesn't make it right but I'm definitely more cautious regardless of where traffic "should" be coming from. 
I have a 6 for my personal phone and a 6s for work. My 6 runs iOS 10 great and I really can't complain about the performance. That said, my 6s slaughters it in literally everything. iOS 10 has some great features that require force touch which I use a lot and the 2GB RAM vs 1GB in the 6 is very noticeable. I highly recommend the 6s but the 6 can still perform well. 
I do like slide but it wasn't available (or at least wasn't finished) last time I had an Android phone. Sync was always my go to but I have tried slide on my Nexus 7 and it is very nice. Don't use it enough to definitively say one is better than the other for my usage. 
You can still slide to the left to get to your widgets/Siri suggestions where you can then click on one and it will ask for your touch ID or password. Just tested it and it works and then they can turn on assistive touch once it's unlocked. 
Yeah something is definitely not right there unless you're navigating while streaming movies and music at the same time and downloading apps. Might be worth restoring through iTunes just for a fresh start an then leave it off the charger overnight to monitor what could be draining the battery. If it doesn't improve then I would get in touch with Apple. You should easily be able to unplug at 100% at night and make it to the next night. 
6 hours of usage or just battery life in general? My 6 still has battery life like OPs and it's pushing 2 years old. And I have basically every battery draining feature turned on. 
Unless they've updated it doesn't doze only activate when sitting still? Wouldn't be too helpful if you're walking around with the phone in your pocket. I'm a big fan of Android but the standby is one of the main reasons I use an iPhone for my personal phone. 
Oh I would love a land cruiser. Just wish I could find one for a reasonable price. Don't want to spend a boat load on something with 300k miles
Thanks. I'll take a look at them. 
I feel stupid for not thinking about inside out. That's my club in Raleigh that I ride with. Haven't been back to Charlotte in years so completely forgot they had one out here. Thanks. 
I was in the same boat in December but had a smaller budget since I also bought a new tri bike too. I went with Stages for the price and it's ok but it's iffy sometimes. Granted I have an old Edge 500 so it's doing Ant+ rather than Bluetooth. TrainerRoad picks it up much better so I think it's more to do with my Garmin than anything. As someone has suggested, DC rainmaker has a great review of all of them and is a good tool. If I could choose one personally to have I would go with the Garmin Vectors since I have multiple bikes so I can transfer them. A bit pricey but I'd say worth it. Quarq would he my next choice but I have an odd BB on my tri bike so it was tonight to find one for it and again it leaves me without it on my road bike. Just my $0.02. Hope this helps. 
Thanks. I can never tell tire size on WJs. They almost look like 33s the way they fill out the wheelwells but I'm used to seeing more wranglers than anything. Looks great though. 
He doesn't get rattled. Just has that resting bitch face so everyone thinks he's pouting. That said, they need to figure out how to move the ball to give our D some rest. They looked pretty good in the first half but when you only manage one first down in the 3rd your D is petty much fucked. 
I have no idea what would make you think our beautiful, traditional, loose grass, muddy, windy as fuck field is a disgrace...
I thought it was the old galaxy nexus wallpaper but it's slightly different. Might be able to find something you like though. 
Found the black guy. 

I'm sorry, it was too easy. 
Love it. What size tires are those? This looks like what I want to do to mine when I get it. Been researching whether I would need more than 3" lift for 31"-32" tires
In their defense my last race wasn't WTC so it wasn't officiated as closely so just a few people taking advantage of the blind areas. 
Or they also had the group of 5 doing their own little pace line and not getting penalized for it like in my last race. BS but whatever
I interviewed back in March for my now current job. My dad asked if I was gonna shave my 7 monther. I told him no. I got it shaped up but that was it. I wasn't gonna waste all that effort for someone who may or may not hire me. It helped that I didn't "need" a new job. Was just a good opportunity. Now they've told me that I have to keep it because they've already nicknamed my LJ (for lumberjack, not my favorite) and cutting it would mess that up. 
One of the best stand-up performances IMO. I miss Dave Chapelle
Lol. If only we could have a combo of OSX and iOS. Problem solved. 
Fully understandable. I do like that aspect. If I didn't need windows for work I could easily get away with my iPad and iPhone. 
Yeah my sister is going through the same debate. She's going to be a PA soon so need something to carry around to take notes. I showed her both of my setups and she's the same. Could see either working. I'd say if I had to have one I'd still go with my surface. I use my iPad more for daily activities since it's so easy to pick up, touch ID, and pick your app. It's a bit more tedious on the surface since my work requires me to have a password on it but if it weren't for that it wouldn't be too bad. In the end I would need a true PC for work so I'd need 2 devices if I just wanted an iPad for fun or work. A surface 3 with the one and keyboard will give you a good middle ground for both worlds. 
I have an Air 2 and take handwritten notes on it almost every day for work (Evernote). I got [these](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00N1BRWLA/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_r6h0xbXKQ9Q6R) for writing and they work great. I can't comment in how they compare to the Apple pen but they're not quite as good as writing on my surface pro but definitely usable. Only downside is that there's no good way to rest your hand on the iPad and write but I've gotten used to it. Just my $0.02. Hope this helps. 
I have a shit ton of music saved from Spotify. I don't have a boat load of data so if I streamed music every time I listen I would go over every month. Same with podcasts. And why would I not want pictures on my device? I shouldn't have to go to a cloud based storage to see my pictures. See how easy it is to devalue your weak argument?
Someone else who learned to drive in the southeast. 
I do the full program during the winter and twice a week during the beginning of the season. Depends on when my big race is. I usually hold off on lifting about 2 months out from my A race and focus on getting my miles in. You're right though, it does take a good amount of time with warm up and cool down which is another reason I stop when leading up to a race. The benefits aren't there anymore and it cuts into long runs/rides. Usually just 30 minutes of body weight workouts or yoga a few times a week maintains most of the strength without fatiguing my legs. 
Stronglift 5x5. Simple, effective, and gets you the proper results. 
Doesn't look great on my 6 either. Saved to photos and tried to set as wallpaper. Looks grainy
I got a fit. My LBS offers free fits when you buy a bike from them. I told them when I bought it to fit me as if it's a tri bike. Now that I took the aero bars off its definitely a much more relaxed feel. You get pretty close to the fit of a tri bike geometry when you flip the seat post. Definitely better than slapping aero bars on a standard road bike for sure. Fit is crucial 
Ugh. I'm so close to just getting one. I want another Nexus but I do love having my iPhone for many reasons. Now that my N7 2013 is getting dropped from N I feel left out. I need it. 
Very easily. The reversible seat post allows you to throw aero bars on it and get a more forward position so you get the best of both worlds. Mine is a dedicated road bike now but it looked like the link below for all my triathlons. 

https://imgur.com/ntoplHZ
It's an aero road bike so many of the components are tailored to be more aerodynamic (rear brake specifically). These are a bit more difficult to work on compared to traditional components since they're a) different and b) usually a little more compact and crammed in a tight space. Once you're used to it it's not too bad though. I love my AR5 though. It has carried me through two 70.3s and one 140.6 and countless shorter events. I still ride it weekly although my tri bike gets more attention recently since I'm training for IMNC 70.3. I personally do t think you can go wrong with it. 
I love my Air 2 for most things (great for work) but I do agree that I want 7.0 on my N7 2013. The iPad mini is great but not quite the "feel" of the Nexus 7. Hoping for CM14 to keep it going. I still like tinkering around on a device that I don't "need" just for the hell of it. Thinking about selling my iPhone 6 for a 6P just to get a taste again. 
Nice. Yeah my company covers up to $400 worth of fitness related expenses every year. Most use it on gym memberships. I travel too much for a reasonable membership so I put my triathlon race fees in there. 
Yeah I learned the limitations of my stock GC Laredo pretty quick out at my friend's family farm. His grandpa had to bring his out to get me out. He just shook his head when he saw the shit I was in. Definitely didn't have any business trying that with that vehicle lol
Not sure how much it will help for vehicles but it may be worth posting something to Jeep's twitter page. I've seen it work well with many electronics that fail miserably (charging ports failing and causing fires, pushed updates crashing devices, etc.) and big companies don't like seeing negative attention. Often times the devices get replaced or repaired for free. Just a thought. 
Lol. You're actually the second person to offer. I appreciate it but I should be getting it from the other person soon. If for some reason I don't I'll hit you up. Thanks again. I'm looking forward to trying it out now. 
Nice. Well I travel for work and carry my bike with me so if I ever find myself there I'll make an extended stay for it. Plus I went to uncc so I still have a lot of friends in the area. 
I'm really thinking about investing in Trainerroad since my new job has me on the road most day during the week. Heard nothing but good things about it. 
Yeah I live in Raleigh. Rolling hills but basically no big climbing. Guess it's some trips to the mountains then. 
Yeah I was looking at it this morning. Looks nuts. I'm a shit climber but !maybe this is the ! motivation i need to improve 
Huh. I had never heard of that one. May look into that next year. Doing B2B half this year but now that it's IM I don't wanna pay the fee every year. I'll eventually go back for the full again but not next year 
Honestly just Endurance Planet in general is amazing but "Ask the coaches" is my personal favorite. Tawny and Lucho are great together. I've done plenty of long runs listening to them and find myself laughing and thinking to the point I don't realize I'm running. Also check out her podcasts with Phil Maffetone. Great for nutrition and training ideas. 
God I miss my WK2. This is pretty much exactly what I wanted to do with it. Looking good. 
Yeah in most triathlons I do the 50-55 guys are crazy fast in the bike. I only hope that they can't keep it up on the run so I can make up for lost time. 
I do bricks all the time in my bike shorts. Never had any problems running in them. Just cheap performance bike brand ones. Wouldn't swim in them though. 
One of my friends just hit his 2 year streak of running every day and averaging over 11 miles a day at 7:45/mile pace. He's run one marathon as his only race and missed Boston by a few spots. He doesn't care about racing just likes to run. Whereas Ive been running races since I was 8 and I'd consider him less of a beginner than me
I'm no coach by any means but I've been doing endurance sports my whole life and at one point was really into power lifting. For triathlon lifting I keep it incredibly simple. I do squats, deadlift, bench (I prefer dumbbell), and pull ups (or lat pull down). If you can do those you hit almost all the muscles required in triathlon. You can get more specific workouts for the swim using bungees or some of the pulley machines but I personally view gym time as strength building and the swim, bike, run workouts as the fine tuning of form and endurance. Try not to over complicate it and remember have plenty of recovery between sets. The goal is to add strength and not mass (which would be counter productive). Hope this helps in some way
My buddy is a massage therapist and does something similar with spoons where he scrapes the skin in certain areas to increase blood flow to those spots. Not sure how much recovery it's helping compared to just the normal.massage but after a long run race my thighs and calves light up like Christmas trees when he does it. The muscles that aren't used as much don't tend to have as much blood flow come to the surface when he does it on them so it's definitely increasing the blood flow in the area. Again, not sure how big a of a difference it makes in the recovery but I'm no doctor so I can only assume he knows more than me 
Good to know. Thanks 
I'll look into it.  Thanks. Mine is a 2013 or 2014. Can't remember for sure. I'm thinking 2014
Yeah the stock wheels are crap. I only had them on there for a day and they were out of true. I luckily have a good set of training wheels so I swapped them early on. Agree with the tape. Luckily my seat post has been pretty good although I think my shop over tightened the saddle down last time because I had a bitch of a time adjusting the angle when I tried a new saddle. Might look into replacing it since it worries me that there may be some damage if they exceeded the torque spec 
Interesting. What kind of problems have you had? Only thing that annoys me is the reason brake. Just kind of a pain to work on but pretty solid so far. 
I'll put my $0.02 for Felt. Been riding my AR5 for 3 years and absolutely love it. 5000+ miles on it and zero problems. Hard to beat the price. I would've gotten a B14 if I didn't get such a great deal on my giant from someone in my club. I will own a Felt IA in the future. It's my dream bike. 
Yeah I started the keto diet a few months back to become a more fat adapted athlete (focusing on Ironman) and I went through a similar phase. Lost weight very quickly but definitely felt frustrated (for lack of a better term). Slowly started adding things back into my diet to see what could cure it and more fruits seemed to be the answer. I still try to keep the sugar as low as possible but often an extra banana or Apple is enough to bring me back to normal. Weight is still coming off so seems to be going well after the adjustments. 
Same. Granted I only cover the southeast but there are plenty of hick towns in this area that won't be getting much love from T-Mobile whereas Verizon is usually LTE. I rarely see 3G  or extended... except for you VA... Figure your shit out!
I want to switch to them so bad but I travel too much and many places I stay they're a bit lacking whereas Verizon has rarely failed me. I keep checking into them every time our cycle is up just to see if we can make it work but so far no luck. 
Depends on your goals and the length of the race. I personally don't do any lifting for a couple weeks leading up to a race since it won't really give me any benefit. For Ironman I actually cut it out entirely the last ~6 weeks and just do some functional body weight type of workouts simply because of time restraints and the little added gain isn't worth the impact it may have on longer rides and runs. If you just race but primarily lift and aren't going out to beat everyone then you could probably lift up to the race and just dial back enough to make sure you finish. Again, it depends on your goals. 
Ah sorry to hear that. Yeah it's crazy what you can accomplish when you're already in race mode. 
Squats and deadlifts. 5x5 with ~3 minutes rest in between each set. Start with low weight and work your way up. You don't want DOMS if you're training for a race since it will cut into your real training. Lookup stronglifts 5x5 routine for more in depth information on the program. It is designed to build strength without adding a lot if mass which is what we as triathletes want. 
Which toe is it. As an ex soccer player I've broken almost every toe and the only ones that really knocked me out for a while was when I broke the big toe. The rest, while painful, can usually be run on ok without much additional damage if you can stabilize it well. Granted that depends on if it's just the toe or extends to the foot. 

Please note I am not a doctor and I doubt any doctor would ever tell you what I said but I figured I'd share my experience. It sucks but could still be possible. If you're going for PR then yeah that will likely not happen. 
Why did you put a sandwich in the Pringles can holder?
I've been "trying" to kill my 310xt for about 2 years now. It just won't die. It's bomb proof. Yeah I encounter the problems you stated every now and again but I'm not replacing it until it dies or the battery can no longer last a full Ironman which I think is going to happen first. 
Yeah that worked for me for a few days and now it's crashing again. I'm trying every size and it keeps working a bit for me but I'm sure it'll crash any minute 
That's what I thought. Thanks
Random question. I was an idiot and forgot to make a 9.3.3 backup and my only iCloud backup is from the beta. If I wipe and restore from the beta backup, will it still be on 9.3.3 or am I fucked? I need messages to work so I need to do something. Thanks in advance
Oh yeah we do work. Like we work faster than most moving companies. We could probably make money off this but who wants to move things every day? No offense to people who do but I did that for a year and refuse to ever do it again for a living. 
Yeah all my friends understand that our pretty large group of friends are "movers" and not packers or organizers. The wives and GFs sometimes don't get this. Always get pizza and beer though. Movers cost a hell of a lot more than a few pizzas and cases. Plus we have a U-Haul size trailer and 6 trucks and SUVs between us so nobody ever has to rent anything. We don't fuck around. We usually start at 8 and are done by noon 
Oh I hate you. Jk. I live in the US and almost had my German coworker buy me an aero road when he went home for visit. Love those bikes. He has a downhill Canyon and it is pure sex on wheels 
I thought the two who fell of a cliff lived? Stupid regardless
Yep. The only time I've been passed in the run was my first IM. Which as the leader who was halfway through his second lap while I was halfway through my first lap (now IMNC) and he won. I passed probably 50 people at least during the run. I usually get a decent lead on the swim, manage the bike, and catch back up in the run
Not really. I expected flying types but I caught a tauros. Lots of stuff at ATL airport. Not so much RDU
Yeah I thought I was a shit swimmer and I still may be but when the race comes I'm in this weird group between front of the pack and middle of the pack. It's pretty great though since there's usually only like 5 of us so no crawling on top of each other once we break out. 
Running first (soccer and track most of my life), swam competitively until 13, biking (lol) still struggling. Good thing I'm a fast runner because I'm always coming from behind 
I haven't personally used the apple smart case but my boss loves his. I use [this](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0197NDBG0/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_tai_LyOHxbEWT43XP) one personally and love it. I like the design better, it has a bigger charge, don't need headphone adapters, and you still get to use the lighting cables. 
I have a Garmin Vivosmart HR and it does music controls (pause/play, rewind/fast forward) but unfortunately doesn't do the volume. Would be great if it did. Not sure if the one without the HR sensor has those controls too but it is a bit cheaper. 
I have two iPhones (work and personal) and have Pokémon Go on both for more time (because I'm that cool lol). For my personal phone I have [this](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00X5RV14Y/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_tai_fsOHxb538ZA0T) for in my bag and want to charge it while I'm going. It's probably larger than what you need but Anker has many smaller ones as well and just make great products in general. For my work phone I have [this](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0197NDBG0/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_tai_LyOHxbEWT43XP) battery case since I am on my phone quite often and sometimes not near a charger. They both work great so it depends on which format you would prefer. 
Lol same. I actually just bought a power bank to keep in my backpack when I'm going through airports
Nah. Y'alls is correct. Why would anyone want to use more words than necessary. 
Ah. Thanks. I was checking my phone but was too drunk to remember that my iPad is on dev beta 2 
Yep. My boss is a fellow triathlete and asks me every time he calls if I'm in a run or ride. I'm like "no, it's 10 a.m." I have to be available for calls and shit. Granted I do ride and run during "lunch" burning have my phone on me in case of emergencies. I love the freedom of doing things at random time when I have time but I do miss a fairly flexible 8-5 schedule where I can go in early or leave early for simplicity but I'll get used to it. Finally started carrying my bike with me on business trips to explore random areas on the road 
Dang. When I first started working professionally I had a 45 minute commute each way and that was too much for me. Moved to make it 15 and now I travel for work so I basically show up whenever I get there but plan to stay within 10 minutes of the site. I don't give up "my" time for work anymore. Luckily I have an amazing boss who has the same mindset. Worth paying $10 more per night to make your work life easier 
The only "aero" feature that I will admit I fucking despise working on are aero brakes. In the future I'll rather have less aero brakes just to reduce the hassle. My aero road bike (felt AR5) isn't too bad other than the rear brake but my tri bike (giant Trinity composite) is a nightmare. When I replace the cables I'll be adding a barrel adjuster that can open and close for my rear brake just so I can have a quick release for the rear. I'm with you, in have some HED jet 7's as race when but it's too much of a hassle to remove them for my training wheels. For the wheels in highly recommend a barrel adjuster that can be opened and closed (not sure if that's the night term) which basically loosens the brake like a traditional brake. I have it on my felt and it's much better but not as good as a standard road bike. Internal cables suck but you learn tricks like wrapping the old ones with tape and attaching them to the new ones and feeding them through the frame. 
You'll be fine. Take it easy, stay in you "zones" if you have them. You'll do better than you think. I can't say I "undertrained" for my first but I felt I undertrained for my goal and ended up 15 minutes ahead. I was tired at the end but not dead by any means. I just kept telling myself in my head "it's just a long training day" and kept moving. Nothing new on race day and from personal experience, slightly adjust your hydration according to the weather. I trained through the heat and humidity of NC summer and come October I drank too much on the bike and lost 7 minutes stopping to piss five times. 
Emerald is to date my favorite storyline. I'll admit X/Y were a bit lacking but it made up for it in other aspects. I liked being able to get potentially amazing Pokemon fairly early on and raising them up. Soul silver is pissing me off now. Can't get anything good (or what I like) early on so I get slaughtered in the elite 4. Back to grinding. 
I know too many people who have told me the same thing. That's why I will never move to CA. I love being out there but I like where I'm at in NC as far as cost of living 
Where in CA do you live?
Yep. And isn't "yo" redundant in this instance? Doesn't "necessito" imply that you are speaking in the first person? Idk. I haven't had Spanish classes in over 10 years but used to speak pretty good Spanglish but never was great with the conjugations 
Most races have pro photographers out there taking pictures you can buy later and they usually have their watermark on them. 
Stages. You can get it for very cheap for just the left crank arm. You can get big but then you're up to $1000. I got mine for $400 but it was a discontinued SRAM crank so it was on clearance
Some manufacturers are getting smarter. My GTI locking nuts have a free spinning ring around the outside so if you try this it still free spins. I unfortunately learned this by losing my key to the locking nuts after changing a tire. Pain in the ass to get off. 
I moved to iPhone over a year ago and still check r/android every day. 
Thanks. 
Looks great. What lift/tires you got? This looks about like what I envision for mine when I finally get it. 
Nice 
Please. I'm counting down the days until I buy a WJ. I've done my research and decided I want one to have some fun in and it'll meet my other random requirements. I want to see how badass they can actually be. I also wanna beat the piss out of my friends JKU when we go do whatever 
No problem 
The air 2 is worth saving up for. the 2GB of ram makes the biggest difference with app refresh problems. It should also be support for a while longer since it is less than 2 years old and is similar to the iPad pro 9.7 internally. 
The only fact I can provide is that the iPad 2 is at the end of its life and we have seen plenty of videos/reviews on how iDevices slow down drastically on their last possible version of iOS compared to its release. I have an iPad 2 in my house but I also have an air 2 that I use daily and it is night and day difference. For continued support and good performance you'll want to upgrade. That said, for simple things like browsing the iPad 2 works fine but it's still half the speed of the air 2. 

As for a mail app, this is kind of opinion based regardless. Many use the stock mail app and sweet by it but I personally can't stand it. I use Google inbox on my phone and iPad and it's been he Bea for me. I like it because it's the same layout over all platforms (iOS, Android, Windows). I've also used outlook for iOS and it was also very good and honestly performed just as well as inbox for me. Only reason I switched back to inbox was because I like the continuity. 

Hope this helps 
My coworker uses this stylus and though I haven't used it myself he swears by it and it appears to work great when I see him using it. 

amPen® Stylus 2-in-1 Fine Point Disk Stylus for iPad, iPad Pro, iPad Air, iPad Mini, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, Galaxy S6, Galaxy Tab A (Interchangeable Disk and Hybrid Tips) Black https://www.amazon.com/dp/B015F2PCQ4/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_u8jBxb6YREDGW

I personally use this keyboard on mine and it is fantastic. No complaints at all after 6 months. 

Anker Keyboard Case for iPad Air 2 Backlit Bluetooth with 5-Month Battery Life Between Charges and 7 Backlight Color Modes (Not compatible with iPad Pro 9.7) https://www.amazon.com/dp/B015NSZ4RM/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_C-jBxbC66B13A


Most people probably don't. Personal preference obviously but it's probably the biggest pet peeve of mine if iOS. Most of them are outweighed by the positives 
Basically. You download an app an it gets out on your home screen. You can arrange them how you want and make folders but they have to fill in top to bottom left to right. You can't leave spaces in the middle which is what annoys me. Defea s the purpose of having a nice background. And all those apps you rarely use but still "need" just get put on a folder labeled "useless" along with the pre installed Apple apps 
I personally like on screen buttons but I think a capacitive button would be a fair compromise. I dislike anything that physically moves. If it can move it has a higher chance if breaking. Obviously they're necessary for some buttons but I think the physical home button could go away 
I imagine he's like my friend who switched to a Note after only using iPhone for years. He's so used to the grid he just keeps all his apps on his home screens and doesn't use widgets. I personally have to be minimal one my Android device and use the app drawer which is the most frustrating thing about having an iPhone now. Stupid grid. 
I just recently started a keto diet and it has been great for me. I primarily do endurance sports so I've been trying to get my body more fat adapted to use as a primary fuel source. It's been a tough transition but I can't ignore the weight loss already which is what I really need at this point. Slowly getting better but I definitely needed the life chnage after a bad calf injury. 

All that said I could see people who don't train like I do trying this and getting upset that they aren't seeing results. 
I love Ampharos. By far my favorite electric type. 
I've never chosen a grass starter. Fire types are my favorite so I've usually gone that way. I like the way chespin looks the most but delphox is the typical I've been waiting for forever. Love me some fire and psychic types. Maybe in sun and moon. Don't like cats. 
Very nice. Thanks. Yeah not a while lot of trails around me in NC but snow and beaches and lake trips are about all I need it for. 
Ooh I like yours. I wanna get a WJ later this year as a weekend warrior vehicle and picture pretty much this same setup. What lift/tires do you have?
Fuck I love litespeed bikes. I need one in my life. But which one....
My old coworker was from Germany and has a Canyon downhill bike. I almost paid him to buy me this exact bike (few years ago) when he went home to visit. Only thing that stopped me was the fact I couldn't test ride it first. 
I always recommend Felt. Usually much cheaper than cervelo, specialized, etc but have the same components and are a very proven brand. I have an AR5 and it's been rock solid and it was $500 less than the comparable cervelo S2. The B series tri bikes are fantastic 
I would personally start with adjusting the cable tension. I've had this happen to both my road bike and tri bike after a while and this is usually all I've had to do. Quarter turn at a time. On one occasion I had to readjust the limits on the rear derailleur but that was due to a small crash I think. Just my thoughts. I'm no expert by any means but I try to do a majority of my own maintenance for learning interest. 
Lol on doing the math. Yeah the only one of my usual friends who is shorter than me was the one getting married and he's 5'8". We make short jokes about him all the time even though he's probably right at average for men. 
Oddly enough I'm one of the shortest in my group of friends and I'm 5'11". For a wedding we were all in all 8 groomsmen had to lineup tallest to shortest and I was last. I never thought about them feeling odd for being tall. They just seem normal to me at this point. 
There's a guy in my tri club who is 7 foot. Whenever we do group rides I get behind him as much as I can. The dude is pretty dang fast too. 
Yeah sorry I just now saw this. Camera yes, video no. Kinda disappointed in that. I like having my music through Snapchat videos. Wish I could do the same with actual videos. 
Yes you can use the camera while Apple Music and Google Music are playing. Spotify apparently does still stop when the camera is launched. 

Can't comment on the 3D touch in landscape since I don't have a 6s+
Gotcha. Thanks for the follow up. 
Is yours the SE or original 5? I don't seem to be alone with the 6 not supporting it 
You will. It's a great feeling even if the run is killing you. You find some energy. 
Ok. Yeah I agree, I don't think you should ever have to physically press the home button once the screen is on. I also want the virtual home button. After having Nexus phones or others with capacitive buttons I really do like them better. that's just me though. Figure the fewer moving parts, the fewer things that can break. 
Ok but what if you have the phone off, while it's raised, and wake it with the home button? Does it make you press the home button again? If so that seems like an oversight. 
You can correct me if I'm wrong because I only have the 6 so the raise to wake doesn't work for mine. I've noticed that it only asks me to physically press the home button if I wake the screen with the side power button. If I wake it with the home button it takes me to the home screen once touch ID is recognized. I imagine the raise to wake works similarly to the power button in that regard. 
There's a couple little hiccups here and there but so far I've been able to do my normal day to day business with it. A couple things like auto rotate and swipe down to reply weren't working at first but after a restart they seem to be back to normal. 
Eh. A couple of stutters here and there but pretty much what I would expect from a first beta release. Did a restart and it seems to be better now. I'm no developer so I don't really have a reason to have it but I was curious. I'm sure the public beta will be smoother when it's released in July. 
I'm running the iOS 10 beta on my air 2 right now. Even for a first release it feels pretty good. Only thing that's lacking are the force touch features which look cool and can be handy. Performance wise though I have no doubt it'll be fine. 
Yeah I hope they bring it to the 6 even though I'll only have it for a short while on the beta until I get the 7
Not sure if you have figured it out yet but I was in this boat too on my Air 2. I just deleted my old profile from settings and then downloaded the new profile from the links above. Running iOS 10 on my iPad now. Seems to be smooth
So far so good on my iPad Air 2. Haven't had the courage to install on my iPhone 6 yet. Without force touch a lot of the "fun" features aren't available plus I'm the only one of my friends who actually does the beta programs so I can't use the messages features yet. If only I could install it on my work 6s without IT raising hell. 
Awesome. Thanks again
I Haven't had an android phone for about a year now but I never had many problems just using Hangouts but there were some minor things that weren't quite as good. The biggest one was the images from me were always compressed and looked like shit on iPhones when they received them. In iMessages the images and videos are always crystal clear and since I was the only one in my group of friends and family who had an android it has been very nice being on that side of it now. As for FaceTime, it is definitely better quality than Hangouts from my experience. Me and a few friends travel often for work so we get on Hangout video chats all the time but if it is ever just one on one we use FaceTime because the audio is clearer as well as the video. I wish they supported more than just one on one though. Just my personal experience though. I prefer Android as an OS so if iMessages made its way to android I would definitely consider switching back. 
That is great news. Thanks. I kinda want to test it on my iPad first since I rely on my phone for many things. Any reason this wouldn't work on my iPad?
So if I am already on the latest 9.3.3 beta can I just load my last backup and do this or am I already screwed since I am already registered in the beta program?
That's kinda what I figured it would be at least for now. Right there with you hoping they will allow to change default apps
This is pretty much all I want. Third party keyboards still aren't as smooth as the stock one but I love being able to swipe. Still surprised they haven't implemented this into stock since almost every third party one has it. Maybe in the official release?
One would think so but I would not be the least bit surprised if we still won't be able to. For example, what if you delete the stock maps app? Would it default to Google (or whatever you have installed)? Should be interesting to see when some developers get their hands on it or when the public beta released
I've had the 4 port charger from Anker since January and I love it. No problems so far and I love being able to charge multiple devices at a higher current. Thinking about getting another just to keep in the living room. 
Well then you'll fit right in haha. Days like these are why I plan my big races for the fall time but I do wanna do Raleigh 70.3. 

That's the way I do it. I have a highly concentrated bottle that lasts the whole bike leg and then just water the rest of the time. I wouldn't add more gels because that will increase your calorie intake which could hurt you on the run unless you've tested it and know you can handle it. 
Well good you'll let me sleep in haha. I would probably advise against just adding salt though it would hurt. When you get there in the morning see if there are some sponsors there with some (I would expect some for IM). I personally use hammer endurolytes because they're tablets that can be taken apart and I just mix a few in my nutrition bottle. I'm usually against trying new things on race day but if you're not accustomed to this weather then some extra salt shouldn't hurt
I was about a day away from pulling the trigger on a C3. Financially I should have since it was on special for the previous year but ended up with a Felt AR 5. Absolutely love it but I do love how the litespeeds look. Maybe in the future 
Good luck tomorrow. I've never done it but I live in Raleigh and have rode and run many parts of the course. Nothing too crazy but it's supposed to rain tonight and possibly tomorrow. It's going to be humid as shit so maybe add some sodium tablets to counter some of the sweating and stay hydrated. What are you riding? I was thinking about putting a chair on the sidewalk on Tryon right before lake wheeler so I'll keep an eye out for you. Was hoping to do it as well but injuries had other plans. 
Just thought I'd give an update. I'm charging it right now and the case was at 0% and my phone was around 50% and now my phone is around 80% and the case is flashing the second LED (out or 4) which means they're both charging at the same time so it looks like they do even though they claim the phone goes first. Either way I've never gone through both batteries and still needed more at the end of the day 
I don't believe so. Never had to worry about it. When I actually use the extra juice I end up with plenty of battery at the end of the day so I just recharge overnight. Either way it still has to charge over double the normal battery capacity so whether it charges simultaneously or one after the other you'll end up with similar charge. 
Had a 3.5 hour conference call this afternoon with no problems. I've never noticed a time where my 6s didn't have signal and my 6 does and they're both on Verizon 
I don't think that is normal to lose 11% capacity that quickly. Downloading over bad coverage will drain more than over a good connection or wifi but shouldn't have that drastic of an impact on the overall capacity. The biggest impact on the capacity is the amount of cycles you have which is simply the amount of times charged a full 100% (going from 50% to 100% is a half cycle). [This](http://i.imgur.com/dg5jcxG.png) is what my 6 shows after 14 months of use so I would not call what you're seeing to be normal. 

That all said, what I don't know is if the replacement they gave you was a used phone and whether the previous owner's cycles would show up when you run this test. That could be an explanation since the 5c is fairly old at this point. 
I've personally been using one for a couple of months now and it has been great. I do love that I just use my standard lighting cables since I also have my iPad air 2 and personal iPhone 6. I use it on my work 6s and use it almost every day since I am always on the phone and out at customer sites often so I can't get to a charger easily at times. From my experience it won't take a phone all the way from 0% to 100% but has taken me from 20% to 100% plenty of times. So far it seems like a quality case and doesn't seem to be degrading in any way. I don't believe it is MFI certified but that is based on memory from a review I read but I could be wrong. The only "downside" I have found is that my aux cable I have in my car is too fat to fit in the headphone cutout but that's a cheap solution by just buying a different one. All of my headphones fit fine. 
 

Hope this helps. 
I bet if the pool was frozen they'd smoke everyone. 
Running is a tough one. I personally enjoy running but I've always been a runner so it's probably the same for me as cycling is for you. I do love riding too though. I think the major appeal is that you cover so much more ground that you can go exploring. Tough to do that unless you run 8+ miles. Trail runs are a good change of pace though 
But only for the 6s(+). I love it on my work 6s but don't have that luxury on my personal 6. This is a close second though and I prefer Gboard simply for swiping. 
Flagship is basically a company's most current up to date model which for Apple is technically the 6s(+) but the SE has basically all the same internals so it should be updated for just as long as the 6s. The only thing that's not quite flagship worthy of it is the fact that is doesn't support force touch which is nice but not a huge deal if you've never had it and shouldn't affect updates. You just won't be able to take advantage of app features of those that support it which will become more plentiful as they start adding it to every upcoming model. 
As an iPhone user I hope it supports more than 2 to force Apple to have more than 2 on FaceTime. I have a group of friends that we all get on a group hangout because we all travel a lot and watch games/drink together in our hotel rooms. FaceTime is so much clearer but there's up to 6 of us so we don't use FaceTime much 
That would be awesome but I know a lot of people would be very upset that the 5 ends up being dropped from support the same time as the 4s. 
Maybe do a fresh install? Mine is running like a champ on 9.3.2. Only 9.1 (I think) caused some slow downs that I can remember but I think everyone was affected by that 
Interesting. I'm forced to use the mail app on my work phone but just can't get into it. Missing a lot of features I love about Google inbox but that may just be because I've been using it for years on Android and now my personal iPhone/iPad and am just used to it. I really just want a snooze or reminder feature and I'd be ok. 
That was the only choice my parents had at their lake house. So far they've been very good. Granted it's no cheaper than my TWC at home since I have all the options other than Google (soon though)
The ideal situation would be to just wear a tri top under your wetsuit so you don't have to worry about it. If I were to do what you are thinking I believe I would just put it on in T1 but most of my bike jerseys zip all the way down so it wouldn't be too bad putting on wet. I've always had a tri top so I can't speak from experience other than that it's totally worth the investment but I don't think adding a bike jersey in T1 would lose me but 10 seconds max.Just my 2 cents.
Yeah I was all set to get another WK2 this winter but then I changed jobs and they have me a company car so I figured why not just get a beater for a few grand and really deck it out 
That's what I did putting it at ~61mph. Aka, no fucking thanks for me. I don't think I even have hills around me that would allow me to get that fast
I honestly don't know much about the WK since I had my heart set on the WK2 when I got it but I like your idea. I'm actually planning to do the same thing later his year except with a late 90s grand or 4runner so I can really best it up without caring. 
Oh I would love a deisel WK2. Unfortunately it wasn't an option at the time when I got mine not to mention deisel prices were absurd in 2011-2012. Hell even the high has prices were part of the reason I had to get rid of mine 
The limited and Laredo can be lifted very easily and for a reasonable price. You can get the Laredo with the selec-terrain but with the extra cost you basically are paying for a limited with a few missing features so you might as well just got for the limited. If you're looking for a used one the Laredo X was made in 2012 (?) I believe and it was actually a pretty good deal since I think it was only missing leather seats from the limited but was ~3k cheaper. The overland is nice if you don't plan to do many mods because it has hydraulic suspension which allows you to raise it a few inches with the press of a button and also can be lowered to be more fuel efficient on the highway. The downside it that because of the hydraulic suspension it cannot be lifted (or would be very expensive to do so) so you can't get much bigger tires under there than what comes stock. 

Side note, if you tow a lot it may be worth looking at a 2011-2013 model because on those you were able to open the back glass. Not a huge thing but any time I had my bike on my hitch or this one (poorly designed) trailer I wasn't able to open the tailgate so the glass was the only way to get anything out of the back without taking anything off. 
My 2011 Laredo took me anywhere I needed and it was stock. Kept up with my friend's wrangler unlimiteds on the beaches and trails we did and my friend's overland was even better than mine. I'd personally go with a limited for the selec-terrain and the fact you can lift it. The towing was the selling point for me and I used it probably.more than off roading. Dang I miss that car
Jesus. The fastest I've been is only like 45mph during a half Ironman and I was white knuckling the whole time. I was up on the horns and some dude came blowing by me in his aero bars so I assume his balls were keeping him balanced. 
That will give you speed if anything. I was a midfielder and it helped a little in endurance but the sped is a big factor. I have been doing this for 5 years now and I wish I still had the speed I Had from soccer but I lost it. If you can get another long run in the middle of the week then the soccer will compliment it pretty well. 
If I were you I would look for an aero road bike. Unfortunately I live in NC so I can't recommend a good bike shop but I did my first IM on a Felt AR 5 and it went well.  It gives you the aero aspect of a tri bike but in a road frame. The thing that was great about the AR (and Cervelo) is that you can get a forward seat position t equate a tri bike somewhat. Not a full tri frame but pretty good if you have aero bars. 
Very true. That said, if you don't use the iPad it will not drop for a good while regardless of the percentage. I've had my Air 2 sit for a few days and it stayed at 100 and I would pack it up the night before at say 70% and it's still there when I pull it out the next night. Granted mine is a wifi iPad so not being connected all the time helps 
That's what I have on my iPhone 6. Absolutely love it. Very slim and doesn't take away from the design of the phone
No, but my iPhone 6 goes 9+ hours on standby before dropping to 99% and that's with all the battery draining features turned on like location services and automatic refresh of notifications. I don't expect android to be quite as good simply because it requires more power but is it too much to ask for 1-3% overnight while doze is active?
I prefer no case for the look but I agree that it is very slick and have only "dropped" it when there was no case. I got this case because it was clear and pretty minimal and it gives me a bit of assurance when I've been drinking or just plopping it down at the gym or around the house. 

iPhone 6 Case, Spigen® [Liquid Armor] SOFT-FLEX [Crystal Clear] Premium Clear Flexible Soft TPU Case for iPhone 6 (2014) - Crystal Clear (SGP10940) https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00JH882JW/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_225lxbHCS9HPH
That was my thinking too. I've always gone with my phones bare but the 6/6s is too slippery when my hands are dry. I never dropped it with a case but I "dropped" it twice (from low height) without it and just figured I'd stick with a slim rubberized case. Not much different but the bare feeling is better but I don't feel like replacing a screen even with AppleCare. 
Fuck you. Moms don't ever die. They just go on a trip to go pick up our old dogs. They always come back. Same with grandparents. 
If I remember correctly we used something called celebration. I think it was a strain of Bermuda or something but it definitely thrived much more than the Bermuda did
Golf courses are a bit better in that sense. I worked at a few courses doing maintenance through high school and college. The types of grass used for fairways, roughs, and tee boxes were specifically selected to live as best as possible in the natural weather patterns. In NC Bermuda is common because it can be cut short and still survive the heat without needed a fuck ton of water. We even did certain tee boxes with different toes of grass because it was in the shade all day and Bermuda didn't do as well in the cool and damp location. Greens are the only ones that are the real exception. Most courses still use Bermuda but the higher end ones use bent grass because they can be cut  in a way that the direction of the cut impacts the roll of the ball making it more difficult. 

All that said, a few years back when we had a drought of our own there was a lot more watering done than usual. Usually we just had to run the sprinklers for ~15 minutes every night and we were good and then greens throughout the day. 

All that rant to make the point that if more people chose their grass based on the yearly climate it wouldn't be as big of a problem. There's no point in trying to grow grass in the desert which is why most go with the rocks or turf. But then there's people like my dad who want fescue because it stays green during the winter but needs to be babied in the summer and has to water it constantly. I'm too lazy for that shit. 
I'll add my thoughts since I made the switch from android last year. I got a 6 with 64GB and my work phone is a 6s 16GB. My 6 runs just fine but I will admit that my 6s runs quite a bit better. The 2 GB of ram is the biggest selling point to me. So many fewer apps have to refresh if I exit them and come back to them a while later. I could leave an app and open 2 more on my 6 and when I return to the first app it has to refresh whereas with my 6s I rarely get an app refresh. Also, once you get accustomed to force touch it is a very nice feature. I also recommend saving up more for 64GB of storage. 16 is fine for my work phone since I only use it for work and have one Spotify playlist downloaded but I am over 30GB used on my 6 and will just be using more until the 7 comes out. 
Yeah I went from a triple to a compact and its ok but not quite the same. My tri bike is a double but not compact and I hate riding it anywhere other than flatter courses. I'm a terrible climber 
I remember debating for hours in the sprint store over the HTC Evo or Evo shift because I really wanted the keyboard. I ended up going with the regular Evo and never had another physical keyboard again. I pulled out my old phone with the full keyboard and wondered how I ever was as fast on it. Can still type on t9 like a champ though
Same. I got a gold one even though it was my least favorite but the price was too good to pass up. $285 for a 64GB from a pawn shop. Checked the battery and it only had 16 charge cycles on it. Normally wouldn't have gotten one from a pawn shop for the off chance it was stolen but I needed an air 2 for a test for work quickly and work paid for it. It's been going strong for 4 months now so I think I'm good. Paid them back and kept it for personal use. 
[This](http://www.wugfresh.com/nrt/) is your best friend for any nexus device. Super easy to root with videos for help. Might need to do some research on flashing a custom ROM but it's usually pretty straight forward. I haven't flashed a custom ROM since my Galaxy Nexus but I unlocked the bootloader, rooted, and flashed a custom ROM within 30 minutes. Lot's of support out there for Nexus devices. 
Yep thats where I lived for a few years. Right off Maynard.  Never felt unsafe but definitely not what you think of when you think of Cary 
Yeah I think I can actually get there faster than the one on Walnut but dang.if there aren't a boat load of people there all the time. I ain't got time to be waiting 20 minutes for my cookout when I'm drunk 
Ill agree with it. I live in the "ghetto" of Cary which is basically upper middle class because most of it is very wealthy area 
Depends on what you're looking for.  Downtown Raleigh will.five you better results.  Fayetteville street is all around good. I'm partial to flying saucer just for a decent atmosphere but I like the simple things
Holy fuck I agree. I went to UNCC and the cookout there was open until 4a.m. So I got used to that. Long story short I got hammered at ale house in Cary, wanted cookout, asked my friend to take me there, cried all the way home. 
I live in Cary. For as high of standards as we have here for everything else this shouldn't happen. 
God damnit NC. Were supposed to be smarter than our lower brother. 

Worst part is I bought my VW GTI from the VW branch of them. May explain why its hat so many problems. It VW could just be crappy design. Either way 

Edit: guess most have better experience with VW than I have 
God I wish I could get used to a phone that small. Looks so much better than my iPhone 6 but can't give up the screen size. Leaning towards going up to a larger screen size this fall. Kinda hoping for another 6p like device 
Based on the 5 bikes in this room and the whole setup I don't think hes struggling for money so why not? That said, my garage serves the same purpose in the winter 
At least it has expandable memory. Not perfect but better than being stuck with 5GB or storage 
Is this still a problem? I haven't had an android phone as my personal phone in over a year (iPhone) and I remember trying it on my old GS4 and I really liked it but the lack of MMS was a deal breaker. Probably 90% of my messages are group chats so mainly iMessage with the occasional MMS so Hangouts was the only one that consistently worked for me even with all of its issues. 
Yeah when I went down to Atlanta and had LTE it was fucking awesome but then I'd somehow be roaming here in Raleigh. It was a mess 
Yeah I loved mine but that damn battery life still makes me shudder. I went from 100% to 90% in the 20 minute drive to work. Basically had to turn off data if I went out at night to make sure it would last. That said, Sprint's shit coverage at the time probably hurt it quite a bit as well 
Could get an older iPhone on swappa for cheap to hold you over until then and maybe even sell the note 2 for a few bucks. Then sell the iPhone when the 7 comes out 
Yeah I spent a lot of the offseason building for the bike. Both by want and also necessity since I've had a calf injury so my running is limited. That mixed with actually having a tri bike I think I can get there. Doing another half this fall with hopes of sub 5 so that should be a good tell to what I can expect for my next full (hopeful for next year)
Unrelated but ive had that surprise when the waitress told me they were doing a special on this one drink so I went ahead and ordered it just to find out is was $18. Not much of a special IMO so i just ordered bud light the rest of the night to be safe 
So the screen doesn't come on at all now? I got that same message a few weeks ago and I just changed it and then set it back to my old one and no problems. A few of my friends have gotten the same message. Not sure why it asked to do that since I'd never seen that before but so far nothing has gone wrong. Not sure about the screen not coming on though 
After salt water swims I take it in the shower with me and rinse off the outside and then flip it inside out and use a bit of body wash to clean the inside. So far so good after 3 years 
I'll give my $0.02. I have a 2012 Giant trinity composite and absolutely love it so I can attest to Giant. That said, you should choose the one that feels the best to you as most have said. Also, 105 and Ultegra are both sufficient. My Felt AR 5 has 105 and my Giant has Dura-Ace/ SRAM Red combo and the differences aren't that noticeable (mostly in front derailleur). As for the road bike and aero bars vs a true tri bike, I would say go for the tri bike. I had aero bars on my felt for 2 years and even did an ironman on it but I can definitely tell the difference in speed/effort/comfort on the Giant. 
I think [this](http://www.verizonwireless.com/smartphones/wificalling/) may answer your question. I don't see it in the list. 
That pretty much what I do and it's been working great so far. I usually do the same course at the beginning of every season just to see if it as changed. It's fluctuated a few beats per minute over the last 3 years so I didn't bother to change my zones. Mine are similar to yours and I'm in my mid/late 20s so I don't expect much change. Maybe in the next 5 or so years I'll see some change but I guess that's the benefit of being a somewhat young (27) male for now. My dad (57) is obviously quite a bit lower so I do expect change over time. 
In all fairness theres a pretty big gap between the HTC Evo and the GS6 so not the best comparison although I loved my Evo. First android phone I had and got me started on rooting and custom ROMs
I personally did it to get an app drawer and to place apps where I wanted. I hate the grid of iOS and hate that every app has to be on a page even if I rarely use it. Also some small aesthetic things like making the dock fully transparent and different keyboard colors. 
Yeah I don't hate on him for it. I'm amazed he only had to resort to the elliptical as few times as he did. I have an injured calf and have been on the elliptical for a couple months and I wanna go office space on those damn machines. 45 minutes on one of those feels like a marathon to me. I couldn't imagine actually doing the 26.2 miles on it 
I've been using [this](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B015NSZ4RM/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_awd_gQddxb587CVQ3) one for a couple months now and love it. 
So how does that work when I got up to our lake house in the sticks and I can't even make a call let alone get data? The test drive was great because it at least showed me that I could survive very easily in day to day life but going to the lake as often as I do made ditching Verizon impossible 
I found if you get the white ones you're usually ok. Navy is usually pretty good but orange is hit or miss. I got an orange Payton jersey and it's like creamcicle orange. First game I wore it was when we beat Green Bay in Lambeau so I decided to keep it 
If you're worried about your head position then you may want to look into one that doesn't have a tail. They're definitely more aero but once you put that tail into the air it becomes more resistance than a standard helmet. I'm in the road so I don't have any good articles handy but I personally use a giro air attack shield and love it. I know I move my head around a bunch during the ride so it's nice not having to even worry about it 
I would start with the [profile design](http://www.profile-design.com/product/aerobars/) t2+or t4+ as those are probably the most common ones you'll find on many tri bikes and most commonly used clip ons. I personally like the ski bend t4 but it's all preference. I tried the t2 with the S bend but didn't like them as much because of the angle my wrists had to be at so I imagine the straight ones would be even worse for me. 
Exactly. Not sure if it's just easier in the newer games or I just finally started training my Pokemon right but I feel like my team was always on average level 40 by the time I reached the elite 4 whereas my first run on X my team was all in the 70s. If I could do that then I would be more likely to use the pseudos. 
I know the pain on the life and skipping workouts. I was pretty strict for my first full but I have gotten lazy here in the last year making it tough. I think the strategy depends on the person. Like others have said, you don't wanna suffer during the run but you also want to play into your strengths. I myself am a pretty good swimmer, mediocre at best on the bike (not the best for this sport), and the run is my strength. I knew my swim course was easy so I tried to take advantage and came out of the water fast and just stayed in my HR zones on the bike and left it all on the course for the run. If you're a strong cyclist then try to get your position done there and make sure you leave enough gas to maintain your goal pace for the run. This is all assuming you're trying to be competitive. The overall biggest factor in an IM in my opinion is nutrition and sticking to your plan. Don't go chasing the rabbit or get caught up trying to catch people. Just run your race and most importantly have fun. 

Hope some of this helps. 
Yeah I do like Quagsire but only had the patience to use tyranitar once in an old silver run through. I generally like to use the ones that I like the most rather than the most powerful ones but that's easier said than done sometimes. Dugtrio doesn't always pack the biggest punches or last long
Yeah I'm not really sure. I guess since I just never used them I never paid attention. But yeah, can't really think of any other animal they resemble 
It is pretty adorable. I'm not sure why I never used Donphan. Every run through I do I always say I need a good ground type and I never do it. Nidoking was always my go to but might need to change that up 
Not sure why I never really though of Phanpy and Donphan as elephants but I can't really think of any other animal that they look like. I don't really pay attention to details though. 