For the longest time (until about 3 seconds ago) I thought that was just a popular band.

Boy was I wrong.
When are we going to start getting the "name a more iconic duo" memes?
Maybe it's deserved.  Have always hated the stem circlejerk, and this seems like good karma.
Every smug asshole needs to experience what you went through. It will knock them down a peg and make them more enjoyable to be around.
My favorite thing about this imverysmart post is all the imverysmart commenters saying political science is trash compared to superior stem majors.

You people are a fucking parody of the shit this sub makes fun of.  Get a grip.
I really dislike this revisionist history around Comey. Guys a fucking sleaze bag for what he did during the 2016 election.  He got what he deserved when he effectively put this dipshit in the White House.
The fuck terminology you using?  These are people, not animals.
No he isn't
It's not
I guess the answer is no then.
When it comes to bin laden, my understanding is that the DOD didn't make Osama Bin Laden a priority and Obama changed that.

I think that deserves some credit.
The second I turn into the left wing version of those "Obama is the Antichrist" troglodytes is the day I lose faith in our institutions.
Can you tell me exactly what trump did?  Like, hard evidence?  Trump is a narcissist, there's no debating that, but I'm willing to give him his due where it's deserved (this includes recent statements about scientology, but again, this is talk not action).

Foreign leaders stroking an American presidents ego is not new, and for Trump, I'd guess it's a regular occurrence.
If anyone knows of other songs that sound like Iowa, drop some of tracks bud.  It's pretty standout on this album.
I live Iowa.  Anyone know of other stuff that sounds like it?
Hwatch 2 classic is like, almost everything I want, but why the fuck does it have numbers on the face ring?mm
This looks too sporty, and not like, a watch you could wear to a nice dinner
JFC

How hard is it to make a watch that:

Has NFC

Has good battery life

and doesn't look like a sports watch

Seriously, that's ALL i'm looking for, and the damn thing doesn't exist.

Bewildering...
If only it had US LTE bands...
Aint capitalism grand?
Damn dude, didn't catch that the first go round
Bone zone
He, in a round about way, is kind of making America better I guess?
Apple music is shit on android
That sounds awful
Let's not make assumptions about their cloud locker service.  I'm cautiously optimistic
You can try to back it up now by just copying it to a regular playlist.  Auto playlists may go six feet under, but they are seriously inept if they get rid of actual hand curated ones users put together.
I can think of scenarios where you're at a social event, chromecast a sick playlist to the TV, and if there is a video associated with the song, the video will play.

Sounds pretty fun actually.
One positive to this is that it may someday appear built in on smart TVs and get an Xbox app.

I may be dreaming though.
If they mess this up, then it may be the push I need to go to Spotify.  Don't screw it up Google.
Kill me, whats the different from just making a google assistant reminder?
Yeah, everyone needs to hate jerk windows 10 and their forced updates.

Little do they know the reason they do this is because olds and dummies never really the damn thing, making windows an easy target for malware.  I personally would rather have forced updates than a bunch of botnets.
Tax foreign property investment!  This will solve a lot of problems regarding housing costs, but are any gubernatorial candidates shouting from the rooftops about this? Not from what I can tell
Eugh
Maybe we could take some money from those million dollar per missile weapons we use?

Also, tax foreign property investment.  I'm sick if seeing Californian homes sitting empty with the cost of housing being so high here because people abroad though it would be a good investment.
I may have been thinking of that phone that has the camera that pops in and out
Sunset overdrive
I prefer Google bill fold personally
Return it and get one from the Google store
Familiars is a better album

Bracing for downvotes.
Whataboutism in action

Android also have a better notification system.
Have you seen the thread where someone asked how to stop the "iCloud storage is full" notification?

All the replies we're to stop being cheap and pay for upgraded icloud storage.  Fuck these people.
Macs are not iphones
You guys know that manufacturers can change the pin layouts for these things right?  This may be a "don't break your fucking speaker with a standard microusb cable" design.
Based on Reddit demographics, you're probably a 18-25 year old white male of mid to high socioeconomic status.  I can't say I'm surprised you don't know many Android people.
You know what's funny, if apple allowed for imessage to be an Android app, they could dominate the entire US messaging market, and find a way to monotize it.

But they will never do that, because they think it will cannibalize their phone sales.  To that I say, if you think people will change phone platforms because you made a proprietary messaging service multiplatform, you really didn't have a strong product to begin with, or at least think you don't.  Sad.
Others have echoed the point I'm about to make, but the problem is there is no STANDARD messaging app here in the US.  I know people who have hangouts but not fb messenger, people use Instagram messages, etc.

SMS and imessage are just defaults because everyone has it.  If Facebook wasn't a POS and didn't bloat the hell out of their messaging app, I think they could have really taken the market.  As of now, it's really only used to contact people when I don't know their phone number.
ATT has rich messaging, and has for a while, but only on specific phones that are on the same network.  Universal profile is what we're talking about here, and they've said they are on board, but don't have a time frame.
What color will my bubble be though?  That's the real question.
"I have the worst f***ing attorneys"
I don't really like the burn in on my oled screens.  In fact, removing any static elements without removing utility should be the goal, so I kind if welcome this (not sure how to solve the status bar, but that's a question for another time)

I'm sure the a "back" gesture wouldn't be difficult to implement.  One phone had it where you swipe up from the bottom where the buttons would have been.  Sounds like a good solution to me
I'm at work, so I can't watch, but does the iPhone still not bundle notifications?  That one thing seems like the worst aspect of iOS notifications
What a pointless and stupid change.  Christ Almighty
That pc comment isn't exactly true.  Some games require a fuck ton of tinker just to run right, do you think the average consumer wants to deal with that? No, they absolutely don't.
I paid 3.21 in socal

Really depends on where you live.

Edit: this was in Orange, CA near Chapman
Here are some reasons I stick with Android:

I'm already on the Android ecosystem (apps, watch, Google home).  This isn't that huge a reason to be honest, as these things arent locked down like on the apple side of the equation

Notifications: iOS notifications are atrocious

Variety: if I want a headphone jack, I can get a phone with a headphone jack

Customized experience: i don't have to have own a Mac to text from a computer (Pushbullet), I can sideload apps, utilize tasker, etc.

USB C: USB c is a standard, and I've been using it for a while and have never needed a replacement.  The stupid lightning cables bust in a 6 month period and are literally only used for that one device.  Super stupid.

OS: iOS has looked like a god damn mess since iOS 7 was released.  I don't want a bunch of ugly pastel icons (that, in one way or another, have to have all on my home screen since there is no app drawer).  I much prefer the system language in android, even with these changes.  Material design is much more pleasing to my eye than whatever junk apple is pushing these days with their pastel gradients and frosted glass.

The only reason id move over the iOS would be due to imessage.  RCS may negate that soon, so it isn't even that much of a pull.  Everything is either a wash or in Androids favor.
Yeah, where's the shitty meta bullshit I come here for.
Literally guys
He would be pissed about how reconstruction went tbh
I'll take anything, thanks.
Mr popular over here
If you think this is going to end well, you're in for a bad time. Get out while you can.  No confidence in the oval means no confidence in the markets, and it's going to bounce around for the next few years.

Say goodbye to stable growth.  Might as well invest in crypto at this point.
You should change your name to bad stock advice.
I dumped my stocks shortly after his election.  I knew it was only a matter of time.
Since you can't vote, I assume you don't have a car.  Closest districts to Buffalo that aren't a strong Dem district are NY-27 and NY-23.

NY-23 is more competitive but farther away, but im not sure who the den running is.  Try to contact any campaigns running for Congress in those districts.  Everything helps.  My favorite thing to look at with regards to wave elections is what seats fall that weren't even on the board. Bot ny 23/27 could do that.
Unsure why ca-45 is still lean R and not a tossup, a poll for a few days ago said trump is at 37% approval in Orange county.  I assure you UC Irvine and the surrounding areas will make this a tough climb.
The freeway will be forever borked.  We need more rail or something to take the strain off our highways.  Will it ever happen? No.
For white rich kids.
Paint the orange curtain blue!
For undecided Dems, your best bet it to follow polling up until the primary, and support the leading dem if you think either candidate would do.

The worst scenario is one in which two Republicans make it to the general. This is a great chance to obliterate republican representation in Congress by eliminating every federal republican from Orange County.  

I can see the four seats on OC (39, 45, 48, 49) going either way, especially with the primary elections being a huge unknown variable.  Be smart, and make informed choices!
Also 2006 was more than a decade ago.
Could be name rec, don't get cocky.

I'll wait and see how this race looks after both candidates have started airing ads across the state.
He's now a member of Congress!  South Carolina sure loves their Christian values!
Hey Donnie dumbfuck, just go all in, and put a trade embargo on all Chinese imports.  I'm ready to make America great again by destroying the US economy and entering into full on anarchy.

Let's do this guys, hope you have your prepper bunker stocked with food!
Does everyone hate Familiars or something?  It's such a beautiful album, and was the first album I could really get into.
Can I put Revisited ten times?

1. Revisited
2. Parade
3. Kettering
4. Hotel
5. Palace
6. Two
7. Bear
8. Shiva
9. Director
10. Refuge
Get out
Why is this being upvoted? Haven't people been doing this for half a decade with laptops?
We Don't Deserve Jokes
Why can't they remake Mario rpg.  That's something I love a little too much.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=wqbeyFacRVw

NJ-02 my dude
Did you have to do that in a year the supreme Court hung in the balance though?
What a weak response. If you want to play something mindless that doesn't require any brain utilization, there are plenty of options out there for you.

People love Bioshock and Bioshock infinite for a reason. In no uncertain terms, the critical political messages in both were an integral part of the experience.
Would Bioshock be Bioshock if it had no political critique?  I'd argue it wouldn't be as beloved.

The mixture of these things (gameplay, story, setting, etc.). Can make something okay into something great.

If there isn't much of an emphasis on political motivations, it seems like a bit of a let down to me.  
Tbh, the marketing seemed to imply there would be a lot of political content, and the fact there isn't actually makes me less interested.  I'm betting Ubi didn't want to step on the toes of potential customers in the US.

What a bummer
His campaign went to shit when got third in Iowa.  Not because of a stupid gaffe
Stop receiting this false fact.  His polls were falling before that speech, which he gave winning third in Iowa, when he was seen as the front runner months prior.
Authorities cannot force you to provide your PIN, but they can compel you to provide your fingerprint or other biometric data
Unfortunately his next election isn't until 2022
Except they don't need any authorization to scan your face/fingerprint to unlock your phone
It talks about bears
Young *white* men 👌

Edit:

Triggered some folks.

Sorry guys, you should have known this wasn't going to be a safe space.

You can go back to T_d though, I'm sure you won't get triggered in that echo chamber of a Russian bot nest
What does this even do...
This is minimalism to me, not some stupid aethetic of white on white.

It's not buying useless dumb shit in the first place.
What this guy said.  It's not all sun and fun all the time.  Sometimes it rains and traffic gets bad.

What I'm saying is leave some housing for me.
Really loved their self titled album, and this song is great too.  Hope to keep hearing more stuff from these guys in the future.
Really like I was a Fool

I imagine a really nice, slow acoustic version of that song would be killer.  I wonder if one will ever be recorded, live or otherwise.

Still working my way through the album, but I'm liking it so far
The thing about South county is that it's political power is essentially diluted.  It's split three ways between 49, 45 and 48.

The 49th is anchored in San Diego,

The 45th is anchored in Irvine (nominally South county, but really not so culturally)

The 48th takes in liberal enclave of Laguna Beach and up to coast with Newports conservatism being moderated by Costa Mesa

It's interesting when you think about it, South county may be represented by 3 dems come January, but if it we're all contained in one district, it would probably be a safe GOP district
Was Russia our "biggest geopolitical foe" in 2012?  Debatable.  Definitely up there now.  If anything, Romney had tremendous foresight, and as someone who didn't vote for him, I can say we should have paid more attention to this aspect of his foreign policy platform.
GOP has been losing ground voter registration wise for a while.  I remember ruminating in 2012 (as an intern on a congressional campaign here in Orange County), that the tide was about to turn within the next decade here.  I'm so happy to see it happened while I can still vote and be apart of the processess.  There is a very real chance that every congressional district that touches orange county will be represented by a democrat in 2019 (in order of most to least likely to flip: 49, 39, 45, 48), and that just blows my mind.

The only issues I can see right now that may stop that from happening is the states absurd top two primary system.  The only remedy for that is for OC voters to be informed when they go to the polls in June, and vote strategically.  
We have the same commission we used last time. Doubt it will prouce lines that are super different from what we have today
Oof
We probably won't win the 14th, but in terms of maximizing our reach, having lamb run in the 14 (more difficult than old 18), and having someone a little more lib run in the 17 (pretty even partisan wise) would have been great 

Again, not a huge deal, but still would have been nice if he took one for the team and ran an even more difficult race
17th is so marginal (way easier for a Dem to win vs. old 18th), wish he had ran in the 14th. Oh well.
Vote out lipinski

Surprised this primary race hasn't gotten a lot of traction here
Exactly, he's a Russia asset.  Putin doesn't give a fuck about what he says, his continued existence in Russia is simply a fuck you to the west.
Yeah right, maybe 2020
It's why I'm voting for Chiang
Pollster is unknown, but something is better than nothing.

The group behind the poll appears to be a democratic leaning group though.

http://ca7project.com
CA-39

IA-01

MN-02

AZ-02

VA-10

MN-08

PA-06

NJ-02

FL-27

PA-05
Is it because you can only see in one color?
This change in voice actors hurt me the most :'(((
I'm here for the Reddit r/bestof post in  6 months to a year.

Hi future people
Assume this is a Midnight release single. Sigh
Get a better phone
[The good ole Reddit infinity loop-a-roo](https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/84ocwv/til_the_bikini_was_named_after_a_pacific_island/dvrl3x2/)
Ever think the text may have been trying to point out how so little changed when taking into account how many died?

Edit: fixed some horrible typos
No, this is good. People need to be reminded what an absolute pile of trash this man is.
Feel free to move to Arizona buddy
I'm so glad 100 subs decided to post about the news.

Not sure I would have seen it if it was only posted to 99 subs
Att showed off universal profile RCS back in Jan 2017.  Absurd how it's been this long and we've heard no new developments
Don't let perfection be the enemy of good
Do you do that on your phone though?
Video chat w/ your parents or relatives?  There are reasons beyond selfies...
Shit Reddit says
Man, UCI played such a poor game there at the end. Really sad to watch :/
https://issuetracker.google.com/issues?q=componentid:190602%20status:open

I'd submit to the issue tracker, as well as the feedback pane in the OS itself
Garlicoin is dead

Long live Garlicoin!
Vibration strength seriously depends on how tight your watch is.  I have it a bit looser, and it's not noticable enough to wake me up
Is there something that indicates if you're watch has the updated back plate (serial number?). I got my watch in august of last year, and would like to future proof if possible.
I have the Nixon Mission, but sadly, I only utilize it when in working out, and don't wear it at all times.  Battery life isn't too bad from what I can tell though. [here's a screenshot of what I've seen today](https://i.imgur.com/9MegP69.png)
Let's update that big west board, it's going to be an orange county faceoff between UCI and CSUF

Zot zot!
It's actually male genitalia
Put it in the issue tracker

That's why they have these previews, so people can give feedback
The rape of Nanking was nbd fam
Your grasp of Russian history is a bit lacking.

There were free elections in 1917, yes, but when Lenin's party didn't win a majority, he took over anyway.
This is literally out of 1984
Zoot zoot
A tariff has more to do with physical goods.
There's a solution: implement a heavy tax on residential property when it's owned by someone living outside the US.
He doesn't take into account foreign nationals buying up property.
If this had us bands, I may import
They have nothing to learn. iOS 7 design onward is attrocious frosted glass bullshit.  Material design is way better
Oof
What is the typical head unit resolution that comes in cars these days?  I have no idea what the standard is, though I'm almost certain that VGA isn't the standard.
Is there a third party android auto head unit that isnt 640x480 and cost an arm and a leg?

It's so maddening seeing how expensive all these stupid head units are and then see they are an absurd VGA resolution.

There doesn't even need to be much tech in the damn thing, the phone does all the work!
I'll have to cross check with AT&T supported bands.  It's crazy we don't have true world phones yet RE supported bands
How do I import
If you listen to that song enough, I'd assume a shortcut with the artists name may work in the query
Texas secession doesn't actually sound the worst from an electoral vote standpoint.  Also Ted Cruz wouldn't be in the Senate anymore.
It's not as bad as it use to be (voted Clinton in 2016).

But that's mostly because of changing demographics, Trump being a fucking clown and hard to swallow for educated voters (aka a good percentage of OC, especially whites)
>Nancy Pelosi

>Defending vidya

>[MRW](https://i.imgur.com/0aKgb2d.gif)


Hahahahhahahahaha
So we could all experience

MEGADETH
Not really much to talk about is there?
I really hope there's news about RCS Universal profile implementation from any major US carriers that comes out in the next few days.
I just learned the guys name today by reading the linked article.
This sounds like a flagship, but what's with the 600 series SOC?
Did somebody say headphone jack?

Hold me close, I may cry.
Does she have a bad English accent too?
Relay for reddit is taking a large amount of battery for some reason
Hurr Durr mAh privacy
They don't have any laws in Somalia, must be a great place to live.
Redditor for 7 months
"The Dems"

Every Sanders fanboys favorite Boogeyman.  Clinton ran for president, no one made her run.

She won the primaries too, no matter how much you want to claim fraud, she won, got the most votes and the most delegates.

Get
Over
It
Is anyone going to comment that this is a former republican rep from Florida who said this?
He'd argue there's a final solution
My favorite post on reddit, of all time, was on /r/circlejerk:

If Ron Paul is elected, he will reduce the number of Pokemon to 150.

Can we just go back to the OG shit?
Redditor for one year
Redditor for 6 months
Redditor for one year
Really love perfect game, excited for DANZ!
I still have my n6, and use it regularly, but tbh, the performance is really not great when compared to even the OG Pixel (which I still use as my daily and love it).

How are you handling the less than stellar performance?  I should also note I put linerage 14.1 on it.
You have any data to back up that claim?
Positions for next year don't really go up until mid to late march
Somebody
It teaches people the read the directions, is a skill that isn't too common these days
Do carriers even subsidize phones anymore?  I thought it was pure financing outside of Promos
*As I'm fading away*
Op is getting his PhD, his mom still picks him up from school tho
Simpsons did it
Me2thx
This is why smaller FCUs are great

They have such a small base of clients, that trying this with a credit union in any meaningful way just isn't going to yield results the way it would with a big national.
Are you fucking kidding me?

iOS is a buggy piece of shit with no QA. My family even complains about it now, and they aren't tech inclined at all.
How often do *normals* even open the Android pay app?

Once you add your card(s), it's pretty much something you never open again, you just tap. Pay. Go.


What?

Have you received your 10:1 lcc:ltc ratio or have you sold your lcc
It's on gdax and a low barrier to entry
Years*
When I have a sweet tooth, I go straight for a bag of phones.  Always hits the spot.

Make sure to brush your teeth!
I'm gonna wait till it's $100
Triggered
I prefer thunder muscle
Their album comes out this week, excited to hear it
Coin codex

https://coincodex.com/crypto/litecoin-cash/
Robin hood
They made a ton of changes, some good, some bad.  The problem was that the website, from a an actual stability standpoint, was extremely inconsistent, and started popping up shitty errors constantly with an ox and a broken wagon wheel similar to something you'd see in Oregon trail.

It was so constant that I was over it. And here I am.  I actually made a Reddit account before the real shitstorm, so I got to proudly proclaim I'm better than all those ankle bitting refugees.

I wonder what happened to mr.babyman
I wonder if half the morons on this site even know what digg is/was
It actually fits the dystopian vibes present in vaporwave and retrofuturism in general.
World building was good, setting was interesting 

Story, acting and writing was bad

I liked Poe though
This is some good shit
Website says Feb 18-19, so in the next 24 hours
I meant acting wise
I find it interesting treble devices like the OG Pixel and pixel 2 aren't on this list
I hate white Kovacs and Ortega
The acting was not great (specifically the two leads, white Kovacs and Ortega, just terrible)

There were so many threads I had a hard time keeping track of (not until the last episode did I understand why anyone gave a fuck about Mary Lou henchy)

I watched it in a day, I loved the setting and the questions I brought up, but the story and the acting really hurts this show.  If they can fix those two things, I might watch season two.  The good thing is the tech in the show allows you to recast people easily.  If you're going to make a second season make some real casting changes 


Joel is the worst.  I hope if they do a second season they have will Yun Lee that that role.
Skilled actors? Is that a joke?
If there is a certain genre of music you like, try getting a slot at kuci

You meet some cool people
How else are we going to roast the beans?
They're just jealous
iOS in general
Fat man and little boy
Alabama
If we could get back to the ATH, that would be great
What season is this?  I could have sworn it was an early one, but the 16x9 ratio and better quality makes me wonder...
I love gifs that put cats in their place
How tall? I'm 6'3", and and if I could drop even 20lbs from something like this, that would be sick
Getting the music manager for PC let's you just throw mp3s/files in a folder and it uploads in the background
Old people refuse to change their habits
When is the fork
Where's that fucking beep boop bot. I actually have to type in my music streaming app??  
This album has grown on me a bit as time has gone on, just as every Wombats album does.  I wonder how it will hold up in the long term though.  This is easily their weakest one, with each album progressively becoming weaker since *A Guide to Love Loss and Desperation*.

I wonder if they'll ever go back to their original indie pop sound.  I wouldn't mind hearing some new stuff in that style.

6.5/10
Good guy Google
Civil procedure sucks!  It's what made be bail on law school.  It's more complicated than it should be regarding where a case like this should take place.

Add in multiple defendants, and baby, you've got a stew goin
Yeah, just try reading this while listening to sad music
You've gotten rejected because of your height?  That sounds odd to me, then again, I'm not 6'5"
What's a palette
Spoiler: Russia's economy isn't diversified enough to be considered a super power.  The world is slowly moving past oil, and Russia's fossil fuel economy is basically hurting because of it.  That doesn't sound like a super power to me.
This makes me wonder if human meat is tasty to any animal.  Supposedly sharks don't really like it.
Please point to evidence of cheating, and no, DNC emails where party members show a preference to a lifelong Democrat over a Johnny come lately indie who decided to run as a Democrat doesn't count.
Looks like a libertarian paradise to me
Some people are truly dumb
Common sense
Actual small/smaller indie bands get shoved aside for bigger named acts that don't even fit the genre like smashing pumpkins.

I like this sub for discussion as well, and discussion of unknown actual indie acts would be awesome
But why
This really is the worst timeline
Is this band considered indie now.
No
Also zero chance of winning a general election
Is that why he's been elected statewide in West Virginia constantly since 2000?
Did Obama win West Virginia?
If you stupid fuckers actually think primarying Joe Manchin is going to make America more progressive, you fucking deserve to live in Trump's America, because you don't have the critical thinking skills to understand that you're not going to elect BERNIE FUCKING SANDERS IN 
#WEST VIRGINIA
Well, you sure sound like an engineer
This is a joke right.
You should play with a pixel device
The person conducting that interview was insufferable
What if it was clean Android
Maybe if you live in flyover country
Steve is a fuckboy. Who cares
That's just my educated guess TBH, don't take it as gospel.
Guy-girl have same phone.  They may judge each other based on looks, speaking style, walking style, maybe even state phone is in (damaged, old, etc.)  

Same scenario but different phones leads to 15 times more likely to be judgey than one person, and 21 times more likely for other person.
But which phone did you use?
Their want to be an empire, as well as being shafted during the Treaty of Paris doesn't equate to Desperation of the countries populous
Than someone who has the same os
Jesus Christ Reddit has a hard-on for Elon.

This isn't by any means a murder by words, but I assume people upvote it because Elon musk is affiliated with it
Both dating partners having the same OS is the baseline
I'm getting the sense that libertarians are inherently ideologues that don't give a fuck about actual impact of their policy decisions, and just say x because it aligns with y.

They don't give a fuck about the deficit, they just use it as an excuse to cut tax for the wealthy, just like ever other conservative here in the good ole US of A
Isn't that fiscal responsibility?
He'll have gold in a bunker
What is Aleppo?

Is it a dog food?
He voted for the tax bill
Yo, can we get a flair from this album art? I've had enough trolling with my everything now one.
Both having the same os
Redditor for 11 months
Explain Mussolini
Og Moto x?
You're right, I had still been listening to the low quality leak, which was a little different for some reason
The start of that song sounds like some generic pop junk that would be on a top 40 station.  Ugh, I hate it so much.
If one didn't exist, we'd still have headphone jacks
makes sense
TBF, liking country is a glimpse into their social priorities
Squirtgun
Mentioned this in the leak thread, but pretty bummed by the non single tracks on this album. Also really dislike Lethal Combination.

Lemon to a Knife Fight, Turn (With the Single version being different and better??????EDIT: This is only the case on the Vinyl version of the record) and Cheetah Tongue are great through.  Maybe the last track is okay as well.  It all just sounds sort of meh to me.  And I'm a huge fan.

If you've somehow wandered in here never having listened to the Wombats, do yourself a favor and give Your Guide to Love, Loss, and Desperation, and This Modern Glitch a listen.  Far better albums in my opinion.  I feel similarly about GlitterBug, okay singles, meh everywhere else. 
There are FLAC rips out now, you could probably wait until it goes live on streaming services though, it's only like, what, 13 hours til release? (Maybe sooner depending on which country you live in)
I'm not sure why people "save themselves" for official release.  What's the point?
Received my garlic yesterday, just wanted to say thanks for all the work that was put into this!
The idea of Russia being out largest geopolitical foe in 2012 was either great foresight, or reckless.

I remember the Obama administration looking to have better relations with Russia right after the 2008 election, and I wouldn't be surprised if Romney was just trying to bring up old USSR fear and diminish Obama's state department goals.

Remember that Obama had a huge foreign policy win with Russia in late 2010 with the ratification of the new START nuclear arms reduction treaty 

The hot mic thing I think is over dramatized.  The situation is true in every instance.  Will there be more leeway for any policy making AFTER an election?  Of course there will be.  Such a nothing burger "news" story.
They sure do like to jerk themselves off about being this way though.

LOOK AT US, WE'RE SO SUPERIOR BECAUSE WE AREN'T AN ECHO CHAMBER

DAE ENLIGHTENED LIBERTARIANS???
The cringe is strong
My current phone ☝️

It's fast, will get quick updates, has a stellar camera, battery life, stock Android and, of course, headphone jack
Drugs are a helluva drug
You should throw it to him
I love Austria!

G'day mate!
So, a cookie?
Should be no question if you actually love the person

But some people have other priorities in life
I searched redacted, and my search came up with nothing on the page, should probably say redacted (RED) so that others don't run into this issue in the future.
No way its the bitrate.

Either its different so they can see who might have leaked it, or the single version is just going to be different than the album version for whatever reason.  I noticed that they extended the outro for cheetah tongue as well.
Really hate Lethal Combination.  Kind of an amalgamation of the direction I really don't like seeing the band go.

I like the singles.  Still going through the album though

EDIT: This album is a disappointment, and I'm super bummed about it.

Why the fuck can't we have Your Guide to Love, Loss And Desperation Part II???
Yeah, why is it different??
[The Wombats - Turn](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SWwfT8yyz0Y)
I've never experienced this  ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
Google Play Music does this WAY better with their cloud locker.
Google Play Music has more subscribers than Tidal...
Redditor for two months
Pretty good, think it's on the weaker side of their singles for the album though
They should send email then
When's that Wombats album gonna leak
Com majors? Eh
I miss diamond Joe.
The beauty of having not a full catalogue is that you can add your own stuff to it
Apple music is attrocious on Android.  How the hell do you even deal with the constant crashing????
Only thing is the UI kinda sucks, and uploading is kinda hit and miss
You just need to get into the garlic mines
You live the holoyolo life it seems.  I'm looking for something a little more material design in nature.
Not sure bud, maybe sign up at the bottom of the Google home page on the Google store?
Really enjoy she works out too much

Maybe I'm not super in tune with the leak game, but I feel as if a leak one weak ahead of time isn't actually that bad.
Make sure to check your email.  I got a Mini (for free too!) and also got a a free $34 audiobook
This now makes me ask if there is any way I can upload my own Audiobooks to Google Play Books, or if there is a preferred app that lets you listen to audio files and it saves your location in the audio
Honestly, this huge fucking drop in cryptos is going to keep big players away from this stuff
This happened throughout the end of december and the start of January.  And look where we are now.
This chart doesn't take into account an extinction level event.
Redditor for 1 year
Google photos?  Facebook compresses the shit out of photos uploaded via mobile
GVSD1mvQi1bX8t68VYV3n6f5YguC8C8fBD

I'm in!
Happy to hear the Jets have been scrambled

#garlicoin2018
He's still a Russian asset
How many calories is this.  I bet way too much
Redditor for 1 week
Hate it when my phone gets sleepy
This is bullshit,

Bring back the Tsar!
Yeah, he's a fucking tool
Redditor for 23 minutes
What if I told you this post is a circle jerk congratulating yourselves on being superior to everyone else.
can't be charged with obstruction if still obstructing

Headpointmeme.jpg
Redditor for 3 minutes
Reddit user for 9 months
Reddit user for 12 months
Oh no. Those poor Indies. Maybe if they wanted to vote in the DEMOCRATIC primary, they should have been DEMOCRATS.

Take your sour grapes and go home with this victim complex.  At the end of the day, Sanders lost because the Clinton's had a lot of good will with the parties base of support, specifically black and Hispanic voters.  Look at how the deep South and west voted.  It wasn't white people driving the outcome in these states, which is why Clinton won huge there.

But go ahead and claim voter fraud like Trump does when the fact is brought up that he lost the popular vote. You're in good company.
Starts with an R

Ends in an ace
Sounds like have a huge oven
Glub glub
Been in the crypto game since 2014 my friend
You're trying to point out a logical inconsistency that isn't there.

Bitcoin in 2009 -> could have been more than a speculative asset

Bitcoin today -> fully cemented itself as a speculative asset, and won't ever be anything else.
I am serious.  Bitcoin will only ever be a speculative asset at this point
> really need Bitcoin

> The poor

My sides
You're joking right?  I'm really sure the governing party wants to go through this shit show again.  Having the government shut down once makes you look week, a second time in a month makes you look incompetent.  The opposition has a stronger hand going into these negotiations now.  And as I noted CHIP can't be used as a bargaining chip.  Now if Ds voted to fully fund the government for a year, then I'd be upset 
Chip go funded for next to nothing (3 week continuing resolution). The GOP caved in trying to use KIDS as a bargaining chip.  When those 3 weeks are up, back to square 1, but with CHIP off the table.
It's almost as if OP is a dumbshit trying to make a political point by simply saying CA and something negative.
Crashes a shit ton too.  Horrific experience
Consumer protection laws have always been a thing.  I'm happy about WA doing this.  It would really only be better if a whole slate of states did it though.
It's actually a high quality book
During too!
We def need discussion on not so popular albums.  I feel like everyone on Indie heads focuses on like 2 or three big albums a week.  There's so much music out there!  I already am going to be familiar with the well known acts, let me see discussion on lesser known groups.
Really really love "rainy, time of year", and how it moves seamlessly into "melissa's poem pt. 1"
Truly newsworthy
I always have though CSR, especially their newest Song, was the most cookie cutter indie shit I've ever heard.

But I also liked everything now, so what do I know.
This guy analyizes
People sure do get defensive when the idea that their body art is not only viewed by others as being in poor taste, but the person actually sporting it thinks the same.

See if you can count how many comments bring up 3/4ths of people don't regret it.

Those are shitty stats.  For something that's permanent and completely optional, you'd think those numbers would be better.
What until this guy finds out the line under Amazon connects the a and the z, or that the FedEx logo has an arrow in it
Your assumption is incredibly off base
10% wtf?

Sales tax is not that high unless you're in a county that also adds sales tax ontop of the state sales tax.
You don't happen to live in Alabama do you?
Guess they didn't love them that much if they couldn't talk it out.
I cannot, in any instance, think of someone doing this, and not being selfish.  If you're not happy in your relationship, talk it out or end it, and do whatever you want.  Don't fuck around while you're supposedly with someone, it's really fucked up, and I'm pretty sure I can demonize people who do that.
Just like us!
It's a pride thing
👌
2018-1974=50???
>Yeah, pretty much what I expected. A sea of idiots and ideologues. Well done OC.

In the county that brought us the great Richard Nixon?  Why I never...
Now I want to play fallout new Vegas...
It's a mystery
They don't get to put on the box "Designed in California" if they move to Texas.

There's more to location than you seem to realize.
What's worse though.  People working and not being paid, or people not working and not being paid.

If this goes on long enough, it will piss off military folks.
Congressional retirements indicate one of two things for that specific rep

1.  This race + environment is going to be hard, and I don't want to dedicate the time, effort and resources required

2. All of the above, plus the odds of me winning are in the high single digits
>I'd rather be dead in California then alive in Arizona

-Lucille Bluth
Not with that attitude
So you bought high

Have you sold low yet?
In 4 years 👌
Also deaf in one ear.  Just wanted to say hi and that PUBG is supposedly way harder when your hearing is impaired. I wouldn't know of course, but I'm always pissed if I get shot at, not knowing where it's coming from
They probably talk about moon
Oh Jesus, I forgot how fucking stupid this movie was.
/r/moviescirclejerk is actually my go to
How do you know what it's not at
This is why cutting educating funding is a bad idea
So why do they all live in SF than live in Richmond if money is their pure calculation?
With treble support, I am willing to bet you can effectively use it for longer if your battery life doesn't become horrific
And all of silicon valley isn't going to leave in the span of 2 years.  
>Yeah, depending on your viewpoint
Irvine has no night life.  Santa Ana at least has SOMETHING (DTSA has bars and such)
Then why do they all want to live in SF?
That's why ladies love anteaters
They're looking down, looking for ants
Yeah, depending on your viewpoint, Irvine is one of them 
I'm sure apple is going to move to Arizona.  Because STEM people love living in a place with no culture.
Also, my financial dealings are out of bounds. Don't look there. Seriously. Like, don't do it. There's nothing there.
Why am I not surprised by that shitty soundtrack?
I'd rather not have a bloated message app, so thanks but no thanks.

I would use Facebook messenger for a bloated shit message experience.
Capped at 10k songs?  Like, in a playlist?
How bad is this habit on a scale of 1 to 10

Asking for a friend
The breakout seems weird, but the services are different.

Also, Xbox music is still around???
Why on Earth are people paying for Apple music?  Because it comes with their idevice?  The feature set and UI are attrocious, at least on Android

I'm also surpised that Google only has 4% market share.
Thankfully, that includes your inbred ass
It's illegal to lick doornobs on other planets
We can strip that title in November
$2,500 of restricted stock units that vest over time fuck you
This is really different from the other stuff on their album, and I enjoy it quite a bit
It needs to keep communities of interest together.  Having arbitrary lines that cut through cities doesn't do anything for fair representation.
Free market in action.  This shit caters to the lowest common denominator.
Just ask Roy Moore
I thought you didn't incure legal fees in small claims because you're your own lawyer.
Of course the economy is moving toward automation, but the fact that the claim is made that a service job centered business would *add* jobs, regardless of tax cuts, is a ridiculous claim.

When you control for store expansion, I HIGHLY doubt Walmart, or any other brick and mortar store will be creating jobs *new* going forward.  They have enough stock people (who may soon get replaced as well with the development of tech advancing) and are reducing cashier positions.  What other positions are there at Walmart?

Greeter?

I'm just trying to say this tax bill was a fucking scam, even if automation wasn't advancing.
Your framing is wrong.

Corps like Walmart say tax cuts create jobs via trickle down.

This shows that it doesn't.  They were never going to create jobs with this shit. Period.

Automation just makes this fact more poignant.
You can do that from the actual app info screen if you really want to force quit (long press app icon > app info)
If you're actually interested in moving over to GPM for whatever reason, there is a python script that can easily migrate playlists from spotify to GPM.  Super simple, and I've used it a few times.

https://github.com/rckclmbr/pyportify
Residential use of water is so small compared to ag use.  Why do I need to cut back as a resident when the impact is negligible to begin with??
Search is really the only way
Those services are just the ones I've tried
Sounds like you'd want to pick a curated GPM radio playlist.  I take song radio as attempting to find artist or songs similar in style/tone, which inevitably wouldn't just be top 40 hits depending on the song.
And what do you listen to primarily?
Money banking
It's so odd they did it that way, I mean how hard would it be for genius coder meth Damon to use the vr device to scan a copy the brain, and the DNA scanner to build the biological body, and meld the two in a virtual space?  Literally an extra 15 seconds could have made the thing so much more plausible
Maga
Go to the compaign website and send them an email!
This guy should make a breath of the wild video

Over hyped af in my opinion
There's still a bunch of carpet baggers running in the primary.
Sure do love getting that SALT deduction reduced!  Really helps in this area of where housing is expensive, and I love paying more in taxes to subsidize wealthy people.

-Op, probably
The other day it said I had 100 likes, and I have 25 matches. So, am I a picky fuck?
Are you joking?  All their avocados take a week+ to ripen.  I'd wish the sold some of their produce two days before it rots.
Except on weekends
Nice rebuttal
I've never had any issues in my pixel, so I'd have to ask which phones you were using
I got the Nixon Mission, and while it is missing nfc, I'm not sure that feature is absolutely necessarily, as my phone is quite dandy when it comes to payments.
They're selling Chromecasts now.  Maybe they're partnering for a shared ecosystem or something.
Muh webtop
It could always time out listening after 10 seconds
Simply more versatility
How do you feel about the misfit vapor?
Possible Announcements:

New Wear Devices

New OS (Jan 9, 9 PM, Android 9?)

New Assistant features (gif alludes to this)

An RCS related announcement (my personal hope is this)

Google Fuschia

Tablets

Some partnership with Amazon

Re branding of services (Google Pay, now perhaps a re-branding of Play?)


I was kind of miffed when they broke out nfc payments from wallet, so, I can only be unmiffed when they put it back.

Here's to more app consolidation in 2018
I get a certain market segment likes iOS because of it's walled garden, but it is beyond me why anyone technically inclined would go with such a locked down ecosystem.
What I've found that helps in keeping routines is try to get a streak going. The longer the streak, the hard it is to rationalize not weighing in and breaking your 20 day streak, or going over your calorie intake.  

Starting again is always the hardest part, but if your sufficiently motivated, you can break through and keep yourself honest.
Was it just uncomfortable having an above average body temp, or were there some other side effects?
Any other songs from this performance?
Fallout has some of that tho
Don't engage with these morons.  They probably would argue that if you don't like seeing the storage full notification for iCloud, you should just pay the 99 cents.

Pisses me off these people exist.

See: https://www.reddit.com/r/iphone/comments/5viiz1/how_do_i_stop_this_notification_from_appearing/
All that text is taking up too much online storage space dude.
Same
Nice rebuttal dumbass
You say Trump tax bill, but he literally had no part in the policy crafting process. He's just a rubber stamp for the gop legislature, because he's too busy golfing and wasting tax payer money going to his own shitty hotels.
think back to your dreams. you dont really question what's happening in them, and just roll with it.
Why do people subject themselves to this shit. I could tell playing d1 it was a lackluster.  Yet here we are, people paying more money for a shit experience
That's just a hint toward them being a rebellious couple I think
Excited for the garlicoin fork, where garlicoin bread and garlicoin battle each other by saying the other is a shit coin.
Please do this.  It gives more opportunities for lesser known artists to make the list.
That's because it's not a zelda game.  It's an open world game with a zelda coat of paint.
People still try to defend his stupid ass too.  Really makes me irritated.
Lol whoops
1478
Dropped on a technicality, and if he ever went to Sweden again, the investigation would resume
>Top prosecutor Marianne Ny said his arrest warrant was being revoked as it was impossible to serve him notice.

>...

>"We are not making any pronouncement about guilt."

It was dropped on a technicality, not because his accuser made it up.

I'm surprised he talked about materialism tbh.  The one thing I'd agree with in that statement
And is hiding at an embassy to avoid charges.  He's a fucking coward rapist
And they were dipshits for doing so
He also raped a girl
More like Nintendo doesn't, and never has, known how to run an online service that isn't a piece of turd.
 Soon to be 2018 ✌️
Sounds like destiny players
This sucks, but price of admission.  I like these markets because they're volitile.  Being left holding the bag is always a possibility, just know the risks.
Property law is largely common law.
Sleep well sweet prince
Maybe they leave you with memories of going in to forget something, maybe even tangentially knowing what it was, but not the actual memory of the event.
Xmas miracle
Spotify is really a stupid app in a lot of ways
These times of high volitility are great if you have the capital, yet for some reason, my bank transfer isn't in my gdax account that I initiated on Monday.  Urrrg
You guys really need to put that much of a barrier between you and selling during a dip?
Dead cat bounce?
Hodl me
I'm holding till zero baby, and even then, why would I sell???
Ethical capitalism doesn't exist
Why do people put themselves through this bullshit and not just vote with their wallet and move somewhere else.
Wireless charging is possible with a glass back
My personal advice.

Never take the L.  I bought 2 LTC @ 360 when that shit was shooting up, and I refuse to lose any money because of emotion.  As quickly as ltc has dropped, it can bounce back up.  Just hold I guess, maybe buy in more with this dip too, and maybe you can equalize your losses if you want out completely
Google is under no obligation to give people access to Google play services.  If you want to fork Android, that's the price you're going to have to pay.
Amazon didn't have to fork android
Apple does the same thing. The work around is to make the content 30% more expensive on the devices to cover the cost.

It's what Netflix did.
This hurts me
Yeah, but who the fuck buys shit on Facebook.
What a rollercoaster this thread has been
So why did you buy a fire stick if you use YouTube and netflix.  I feel like a Chromecast would have been a better option .
This was all started by Amazon when they announced they wouldn't sell streaming boxes that didn't have their prime video content on them.  They meant the Apple TV and Chromecast.

Guess who decides if prime video content is on those services.

Amazon

Amazon can go fuck itself in my opinion, it's obvious what they were trying to do, and since they failed to take up a large share of the streaming device market, they are whimpering back with apps for Apple tv, Android TV and the Chromecast. 

Better late than never, but their stupidly anti-competive actions made me never want to pay any money for any if their digital content, even if I could watch it on my PC or my Xbox.
I made Chris Christie. It was fun making that fat load 
Any deep crash would have been temporary
I was looking for something sub 290.

:/
I was told there would be dips...

Milton.jpg
Piracy/illicit purposes may get you kicked off of it, can't imagine anything else would be problematic though.
I concur.  I only like the dark mode in the twitter app.  Sure wish that more apps would have that option.
This may be an even better LPT, though for fringe cases (I work at some public schools, and they have filtered wifi), free may be fine on occasion.
Verify ID with coinbase app, it seems to work better than the desktop gdax process
And that's why you always limit buy
Despite being in the hole 2 LTC @ ~360, totally looking forward to a drop that big to load up n this stuff and day trade the day away
Why do you even have stuff in coinbase and not have a gdax account set up?
Same.  Day trades on the swings is a fun time.  The only issues is you don't really make much money at this over $300 price unless you have some real capital to play with.  Was way easier sub 150
I knew they were going to be giving people bch by the start of next year, but they stated on their faq you could only withdraw it. They didn't say anything about an exchange.
Some people don't live the crypto life and want to give the finger to larger banks like BofA.

I understand it
It's probably just a credit union
I don't care, it proves rule of law prevails, and will make our country stronger in the long run.
He means April 20th
Fuck this asshole
Whyareyoulikethis.jpg
Counterpoint, doing it right before could sway undecideds?
This growth is ridic.

I feel like there's going to be a huge dip coming before the end of the year.
You transfer it to another bch address, and you have the amount of btc you had when the fork happened in july
Only problem is that they aren't creating an exchange for it, they are just going to let you take it out.  You basically need to take it out, and send it to another exchange to make it liquid.

Kind of a hassle, and nothing that will occur quickly
Shit man, wish I had your foresight
Fuck yeah man.  What price did you buy in at?
Limit sells have no fees
This market has been boring for the last half hour.  Just move
I made $600 day trading, but then I timed it poorly at the end and have that all tied up in LTC @ 173.

It's risky, but if you think ltc will always go up and not crash, you just may have to wait around if you make a poorly timed buy to get your capital back without losses
I honestly feel like btc and ltc are tied at this ratio, meaning hitting 200 is won't happen till btc hits 20k
Hard to do if you sell with limits to avoid fees, but still a good idea
5 min candle trends looking good, will we hit 200 in the next 24 hours?
Traditional cup and handle operate in a range of 7 to 65 weeks.  Not sure you can pull out much from less than a days worth of trading
Btc futures make the future hard to predict, though I would not be surprised if it went up in the short term.
great for limit orders and quick trades though
Same boat, Hope it jumps up in the next few days
Do a limit buy just in case.
Limits are your friend
Can also sink back down to 100
you mean dat lambo
I think BTC will bottom out at 1450.

I would probably buy in again if this futures shit didn't make the future incredibly uncertain
Did you buy at 200? dayum
I just make $500 doing quick trades with the fucking fluxuations on GDAX.

Fun times!
It doesn't now at 15.6k and dropping
Fun dip right now on gdax, now under 16k
I was day trading ltc all day yesterday, as it was moving quite quickly over and under 100.  Made some fun money, but now that it's gone up to 117, I feel like I should have made a bit of a longer term investment, and play with only half of my holdings
Just keep a sell limit order open, and don't fucking touch it

It's hard though, as you can always argue you have more information in the present than you did days ago, and want to adjust your strat.
It admitted wasn't a lot (.05 btc), but considering my total investment was around $600, and if it crashes today down to 0, I at least walk away with everything I put in, plus an additional $200.
Liquidated half my holdings at 17200 yesterday.  Feeling good right now, but I'm not buying more until after Monday.  This stuff is just too crazy.
Stop Limits are your friend
Bitcoin gold?
Mazda 3, 2013
Still doesn't send Music info to my car display >:(
Such bullshit, I have an AT&T sim, they literally have nothing to do with my Pixel device.

I guess I'll just live with the sideloads.
What the fuck is going on
What the hell happened to "pressing check update now actually pulls an update, even if it hasn't rolled out to you"
Yeah, Hitler was person of the year I believe
Can't win em all.  I'd suggest using Andromeda and applying a dark UI theme.
That awful white quick settings bar is dark now with a dark wallpaper
Idk much about it, just Google Bitcoin cash coinbase, and it will likely link to their blog post about it.
Wrong Roosevelt...
She's not 14 though
Do you use car BT?

In a car mount, you could just have it auto unlock when connected to your cars bt
Bitcoin?
Your life sure seems tough
I'll be in the streets the day after that happens
So what does that have to do with California exactly?  I'm sure you have very developed critical thinking skills.
Hand written shit people didn't have time to read rammed through the legislature?

Sounds fucking legit to me, and totally not a conspiracy.
Did the ACA piss you off?
25 days for 1000 pages

5 hours for 500 pages

Which is worse

Also note all reps/sen have staff that can tackle portions of legislation and provide a report.

Stop trying to say it's the same.
Why is abortion and anwr drilling in it if it's a tax bill?
No
Feel free to move to a place where there aren't any taxes.  Somalia sounds great this time of year.
It was a federal court with a federal judge appointed to a federal position by the president of the United States.  The only thing this had to do with California is where the physical court was located.
He wants to bone Ayn Rand
The stupid big bang theory episode on Bitcoin is airing tomorrow, get ready for massive swings after that.
His going?
I feel like that's a little vain, and I did say I was tallish
Do it, I need moar BTC on the cheap
Come onnnnn lil dipper!
If you buy, then it will dip
You forgot

* LG bootloops
This one
Official office Depot [listing](https://officedepot.shoplocal.com/officedepotmobile/weeklyad?SiteID=145&PretailerID=-99860&CityStateZip=92701&sid=HO8z4dYh2CibjtQqeHChLUA&odserver=www.officedepot.com&storeid=2670648#!/listing?storeid=2670648&languageid=1&listingid=-2029004876): 
Exactly what I was looking for today!  Thanks for posting this
Check out my updated post and let me know what you think.  I thankfully got a nice photo from a christmas event last night.

https://www.reddit.com/r/Tinder/comments/7ehozy/profile_review_week_of_november_21_2017/dqc7zmp/
Golden retrievers are, by nature, completely spastic.  Believe me, I've tried 
Id assume you can say "hey Google, play xyz on [Chromecast audio name]"
Well, my family just went to a nice dinner ($150+ per person) for my sister's 21st birthday.

My 21st celebration was no where near as nice, so that's chill.
Criminal scum!
Not a movie,

Gtfo
But will it be in 4k?

That's the real question
So you're telling me if Walt lived in a country with universal healthcare, he still would have tried to become a drug Lord?

Give me a fuckin break
Thank you!

If one of you chuckle heads think the financial impact of the cancer didn't play a role, look at the fact that Walter was working two fucking jobs just to keep his family afloat.

I highly doubt if he were at grey matter, he'd have just given up and died like OP says he would have.
My big gripe with oems are their update procedures, and often times how much they fuck of Android.  With this, I may be able to choose a phone for it's hardware rather than it's software.  Looking forward to this day.
Fuuuuck yeah, that shit is great
That's just nyt's writing style
Isn't the Constitution an old law?

You can't disagree with something just because it's been on the books for a long time
Holy shit
I'm thinking Arby's
Not to defend McConnell, but he backed big Luther on the primary, likely because he knew Moore was a nutcase.

It's just outrageous he'd even float this banana republic antic.

Then again, he contributed to this scenario by riling for the base for 8 years about a black guy in the White house.
The transfer from bank account to gdax takes forever. I initiated a transfer before the dip over the weekend, and haven't received it in my gdax account yet. I completely missed out, despite the amount I wanted being removed from my bank account.

I'm a bit miffed at these transaction times.
When is the October playlist thread going to be created.  Voting's been up for around 2 weeks 
It's almost as if elections have consequences
>The midterm is not at all difficult for the GOP if they'd just pass the fucking shit they promised voters

You actually think that's going to happen?
Sounds like something a banana republic would do.
Because the other guy ruins your brand going into a difficult midterm?
I remember when everyone couldn't get over themselves when it came to WikiLeaks.  I always knew it was manipulated trash.  Surprised people only started to see the truth recently.
[Lo Moon - Thorns](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lbmR3JRYU5c)
It's coming on Jan 1, 2018.  I assume that you'll have a BCH wallet with that amount on that date.
I hate this shit as well.  Can people learn what margin of error means?
Look up a dummymander
Lol, look up the New York baconmander
Mania was great though
You are a corporatist lacky.  The sad part is they probably aren't even paying your to say that.
So glad Wikipedia is talking about the important stuff 
Gotta go fast
It's time to go full communism
One of the reason I'm buying a One X is for 4K blurays... This list makes me reconsider that reasoning.

Planet Earth 2 will be worth it though.
Ryan Reynolds
One of my big questions about the alternate universe after season one is how the fuck there were a shit ton of man made structures that mirrored Hawkins if no people lived there.

This season seemed to imply that the Mind Flayer simply travels via dimensions somehow and takes over.  So essentially, the upside down is a post-apocalyptic alternate reality that at one point was extremely similar to the main timeline.  I kind of hope they expand on this more in the future, because it's endlessly fascinating
I think Steve is a bitch.
That's all Amazon devices
I always thought it was something to do with dune
U first
Yeah, this submission is bullshit.  
Went to college in SF when the Giants won a bunch (ayyyy), never had classes canceled because of it, and downtown was a mess.
Better formatting

[St. Vincent - Happy Birthday, Johnny](https://youtu.be/rGsz05t9Kek)
[Beck - No Distraction](https://youtu.be/fljhX_aR3rE)
The iPhone is the Pinnacle of corporate worship.   There are other devices just as capable that don't have an apple logo that people won't even give the light of day.
I'm not
I'd like to know as well
Is there a place to request features. I'm deaf in one ear, and the lack of a mono audio option for headphones sucks.
Yeah, wtf, why isn't this in the status bar????
I don't wish to victim blame, but when they vote for people that want to gut the EPA,. Not sure what they expect.
http://lmgtfy.com/?q=Hate+speech
You can just Google it
Did not know this!
U R DA TSAR BOMBA!
Nostalgia train
Eh, he just needs to say she's voted with Trump and I think he'd get a lot of press
There is a python script that let's you do this call pyortofy or something. Go Google it
Bootloopz
Um excuse me, you have to press e to open doors in fortnite, and f in pubg
[LANY - Super Far](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O78Lpo4ctSE)
Not everyone is living in Flint Michigan, I'd say as a general rule, tap is safe, but if you're worried, go look up reports on local water safety. I just have a problem with companies making bank on bottled water when 9 times out of 10, it's the exact same shit that comes out of the tap.

Fruit juice has sugar in it, I wouldn't say it's healthy, it would be far better to eat the fruit itself than just the juice.  All the fiber is removed otherwise.


I'm just saying, a lack of those items isn't necessarily bad, but the soda sure is
Buying bottled water is stupid though, and juice is full of fucking sugar
Why is that?
[The National - Walk it back](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UaTOkwbyfbo)
As pixel XL owner, I kind of fell in love with the new xl design and was printed to buy, but after the no headphone jack, I'm going just going to enjoy another year with this bad boy
High quality
Coconut
Still a racist fuck tho
Fast software updates/ Stock Android
Software is King, and I'll never leave stock Android and fast updates
They couldn't keep it in stock though, perhaps it was more popular than they assumed it would be
Considering supply issues last time, maybe they won't do a worldwide release until they get their supply chain figured out.
Ooh, I just happen to be going to LA this weekend.  
This annoys me simply because att wont offer the volte or wifi texting on phones not sold or certified by them (whatever the fuck it means to have a byod certified).
Probably, but at a certain point, they both need to work it out
Now if only they could play nice with Google and get a Google play music app on the Xbox...
Ois?  If you're into photos.
I count full on crying as a workout some days
Super smash?

Jackbox party
MFW there is no best of August Playlist
Can we get a dating app for tall people already?  
This isn't about phone slowness, it's about actual lte data being slow af
Two iPhone toting friends have complained about their data being slow and their iPhone crashing, all in the last two days.  Interesting.
Nothing
I might, just so I can get an increase in my cash back rewards by shopping through my credit card's website.
They didn't in 2012
UCI represent!
Android Wear has a find my phone app, pretty nifty in these situations
This vulnerability isn't as bad as I initially thought, I feel like all people have codes on their phones these days
I'm surprised my Nixon has the August 2017 update, probably get September update relatively soon
Is this bypassed by simply having a pin code on your phone?
Stop following me around every day
Me too, thanks
Pico doesn't have red onions?
[Google Play Music Playlist](https://play.google.com/music/playlist/AMaBXynDrV4H4gf6qIyWio7TXbaWMnRstiEE9Vh1ipz67fRAdH-FTZ4XPg7CkOOlsNw1s92oqsTxQjwPwyfBhzLddyAXB1KhUg%3D%3D)
I feel like pico would be better than just tomatoes
Reddit
Me too, thanks
I'm waffling on whether to get an xl2.  I'm going to wait until the announcement
A circlejerk? On this sub?

You really think people would do that?

I want single payer as much as the next guy, but these headlines make the movement look bad.
Get jackbox party pack 1 and 2 (three is meh)
Congressional ca gop would shit their pants if they didn't have a candidate at the top of the ticket

Don't forget we have quite a few gop reps here, some even in competitive districts
Unsubscribe me from this meme
https://www.apkmirror.com/faq/#What_measures_do_you_take_to_make_sure_all_uploadedAPKs_are_real_and_created_by_the_respective_developers
Apk mirror is a trusted site
It works still
Storage when bought in bulk is cheap af
I honestly give few shit's about carrier exclusively, what I care about is carrier feature parity.

This now assumes that the pixel 2/XL won't get VoLTE, Universal RCS, or Wifi calling on AT&T.

It's fucking annoying.
I can't believe people actually think this shit is funny
I hate everyone in this video, and it was only 7 seconds
Just clear the dalvik cache
Do they not give numbered scores anymore?
My battery Icon disappeared...
Don't get me started on kit kats
You have fucked up now

Now you have fucked up
Dank 13 year old reference!
Isn't that how it always works though? It only takes one?
Take into account you said *will be*, when he is looking for a phone now. The first phone to ship with Oreo will be the pixel 2/XL, beyond that, I think it could be a while before there is a lot of devices shipping with O.
Kickstarter is vapor ware
Pretty sure you can hit share on a station and send it to the Xbox, but yeah, I've had similar drop issues.  I think it's a groove issue.
They don't sell only mustard anymore :'(
Google play music works with the Xbox via bubble upnp on Android.  I use it all the time.
>pretty good

[MFW](https://m.imgur.com/gallery/553dZBX)
Didn't even know she was releasing a new album!  Really digging the first track!
Not sure how much of an impact this will have, if a bigger state like NY or CA required this, then I can seen everyone playing along.

Reasoning:

MA is super blue

All Congressional districts are Blue

Governor is GOP, but hes a special case

Having CA require it would put a lot of pressure on the CA congressional republicans.  If there is no presidential candidate on the top of the ticket, they get supremely fucked.
>females

/r/Justneckbeardthings
The idea the DNC is in lockstep with the "it's her turn" is insane.  Clinton was a great candidate whose character was assassinated by the media, and shitty leaks.
G'day mate!
I really want to get dead rising triple pack, but the fact that I have 100 games on my 4TB drive that I haven't finished is embarrassing. 
It seems to me that if you buy your phone unlocked (AKA, not from a carrier), the OEM generally allows you to unlock the bootloader. Doesn't seem like a huge problem for most people who would want to do this.
At a certain point, you'd expect the waste multiple frayed cables create may outweigh the use of pvc. I have no idea if that's actually the case though ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯ 
MFW you meet a non Nexus warrior
Mom's spaghetti
Honestly, the only thing keeping me on the Pixel is the software situation.  If Treble is as great as Ron says, it sounds like the Galaxy S9 could theoretically get a super stable AOSP rom version of Android Peanutbutter *the day its released*.

This is really a game changer for technical people who have software as their highest priority, as any Treble phone can get instant high quality rom support.  I'm very excited about this.  This may also make people hold onto their phones for a longer period of time.

I hope this is the future that comes to pass.
All of these factors + weapons (Hur dur the master sword ran out of energy ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯  ) + inventory + horse mechanics make this game forgettable and subpar.

Fuck that final boss battle what the fuck was that weak ass shit.

Skyward sword blew chunks too.  I may be done with console Zelda games if this is the way they're going.  I'd rather play skyrim.
Htc is based in Taiwan, and makes their products in Taiwan. I'd assume the same with Samsung and LG (South Korean companies)
I was making fun of his poor use of the correct you're
His right what?
Don't stroke yourself too hard
Laguna Beach votes for Democrats.  It's NPB that's full of conservative lemmings.
When they stop selling the fire stick is the day that will happen
What a relevant comment
Welcome to the us
I assume you're a law and order conservative, just that you only follow the laws you agree with.

Chill.
They said the same thing about the headphone jack...
If a tree falls in a forest on your phone, when no headphone jack is around, can you hear it through wired headphones?
Bag o' dicks

There was some news about Google making their own chips recently I think, so our national nightmare may soon be over.
But the huge bezels on the 7 are there for optimal reachability!

Everything on the iPhone is perfect to those guys until it changes, and then it's even more perfect.
Jesus, that was awful
>long press

Truly tragic. Something that took .1 seconds now takes .5 seconds
 
The horror.
>kickstarter

LOOOOOOOOOOOL

Yeah, this thing is never going to come out.
Lineage has 7.1.2 for N6.  It's what I've been using, and I'll probably update to Oreo in a few months.
This isn't Samsung
Yeah, any CA folk living here, feel free to move.  I'd appreciate less demand for housing, to, in turn, lower my housing costs.
Wait, what sub is this?
Screenshot of a photo on a phone?  Do you not know how to download an image????
Found the r/short subscriber
He's 5'8"
Still can't group regular Chromecasts
Yet...
Tax soda
I'm pretty sure you just don't feel comfortable leaving your grease stained desk chair and make excuses rather than enjoy life.
Ur a life saver
It's been toxic for over a year.  Where have you been. The best idea the mods had was to shut this place down after the primary.
Are you people still butthurt over this???
Ah yes, Obama the Plutocrat.  I sure do remember him being born with a silver spoon in his mouth and being a trust fund kid.

He certainly didn't make his wealth until after he was a senator from writing a biography that sold many copies, nope.  Purely derived his power from the wealth he was born into.

Go fuck yourself.

EDIT: big man with that down vote, but no rebuttle.  Eat a dick.
I'm mocking those people
Muh SD card slot
Glad I don't have an iPhone 
They also kick you out if you're an atheist
Divorce
Lol, you expect me to keep up with a platform and it's OS updates I rarely interact with?
>flash a rom

Oh god, stop.

I've lived that life, with my OG Galaxy note and my HTC One M7, and it's miserable.  Shit was buggy, crashy and generally just not great.  Even the M7, which got an official Google play edition left a lot to be desired.

There is something to be said for having stock software you don't have to fuck with to enjoy your phone.  I'm never going back.
Yeah, but when is pixel 2 going to be ready?

I still find it odd that the software is released before their flagship phone, and not at the same time.
Spineless. How unsurprising
I'm triggered
The great depression fucked up the country so bad that the Democratic party won with a liberal New Yorker on the ticket in nearly every state.


I should have said trigger warning I guess
I'd have been disappointed if this gif didn't pop up considering the discussion.
Buying this bad boy day one!
Looked dashing [though](https://i.amz.mshcdn.com/ZxZsiWoz-odBpH35W4ZaJuAL8ts=/http%3A%2F%2Fa.amz.mshcdn.com%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2F2016%2F03%2Fstalin-14.jpg) 
Almost as good as [this](http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lusbr41VWV1qea6voo1_500.png)
Unless you're driving to an Alaskan [airport](http://www.bbc.com/news/technology-24246646)
Muh bitrate
When you say media, I assume you mean video, as music doesnt take up much space and you can download that to your storage in Spotify/gpm.

I guess I just don't really watch video on my phone, and feel that's something a tablet or computer is for.
If you really wanted to get into it, the fact that I have a pixel and Nexus 6 guarantee it will have developer support for custom firmware for a long ass time, making the scenario you described unlikely.

My junker Nexus 6 may have shit battery life and screen burn in till kingdom come, but I'm certain it could last me a good fucking while due to dev support.

I mean, I just looked up the trust gnex, and that thing has lineage 14.1 (Android 7.1.2) running on that.  That's better support than the iPhone 4s, which will never see a higher software update beyond 9.5.3.  it's more work, but nothing a technically inclined friend couldn't setup for you in 20 minutes.
>htc one x

Holy shit
Software is a big deal to me, if there were a company that pushed out updates faster than Google without a load of bullshit that changes the os look and feel, I'd go for it.

But that isn't the case, so Pixel all the way.

Plus the camera is dope.
People still care about this?  Everything's in the cloud, baby!
Those people remind me of my time up in SF, that's for sure
Internet privacy advocates, while I guess doing a public service, are seriously paranoid.  Like, that's on the brink of obsessive.
Bootloops too
This just tells me we as a country are failing at instilling critical​ thinking into our youth.

Make yourself familiar with the references at the bottom of the page: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Southern_strategy
Care to prove why you seem to think the southern strategy is revisionist history or are you just going to spout bullshit you can't back up
It's spelled Byrd you dumb fuck.

Strom Thurmond become a republican for a reason.
Don't suck your own dick too hard dude
Do as I say, not as I do!
Is there any particular reason you chose Apple Music over another music solution?  I seriously just don't see the value in it (spotify has a lot of social features, and Google Play Music allows you to upload tracks that aren't on the service to allow you to have everything you want in one place plus ad free youtube)
[Google Play Music Playlist](https://play.google.com/music/playlist/AMaBXynN29Ih4GsV4kBnfCmc4OE7qNUKE9lvUbKD1OYhfaR8carwfaYRrDGUPznYpRgHsxYyGJp2Txg1sYHWtGIkRl4BwHVB6w%3D%3D)

Only thing missing is the same Oh Sees song that isn't in spotify.
😭

I'll make a playlist and pm you the link then
Can we get Google play playlists?  I feel like no one even uses Apple music and they somehow have a playlist.
I remember when everyone hated the suburbs
Corey Booker?
He play

But he also protec
Half life 3 is just around the corner!
I got a new credit card from Chase simply because my credit union does not support Android pay.

It may he silly, but honestly, I think the transactions are faster via NFC.

My upvotes say otherwise
[Welp](https://giphy.com/gifs/cartoon-comic-smartphones-y62P0aQUYLYAg?utm_source=media-link&utm_medium=landing&utm_campaign=Media%20Links&utm_term=https://m.facebook.com/)
Fuck, I bought my phone 10 months ago, and NOW they go on sale? Just my fucking luck.
These memes suck 

Bring back dat boi
Trumpies are out in force on this post.  I wonder why...
I guess it was Roosevelt's fault that unemployment was so high when he took office in 32 as well.  You people are so pathetic.
I don't think they want redundant messaging protocols.  That's just more backend cost.
I don't know man, carriers are trying to dump sms so they can dump their 2g & 3g networks.  Apple won't have the iPhone not able to receive any sort of messages that aren't IP based
They demoed it at mwc.  

https://twitter.com/wdudley2009/status/836170878912245764
When universal profile rcs hits every carrier and apple allows for it, our long national nightmare will be over
It sucks
The Nexus one had an SD card slot, but that was literally the one phone from the Nexus line, and that was 7 years ago.
Has a Google phone ever had external storage?  It's ridiculous to expect that sort of thing when that has never been the norm.

The headphone jack is another story, of course...
Why do people care so much about a non-standard aspect ratio?
Shitty workaround, but bt headphones are pretty cool.  I still hope they keep the jack. Even though I live on bt headphones, but it utter convenience of a headphone jack cannot be under stated
Fuuuuuuccckkkkkkkk

That was me 4 years ago.

But also me today. :'(
I WANT FUCKING CLEGANE BOWL
Hey I live three miles from Chapman.  Where did you film?

I mean, me too, thanks
It's a bullshit problem that shouldn't exist and a waste of money.  At a certain point, I'll probably buy a pixel XL 2, even if it doesn't have a headphone jack, but I'll be fucking pissed if Google doesn't include one.
You should get a degree in nose physics
RES tagged as born after 9/11
"infinite content for 6 hours, but every time Win says content, it gets faster"
I haven't noticed that
I see you

But I also see dead people

¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯ 
The sheeple have spoken friendo
I enjoy r/moviescirclejerk way too often for a guy that doesn't care much about film.
Because people are willing to take it up the ass for anything affiliated with Nintendo/Nostalgia.
2edg4me
Yeah, McConnel looked p emo
And I don't even consider Cage the elephant indie.  I'm pretty sure I fucking listened to them on KROQ years ago.
IC 1 is a great track to run to on repeat
I'm going to push back on this and say I've never really been an AF person.  I liked Flashbulb eyes, and reflektor, listened to the entire suburbs album, like once, and never again.  I enjoy Antichrist television blues as well.

I've honestly listened to creature comfort more than any of the songs I just listed in the last week.  Regardless of who put out that song, if I came across it, I can guarantee you that I'd still have it on repeat.
That fucking guitar at the end of infinite content hooked me
Good ol' Muni.

Use to live up there, and visited recently.  Still sucks.
Did they even give examples of what it would be used for?  iOS is so locked down I can think of anything even remotely useful unless they gave you the power to use nfc shortcuts
Stupid sexy flanders
https://i.redd.it/8w22lvvb728y.png
CEOs in Europe don't make as much as US CEOs do.
Those Google alerts are rarely useful from what I've noticed.  I really only get a notification when I'm sitting in traffic that there's traffic.  Thanks for the timely notification Google!
Pre-order my friend
True that

The "Waze sync with your calendar" feature is AMAZING

When it fucking works.

I haven't gotten a notification on when I should leave for an appointment in 3 months...
Reform can be seen as "hurr Durr voucher program"

Maybe we should be asking people like Bob Iger and Tim Cook why they're paid exorbitant amounts of money to be a CEO, but not contributing to making America a better place.

These CEOs are overpaid as it is, public pressure to make their gross salary into something positive should be the first step.
You stay in shape tho
I AM

#KAZAAM
Of all the times to be stuck on shit internet
Remember that Grey Matters looked like charity, and D&M only happened because chuck boxed Jimmy out of the Sandpiper case
Guess he's shit out of luck
Pixel
I could write 10 page paper on Jimmy's character in this show, but at it's core, this show is about a guy who tries to play the game by the rules, and gets fucked constantly, and digging into his dark side as a result.  

At a certain point, I think both Break Bad and Better Call Saul share this thread.

Would Walt have become a major Drug Kingpin if he hadn't been diagnosed with Cancer while also not having the finances for the treatment?  It brings to mind that meme, Breaking Bad: Canada, where the doctor says, "You have cancer. Treatment starts tomorrow".   Had that happened, Walt would have lived out his days as a chem teacher, and that would be that.

Would Jimmy be on this backslide to Saul Goodman if his brother hadn't continually been trying to pull the football away from him as he was inches from being able to settle into a comfortable position?  Pretty sure he would be a pretty capable associate at HHM, or even at his own firm with Kim had Chuck just stayed out of Jimmy's way.

To me, the shows really just bring to light that everyone has a breaking point.  Its a philosophy I believe myself.  You take a person, and if you continually dump shit on them, they will eventually hit a point where they become bitter and don't give a fuck.  Some people hit that point sooner than others, but I think everyone is capable of doing truly heinous shit, it's just a question of what would lead them there.

"I know what stopped me, and I'm never letting it stop me again".  This phrase will ring true for people who've hit that point in some aspect of their life.

I guess what I'm really saying is

B

R

A

V I N C E

O
Buy it with a credit card next time
At a certain point, doing anything whether public or not, on a case that had been closed so close to the election, should have been off limits.  Also, Chaffetz is equally blameable, but I'm not surprised by his involvement.  He's a snake too.
That's what Newsweek said, and people are just reading the headline.
It's comeys fucking fault for announcing the reopening of the fucking bullshit email shit 8 days before the election.

Fucking criminal if you ask me.
He had such strong convictions he left the top of the ticket blank on election day.

Wow. Much courage
Some are shameless, and other tactics need to be employed
Yuuuuup
We Don't Deserve Love?
This is kinda like me_irl the album.  I love it.  Every song is great.  Perhaps my least favorite would be Put Your Money On Me.  Even then, I appreciate the 80s vibes it gives.

Not sure why everyone is so down on this.  I sure will listen to this more than *The Suburbs*.  In fact, I probably have already.
Shame them into not being stupid?
On a certain level I'm willing to bet having a meal with a country's leader was meant to add an air of legitimacy to the campaign.

But it's fucking stupid that they decided to do it with Putin.  Maybe Stein has been sitting too close to her wifi router? o_O
Mr. Edge Lord over here
Make an insulated box around the TV so there's minimal dust access?
I like fourteen.

I kind of wonder if this is actually considered "indie" though.  It seems like such an amorphous label these days.
Not funny, but I kind of view it as performance art critical of current trends.

Aka edgy

I enjoyed reading it
Remember when Romney said Russia was our #1 geopolitical foe?

I wonder if the GOP remembers.
Boo fucking hoo
It would actually wipe out a third of the bonus, but I'll take a look at your suggestion
Ah fuck, I used the referral link, but I have no clue who the user is.
That would lower said fee by about half.  May be manageable. Only issue I see now is that they only have an iPhone app, whereas I use a Pixel, which can be a pain in the ass.

Edit: decided to go for it.  On top of being able to use plastiq for my rent payment (if I'm coming up on 3 months and am not close), I do have a lot of school related expenses that will likely come up relatively soon.
Huh, $500 sounds enticing, but I have a hard time seeing myself spending 4K on a credit card in 3 months (I spend probably an average of $600 per month on my card, and that pretty much covers everything in my life other than rent, which I pay via check due to their outrageous CC transaction fees.)
I don't really plan on doing any traveling anytime soon (grad student), so unless there is a better cash back card, I think that's probably my best bet, unless there are better options out there, in which case, I'm open to suggestions.
Currently have a chase freedom unlimited card, would like to get a regular freedom card.  Would I still be eligible for the introductory sign up offer w/ Freedom despite having a Freedom Unlimited card?
Does this require a paid version of Zooper?  First time using this app.
I liked the keyboard...
I get a lot of Pixel ads on Snapchat of all places.
6'3" male here. Lost 40 in the last 18 months.  I can tell a difference, but it certainly doesn't look like 40 pounds.

Sure would like to make those losses more noticable. Oh well.
If you asked gov Brown his beliefs, I'm sure that hurting the poor and youth would be his top priority.
Because fanboys will eat that shit up regardless
Sure wish there was a Google play music playlist
It's shit like this that makes me want to customize the fuck out of my homescreen
I know what my bmr is, is and it's way higher than this calc.  Any possibility we can add our own bmr to the Calc in the future?
Fuck off, you can literally check online how you're registered in California.  They were probably fucking high as balls when they registered and put independent and not No party, registering themselves as the American Independent party.  People learn how to fucking read.
Because the fucking people apart of/that contribute to/care about said party are going to be members of said fucking party, and not be independents until it's fucking convenient (aka Bernie Sanders)
6'3" 32" or 33" inseam.

Pants are easy, shirts are bullshit.
Me too, thanks
This album make me tears
Noticed this too.  Not sure why.  Maybe it has to do with the new cast screen for gpm?
I haven't really found any criticism online re MD, and know it's actually won UX awards (hence the link).

iOS 7 on the other hand was not really well received by a lot of people.  It kind of looked like pastel gradients and frosted crap.  There was even a pretty big Tumblr blog that made fun of it: https://jonyiveredesignsthings.tumblr.com/
iOS 7: https://www.theverge.com/apple/2013/6/10/4416726/the-design-of-ios-7-simply-confusing

Vs.

Material Design: https://www.androidheadlines.com/2014/09/googles-material-design-wins-gold-ux-awards-best-contribution-ux.html
Not buying until I hear if it's going to be 4k
They should welcome their material design overlords with a warm embrace, because iOS 7+ UI is an ugly piece of frosted shit.
That's a big assumption.  Hangouts never had sms support on the desktop
Rcs phone client: Android messages, Allo

Rcs desktop client: Allo

SMS phone client: Android messages

SMS desktop client: Pushbullet

See how there isn't one solution for every category?
I'd like to think that Apple will not take forever to implement this change, as iMessage has "great" features, like an app store (AKA, bullshit I could not care less about).

I hope the day when all phones have Universal RCS is soon.
>Allo is getting a web app soon, RCS supports web messaging, and I don't see Android Messages getting a web app

Fuck this shit.  Why in fuck would I want to use two different god damn messaging apps (one for RCS and one for SMS) if I also want to have desktop messages.  Jesus Christ.

If Pushbullet still works with RCS, I guess that would be fine, but this still is a pain in the ass just thinking about

r/oopsdidntmeanto
Basically just a meme photo

See: 
https://www.reddit.com/r/androidcirclejerk/comments/2i2j5m/mfw_i_see_the_nexus_6_out_in_the_wild/
Come on Mass Effect, update to 4K
This is perhaps my favorite Android inside joke.
Apple and Amazon do the same thing.  Honestly, Microsoft is kind of the only one that goes all in when they have multiplatform software, and that's only been a recent developments (office for Mac 2004 sucked)
It's almost like pragmatism is pragmatic. who knew?
Who even uses this shit?  
Pixel XL on Android O preview
Me too, thanks
Seeing them in a a few weeks for free in LA, super amped!
It's a shitty tv I got for free that turns my Chromecast into a chromecast audio
Didn't see a post about this.  Seems to fuck up on my Vizio as well (screen flickers).
Would you have moral qualms harassing Kim Jong un?
Don't really feel sympathy for a racist.

Logic from CNN's POV:

Trump tweeted this, what kind of person would even make this?  Have an intern look at it.  Oh shit, this guy is a fuckin racist.  This is kind of person that does this then?  Huh.  Also a big Trump supporter.  Maybe we should delve into this, and find out the kind of person who does this stuff, possibly make an example out of him, letting others know their racist comments may come back to haunt them.
Me too thanks
Does anyone else think it's odd there is going to be a water park in the great park?
They haven't announced an update for ME for the Xbox one x.

I'm betting they make a GOTY edition or something and have it XBOX enhanced.

Not willing to gamble when they haven't made an announcement for ME to be enhanced.
You've convinced me
I want to play this, but at a certain point, I know they will repackage it for the Xbox one x in 4k, and I sure as fuck am not going to buy it more than once.

I'll wait.
6'3" checking in

Been single for over a year.
Me too thanks
Me too thanks
I have a steam link, only problem is the connection via WiFi results in too much lag.  A hard wired solution may work, but it's a pain in the ass.
This makes me just want to get a cheap Android box and set it up on my tv. Any suggestions other than the mibox?

I don't want to spend an arm and a leg
Why do people get excited for an overpriced piece of plastic that just runs roms, when they could go get a cheap Android device and just run any snes/nes game they want on it?
Well, a new build will be out in a week and hopefully this issue is fixed.
I took a somewhat similar pic a few years ago in Philly

http://imgur.com/2QGz1Ya.jpg

Very proud of that photo.
Controversial opinion for clicks.

I think it's great, and in fact, we should have more colorized notifications, not just for media.
You'll have to speak up, I'm wearing a towel
The only issues problem I have with my pixel on AT&T is that they don't allow for wifi calls/texts and no volte.  Everything else works as it should
If you're feeling adventurous, you can try the beta of Android O.  It should be release in a few months, but the early look is fun.

Again though, only if you're adventurous. I've run into issues with BT and have had my phone noticably slow down after it hasn't been rebooted for a few days.  These should be fixed in the final release, but be warned.
Get yourself a pixel bud, you won't be disappointed.
This is in the burbs.
You work in Silicon Valley?

Starting with a BA+Cred at the first city I think of when people say Silicon Valley (Mountain View) has a starting pay at $[80k.](http://www.mvla.net/files/user/379/file/2016-2017%20Certificated%20Salary%20Schedule.pdf)

Holy jesus.


[Here](https://www.lbusd.org/uploaded/1-District/Departments/Human_Resources/Documents/Certificated_Teacher_Salary_Schedules_2015-16.pdf)
Starting right out of school it is.
Starting pay.

Your salary cap is way higher with a master's
Varies by district, I'm only familiar with coastal socal tbh
Well you won't live in a shit hole for one
That's only starting pay, cap is around 110k depending on the district
Come to California.

60k a year with a master's, 55k without.

EDIT: California is a large state.  It isn't just LA and SF, so yeah, you can afford more than a cardboard box with this income.

These are starting salaries that get a guaranteed increase very regularly

CA Teachers have full medical and dental

This wage is very livable for someone who starts teaching in their mid 20s pretty much anywhere in the state, obviously it goes farther the farther away from the coast you live.

I think people just like to shit on my home state because they're jealous of its [beauty](https://www.google.com/search?q=california+landscapes&hl=en&site=webhp&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjy7_nu59XUAhUF6mMKHXDHBLkQ_AUIBigB&biw=1280&bih=676).
I'd support a sugar tax if that's what you're getting at
You'll have to speak up, I'm wearing a towel
So is your dad
Did they actually come out and say they wouldn't be adding achievements?
I'm really not going to find sympathy for people who complain about it costing too much for them to actively kill themselves.  If you want to put additional strain on the healthcare system, that's fine, but I as a tax payer am going to get something out of it
Crusty






Jugglers
Where the fuck did I say you had to stop. I said they could stop

If you can afford it, good for you, if you can't, well, that's your own problem.

Don't blame the tax on your financial difficulty.  Blame having an expensive habit.
They could, ya know, stop
It's the same with AA and other support groups I'd imagine
You'd also get all the women
What the fuck
AWWW HEIL NAW
BoW is mediocre
Twas but a scratch!
Can you review that Nickelback album?  Thanks.
They try to say the headphone jack doesn't matter anymore because airpods.

Like, thats the worst logic I've ever come across.
http://www.pcworld.com/article/3200767/gaming/xbox-one-x-pc-build.html
Jesus christ

Wanting a ban on ASSAULT WEAPONS and background checks aren't going to affect your fucking hunting trip dude, unless you're a fucking terrible shot, and need an automatic weapon to effectively "Spray and pray".
Maybe the public doesn't want people to be pouring out of bars at 4 am

Public elects gov, gov enacts laws

That's democracy 101
What does a federal house seat have to do with state governance??
I'm so proud :')

Me 5 years ago:

https://www.reddit.com/r/California/comments/j90zo/rcalifornia_we_are_the_largest_state_in_the_union/
I read about the Tragedy of poor white males having an increase in suicide.

They're doing it to themselves, and it's really hard to feel sympathetic when I read shit like this.

You wanna kill yourself to make a stupid, baseless statement, go right on ahead, the world will be better for it.
That's why sales tax is bullshit
Vape nation
I'm generally speaking about "fellow kids" content in this sub that isn't actually fellow kids. Like this post.
>I stopped smoking cigarettes but what else do you want people to turn to?

Exercise
Love it

Love the electronic sound

Love the dark lyrics

Love that it kind of applies to my life right now
Yeah, I thought this sub would get better after the election

Guess I was wrong.
I feel like I kind of do this. Is it an asshole move?

When someone is talking, and they get stuck trying to "conjure" a word, which I already get the gist of the statement, I'll usually jump in with said word or similar word.  I catch myself doing it quite a bit actually.  Am I terrible person?
Not having a fucking tower in your living room is a pretty compelling reason.
Microsoft has Windows and Xbox just like Nintendo has switch and 3DS.

I don't really think they care what platform you're on as long as it's in a Microsoft environment.
The last night

Crackdown

Ori

What do they mean no games?
Not a thousand dollar investment bub
Eggs have carbs, so he doesn't even win on the keto front.
"Hold my shells"
Need this in gif form
*Weltschmerz*: or how he learned to live with heartache in a troubled world.
Was looking for this list.  Very excited about Skyrim and fallout.  I think I know when I'm going to do my mod run through now.

Side note, really hope to see Mass Effect Andromeda get a release/update for 4K.  Pretty sure that game would be bonkers in high resolution.
Never say never.

My vet is they emulate og xbl or something along those lines.
No Mac version
All games run on OG One and One S
Interesting to see if they will use that process.
WikiLeaks can be manipulated by outside sources and is not a good source for this kind of stuff.
Reminds me of the good ol' El toro airport debacle in the mid 90s in Orange county.

Fuck those people.
What?  Apple being a piece of shit on other platforms?  That's not possible!  iTunes on Windows definitely didn't do the same thing!
Elections happen every 5 years unless a snap is called. Last one was 2015, so 2020 (next one will be 2022)

Pms can call for snap elections

Voters get engaged and parties run shitty campaigns.  This is why you don't just call snap elections when you're polling well, as May found out, but she had a good reason to call a snap, she wanted to have a larger majority to better handle brexit. She just fucked up.
*varies from state to state
¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯ 
Hey, one year anniversary was recently. Very topical!
Welcome to Tinder!
Petunias are white

The night is black

I'm sad to say

She hasn't written back
Why are people so butt hurt about an opinion?

Because they can't bear to have their mindset challenged. Aka, fanboiZ
Lol
Sometimes I think I'm out of touch, but I pointed all these things out to my friend who was a die hard Zelda fan and was actually enjoying the game.  Now she is on the same page as me.  I think people just don't want to believe that this Zelda game was subpar even though it was.
That's because everyone has a huge hard-on for Nintendo for some unknown reason.  Honestly, botw just wasn't very Zelda or good.
Weapon breakage, voice over, story, dungeons, sidequests, music, etc

EDIT: Oh fuck, how can I forget the god damn horse mechanics?

Hur dur, pushing the stick forward doesn't do shit to your horse.  God, this made me angry all over again.
Zelda sucked tho
May too, thanks
Jerry Seinfeld
6969 6969 6969 6969

696
Gotta play with the hand that you're dealt ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯ 
I've learned the trick is to also have a photo of yourself to show your height.  You can put any stupid numbers in a bio, but (generally) you can't lie about it in photos.

Go find a doorway, and have someone take a photo of you.
Android superiority strikes again!
I am holding out hope that the pixel 2 will be sold through att, meaning we will get VoLTE, and wifi calling/texts at some point.

Not holding my breath though.
I have the same issue, except I don't get the artist, song and playtime (never had this actually, even on nougat) anymore.

I though fucking with the avrcp would fix this. It does not.  I'll try screwing with the sample rate.
Isn't it also true if everyone were covered fully, there may be more demand for the job, even if the margins are cut, therefore increasing union membership due to the increases in nurses?
This logic seems flawed, wouldn't health workers make LESS because the state has all the leverage on what costs should be?

I remember people complaining doctors would be paid less under a single payer system.
Apple doesn't put shit in their status bar (which is fucking stupid IMHO), so that isn't actually a terrible use of that space.

But in Android, that's where the notifications go.
Eh, safe design for it's first in-house phone.  I don't care too much.  I just hope the improve the speaker situation and remove the fucking chin on the pixel 2
Me too
Not sure patheticness is a word bud.
I don't understand people who like Destiny to this degree.
Issa's office being scummy?  What a surprise.
He's such a Spaz, I'll see what I can do.  Thanks for the advice!
Well shit, I hope they have a 4K youtube stream, so I can play it on my chromecast.
I need this gif in my life more
Thank you!

Huh, I guess that I go to the gym and hike.  That stuff is pretty generic though, so I thought saying active lifestyle would be a good way to not sound like every other person
Hamburgers and donuts, preferably​ with a gallon of soda.
What state do you live in
Really depends on the states teachers union.  CA, you start out with 55-60k a year depending on whether you have a master's, and it only goes up from there.

You last a long time and keep bumping you payscale by adding units, you'll be making 100k+ a year for working 185 days.

And if you decide to advance from being a teacher and get into administration, upwards of 150k a year as a principal, with superintendents making 200k.

These are just the kind of financial incentives that bring in smart people.
How about the guy who almost won last time and isn't just a band Wagoner.

Doug Applegate.
Me too, thanks.

Why is this shit so common... 
Me too, thanks
Who doesn't love anthropomorphic shit?
Jesus fuck, you're right
This is the first Android Update I kind of don't really care much for.  Nougat I felt was way more substantial, and probably a solid operating system to just stick with for a long time.
People still play that?

I just want to change the order the icons come up.  They felt the need to swap Wifi with cellular for some reason...
This has been the worst trade deal in the history of trade deals, maybe ever.
The new ghost looks like Snapchat bullshit.

I blame apple for this.
These emoji fucking suck 😋🤓🤥🤗

^ worst fucking offenders
Not a big fan of the UI changes in O so far (Emoji and White notification shade).  I'd rather just have N with the faster reboot and snoozing of notification features added.  Hopefully the UI gets tweaked before final release.

Also, I liked the little user photo in the corner of the screen, why the fuck did they get rid of it?