Found the Canadian
This is Reddit, you're not allowed to make small mistakes and apologise nicely for them after. Shame on you!
This happened to me. Not twice the pay but a solid 20% increase, commute went from 1.5 hours to 20 minutes and was closer to my wife's work. 
It's also the language of England.
Coronation Street in the UK is approaching it's 10,000th episode.
Love it
No way did he just say that
This is certainly older than that. I watching this on my ten days. I'm 30 now.
That's more normal than what d have guessed for him.

Biscuit, struddle and Wasabi
Ever play Pokémon and get experience share? That.

Don't need to use someone to get them experience.
Honestly, a lot of people find the whole jr thing off. Especially as you grow up being called jr and not snr could be very emasculating. You're over thinking this tbh. 

As a brit the naming after the father thing is super odd. Grandparents/great grandparents are the common one. But I'm guessing you're from the US.

Either way if one parent doesn't like the name then it isn't to be chosen.
I wouldn't know. That's an individual choice.

They're cheating? The person who invited the tinder date was given the feeling partners weren't invited? Someone has beef with you and said to not invite you?
Gary'll need a tank to command though.
Learn to say no at times. Every now and again, even if you want to help. Just say you can't. If you still help out you'll be nice but not a pushover.
Boys night
I thought the user was so wrong that I was missing something so I did a google. I did too think they were wrong.
If you have a single magic user on your team they are good as a chainer*. If you have three they are good with 2 chainers. If you have 2 magic users then you want two chainers, not a single finisher.

The idea of a finisher is they have one big strong single attack. You put this attack at the end of a chain for one big huge attack. Chain multiplier x big attack =big damage
There are still unit Reviews. Howl did a good one on Youtube.
None. Trance terra is way better than all of them. Lulu is, meh. Dragonlord has an amazing finisher but you'll still want to stick with TT and Killing Machine I wouldn't bother with.
There's a weird shape where his relfection would be. Also we wouldn't see yuna's reflection as we can't see the water between her and the POV postition.
For me it was the opposite of deep. Being able to switch paradigms was fun at first and for boss fights it was really fun. But having to do that constantly fit every. Single. Battle was annoying. For general mobs I want to swipe me sword and leave
Someone should have told this to your dad.
I saw a survey done a while ago. It was stages of when men felt most as a father.

A few felt like a father from the pregnancy test being positive. Many felt like a father the first time they felt the bump kick. Most felt it (like me) when the baby was born and some more when the baby starts properly responding. 

Don't feel like you're failing as a dad because you don't lack a connection yet. It will come.
>  At birth, the child's brain will contain almost all of the neurons it will ever have in its lifetime. The synapses that connect these neurons develop incredibly fast and by the age of 2-3, the child has double the amount of synapses of an adult brain. This is not sustainable and between the ages of 3-12 the synapses go through a pruning process wherein those that are not stimulated sufficiently are eliminated. 

Uh, yeah. Doesn't everyone know this? /s

Seriously though, I know what you're saying and agree 100% but that section is not for the average person.
Just keep that to yourself. Don't tell a girl she's a bus.
Not really. I felt old before this. It's stages in life that gets me. First time I felt old wasn't anything to do with age.

I was sat in my garden, beer in lawn watching my newly bought sprinkler water the garden. I was very content in that moment. Just all round happy. Then I felt old.

Hitting 30? Meh, it's just a number. I was only 1 day older than yesterday.
You sound like me. Sotry and characters are interesting and keep you wanting more but you're kinda bored with doing nothing but battling over and over and over and over and over?
Googling it, seems possible in creature creator or something? Haven't played the remaster.
Castle dungeons, IIRC it's through some sort of pub.
Magic damage. Magic abilities ideally as straigh magic sometimes is banned for the week. Anyone who chains but I use a full team of units.

GLSakura, 2xAshe, Dark Fina (enhanced, dystopia finish when ultima is banned). Last unit was tilith who had Rikku's pouch for Chaos Grenade but is now CGFina for light magic chaining. Bring your evade units. My huge chains will destroy you! I very rarely loose except to the odd 1st turn. I OHKO everything else.

tl;dr ditch physical, embrace magic abilities
RNG worked hella good for me this morning. Sorry for gach-ing but 3 Robin oods, 2 golums and my 4 star sticket for me LMS. 10 tickets used. So pleased.
Accessories.
Can someone photoshop an Avengers poster with all the avengers faces replaced by LMS's cute lil face.
I used pod for Elnath, I didn't have any other options. Although Camille changed that.
I'm in the don't mind the monarchy group. I don't particularly like nor dislike them. I feel it's pretty empty in here.
That sandwich is no laughing matter ^^^^hehehe
Not on reddit but facebook.

A friends girlfriend (usually good banter) said on Facebook she had the worst day ever. My filter switched off and I commented "worse than 9/11?". No comments (like someones going to argue they had a worse day than that) after that but  few of my friends said their friends had a lot of shit to say about how much of an asshole I was. 

I can't take credit though. I got it from a cyanide and happiness comic and just put it IRL.
Was this in a particular sub?
When I was a child I was taken away from my mum to live with my grandparents. At a meeting with council workers one took me aside and asked who I wanted to live with. I said my grandparents (Mum at the time was an alcoholic and while I didn't realise a lot of the bad stuff happening I knew I was being treated better with my grandparents).

I never could talk about stuff with anyone. I'd bottle it up and in the privacy of my room or a bathroom I'd cry my eyes out. This went on until my late teen years (7 being the age it all happened). I'd wash my face and continue the day as if nothing ever happened. I couldn't show people I was sad about it and I never really told anyone.

I feel in some ways it's a good thing as it allows me to be more proactive with situations. But in situations where I really should show emotion and rely on friends and family to get me through tough emotional times I've been completely alone.

I'm going to try to raise my son to talk about stuff when he's feeling troubled.
I straight up walk away from the situation once any *games* are played. Almost cost me my wife though.
Super Mario World has got to be one of my replayed games of all time.
Just  clicked. I was thinking of the tax disk
You're probably right, I'm an idiot.
As the passengers disemarked off the flight that almost ended their lives. Many were heard muttering about the awful state of the food during the flight.
I've honestly never heard of a child having names after their siblings before. It's like their being told from birth...your brother and sister is ahead of you.
Live in Scotland. I wonder how Halal friend a Jumbo Sausage supper is?
> There has never been any kind of insurance disc system in the UK

There used to be, just not now. Around 2013 or something I think they got rid of it.
They're still fully fledged FF games. Some people despise the artwork to the point they say they refuse to play the game. But I quite like it. I do prefer the origonal but I like both. 

There's not much changed. Some have extra dungeons and little fixes etc.

As for the price tag? Well that's up to you. I think so but money is relative. FFIV The After Years is Horrendous, unless you really want the story cannon content then OK but it's not great. Final Fantasy Dimensions is fun.
What's with Tidus's reflection in the pool. It looks super weird. Is it meant to be because ummm spoilery stuff?

Playing through X now. I'm using the project X mod but without the 4K textures. Still looks awesome. The exp all is reason I installed it though. Also I haven't played since I was a teen and now playing as a middle aged dad. Very different take on the group dynamics. Still so good.
I already went ahead. The expansion slots too are a flat 300 lapis. 
Check the wiki. What I do is google "*item name* FFBE" and the first result is always the entry for that in the wiki. Works with characters, monsters, etc.

https://exvius.gamepedia.com/Mystic_Ore
Remember there might be bonus's for amounts of 7* awakenings. So even if just to awaken to 7* hang on.
Uninstall the app, clear cache and try again. If you have a PC or another device see if you can login with those. then try the other app.

Contact support if it doesn't work.
Freyvia as she stands in place and casts. If the enemy is weak to earth or resistant to Ice then Aileen. Or if you get bored just use Aileen for a while, it's not like she isn't still amazing!
Happens. Check your wifi, kill the app, restart phone, reinstall app. Still not working check support.
As others have said Liquid Metal Slime can be kinda worth it. But this is a triple 4* unit banner. Odds are not high on geeting him so be careful. As far as units go there are better tanks.
The 3500 lapis bundle for the various tickets. That seems super worth it. The regular tickets alone are 2000 lapis plus 3 expansion vouchers bringing it to 2300 lapis.

4 4* tickets and 5 1% trust moogles for 1200 lapis?

Is my maths right?
I'll throw a daily, 8 tickets at this, a 4* ticket and do dailies and see what I get. 3 Robin ood's, 2 golems and a ....what LMS! Woohoo. Done!
But if you called ice hard water you'd look silly...like saying dry sauce
lol *dry sauce*. If you're thirsty try cooling your drink down with a couple cubes of hard water.
10 hours and counting!
TIMMY!
My friend asked me out for drinks one time. It was a wednesday night and was short on cash. He kept insisting, I kept saying no. Well he was meeting this girl he knew, said she had a friend and that he'd pay for all my drinks. I was swayed instantly.

Note wednesdays were big drinking as it was a student town. Lots of super super cheap drinks (not that I was paying). I was also 17 (I'm in the UK, 1 year underage but we both weren't ID'd often). 

Met him at some bar, we had a couple and said we'd meet in this bar. I had heard of it but never been. Well we walk in, stop and realise somethings up. There's dudes dancing everywhere. It's not some flamboyant gay bar like you see on TV. It's normal dudes but they're all dancing together, not straight. We're in a gay bar! As a 17 year old I'm dumb and naive and while I'm fine with gay people it's not a scene I've been in the middle of so while I'm not uncomfortable I'm not exactly used to the situation.

We get a drink, see the two girls and sit down. I knew the girl my friend was dating but not the friend. The friend is straight up stereotypical lesbian. Short man haircut, plaid shirt, baggy jeans. I quite like feminine woman. I didn't put it together I'm sat with a woman who looks gay, in a gay bar and she's very likely gay. But doesn't matter, she's not my type. She left after a while and I felt like a third wheel. I thought I'd sit at the bar for a while. I'm sat enjoying my drink when a guy comes up and says Hi. I'd like to reiterate I'm dumb, 17, not used to the situation and really don't get what's happening. I just thought this guy was being friendly. So he buys me a drink and we chat. The penny dropped when he started kinda grinding on me, I was half sat on a stool and it was kinda a lapdance. UH OH! I start talking about my "girlfriend" a lot (which I'd made up). changed my seating position and everything just clicked and I'm uncomfortable. Nowadays I'd laugh, say I'm straight and thank him for hitting on me and use it as a confidence booster. But back then it scared me a bit. Didn't know what to do. Just kinda left and called my friend and said I was leaving.

Extra point. His girl eventually came out as gay and he was the last guy she was with. He got the piss taken out of him for turning girls gay for a long while.

Extra point two. While I was sat at the bar friend came up to me and said he was going to the toilet. *OK, go then?* He said he was scared something would happen. As stupid and niave as I was I did have the sense to tell him they're gay, not rapists and he'd be fine, lock yourself in a cubicle (there was no lock apparently).

tl;dr let a guy hit on me then give me a lapdance
Nier. Got everyone but A2 in my first 11 pull. Didn't take long to get my second 9S.

That or my short amount of pulls for Santa Roselia, got 2 Christines before that.
As I've said to many others it *may*. My tsb card from march doesn't. 
Not sure why the downvotes, this is the correct answer.
Upvote for brain fart.
What might be convenient for me is not convenient for everyone. Ideally I'd like everything to be convenient for me. Maybe the buses should run exactly where I want them to go too...but others might get annoyed at the route changes.
>But that's the same as us

Which is exactly why I am saying they should have kept the old system when they implemented the new one...like everybody else is doing.
Because my card doesn't have contactless. I've got it on my phone and frankly I don't like that the only security on my card for contactless is "don't spend over £30". My phone needs to be unlocked so I'll stick with that.
This is basically bike gymnastics. My favourite difference is in gymnastics it's all about landing and holding that pose to look graceful and in control. In this it's about going apeshit and throwing your bike away like your mum just threw you her used tampon.
I'm going to go upvote an ad.
I've watched that again yesterday and that's something I noticed. I hadn't seen the scene before and didn't know about the beard thing. But I was watching and my attention was drawn to him resting on his arm. I just felt that something was...off.
I have it in my phone, just saying not everyone gets then.
I moved on from old people very quickly and if you did actually read my comments you likely wouldn't have made that one. People also simply aren't getting it. They keep arguing why it's a good thing which isn't what I'm doing.
Nature caused it. I didn't rape my wife, we both chose to have kids. We both knew of the risk of pregnancy before making the decision to have a child. If she didn't want to have a child or go through pregnancy we wouldn't have. I even mentioned adoption at one point.

I felt empathy for the pain but guilt? No. Had this been a surprise or I'd hidden the fact that labour would hurt of course. But my wife isn't a hermit who lived in a cave her whole life. She wanted this more than anything she's ever wanted. Pregnancy, labour and being a parent were the most exciting times in both our lives. No the time for guilt.
If they were there just for boobs wouldn't they have gone to a strip club?
Edinburgh Castle still has cannons. They even fire them every day at 1 IIRC
Gets to Final Fantasy VIII. This is interesting

Load 42 more images

*dafuq*
I've done 3(which was the case before) and 4. I'll forget to put 5 back on and I won't risk that!
I got my card in march. Not contactless. Silver account. Don't know what to tell you other than that 
It was already there
Still people, old not required
>I've never heard of the problem so why care?
People just drop their change in and go, it's as quick. It wasn't that long ago buses existed that used cash. It's not that much slower. The same people who stood and looked for change are the same people who are fannying around looking for the card/phone. Situation didn't change there.
It's not like it's a dead medium. It's cash, even offer discount for using cards. But it's cash. The only thing right now it should be *swapped* for is debit. 

Didn't need to screw some people over.
The same way you do now. Did you just mass text people asking for drugs?
OOhhhh la dee da. Someone had money for cave paint.
Generally, but about those that don't fit into the generally? That' what IO'm talking about. They still exist you know. And they can still easily use a system that's still widely used...just not on busses anymore.

As for saying people got used to them? Well it's easy to say that when they had no choice. I'm used to going through airport security but it was a fuck ton easier in the 90's.
>date. Go to a busy Pret at lunch and try and use chip and PIN to pay and eyes will roll in the queue of people behind.

Will they tut too!? How will society cope...

Look. Here's it in basic.

We had a system set up for what was everyone. Cash. Lots of people found a more convenient way of paying for stuff. So bus company added 2 of those payment **and removed the older one** that is still widely used by people. That last part was unnecesary, for now. In the future, yes obsolutely. But people still use cash, it's not that far fetched to believe.

You can give more reasons as to how contactless is great and I'll agree with you because I use it. But I can very easily see that other people exist from me and how they kinda got shoved out the way for the new way. C'mon, give them a break. They're just trying to catch a bus.
That's one specific example. Any example is just someone without a regular need for an oyster card who doesn't have conactless. That's it. Don't mistake someone giving a specific example for there only being that specific example. I gave another example, my friend (who is 30 btw). It's not hard to give others and I'm sure if you flipped your empathy switch you could too.
Weird. My brand new one is not. (Which I like tbh, I want to keep contactless on my phone).
Well you didn't read what I said properly. I said It'll be great. I like that it's here now. I also like how we're moving to electric cars. But I don't want to replace all petrol stations with charging points yet. That'd fuck over the people using petrol and diesel engine cars. Similarly to our situation, I don't think we're ready to completely move over to contactless yet, it's awesome it's there as an option. I use it frequently but not everybody does and we still rely heavily on debit cards and cash. I think cash can be moved away from because debit card (contactless optional) is so frequently used. But contactless is still new and is something not everybody uses.
They're perfectly reliable with cash. Every 10-15 minutes. Geez, how did you survive before. It'll be great in the future when contacless is the standard, but we aren't quite there yet.
I would prefer it too. I use contactless all the time. But I know plenty of people it would be a hindrance too. My friend is a dinosaur when it comes to tech. There's no way his ancient Xiomi does contactless, I doubt it's on Android 5.0 (we're on 8). In fairness I don't know if he has contactless cards but he or others the same may. And he very very rarely busses anywhere. He drives the large majority of the time.

But the point is they shouldn't have replaced cash. They should have just added contactless. Works for my local bus (which I rarely take).

The apple question was Rhetorical.
Unless you're that old school type of person who carries cash everywhere.

Again, convenient for some, less convenient for other.s They shouldn't have removed a basic option. They should have just added the others and not replaced.
Why is this tagges as FFXIII?

Anyway. I like what square have done with not doing that. They way it might branch later down the line is easier to work in Mass effect. But I don't think it would work as well in FF.
No.
I just want to hop on a bus, people might not want o go to the shops first. We used to be able to do that.
Those are great options which I frequently use. I know people who still use fossils as their mobile phones. It's not that uncommon. 

It's a great option and I'm glad it's there. But that's what it should be right now. An option. I agree that cash is probably good to have on the way out but non-contactless debit card should still be the minimum standard. 
Card is fine. But not all cards are contactless yet. So not being able to use what is the standard right now seems stupid to me. Stop cash is fine as long as you can use a card machine (contactless optional).

Frankly I hate contactless cards. They made such a huge deal of chip and pin, being secure etc. And now you can just not have any security other than a spending limit per transaction. Contactless phones though are awesome. But that's for another post.
>**If** it's contactless


And are oyster card available everywhere?

Like myself. I don't live particularly near a shop and I get the bus so infrequently that having a prepaid card for it would be incredibly pointless. I also just had to change my bank card presently (expired) so if it was attached to that I'd have to get another one. So due to their changes I can no longer just hop on a bus, I have to go get something first.

I'm just saying having contactless is super, I'd use it all the time. But having to have a specific card or contactless which not everyone uses yet is great for some but not great for others.

More convenient for some, less convenient for others. They should have continued to allow money and added, not replaced, with contactless/oyster card.
>In JP

Never mind then, could be whenever.
Our way, or no way then? Are your busses owned by apple?
TSB only offers it with gold accounts. I only recently got my silver account and it didn't have contactless (a couple of weeks). My wife has the gold and it was contactless.
Human
I'm finding I'm missing info that wasn't given to me at the start of this. That's fine then, if you buy tickets with card before getting on then that seems fine.

Otherwise contactless or a pre bought card seems like it would be either be really convenient to some but really inconvenient to others.
Wait, you can still use debit card? That wasn't said before.
Tons of cards are not contactless.
After school I didn't know what to do. I did OK grades wise. Career adviser suggested going to college to study Social Sciences. Not go to university which I had the grades for (note in the UK college is below university). My good grades were in Mathematical subjects, English wasn't my strong point. 

I struggled like fuck. Really difficult. There was one course on stats I had to do which was more than a breeze, too easy. I ended up dropping out after I failed an exam miserably. Note it was *free to go in Scotland so I didn't waste much money.

Ended up getting a job in Security. A couple of promotions and made around £20,000/year. Went travelling with my girlfriend at about 21, I came back and went to do IT in college. Got an HND (half a degree basically) and now work in IT makingmore than I did before (took me two years vs three to reach the same level of income and I'm not at the ceiling like I was almost at with security). 
someones who is 63? (or just anyone who fits the description I gave.)
Many people have just cash and many people don't have cash. The point is that you've put in one and cut off the other and that's odd to me. My local bus has both.
Many people have just cash. What if you don't have contactless or an oyster card and need to get a bus quickly? Old people who visited London on the train/megabus come to mind.
Most games still do this. Rocket League as my example does this. You unlock something like different wheels, toppers, skins every few games. On top of that you can get the loot boxes. You *can* also trade stuff in a couple different ways.

A lot of the reasons you give are problems with a certain lootbox system. Like slow rates of getting the boxes or whatever. Well speed it up. Or rates to prioritise the wrong class, that's not lootboxes in general, that's someone being a dickhead. That should indeed be removed.

I like lootbox if done right. It's a fun, non essential element in the game that offers fun rewards that are different to everyone. It allows people to be unique in how they build and compare to each other...if done right. 

Also when you say bonus for the publisher, if you removed the paid element like I said then how does it benefit the publisher (unless the players enjoy it?
Lothian buses only driving **in** Edinburgh do this. Get on a First bus in Edinburgh that *also* goes out of town and you'll pay different amounts.

I know this because I use them myself. I can also attest that Aberdeen doesn't use a flat fair. There's a system of something similar to 1-2 stops =x, 3-5 stops=y and 6+ stops =z

Also, that user didn't seem condescending at all.
What? You can't pay by cash at all?
I had an instructor like that. I was 3 lessons in and all I did was shift between gears 1-3 and brove around a block turning left each time. I thought I was shit. Due to payment issue with BSM (they took money and said I'd used lessons I hadn't) I got a new instructor. New instructor asked what I had done, watched me do it and within 10 minutes had me going round a small roundabout and then onto other stuff.

Get a new instructor, this one is either shit or taking the piss to get lots of money for you.

Edit: Saw the other comment that you did this. Well bad luck you got 2 bad instructors in a row, change again.
We just had 2 FFX banners, already getting Auron?
Give it time for him to process, this isn't finished yet.
They're out there, you can't do anything about that. If anyone is harrasing her you can deal with them but honestly, the pictures are there. She made the mistake and there's no going back.
If it's PVP then performance enhacing stuff is the worst. Pay to Win. 

But being offered a mytery box of clothing that is 100% optional and **not** buy it doesn't stop you from playing or continuing the game then what's wrong? As long as there's other options then that's fine.

Rocket League for example. Tons of stuff from the loot boxes. All cosmetic. You get some stuff for free. And you can occasionally get ways to open the odd box for free. I think that's done perfect.
If you can buy stuff directly that's fine. But honestly if it's just cosmetic then I think it's fine. As long as it's never, **NEVER** a requirement to win and everything is upfront (odds and potential winnings) then I can't see the issue. 

If you don't want to buy the mystery box of clothing and stuff then don't. It's when they start adding shit like exp multipliers, guns or cars with better performance. That's when it starts getting fucked up.
Whatever answer you get. Remember you're online. The answers you get you have no idea if people are giving you the right answer. Perhaps you're speaking to a troll and gives you advice that will make it worse or you're speaking to someone who is genuinely trying to help but doesn't know what they're talking about or you're speaking to someone who *does* know what they're talking about but is working from photos on the internet instead of checking it out in person.

My wife caused herself tons of pain because she was drinking milk to ease heartburn when she actually had a gallbladder infection. Milk makes it worse apparently.

Also fun fact I was really hungover once and had hurt my throat from singing to much in a club +the drinking, lots of drinking. I went to a chemist to buy some of those sweets that ease the pain a little. Woman in the shop said I had mono. No I don't love, I'm just hungover. 
Not piss her off
It's gravity. If you're sat on your seat then a large portion of your body weight is being taken by the seat. Pedal power will most be your strength in your legs. 

If you're standing on your pedals and shift your weight correctly you can use gravity to give downforce into the pedals to give you more push than just your leg muscles can provide. More accelaration and speed.

So while this can give you more acceleration. It can also allow you to use your muscles in your legs less for pushing. You can let gravity do some work *for* you instead of additionally.

Now professionals won't do this because they have to cycle long distances and standing for a long time will burn their stamina faster. If they did cycling sprints then they'd maybe use standing to fire off the line quickly.

Finally - sometimes the seat hurts your ass. It's not a comfy sofa.
When you eventually get so frustrated you will throw and break it in anger. You can use the extra controller when you've calmed down.
Email square enix and/or playstation support.
I remember when gumi added the home screen banner at it would cover someones face. People went fucking nuts at that. Calling for mass 1* reviews on the app/play store. They were so mad. 
I've done everything so far. Over a year and I'm a minnow (last years april fools shop item got me). Nothing missing. In fact there's only a handful of units I want.

Basch - Mystea is fine but she's pretty weak. She does the job but sometimes reraise is required because her HP is so low.

Elfreeda - Starting my TDH

Dupes - Really just for the 7* meta. Wilhelm, Lightening, Rem, Seabreeze DF and Christine are the 5 dupes I have. 
It's really the context of everything you've been saying so far. See I read everything you've said as a whole and not everything as a separate sentence from the rest of what you were saying.

And the message I got from you was what I said above. If that's not the message you're trying to across you're doing a really shitty job at getting a you want to say over.
And really in PvP games where loot boxes are cosmetic only are fine.

Edit: unpaid lootboxes
hit the dropdown and unlike. Try the desktop site instead
Except those that fit perfectly
Well that was the exact message I got from what you said before. I still don't understand your point at all.
Tough situation. Do it in a nice way, be gentle and sit her down. make a nice meal and just be sure to reiterate that you still love her the entire time, keep repeating it.
On the pages themsleves are the options to unlike. It'll say "liked" click that and choose option to unlike.
Relationships are held together by communication. You do need to speak to her.


Cecil can't provoke. Wilhelm is the provoke king.
If you think every woman does anything pro woman for the same vindictive sexist reasons as the more extreme feminists do then you're as sexist as the feminazis say we are.

Some, like the womans football one. Is just a womans football coach who is trying to promote the sport because A. They think it deserves more attention. B. They want more money in their pocket because more people=more money C. They care about their team and want to see them do well and having more spectators means bigger acheivements or D. Vindictive reasons for "fuck mens football". 

People are people and will do things for all sorts of reasons. All above (and more) will apply to different woman and also men. One thing I've learned is that the loudest and most extreme versions of any group (not just feminists) are never the majority.
And how does that relate to what I said and the question OP asked?
His issue isn't keeping it going. It's that in 10 mans roy locks you out swapping units.
A tank with innate provoke is incredibly helpful.
I went through each filter slot individually compairing each item. Have 40 swords is pointless. I got them down to about 10. I have too many lances but the elementals on them make me keep hold. I gave up on using status weapons. Then some are are just obviously shit like a non elemental hammer with 28 attack.
Sometimes it seems to be endless. Othertimes it hardly takes anytime. I don't really care either way. The longer ones tend to feel pretty good though so they're the best. 
Extreme right wing feminsms that gets most media attention might be.

Actual feminsism that most woman adhere to is not. It's just trying to get womans football more popular and stuff like that.
People like and dislike different stuff. It's called being human.
I was a noob.
Geordie shore is our version but turn of Jersey shore. Be sure to turn on subs. Made in Chesea is a bit of the richer kids than geordie shor, more like the Kardashians. Big Brother is still on but not nearly as popular as it once was. Jeremy Kyle is our Jeremy Springer.

We have lots of comedy sitcoms but I don't think any are hugely popular like the Big Bang Theory (is that trasy?). Miranda is one that's been going a while. Not going out. Oh Mrs Browns Boys is one.

Honey Boo boo. We don't have anything like that. We might have the occasional *documentary* special but that's it.
Someone else on reddit posted it months ago. Sorry but I'll point you to google.

If you win pay me £5000 and I'll go find it myself!
Soliel is the best unit for 10 mans. You'll need her irregardless (until a non bard buffer comes out). Bards are not just not as good in 10 mans, they literally fuck you over. But it depends if you think you can enhance lunera and then enhance soleil later when you want to do 10 man trials.
No as he's still singing.
It's not just that. I think it's a whole heap of stuff. Consultants to speak to about investing and spending. I'm not sure, I saw someone list the benefits that are given to you and it's quite a lot...and stuff you don't think of.
Major confliction.

I don't want to body shame, I want them to be able to wear what they want. But it looks gross a lot of the time and I don't want you wearing it.
Try eating something that you don't think will make it worse. Make an appointment with a dietitian too. FYI nutritionist isn't a protected term and anyone can just call themselves that. A dietitian is an actual proffesional job.
/r/Watercolor ?
If you think it's causing issues I don't see why not? You seem very nervous about doing so, I'm assuming something is stopping you cutting it off?
Ask a doctor.
Back where!?
Staffing is always the highest expenditure, not taxes. They need staffing pay breaks lol...which we don't.
You literally quote him saying you need it

>It’s fine to use soap or body wash where you need it—underarms, groin, feet

From the first link

> the only places that need daily soaping are your armpits and groin. 

The second is one guy, not a dertamtologist. And I can hit it right back. I've had times where I've been away and forgotten to take soap. I stink. Especially from my armpits. Showering helps but isn't great, I still smell. Congrats on that guy but I still smelled. It doesn't just rub away. So that's one guys personal experience vs mine.

So can I find a single source? Yes,2 of the 3 sources you provided me.
Quick take "/s" this or idiots will downvote you!
A lot of smaller companies would really really struggle. They already struggle against the bigger firms.

Raise the minimum wage and employers have to pay more, but from where is that money coming from? 

Larger companies obviously have much much bigger margins to eat into and many other places to take money away from like IT infrastructre, various project budgets all sorts.

Smaller business already struggle as it is. Many new business owners don't see profits for years and years. Tell them their staff outgoings is going up then where do they take it down? They already probably pay minimum on everything already. Putting up staffing wages might cause the business to go under.

Of course it still needs to go up. Inflation at least. As the business grows maybe it can afford to go up. But you can't just put minimum wage up and expect everyone to be happy.

Plus if minimum wage goes up everything goes up. They guy getting paid more than mimum wage for the job that is especially shitty is now in line with minimum wage. So he quits to do an easier job. Now how are they attracting people to this really shitty job if it doesn't pay more than minimum wage. It has to go up to. 

Then people business are paying more to employees they have to likely charge more for goods and services lowering the benefit of people getting paid more. Now they want more again!

I'm in favour of upping minimum wage sensibly. But I can easily see why you would not want it to go up.
And belts are more powerful than full on twisters
Have you read that? It's about **overuse** of cleansing products, not using that stuff at all.

When it comes to soap I'll just quote the tiny section on soap

>It’s fine to use soap or body wash where you need it—underarms, groin, feet...

Rest is about overuse. You still need soap to not smell you idiot.
I wouldn't want to tell the press. But I've heard they offer you all sorts of assistance like accountants if you tell the press. Something like that that makes it worthwhile.

I'd tell me friends and family.
I very very rarely use shampoo. Like every other month. But when I leave my hair to grow a little longer than usual I can feel my hair getting greasy, and just kinda less flowy if that makes any sense. Just doesn't feel nice. I use shampoo (shit shampoo) and it makes it much much nicer.
This comment is stupid, commercial trick. Soap has existed before this "tricks". I've had days when I've had no soap and I stink. Take your tinfoil hat and leave.
I did one of those extreme diets to kick off another more sensible diet. Only ate packets of powder mixed with milk. Fucking awful. 

I was craving a cheese sandwich. Shit cheese sandwich too in a [roll](https://cniwo66329.i.lithium.com/t5/image/serverpage/image-id/931i2CFE27839E61168F/image-size/large?v=1.0&px=999) with some butter and shitty cheddar cheese. That's it. No fillet steak, no bucket of KFC, nothing you'd crave normally. I wanted a shitty cheese sandwich. I would just day dream about that.
You gotta choose your language very very specifically. Best way to do it is to compliment the guy on getting a good looking girl. Compliment *through* the guy. Complimenting the girl is a minefield.
Mariah Carey.
Homosexuality. Still intrigues me. I know quite a few gay and straight people. But I've never met a very camp straight guy. What is it that happens that cause this?

I've also watched a program and in it it discussed likes and dislikes in partners physical attributes. Straight people base their likes on reproductive features (on average) and gay people do not. I also feel we don't know everything which is why it intrigues me.. Like what causes people to be gay or straight?
/r/askmen about womans bodys. This seems like the wrong place
Yes. Adding your friends is probably the first thing everybody does.
I'm going light for him. My wilhelm is slighty behind yours (what's your build?). LMS is good for some amazing prizes later that wilhelm will struggle with. Plus he's a cool unit, I will use him for fun sometimes
If there's no Next you're done.
TMR are good. Not amazing, just good. Units are meh excepot from Minfilla who is situationally amazing. 

Nothing to kill yourself over.
Don't know much about that diet. Also think about how "fussy" your fiance is. Does he need the perfect place? Or will be probably be happy with anywhere he likes?
Attractive. The only time it'd be ugly is when it's circus weird. Not like wow she's ugly, but holy shit she's 6"8, built like channing tatum with a full beard weird.

Also been known to stare at people because I think I know them.

A lot of guys are intimidated to approach woman these days. I think it's worse than before because there's a chance you'll get that woman who'll reject you and embarrass you about approaching her. Unlikely but it's still worrying. Also we also feel self conscious and approaching is scary.
Ditto. I have no big urges to pull for anything in the future except for dupes for 7*. I finally got a top end healer after Tilith dropped of the meta and I have top tier units. I'm saving and I think I'll for LMS too. Not too mad though like I did for Tilith but still want him.
You're welcome!
It's your fiances birthday. It's about what he likes, so go to where he likes. Others can accommodate that. People not liking this or that is their issue. It's his birthday, it's the one day a year for getting what he wants so let him have it.

That said the elderly uncle thing. He deserves a little accommodation so try and accommodate that. But that friend who is picky with what they eat? That's a problem for normal dinners out, not birthdays.

tl;drDo what makes your fiance happy, not everyone else.
That's a good point. Might not be worth for most players. New players it might not be worth the energy to lose out on the others stuff (since they'll be limited in what they can get). Older players likely have better stuff. So not so new but not so veteren players might benifit.
>I have a few regrets about my teenage years (all the way to 23) 

Who doesn't!? I'm just glad my teenage years were on Bebo and not Facebook. Only yesterday I talked to my friend about some really stupid embarassing shit we did at around 15. Teenagers are dumb and stupid and we all look back and get embarassed. /r/blunderyears is a sub for fashion disasters we had as teens.

Obviously not everyone goes through your situation but I want to just show that even the best of us have regrets from being a teen. And I certainly had some big and small issues as a teen. Especially with family. 

> I have this feeling that I have missed out on some aspects of my young years.

You did miss out on stuff. Everybody does in some way. And you'll miss out on stuff as an adult and then an old person. We can't have everything in life. But that's OK. It doesn't matter, missing out on things doesn't actually mean anything. It's about the things you **did** do, not the things you didn't. So you never went to that wild party, or skipped school and went to the beach. That doesn't matter. It's about the other things you did. Whether it was sititng in waching TV, studying or the nights you spent crying because of that thing that happened. It's the things that shape us.

>I knew that if things were a little different,

Story of life. You can't think like this, you can be thinking about it until you're 80. When you trip on your 80th birthday and slip a disk in your hip you could think...well if I stayed in I wouldn't be in hospital. Doesn't matter, your in hospital now. Make the most of your life, you are where you are. Look at the present and ahead. The only time to look back is to learn from it and remember fondly.

>I'll forget about these things and I'll finally be happy.

You won't forget. I never forgot about some bad things that happened. But that's back then and this is now. I'm still happy. 

Think of it this way. If those things didn't happen in your teen years would you be where you are today? Would you have been in the same place where you met this girl? You might have some different friends and you'd be with him them instead of meeting the girl. Or maybe you'd have moved across country to go to college and not be in the same area to even know the girl.

Whatever happened in life, you are here. Now. Nothing will change that. But all the good things in life you have because of those events and good or bad you have your life to thank for that. And nothing you do can change that. 
So you can't change the past, well you can change the now so  text this girl and tell her how awesome she is and go hang with her because you can't make the past happier, but you can make the now happy and she is making you happy! Go work hard for a better future, go clean your place so it looks good, call a friend to hang out, whatever you do that makes you happy. Do that!
Older millennial here.

Plenty of millennials don't use social media. Plenty get it and leave it. It's not as big of a deal as you think.

You don't really need to explain anything. Hey you got facebook? Na I never really got into it. That's kinda it, people don't care as much as you think. Some might want to get you to use it but that's because they want to see you online (which is a good thing right?) but they won't care if you don't. My best friend doesn't have it.

You're not going to lose friends or anything over any of this. 

But if you want to go ahead. Pick one, add/follow people and just see what they do. Share things in your life you want to share and don't share things you don't want to share.

Twitter is about small quick thoughts, picutres. Look at my dinner, look at what I'm doing right now, here's a thought I have, here's a joke. There's a lot of celebrities using twitter and that's a draw. Seeing what your favourite celebs are doing is good.

Facebook is a bit more of a wide net. Similar to twitter but also about keeping in touch with people. Older people tend to use facebook these days too. 

Instagram is all photos. I've heard it's on it's way out but I have no idea. I just never got into instragram. I prefer text, thoughts, rather than photos. 

Just go do it, and see how others use it.
Disgusting is a bit OTT. They still taste like sausages. If You hate Richmods you can't like other sausages particularly much.
You look nothing alike, you're not even wearing a tie!
This monster.

I was new, I needed space and my Lenna was awesome...if only I knew. **IF ONLY I KNEW**
You want to know triggered!? Try hearing the hype about her 6* and realising you sold her when you were a noob from the first banner!
FYI we already have Magic Barrier Device from one of the Raids we did last year.

Thanks for the tips though, I didn't realise these existed.

Edit: [This Raid](https://exvius.gamepedia.com/King_of_Darkness)
I was hearing Manchurian
How do you think her parents, society and the law would see this? Even if there's *no sexual intention from both sides*. I bet they'd prefer their eldest daughter to date a drug addict than one who would kiss their youngest 14yo daughter.

Whatever way you look at this, the only real answer is to not do **anything** here. You simply can't do this.

Tell her all girls and boys don't know how to kiss at some point and especially at 14. Tell her to practice on her hand, watch TV, ask her friends. If she wants practice she needs to find a boyfriend.
Might be easier to farm Steiner.
People need to stop comparing ourselves to JP, it's just creating salt.
This is very true. Though I was trying to keep it simple for OP and I was already thinking I was including too much.
General a single tank is fine for most content. Provoke or AoE physical. WoL.

The only times I use 2 tanks is for trials or a couple of the harder story fights. 

Ozetta and WoL won't work together as they are both for physical attacks. WoL light will cover Ozetta and ozetta will be pointless. Use Warrior of light for now. If you get a magic AoE cover tank then you can use Ozetta with them when you do the harder stuff. 

Be aware these [rankings](https://exvius.gamepedia.com/Unit_Rankings) are very rough. Plenty of the top tier units are useless in the right circumstances but it will give you an idea of who is good and why.
Cecil is the worst.

You have 3 types of tanks.

Cover, provoke and AoE cover. Also a tank can cover either magic damage or physical damage.

Cover tanks will cover one unit from harm. Provoke tanks makes it more likely they will get hit with the attacks instead of other units. AoE cover covers the entire team from damage.

AoE cover is the best (generally) as it means it's impossible for the other units to get hit.

However if you use a unit that is AoE magic cover then you can't use a unit that is AoE physical cover (only one works at a time). The trick to this is to use AoE magic cover and a provoke tank. All magic hits get tanked and most or all of the physical attacks hit the porovoke tank. Exception being physical AoE hits. Currently impossible to block both AoE magic AND physical attacks.

This leaves cover tanks with little or nothing to do. Cecil included. He used to be Meta with his buffs and cover but now is worthless. Once the cover tank is covering someone everyone else is still vulnerable. If the cover tank covers another tanky unit your healer or glass cannon dps unit is vulerable and that's kinda pointless.

Ozetta is your best Provoke tank and Veritas of the Earth is your best AoE cover tank. I'd use him for now.

Other notable units:

AoE Physical cover: Warrior of Light, Basch (best), Charlotte, Veritas of the Earth

AoE Magic Cover: Mystea, Basch(best?), Chou(best?)

Provoke Tank: Wilhelm (best), Warrior of light, Sohze, Ozetta

Edit: I noticed in another comment you have Warrior of Light. Use him as he's better than Veritas of the Earth. He's a solid breaker too. For provoke he's not great but he's a solid AoE cover tank and his enhancements are good. Swap with Basch if you get him. Use Wilhelm if you get a magic tank.
I think he was serious about minecraft, mistake being it's mario64. Zizou got (most of) the joke and made a mistake, clay asking who'se gonna tell him the last piece of the joke. That's what I'm seeing here and it's not a whoosh, unless I'm whooshing now and missing something....
Wait, you get more exp from fusing if the units are a higher level? I thought they needed awoken?
Both come with different stuff but generally Raid events easily. It depends of course of what's in the raid pull. This raid to those who have seen the past 2 FFXIV raids isn't as worthwhile. I have all the units and most of the equipment. I'm just in it for cactaurs, gigantaurs(not super worthwhile right now to me), exp and those nicer TMRs. Oh and pots and tickets. 

Mog King comes with more tickets (big selling point), crysts, star quartz, awakening mats etc. Not as good but because it has some stuff that isn't on the raid it might be better for you. 


If you were given an opertunity in game to spend two minutes and get 100 lapis for it would you do it?

Throw a message their way, for the two minutes it takes it's worth 100 lapis. Worse they'll do is say no, you've already done half the work with screenshots.
Blew my load for CG Fina. Back up to almost 18000 lapis, 9 4* tickets and 43 normal tickets. I've thrown the odd ticket here and there for fun (got Named Gunner Jake). I might pull on the dragon quest banner for metal slime for fun, I'll go easy on it though. 

I don't like to hoard too much but I don't like to throw everything away either. A balance between the two is best. 
They still might, very unlikely. The issue with voice acted parts is if you have custom names you either have really really off inserts of dialogue and the custom names. Or the characters never get referred to by name which is weird. Works fine in text as you put the vocies through your own brain and make it up. But IRL? No it doesn't work.

As for text dialogue subs are a thing.
Raise with support
I am not showing my mother in law urban dictionary
I thought it was when someone takes it seriously not getting it's a joke?
Even still, not a whoosh no? 
Nope it's magic. It's a magic Pikachu coffee spell and a clean my spoon spell.
Sweet!
My brother in law married a butchers daughter. As such only proper sausages. When she's away the kids get Richmond's for a treat.

I myself think *proper* sausages are great and also love shitty mystery ones.
It's it a whoosh? I think the guy got it was a joke but just got the wrong game
Your parents accounts shouldn't be administrator accounts. 

Install TeamViewer so that if they need to install something you can do it for them. Plus help with stuff if needed.

If they have windows 7 or 8 get them on 10 (it's free) so it forces then to keep up to date. 

Best to use Windows defender imo. It's not going to ask them to update to premium cover or anything and it's still decent protection.

Web of trust on their browser will make it easy to see dodgy websites.


My mother in law asked me what spunk was. I said said she had to ask someone else.
We had a different name for those.

So that's not *effort* that's a set goal to go a grade.
You mean we need to put **tits**, **ass** and **butts** for more karma?
I always just kinda assumed it was a black white thing where the black people historically were separated upstairs.
So what's the Pacers?
So how do you expect to be graded without anything to be graded on?
Merge more, get more TMR's merge to make the better versions of the TMR's
Craving perfection can be bad or good. But it's when you're not OK without perfection that you find yourself not happy with good things, like you have now.

You should be happy at how well you're doing, not frustrated.
There's out of hours appointments with GPs if you actually need it. NHS24 give them out.
When was this? I knew a bunch of places open past 9am on sunday.
Nearby chippy?
A private sub for the sub I mod? There's 6 users
You'd make a shit teacher.
They were a game company. Now they're a gaming company that provides an entire gaming platform that *has* made games.
OPs natural follow up would be "what did they observe and learn from specifically?"
Oh hey some troll's trying to start a fight, lets watch. *grabs popcorn*
What were your expectations on being tested?
Speak to your parents about this, you just need to get enough sleep and find time to relax.
Until we're all gone. There's currently 7 billion people here. You put 10 people in a room and they argue, you think 7 billion people will ever be 100% *chill*
>GCSE P.E

I mean we can skip over this right?
Wales is set for some large changes at the head of the old Senior Chief Inspector of HMEI for Scotland Graham Donaldson.

Don't know enough to expand any though.
It sucks. I had to do it when learning to drive many years ago.
Roy's issue is battles more than 1 turn but less than 7. Ramza is better than Roy if you don't need attack buff for a couple of turns and breaks for a little while until you get war/victorious songs. If you need it right off the bat or the battle while only be 4-5 turns long Ramza is better. If you can work from just DEF/SPR buffing for a few turns then Roy is better.

Ramza would be a good expedition unit too.
Buy thicker condoms might help. Extra safe or whatever
I hate this sub. It's literally a load of shyte now
To order a pizza, why isn't this working?
There are lots of answers here. From blood flow, mental stare, temperature etc. They are all correct. All sorts of stuff affects the size of your little guy.
Use the training dummy for practice.

For summoners turn on the summon animations, it helps greatly in timing.
Your answer sounded like you had only those units and nothing else, I was telling you you will need others and a further reason why...conversation strayed from there.
I forgot about Chloe. I meant in general. If we want to start nitpicking there's an entire debate on varying situations etc
Elnath and Sheritan trial fights. You choose 10 units: no friend units and no duplicate units meaning you can't bring your 2 trance terra's. At the start of each round you have the normal 5 units out like the arena. However you can swap any units for the other 5 you chose. You have to do this at the start of the round, if a unit makes a move the swapping mechanic is locked and you are stuck with the 5 units. As roy's songs last more than one round and immediately sings at the start of the round he locks the swapping mechanic immediately. Roy, Ramza and Loren are useless in these. Enhanced Soliel is the best.

Also other trials you'll find that the one team you like won't work. I can already see  Tidus being replaced in Wicked moon and with that setup you won't manage Malboro either (you'll want a provoke tank instead). Maybe Aiganon, been a while since I did that.

It's fine building one strong team but realise you'll need units that do other stuff to help you win later.

Edit: Minfilla is on the Raid Banner as a free unit to pull and a free unit gifted after so many points.
You can get Minfilla now for free. Also there is no one single team for everything. Come 10 man trials you're going to need more than them and Roy is beyond useless in 10 man trials (get Soliel!).
Long term player here. Minfilla has been used tons in the past. She is the third best elemental defence unit in the game behind Marie and Yuna. She's been on loads of fights and is MVP to any fights that primarily attacks with 2 elements. I used her for Elnath in 10 man and a couple of other trials and tougher content.

This was before her enhancements which weren't bad at all!
lol this isn't the right place for this. FFBE questions, not browser issues.

But hey I'll help. Try clearing your cookies/temp files.
There's no single way to put him and especially these days most people are meta. Here's the wiki entry on him - [here](https://exvius.gamepedia.com/The_Octopus_Teacher#ELT).

Any Physical tank who can provoke or AoE cover will be good here. Earth Elemental damage will be good. Veritas of the Earth will be an MVP if you have him.

Take someone who can inflict wind damage, if typhoon says his nose is itchy then hit him with wind damage, you'll avoid snort (removes a unit).

Yuna, Cirius or Minfilla can help loads in this. Minfilla is free right now and is awesome for elements. She can protect against wind, water and earth which will lower damage loads. Other than that keep hitting him and kill typoon asap.


You need to ask for advice to post here. Try /r/askreddit
TMR isn't too bad.
https://www.reddit.com/r/redditmobile/comments/4rfuz1/deleting_a_post/
Restart the app.
Why do you like this guy?
Your friends? anytime. Loads of people love hooking up their friends.
I'm really glad this isn't a thing. I like little easter eggs here and there but if I unlocked a squall or Cecil summon I'd find that pretty stupid.

FF games each work in their own universe, Gilgamesh and the XIII/VII universe theory aside there's not much else. I don't want to be hit in the face with LOOK AT THIS CHARACTER FROM ANOTHER GAME!.
A few times a week there's a post asking if there's going to be a remake of FFVIII or if people would like one. I've been seeing it for months and months now.

There's definitely interest but I wouldn't put the word resurgence to it.
If you aren't ready to get a dog then aren't ready to get married.
Stop worrying about what other people think. Find something **you** like and wear it anyway...whether it's normie or not.
Can't help on android but you don't need a particularly good PC to farm on (fyi a laptop is a PC).
60 is what I was told by someone. I actually have no idea, just what was told to me.
Asked this recently. 60 I think.
TDH is not needed. Currently completed everything and best damage is DW/DH. 

I'm currently trying to horde King pots and king metal gigantaurs in prep for 7*.
BBC have always been very very generous to education. They used to give out CDs to schools with this exact thing and BBC [bitesize](https://www.bbc.com/education) has been going since the mid 2000's at least when I used it.
BBC have bveen releasing stuff for teachers for years. The drama department had stacks of stuff. I was also in an educational film about ship building and some of the BBC's stuff was used.
I did, he said buy underwear when it's cold.
I agree, it's not like they're wearing child's outfits. It's children in a certain outfit.
That was exactly the point I was aiming for.
I think if we're banning because of child pornography it's best not to dance around "well she's 18 here but not there so..."
EvilLaughter is awesome! Glad we're all laughing together in the dark.

I've benched plenty in my time. Lenna, Cecil, Firion...hell even Lani did me well as she was my only unit with black magic who could tackle those stone fucking slabs for a long time. Sad times but it's happened. I haven't used Fohlen or DKC at all but they're both ranked higher than Greg. Until you start struggling with him don't worry to much. There's no content you should face pre-trial that requires certain DPS. If you had to you could use Shadow, as long as the other units keep you alive.
Remember that doctors are just people. Irregardless of training they have the same strengths and flaws we all have. Some will be the most amazing people, some the worst and many in between. 

I work in IT and the investigation process is the same with us, just easier. User/patient tells you the symptoms, you use your knowledge to investigate further and try to narrow down to what the issue might be and try something, if it doesn't work use what happened as a further clue as to what happened.

The difference being in IT changes are instant. If after speaking and seeing what is happening I change an IP address it will immediately fail or work. With Doctors if they try a new med this can take from a few days to several weeks to start seeing change.
I like to wind them up. Being OTT friendly drives them mad. IUf they say you're shit ask for pointers, be really apologetic. Keep playing too.
Remove Loren. WoL should do the breaking. WoL is only useful as a provoke tank if there's a magic tank on the field, otherwise cover tank/breaker. Put in Soliel when you get her maxed and enhanced. Note to enhance one attack dance and one defence dance, that will do for a while.

You're going to need a mystea/basch/chou in the future for magic tank damage. When you do WoL might do but Wilhelm is significantly better to compliment your magic tank. Rikku and minfilla can help a ton in certain fights.

Get Steiners TMR for Agrias (and everyone really).

Start working on an Agrias and enhance Devine Ruination. Get a Orlandau friend and do some chaining. Gilgamesh will become benched. Otherwise Gilgamesh is good.

Rank Lara to level 52 (5*). If you're doing some farming in the chambers take her along. Extra gold and rare drops form her!

Get Soliel Maxed and enhanced. Once she is she's your main buffer. 

Honestly though. If it's the trials then you're going to want to really need to stop worrying about how hard you hit. Come most trials it's about survival. CG Fina is your BFF. You need that magic tank. Agrias will be awesome with orlandau friend (or another argias but Orlandau better)
We have no idea if she'll get enhancements. People are guessing.

I'd like the 7* dragoon mechanic to be implemented for enhancements (trigger the jump).
On Rule 4 I still think a megathread would be a batter idea IMO. But you guys know best!

On rule2.

So people cannot post a Cosplay of a character that is under 18 at all? or just the NSFW ones?

So Banned main Characters are (with a quick google):

* Rydia FFIV
* Krile FFV
* Relm FFVI
* Gau FFVI
* Mog FFVI
* Yuffi FFVII
* Squal FFVIII
* Rinoa FFVIII
* Zell FFVIII
* Selphie FFVIII
* Irvine FFVIII
* Zidane FFIX
* Vivi FFIX
* Garnet FFIX
* Eiko FFIX
* Tidus FFX
* Yuna FFX
* Rikku FFX
* Vaan FFXII
* Penelo FFXII
* Hope FFXIII
They were always rare no? Most people that's the complaint. No T3 crysts. We need some as rewards for stuff other than story events.
Google "*item name* ffbe"
Nothing better than a pair of tiddies.
Kefka's TMR might be better to suggest. 
>Rocket League

Yeah I still love this. I still feel super accomplished regularly. When you're down by a few goals and make a comeback. OR when some guy is shit talking you and you beat them. It's also fun to just be super calm and apologetic and not rise to their XBL style chat...winds them up more.
>Defeating the English

I got a tingle up my kilt.
One thing I think plenty of people lie to themselves about in the scientific community is the level of faith the have. You see people arguing about the big bang, evolution, or whatever. I believe in that. But I haven't read all necessary papers to understand the finding, the evidence behind it. All of darwins finding over the years of research. 

I believe in the system. The system is there to remove *faith* from it's core. While I have faith in them, that faith requires that they have none to tell us what is true and isn't. If I though that they were basing it on faith I'd be a bit lost.

How many people have honestly gone and researched for themselves, or read up on the research of what they say is **fact**. I'd argue <0.01%. It requires faith. But again the system for what our faith in is based upon fact.

But questions are important, it's part of the system. If you have questions, ask. Because we all want to know. I also like that science often is like *yeah, we don't know...here's some ideas but they're untested and unverified". Religion is a bit more like "god's plan" to new questions. I don't like that.
* The NHS. People say bad things but my wife bas been in it to have her gallbladder removed, large intensitine removed (and a bag but ont he outside of her body), a reversal of that and the birth of our son.
I honestly have no complaints. Staff were excellent. She always got what she needed. They let me stay behind visiting hours if she had her own room and were flexible. Food is pretty meh (ice cream is decent though). We've looked at the costs in the US and we couldn't afford it simply. Thank god for the NHS.

* General acceptance of other cultures. I do think there are times when people get a pass. Just when we're scared to be racist (some of the rape gang incidents in England for incident) but overall we all anyone of any background into our society and it's great. I like walking into the shops and there's flamboyant gay people, some average looking person and someone in a Bhurka in the queue being served by an Asian girl with a think Chinese accent.

* Queuing. This should be an olympic sport which we'd always win.

* We've owned almost all the world at one point or another.

* Whiskey and Yorkshire puddings.
Don't forget shopping trollies in the rivers.
Can't answer for you (assuming from the USA) but I'm from the UK and I don't go enough and I go once or twice, but it's free so it's different.
Which from a country with clean water isn't going to be any different from any other country with clean water. Unless the lettuce isn't clean in which case it doesn't matter which country you're in. 
1. Find one, why does he need to be speaking ASL?
2. Why?
3. So being deaf is a result of being straight? Of course not. Google gay and deaf man and you'll be 10000 results.
4. Excellent, good for you for expanding your knowledge.
>is there a way to compare our science to something to validate it?

That **IS** science. The process of science is such.

People have a thought and such have a theory. The seek to prove or disprove that thought. They do some testing and right a paper on it. It's a published paper but until the scientific community has sought to prove/disprove it it isn't fact. Others work on the paper, test it further with more and different circumstances. Once that's done it's fact. 

Scientists don't just get to say what they want...the media does and often before the final stage of others testing. This is why you see crap like "Scientist say butter gives you cancer". No a scientist said he might have found a link to butter and cancer, later other people found it wasn't true.

That's science. It is comparable to all the aspects of itself and regularly disproving itself because it isn't true. It isn't true in science until it's proven to be true.
In this instance not really, that's more for places with dirty water. There shouldn't be enough minerals left on the lettuce to be an issue.
I did it on purpose, drank loads of water. Litres and litres. I just enjoy drinking tap water all the time and didn't want to have to worry about having stocks of water in the fridge or anything. I just faced the potential problem like a steam train.
Might not have a serious underlying cause but the longer you leave it the worst you'll get. I'm definately in the "I should do something" crowd.
>If religion is real then why bother with all the science??

God didn't give us all the tools to do stuff like fly or play Grand Theft Auto.

>If science is real

What? You might be the first person to ask that question. I'm going to assume you mean if religion isn't real why bother? Well we don't know if it isn't real. Nobody has disproved god and many people think religion is real and they bother so they can not go to hell.
When I moved to autralia I was warned. I thought, fuck this I'm not wasting money on bottled water for 6 months. I just spent a few days on the loo and powered through.
I'm just confused as to why your ex speaking ASL is playing such a huge part in this. I thought you were trying to fit them into your life and wanted your future partner to be invovled with the friendship too.

So why exactly do they need to speak ASL?
No, 99% of us aren't. Much like most people before any war.
I looked it up a while back and had a discussion on it.

Scotland has the highest water quality in the UK. However it's marginal and all 4 countries have exceptionally high water quality. Globally we have an exceptionally high rating too. Very very safe to drink.

If you come from abroad however be aware the difference in mineral content can upset your stomach and potentially give you loose stools. This isn't due to water quality. It's more like acclimatisation for what you drink. 
And didn't try to see if it was anything else?
Ah so are you looking for a boyfriend who can speak with your friend?
Resale? Return it and get a replacement/refund! If you want to sell it on you might as well resell an unopened one!
Get a different doctor
Yes. I get everything from her, I don't need anything from anyone else except a bit of banter.
RNG is RNG. It happens. It's possible to have 10,000 tickets and 350,000 lapis and get no rainbows.
Oh yeah absolutely. As long as you were fairly "normal". I bet being black/gay or the wrong religion in the wrong place made it real easy.
I think I got a cassette of "I wanna be like you" from the jungle book.  I was a kid and got it long before I was listening to older music.
Gaming for several hours on end. I just can't do it now. I remember buying games and just being glued for a whole weekend if I didn't see my friends.

Now, even if I plan an evening and the wife/kid is out I get an couple of hours in and I have to get up and do something else for a bit.
Anything that doesn't go away and is persistent. If it's small but regualr headaches that seem like nothing but come often.

A rash that isn't annoying but doesn't go away.

Anything that just kinda hangs around.
You're not the only one. Welsh, English and Scottish people don't really do their own saints day either. But we all get royally fucked up for St Paddy's day.
Stopping what you're doing, taking a break, watching some tv, eat some nice food, go for a walk or any exercise.
OP specifically asked for the evidence in the title
OP specifically asked for the evidence in the title
Nothing much tbh. I don't really care about my age but I get why people do. They don't want to feel older, it's a milestone and I get it so I don't really question it.
[Is gif OK?](https://i.makeagif.com/media/9-08-2015/0B3XD2.gif)
Why would I?
Find a club? Looks for mums groups (if your kid is around that age). My wife met new friends by going to these mum groups and having play dates.
What's the age gap? Sometimes maturity isn't always the big issue. Stages in life. If he's 40 and you're 22. He might be thinking that dating someone who'll be 40 when he's retiring isn't a fun prospect.
He might also just be kinda shy physically. Have you asked him? We can't tell you, time for a talk.
Don't do anything, let him get through his journey. He'll discover himself soon enough.
Yup that's like mine. My school was at a city centre too and kids went to McDonalds, chippies, etc. We also spent loads of time running around, playing football, tag, etc. Fat food and tons of running kept us fit.
Tons of people do. I'm not fussed. 
Not an Ex. My wife's old best friend had some sort of issue and pissed off a heap of her friends. Including my wife who at the time was A. living with her and B. doing her finals for her law degree.

She just one day walked into the room and demanded she move out. I don't know the full story but my wife is not a person of conflict and the relationship between them too was my wife was quite submissive. Caused a lot of stress between them.

My wife tried to keep the relationship going. Invited her round to hang at her new place. Everything seemed fine and they never spoke of why really. Other people just stopped talking to her for other "bitchy" reasons. Lots of drama and stuff. Soap kinda issues. 

Well a while back she got married. Had the wedding within a 3 minutes walk from our home. A few of my wifes friends got an invite, not my wife or some of the others. We'd also realised that the guy she was dating she didn't like, apparently he did everything for her so she kept him around. Just things that kept making her look really shitty. Withing 2 months of the wedding she caught cheating and they got a divorce. I've heard a ton more people stopped talking to her. 
I had to walk between banks once with thousands in an envelope as there was an issue transferring it. I was bloody scared that was the day I get mugged.
Wallet could do the same for the other two too.
Your wallet? Ton more important than a pen and a knife. With a wallet you can buy a pen and a knife.
Perhaps take pics of the desk and bring it to the Physio.
Cougar? Her name?
From what I see we are much much less bothered by smaller details. It's a shirt, I like shirts. I wanted a pink one, it's pink. Is it within my price range? Yes. Does it fit? Yes Is there anything else wrong with it I can see from the first 15 seconds of looking at it? No. So the shirt is good so I can buy it.

Now comes the other choice. This shirt vs other pink shirt. We don't care. My guess is you're looking for the *right* one. Well either we don't think it matters when there's such little difference. Both look good. There's no problem with either, I'm holding this one, I'll pick this one. But what happens if the other one is *actually* better? Nothing, nothing happens. This shirt **still** looks good and now I own and wear a good looking shirt.
Your arm is on the arm rest of the chain? not the desk? 
You're more than likely to be fine. Can't tell you how many times I've bit into uncooked food and been fine. You need to actually eat it to be ill.

It's kinda like a burgler looking into your windows. He's doing no harm unless he's in the house. Well the chicken didn't actually get into your stomach, just looked into your moth and left.
Is your anti virus running? What are you using? Run [Sophos](https://home.sophos.com/download-mac-anti-virus) if you aren't sure. I can't remember much about it but I worked in a mac environment and it's the antivirus I'd use back then when repairing macs.

Also [download](https://www.malwarebytes.com/) the free version of this and run it. Click custom scan, check all the check boxes and let it run.

Also whatever browser you were using check for add ons and extensions. See what's there. If you aren't sure what they are remove them. If you realise later you want them you can always add them. You can never break anything by removing an add on.

Delete the text file too. If this happens again then consider a reset but that's likely a bit drastic as a first action.
Deaf people in themselves are unicorns. They aren't super common. I'm 30 and have maybe come across like 8. Gay people are less common than straight people so obviously much more rare.

Online is the easiest way. Just remember than being deaf doesn't equal a nice personality. Deaf people can be awesome and they call also be complete assholes like everyone else. So if you do meet a deaf gay guy don't let the fact he's deaf cloud your judgement. Judge him or his personality.
Speak to a doctor. It may be being made worse by your seating position at work but it may come from some sort of condition.  

Have you tried [these](http://www.quittingsitting.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/BestMouseFeat.png) mice? How is your arm position? Is it on the table of hanging off?  How about these [mouse pads](https://acco-product-images.s3.amazonaws.com/mbank264724_w1400_h1400.jpg)? You can get similar for keyboards.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha - Yuna
Generally one target.  Let's say each enemy has 100HP. It'll take 300HP to take them all down. If you attack them one by one you'll have 3 attacks against you for the first 3rd, two attacks for the second 3rd and one attack for the final 3rd. If you take them all down without the focus you'll get 3 hits the entire time. 

So generally focus fire is better.

Exception. 

FFX in general. Wakka can't hit armoured/magic enemies. Having him and lulu focus fire an elemental is pointless as characters are designed to hit certain enemeies.

Counter enemies. Some enemies are designed to counter. Having weaker units attack them might be pointless. Having a tanky unit hit it might be beneficial long term to the battle.

Like the FFX thing this can spread out to other FFs. Blobs in FFVIII. Those stone tablets in IX. Some units can't be hit by physical attacks. Having your sword users hit something else while you mage hits those units is better
Mine ran perfectly with a gtx 750TI, i5@3.2GHz and 8GB RAM. I ran mine with a wired 360 controller.
Not really. I ran through VII and VIII back in the day with no walkthrough. You don't miss out on anything key. Bonus content sure, VII espeically, VIII. Not so much. What key stuff can you miss that won't help you understand what is going on with the main story?

There's spin off stuff for VII especially and stuff they just never put in the came (see Ultimania). I've done every game without a guide the first time and all games you get a full story. Everything else is side content. VII is probably the worst as it was unfinished on release but even then it's pretty simple to follow.

I can't think of a single FF that won't make any sense if you don't use a guide. Even as a stupid idiot kid I got VII.
Ah sorry I misread that. 
Did you buff both the attacking buffs for soliel? You should have done one defence and one attack. Many of the harder content is based around beign to survivfe. You can walk in with meta attack units and be wiped in a round or two. 

If Soliel is your buff unit and can't buff your defence do that ASAP.
Minfilla is probably the 3rd best elemental debuffer in the game. You can protect any element (one per cast) at 70% for 3 turns. Better units at this are Yuna and Marie who can dual cast the them as spells. Minfilla now also has a decent status protection and some OK buffing. I've been using her as elemental protection for a while. Definitely worth having but she's not a regular unit. Just one worth having maxed on the bench.

Soliel is more a regular. top tier buffing and you can do some debuffing too. There are better buffers out there (Ramza, Roy, Loren) but she's still super strong. When it comes to 10 man trials she is THE! unit to use.

Generally use Soliel but make sure to level and awaken Minfilla as she is very very useful in certain battles. She can turn some battles from very difficult to really easy. Also note that the mats to awaken her are gotten from the raid coin banner. I stupidly sold mine from the first banner she was on a couldn't awaken ehr until the second banner. So make sure to awaken her or keep the materials to awaken her.

Rem is miles ahead of Y'shtola. Not even a contest.
Some kids are fucking awesome, plenty would rather be super nice to the cute kitty
Why even bother with a sign for cats? What normal situation is this for!?
My wife would be pissed!
Kid came round to my house when I was about 14. He was from a kinda poor background, I was living with my middle class grandparents. He kept trying to steal stuff and didn't even try to hide it. Eventually I made an excuse for him to leave. As he walked to the end of my garden he walked into our little bit thing we had...AS HE WAS TALKLNG ME... and put something in his pocket. I just told him to stop stealing shit and leave. 

I'm sure he stole something even though he was as sly as an elephant. Try enough times and you'll succeed eventually.
Someone with a job looks more responsible than one without unless you have a obvious reason to not have one. Like moving city or something. Aldine with a job is already trusted to work and apparently is still trusted to do it. You're likely not the only one being interviewed and if you have no job you're likely against people who do have a job.
Malwarebytes isn't a replacement for antivirus. It's still awesome though
Cool thanks. So I can do about one and a half. 
I don't have a thought on how bad it is more. I've saved up a bunch and wondering if I can do one, 2 or 5? And if I should expand slots in prep for saving more.
How many metal gigantaur kings does it take to max a 7* unit? (from awakening it to 7*)
Where's the elegant?
Cool it's cheetarah
More like *Kirby: Triple Deluxxxe
Reddit does that
It's reddit, nobody cares anymore
There's a little
Got Netflix and sky. I also download a lot of shit that I shouldn't.

We still get a lot of use out of sky. Mainly Sky Atlantic, BBC, itv, ch4, comedy central. The thing it has going to our it is series link. I never sit through the guide, whenever a new episode has been on its sat waiting for me to watch. Like Netflix but without all the other programs in-between. It's just there. The ads are Ankit 15 seconds through skipping. The only thing we ever really watch live is BGT... Fuck X factor, voice, strictly but I do love BGT. 

I plan on potentially automating my home downloaded stuff but not until I get a better collection.

Oh and I have a baby and having had other kids in the family... There's no replacement for cbeebies or baby TV. Netflix, YouTube kids, nothing comes close.
Your best man aside, what the fuck is wrong with your friends?

The money we pour into weddings, the money other people pour into your weddings on transport, clothing, gifts, the whole fact is your weddings and they actually think that's funny?
I'm going to guess sky doesn't count?
I think fashion is a strong thing too.
Oh yeah for sure, for some particularly pale person. 

My sister in law from Nepal says some woman try to get lighter skin by staying indoors more. I know this was popular buying like the 1600s or something.
Another Apple?
Are there two other seashells in that bathroom?
To be honest I've never seen a nicely bronzed woman and thought she's any nicer looking than a non bronzed woman. And you look kinda stupid when it goes wrong. Big risk, little pay off. But I'm just some random.
In my 30s and this is my go to for the little gaming time my infant son allows me. I've been hovering at the top end of gold got a while. Can't seem to tip it. Platinum in dual, high end gold in 3s.
Glad I could help
Like?
Rememeber that most manufacturers release a ton of phones. Many of which see just 1 major upgrade (don't don't see any). It's mainly the flagships that get the attention.
Someone found a use for Bixby!
Nexus 6P confirmed.
It's most likely not going to come to most devices. Unless you're just talking flagships.
I've just tested this on EAileen in positions 4 and 6. It works very well.
Absolutely agree. People tend to lump junction in with draw/refining magic as if it's one system but they're just linked systems together. If they ever remake the game I hope the keep junction but overhaul how you get the magic for junction in the first place.
Haha yeah, nobody was ever clueless about previous technology until this generations kids
If you have them
All the kids sub that in Scotland never had das to come back to. Fucking assholes
1-3 backslaps and break
Does... Does this guy think girls all want to watch his ear their own cum?
There's an old Frankie Boyle joke about this. Where one big says to a kid with 2 dad's "my dad will beat up your dad", other kids replies "well my dad will fuck your dad"
It's pretty sexy of you ask me. 
Issue with Ramza is that if you do it that was your stats aren't buffed. That can be kinda crucial. Normal bard issue
There were always going to be some terrible ones. Some will be made better than others. If you remove all the good ones the bad ones would suddenly looks good.  To complain some are bad is usually pointless.

Ramza. tbh he's still going to be used for Hero's rhyme. He's a bard and that's his job. They gave him a second option to be a pretty decent breaker. He's not bad if I'm being honest. OK but not amazing.

Tidus also looks OK. Just stuff on top of his attack. Not that terrible but maybe not meta like before.

Marie isn't to much either but she's an elemental debuffer. And she's very strong at it. You can't make her stronger in that aspect than to do what they did with the cooldown. The 2000 HP barrier is nice, certainly for tanks. But they should have given her a cure spell and maybe an MP battery ability too.
Tactics is a much much much better game. Crisis core is a A bashing simulator. Interesting story leading up to the events of FFVII but I don't play it for any other reason.
I like the junction system. If you talk to many people loads do too. It's not all that uncommon.

What I don't like it disposable magic. Magic being tied to stats and due to it being disposable can lower your stats in battle. Punished for using magic. The extra time to draw/refine ON TOP of levelling. It's a pain to me. 
Google. You have like 8 apps. Pick one, stick with it and make it work.
Oh, not experienced that at all. I just watch on pc and mobile.
There's another autoplay?
My Account>My Profile>Playback settings> Untick Autoplay next episode
My Account>My Profile>Playback settings> Untick Autoplay next episode
What if you like the "popular games you're told to play" and also final fantasy?
I've been using Gamefaqs since forever.
Here's me just downloading porn and red hot chili peppers music with limewire. Who knew you could hack the world with it
Turn it off?

Edit: Getting downvoted but here are the instructions

My Account>My Profile>Playback settings> Untick Autoplay next episode

Edit 2: Apparently we're talking about a feature on console that isn't on PC/Mobile (or at least one I don't see, UK netflix maybe doesn't get it?)
I just used it for the first time the other day. Extremely intuitive, but I did just use it to crop some shit of the start and end. What's wrong with the other stuff?
Maybe if you put some [these](https://goo.gl/images/stKEjV) in the break room they'll go through more often.
I've lost two battles today.
You came here from the stress ball didn't you
Maybe stop hiring 4 year olds?
The point of this was that op is Ayaka being replaced by Yuna now. Not come 7*
Fell free to quote anything
Hi regen is an ability, not part of her lb.
Oh god I feel stupid. Thanks
Anyone know what to do with the miracdulous water quest from kappa village? It's not up on the wiki yet.
I know. THe weird thing about gravity is this. I know a lot of things and I don't know a lot of things. If someone tells me something I understand it somewhat, even a little bit of my knowledge might be expanded. As you grow up you learn more about things. 

With gravity you learn about it at around 7. Gravity makes things fall. There's no gravity in space and bigger planets have more gravity.

Then maybe around 15 you'll learn how we *use* gravity. But no info on what it is. I'm now 30 and I feel I have no more understand on what it is than a 7 year old. Not even a guess.
Sorry I did miss that out but lets compare LBs with Yunas as the header

* Heal (2500 HP, 18x) to all allies vs Ayaka Full Heal (Ayaka wins)
* Revive all KO'd allies (74% HP) vs Ayakas Full revive all (Ayaka wins)
* Heal (3000 HP, 14.4x) split over 3 turns to all allies vs no regen on ayaka (Yuna Wins)
* Increase DEF/SPR (124%) for 3 turns to all allies no buff from Ayaka (Yuna wins
* (Ayaka) Remove All status Ailemts (Includes Stop and Charms) vs nothing from Yuna (Ayaka wins)
* (Ayaka) Remove all Stat debuffs (ayaka wins)

Certainly as a healer the LB is in Ayakas favour.

However both lb's from both units and are very expensive. They're both fallback lb's, in case of emergency. Ayakas is a full refresh. All units are back up and running as if it was turn one. With Yuna all units are back up and while they're buffed they might still have some status ailments and breaks and if any units were affected by a status affect like petrify or paralyze they're still stuck on the next turn. Ayaka has everyone ready to go. 

I realise the heal is very strong on Yunas lb but some tanks might not get as much as the need. 

I still think Ayakas greatly outweighs Yunas still.
* **ID: 702,442,418**
* **IGN: Dazz316**
* **Rank: 142**
* **Lead(s): Aileen 1184**
* **Looking For: Aileen**
* **Notes: For the Raid, I'll maybe be using Christine, CG Fina afterwords if I don't keep Aileen around**
Ayaka is a way better healer. However Yuna is a very very capable healer too and if you find yourself in an element heavy fight then she's worth considering.

But as a straight up healer vs healer?

* Only Ayaka has Dualcast (Big win for Ayaka)
* Stats are similar (draw)
* Yuna can equip light shield for a bit of DEF and more importantly SPR (Yuna wins)
* Curaja for Ayaka, only Curaga for Yuna (Ayaka wins)
* Ayaka can cure status ailments (and heal at the same time) for all/not as good esunaga for all. Yuna can only esuna one unit. (Ayaka wins)
* Ayaka has full life (DC), Yuuna has raise(Ayaka wins)
* Ayaka has dispelga, Tuna has dispel(Ayaka wins)
* Ayaka has stop resistance, yuna does not.(Ayaka wins)
* Ayaka has better SPR passive(Ayaka wins)
* Ayaka can revive all units at the same time(Ayaka wins)
* Ayaka can MP restore to team(Ayaka wins)
* Ayakas LB can reset the battl(Ayaka wins)e by reviving, healing and remving all status ailments and debuffs.

As a healer Yuna is just outclassed.

Yuna is a good summoner and elemental debuffer but both are situational. However Yuna also is a major FF character and that's a big draw for some people. I use cloud over other finishers for that reason.
I've known the phrase since before Skyrim existed. I'd bet it existed long before that too (late 90s). There's also the mini van...2 in the front and 5 in the back *holds up left index and middle finger and right fist*
Next he'll be saying my frog isn't gay!
It's a 3 hour flight. Plus time to get to the airport, plus the fact it's an international flight so it's like 2 hours in advance you need to arrive. And you need to get Euros out instead of pounds. And you been to book somewhere and blah blah blah.

Plus London is one of the top cities in the world, it is kinda expected to go there over most cities. Kinda weird.
Which came from the beta game which had Devine ruinitation

Which came from the oriognal idea where is was Holy explotion

Which came from an old Japanese game which was called Devine ruiniation

Which came from an older English novel....
Ah cool. Didn't want to give away any spoilers. From memory when you hit gizamaluke's grotto the water dragon is tough. Make sure you get quina, do some eating, chocobo treasures and a little levelling beforehand. There's a bit in the grotto with two moogles where you climb up a rope, one moogle says to not go that way...don't go that way.

Then beatrix soon after in Burmucia. You're mean to lose the fight but not until a threshold of time. 

Ummmm. Then much much later on you can choose the wrong people in the secret lair under the sand. You have to choose who to bring with you. Choose Steiner, amarant, and Freya. As magic is useless there.
There's some bosses, even in disk 1. That suddenly get tough. If you've never played it before I wouldn't bother. You've also got the console crashing, power cuts, kicking the console by mistake or something etc
Weird. I have also had SPR each day. Can you get tough pots?
No it just continues on like you didn't change disc. You don't turn off your console, the open the tray while it's running, put in the new disc, close the tray and it keeps going. It never goes off and it keeps your progress. You never have to load (unless you turn off or choose to load).

In FFVII there was a trick. You cast regen on your team, opened the tray and the game couldn't load the next bit so it just sat with regen on healing your team. When finished you just closed the lid, it loaded the next bit and continued.
It is indeed a very divisive game. But just play and see how it goes.
FYI user edited to correct himself and I can confirm you *don't* have to save. It offers you to save before the disc change but it isn't necessary.
One of the easier ones for sure. There's 2 points I can think of where it has a pretty hard boss. But just level up and you'll pass it. But after the boss it gets kinda easy again.

It's also one of the best ones.
Sex shouldn't be *the* thing to cheer him up. If he won't accept anything else there's an issue. But if he's not doing that and you just want to be nice there are other ways to do things for him.

Also remember that we are people. If he's tired he might not want to have sex. Believe it or not we do get tired and aren't always in the mood. But we usually are
UK Android no, we might have to invade.
Outlook
Once you reach a certain level it's not so bad. I do 5 or 6 hours of TM farming. When maintenance is over I have like 2/3rds NRG. Raids is a pest as I can lose a few orbs but honestly I shouldn't be so obsessed. I also shouldn't be playing at work. Thursdays I'm quite productive.
I think it should be 100&#37; started earlier. About 7/8 hours earlier. I live in the UK and maintenance starting at 9am sucks.
There was a show in the UK called Naked Attraction. It was a dating show but with nudity. There would 5 naked people in pods. The main eprson would come out and they'd reaise the cover up past the naked peoples [bums](https://www.google.co.uk/imgres?imgurl=https%3A%2F%2Fic.c4assets.com%2Fbrands%2Fnaked-attraction%2Fseries-1%2Fepisode-2%2F02fee7cc-219a-4fc8-9b1e-07f2268345af.jpg%3Finterpolation%3Dprogressive-bicubic%26output-quality%3D90&imgrefurl=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.channel4.com%2Fprogrammes%2Fnaked-attraction&docid=A5tXSr_lH1H1ZM&tbnid=-WnYGZDhytB6QM%3A&vet=10ahUKEwiL5c3dxMbaAhXF1qQKHYPtCvUQMwg1KA8wDw..i&w=1920&h=1080&bih=1014&biw=1920&q=naked%20attraction&ved=0ahUKEwiL5c3dxMbaAhXF1qQKHYPtCvUQMwg1KA8wDw&iact=mrc&uact=8). They'd turn round and show their penis/vagina. Someone is sent away, thing moves up to show chest/breats. Someone sent away, face. One more sent away, voice then they'd pick who to date. 

In between each round they'd discuss some scientific findings about stuff. &#37; of men prefer X size breasts. &#37; of woman prefer circumcised penis etc. gay and bi people were regularly on. Apparently, reproductive traits are much more influential to straight people than ti is to gay people. Gay woman are less likely to be attractive to large creasts and hips, gay men aren't as likely to like big muscles. Stuff like that. Was an interesting factoid. 
I'e met a bunch in my time. My wifes close friend is gay and has a lot of gay friends. A few of which have a softer voice, one of which is pretty stereotypical. Most though you wouldn't know they're gay from looking.

I've never met a guy who is straight and that stereotypical gay, only gay guys IME are like that. I'm sure straight and flambouyant guys exist been the seem significantly less common. So I'm guessing it comes from that?
Politically correct
My art teacher was like that. I suck at art. Anything like that I'm terrible. I can design well on a PC using tools to help guide stuff. But anytime I have to draw \(even drawing on a pc using a pen and pad\) I am horrific. My teacher would just say to do better. Well OK helpful.
You tell her the truth. It's a vape. She's not stupid, \*holding it for a friend\*. Oldest and worst excuse there is. You just ruined any excuse you were going to try in the future. She already knows so do yourself a favour and not get yourself into more trouble and lie more directly to her face.

Chances are they know what it is. Vapes are everywhere now. It's not like they get confused walking down the street seeing people vaping.

This is a lesson for life and one you were going to learn to deal with anyway. Sometimes you fuck up and you have to pay the consequences. This is one of those times. Excuses make things worse 95&#37; of the time. And honestly, you're in trouble from your parents. You need to learn to deal with this because in the real world stuff comes with REAL consequences that you don't just get to be in trouble for.
Stop trying to fit yourself into a type. We aren't types, we're people and we are all different. THis is the problem I have with today's version of PC. After years of tying to get rid of "types" and having moderate and gradual success with it, modern PC did a hard 180 and brought back labels. Ignore these labels. You are you. Whatever you like and don't like, your strengths and weakness's are you. That's who you are.

If you're not learning much from books. Try audio books, documentaries, you tube videos or even visit a museum if possible. I don't learn well from books either. I'm a learn by doing kinda person and when it comes to history I can't do so I'm shit at history. Watching isn't so bad though.

As for friendship. Well it sounds like you don't just perfectly gel with your friends. Which is fine. We don't always get along with our friends on everything. My friends of several several years are still my friends and sure we don't agree on everything. Feel free to bite your tongue, change the subject or whatever.

If you want to find other people to talk about stuff with that's also OK. You're allowed as many friends as you like. Just make sure to not forget anyone.
Funny, but I wouldn't in a restaurant. A pub? definitely!
I know and it's fine. Which is why you can tell her.
It does a little bit though. Just not that much.
Are you aware when you're on your period and being really difficult that you're being difficult and you're on your period \(for those woman that get difficult on their period\)?
You're feeling like than because you want to be there. That's all it is. 

Tell you're jealous but you still wish her fun.
It's different each time.
Next time shout "Legs"
Everything in Reddit is Spanish.
I haven't seen this at all tbh.
No you're not being selfish. It's not their choice is it, they can offer advice but at the end of the day. It's also 2017, the marriage thing is old and out of date. Todays norm is to move in first, to get to know a person properly before you commit the rest of your lifes.

If they really love you and their granddaughter then they'll get over this.
Even with different upbringings we've all never done all sorts of stuff. I'm 31 and never been on a motorcycle either. It's not really a big deal. I'm sure at 50 there will be stuff I've never done. In fact at 50 there will be a whole heap of stuff I'm too old for and never done.

Honestly your upbringing doesn't actually have anything to do with this situation. You've just never been on a motorcycle, that's pretty normal. Cars are much more common form of transport.
So much potential too. chains, elemental chains, AoE elemental chains, Very very strong finisher \(at 7\*\). Self heals. Elemental debuffing. 

She can kick some ass!
I suppose you could use her as a support behind your healer but I'd wait until you actually \*\*need\*\* to do that. Just save for 7\*
No it's just logging people out. Happened to me, just logged in again.
Reberta needs enhanced too!
Snarf snarf 
|[check this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/FFBraveExvius/comments/8dcut0/gl_maint_quick_peek_41918/dxm55yb)|||
|:-|:-|:-|
||||
Yeah, that idiot had some flashing blue light like he was the centre of the universe or something.
I could do research on mine but the level of knowledge required is pretty big. What IS gravity? \(not what does gravity do\)
Orange still exist for business's.
What gravity is.

I know it pulls thing towards the earth. And I can understand how we set things in orbit around the earth using gravitational pull. How things arc while objects hurl through the air. I understand the affect on it.

What I don't understand is what it is. What causes gravity. What makes the force? Is it like a magnet? Electrical charge of some sort? If you asked me \(30yo\) and a 5yo I'd have no extra info to give.
Go slow, take your time and buy some lubricant. Make sure he is properly hard too. Don't worry this is normal and after years with my wife I have to go slow going in as I'm a bit big for her. I'm not even particularly big. Around average but it's a tight fit. Doesn't stop the fun :\) Oh and foreplay helps, getting you to orgasm with some forplay will help loads.
After months of being in a relationship with her.
No, if they visit earth they're just visiting. If I got to another country and just visit I'm not an immigrant. If the Aliens moved here then yes they're immigrants.
Ah. For story events I like to experiment with different units I don't use. But I know most don't.
So what's happening exactly. Is he too big for you or is he not hard enough?
Lara will definately do more damage, but I'm not bringing along either for damage. Especially in the chambers.
As long as they don't make it bonus's required for completing the game that's fine by me. FFBE are pretty good at not making the meta required for doing anything. Like TDH, I don't have that and have done everything.

I can get why it could be misused though.
You can do both. Balance your personal life with work life and it's easily achievable.
Who do you have?

I don't use Genji glove as much as I did before. I have no TDH but it's not all that necessary anymore. Many units come with built in DW. OK is the only worthwhile unit otherwise. He's the only big physical AoE chainer in GL. That leaves pretty low rates to get OK but that's for me.

On the other banner is more worthwile. Even Knight Delita is a decent breaker and he's the booby prize. Although if I had a Roy \(which I do\), or Lunera I'd not bother. Even an enhanced Soliel would make me reconsider.
Is there enough units for one? Garnet, Yuna and Eiko?
There should be, that'd be a cool mechanic. Genji equipment would be awesome.
Live in the UK where I can neither get a gun nor be threatened by one \(or it's so unlikely I'm certain I won't be\)
Same. But it'd be a bit OP tbh if you have a heap of 50&#37; drop rate increases.
Try the help thread, not a completely unrelated post.
And enhance those Xons for extra prizes!
Looking at other comments it's not confirmed.
I'll be enhancing her as I still use her in elemental heavy fights. But honestly apart from the stat buffs I'm a bit let down. If you have a Roy or Ramza it negates the MP regen \( yeah I know not everyone has them\). What I primarily use her for is Elemental buffing and that didn't get any attention.
I'm actually excited for Xon again. Break resistance can be super handy and coomon, rare and gold rates up? He's now the top farmer. Lara, you're benched!
In Scotland we call them Stag Do's. Same idea. People generally go do an activity like paintball, go karting, etc. Head somewhere for dinner, hit a bunch of pubs/bars, then a strip club and then clubs for the rest of the night. That's typical.

It's common for people to go abroad or to another city. Lots of common places in Europe like Amsterdam, Ibiza, Dublin or Prague.

For mine we (about 13 guys) rented a [lodge](https://dimg.visitscotland.com/wsimgs/Lodge%206%202007.%20badaguish.jpg) like this which was a short taxi ride to a place with pubs and shit. The Friday night I got super fucked up, my friends kinda put me in a dress, makeup, I got drunk enough beforehand that I didn't care. I accepted something like this might happen so I was mentally prepared. So we had a load to drink in the lodge before we left, we moved on to a bar, had a few drinks then we went upstairs into an empty room with some chairs and a chair in the middle. I knew what was up. I then got a lapdance where she spanked me a bit for embarrassment but nothing particularly sore. Afterwords went for more drinks, to a club, back to the lodge where we had a couple more. Awesome night.

In the morning we went paintballing (hungover) which was awesome. I know I was going to get shot by my friends. However when we got there there was a second stag do. They swapped the grooms over which I was happy about as it meant I was getting shot in the ass every 10 minutes lol. I was extra pleased when the guys announced they were all RAF (Royal Air Force). They stuck me with a guy who spent half the time shouting orders to the other guys like proper military (it was pretty cool). At the end the stood me and the other groom beside each other and the rest facing us about 15 feet away (i'm bad with disatance, 3 car lengths? I dunno). Guy said he'd blow his whistle 3 times. 1 meant we could shoot them, 2 meant we stopped and they shot us and 3 meant everyone can shoot. He then said we could run if we wanted but that usually means everyone chases us, if we "took it" they'd all start shooting each other on the third whistle.

So we're shooting them and he blows the whistle. You know that scene in 300 where all the arrows block out the sun? I immediately was reminded of that. I had planned to stand and take it but ended up in the fetal position. I was covered in bruises the next morning.

Back to the lodge, more drinking. Minibus to a bigger place nearby for more drinks. People were still hungover and beer wasn't going down too fast. Someone ordered a cider which magically made drinking easy again. Pubs, bars clubs, amazing night. 


Yeah...I want to eat in excess
Oh hell no. I'd miss pizza, burgers, beer and ice cream far too much.
This sub is called ask men. It's a sub for asking men stuff rather than menask which would be men asking stuff. FYI woman can also answer here (*some* dislike this but it's fine by me), one of our gracious mods is also female.
See this is the problem. Both seeders face this issue, but some people just want to play the "who is worse" game. It helps nobody, it starts an argument and device people.

This is a problem for anyone and many men do face this.
[this text]+(link here)

Remove the plus to hyperlink
I think it's fine. My big issue, and I think they steered away from it last season. Was how focused on making a political/social point they became.
Getting free shit is hardly an issue, you get tons, especially recently with the Fan Fiestas which was got tons and tons. Then we got loads of free shit for the 30 million celebration. Then we get loads of free of free shit daily on top of the daily quests and arena. Plenty of it premium currency too. 

Maintenance usually runs earlier than expected and the only 24+ maintenance in my time was when gumi got hacked.

It's perfectly fine tbh. But it's the gameplay difference. I like the much more complex setups of FFBE. Much of the gameplay is pretty easy, strongest units. But the higher end trials and 10 man trials really require the exact right mix of units and materia, takes a lot of thought to be together the right team. Just swapping a unit or two won't work. You really have to sit and plan because one wrong decision and they'll be able to wipe your team. It's honestly some of the toughest fights I've had in Final Fantasy.
Yeah sorry I don't think you'll be able too beat marlboro yet
Because I'm pretty fat.
I don't feel like a target. Some men might but not me
I'm really not afraid of it though. Some men might but I don't consider myself to be a target.
Luke might be OK. I have 0 experience in using her. Soliel is excellent and should work (is she enhanced?)

YUour main problem is being able to do enough damage to kill botrh malboro's at the same time every 4 (then 3) turns. You need units that can do BIG AoE chaining damage. Anyone that might do that?
Willhelm built as usual DEF+HP.

Mystea built for Dark resist.

Who else do you have? Healers? Bards? Mages or OK?
I was annoyed at first. Only bought it for the dailies and sacred crysts. But now I've had to live with it I really don't care. The gil is nothing, even though we're all saving for enhancements and 7*.
I've been playing FFBE for over a year, also F2P. My stats say 597 total login days (396 consecutive).

The point of the console wars comment whooshed right over your head. The point was you got angry like some console war kids getting angry because someone prefers Xbone over PS4. I like the game, you don't have to loose your shit over it. Feel free to say you don't like the game but jeez, keep it together.
They answered this before didn't they?

The way it works (AFAIK) is that we're shown a rounded number and not the actual chance. If the chances of success are 99.7%, then the shown percentage is 100% but we still have a chance to fail.
Ah.... Forgot that's what was happening
Jeez calm down. This isn't console wars.
They'll body get one
Work, sleep, play with my son, hang with the wife, walk the dog, visit friends and relatives. Still love gaming.
It has a lot of issues. But isn't one of the goals of humanity to come together as one? It seems like a stupid goal, certainly nothing we can acheive anytime soon. But it's a goal right? Well the UN is the cloest thing we've ever had to that. Worth hanging onto.
You should be able to pick up on this stuff without direct feeback. I and my friends will often just not give feedback. It'd be kinda odd if they did tbh. If your friend wasn't having fun with you would she be hanging with you?
!Good bot
X is one of the fan favourites. Top 5 definately. XIII is one of the lower ones. Loved by same, despised by others (more others I think).

X is definitely up your street what you describe.
Would you actually use it? Try to check your team and see if it would actually get used.
IV to VI then. VI is the most popular out of those. IV and V are both great. V is better at gameplay and IV has a better story.
Even if it's 90/10 it's important people know every has the issue. A male breast cancer sufferer might be ashamed to admit it and damage his masculinity.
Try wearing a kilt in a club. All the ladies want to see what's underneath. Many just look. Can you imagine a guy just lifting up skirts in a club?
Worrying about that guy walking behind me on a dark night. I'm a big guy, but if someone wants to attack me and has a weapon I'm done.

Sure, I'm not scared of getting raped but I can still be mugged, beaten or murdered.
Those backs aren't completely stink proof. I've made this mistake before and if left long enough fills the house with the smell of dog shit.

Same goes for baby poo in the same bags.
I meant have you chosen your other units yet? You're obviously trying to build a main team to tackle basic content. What's in that so far?
Plough on through google, try different search terms etc. You'll need an estimate though as it'll grow constantly.
Do you know how powerful the dildos on top gear would be?
The fashion of Top Gear suits Lesbians way more than Pimp my Ride does.
I hate to say this but I think /u/Futanari_Calamari  was right.
Sure it isn't a scam?
Are you worthy?
Does wolverines claws come with restorative powers? Because that's makes them the worst or the best depending on your answer.
Unless you're falling through the air. The impact will be quick and sudden.
I stood next to him at a bar and got a photo.
Thank you.
Oh then I don't know. What are you actually looking for? Remember that there's a lot of duplicate accounts on facebook of people who can't access account anymore. Business who made normal accounts for their business (used to be normal practice). 

If you're looking for something like how many people have ever made a facebook account then I don't think even facebook knows that.
True though probably not as effective as a marketing stratagy.

There's also the fact there's a ton more physical DPS units. Perhaps they're wanting to do a few of these and don't want to put all the best ones at the start.
Sonic the Hedgehog I think.
Try google
Yeah there was a few things in there that ruined the surprise.
When it comes to Elemental defence Minfilla is almost meta. She can cast ~~80%~~ 70% buffs against all elements. However she can only cast one at a time (compared to Marie and Yuna who cast 2 at a time). Although I don't think there are *all* that many fights where this is a huge issue.

Edit: Whoops
If they give out everything at once, nobody will spend money on things later.

Entice *just* enough for people to spend now **and** later.
What have/haven't you played in the series so far? Most of them are mobile now and they're all good.

Some will complain about the sprites on the [nintendo ones](https://i.imgur.com/5MBAMQE.jpg) but I think they're fine.

You also have Final Fantasy dimentions which is fun. Not the best but it's a FFV style game. Final Fantasy Brave Exvius is a gacha but you don't need to buy currency to get top tier stuff.


Charlotte 3* (She is still a solid tank)

Mystea and EV/Cagnazzo

Wilhelm and Basch at 5*
You talk as if you've seen their schedule. We aren't going off the JP schedule, that's been known for a while. Stop comparing ours to JP and you'll be tasting a lot less salt.
Was this regular advice when you were growing up?
You're playing politics again. Invite everybody or nobody. Don't start picking and choosing people forcing them to potential choose who to hang out with.
By forcing them to choose between friends you're putting them in a bad and not very good situation. 2 of their friends are having issues and irregardless of what's happening they probably just don't want to be in the middle of this, I wouldn't force them into that.

I wasn't in the same situation but a friend of mine gave me a similar ultimatum. I told them if anyone ever makes me choose between my friends? I'll automatically choose the person who isn't asking me to choose.

You need to stop playing politics. Just go to everything, spend as little time as possible talking to him. If you start putting your friends in awkward situations you're going to drive them away. Especially if this other guy isn't doing that.
Honestly the next step is to ask them to stop talking to them and honestly I don't think that's a good idea. If you've spoken to them and they don't want to deal with it I don't know what else you can do, sorry.
Tell them you're getting sick of this. Have you also tried speaking to the guy about the problems? 
Where do you live? Could you move to somewhere cheaper? If you Live in some of the More Expensive cities like London then you could have a lot more cash in some other cities.
Have you talked to your friends about his behaviour?
It's been regular for me. It's just gone up. I don't know what time zone you're in but daylight savings affects things. I'm now an hour different as I've just hit British Summertime. It does sometimes change to Tuesday but it's regularly Wednesday these days.
You'll see it in game, if you happen to not it'll be on the sub within 5 minutes. Sort by new.
It's probably one of many
pfft *woman*, you're all the same. You move in with a woman and it's all products all over the bathroom, hair strands everwhere, penis shrines, cushions...god!
All those funny old 80s DJ's you'd see on TV as guests aren't around anymore.
You got the template in the place you are meant to post lol

https://www.reddit.com/r/FFBraveExvius/comments/7slb2e/gl_friend_codes_megathread_12418/?utm_content=t5_34n2x&utm_medium=usertext&utm_name=FFBraveExvius&utm_source=reddit
They both do the same job. From what I've seen it's a lottery as to which will work. I couldn't get Nox to work properly and used Memu. If it's working keep reading it. If you want to try the other just do it, it's free and if you don't like it just keep using Nox.
Yeah rank 138, they should know by now what they need and don't need.
A buzz kill? 28 people die daily from drink driving in the US. This person might have killed your mother on sunday.
Who do you have for the other roles?

For instance Noctis is really good, but I can't put him in my team because they team already does all the stuff he does. I'd be stupid to use him. So who is your tank/healer etc
Aileen has this issue. I've used her to kill a lot of things anyway. 
April fools pack last year.
I understand exclusives when it's a smaller developer.

You and your 3 buddies are making this game you plan on releasing on Steam. Hopefully people buy it, no idea of it will still. Suddenly Sony turns up at the door and says they'll offer exclusive rights for a huge budget. Who would say no?

But big Devs? Go to hell.
My neck hurts
Everyone I know with an iPhone and wants one of these types of devices bought an Amazon echo. It's really weird. These are just run of the mill member of the public who know shit about gadgets. How did Apple mess this up?
> Healer is tightly summed up with Lotus Mage Fina and Ayaka. No if ands or [butz](https://d1u5p3l4wpay3k.cloudfront.net/exvius_gamepedia_en/0/0c/Unit-Bartz-6.png?version=238ab320294a43f664c099b3df90d51f).

FTFY
I've spent  0.79p. I have a top tear team. Beaten all content so far including this weeks stuff. Oh except one mission for Bahamut which I plan to do when I can be bothered. Not bad for what's just over one dollar. I have a ton of fun doing it. You just have to be patient though, you won't hit top content for a while and will miss out on some stuff to begin with. But the game hands you plenty along the way.
Esper kill missions are easy once you know a couple of the games mechanics.

Take a mage. First a mage does the casting animation. **Then** it casts the spell. If the enemy hits 0% HP before the cast (even during the animation) then you've messed up. Same goes for LB's and some abilities. 

Most chains are best time after the esper animation (turn them on, makes it easier). So get everyone ready, cast the summon and the second the animation finishes let loose with the chain.

Tip: Leave one unit ready to act. Like a healer. If the enemy isn't dead and you have a unit still to go then you can reset the game to start your turn again from scratch.
Chainer:  Tough. Um Aileen, Tidus but there's heaps that do all content available so far. OK is still up there as a AoE chainer, probably best bit of everything attack.

Tank: Basch for Magic/Physical AoE cover. Wilhelm for Provoke.

Healer: Ayaka/CG Fina

Support: You really just can't generalise this. Support in what context? Stat buffing? Stat Debuffing? AoE reraising? Damage mitigation? MP Battery? Summoner? lb/entrusting? It really depends who you have above. Some units will automatically fill some rolls. Wilhelm is a half decent buffer. Warrior of light is a grat debuffer while tanking, CG Fina can get your teams MP going.

I mean Bards are so damned divisive. Ramza is the best instant buffer. Roy is the best long term buffer. But both are shit for 10 man trials where Soliel is queen. Debuffing you have Ling, Roy again (but shit short term) or 9S, warrior of light or Knight Delita.

When it comes to support there is no best. If you want one that does the most then I guess Zargabath is your man but he's not the best at anything. Ramza after that is awesome but come any 10 man trial you'll be benching him immediately. 

Support is the last peice of the puzzle to teams and it's about what is missing and who brings what's missing.
Ah....shit...I feel stupid
Not your opinion? Why did you say it then? So you not think it's true?
Isn't the first half of a DW chain the same as a TDH chain but with extra on the end?

Either way, it's still more than fine to rely on DW chaining for now.
I bought a dildo for my friend as part of his outfit on his stag do (bachelor party to you across the pond). Fucking Amazon was weird for whole. Had to delete it manually from suggestions.
You have Mr Potato-heads lips.
I had a user recently and this exact thing happened, almost. Weeks off uptime. Promised me they restarted. So I restart for them, didn't fix it. Messing around. See in task manager that there's still weeks off uptime. Actually wasn't shutting down.
No. I'm not saying it's THE meta. I'm saying is part of the meta. It's a required item **for** the meta.
Whatever is happening you know you're walking down that Aisle. You deserve it for what you did and your sister deserves to have you there too.

Phone him and speak to him about it. There's really nothing else to be done. It needs discussed, or rather aired so worries are left. He's probably happy he gets to come at all.
Be her friend. Offer he to stay at yours or help her with the situation. 

Don't fight this guy, it won't help matters even if you won. In fact if you beat him up he'd likely beat her more up in response.

Your main priority is convincing **her** to leave the situation.
Yeah. The important part to realise is that she asked to reschedule. This wasn't an excuse to get out of it. People who do that don't ask to do it another time.
Getting educated IS the best way. You're *more* likely to make more money.

Even if you end up on the same job level you're more likely to get promotoed, be considered for better jobs outwith. It will also open up jobs in the sector you were educated in that you previously had no hope for.

Also speak to management about career proespect. Training you can do

As someone who went to college at 25 it was totally worth it. It took me 7 years to get to 23,000 (with little to no room to make any more). I went to college, came out and was making the same in 3 years and I'm still towards the lower end of the ladder in terms of where I can go.
On top of that maybe she finds bathing very difficult. If she just has a bath she might find it difficult to get in and out. 

She might be well aware she stinks but can't do anything about it. I think you need to leave this and just carry on dealing with the aftermath.
oof /r/titlegore Use punctuation to make it clearer for people.

So from the title I think you're saying that you had a date planned, she cancelled but said to move the date to another time?

Are you asking if you can insist on seeing her before? I'd say ask but your best bet is to just say yes.

It's just one long speech, I don't know where you stop and start. Use these---> .
Sorry, can you edit that with punctuation? That's hard to read.
I'm a vet and have completed FFVI multiple times since I first played in the 90s. I also was under the impression it changed the units too.
You should be a salesman...
Not so much trvializes but Gilgamesh works a bit. Marlboro does some too.
Yeah. I'm on the fence, hard. I want to upgrade because *ermergerd 7 star* and while the stats will be nice I'm not seeing a need...yet. I should not bother until I need to but the wait for it makes it worse.
Remember that while TDH is the meta right now. Don't stress yourself over it. It's **not** necessary, just a really nice OP setup. All trials/content I've relied upon chaining (not spark chaining) and it's got me through all content. 
This is what I'm thinking. I have CGFina and she's OP now. Not convinced on 7*ing her.
I'm just lost now
Yes it's a known issue. There put out a notification in the news about it too.
Doesn't cost gil to use your FP
"**for** TDH"
Friend points? I tend to and just spend like 20,000 when I reach max. Still want those killer tmrs.
Honestly I'd stop comparing ourselves to JP at this point.
Cloud is a good finisher with good defensive stats. Very good lb and his tmr is meta for TDH.
You didn't reply to anyone.
Still doesn't sound corrupt. Just incompetent. You have no idea about his quota's, you made that up.

Honestly, this just sounds like incompetence. Just raise it like a normal complaint. Police officers are just people. Some are great, some are not. This one sounds like he made mistakes possibly due to what was a very convoluted situation. Remember they asked you about guns and stuff which you quickly dismissed and they didn't push that, they weren't out to get you.
Japa Mala is pretty nice
A job. Spent a few years saving up.
Apple. I like apples and I should be eating more, they're pretty available too.
Sock, easily.
But you can also say "scone" which is accepted.
She is flat. It makes me not think much of her. I certainly don't hate her for it.
Most trials I've used Mystea, Wilhelm and Roy (soliel in your case). Along with a healer, and my own and friend damage dealer. But some I've not, depends on the trial. DOn't build a team for trials. Build a team for a single trial as they're all different.
I've gone over them but how do those stack compared to other 7*'s?
I stand corrected.
We don't know. JP had a separate thing for supercites. This is new.
> d when you only need buffs

Breaks are stronger than buffs but enemies often resist breaks (I still prefer roy)
How are Seabreeze Dark Fina and Rem 7*?

Edit: Sorry I should have been more clear. I am aware of their skills from the wiki. More interested in how the compare to other 7*'s
My choices are thin. I'm going to see what kind of banners etc are coming and what

Wilhelm: Super happy!  
Lightening: OK I guess. I'll upgrade her.  
Seabreeze Dark Fina: Unsure, how is she?  
Rem: I want a healer but I have CG Fina and not sure I'll do Rem straight away. Doesn't strike me as fantastic. Thoughts?
You weren't unfairly questioned. You didn't have both plates so they pulled you over. That's seems normal when you're meant to have that. 

As for the other stuff, there's a bunch of confusion about the situation. So all the back and forth is normal. Also, while you might know the story well, it's hard to follow your complex situation. It honestly sounds suspicious, doesn't mean you did anything wrong but I think the police are justified in just checking everything is OK.

Your answers are also slow. What's your job "uuhhhh computers". I'm an IT engineer, network technician, software developer. That's weird. Stuff like that, loads of answers where you sound unsure or it takes you a minutes to answer. It really sounds odd to me. I'm not saying you're lying but you're not doing yourself any favours in how you're answering questions.

But at the end of the day you had plates that were covered with dealer plates which were now incorrect and also no insurance? Again, from the way you answer questions and your complex story this was very hard to follow.

Also "corrupt" police officer? If you're right the office isn't corrupt, just got his laws wrong, incompetent yes maybe. But corrupt, no. Officer didn't ask for a bribe

Also saying he removed it wasn't the case, he said it wasn't meant to be there, asking what happened to it and you said you didn't know. I'm confused because it doesn't show anything, it shows something happened to it. Not necessarily the officers doing

If you want to dispute it do so via support.
IX - It's bad at nothing IMO. It's not the best at everything but it's up there. Everything it does is amazing but not the best if that makes sense. People mention the speed but after an hour or so I get used to it, played it so much it doesn't bother me now. Easily the most replayed one.

VII - Need I say why?

V - I just love the job system. The story is good, not great. But I love replaying and trying different jobs and trying different things. Geomancer? Sure I haven't done that yet, who needs a black mage.
Oh god burn it.
It's fun. That's it. There's no acheivement, trophy, items, weapons or materia. It's just for fun, and it's kinda funny. Don Corneo choosing Cloud over the girls.
She as the Irish alphabet but less Guinness
Not from the US. I thought softball was like baseball for little kids. But that seems like it might kill a child.
The worst ones are very memorable, you quickly forget the ones you won at 98%.

If you walk the same route every day 1000 times with no incident, the one you'll remember most is the time you got hit by a car.

You're just remember the bad ones and ti seems like it happens often. When the next one comes it's seems like you're proven right. It's called confirmation biased
You know, sometimes having an insufferable cunt around makes the rest of the game awesome. 

Doing stuff against the councils wishes is better when you want to give them a big fuck you.

Think Game of Thrones. Joeffrey being an insufferable cunt was the best and he was the best at it. Tyrrions interactions with him were the best because of how much you hated him.
I don't know if it wouldn't exist. How old was your country when this stuff came around? Many were direct descendants of Europeans and Africans. But we can never answer that. Pop especially I think would have existed. Blues, jazz probably would not have. 

Genres may have taken other directions. Naturally stuff progresses and who knows what we'd have, Americans certainly can't take the mantle of progression. UK rock played a huge roll between the 60s and 80s for rock music.

So much RnB these days seem to be influenced from non US places, properly south America. I think while you're in front now, without you it wouldn't be *all* that different.

We would have no friends if we thought like that. We've been to war with almost all the world.
Variety.

I try to make different choices each time.
My colleague was going through security with his banking today. (He calles them)

Security question 1: postcode

Security question 2: his DOB

Security question 3: his age
I was raised by my grandparents. My gran really started to age while I was a teen to the point my gran did everything. Looking back I just pretended nothing was happening. Auto response, I didn't have a clue she was really started to hit old age. Nobody asked me to do anything, nobody left me with real responsibility. As an adult it's just there now. My grandad is aging and I feel responsible now. I moved away years ago but I call twice a week at the least and visit when I can.
I was commenting as a non UK domestic so yes UK (not just England) music is no1 here. USA is easily the second highest. But after that Irish, Australian, NZ, and some European stuff too.

While you guys make most of the AAA stuff fully forget we lately watch a lot of our own stuff, not just yours. 

You guys undoubtedly make a shit tin of content. Some of it amazing, sole if it Transformers movies (can you stop with those already?). And yes you are the leading creator worldwide. But to say we own the industry to you guys is a bit much. 

We each have our own internal stuff we watch. In the UK two particular soap were so popular, that during ad breaks we created so much demand for electricity we had to build a dam with turbines to make up with the sudden extra demand (that's no joke). No US program did that. So thank you for all the cool stuff you make but c'mon. It'd still be here if you guys weren't making stuff.
Wow. Glasgow has barely changed.
Keeping customers is easier than getting new customers though. From the amount they lose by doing this they probably attract way more.

It's shitty no doubt and it but me a few months back but as a business model it probably works.
I don't understand either. Scoring is different but at its heart is the same. Someone throwing the ball at a guy holding a bat. Guy with bat tries to hit ball. If he hits ball there's a bunch of guys in the field trying to catch ball.

Baseball has a few bases you round, cricket has two that you run between. 
That's mad boi
Well that's not true at all. You think every single person who is poor and has a girlfriend has a big penis? Shit man the averages would be super different if that were true, more people are poor than rich.
Oh sorry that's Angus, I'll tell him to stop.
You play baseball.
Isn't baseball the cricket of America?
Creed from the office and jesse pinkman would be a funny exchnage...
Maybe stop looking looking for woman wherever you've been looking for them. You obviously keep finding gold diggers.
Ah didnae, it's on the back oh ma heelan coo.
Find one of the many who live cheap lifestyles. You been in a trailer park? If you're that poor find one of those.
Fucking jesus who hurt you?
Och aye the noo, i'll jist grab some huggis and go home tae me castle.
Ay, calm down.

AHaha but seriously you all sound like that...dey do doh don't dey doh
I just liked being around her tbh. She's fun, caring, nice to me...
I married her. Going really well.
I try to avoid AoE reraise as a tactic. I feel it's a safety net in case I mess up, not something that's required to win.

Although the second 10 man trial it's *almost* a requirement.
Rosa is really good. Needs some TMRs to boost stats up a bit but Bless is an awesome regen/mp battery move and with dualcast curaga she can do a pretty decent job as a healer.
SPR and HP is most important. If elements are a thing then that element becomes top priority. Fights like leviathin requires 150% resist minimum.
If you kill to hard just make sure you keep anyone else available to attack. If they die, restart the app and the turn is reset.
Maybe it was tall too. It was during Chinese new year and we went to a park that has a thing on. The crowds were probably the biggest I've ever seen minus some big concerts I've been to. The good thing was I was easily the tallest person there. I'm average height at home. My wife is short and couldn't see anything, I had a Birdseye view.
Switch to twitch, but do something a little different.

Once yt if back up do both. Some content on one and other content on another. Remind users on both about other content. If something happens again you have a fallback.
Youy've spent so long convincing yourself that these things are causing you to feel like this. Just keep reminding yourself that it isn't the case, it'll take time. Therapy will help greatly.
I know it's how we are born. What do you think I was answering?
You're reality is now, not back then. Sounds like you're living in the past.
Yeah people go through all this stuff all the time. I can see why you might have ended up being anorexic and that. But know you're not in any way forced into being like this. You can stop and your past is not holding you to this. 

You might need therapy but just know your past doesn't hold you hostage.
Also voice your opinion and go from there.

Why do you want to lead (being the best dancer is not a reason btw, that's just a bonus), tell the person who deicedes it why.
It's basic and just kinda what you think it is.

------------------------

Hello. I'm *name*.

I'm just writing to give my [notice period] and my last date will be on [that date]

Regards,
*name*

------------
You can add stuff in like I enjoy working here etc if you like but it's not necessary.
No father. Mother was an alcoholic and was taken away from her at 7. Sister moved in with her dads sister and I was moved in with my parents I had a traumatic childhood and I'm very happy now. That's a very very basic thing on my early childhood.

I was OK. I realised that while this stuff can affect me I'm largely in control of who I am now and it only affects me if I let it. All the what if's don't matter because they happened and that's it. 

Your parents making you studying isn't really traumatic, maybe the way they did it. But all our parents make us study. When parents don't that makes them really shitty parents. Social yeah maybe that was a mistake on their part but most of the time parents don't need to push that, most kids naturally do it themselves. However they should have seen issues and tried to help. However I still wouldn't call this traumatic, were you bullied or just on your own? If you were bullied that can be very traumatic.

Look at yourself. What do you like, what don't you like. Stop trying to use the past to justify things. Just try to play to your strengths now.
I had it earlier on beginner.
Are you discriminating against my beliefs!? Your ignorant asshole!
Hello. Careful with your personal details. I'll remove this as you included your name btu feel free to respost without your name.
Reinstall or update Memu. Otherwise try Nox.
I never even used them in the game.
^Y^o^u ^^^^a^r^e ^^^^^^^^w^e^l^c^o^m^e
Sometimes people don't release their sales figures all that much and sometimes people don't make and update lists on a weekly basis. Keep looking and see what's their. Google is the best way.
I liked hanging with my friends everyday. Sure most of the classes sucked but I got to sit with friends. Hang with them at lunch and breaks, walk home with them and it was awesome.
google it
a domesticated carnivorous mammal that typically has a long snout, an acute sense of smell, non-retractile claws, and a barking, howling, or whining voice.
# Well Done
Balls on the inside and whatever is required to make that work.
#What celebrities look like they fart from their mouths?

Knew a guy called Richard King who went by Dick. Awesome name. I also knew a customer of a place called Rod Power
Yes and everyone thinks so (except some of them). But the elderly are HUMUNGOUS voters and which politician is going to commit career suicide by having tons of them do this?
Smoken back bacon. UK style. I love your American bacon but ours is better.
History is written by the winners.

How many times in movies have we seen our hero's friend rush and and sacrifice themselves to blow up something?

A martyr and a terrorist really is the same thing.
A prison better designed for rehabilitation than just keeping people there.

Some places have "open" prisons and that might work for them but can you imagine if the US had that? People would just fuck off.
Music and movies. You do these wrong a lot too but you do it right so often.
I haven't had this in a while. WHen I worked there another coworker got this. Chicken Tikka on top of a ham and turkey. Whatever salad and add BBQ sauce, Sweet onion and chilli.
They don't. Pussies don't like dicks, because pussies get fucked by dicks. But dicks also fuck assholes - assholes who just want to shit on everything.
A lot of the people using it?
Capitalism forces people to work for everyone. Not just themselves or the higher up (like absolute monarchy).

In capitalism the money comes from everywhere. Rich might be able to pay loads of money individually but the lower end people are the ones throwing their money into stuff. Rich people are often mostly rich in assets ,  company worth etc. 

Starbucks for instance, it's money comes from us. Capitalism allowed that company to thrive. It works for the people selling coffee etc. Socialism could do this too. However it doesn't push people to improve for themselves which it often comes down to. Socialism pushes us to improve for each other but honestly I don't a shit about Mr Joe buying coffee, I just want him to buy coffee. I want my business to improve for me and my family. Sure I don't want to be a fick and piss off Mr Joe but I'm not improving my company to make him happy. I just want him happy and to keep buying coffee and to keep him buying coffee I need to make sure he's kept happy or he'll go to one of my competators...capitalism.

It's not perfect but it does work. The rich might be getting richer but so are the poor. Most disposable income in history, most educated, most freedoms, etc
Ask them, awesome trick. They just straight out tell you!
Gravity.

Gravity gives out equal pull in every direction. Let's say for argument purposes the earth is flat. Gravity is in the middle pulling everything in the neat circle it's in. However things would be pulled towards the centre, water, dirt, everything. They'll wall across the earth into the middle. Stuff will start stacking in the middle. Kinda like pouring sand into the same spot, it doesn't stack. It created a mound. xcept you're not pouring sand onto a flat surface, stuff is pulled pulled round the entire point of gravity creating a sphere.

Also not the earth isn't spehrical due to the Suns gravity, rotation around the sun and shit like tectonic plates moving and creating mountains etc.
Funny. Up in Scotland we say Glasgow. You English folks and your weird colloquialisms.
>thats just littering innit.

Are you one of those lame guys who goes rounds school talking about littering but pretending to be a tough black London gangster?

Don't be a fool, littering isn't cool!
When I was in China it happened A LOT. Wasn't a scam. They just wanted photos with is. At the time there were almost no white people there. 2 weeks and I saw less than 10 white people. People just approach you for photos, my wife was more popular, they seemed interested in her blonde hair.

We didn't know what was happening as English was barely spoken. That was until a kid approached us on the great wall and said (in fairly fluent English) that him and his family wanted a photo with us as they've never seen white people. Was pretty cool. Hong Kong obviously wasn't a thing.
People say the UK doesn't experience earthquakes but London seems to shake if you say "Excuse me?" in public
Are you sure it's off?

Check your router and see who is listed as connected. Although if someone hacked into your network I doubt they'd print of some stuff for sending stuff via royal mail. More likely you left WPS on the printer and some idiot printed to it by mistake.
Citizens advice Bureau is a good start.

Fathers for Justice might still be worth it. He can contact them and get advice, he just doesn't have to take the advice if he doesn't want to. Their mad shit was what like 15+ years ago? That may have just been stunts to get their name out there (which worked pretty well if that was their aim).
It's not an issue with the phone since it's happening on 2 (android and iOS too). Something their end. You'll just have to wait on them
My colleague just fucks off. Just goes for a walk.

Once I was so tired I just sat in my car and slept lol
An Australian woman told me it sounded awesome. She like the way the letter r sounded.

But yeah the accent isn't *pleasant*. Tough for sure though. If I get into a fight with a foreigner I'm definately putting on a ramped up weegie accent.
Whi'!? Dye proper no ken fit wur gabbin aboot? Ahl tik yer lug and drag ye tae yer ma and tell hur she did a shite job wee ye.  Ya bawbag!
No foolin'! I'm from North Kilttown! Do you know Angus McLeod?
Her best attack is Ultima (enhanced) which isn't powerful anymore. She's been powercreeped. I use her in the arena still as a mage chaining team. Her TM is still good.
95% of the time FFVII is hailed as the best. It tops most lists of best FF and is usually up there with best game ever of any genre. VI however is the only one that ever tops of on occasion.You never see others doing that in those types of lists.

There's no job classes in 6. Each person has a specific ability on top of magic and other stuff. Everyone can learn all magic and then they kinda have their own weapons they can equip. Stats are kinda set in a way it's geared at classes.

But it does well with the critics and fans for a reason. If you like FF you'll most likely like it.
I pulled him a while ago. I haven't used him yet but his TMR is worth it. I did max him but he's a jack of all trades and I have a master of each trade.
Amelia is an ok chainer and is good in the arena (inflicts stop)
You made the post, not the thread, I started the thread.

I know **now** you made meant that. But you didn't say that before. You made an implication before and didn't say that was your opinion. You said they weren't FFs proper. It may not have been what you meant but it's what you said. I can only go by what you said. You included the reply with an insult so I explained myself.
> But I was not telling you about your opinon

Yes you were, you did it again it again in this comment.

>Really not what I consider my idea of a Final Fantasy proper.

This, backed up by everything you said. You are saying the old or non larger ensamble Final fantasy's (and a few new, XV, XIII-2,  X-2 or Dimensions) are not proper Final Fantasies. That's literally what you said. You can like the other ones better, but the ones that are not are still "a Final Fantasy proper"
I didn't vote on your post. I could have a few things to say about the level of "childish" and "petty" of your comment just over one single stupid karma. But it's a stupid debate and not worth its time. It's internet points, not worth our time, let's move on.

Now do you have any actual comments to make on this thread?
Not that my work site complain but I go and do all sorts of shit on my lunch. Get some groceries, ditch some stuff at the dump, get the car cleaned, etc.

It's really handy but honestly it's just so I leave my desk. I've found I don't take breaks of I don't leave my desk.
Well it's still final fantasy. Just because it isn't modern final fantasy doesn't mean it isn't final fantasy. It's still final fantasy. And I like it and I think it'd be awesome.
I, II, III and V all had 4. 
I'd ideally I'd like a bit of both. Some characters have a set selection of jobs they can choose.

4 characters and 12 jobs. One character is your classic Strong hero type and it shows in game via story. He gets like Knight, Dragoon, Berserker and Mystic Knight. Second gets. Ninja, Archer, Theif and Monk. Third gets Black Mage, Time Mage, Blue mage and Geomancer. Fourth Gets white mage, summoner, chemist and bard. 

There's a jjob each to unlock via sidequests and endgame or newgame+ you can do any jobs or unlock things to allow others to do certain jobs. Something like that.
That proves nothing, people with a lot more Karma than you repost for Karma all the time. /u/Galowboob for instance.

I'm still convinced it's for Karma. But if iot's not then why are you posting the classic karma whoring "upvote if" kinda stuff.
>If this gets 100 upvotes...

Yes.
FFVI banner.

6 star awakenings for Celes and Shadow (on the banner)

4-6 Star Strago and Relm

5-6 Star Madiun and Madeline


We'll call her cortana
They didn't order anything. IIRC they were there for 35 minutes and waiting for someone.

I reckon they were just mooching free WiFi but even still, ask them politely to order something and leave. Calling the police is rediculous. The police should have warned Starbucks for wasting their time.
You could also take it to a mobile phone repair shop. Might be able to replace the Jack altogether.
Get a small end of something that's about the size of the headphone jack, broken end might work. 

Get file Superglue, be sure not to use to much so that it touches the phone when it presses the broken but. Press till it sets and pull out.
Huh, well...the power of Zuckerberg compels you! you
As a guess, might not be this.

So your phone has an IP address. When data packets come in originating from your phone they know it's you and as ask the packets come through they charge the amount that comes through. However if one Congress from you but originated somewhere else they know you didn't send it but someone is using your connection.
They're the same fucking shop. They seek the same stuff in the same packaging but the have different names on it!!! 

I know, I need a tin foil hat. But for instance, they seek the same 4 types of sandwiches. Their sandwich fillers are the same 4 flavours with different brand names. They sell the same shit like this all over. Exact same ranges, variety etc. It's weird.
Great beer but leaves a funky after taste in the morning. Footos will make that go away though.
You can pay for it or have it for free, we just need your info.

That was our choice and we made it.
I think it's the perceive thing. However I'm guessing he the "I'm always right" and "nothing is every my fault" kinda person. Even after being told why he was fired he likely twisted things so he was right and they were just assholes. He believed it and choose to call them out which ended up in the untwisted truth.
No but you're defending the actions of the people who did this, thus condoning it. It's as good as saying it.
Lol you don't call the police, you say "can we help you" or "will you be ordering anything today". You don't call the police.
It's seems like stupid on top of stupid to me
Oh god I haven't seen this guy since he performed on The Royalty Performance. I watch [this](http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xxtz63) video every once in a while. So good. I'm going to go binge watch the others.
Let's pretend for a second you could actually heal through the power of prayer or whatever.
 I doubt it would work via Facebook comments.
I know, I wanted op's fake answer though
That explains why we are fine when England have a drought but not why it tastes better
That's what the water does and it's awesome
Having 100 upvotes here won't make a difference
Why do you need 100 upvotes?
You were of help
If they were doing this it'd be more prevalent. Same colour hair at least, matching eyebrows.
Move up here to Scotland. I don't know what it is but our water is better.

Everytime I go down south it's like I've gone abroad.
Lowest gagazet to get dailies. Gil snapper rest of the time (and the vault thing). Come monday I'll plow through the exploration and story. Once I'm done I'll do more gagazet mk farming until I have rest of what I want.
Ah taa
Try water trails or beds
And be a right wing hero, with stars in her eyes
Not from US. We had blockbuster here but I'm not getting this?
You are perfectly allowed to be better for her. 

Remember that she is with you and **chooses** to be with you. That says you're a lot better than you think you are. If you were that bad she wouldn't be with you.

But you have a list. Just because you hate your job doesn't make you a bad boyfriend. But look for a new one if you want, for yourself too. You're allowed to party with your friends too but if you feel you're not giving her enough time just start saying no from time to time and hang with her or study.

Try one thing, just one. Pick on and do it. You can worry about the rest later.
>Without notice
That's called a password. You use it to access your Facebook account. 

Were you trying to suggest gumi host them instead?
Friday indeed and by looking at barbs expression she's working Saturday
No. Those units only effect gil earned, rare item drops and normal item drops. Nobody effects the kinds of units that appear.
Sup
I do but I skipped a bunch and keep promising to go back over all the story. However I have to actually replay the battles and it's annoying.
What's the point in having a tank if you can't fire from it. It's like having a plane and not being able to fly it.
Yes but the guy is no longer inside the hotel.
If their relationship wasn't healthy and they got married then I reckon they're doomed. Bad decision.
She married you because she loved you.

Life doesn't change much after you get married. Infact it stays the same. Just continue what you're doing and if there's any issues in the relationship look to fix them.
> 7* Wilhelm becomes a ~~physical cover tank~~ god.


I'd save. It's a great TM but not game changing. Wilhelm enhanced handles everything already so it's not like he's desperate for the TM.
Should have caught that.
I love that he threw in a 5000 at the end.
Wasn't from JP or doesn't play JP?
Cecil is a single target cover tank. No longer useful so ignore him.

Charlotte and Ozetta cover different roles.

Charlotte is a AoE cover tank and MP battery. Very useful. She will cover all units and tank damage for everyone. She does so very well and has an awesome ability to avoid death.

Ozetta is a provoke tank. Any physical damage to a single target will be aimed at Ozetta (should she use her ability. She has a 50% chance to be target before that. She will also reduce damage by 25% in the meantime.

OZetta doesn't get her main ability until level 100. Her 50% provoke you have from the start and she will be useful. Get Golum and you can use provoke to use 100% provoke.

Charlotte won't get any useful tank abilities to help you until level 72 (at 5 star base). Golum will add 70% provoke.

If you are still manually levelling people without gigantaurs then I'd use Ozetta. Charlotte otherwise. 

Eventually you'll be doing super hard content and you'll need a AoE magic tank and provoke tank which is ozetta. But by then you can likely level either quickly.
Huh?
Oh my dog goes nuts at people. Loads of noise. Once they're in he just want to play. But bugs, rodents...useless.
If that's what it says in the tin foil hat
Hheerrrreeee we go
I just had Ayaka, CG FIna, Chow, Wilhelm, WK Noel. Easy battle, just had to go the 10 rounds.
You forget to name the tanks.
I think she's OK. A bit meh. People aren't too psyched for her at all I think
I saw someone on the post earlier say that gumi should tell who it was and also how much they spend on FFBE. Some people don't understand how raffles work.
It's a little colder. Not hugely. Honestly UK is so small that it's similar to outsiders.

[Stats](https://www.metoffice.gov.uk/news/releases/2017/weather-review-of-2017)
Warrior of Light is an AoE cover tank. Wilhelm can't AoE, he's a provoke tank.

Now WoL does have a 100% provke like Wilhelm does. However Wilhelm is significantly better at this.

There's a few things I could discuss but I'll try to stick to tanking stuff for now

* Wilhelms LB offers 54% Damage Mitigation(AoE) and boosts Def by 74%(Self). Wol offers no damage mitigation but the same DEF buff AoE. Wilhelm also has amazing LB buffs and a 100% counter to further push this.

* Natural 50% provoke on Wilhelm

* 75% DEF/SPR to all allies as an ability for 5 turns.

* Wilhelms Passives greatly outclass WoL.  
Wilhelm: 110% DEF. 100% SPR. 60% HP  
WoL: 30% DEF. 20% SPR. 20% HP  
Note that WoL gets 150% buff if HP drops below 30%. But you ideally ant to keep HP well above that, you don't want to rely on that.

* 40% Damage mitigation on the 100% provoke. WoL does have a 50-70% Damage AoE mitigation which paired with provoke is very nice however the provoke is 1 turn so to setup provoke is off for 1 turn. 

* Wilhelm recoervs HP when Defending and can use enhalnce lance for HP/MP recovery. WoL counters with similar.

The current Meta is a magic AoE cover tank with a provoke tank. You can't have a physical and Magic AoE cover at the same time. So Wilhelm is the best option if using a magic tank.

Also note that Wilhelm gets an amazing 7*. Turns him into an AoE cover tank with the same ability as WoL as well as some other really nice tanking abilities. 

WoL breaks very well but can't provoke while he does that. Wilhelm can buf DEF/SPR and ARK/MAG while tanking.

tl;dr. AoE cover? WoL. Otherwise Wilhelm.



How much do you need a mid level provoke tank, an OK summoner/healer or a top DPS unit?
Yeah. I got used to it eventually. I'm a heavy sleeper.

I get similar temps when I visit Spain but it's more humid there. Australia was a very dry heat.
>along with how much they've spent.

That's none of our business. Plus it's a raffle, it's not decided by how much we've spent.
Nice one, Share your pulls with that!
Cool thanks, I'll try that out.
Glasgow is particularly rainy weather but yeah we're not the warming. But we're acclimatised, I moved to Melbourne Sydney for a while and fuck it was too hot to do anything some days. Took me a while to get used to it. Peoeple would be walking about in big coats, scarfs and hats and I'd be walking about like in shorts and a tshirt.
Did you delete the cache?
If you're not using a facebook account yes. You really should, even if you don't use facebook. What if the app crashes and you need to reinstall?
How are you doing that? Do the Wakkas and seymour contribue to the fight or is GLS doing everything?
I've used it a lot. I tend to stick it on my Wilhelm who has free turns. Allows him to break (only 30% but still good+the status affects), heal the team and boost lb for less MP.

A thing I like to do with it is replace a character with it. Say I'me using a 45% breaker just for breaking. It's better than 30% but it allows me to have an entirely new character. I can add a chainer, finisher, elemental buff/debuff. 15% breaking is worth an entire new element to my team composition.
I thought Aileen was very good.
Uninstall the app, clear cache and reinstall.
What kind of video do you want to make? That's your answer.
That panned out well
Bingo
Oh sorry, I wasn't thinking of the free range chickens.
No I have them, thanks though.
I did, I also remember the people I worked with though.
Same mitigation. Hers is equal to WoLs average.
Same as yours but in the rain. Sausages, burgers, maybe some steak, perhaps fish but probably not and salad stuff if ladies are present.
Was indeed Edinburgh.
George Stobbart. Funny guy.
Return it. It's brand new and it should be perfect.

In my experience computers that turn up on day 1 continue to have problems. Best to get them replaced.
We feed them mince. What do you feed chickens, have you seen your eggs. Comes in a shell you can't even eat!?
This guy's been on the bucky.
Had he had a Moustache then he would have had the job.
ISN'T THAT WHAT I SAID?
Ah, missed that
Isn't that what I said?
Do you have Charlotte? Charlotte is just as good as WoL
1?
That's just Tuesday. A Scottish BBQ is a BBQ in the rain.
Of course? How else would I have a Scottish BBQ?
Oh shit. Better go tell the wife
Ask the mods that banned you.
Oh god no.
2 hours of summer. That must've been '03. I almost had a BBQ.
Worked at a boutique hotel. Modern fancy expensive place. Guy walked in for an interview in sandals, Hawaiian shirt, sunglasses. 

This was Scotland.

Edit: Autocorrect
I hate wearing them too. But if I thought it'd get my wife going...
You should watch Maigret. Plays a very serious detective and is very good at it.

Thin blue line he played a not so silly role. It was a comedy but he was super weird.
Hillel. It's like to show him newer music without telling him who he's listening to and see what he thinks. 

He'll probably recognise Anthony straight away and just be nice but I'd like to try.
I'm going to keep running expeditions. I still make money despite them (F2P if that's changes things). The pots, tickets, moogles and lapis are what's worth it alone let alone the Adv5 (best materia?).

I don't enhance unless I actually want to use them. I only recently enhance WoL. Olive, DKL, Luneth are sitting un-enhanced. Gil Snappers cave is this weekend.

I've also started bringing Xon/Lara/PJake whenever I can. I'm only running 3 bonus units, one shot unit and Lara this event.
Joke gift I'm assuming
My answers where there help answer yours you spanner. I needed certain information to help.

Subway must be a fucking nightmare for you what with all the questions they ask you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17ys5Z5YED4
That looks awesome
No you won't but you're swapping a small bonus on everything vs a humungous bonus on some thing. And the things you're missing out on might have killers from other espers which you might equip anyway.
Yes but the killers is huge in comparrison. You increase the stats it won't have any affect on weapon, armour and any flat increases. Killers will add 25% on top of those too.

40% stat increasewill add about 70 attack. Pretty good.

25% will add 25% of everything put together.

it's like being asked if you want to add an extra 40% to your fries or an extra 25% onto the entire meal.
Killers are 25% after everything has been conscidered. Equipment, materia, imperils etc etc.

Stat boost is just that. The stats. It won't add 25% on equipment atk and other stuff.

Fine on my mobile. 6P using bacon reader
How much in petrol do you think this costs them? Don't be an asshole.
Just go to another gp.
They found in testing?
Remember you're dealing with people. Not robots. They're all different. Some doctors are amazing. Some are shit. Some are good but slow some are quick and shit. Total mix. If you're not happy get a second, third or fourth opinion.
So what's the show?
Yeah no shit, you refused to answer my questions lol.
For Rule 1. I feel a megathread would be good. While I agree this doesn't need to be up. It's still somewhat popular with some people so putting them in their own space is a good idea. /r/FFBraveExvius  does this and it works really well.

2. I think NSFW images shjouldn't be here. I see this sub as fairly wholesome and there's subs dedicated for this content. Of course everybody has their line and it's different for us all.

3. I don't see why not. 

4. A meme megathread like I said for rule 1?

5. I don't think so. I agree with the current thing. I sometimes bring them up but I try to remember to say "if you own the game then try an emulator". I would completely understand if it were banned though, it does make sense.
Hardware you can touch. The case is hardware. The controller is hardware. The power cable is hardware.  The flashing lights are hardware.

The stuff you can't touch is software. So game is software (though it might be stored on a disc which is software), when you press left on the controller you're using hardware to make software do something (turn left). 
See a doctor.

Don't ask people on the internet. it's full of trolls and people who don't know what they're talking about. I've removed the post as it breaks the rules of the sub. But honestly, see a doctor. I know it's mega embarrasing but it's super important you go.
/r/woooosh/

It's for when people don't get the joke. I didn't get the joke.
Reverse parking into their drive. 10/10
/r/confusedboners
Because new people are born. You fall for it once and never again. I feel for it on the original CoD way back when. I'm sure I want the first.
I get all 4 rewards everyweek. Usually the day (sometimes 2) before it ends so I'm never rushed. I also don't equip people for it so I've been saving them. Supercites though seems worth using.
I've been whoooshed huh
I don't care. I'm trying. If something happens and I'm going to spend the last few minutes trying to get to him. Maybe the first nuke hits in 3 minutes but the nuke that kills me isn't for 45 minutes who knows. I just **have** to see him.
It's Tom from myspace.
Do you have someone there to ask why you weren't invited.

Hey bob, I noticed *you* weren't invited. How come?


>until Facebook itself is shut down. Not that that would happen

[This guy think it could happen](https://img.buzzfeed.com/buzzfeed-static/static/2014-06/20/13/campaign_images/webdr04/heres-what-tom-from-myspace-looks-like-today-in-c-2-18383-1403284622-2_dblbig.jpg)
Kindly=light tap

aggressively = hard tap

recklessly = headbutt the phone

Apathetically log in while doing a standing backflip= tap it normally with a straightface while doing a standing backlip
Anymore talk like that I'm leaving the money to the dog.
Then get a job and you don't have to.
Buttons are on the way out. Most android phones are making the switch and samsung aside the most popular ones have no buttons.

You really don't much of a choice do you? Bigger revolution but you won't really notice anything until you do anything in HD. Movies etc will look better.

September is when the next announcement will be made. Not seen many rumours this year. Seems to be a lot less interest, not sure why. But if you like the button the 8 is the way to go. There is the extra lense on the camera which improves photograph by it's not like the 8 has a bad camera. Still up there with some of the best phones. Just not top 3 like the X. 

One big thing to say is while the X has a much bigger screen the phone isn't *that* much bigger. The 8 kept the iPhones very very ages design of massive bezels (bit between the screen and edge of phone) whereas the X has almost none which is more like other phones on the market these days. Similar size phone but X's screen is much bigger. 8 has a very aged design. I wouldn't be surprised if whatever replaces the 8 looks more modern.
Just waiting to hear if something better comes before I burn them all.
Fuck you, too much work just to see pics of a small dick on /r/rateme
The ticket you got. Other summon tickets and expansion vouchers. Moogle is super expensive and not worth it. % materias are too expensive. But once you've blown on tickets ou're almost done.

I think I got all tickets except the expensive 3* one. All the expansion ones.
Should we be saving our accelration stuff for expiditons? I've decided to use a couple a day on the supercite mission so I can get 2 missions/day. Is there something in the future I might want to horde them for?
Fuck, at 9 months old that's impressive
You're the third lol. F5!
It was more information for future use. If you build a dodge/provoke tank in the future you'll know they all stack together.
Where it showed us getting the petals it was the last day. There wasn't one after. I think their may have been an announcement but I missed it. People were saying it too.
It's a bit of a catchall term.

If you're being loud, unruly, pissing people off.

People have gotten them for constantly annoying neighbours. Shit like that. From what I gather it's for people who never really break the law, or never badly enough in a way that gets consequences.
Flower petals stopping was already known. Lapis was an unexpected surprise.
It will yes. FYI it would also stack with golems provoke.
Darwinism.
I agree. What about the guy who thought it'd be hilarious to jump in a wheelybin and ride it down the main street into a van? ^Iguessweshouldkeeptheblanketrule
But but the daily mail said....
Well you risk doing yourself more harm. The internet cannot diagnose you. You **need** to see a doctor and you need to find time.

My wife tried to diagnose herself. She kept having heartburn. Internet said do this do that. Try all this stuff. Eventually one night it got super bad, she was drinking milk like the internet had said in several places but the pain kept getting worse. Pain killers never worked. She called the hospital. Shortly after she got an operation. I forget the name of what she had but milk made it much much worse. Luckily not the point she could have died. 

But my advice is to get real advice from someone who is in a position to give it to you. Internet might have all this knowledge but it can't check you over, run tests, ask follow up question etc.
Raised by my grandad who was kinda old fashioned in the way people work. He taught me if I work hard I'll go places. Well that doesn't work today. Need to get educated too. I didn't go to uni, I didn't have that drive. I'll make sure he does or has a strong plan in it's place.
No idea how it happens. I found them in my asscrack, under my balls, caught in my beard. 
Advice? Stop googling and see a doctor.
I'd prefer the lb is kept up otherwise why have him? Looking at his enhancements though carbon bagle after that as you could proc lb every second turn if not every tun.
So it does, he looks more usable then. Pirate jakes ring BiS? I'll certainly play with him If I pull. (I'm going to get quoted out of context, aren't I?)
People get arrested for saying they'll kill someone directly. Like posting on someones page "i'm going to fucking murder you tonight" or something. Like genuine actual threats. Otherwise it doesn't happen.

But you see comedians and far right groups posting shit all the time. Trump retweeted one of things recently. It really isn't normal at all for people to get arrested for online stuff. That nazi dog thing caught us by surprise as much as it did anyone else.
Looking at page on jp units. Hard to tell. You'll need to do an LB build ~~unless you build to provoke with equipment and materia~~ Accessories only make that impossible I tihnk.

Stat's it tough to see. You'll need to speak to one of our resident mathematicians. Super super low HP but super super high defence.

Why can you level his lb when it doesn't change? Interesting to see if it gets a 6*. It looks strong on it's own.
I know one place that sold it for a while as their monthly special beer. Not seen it since.
There have been some for threatening people. As far as stuff like the guy with his nazi dog it's really just something that doesn't happen. Like anything there's a few instances here and there. The guy just went viral and ruffled up the feathers of some certain people who took the whole thing too far. Rare instance.

It's like piracy. Everybody is downloading shit and if the government really wanted to crack down on it they could as so many people breach the law but they don't. There's the odd person here and there who gets made an example of but that's it.
Oh I've had a williams. I'd definitely recommend
Yes. I want your address /s

I was trying to help you, you didn't need to get defensive. Let's just leave it.
Find something you do like. Try things. Hobbies, classes whatever.

Sounds like mild depression to me.
That's a lucid dream. You were alseep and it seemed real.
We arrested **a** guy. That was weird tbh. People say stuff like this all the time. We have political parties like the national front or bnp. Trump retweeted one of their online posts about muslims or something recently. You should read their leaflets that come through the door around election time, some of the local ones outright say to deport foreigners. I actually love reading those if I'm honest, it's like satire but real and it's funny (as long as they hold 0 power).
Haha that's hilarious. Did you try a bottle of imported Buckfast?
Pfft we talk much worse than this all the time. Google Frankie Boyle (you might need subs)
She won't be my wife for long after that. I'd like to keep her around.
There is no first amendment on the internet. I'm from the UK. You can take your laws and shove it up your butt. I have to follow mine, not yours.
Check you have enough space. Turn phone off and on. Uninstall and reinstall.
Battlefield/CoD and Civilisation
Herbal medicine.

It's not the herbal stuff that's bad. Some of it does actually help in some way.

What is bad are people telling you you should use these in place of real medicine or using this stuff for serious conditions like cancer that require actual treatment. Or just people making up shit and saying it's herbal and therefore medication.

I've taken some herbal stuff before due to allergies and they work OK. My son who is still a baby we've used some herbal stuff on him and it's worked. Where we can we'll use medication but there's times you can't.
She told us you have that already
What!? You mean my genderbend cyerpunk hulk outfit wasn't historically accurate!?
Christmas if you count that the Romans changed the date we celebrate it.

There's various arguments to when it was actually. September is a popular one.

But I guess it's celebrating the birth of Jesus which is the point. Correct date or no.
Shit son, you can type!?
I'm at work and I have to get paid to pay bills and stuff.
Scotland. Tennants (local beer) or Peroni. When it comes to beer I like lager more than *beer*
Jeez man if you don't want peoples help so bad why bother?
Have you enhanced? It's pretty easy once enhanced. if you're doing it wrong I'd reevaluate how you do it. I don't macro chains.
I know. Some places may offer shipping to your country but not the US/UK/Uganda
You can't fix every why. That's  impossible and very naive, I could spend months just listing various reasons to why these happen. Some people just have anger issues. Some are in the heat of the moment things and they happen to have a knife. 

Sure there's plenty of "why" that can be fixed. But plenty that can't.
If you pay them what makes you think they won't post it anyway. These don't sound like standup people who you can trust at their word.

Block them, ignore them.
It'll do devour on the 6th turn. After 50% it's every 3 turns on multiples of 3, not from when you hit the threshold. So be careful. Skip a round of damageing mabloro if you need.
Apparently OK is good. But I just couldn't do the damage with him. 900+ATK with killers equipped and a 1000+ unit. I tried with both non elemental and light elemental. 

Christine came close but Grim Lord Sakura did the trick. But I used a similar setup to you. It should work.
Might be an idea to tell people where you are for best recommendations.
I haven't played XIV. But as for asd the other games go. If you let your kid watch the simpsons FF is fine. Simpsons is much more in your face about stuff. Like the episode where Marge and homer fuck all over some hotel.
My sister always knew she was adoipted. Me and her were taken away from my mother. I was 7/8 and remember it all. She was still a baby. She grew up with her Aunt on her fathers side and I grew up with our mums parents. 

It was always super confusing growing up. What she knew/didn't know. What she thought at why her brother lived with her grandparents and not her mum and dad (whom hadn't told her she was adopted). Maybe around 8 she asked her mum and dad if she was adopted, they said yes, she replied cool and ran off to play. Nothing more was said for years. Nobody spoke about it. It was awkward at various things and we've had to not invite each of them to things (I've since rekindled my relationship with my mum). Mums missed a few birthdays, sister didn't go to my grans funeral, things were arranged with her mum to avoid things. It's sucked.

Very recently, she's 22 now, my mum wrote her a letter. She gave it to her dad (our grandad) who passed it on without thinking. He said he had nothing to do with it and was just delivery a letter (eh you knew what it was and what it'd do). He was visiting her and as he left said here's a letter for you, bye!

She called m and we had a long conversation, lots of questions etc etc. Letter was apologising for what she did, saying she was sorry, mentioned my sister walks past her work (which promped the letter) asking to meet her etc. Really shitty way to drop that bomb. It should have been done a lot differently. I'd liked to have been there, her parents told so they could be involved. I know she's 22 but fuck that was a hell of a way to do it.

It was a rollercoaster of a few days. Her mum who hates my mum (justifaibly) spread some misinfomration to my sister. She told her my mum was an alcohlic for years and years before my sister was born. Which wasn't true, her dad (adoptive mums brother) turned up and somehow turned our mum into an alcoholic. I had to explain how different things were before that. She'd sit with me and do homework, take me on trips etc. Had an OK life for sure. Things changed a lot when he turned up, sister was born and he wasn't around much after that before we were all separated. I had to correct a lot of stuff which made it harder as I am grateful for her giving my sister a great upbringing and I didn't want to start any things during this. My sister thought about stuff and she's annoyed, she had some questions about her dad for which I didn't have much on. I told her the facts of what happened but I didn't know him that well. 

I think she's decided not to meet her. My mum asked what was happening but I said that's not for me to say. She got annoyed and hung up, phoned back later and apologised saying that is exactly what I should have done. 

It's all calmed down. But there's less awkwardness these days. No more dancing around each other. I can tell my mum she can't come to something because my sister will be there and she stays away. I think things will happen down the line. Still a bit annoyed at my grandad for doing that though.
Coffe, I hate the taste of coffee but it smells awesome.
As the sun rised to it's peak in the harsh texan landscape. 3 men stood in a triangle, silent, as they stood waiting for the others to make their move. This mexican stand off was finally going to decide who walked away with the $100,000. El Gee, famous gunslinger from Mexico, Sam Sung from the east cost and So Nee, visitor from the far east. Who would win?
Have sex with her.
Why isn't the mustache the minnacle of non indian male grooming.
You **still** aren't listening.

I'm not arguing how over why. I'm not saying you're wrong for arguing why over how. I'm arguing **both** are important and need looked at.

I'm saying there's a variety of scenarios that happen. The guy who suffers from severe road rage who *happens* to have a knife for an unrelated purpose isn't going to have a knife the day he punches the guy who cut him off, missing out on a knife victim and resulting instead in a black eye.

Yes you ARE right. Many many scenarious will not be solved by banning knives. But many scenarious will result in lives saved. We live in the real world with millions of reasons why things happen. Some are pre meditated. Some are circumstancial. Removing knives in esculated situation will result in those knives getting used in the heat of the moment. Will it solve everything? No. But nothing will solve everything. There's no one magic fix for this, it's going to take a lot of stuff.

Banning offensive weapons is one of many things required.
I likely wouldn't make it but I'm going to try anyway.
>they also seem to have a policy of not being total dicks

What an interesting and novel idea.
Phone my wife, hop in the car and race to see my son.
Every multiple of 3. 
Check the sub. One of the newest posts is a sneak peak on todays maintenance and contains information on Freyvia.
Walmart is Asda in the UK. So George undies?
Yuna is a good summon for magic finishing and an excellent, perhaps the best elemental defence unit. Healing is good but not great.
Look back over the sub. Someone has been putting up *should I horde* posts on notable units. They're very detailed and well worth reading. They're all very recent, last week or so.
It's sometimes right sometimes wrong. Nothing to bank on. Best wait until next thursday.
Tip: One thing I and many people miss is the 50% threshhold goes from 4 turn rotation to 3 turn rotation. However the rotation doesn't being from the turn you hit 50%. It counts on turns multiple of 3. So Devour (the turn you have to kill the minibros on) is always on 3,6,9,12,15,18 etc. Remember to dispel Malboro when it buffs itself.

Good luck!
Ah right. Not sure but I wouldn't count on those mid/high things. They're discussing it [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/FFBraveExvius/comments/8bogzr/gl_maint_quick_peek_41218/) though
Nobody knows. Gumi didn't know when they were asked previously. There's a mytery collab coming up, some are speculating it's that. I feel it's a collab that hasn't been done. Nobody knows though.
If you google "*unitname* FFBE" The first link gives you all info on any character including their enhancements. 

Imperil goes from 50% to 75%
Yes, do you have a provoke tank? Wilhelm or Cagnazzo? There's a new one coming in next weeks banner too. I'd swap Tidus for a provoke tank, use Basch as magic cover and that will do fine.

If you don't use a provoke tank Malboro will just kill everyone quite easily. Two TT's is enough to do the fight.

Also don't use LB for Roy. Ramp up the full song otherwise you miss out on debuffs.
If I can. But like the current MK event I'm taking one with me. I'm saving up for 7*. Generally trying to fit them in, plus Lara is useful and helps in battle.
I swapped to Lara recently but she's dropped already. Helloooooo Xon!
You missed the point. There's a million reasons why someone would have a knife. Maybe they're just on their way back from ikea and bought a knife set. Maybe a friend asked to borrow a knife and they were dropping it off. Maybe they *just* wanted to be cool by having a knife. Maybe they're part of a gang and were pressured into it. I could go on and on and on and on and on and on and on. You can't deal with all of them and sometimes people will just actively ignore you. For those we need to ban knives (or carrying offensive ones around or whatever). Yes sorting the why will stop loads of them but not all of them.

Both are important.
VIII is simple to mod. I forget what it's called as I'm at work (remind me in 10 hours if you want it) but theres a single mod to install a heap of mods. Saves loads of time.

VII is the same.

IX doesn't really need modded.

X I highly recommend modding simply for AP all.
I tend to beat the final boos **then** do sidequests.
No swearing. No sex. No drugs.

[THis](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=coRm-da6dXw) is probably one of the most risque sections of any FF. VII has swearing but it's censored out. "Holy *$^% that hurt". Or whatever.
Different worlds? Different universes. What's more confusing is that they all speak the same language at all.


If I met someone from a different universe. I'd be more surprised the looked and sounded like me.
Operation Yewtree sorted that out.
My dog is fucking useless. If something comes into the house the dog just thinks it's interesting and follows it around.
>They/We need to address the Why rather~~ then the~~ **as well as how.

FTFY

Both are important. Sometimes people get into arguments and someone might have anger issues. Person attacks other person with a knife they had for self defence. They never left the house that morning knowing they were going to stab someone but they did so without thinking later. Things happen for different reasons, there's no one fix.
First call. My very first call.

Woman calls sitting about an issue. Wouldn't let me speak a word. I tried to get words out but she'd interrupt me. Then she hung up. Never told me who she was. Manager who was watching just laughed.
I totally agree and I wondered before if it's even just rights aimed at gender?

The thing about the sub here is that it's the only place on Reddit I've seen where people who support men's right but ALSO supports woman's rights can talk about this stuff.

I was on mensrights for a while and it got really toxic over there. A lot of the content send to be aimed at bashing extreme feminists these days. You couldn't even point out that these feminists were a minority without getting shit on. Some would argue that every feminist were men hating over there, to point out a feminist that was a nice person was met with denial. I left there a while ago.

Also there's a ton more men here than woman. People often look out for issues closer to them than others. S lot of the people posting probably just happen to look on places where this stuff comes up and aren't in sites and such dedicated to female rights or other rights.

It is a sore point on what is a fantastic sub though. We need more balance. 
Basch? It's really the only stronger unit.
Ah. A lazy fuck? I can certainly sympathise.
Certainly could do. Your magic tank needs to get to at least 150% water resist.
>end of each round
Charlottes a pretty good tank. very underated. In fact compared to WoL it's pretty similar. Stats similar. WoL has better passives but Charlotte has that avoid death skill. Then it's breaks vs MP battery. 

Nothing wrong with Charlotte. I've utilised her a few times.
Wait, isn't that an actual person? Like a celeb or something. Actually recognise her.
Huh that's funny. I find the same thing in woman super sexy.
Well we'd rather stop people from doing it rather than waiting until they did it then deal with it
>Unless times have changed from 2014.

Oh god please don't tell me 2014 is old now
Pretty much. It's like those people who think it's cool they can use GPS on their phone then get annoyed than Google knows where they are
Then you're fine
Excellent. Nobody got it before. Now the only hole I don't know is did you send it to anyone? If that's a no you're good.
Then it was disabled which means you were extra safe. Do you mean enabled?
>PC or 3DS titles only please.

PC titles is all titles.
You could request apple do it I guess but then someone would have to manually look for it which considering you have deleted it would be difficult. They would have to go through all your stuff individually looking at everything. You'll never get that level of access. I'm also making an educated guess that **they** don't have that level of access. They'll have things like **account backup - date - time** and can choose to restore. They won't be able to see it themselves. I have a similar setup with emails at work. I can't see any of your emails but I control your access to them. It'll delete itself in time. I don't know how long apple keep this stuff, or even if they do tbh. I'm guessing as others do. Honestly. This is NOTHING to worry about. It's like trying to find a needle in a pile of needles, withing an entire warehouse of needles. And the warehouse is protected by the military. What do you think the chances are of someone you know, finding that needle?

As for the itunes backup in the second comment you made. iTunes backups up iTunes automatically. If you haven't plugged your phone into iTunes there's nothing to backup. You have to put your photos onto itunes first for iTunes to be able to back it up.
iTunes. When was the last time you plugged your phoned into a computer and backed up the phone to iTunes?

As for iCloud. Well it will be on iClouds server. Apple won't touch or look at anything unless you request them to restore the content. Nobody is hacking apple and even if they did. You're icloud user number 645156561. The sheer chances of looking for and finding you is unreal. Unless of course someone is looking for you, do you know anyone who could hack into apples system?

If you actually do iTunes backups then I might have more for you to do.
Thanks, someone said 7 and I was thinking about going hard on Gil snappers this weekend. 13 million meant I probably could get 2 7*'s come the release.3 Million is better. Thanks.
If you go out your way to buy the games at the same time I'd have to ask why?

I own some multiple copies of games. However that's because I needed to to play. I have all PS1 FF games. I have them on steam and some on steam. PS1 I don't play because I don't have a PS1 anymore, don't really know why I keep the games. I bought them way back when. Steam I have a few because I want to play them on PC and mobile because I used to have long commutes to work (one job was 3 hours of commuting a day). 

Really depends on your situation. Collection? OK I don't like collecting but I get other people enjoy it. My circumstance or similar. Otherwise I'm not sure why. Like buying on Steam and PS4 when they're both in the same room.
More a reminder than an announcement no? Good idea for normal story events or is there something more?


Supercite!?
I read recently it costs 7million gil to 7* a unit. Can't find info on that. Is this true?
Buying items from the secret chocobo shops. Check the wiki
If you keep using your phone for the next few days they will be anyway.

Honestly. I work in IT, I know about data recovery. I know the basics of how Jennifer Lawrences stuff got stolen and honestly. Unless you're a movie star and someone puts in a ton ton ton of real effort and risk they won't get it. And that's without you having deleted the photos. 

Honestly, take a breath. Have a drink and relax. You're safe.
This sounded to me like a new collab. Who knows.
There's nothing more that you can do. Someone *could* get their hands on your phone recently after you've done it and get them back but the need to be a real genuis at this stuff. Not some kid who'se kinda good with computer. Not a proffesional networking engineer. But a specialist with special hardware and software for manually recovering information from an iphones storage. And given time it can become impossible even for them. I know the basics but not how to do it.

Honestly, you're fine as long as you did what you did. Don't worry.
Are you Jenniffer Lawrence or a top A list celeb? The chances of this happening to just some person are incredibly incredibly low. 

You're fine.
You triple posted that. Suggests wifi issue.

FYI nothing you do on your PS4 will change WiFi. It's like buying a new cup to make the coffee better. You need to do other things.
Situational as usual.

These days for general builds I prefer a more rounded approach. UNless using a magic cover tank. More SPR needed. There's some good shields out now with SPR built on them.
What do you guys do on guys night?
Guy sounds off in the head. He likely didn't feel threatened at any point. Screaming at him would either threaten him directly or indirectly through others hearing. Definately the way to go.

But yeah a "normal" person would have realised the danger they were in of being caught and run off. This guy sounds mental.
Don't be afraid to make noise. Lots of noise. Lots and lots of noise. Pretend you're a cat trying to fend of another cat. Or a banshee in heat trying to attract other banshee's. 

If anything happens scream your lungs out and get anyone attention. They'll soon run. They might threaten to do something if you scream but what they're threatening you with is something they plan on doing anyway. So fucking give it your all!
No idea really, possibly?

I just know that I've always been bad at just hearing and listening and tkaing it all in. If I use it in some way I learn it. So hearing history lectures or reading about sedemtary rocks never helped me. But Taking an equation and putting it to use went in instantly. If I can apply something it goes right in.

Then I've known other people who can learn the first part, even if they don't understand it and can't apply it in any way.
If I knew the road I could *maybe* help more. Of course anonymity and all that so sorry I can't be of more help.
I still use all the units as intended. Kimahri is still trying to find a place but then he was doing that before. So it works brilliantly. No longer do I have to bring in Yuna to smack stuff with her staff just for experience. It's super nice. Everyone gets a turn (but Kimahri).
Basically means you don't have to swap people in (specifically Yuna) and out just for experience. So if you don't need to heal, you don't have to bring in Yuna just to smack an elemental. You can just kill it with Lulu and still get the AP.

The new version is really nice. I like the music, looks great. Other than that  I've not seen any changes (or utilised them).
First tell the police. This person may have failed to attack you but he may have attacked others, may attack more and the police may be looking for them.

Letting them know may help them find someone.

As for staying safe. A rape alarm or whistle is a good idea. Pepper spray as someone suggested. Think of your route, is there a sager route? Even if it is longer?
First time I've played it in years. I'm a fairly new faucet and it gives the dynamics of the team a lot more meaning. Especially from Lulu. Really looking forward to it. 

Oh and I'm using an ap all mod which is awesome.
~~Well fuck you~~ glad we cleared that up without any kind of argument
My bad.
Who'se that pokemon!?
You say that now but when you're stood in a room and someone asks for $700,000,000 I bet you'd think reconsider. Although that's the business worth. It's not his paycheck.

Plus it's not just about the money. It's about the company and the people working for you. How many of the people working for facebook were involved in it but would be hurt by the fuckups of some other CEO and his team? How many programmers working on facebook emojis lose their job when they did nothing wrong. Various office staff. Accountants, HR, Janitors, etc.

I think ideally you fire the people who fucked up. Save as much of the company as you can, put people in place to monitor this stuff, ensure everything is good and move on.
Cagnazzo does have better passives and mitigation. Should make up for equipment selection. Equip H Shield etc are good options. I use it on healers.
Different for different people. Some people can pick up a book and absorb everything in them.

Some people learn by best by listening.

I myself learn by doing. Doing and repeating is the best way to learn for me.
Time and Energy.
Mini Wilhelm. Cagnazzo is better but she can act between turns.

https://www.reddit.com/r/FFBraveExvius/wiki/units/850
Once used WoL at around 65% and it made a huge difference. Areanae fight (or however it's spelt. Haven't used Wilhelm but he tanks everything anyway so what the point.
Cagnazzo looks better. However Ozetta can act between turns which would be a huge boost in certain battle. She has an AoE regen (ayaka nullifies that). But stick pod or rikku's pouch on her and she gains good utility.
Tidus for ST. 

OK for AoE.
He didn't imply anything. Simply told you the reason for what happened.
I don't see her in the JP unit list. Is she useful?
I'm being brought back to this post. Can't see the unit.
Don't, I just started X again. I'm trying to block it out for now.
This sounds very JRPG but not very FF.
He didn't say that, at all in that sentence.
Mine says Camille
I doubt there's a relationship out there that's properly equal. People have different lines in what they want to do and what they're willing to let their partner not do. 

But yeah there's a line and if they're below that line it's an issue. You can't measure it and say I'm doing more. Well are you going to time each other? Some stuff is more effort but the same time. And some stuff is more effort but the same amount of work. Like I don't mind doing the dishes but I fucking hate ironing. If I put in 20 minutes of each I'd find the ironing much much much more work.
TOOT TOOT
His company has been taking data from his users and selling it to people.

Now whether he's been aware, who knows. Probably in some way at least.

The other thing is this isn't new. This has been happening long before facebook or even social media existed. Catalogue companies used to sell your data back when those were a popular thing. Googles been doing it for ages. Any free service makes it's money from this, advertising and targetted advertising too. 

However some stuff has been dodgy. Facebook has been reading peoples texts apparently and that's weird. Listening in on irl conversations too maybe.

I'd still be more inclined to say facebook is doing this more than Zuckerberg. Yes Zuckerberg is defending them but his Billion Dollar fortune is on the line here. I know I'd try to defend it, I'd still change it but I'd be defending it too to keep my billions.
Just say it. If you think our reaction is because you're creepy, weird or awkward it's not. It's because we've been raised to not compliment each other. We're men and we need to man up. We don't need to compliment each other and make each other feel good blah blah blah.

We can just be bad at taking them because we're not used to them.
Well as I said somewhere else I didn't realise the shrine was outside the house. It's common for people to do stuff *where* the person dies. Like on lamposts where car crashes were. But you that's really insensitive. 

Jokes and autocorrect aside. You know what I meant.
>but he said if I sleep with him that he would give me a chance.

That's manipulation. *some* might label it rape.

Don't be with a person like this. You shouldn't have to sleep with people to get them to like you. Leave this situation.

There's literally billions of men out there and we develop feelings for people across the course of our lives. Move on, let him be in the past. Maybe you'll feel sad but that's OK. It'll pass and you'll find someone else.
I usually get them a bit after11am GMT each day (was 10am before the clocks changed). It's currently 10:50 so I'm expecting them shortly if we're getting them.
If you have 3 don't merge. 4 will get you his STMR. Certainly not worth chasing.
To add on. I play Brave Exvius. It's a gacha game. I've been playing for around 1.5 years, completed all content (new stuff comes out weekly) and have spent £0.79 or 1,12USD.

They give out in game currency very generously amongst other stuff. Of course if you have issues with gambling stay away.
Not always. FFV for me is about the job system. I still "like" the characters but I play for the job system and building teams around different jobs. Gameplay is stronger than the story. Of course if the story was just outright bad I don't know if I'd play. Much like FFXIII where I liked the story and characters but the gameplay was so bad I stopped playing twice.
They're by far the outright victims no doubt. But to expect the parents of a guy to not be saddened by the loss of their child is a bit silly. Even if your kids were burglars you'd be distraught at them dying.
Good luck.

Oh and everybodies ultimate weapons and final limit breaks. You got Vincents.

btw you *can* miss some stuff. Some stuff you can dig up in bone village if you missed it but I'm not sure what. I've replayed this game so much I know where everything is.
Seymour. I have enough bonus units now so I'll stop pulling. Happy. Have answered the survey.
There's a variety os special chocobos but frankly it's too much guess work to not use a guide.   Chocobo breeding. You catch chocobos, use nuts to breed them and you get special coloured chocobos. They grant you access to areas you can't get to without the sub for special materia including the best summon materia, best spell in the game. Honestly though use a guide for that, guess work will take days of work, note taking etc. Each chocobo has a type. Wonderful, good etc. You can tell from if they're running in their animation in the chocobo farm (you rent slots in the stable to keep them). It's a whole thing. The right type with the right nut, mate them and them might produce the one you want. Some buts are bought some are stolen from certain enemies.

Also there's the hidden forrest near cosmo canyon after you beat ultimate weapon the final time. 

Ruby weapon under the gold saucer on world map

Emerald weapon floating around under the water. You may need a special materia though. Morph the pirateship in the underwater reactor in Junon. Give to a guy in Kalm and you get it.
He didn't deserve to die, come on. Pensioner paniced and defended himself. Totally fine, no fault. But do you think burglary deserves death? I don't.
I know and that's my point. I feel the people above were implying exactly that they shouldn't be arrested and bothered for defending themselves.
You should have included the anti european car bit in the other comment. What you said in that applies to both sides of the pond.
I've done it before and asked about payments. You can get name and date at the very least.

We got a payment from John Doe on the 14th of November
11 years and counting. Just the fact we get on really well. We both do selfless things for each other to make eachother happy.
Since it's for OPs account it should be possible.
You imply American cars are crap (which I don't disagree with) because those makes of cars are considered luxieries. Well those cars are considered luxuries here.

Certainly compared to your standard Astras or 208s
People know, it's still bad to us. Just because something is intentional doesn't make it good. Played it last night actually and passed this exact part. There's moments of that scene that **are** good. Yuna joining in just to make Tidus feel happy but urgh it's awkward. The others just standing around awkwardly while they do it.

Yes it's intentional but that doesn't subtract away from the fact that many many people simply disliked it. 

If you like it, great. But many of us don't. Intentional or not.
PC modders did some of that already.
Google customer services.
Depends which parts you buy and what you want. The more expensive you get the bigger the gap gets. RAM and High end graphics ares are not cheap anymore. But shop around and bargains can be found while still saving on cool towers, loads of disk space, decent processors etc.
>There's a reason you guys still consider Mercedes, BMW, Land Rover and Jaguars etc as premium makes no?

They aren't here?
Ah piece of the puzzle I was missing. Never mind.
I assume they're not British.
I more meant is the iMessage thing still happens. It's been like 7 years since I had to deal with it
Is this STILL an issue? Good lord.
Not sure you're getting downvoted. As a Brit this is a very sensible question.
Fucking thank you. I'm like, this building is in front of it so it's not forced perspective.
Sorry I'm sure there were 2 cutscenes at the cave. Maybe it was the other way round which you did already. Plane is cool. Food you find the chocobo she near the icicle Inn?
30 days have September...

Wed Nes Day

B E A Utiful
I feel anyone well off enough to get those containers probably pulls enough to get the units they want. But RNG is RNG. Genji Glove is awesome.
Shame about Cecil. That LB was godly back then. Meta (50%) buffing and to 3 stats at the same time to all units for 3 turns. That's like Enhanced Ramza level.
It needs no more because good and bad with the things are subjective. It's meant to be enjoyable, that's it. That's its job. If it is enjoyable then it's good at its job. If it is not it's bad at it. And it's different for each person.

And yes somebody could say 50 shades is good because they like it.

See people look for different things in movies, music and literature. What is good and what is bad is different to different people.

Wise you define as good many people will hate. You can say "well it was written with this style which complimented the theme set back in X and due to Y in the characters story arc it sets it all up and it's very good. Well that's fantastic. But the aim of movie is to be enjoyed and if you don't like it then it's bad to you. 

The aim is not to pass an exam by ticking all the boxes set out by some people.

It's too make people laugh, cry, feel happy, sad, guilty, remorseful, nostalgic, surprise people, shock, scare, horrify etc. That's their job. 
When it comes to what is good, you'll find people saying all sorts of different things. What you think is good will not be good to many others. Like the ending. I thought it was good, you did not.

The aim was to be enjoyable to the audience. I found it enjoyable thus to me it was good. To you it was not so to you it was not good.
The funny thing about stories is that you can be as objective as you like. But when it comes down to liking and disliking, it's subjective. I enjoyed the ending. You can give me reasons to why I shouldn't until you're blue in the face, but I still thought it was good.
The ending isn't *all* that bad. It could have been a lot better and considering the rest of the trilogy it should have been a lot better.

But it was still good. 
0 hours, 0 minutes and 0 second. I work for an it company.
No. Provoke overrides camo.
There
It's fine up and down. At one point it was indeed like a week. As I said in the bit you include in your quote, it depends on the market
I really really want to know why.
Yup. Dance of Death (status ailemts all) and dance of life (revive all) count too. And don't forget Analyze, that's the best bit!
Since they upped the buffs/debuffs to 4 turns there's no fixed rotation anymore. Some are combo locked however they are locked behind any of a heap of other abilities so you have a good choice of what you want the rotation to be. 

Neither abilities are locked but they aren't enhanced until unlocked. So it's not the end of the world if you break it.  8 of the spells unlocks them. Turn 1 you sacrafice something for turn two but as long as you stick with any of the 8 abilities the enhanced stuff is good.
Magic chaining and physical chaining is essentially the same thing.

Elemental chaining is physical and/or magical with the same element.

If someone else does a none elemental attack (magical or physical) in the middle it reset it.
Yes LGD has a higher encounter rate. The issue is ELT was too easy for people and would just get a solo unit and a whole bunch of unlevelled bonus units. That's a bit easy. So they made legend. They say because of the higher rate of bonus units it's more worthwhile. I'm just farming ELT because I'm lazy.
Oh I have seen that, I forgot it existed. Yeah that'll take time. You'll not get to do everything at once, you might as well order it in priority. Rather than throw a quick 7*'s up and think. Shit. I wish I'd done these units instead of those units. Now I have to farm gil and stuff to get more and I have a heap of units I don't *really* need just yet and I need these now.
Oof I've never been offered a year. I got offered 2 months recently and I was surprised. I've been with Vodafone, 3 and EE. Wifes been with 02 on top of that.
How do you know the owner isn't lying? You **have** to investigate what the truth is before allowing someone, who killed a person, to go free. 

If that wasn't the case I'd just invite people round to my house to murder them. Oh yes officer they were in my house trying to steal stuff so I killed them. Yup, don't need to investigate anything, goodbye.
You never used to be able to upgrade until like a week before contract expiry. It changes with the market.

Just try. It's not like the random person on the phone will force you to leave. If it gets to the point where you either leave or hang up, just hang up.
>which is

which is? You say that with certainty.
I don't think there's a best. They're all different. Once they're at 100% provoke/dodge they're as good as each other.

Ling is the AoE version of 9S

* Innate physical evasion (20%) - Ling is 40% (ling is better)

* Vast equipment selection (more evade equips) - what's the point on a dodge unit? Neither are damage dealers and DEF is pointless. So SPR builds which both are good. Small argument for elemental defence and any % buffs I guess. Generally though you don't need heavy armour on a dodge unit.  (9S just wins)

* On-demand -50% ST imperil (except Light & Dark) - lb 75% fire imperil (9S wins)

* On-demand -50% ST ATK/DEF and MAG/SPR break - On demand 45% AoE  (I think Ling just wins but probably neither tbh)

* Max LB: -54% ST ATK/DEF/MAG/SPR break. Inflict disease (100%). - On demand inflict disease, no full break with it though   and lb is meh (Hard to say. Ling is on demand but  9S is full break which you're maybe doing anyway?, draw)

* On-demand AoE universal mitigation (30%) - ditto  (draw)

Additional stuff

* AoE(except self) MP recovery - 9S doesn't do (ling wins)

* 75% camouflage - 9S doesn't do (ling wins but they're provoking so it doesn't count)

* Defbuffs last 4 turns giving an extra thing to do. - ling wins)

* Double lb fill rate and entrust (ling wins, this is a strong one)

* Cure all status ailments (ling wins)

* There's potential as a finisher though it's been a while since discussed. Not worth it probably (meh who cares)

* On demand AoE full elemental (35%) buff. 9S doesn't do (ling wins)

* Some counter abilities - Ling doesn't counter (9S wins)

I think Ling is better than 9S. However both are situational units. One will always be better than the other in certain fights and vice versa. I just think Ling has more content to be good for that 9S. Especially with breaks it's ST vs AoE
If you're going around the world how much access to data do you have? The free ones are online games and need to be online to work. Offline ones are paid.

/u/vmk_1991 mentioned Brave Exvius. I'd like to second that. It's a gacha game but it's a top notch one. I've spent almost nothing (less than a dollar) on the game and I've currently completed everything. New stuff comes out every week too.

If you need to be offline you'll need to pay for one of the main titles.

Didn't know that was the case, never heard of that. What's the rewards?

Even whales you see without huge amounts of Gil. It's 7 million per unit I believe. Then you need to level them too, got enough gigantaurs? Best you do the ones you need first.
They're different. There's only a handful of enemies Wilhelm will struggle to tank against. So while full dodge ling is an improvement it's not massively.

Ling is an amazing debuffer and MP battery. Wilhelm is a pretty good buffer and while he's not AoE cover his LB does a pretty good job of making up for it. Plus with his counters he's great at building the teams LB. His 7* is godly.