LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO dkm
April Fool's kinda too late 
Jesus Christ your fucking hot lol
so when is this happening? like the focus cap removal
The enemy scaling buff was pretty fucked up imo. It doesnt even feel right at all now focus farming is more of a grind then ever.
Did they buff the enemies in the regular sanctuary onslaught game mode? It feels like they harder to kill...
His face looks like my butt hole lol
I like how they highlighted the first and the last fixes for Sanctuary Onslaught Changes & Fixes lmfao.
Hey man to be honest here even though Sanctuary is suppose to be a focus farm change, keep in mind eventually if Sanctuary does successfully replace adaro after they nerf the focus gain from there, wouldnt it be a pain to farm focus at sanctuary since everyone would basically be fighting over who gets the most focus? At that point it would be just a big contest on who kills the most which imo is pretty shit way to farm cause your gains wont be as much
What the fuck did you expect?
The dude looking like he was on his roid rage lmfao
Took them this many years to be able to change a simple background; i guess coding it must of been a big struggle.
Lmao heard it from the man himself the Koreans in general take gaming just as serious as their exams. Everyone comes in tip top form and very well prepared.
THis post needs to hit front page so DE sees this.
Pretty much. Either make focus gain the same amount as syndicate standing gain's or remove the entire focus system as a whole. From what I recall one of the reddit users did some math calculations and it will take approximately about  9 years to unlock every focus node/tree. That's absolutely absurd and no one wants to grind years to unlock it.
wait....what?
why the fuck is kaisa's picture is aatrox? lmao
I wanna play with that sion lol
Incoming nerfs in 3..2..1.
Not surprised at all. The company needs a wake up call; paid to win or grind all day for the shit you need. Hope this DDOS teaches them a lesson.
My post would've went something along the lines of, "How League of Legends has disconnected my social life and my chances to get laid"
Damn and I thought it would go to game 5 with 100 theives performance lol
yup can tell from the hotel background lmao
Lmao you caught NAKyle with his pants down lol
lmao they running scared after cowsep wrote the thread; so they banned him lol.
Lmao
Lmao the forma...does that require you to build it or its already prebuild??
Too bad he didn't live up to the hype lmao
Steve says this every year lol
The real question is...HOW THE FUCK DO YOU HAVE SO MUCH KUVA?!?!
Pretty sure with the current events i don't see him performing as well as the playoff run. No one can focus like this if their mom got killed not just by anyone but by your own brother that you've known your whole life.
Excal prime.
He’s my cheese
He’s my life
Love
Still constantly telling myself not to get horny and find a prostitute to fuck. Thank you for the post; helped me keep my dick down. 
More like the region that pretty much acts like a garbage collector.
this shit gotta be some april fools joke. no way its true
Gotteeeeeee
"Im the best top laner" - Huni. If he was the best top laner why did SKT remove him from the roster lol? Clearly the guy has a big ego and can't accept the fact that other top laners like Smeb and Khan can play better and cleaner then he does. This series show cased alot about Huni's performance and people in NA still to this day say hes the best...lol. But then again it's NA; the region itself is pretty much a garbage collector.

#RealityDenial
"He needs some water"
I feel now with POV's arriving more and more backlash on the players/criticisms then it will ever be lmao.
8 hours? thats nothing i use to be even more crazy. woke up at 9 pm (yes 9 pm was when i woke up lol) ate while watching streams. then once im done eating i play alway the way till 1 or 2 pm the next day lol.
Well in al honestly getting free skin just means riot would be losing out in revenue. 
So many memes can’t count em all lol. 
Too bad Mesa doesn't always hit orange crits consistantly.
The future of LCS will be dominated by imports. Period.
Where is the #MeToo ?
"look at Zven's KDA"﻿ - Apollo. LMAO dude savage af.
This bitch was the longest frame to grind. Felt like each peice was 0.00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001% of getting on rotation C
Dont like it? Switch servers, or better yet dont play at all lol
TSM fanboys so butthurt to see their idolized team lose they had to make an analysis video of the situation LOL 

#TrueTSMFan

#NextWeldon
Lmao why the fuck are we back at this again? The shit hit the fan and caused Monte to lose his team and when everything was cooled down she randomly brings it back up again wanting to stir things up again.
Yup right on. Fuck the mods they're on their power trip trying to flex their muscles over others just because they have "more control".  
Its the fucking mods sometimes i wonder why they are even chosen for this role cause honestly they don't seem to always know what they are doing.
Wtf does WizFujiin even mean though? lol
lmao NA got too many TSM fan boys; their heart must of stopped beating when they see their "dream team" get denied out of the playoffs haha.
Hakuho + Febiven hard carrying CG to semi finals LOL
lmao NA got too many TSM fan boys; their heart must of stopped beating when they see their "dream team" going down 1-2 in score lol
Hakuho + Febiven hard carrying CG to semi-finals lmao
I don't get it...
OCD people be stop flipping tables.
Yup. Idk why riot even would have these kinds of events.
"Clout 9"

I SMELL THAT REVERSE SWEEP BOYS!
C9 more confused then my support..lmao
C9 more confused then my support..lol
I see that DE became its own country.
HEIL HITLER SIEG HIEL﻿
After reading the comment section I've became a fully certified doctor, analysts and trainer. I don't know now what I'd do without Reddit?
Hey man that's how people roll in NA
Lmao as ive said many times every year Riot's becoming more and more greedy. Hell sooner or later we will strictly be seeing only 1350 rp skins and up lol.
This post was the definition of TL;DR
Lmao the color palette are such a money grab. Gotta pay cash for in game colors lol what a joke and its not cheap either.
But jokes aside sad to see Lemon go. But hey he has a master degree in comp sci so there is that option if he wants to leave the esports scene. Wouldn't really mean much to him anyways.
Lmao Zig's had it coming. The dude is the worst toplaner in NA and those Zig's fan boys downvoting and sending me hate comments cause they can't accept reality lol.
Lmao and Riot thought they'll be fucking up the kog + varus meta. turns out it brings master yi top tier now lol. 

#PreparedForAnotherRework
You forgot to put "AMA" at the end of the post..
#TheWeldonSpecial
you must be jerking over his videos with that small ass wang of yours lmao.

"Hes also mentioned that the League community is very toxic" - pretty sure hes included with them as well lmao 

#MaxIrony
Too many bugs can't count em all
lmfao i can imagine a typical convo between cody and aphro be like "hey yo that ref is hot as fuck think she can take my dick?" then aphro replies "nah b your Asian its probably 3 inches haha"
thats nothing, i can do all that with my cock!
On the other news, im about to take a shit...with my pants on
watch as neither of those events actually happening lol
Should've renamed the title "Please help us debug our program because we can't afford to hire programmer's to do it"
Lmao and those NA fan boys wonder why NA never makes far at worlds vs the Asian teams..but hey! we got "next year" ;) lol
LOLLLLLLLL so true LOLOl NA region in general accepts all the "drop out" players. It's like that one class where you know you'll find all those stoners and pregnant girls lawl.
This series was the definition of outclass.
Post the color palettes used plzz lol
lmao preach the word
Bruh that would be fucking insane lol
Lmao perfect post. i still remember people telling me as adc that i shouldn't be focusing the tank. Im like nigga thats why adc's build last whisper cause your suppose to be the one hitting the tank. If im not going to deal damage to the tank who will? The support soraka? LOL
LOL WUT?
More like a rework
Now we getting into some hentai shit LOL
He be like "nigga we made it!!"
Two plus two is four, minus one that's three..qik maffs
Bruh...lol
Man every time i see buffs for adc every pro jumps the bandwagon then riot ends up doing more nerfs then buffs on the same champ lol. 
Its fucking garb after the charm nerfs. Move on and wait till pets 2.0 comes out
doggy style in space
Turn down the volume
Zig always played like garbage..
Looking like The Judge
The fuck is with the 500 range? You niggas fried? Lmao
Somehow talking about political shit in Korea is somehow a big enough event that can can get you kicked off. So much for freedom of speech and a “democratic” Korea lol. 
The fuck is that guy eating LMAO
I wanna be toxic right now but i cant cause zyra is taking over
Kogmaw be like welcome to the 500 range club LMAO
I really need some pussy on my dick; been hungry for one since the last time i smashed that prostitute .

come shot
Not as annoying as watching ka'sai spotting in every single game
League of nerd time.
Hey man wake up Riot raising prices on skins as usual to increase their annual revenue. If you havent noticed the 975 rp skins tier skins (which was the avg price for skins back few seasons ago) are now bumped up in prices with 1350 rp skins replacing them. Now 1350 rp is the new "975 rp" skin price.
Both games he made Untara look like he was pre 30 lmao.
Cause the skin is way too over priced and honestly its more of a money grab to begin with.
Its more of jg and top lane are the big problems. As long as skt keep those players they aren't even going to compete against top teams like KZ or KT. Once that gets patched up then we will finally see a good game from them; as of now faker might as well be looking for a team in China lol.
That hook shot prediction onto the jax ward jump was complete outplay lmao. gotta see untara's face cam reaction though he probably be flippin tables LOL.
Best skin for Sivir thus far. Period.
Lmao people with OCD be flippin tables over this haha
Lmao people with OCD going to be flippin tables over this haha
Lmao more evidence that the "project vayne" style skins are whipping up in sales.
All that hard work to prove LoneSome was trolling in game lol. #PaidByIWD ??
Kai'sa spotting here we come!
im glad damage 3.0 is coming out.
looks like the face morty makes when something got awkward in the show rick and morty; you will know what i mean if you watch the show lol.
the gay part is you gotta do it with clan mates but hey who's got clan mates that available to grind through it with you!?
I can relate to that. Most of the people i play with in season 3-5 are pretty much have "moved on". People grow out of things and for me and the people i use to play with we basically grew out of it and moved on. I don't play the same amount of games i use to around like 15-18 games per day; now its either 1-2 or none. People get burned out or like myself have other priorities then 'play league 24/7".
lmao and people were all hyped up about overwatch overtaking league...lol
Every time Riot Repertoir reaches out to nerf an item the guy over fucks its up big time. I still remember this was the same guy who clapped qss and removed its ability to remove debuffs completely which was a huge change. I'm ready to watch as he completely dick shielding and healing as well.
I guess SKT must be smarter then Einstein
can you imagine if he had arcane avenger?? lol
CASH MUNNIEE..cof
LMAO

sad to see how the bot lane on ksv duo'ed and climbed all the way to top 10 but still couldn't pull it out in professional game. Goes to show how little of an impact ranking in rank is and how it translates to competitive play.
Only hire weldon when desperation calls lol
Lmfao the guy should rename himself to "Bong"
Finally icons are worth 1 rp each lol
Lmfaoo dkmm
Post approved by Hashinshin
Lmao wildturtle looks completely out of form. He might as well find himself another job or join an academy team since hes putting in no effort into the game. The dudes looks like hes sleeping on his job since he left TSM.
People find almost everything arousing these days..
It's all about the paycheck my friend. If SKT isn't even going to give him the money he wants im pretty sure he would've been coaching in China by now lmao.
riot was so caught up with the relic shield + overshield meta they gotta design a champ with thicc shield LOL
*YAWN*
but i still get Operation Chimera game for the zombie mode though?
im pretty new to the rainbow six game first time posting here, im just curious got a few questions so how do i get Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege: Operation Chimera game? If i get the starter edition can i still get that? Is it a DLC or is it just a game mode we can play for free if we get the game?
Instead of vayne spotting we will get Kai'sa spotting lol
After looking at this scheme it felt like i saw the whole world lol..
Im pretty sure Riot is reworking the rune regardless nice post though upvote for the research knowledge.
Hey word here is, "back then" lol savage
Why are people still giving this guy attention? The more attention he draws from the community the more he complaints..its going to be like a never ending cycle.
Basically. The games has way too many players like him so with the average players who act like him they are supporting him in a way by up voting his bitching every week and hes getting a shit ton of attention. If i was Riot i would've just ignored him completely.
Lmao first he says NALCS is trash in the interview with Travis, then now he says he wants to show how strong NA is as a region..lol 

#MaxIrony
Pretty much this. after all i dont see why he should come out anyways the dude is still getting paid to sit his ass to climb regular solo q in which we all know hes good at lol i mean anyone will take that.
LMAOOO dkm that titled killed me
#MaxIrony lol
People smurf simply because they want to avoid playing harder plays; to improve and climb higher. Check out that gosu guy the dudes been struggling to get to challenger ever since he started and even when he did he would be sitting at the last quarter of the challenger ladder hanging by a thread before getting knocked back down to masters lol. Not only that, the guy duo's with pros just to climb to challenger (what an embarrassment for a player thats been playing since s1).
lmao dkm im pretty sure the pros dont care about the fantasy points. After all their career is determined around the performance on stage
Thought this post was about an actual double exp weekend..until i read the comments lol
Im glad castes are moving away from what Riot's doing. Having such tight control over the employees is such bs as mentioned by Monte. Freelance is the way to go since your not going to be restricted af to the shity payment your receiving from riot.
Wish your post got upvotes more but the honest truth is; never going to happen again lol. Riot has already decided to go ahead with the team play style.
LMAOOOOOOO Riot balance team be trolling or what?
And i still see people with the highest mastery on the champion play like shit. Just because you got the highest mastery on the champion that doesn't truly mean your going to perform like Faker on it.
"Just NALCS is bad.." - Huni he speaks the truth you know. No clue why people in NA cant accept it. Reminds me of that reality denial video where Sion is just denying over and over again that hes shit lol.
my balls are my cousins too
Lmao ofc hes going to say he loves tsm im pretty sure he wants to keep his job a bit longer.
are those skins limited? or its permanent in the shop?
Lmfao dkm I swear to god riots balance team is just piggy backing on reddit info. I remember reading a kog maw post earlier today and it talked about how the nerf killed his winrate as well as some math of how much damage it reduces lol...

Edit: ah yes this post lmao: https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/7wx0fz/kog_maw_went_from_1st_winrate_adc_to_last_in_one/
Wait how would that work lmao
Lmao agree
Lmao wtf are they doing this? Before was perrectly fine...
FInally we back to crit. no more bork + cleaver nonsense.
There's always an excuses for each lvl of play ay?
No! Im that Fiora!
Damn the dude lookin like a sith lord with that force pull shit LOL
Lmao if you don't like the changes then don't play. Simple
Golden rule as an adc: 1) never flash/dash into enemy team 2) never face check a bush.
Glad to see that dirty skid get fired. Dude needs to wash up and remove those faggot ear stretchers  
missed his videos, wished he came back to league.
That depends on the individuals definition. 
Well keep in mind that majority of league players are "casual" players. Not alot of people really care about the details or going the extra mile.
Yup, the whole point of the alistar nerfs was he that couldnt just sit in lane and spam his heal 27/7.
The real question is, is Blank even practicing or is he playing PUBG all day?
Let me say it here, 2017 WILL be Fakers last championship.
no gf for me either so i see escorts regularly to please my buddy down there
alright reddit time to snake out people and get em banned.
Im ready SKT throw the towel in desperation to buy marin lol
Ha not surprised to see that dirty skid get fired.
The minions blocked the last bullet
So much numbers & stats it feels like math class again
Am I high or is this shit playing at like 5fps lmao
Forget the Yasuo I’ll play the bathe spotting game and gain my question mark pings there lol
No the worst part is that co op vs AI is now filled with bot accounts. Anyone who plays it will know what I mean lmao
LMFAO peanut just takes off his headset and takes off his glasses, he be like "alright boys, time for dinner!" LOL
more like working on how to maximize revenue. 
Next nerf after kog will be Varus. Then trist. But they still leave haven’t fix the problem with Zoe...
Lmaoooo Riot busy nerfing adc's while they still ignore the fact Zoe is more broken then klepto ez and kailsta
im pretty sure they will look at them in up coming patches. its not like riot is not noticing them..
Lmao couldnt prove himself in Korea so gotta come to NA
what did they nerf on mesa?
DICKSHIT
DE balance team is just as confused as their programming team on fixing bugs.
Lmao finally someone agrees with me. SO many people just copy and pasting pros and have no clue what hey are doing and the worst part is they watch LCS without looking at the patch they are currently playing in. eh its human psychology no different from kids at school copying off of the smart guys answers and then saying they did that work lol
Putting Kalista to the trash can real quick
It’s all about dat crit my man. 
Please upvote this post~~~~~~!!
Because no one watches LCK or LPL duh. They've been doing it since day 1 LOL.
Didn't bother reading just went straight to the comment section then i press the back button.
*Cough* Gosu *Cough*
Wukong looking good sitting on the bench; just like what's going to happen to his team.
because that's the next best thing they can go to lol
It’s more of a fast push strategy where you tp back to lane and keep on shoving eventually out push the enemy. I don’t really recommend this for solo q since this is more geared towards competitive play. You better off using press the attack precision tree instead. And for all those people who’s going to say “oh well the pros did it this, so should I” that is infact wrong and ignorant. The pros are all PRACTICING for competitive so of course they are going with the competitive meta. 
Lmao he should retired just by his attitude towards his teammates. The guy looks at himself as uzi's equal but has never proven himself even worth to that comparison. Not only did he have a high ego his continuous blame on his teammates and the coaches and staff members was complete bs. Players like these no team is going to have since he is so difficult to work with and this goes with any job out there; can't work with people/coworkers you're not going to get hire anytime soon.
Mord's third auto attack with one of his abilities activated; the on hit one where the sound of the hammer smashing agianst your skull
What does it take to be able to join a pro team?
I’m not so sure about the fleet footwork for jog. Since the healing scales with crit and kog as we know don’t build crit till late game. The avg build for kog is the rage blade, wits end, hurricane and Bork. Until late game then you build IE. so I think in his suituayion going leathal tempo but keeping the overhead + relic shield start is optimal. After all your main dmg output is %max health dmg not crit (until late game )
“If you are better you will climb anyways” - so true statement. I see so many people bitching about how they can’t climb because players from other regions migrated into the region server. Lmao more excuses to blame why they can’t climb. 
I hope the performance is just as good as it is now
staying up just to watch this lol
More like, "The Grind"
Not to sure if Riot's intentions for the emotes are for BM or actual teamwork lmao. I mean other then the thumbs up and a few others i can think the rest looks pretty BM to me IMO.
I think personally Aphro is a very strong consistent support however like any other job you need to step up and prove yourself you're worthy of that raise. I personally didn't think he was at "that level" of play in the 2017 season to ask for a raise thus I think it was better for both parties to go their separate ways.
Pretty sure those were the only 4 wards placed in entire the game.
Boring, move on.
Lmao and nothing about the relic shield adc's at bot lane??
Good reflection.
But if you think about it the 9% + 65 health is not much of a fix. regular percision + domination + the relic cheese will still reign superior since your still keeping 18%.
100% agree with you. Riot going for the typical business model of "increased prices; reduce quality".
I'm not too sure about the Precision + resolve tree. I get what Riot is doing and I 100% agree with the 65 health but reducing attack speed to 9% is basically a death sentence for adc's. Even back when we had runes majority of adc pages had about 13.5% attack speed and that was consider "average". I would say reduce it to around 13% is perfectly fine; even 12% is ok but 9% is way too little.
I'm pretty sure general populous on reddit are pretty challenged to understand the difference.
Neither, Uzi's the best.
Lmao im glad to see a pro player agree with my point of view.
More like he's pretty burn't out from playing league.
it fucking lags me out evertime
Not sure why he would lower himself to an academy team lol. The guy is a world champion but decides to play on an academy team. So sad to see this but hey at least the players he's going to be facing in lane would be complete trash anyways so it would be a easy laning phase plus the paycheck is going to be much fatter then his teammates so might as well opt into it lol.
And today I played a game with myself...
SKT no longer the "God tier" team.
Lmao even if they did make it it will be a targeted location by terrorist bombings hahaha.
No because it would be a complete waste of all the rioter's who worked on that specific champion and not only that they would've lost so much money on the skin sales as well for that champion; not to even consider the employee's wage during the creation/design.
Uzi and Faker. Different role's; both have innate "champion's mentality" as in they see the game differently/ have a different approach to the game when they play vs other plays in their respected role.
Lmao why do you care if Tyler1 is able to play or not?
Those tits*
Bottom line: you can't please everyone.
Money talks dude.
Another bug another dollar.
first he said retire now swap roles lol the guy sounds pretty lost.
Lmao MrRallez as their starting adc; and people were hyping up about him joining the official roster LOL
beating my meat to it yeah.
Wont be much people watching since the net neutrality thing is happening lol
Cowseps wetdream
LMAOOO DKM the crowd looks soo confused lol
I honestly don't think the problem with Ezreal is the attack speed; its more of klepto is the bigger issue.
Anyone know how to get rid of dust on the lens? As in inside the lens.
Lmao i would love to have a prediction app to predict whether or not the girl i texted to will respond back.
Grade 3 English is hard.
Riot Games - type of guys who would slap their own ass while fucking.﻿
I still remember mines and the week of when i first started lol.
I wouldn't call it "back into form". We will have to take alook at his performance when he plays the official games on stage.
Link to vid? Shit looks hot af
No shit they all coming to NA. Region offers better pay + the NA vibe is more slack/chill/laid back then any other region so the players get best of both worlds. Look how Piglet turned out lol. Back when he was on Korea the dude got the nickname "the practice worm" comes to NA and gets sub'ed in by Keith lol. After all those years staying in the NALCS the dude turned into an unmotivated washed up player that needs a good slap from Kkoma himself as a wake up call.
Jake paulers.
Yeah i really dont know what Riot is doing with the mastery 6-7. It almost feels like one of those things where its "pay to win" situation where you have to "pay" inorder to upgrade. And since you cant freely get BE, your more tempted to use RP to pay your way through. Same situation with orange essences.
Im glad i did my focus farm before all the rework lmao
More like he isn't going to suck any off other then Mithy...aww how cute!
*cough* "gosu" *cough*
Lol I'm glad someone agrees with me.
But Bjerg also picked a bad match up as well since Ryze starts to turn on once he gets his items since he isn't an early game champ vs Kalista which is design to be dominant in the early - mid game.
You got an IQ equivalent to a fucking donkey lmao.
Couldve encounter to have a blaCk baby
Uzi's lazer focus face says it all.
And riot says "lets buff zoe"
Then don't watch it lol..
Im glad Echo fox removed Keith. The guy looks so unmotivated to play the game or even improve.
Looks like the vacation to Disneyland didn't pay off..
Those shouldn't even be called "nerfs" lol.
Hello balance team? Where is the Zoe nerfs?!?
Lmao and Riot still treating Zoe like she not even OP at all...so call by meddler saying "the riot balance team is in diamond elo"... lol more like bronze players with bronze level balancing.
thanks dad
There is a reason why they are in in the wildcard teams
Lmao i still remember people down voting my comment when i said zoe is op. clearly some pre 30 players with limited game knowledge and experience. 
We gucci
Wouldn't it just be better to uncap it? Since you don't really have to be "bounded". What is the difference anyway?
I hope you guys can make all the skill keys be rebinded. I dont have my qwer on qwer and i want to config it to other keys. Please give us more options to rebind the keys.
Pretty sure the two guys were gay for each other lmao.
And in the post i posted that zoe is broken and dem redditors down voted my comment. Lmao
No it's not wrong because Kkoma was giving him chances to carry at top lane and even the casters all said SKT was playing around top lane. Kkoma gave Huni many chance and even gave him the Yasuo pick against cuvee (and Cuvee even admitted that this was SKT's "special" pick/"final card" in the interview with sjokz) and hoped to carry but it was a disaster. After all that you really think Kkoma will still keep him on the team? If you watch the episodes at worlds where they show you what the coaches are talking to the players at the back after each game you will see Kkoma tell huni again and again to stop dying and "fucking up". 

Nevertheless, there was no other top laner to sub in because they brought in Peanut/Blank and iirc there was a rule on the amount of subs you can bring in. Not only that Untaraa was way to inexperienced VS other top laners at worlds since majority of them are veterans. Huni did not live up to his promises and he always wanted to be on SKT (as he said in numerous interviews back when he was in NA) so this time SKT **DID** give him the chance and he blew it. That's no different then you going to an interview, telling them you got this experience and that experience and  how by hiring you, you will bring prosperity to the company and other b.s lol. Then when the time comes for you to perform your job you don't know what to do and have your buddy/co-worker do it for you. Lmao that's basically what happened to Huni he couldn't carry for shit at top and Faker had to work 3x as hard to clean up his mess and that of bot lanes...lol 

So ya, please get off of Huni's dick and start opening your eyes and look at the bigger picture; hence coming to NA is probably his best move cause where he's going to go? China? Lmao.
Lmao the guys a fucking joke talks so valiantly about wanting to join SKT and promises that he will carry as hard as Marin did but fails to do so at worlds. Good thing Kkoma identified the problem early and got rid of him off the team; he would be dead weight on the team for another season. Might as well stay in NA since the region is for the outcast's.
video link?
A disappointing commitment.
LOL
Lmao and Riot still buffing her...
Pretty good scaling item.
Positive? Lmao they didn't talk about how the game is still in beta and the game is bugged af.
why buff zoe? Shes broken af atm...
In terms of comparison Top lane I would say Hauntzer performed better then Impact did. Jungle I would give it to M.Y in terms of sheer mechanics but if you talk about in game experience it would be Xmithie. Midlane I would say Bjergsen is the better mid and for bot i would say TSM's bot lane due to the facts that DL would have to start from scratch duo'ing with olleh and zven and mithy have been with each other for the entire 2017 split.
Aphromoo finally left CLG.
why is Huhi still on the team?? lmao i felt like he was the source of their problems during the playoffs.
and at that moment PraY knew Peanut wanted to fuck.
Picture Perfect.
Then prove it lol.
STFU mate
looks like someones rattled from getting fired LOL
how do you know we might not get mesa prime this year??
Here comes Marin!
Why do you care where hes going?
Healed up from all those herpes sores
Lmao I'm ready to hear the typical Forgiven at the end of the split of saying how shit his support is and how the team didnt play around him and he was the best player on the team. Oh and the regular "I'm going to retire now" speech.
It should sound more like, "Hey gang this is a chart for you guys to see the progress of your grind! But don't worry if you guys want quick blue essence/orange essence you can buy or chest in store so we can take more money out of your pockets!"
New players rather build the typical "carry" support build instead; hard change their ignorance.
There's nothing here to link to...
Time to drop Keith is a  really good idea the guy has been under performing for as long as I can remember. Refused to improved since his debut on Liquid.
Anal + big load + big kiss at the end; every guys dream scene right here.
LOLL i always thought it was a graphics issue for me. Does it also happen before some big ass team fight as well??
Alright....WHAT??
That's how business is run in todays society; take a good look at Apple; $1000 iphone X but still needs the customer to spend over another $100 to buy a faster charger + special cable just to "enjoy" one of the built in features on the phone..LOL.
Cut the sweet talk dude the community knows its all about the company revenue. Well known teams investing in Riot = bigger opportunity of sucking in more players = more people buying skins = $$. Typical business scheme/procedures lol.
Invest in teams that can create a better revenue first by inviting well known sports teams to create a bigger fan base which = more $$. Simple.
Not surprised considering how shit the jungle position was.
Improved my ass the dudes mentality never changes. It's the NA vibe and culture #BayLife
respeck*
"Same shit, different year."
You mean echo fox about to cut that Keith off the team? Lol
So far what did we learn about preseason? lethality is king (RIP ADC's), Immortals disbanded and pro players breathing and sweating hard like they about to go into a job interview hoping to see if they didn't get removed off the team's roster.
I feel bad for him yo lol
Lmao skt marin ;)
you mean Keith.
More ways for DE to money grab.
you mean 75% off
LMAO yeah honestly need a switch at bot lane. I bet all the NA fans be out crying for DL. I think his time has come to an end time to step aside and let others take his spot his performance at worlds was atrocious as a veteran player hell he's been playing longer then UZI has and UZI was level's above him LMAO.
gotta reforma everything now since we got that prime fever strike...FUCK!
LMAO that some Easter egg ay DE?
NOT UNTIL I BLOW MY LOAD ON YOU~!~
Damnn that was like a big ass load lmao. Did it felt as great as those big spurts?? For me the slower dribbles are the most intense ones compare the big shotgun ones.
I fucking love banging women.
23 with an escort girl.
Im ready to see dom's "Cut the western shit" series talk about fakers wintrading.
whyyy
Yeah it was no surprise the whole orange essence was a nerf due to revenue purposes.
Of course its going to be one of the top. They accept programmers of any level which is why we are getting consistent bugs; hell games not even out of beta yet!
More like the wrong hole.
No one cares
*small*
Lmao the most defensive adc build path dkm.
But is he good as faker?? ;)
Oh and yeah your 100% right about the cringy shitpost lol those random drawings by my "gf", my "sister" or random anime crap in relations with league always hit top post; fucking weebs.
Perfectly said about the reddit community. Give gold.
Lmao idk why reddit is feeling sorry for him when the reddit communities are the ones who upvoted the post to get him up on the front page which denied him from scouting grounds; this some hypocritical shit lol.
Don't forget a nice knitted warm beanie for the antennas!
R.I.P for people who live in Canada.
wow i see what they did there.
quik maffs*
gl with clean up lol
lmaoo i always thought diet had a contribution.
Money grab. They just want you to buy the skins straight up.
Wow that's insane man I always wish I can shoot that much. One last question, do you think its maybe something you eat? I've been doing a lot of reading trying to figure out how to burst that much.
Damnn thats a big load how do you even shoot that much ??
damnn son what did you eat lol tell me the secret??
assassin/leathality is king.
This is what happens when a company starts making more money and the greed fills their hearts; now the only thing they think is $$$.
How do we vote for other regions?
Why build Ardent Censer late? If you read patch 7.21 it states, ATTACK SPEED BUFF 20-35% ⇒ 10-30%
ON-HIT MAGIC DAMAGE BUFF 20-35 ⇒ 5-20

They nerfed it late game as well...so there is nothing to gain to build it late to begin with.
The best drawing I can draw is a giant vainly cock. 
sjokz is butt ugly; she looks like shes 15+ years older then her current age lmao
nigga probably going to pull an all nighter on this one.
Paying Homage to wildturtle.
More viewers = more people playing league = increase cost of skins = $$$$$$$ = profit??
Where is the Keith and Cody Sun appreciation thread? Come on they are one of the best adc's in NA!
Woah damn thats insane dude lol
its been like 3 years so no
Go down to bronze and pre 30's; you'll see him there.
Looks like it felt great
And it's all shit
Probably. He didn't seem confident enough to pull her out even though I've watched him play in solo q

cuz man's not hot.
quik maffs*
Funny how uzi never played xayah at all..even though skt gave them the rakan.
This is what I do when my support forgets to shield me.
Better then me. I don't even have a gf lol
looks more like a cock ring.
-3AD
Hmm good inspiration for me to go call that escort girl I had in mind.
What are those red spots on her face? lol that STD's?
Lmao what a lie.
Respect those Keith and Cody Sun appreciation threads.
Im ready for all those Cody Sun and Keith fan boys to lash out at this post in 3..2..1.
Try calling an escort, that's what I've been doing lately.
Lmao 4 tanks and 1 adc and he still decides to buy a GA. I guess he must be afraid of getting dicked by uzi lmao.
I cant seem to get this even though i brought it from the market...
Yeah we can see where Riot wants to go with their game lol.
Only weapons right? Does it affect abilities as well?

Hey so for the Madurai the buff that increase physical damage and elemental damage, when it says increase physical damage do they mean melee or ranged weapons? Or does it mean warframe abilities?
Honestly LZ looked so disconnected from each other. Either 1) BDD and Cuzz was so nervous since it is true it's their first world that they completely fucked up 2) Khan's limited champion pool is finally exploited by banning out all of his carry toplane picks such as the Jayce + Jax; because lets put it, he can't play tank toplaners 4) LZ didn't show enough respect to Samsung and did not come with a prepared game plan. Regardless, we all can admit that LZ did not play like they usually do during finals vs SKT or week 1 + 2 of group stages.
Is duration really necessary though? like lets say its around 15 second or more that is enough right? And also, is this called spore saryn or miasma saryn?
What's the difference between your config A and config B on Saryn prime? Which one do you use to nuke the entire room?
What? Doublelift dodging all the blame? I'm pretty sure Doublelift is getting his fair share of the blame as well. You should go watch Thorin's thoughts on TSM.
R.I.P all melee team we will miss you.
Nothing to see here. Just dusting off my pubic hairs.
Ready to get those jackets dude.
Yup and idk why this post is even hitting top page. If regi actually fired parth, then that means reddit itself has total control of the tsm organization.
lol wat r people saying aboout parth?
LOL the roast on cody sun...i see what you did there lol
Never used one that's all not too sure what it does either.
solid
Whats the purpose of the cock ring?
This is why I solo lol.
Cause he's the MVP that's why the casters are afraid to criticize him.
soo uh source?
No the real update is the ayatan star drop indicator; rip free gobal indicators lol
Help a brother out; what did you even eat to shoot that much lmao!
Ofc not gucci when the designers are copy and pasting overwatch.
Ima come here and fuck all these bitches
fucking weebs
It's ok man the game is still in beta.
Is this the legit iPhone X or another china made bootleg iPhone X?
The dude trying to defend his shitty region with patriotic zeal. It's ok, it's a human psychological response to blame others; this affect can be witness in your typical games.
Hey man its a paid to win game.
Learn how to do sortie spy missions.
Thanks Dad!
Lmao bans the Jayce out of respect lolool
[All] SKT Faker (Cassiopeia): ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ I put your ass on that Korean BBQ grill bitch! LOL
Not surprised since the LPL is all about team fighting over strategy which is what they do on WWE; more fighting over strategy.
You forgot about ardent.
It's not that its all part of a business monopoly 
I'm ready to hear the typical starter line of. "Hey guys, psychologist here..."
eating all those sugar chicken at panda express
Stixxay any tips if you want to go pro?
This is what happens when I visit an escort girl.
Lmao typical responses these days.
What do you mean by, "It's very clear this is a change for money"?
Reddit is that one kid that bitches about everything.
The weeb community intensifies.
Thanks for the info dad.
Of course money is first lol. Look at whats happening at the skins department.
source?
how the fuck do you squirt like that lol whats the secret?
whats the scene called? and the girls?
Oh shit.
Hey man you gotta be honest with me..how do you even shoot that much cum lol. What do you even eat?!?! LOL
Lol idk why this is even on here. The guy literally dribbled like a pussy the entire duration.
LOL what?! Nobody is that stupid enough to pay $145 for in-game contents for a game that is still in beta lmao.
That's the price it should be at.
"He who roams is free" - Anonymous
source?
what color was the gold? Anyone know? Been looking for it all over the reddit and google cant find the exact color...
Lol these are like some troll missions I swear to God.
bangbros.com
And when people get there they're going to be those shady Chinese guys selling bootleg Riot products lol.
Spot on; all those wannabes be going ham.
Hey Katana so I can still use the emote after worlds ends correct? Or is it only during the worlds events?
faker then your moms tits
Lol guy who created this put Faker and Berj as equals @ 2:21﻿ ...untrue period.
Love me some Regi.
weeeeeeebooooooooooo
The funny part is, they even censored a cartoon penis LOL
iwilldominate because he didn't dominate anything at all he was just shit.
Lmao so true. I remember i was about to gank mid lane and our mid laner told me to "fuck off and let me have an honorable fight"... LOLLL DKM
No because i dont think they would be making any $$ from it.
90% chance I'm going to take a shit tonight, 50% chance i might fuck this escort girl I've been wanting to see for the last 4 months. 10% chance I might not get STD's.
If a minion dies your IQ will slowly drop till your pre 30
If Fnatic win's...I will eat dinner.
Should've used that hidden secret during finals.
Lol this post reminds me of that one spoiled kid that would go cry to their parents to get the latest iPhone.
Well it doesn't really matter. I just focus on my own play and make sure I'm not playing garbage that's about it. No need. Point fingers at anyone
Well it doesn't really matter. I just focus on my own play and make sure I'm not playing garbage that's about it. No need. Point fingers at anyone
It was too STRESSFUL to bear with the shitty region...that's why he left.
Just...don't go to public lmao.
Lol you guys got nothing to do but instead find pro players accounts for shits lol
Because he has the most experience
With those new armor set it makes your warframe look like a fucking transformer LMAO
Lmao i died when the casters were like C9 Jack booked the flight to Korea and they are leaving tonight to do bootcamp training with the korean teams lmao its like as if Jack knew the outcome before the games even began dkm.
Lmao forgiven with the salt as usual. Guy claims to be one of the best and infact he said he was equally as good as uzi back when he was still playing professionally...lol the guys a complete joke. I'm glad no team wants him cause he'll start bitching about how shitty his teammates are and how bad his supports are..
you mean buy it now? then dischant it when preseason come?
Looks like that dreams been crushed lol
Gotta keep the cash flow.
Rather then looking at a pair of real thighs lets look at some cartoon thighs...
Lmao I miss the old q + leathality. 1 fully charged 1 and snipe the guy down to half health already lol
Accurate.
Lmao next thing u know gosu wil be added to the roster lol
squaddddddddddddddddd
Can you imagine if he drew his cock...
Yeah...lol
Ok but what is the best place to farm for credits? You left that part out. 
You mean the whole riven system is unreasonable. DE tried to make garbage tier weapons viable for "end game play" but instead you get a shit storm like this; This be worst then hurricane Harvey. 
So uhh how do we get this Ashe skin again?? Lol
Lol cody sun clearly has positional error that can be seen in this series. Guy is the weakest link on the team and when they get to worlds its going be a huge gap vs other adc. It will be like a complete replay of the game at worlds last year where uzi destroyed kobbe on his ezreal lmao.
That's like saying i'm going to put 110% effort!...lol no man
That wouldn't even make sense dude how  can u get 110% status chance? lol
The worst ive blew my money on was an escort girl; ended up getting an infection after :S
I brought about 10 capsules worth almost 90$ CAD i got DJ sona from one of the loot boxes not the capsules lol irony. Got 3 or 4 legendary skins as well.
That reverse sweep LMFAO
Simple; they want u to grind. #Grindframe
Another reason for why Riot is turning into a money grabbing busines. The more money they make the greedier they get. 
Nah thats not going to happen lol business is business.
Why does bio look like he's more jacked then irl? lol
You have insec with his revolutionary "insec" kick now we got our next revolutionary mechanic called the "Anjelly" as shown here in the video; truly we all can say, a small step for man but a giant leap for mankind.
Lmao I feel like reddit is like that one kid that snitches on people over the smallest things.
Lmao when it comes to the time of giving out MVP's everyone's pulling on each other's tail just like watching employees sucking their managers dicks for a promotion.
Buffing and nerfing champions seems like it some sort of checker game with Riot balance team. Basically throwing out changes of what THEY want to see at worlds and what their balance team wants to have played at the world stage instead of giving players and teams a free choice of "diversity" throughout the game as they have been talking about for the past seasons lol
Biggest fucking scam I've heard. Next thing you know rewards for runes and rune pages would probably be something along the lines of "Pay rp for the extra content..but if you don't, its ok! we'll just give you an icon ;)"
khan for mvp. the dude should be the only one to lift that cup dude hard carry the team to victory.
Lmao I get them whenever I log in
Ok? Chill dude don't get so edgy just because they haven't update it that quickly lol. Your like one of those guys that get freaked out if your buddy doesn't respond to your text in the next 5 seconds lol. 
Just practice all the meta pick champion's. Don't main one champion. Why? Because you wanna be able to play any champion just as good as your main champion. Also watch how pro's play on that one champ you should analysis how they play and compare it to your play...if you ever get that serious. When you watch them play think of why they are building that item, what do they do if they fall behind or get ahead and notice all the small details like lane freezing, cs'ing, etc. When you do watch don't just watch videos of games when they are fed watch games when they lose the game so take note on those games as well and take note of their mistakes as well so you don't make them. There's a lot more I want to say but atm this is what I can think of just woke up so brains not really functioning lol
It's generally bad for him since he was never a laning champ. The meta has been all about early game laning phase and mid game since the lane swap meta ended. Ezreal since it's forced as a tears caster adc mean he needs to get to late game to excel but most games don't get to the 40+ min mark. Again, it's all about the early game now which has never been in ezreals benefit. 
Finally someone that knows what they're talking about. Yeah basically what u said is correct majority of these reddit people are just going with the flow talking about w changes when it's not even the problem. 
I love calling escorts
It doesn't really mean much at this point anyways. Its like saying I'm going to start preparing/studying for the final exam after completing the exam..lol
Mid lane starts feeding their asses off so our jungler decides to just take the blue. guy in the mid says hes going to afk cause he didn't get his blue. Top lane replies "yeah go and afk you don't bring much to the team anyways" LMFAO
Grade 3 English is hard.
You Estalking right there. Marc Merrill will be all over that ass.
Man every rework so far has been trash lmao. I mean outside of resource farming when de has that 2x resource booster idk what he can be use for. They tried to buff his tentacles as some AOE dmg but outside of that nothing really too efficient. And yeah  hope its mesa prime oh god my dick is wet for that shit.
Basically, anyone know whats the next prime after Hydroid?
The whole point of this system is a way for riot to make money. Business is business my friend. And no it's not worth it just like the reddit user "Nami_makes_me_me_wet" said. 
That's the whole point of going solo with spy. Remember there's always a chance of you pairing up with some MR1 guy or even worst a MR 21 that still need help with spy missions lmao that's jokes as fuck.
And I still haven't gotten pussy yet :(
Dude chill the game mode is meant to be fun. If you want the game to be played against less "OP champions" then just play classic rift. Or simply, don't play URF at all so then you wont have to lose or play against OP champions. lol
Called by Steve.
probably not after those dick pics got released lol.
Uhh no its not lol it means there's tons of bugs that the programmers didn't fix. You clearly don't program because as a programmer you want your code to be bug free. Having to consistently put out hot fixes clearly demonstrate that they did not debug the code thoroughly and left it for the community to help them out which is pretty lazy and in result lower the player base because no one wants to play a game full of bugs. I mean if you enjoy playing the game full of bugs that's your choice but majority of the players don't; there are tons of posts on here - Reddit with players getting frustrated/tired of having to deal with these consistent bugs. If I remember correctly last week there was a post that hit front page complaining about it as usual. Yes I agree with you on "There isn't really any big game that's bug free" but having a game putting out hot fixes almost everyday per patch is pretty absurd.
Your going crazy. U need to chill out and just play the game. No need to those salt on him
Too bad they still lost lol
Their player base is already decreasing just from the retarded bugs alone. Every damn week there's like 4-8 hotfixes/patches. Lmao and the funny thing is the game is still in beta LMFAO DKM!
sounds like your saying "dojo Harambe" lol
Lets make this simple. If you cant kill the enemy in less then the time bladed rounds expires then bladed rounds is better. If you cant then argon is better. But if you look at the bigger picture, as the reddit user hidood5th stated, "Argon scope is that it can prevent you from NOT getting crits" which is why IMO argon is a much safer mod for the guaranteed crits as suppose to banking on killing the enemy in a limited time frame to successfully proc bladed.
It's ok hes probably a mr 2 talking
But attorney in Europe the real question is... is England your city?
Better then me. The only pussy ill be getting will be paid escort girls. #FuckThisLife
Well at least hes still getting pussy. Much better then my situation.
Too many fake lawyers here.
LMFAO watching them go from lower tiers for basically this entire split to now top 150 challenger rank is like university students cramming/studying for their final exams...lol
Vayne top lane here we go!
The real question is...how does the new minimum true damage compared to her old flat true damage removed in patch 5.12 with the adc rework? Is it better or shittier then before. 
The funny part is NA company's aren't even bother to support their own regions team but instead support/fund a foreign team lol. Show's how shitty NA is as a region.
The only thing I wished he can upgrade is my 3 inch penis :(
So that's why they kicked him out of team dignitas.
We watch Usain Bolts videos that's the secret.
It's ok dude the game is still in beta for 4 years
The next step into advancing is to go to backpage then search up local escort girls bang one then come back and let us know how it went. Then we will proceed with further instructions. 
Outside of WE I don't see RNG coming in that strong. Every game they don't look that dominate. EDG I'm not sure maybe they were lucky at rift rivals but still not as consistent as KT or SKT although SKT did fall off of form but I know when push comes to shove when they get backed up against a wall bang and faker will perform as if God himself touched their heads.
And mother loves to go nude just like berjs mom. let me suck on those dim sums bb
Oh shit, what the fuck, I fuk yo ma me luv her dim sum's!!
LMFAOOOO DKM guy was butthurt af hahaha after cho stole that shit lmaoooooo. Garbage is garbage
First team to qualify for worlds...and the first team to get knocked out of worlds group stage ;)
Lmao people in NA are surely living up to their bronze rank in game and out of game.


True.
Dude stfu and learn how to play another role. 
This is why I solo
#Bugframe
Regret not playing since beta. If I did I would've chosen to go pro since these days I play 13+ hours per day. If this was back then with the same amount of hours I put in surely a pro spot would be secure for me.
incoming nerf in 3..2..1
Can you imagine if they were this strict in the NALCS? Dardoch would've been working at mcdonalds by now lol.
LMFAO can u imagine if they were this strict in NA? Dardoch would've been working at McDonalds by now lol.
wished they had this in NA.
Yeah I do watch his stream and it's a fucking joke he only duo's with pros when the season is coming to a close just to get into challenger and yeah he solos; mostly on his smurfs because he never plays on his main account cause he pussies out on playing with people of a higher elo lol. So instead he makes smurf accounts and vs people who are 2-3 tiers lower then him so he just flex his muscles over them. Clearly the guy just wants to escape his own elo and is afraid to play vs harder players lol. Guy basically plays a few games over a week just to stop the LP decay on his main (and he didn't even make it to challenger last season and at the moment still not challenger lmao) and then back to his smurf accounts LMAO. Not only that most of the montages on him on youtube (especially his vayne montages) are clips when hes super fed going 12/3 and just face rolling on players. But the funny part is fan boys like you look at his montages and say shit like "OMFG hes the best vayne player ever!! such great mechanics"..LOL. Yeah for sure bro when your super fucking fed on a vayne ofc your obviously going to dick on the enemy team LOL.

And just like I said above, gosu's been playing since season 1 and there are players like doublelift and sneaky who also started around the same time and they progressed to pro players + challenger tier while gosu is still struggling to get to challenger back in season 3 lmao.

Maybe you should start noticing how he plays vs the pro adc's (which again, started around the same time as him so in theory they should be on the same level of skill) instead of suck his cock and you'll clearly see a difference. He makes obvious mistakes that he shouldn't be making as a "veteran" adc whos been ofc playing since season 1.  There are other pro adc players who started well after gosu did and they still surpass him which is a big embarrassment considering he had a head start. Moreover, he refuses to fix his mistakes and continues to play like a low elo player and that's why he's struggling to climb lol. Like I said get your facts straight and do your research before you open your mouth and start talking smack because atm you sound like a senseless retarded kid lol.
Well lets hope damage 2.0 fixes it or was it damage 3.0? Idk but you get the point.
Typical low elo Yasuo response; living up to the rank I see.
Hitting challenger by duoing with the pros for sure dude lol.
Now that makes more sense. Guy plays the game like a bronze player. No clue how a person playing since season 1 can be this bad lmao what a embarrassment. 
Basically yah lol. When u watch bang and deft play from behind carefully u will see bang is always alert and has a presence of mind. Vs deft who, in the last game last night flashed and tried to kill faker even though the guy was wayyy out of range lol; so uncontrolled and looked like he just tunneled visoned 
You seem to not get the joke I see. 
Paid fully by Steve. 
Honestly the weak link of the team IMO seems to bf deft. The guy gets out matches by bang most of the time and from time to time gets caught out easily due to his new play style of over agrosessive. Although yes it's a team game everyone has their faults, deft seems to be the one who is the weakest among them. 
Deciding if I should call a sugar baby
DE shamming Canadian programmers putting their reputation so low.
The funny thing is...there are no Dota teams for Korea lol...
yup ive notice that as well keep in mind it may maximize his effectiveness but you can counter that in team fghts by just putting a ward dwn so he will attack the ward instead. that's why is best to practice both a click and shift a click (I think those are the commands?).
Team liquid with all that money buying players...but still cant buy themselves to a 3rd place this season.
The best we all would agree on would be the one on Thursday 8/3 SKT vs KT I feel like this match will show either SKT has woken up to Kkoma's beatings or still asleep in their slumber.


When they release mesa prime ima get that entire prime access pack
Yeah and you said that set of names you created were in the terms of international players who were like you said, "top 10 of all vayne pro players" and by saying DL is "up there and is one of the best." he is on equals with uzi, piglet, etc; IMO I disagree with. Again, that's fine your entitled to your opinion but I personally disagree with the fact he was even on that list that you've created. Best vayne player? Only in terms of speaking in NA yes I agree. Internationally? No. There is no intersection of the two.
Lol I still remember those volibear players in my games, sees vayne on enemy team with bork + w max but still builds warmogs + righteous glory..LMFAO DKM
Yes you did lol you put DL up there in terms of the set you've created which consisted of the **best** international players in terms of vayne gp (let A represent this set of "International mechanical vayne players") A = {uzi, DL, piglet, ....(other players)} (DL is within that set you've created) . So, I responded by said that he should not be in set A. If your comparing in terms of the set of players within NALCS who have great mechanics with vayne then yes I 100% agree with you that DL is definitely there as a player (assuming that the set of NALCS players who are good with vayne is set B then, B = {DL, ...(other NALCS players)}) but if it is a international comparison (in which you are stating) then he's definitely not in that set A lol.
I don't hate DL I'm just stating facts. You can compare both piglets and uzi's professional gameplay to DL and you will see a clear difference. Even though yes I agree he was good on her in terms of just within the NALCS but international there are much better players such as you mentioned in your quote both piglet and uzi.

Also, I forgot to tell you DL actually admitted that he looks up to uzi himself (he idolizes him and you can find the video on youtube and he states it not just once but many times throughout his pro career). Lets assume that your are correct, that DL is equal to uzi's vayne mechanics. However, we now come across a contradiction such that if DL is just as good as uzi, why would he still look up to uzi?? Hence, we can say that your proposition of DL's vayne mechanics is definitely not even a viable comparison to uzi & piglets vayne. This also implies that he(DL) is also not on the same level as piglet's vayne either since I stated above that uzi and piglet are on the same level so by the process of elimination, DL is of a lower "tier" in terms of vayne mechanical play.
Lmao NA has this "import mentality" > local talent. We wont be seeing much other then foreign players.
"Remember when we got to see likes of Uzi, Piglet, DL playing Vayne in competitive." - you mean scratch out DL since he's not even close to their level of vayne mechanics.
I agree with the example you gave but why do you care so much about the image of LOL if they don't update their champion website? It's not like its going to affect you and plus another point to note is how much does it truly affect their image? According to your post, the videos and pictures are months/years old (on those champion pages) but their player base is still increasing annually so it doesn't really matter at all if they decide to update or not. 

Also, if you think about it if other websites are working just as fine (for example LOLWiki as mentioned by the user below "Errtsee"), why still be OCD about the "official website" being updated? I mean I 100% agree with you if third party websites such as Lolwiki is giving out wrong stats then yes we need Riot to really update their webpage however according to the pictures in your post, the most riot would put is just simple scaling stats on the champ (health, attack damage, etc) but if you compare that with Lolwiki it gives much more information not just a simple scaling per level but interactions with abilities with items, champions, etc.

Finally, even if they did update their sites, they still wouldn't have all the deep interactive info on champion abilities with weapons, or interaction with spells or other things that players themselves discover. It would simply be stats on champion, and thier abilities that's it. All the other stuff is consider "extras" or more like a discussion board post. SO then again players would STILL have to go to third party websites again such as Lolwiki to find out more about the champion if they really wanted to learn them.
Nothing you guys say is going to bring him back. Just accept it and move on lol...
If the third party websites are already updated and is working out just fine, then why the fuck are you still complaining?? Lol #Logic
He's gonna want that quickie
the statement on generational talent in NA is simple: there is no talent. If it did then why is every team on a race to bring in some foreign players especially Koreans..
Lol wtf kind of post is this. 
HUHH WATZ...WATZ...WATZ AHP GHUYS HUHH
After I finish releasing my steamy pile of turd, team liquid has had every single player in the nalcs join their team at least once but still failed to qualify for worlds. 
I love you. Ill spread my cheeks for you. 
don't forget arcane avenger
yoursohardtalkinglikethis
That's nothing dude; Warframe gets like 6-10 hotfixes in 1 week LMFAO
"Team Liquid is hot trash...I have no respect for any of their players..." - Dardoch on Twitch stream.

Now joins TL again LMFAO DKM what a guy. NA LCS would make a good TV series probably would be more popular then the Game of Thrones.
LMFAO DKM most deaths is all fly quest players.
Idk why people get upset/salty when these login rewards are meant for people who's been playing a long time (veterans). Of course for their long time dedication they will get rewarded for their play time; longer you play the better the rewards get that logically makes sense. Take for example even in real life, reward cards/royalty cards. The more points you accumulate the better the rewards will be. So honestly it makes sense for DE to reward long term players with something... 
exactly! that's why they are a bunch of fucking dicks and I hate admins in general because of this kind of crap. Honestly without rules controlling them, they act as judge, jury and executioners.
#Weeb
lmao dkm
Honestly time to replace that fucker, guy shows up on stage and looks completely unpracticed/unprepared. How do you call yourself a pro ADC/pro player when your performing this bad? I haven't seen any improvements whatsoever since his debut on TSM.
But why fearless? How does it help you compare with the original 18/12/0 masteries?? As an adc don't you want to be dealing damage? 
I don't think he was scripting; the xerath was literally throwing out his q and w out of wild. plus if he was wouldn't he have dodged the last r from xerath?? Again, nothing really flashy from this video, if you think this guys scripting I bet you must think faker is scripting as well...since season 3 lol.
rejoice to mesa mains!
Honestly at this point I think it's based on computer specs. Because for me I've been playing since season 3 and I've never had any performance issues or fps drops. 
dw patch 7.14 on the way...
Nah bud its going to be the basic story we see almost at every worlds, TSM goes to worlds, gets knocked out immediately by some Asian team lol. In short might as well not have TSM pack their bags because...IT'S GOING TO BE A SHORT TRIP!
I also heard that whoever gives up first blood doesn't get to eat dinner tonight...
I also heard that whoever gives up first blood doesn't get to eat dinner tonight...
Nerfs
When no one on my team deserves a honor...
Ohhh guys talking like a bigshot, but when it comes to performance he's complete garb. 
Fucking weebs upvoting this post hahha
How so is duskblade good on jhin?
Thats the sound i hear when im high as fuck and hallucinating to only my friends snore...
Because the game is dynamic and changes throughout time. Nothing is static my friend.
Looks like riot really likes the number 1350...increasing the cost of rp on most upcoming skins to 1350 rp and now this... 
Ok...? So? Who cares if they are elo boosting just focus on your gameplay..
Welcome to NA for which it's known for reducing player skill, even world class players! *cough* piglet *cough*
1350 rp tier skins are slowly yet surely replacing the 975 rp skins
Grade 6 math is hard.
After they met they must of sucked each other off.
The real reason why people smurf is because they are afraid of playing against players of the elo so instead of learning and improving, they rather go play a smurf just to "feel better" and win every game like their some mechanical god *cough* Gosu *cough*
Yo what kind of dope did you smoke? Must of been a good one.
#Bugframe
Man that's too far...even mesa prime isn't out yet...lol
And that's why I do solos. No need to have fucking noobs messing up the third spy vault when I've unlocked two; waste of time and energy.
Warframe = Grindframe
Agree that's where the real competition is at not some honky NA crap.
Yeah you wished she'd eat that cock of yours..
Nova spy...wut
True say man. Remember most people on reddit are all butthurt bronze players. That's why most of the time the top post are related to bronze elo like those I just got to silver AMA crap.
Hey since this is a relevant post about Xayah, anyone know what the changes on her q were? On the official posting it says this, "After last patch’s changes, we figured we could make Xayah feel a little bit smoother to play as the game progresses...Attack lockout now scales down with attack speed. "
Can someone explain to me what the xayah changes were? "Attack lockout now scales down with attack speed. "
Can someone explain the Xayah changes? I don't really understand what they did here, "Attack lockout now scales down with attack speed."
Atta boy, now your going to be drowning in pussy.
This post taste realll salty.
Pretty much, DE's way of money grabbing.
Lmao again they're not going to change it period. They are here to make money period.
Lmao more ways for riot to cash grab people's money. 
Lmao dude if you can't handle a two letter acronym, then don't bother playing the game lol. Again, there is a good post on the front page of reddit atm idk if it's still there but the title says this "Impact on advice he received from kkOma: “When I went to America, he told me this: ‘Don’t think too much about what other people are doing and just focus on yourself.'”" Pretty much all I need to Say is in that statement. 
Nerfed adc to the point they are now util adc.. Might as well have them as a second support LMAO
wait when will the unvaulting of rhino prime happen? Anyone know?
Lmao you got the title right, but let me rephrase it for you a bit; "It's These Bronze Threads Again™: We ABSOLUTELY need a specific "Not Playing Assigned Role" report category"
Standard stuff here. Nothing to complain about.
Mesa
And all the bugs would be fixed
anyone know the color scheme for this?
So how will I know if my university offers a scholarship ?
Toronto. 
so in theory you have to play at least 200 sorties to get 1 LFC lol
Haha the guy must be fucking ripped when he wrote all this LMFAO dkm. 
Lmao NA an't going to ever get better with more Korean imports. Just a placebo effect honestly. 
Lmao OCE = the ghetto part of league of legends lmao
"it’s our goal to balance regional play" lmao you damn right about that Riot taking this excellent opportunity to nerf the shit out of meta pick champions since this is what they are best at doing.
Guys probably going to be picked up by some Chinese team lmao just because hes from "SKT" hahaha
LMAO I guess some people just can't handle constructive criticism.
Lmao yeah mods just being abusive of their powers. Typical to happen these days.
Lmao guy must be new to LCS or something.
Too bad I got it on my first run.
Man I just cash it in and call it a day.
Losing lane to the enemy.
lmao dkm
Lmfaooo riot be copying the design of Sarah Kerrigan from SC2 LOLOL﻿
His inventory has been pretty shitty for the past months...its only the cosmetics that's been a big thing thus far and for people who care about useful mods/weapons over cosmetics; forget about the recent inventories, its really shit just as zynix mentioned.
Dude because the LPL is pretty garb compared to other regions. Outside of the Korean players joining the Chinese squads, they don't have much of a strong team. The only thing people watch now adays is probably uzi from RNG, easyhoon/bengi on VG or clearlove on EDG. Outside of that their play style has been kept the same as before; team fighting oriented mind set with no team work + this "win lane win game" mentality. For sure it worked for the older seasons like season 3 - 5 but Riot has basically moved away from that gameplay style and is moving towards a teamwork oriented play style rather then a solo hyper carry gameplay. These are just the few examples of why no one watches the LPL
Where is that primed hornet strike... im still waiting for it this day...
It last till Monday morning right?
Lmao as an adc main I feel nothing since the hurricane nerfs will be heading our way soon & crit dmg items will rise once more thus jhin will be back in business in no time lol.
Lmao I can see FORG1VEN joining the team then don't make it to playoffs and you hear his typical complaint about "shitty team" & "shitty support player" he got. Guys a joke
Riot again going full retard with rotating game modes again. Bringing in useless shit.
They must be salty af after that retarded draft in the 5th game LOL
Demacia = Gondor from Lord of the Rings..
she got worst then before due to the w changes.
Lmao save your words son, because in a few more patches we'll be hearing meddlers retarded balance team taking the knife to bork or other meta adc's. its a trend; meddler will always nerf meta pick champions and adc's are his favorite position to axe first.
MAN K.T is such a disappointment atm.
LMFAO if Keith can't take criticism as a pro player might as well step down. Every pro player gets criticized and not only that, guy should be taking the criticism's as a way of improvement and fixing up mistakes and not from a negative light perspective. Just like how Monte said in one of his videos how players should be adaptive in the pro scene and not only that but able to take feedback regardless if its good or bad as a learning experience. Clearly you can see Keith can't handle the negative feedback from not only the community but the casters as well. I hope he is able to open his eyes up before its too late because let me tell you his career is on the line if he keeps up playing like this.
Shit's pre-recorded dude so are the games. They don't happen in real time as they say it does.
of course it wont be 750 rp; gotta increase the profit somewhere...
now time to draw jhin's curved penis
Keith proving he's that numba 1 adc in na.
LMFAO the guy already wants to go back to TSM haha
Nahhhh Keith is better bro he's already hit the pinnacle point of his career!
Lmaoooo someone's butthurt and including all the low elo players that upvoted this post. 
Dude it's the life cycle of riots gameplay team. Meddler just nerfs anything he sees That's being play alot or "meta picks". Fucking guy targets adc's first on the list and now put adc in a negative position and he talks about "diversity" when no real adc's are viable currently... #MeddlerLogics
LMFAO and oceanic back at it again with the competitive rulings. 
Dude it's riot it's all about money. Most recent skins I. The past year are more of the 1350 rp skins and replacing the popular 975 cost. The the truth is, most of them don't Li e up to the. 1350 rp quality.
It's because she was constantly permabanned in ranked + the nerfs ofc
Damn nigga moving like usain bolt
Nah won't be as big as when we hear "welcome Berj to team liquid!"
Nah won't be as big as when we hear "welcome Berj to team liquid!"
Rich company but still can't manage to pass 3rd place. Lol
LMFAO this skin looks like one of those custom add on skins by people lol
In summary; TLDR - Doublelift replaced Piglet lololol
Crit build is the most optimal build for late game jhin but ofc if you want the early - mid level power spike you should go with the meta leathality build. Depending on if the enemy have tank your third item should be either rapid fire(vs no tank) or last whisper(if enemy have tank) (assuming u went first item yoummus ghost blade and edge of night...). From that u get i.e next and your last item should be either a defensive item (qss and its full build; which is for mr or anti cc), bt for sustain, or even vs burst mages like a lb or kat u get maw. if your vs a heavy leathality team like talon top zed mid and kha zix jg... then a ga or omen is your best bet. ofc if there are many assassins in game then Ninja Tabi would be included In your build however try not to build Ninja Tabi every game just because its "meta". imo boots of swiftness is a better choice.
There will always be world championships; you can't win them all.
It's meddler dude he hates carry adc. They are pushed down to the point that their now the second support on the rift lol. 
LMFAO piglet is so bad that they went to QT to help

LMFAOOO so true no matter where you go there's no one playing tank. You go in game expect the malphite who called talk to go tank but it turns out its some ap malphite who can't even hour glass properly LOL. And the thing is. most of those players don't even know how to play carry they just want to feel like they are dealing dmg instead of using their heads and winning games.
Lmao Meddler is a fucking dumb ass period. He's been nerfing ADC since season 5 and still going at it. Now we get to the point where most of not all adc's are trash tier and then he buffs lethality in a way for the assassins only to find out that he's still going to nerf ADC. Not sure if he wants Attack Damage Carry or Utility/CC Carry because adc's have become the second support in the rift.
LMFAO and what kind of degree is this going to be? Ill tell you it's not going to be any comp sci ones..
Anyone know when IEM is happening? Which day
Idk why people are still sucking piglets dick and calling him "best adc in NA". Because I fully agree with one of the casters ADC rankings to rank piglet last on that list because, yeah his performance is basically regulation shit. Giving him the title as the best ADC is something in the past; we in season 7 now buddy get with the program, he's not the best period.
Are you sure its a screw up or EDG is trying to dodging/avoid international tournaments? LOL after all their team is garb when deft and pawn left. With all do respect their midlaner, jungler and support are the only strong players left on that team other then that its going to be pretty hard for those 3 to carry.
Aye man the 10 void traces is pretty op :|
THANK YOU someone has their eyes opened. Unlike meddler just basing off of LCK and LCS match videos. LMFAO guys a fucking joke talking about nerfing mf and jhin. It's leathality that needs to be looked at not the champs themselves. So please meddler if your reading this FIX LEATHALITY
Lmao someone's butthurt
LMFAO no one wants to watch support no one wants to play that role. The role is nothing flashy or a carry role so yeah explains the low viewership
Then the guy should start playing adc instead of mid or jg. Everything I seem him stream he's either mid or jg avoiding adc lmao. And guy talks about himself doing shit..lol yah time to reflect on himself or else TL will really be putting him on retirement LOL
See guys this is the result of riot merging adc since the start of season 5. We finally get to this position where it contradicts riots game philosophy of "champion diversity". Lol clearly the game designers at riot are not on the same page. So call teamwork. 
Never been in bronze but in general here is my tips:
1) play everyday preferable 12 hours or more
      -The best way to improve is to play a lot period. Practice makes perfect it's in every traditional sports. 

2) focus on your play not others
-yeah I get it to blame others mistake for losing game but if you and rewatch how you played compared to the pros you will see where you fucked up

3) Watch you own replays
     to follow up what I said above the only way to improve is to find out where you made your mistakes and correct it. Doesn't matter if u play 20000+ games, if your not noticing your mistake and your playing the game brain dead you'll always stay in bronze. (there is a reason why they release the replay system so use it to your advantage!)

4) Learn from your mistakes
     -(title) again if you don't learn from your mistakes then you will never improve

5) Watch proplayers play the champ you want to learn/master
     - best way to improve your gameplay is to watch pros. Learn how they use the champ effectively and efficiently to maximize gameplay

6) learn how to build ingame items
    -see this a lot in low elo games. Learn to know what to build according to the situation. For example the the entire enemy team is magic damage(yes this includes ziggs adc) there is no need to rush a sunfire cape first item (lol?) I see a lot of low elo players have some sort of set build where they HAVE to build items in a specific order. NEVER think like this; builds are not static its dynamic.
Buddy learn how to read, I'm saying if you post things that goes AGIANST popular belief then you will get down voted like you said in your yesterday post...
its reddit dude if you post sth that goes against popular beliefs then your going to get down voted lmao ignorant people.
The lux looked like she/he was using the analog joystick as a mouse in this game
Attack Damage Carry -> now transformed into -> Utility/CC Carry. lmao
Can you please make a drop table for who drops what? That would be helpful for new players thanks mate!
He made Gosu look better LOL
Those were keith fan boys butthurt on his mistakes so they try to cover it up by saying hes good and shit well looks it turns out there WAS no improvement to begin with.


Those were keith fan boys butthurt on his mistakes so they try to cover it up by saying hes good and shit well looks it turns out there WAS no improvement to begin with.
Vayne - show off mechanics.
What do you mean everyone except for Caitlyn...she got hit with her laning phase, q doesn't deal full damage anymore now its like Ezreal's ult damage decrease per objects on passed.
It's not just a horrible place, it was a mistake for DE to even implement it lmao.
Kick Keith out of the team; there problem solved.
Get Keith off the team and other teams will start scrimming. 
One last change they forgot to make is to make the game less grindy....
LOL de back at it again with dem hidden nerfs ayeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
extra grind for just bigger magazine and slight atk speed lmao...not worth at all
Its a way for DE to grab more money from your pocket #BusinessIsBusiness
Yup that's why Monte and DoA stopped working with Riot overall.
Thank you someone here knows what they are talking about. They say they are a pro so they going to get criticised like a pro. The two guys above are just butt hurt to see their "idol" get bum rushed by the truth. If Keith doesn't step up and live up to his name as a "pro adc" then might as well have him get replaced. In esports there is no room for constant mistakes. It should've of been corrected and perfected during practice time. Clearly this guy has not been practicing as you can see in the video. There was no improvement from the first debut on TSM till now.
Damn Koreans and their chaebol bs. Now they getting the backlash and it doesn't stop there.
LMFAOO ya'll kids going hype over keith in korea boot camp and how he made it to challenger are a bunch of fags. Shows up today playing like a bronze 5. Guy clearly needs to step down as ADC. Even Cody sun an inexperience player still did more then he did.
Anyone know any raiding clans? My clan is kind of dry when it comes to raids...
That's the sound I make when I spray my gf down.
Do you like to grind for stuff? If you do then this is your game!
So where is the link for tonights match? anyone know?
Ready for that big nerf 
anyone know where i can find the spotv stream site or link?
Dude its DE game philosophy/design on the RNG grind fest get use to it. If you can't then ignore it.
Oh damn your so hard bro, mind if you wanna verify my existence as well?
LMFAO im ready for more of that Heartstone play boys
Bugs, bugs bugs, tons of bugs everywhere, how does DE hire such programmers? It's like they have never heard of debugging before prior to releasing their game/patch.
You do realize that DE puts like 7 layers of RNG into the riven mods specifically right? They want you to grind the hell for that shit and nobody got time for that kind of crap. Even before you would get a decent 75% discount in a while now you only get like that 20%. Its a money grab situation man, they want you to buy plat and buy the stuff in trade instead of relying on the RNG to get stuff (i.e riven mods).
The sortie drops are rigged by de, they give you the 2000 endo over all the other rare stuff. its not even truly rng.
Too bad its rigged to what DE wants.
custom game, around 10 mins u get close to 100 cs as much as possible. each day just say you want to get 3-5 more cs then yesterday cs@10; rinse and repeat that's it dude.
Its riots strat to get you to spend money. They do that for nerf champs as well. A way of advertisement.
Lmao next thing you know Mickey Mouse will be in the front cover page of NALCS lmao
more like "Korean league wannabe drama"
Puts RP sales up, but the day before the sale they increases the price of RP for Canadian's. Lmfao fucking deceptive bastards.
Super team incoming...
League fucked my life over as well; now just starting to realize it when you meet the girl of your interest.
Agree great idea definitely but you know its DE they want you to grind till you pass out on everything.
IBG when the enemy team does have a lot of ad damage or you need some cc to get self-peel or you need to help your team with cc. triforce if you are either super farahead in game or your team relies a great amount of damage output from you (example: a support midlaner who cant do much damage like lulu and a non carry toplaner like mundo). Remember, if you look at the ibg and triforce sheen damage triforce says it gives you "200% base attack damage" once u proc it while ibg gives you only "100% base attack damage". Keep those points at the back of your head before you enter game or while in game and these will guide you to build which item.
Watching this game was no different from spectating a random high elo solo q game. Gotta love when the Caitlyn stands still and AA the nexus turret like she wasn't being attacked by the Ezreal lmao. #SoloQ
Lol the theme looks like Lord of the Rings
if you want more info go to summoner school website. It will have all the info there.
Ok? Lmao, might as well put a video of Doublelift killing Gosu as well as Sneaky, Keith and Piglet. Better yet put all of gosu's death up as a twitch/youtube montage.
And I'm here reading this while I have to pay back my university tuition fees...lmao rip dreams of new pc
LMFAOOOOOOO FUCK YOU RIOT that was the best troll shit I remember in aram going ap and 1 shotting people with e-ap max and then walking up to their bodies and crtl+2 over them LMAO rip in all seriousness.
So what happened? Who won? I was doing fucking programming assignment due at the time when the season ends
Perfect analogy lol. Respect to you
mesa, hes pays off in the long run. Hes basically a hard carry in games.
I don't know why your so surprised that guys been trying to climb to challenger since his beginning of his career at league. Hes only reached challenger by playing with pro players thus getting carried. He struggled between the ranks of masters to challengers or pre masters rank, he was around diamond 1 struggling to get into challenger. He plays for stream $$ and even if he was going to go pro i don't think he will be an outstanding player. Makes too many obvious mistakes and the funny part is, hes been playing since season 1 that's ALOT of laning experience + in game experience. There are players who started playing the game seasons later and they STILL surpass  gosu. I mean yeah his wacky builds and his 1 trick pony on vayne got him that low but keep in mind his mistakes in game that he SHOULDN'T be making is also affecting him to climb as well. Nevertheless, if anyone has even cared to notice, he never plays on his main account guy always hides behind his smurf accounts not wanted to play against higher rank player like hes afraid of facing against stronger players lmao. Anyways best of luck to him and to all those gosu fan boys whos saying hes the "best vayne player in the world", they clearly haven't seen a real vayne player and needs to open up their eyes.
I DIDNT EVEN PLAY A SINGLE RANKED GAME THIS SEASON
#DeBugs
Nope, DE wants you to do that #Grind
Kalista so dry when she opens her legs, dusk flies out LMAO!
They are but its kind of a risky thing to do especially when money comes involved and every team wants to win. Nobody wants to be losers at the end of the day so getting a strong player is a must. Not saying that teams aren't giving solo q players a chances it's more of an insurance thing dude.
and Deft is not from NA..LOL
Idk if there are any "good" adc's local to NA. I mean if it's imports then yeah lol. Other then that the only hope is getting piglet on TSM. Which I think he's still contracted with team liquid? Not sure 
Fakers special treat after winning worlds...lol

http://puu.sh/s3BY2/6fba4f2c0f.jpg
After Faker saw his votes for LCK region..

http://puu.sh/s3BY2/6fba4f2c0f.jpg
After hitting third rank in NA, Kkoma gave him a special treat lmao

http://puu.sh/s3BY2/6fba4f2c0f.jpg
faker with the interviewer after this video..lol

http://puu.sh/s3BY2/6fba4f2c0f.jpg
How faker won worlds...lol

http://puu.sh/s3BY2/6fba4f2c0f.jpg
But that still doesn't answer the question to "where are the log file?s located?"
Too bad its going to be ezreal skin lol.
After I heard this I became Donald Trump
Now ready to wait for him to reach #1 before they go bsck to korea
Lmao shows how good faker is vs a guy who baciacally mains this champ for like so many seasons straight.  
LMFAO! Guy who posted it probably be like all y'all Asians look the same lolol!
Pretty much. You'll be spending more time in the champ select screen then on rift lol
Take one game out of the series yeah lol. 
Take one game out of the series yeah lol. 
*rock solid*
LMFAO that would be a very wrong move by the LPL teams in china. All the money wasted for nothing
Working games as in working on more retarded drama from Marc Merrill. 
My asshole will be performing right before zedds performance. 
Dem Mexicans always be doing sth "illegal" lol
#Diversity?
Because your basically playing a co op vs ai game....
So? Why you jealous or something? If they can play at a challenger level it doesn't matter where they transfer to, if they deserve it then they deserve it period. It's like saying your from US and you go to Canada to study and you qualify for one of the scholarships at thst school and then the students at that school going ape because an "foreigner" stole our Scholarship and thst only Canadian citizens deserve it. Maybe it's a bad analogy but I hope you get my point.
Couldnt agree with you more, I remember those NA TSM + Sneaky butt buddies were booing the crowd when Samsung showed up. lmao they got their own taste of their medicine when their "last hope" team lost.
archwing? what do you mean like it gives more credits?
not only that she got nerfed to the ground
Teemo
Lmao he's probably like laughing at the NA solo q on how ez it is compared to the Korean reigon
No puns intended.
That boycott on riot lol
You mean Zyra? She wins lane by herself anyways lol
Lmao buddy it's NA get that straight. They are the most toxic server to play on thus toxic people in game also translate to toxic people irl. It goes hand in hand. And yup I agree dumbasses still chanting TSM revenue though they go buttfucked by the Chinese squad lmao I can see NA still butthurt about it. 
LOL what hype? Dude they got to face one of the easiest teams in the quarter finals... theres not much to say its going to be a 3-0 victory for H2K at most 3-1 if H2K starts to play bad.
Never say never, never...never never never. AYE lets go!
I already see kkoma getting wet af for peanut.
lol u really want to see that? the second u see damage coming from zyra support Riots going to nerf the shit out of her. I already can smell it coming.
dude your a fucking idiot, kidsanxD is right DL has been bragging season after season on how he's one of the best adc's in the world and guys been dick riding that statement since s3 at all stars shanghai of 2013. I remember in one interview this year he said he was on the same level as Uzi (the best adc in League at that time) lmao! But then in the pocket pick video he states that he "looks up to uzi" basically contradicting himself lol.
When this guy gets pussy on his dick he be like "its the best pussy I ever had in my entire life" LMAO
Consistency yes; mechanically no. 
What? I'm pretty sure any team/coach would pick Bjersen over Jensen, that's a given..I don't even know why this is even a big deal LMAO!
Hey bud keep in mind teams want to WIN.  That's the key point here. No one wants to hire some amateur and then lose a whole bunch of game in which they pretty much paid a useless player and gained nothing back. Most teams want "garuntees" not gamble. 
Agreed, plus they might be busy with their lives and don't keep with the matches. 
I guess the gap is going to be closing real soon with some sneaky fan boy.
I guess sneakys going to say on his next stream "welcome to the my new butthole; ripped fresh opened from ssg"
put on dem sunglass like Vayne.
Shows how garbage NA is. keep booing and watch c9 get ass fucked by Samsung. lmao some patriotic crap.
I smell a TSM fanboy here.
What's PSA mean?
LMAO what of bunch of virgins. I'd tell you once they get pussy on their dicks they wont be arguing about League no more lol.
Hey I agree with your post man don't let these dumb fucks on reddit tell you that your wrong because as a matter of fact yes, its the truth and people on reddit have a hard time dealing with the truth, that " they have a right to use their advantage in this way and all power to them.". The truth hurts but since they have all the power and all the regions look up to them they are free to do whatever they want.
Lmao! You sir just made my day. Reddit lol's always had one of those fags writing cringy stories about players or champions. Reading them is like listening to a 6 year old kid playing with his toy set in the sandpit lol! #VirginForLife
Exactly my point I was about to post. This article clearly shows that Riot uses player based post on Reddit as Tribunal. Not only that, the post about Road being toxic had to within the top 5 post on Reddit front page for them to act. This pretty much summarizes that Riot only goes into investigation when situation are blown wide open on Reddit's front page.
LOL what joke but thanks anyways.
Lmao looks like someone's jealous. 
Lmao Riot with the skin cock tease, comes out with a high priced Ashe skin to tease people to buy it then nerf her ass in the next. Some trickery business here. 
Top Die!
I see what you did there....lol
Look like SKT is going to win this years worlds again; you heard it here boys.
What's LS?
LMAO next thing we read on reddit's top post is "EDG hires Yang to replace Mouse".
Not far enough to beat RNG. Especially their bot lane..lol
Pretty sure we all saw it coming that RNG's bot lane is going to out class TSM's botlane especially the support match ups. You can see it was night and day. Nothing else to read here move on.
LMAO first seed in china sandbagging like LGD last season, I see where this is going...
I smel irony here
Lmao wtf kind of post is this? Might as well put the seconds down as well
#Masterpiece
Anyone uzi account?
I feel your struggle brother..lol
Oh finally DE heard us. this weeks got way better mods

Looks like a giant gay festival where everyone is bum fucking everyone. gotta get that dick chain going.
LOL so true upvote this shit for visibility!
Yup the whole season 5 kog reworked in season 6 all together was idiotic as well. Karma strikes riot now going to revert changes
Now just going to wait for the 50% sale on the skins...lol
LOL!!!! Did someone actually put in the top 5!? If that happened then I guess my top pick for player for adc would be Keith...lol.
I'm pretty sure we all have to agree guy does not look like his age. He look like hes at least 10 years older then his current age.
I agree with Dardoch's last post honestly Loco didn't seem like that type of coach that would set a great example for the players. Like I remember reading a tweet a few years back where he would put other people on blast (iirc Monte) and would shit talk them down. Guy just still has that immature mentality.
LOL twitch going full retard just like Marc Merrill.
Bruh that viktor mind fucked the shen lmao
I 100% agree with your post and I couldn't of worded it better. Its a fact at this point I don't know why people are even up voting the main post at this point. He exposed Riot to the point that there is absolutely no way of him joining the company again. Period.
Couldn't vote on mobile phone..gg
Post is reasonable upvote for visibility!
LOL ikr might as well remove vision wards as well since we're on that thought. who needs wards when u got map awareness!
#Preach
Because Riot is being greedy af.
Probably those TSM fan boys lmao
I'm not particularly hyped for the DL vs Uzi match, I'm pretty sure uzi will win lane against him. He already did back at all stars of last year and DL was paired with the most experienced support in NA; Aphromoo and he still lost lane to Uzi + PYL. I don't expect much for the bot lane match up in the upcoming RNG vs TSM match. Mata will just completely outclass Biofrost. However, I do agree with you with the Forgiven vs Deft match up.
IMO the groups for this year looks pretty reasonable. It isn't that bad compare to previous seasons where it was stacked af (e.g "the group of death" from season 6 or 5? Idr).
TL;DR meta power picks all nerfed; lets see how teams adjust.
Grade 3 English is hard.
who the fuck is Reckful?
Reminds me of watermelon flavor somehow lmao...
Why would a Korean airport have Chinese writing on it? I agree with how airports have standard of two or more languages in this case it would be more appropriate to have Korea and English and another Korean writing dialect if there is any. Lol its like saying arriving at an American Airport with Arabic & English wiriting on the signs lol...
says arrived in Korea for bootcamp...background signs are in Chinese LMAO!
use trinity and spam 2. Her 2 does "true damage" it affects their health directly ignoring the shields.
Not going to be a good month for me in Uni thats for sure 
LMAO bootcamps in korea...plays TSM LOL dkm I'm done.
Maybe he shouldn't of asked that question on stream to begin with lmao...
what do you mean by "ping your gold"?
lmao didn't knkow Jatt was Canadian.
Bro thats why in sortie spy missions or rescues i go solo. Solo you can never rely on others to do the work...or fuck up..
The whole game is a mess atm. Nerfs nerfs nerfs, bugs bugs bugs.
I agree with this response.
LOL whoever made this is must be someone who's never really played any games before. Period.
Meet DE's programming team, a bunch of basement dwellers who don't know how to program.
Another reason why he got put to the bench lmao.
And to expose Riots real intent of the game. Looks like this drama is going to rip a new asshole for Riot.
LMAO Riot slamming Sivir down to the trash tier adc list with Kalista and friends.
also the cost of credits went it. before with gold fusion cores it was 1.6 mill. now its 1.9 mill. I see what DE's doing...
was about to ask for a support ticket until I saw this post...lol
I just brought a legendary core I cant find it in my inventory. IS IT REALY GONE??!?!
Made the game more grindy with this new endo system LOL
agree the random nerf at the start of the season was unnecessary lmao.
whats div2?
I see then what might the cause of the random lag spike? Like when I'm about to die and when I press flash there would be a brief pause to it.
Im getting it on windows 7 does this still apply as well?
does the buff last only for the time the atk speed dual toxocysts are on?﻿
does the buff last only for the time the atk speed dual toxocysts are on?﻿
so im not sure what he did in the video. Did he headshot proc the toxic stats then press 4 on mesa? or did just simplly hit the enemy head then press 4? not sure how this works.
lmao mod packs; the most useless item ever to sell.
man they aren't really a fan of urf im just going to put it out there.
wait i paid the full 450 ducats how can i compensate for the lost?
Looks like Riot finally got a new manager that uses their brain. Chroma skins were never worth the charge for rp no clue why they even sold it let alone the people who paid for it.
Too bad none of these alt helms won't go on sale....
in time for *Worlds*
upgrade it if you even play that champ. if you don't then don't bother. you'll be wasting essences.
So your saying Peacemaker actually procs status effect while its on?
*Cough* more credits in sortie & more credit reward in Hieracon like pre sotr *cough*
all building the same item... youmuu's ghostblade. rip ie
LMAO a midlaner has more "DPS" then the adc. What a thing to see lol.
"Keith is ok"? Lmao I think you need to get your eyes checked out. Comparing the stats Keith is no where close to being "LCS standards" as said by Eijink
TOTALLY AGREE lmao and people were so fucking hyped up about how he got #1 in NA solo q ladder and got to challenger in korean servers..lol that doesn't mean shit if your getting outclassed in a professional game. Stats show
don't you get more credits if you have a full team doing 1 extract compaired to 1 extract solo'in it?
where can i find the golden one?
Hey i couldn't agree more lmao and I remember this guy on reddit was arguing with me how it was "alright" for DE not to put hidden changes on their patch notes and how the community was alright with it...lol
Now they lowerd void trace farming great...
This is what happens when DE decides to fuck credit farming and xp farming over. I hope they like the results they get...
CLE!
Now add POV's of the players so everyone can learn what they are doing. That's all I ask. Ty. But I highly doubt they'll put it up though cause you know... "Esports stalking" lol..
#MindGames
Struggling with college? maybe you shouldn't play at all and just focus on your damn school work and move on..
Give gold plzz lmao
"YUP, SURPRISE!!"
are those helmets like the dead eye mesa ever going to go on sale? the steam priced ones.
for me to fix it all I do is use my mouse and drag on the mini map on that white box and it fixes it for me.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Warframe/comments/4srxt1/farm_locations_hit_hard/

his name is "Amendel"
#Hotfix11
LOL so true I remember this guy on reddit said that there is no such things a surprises the reddit community will figure it out no need to put everything down on patch notes...that guy still pisses me off to this day telling me how for gaming companies theres no need to fully put all the changes down on the patch notes when the community can find all those changes...lol
exterminate always get 1-2 per run
#ComingSoonAtHotfix11
No uzi?
#Hotfix11
I was not directly saying that DE is going to go out of business but I was trying to refer to a similar state to that where if the company continuously relies on the players to write out patch notes that THEY SHOULD BE DOING, then their play base will go down; the fan base will lose trust in the company/developer. 
LOL if any developer follows that kind of philosophy of what your saying "rarely ever give complete patch notes" and relying on players to write out patch notes that THEY SHOULD BE DOING, then their play base will go down; the fan base will lose trust in the company/developer and they will simply go "out of business" and no company wants to be in this position. I play League of Legends and the changes in the update/patch WILL be listed regardless of nerfs or buffs. The only thing that will get added along the way will be hotfixes for small glitches that players have found. If you compare the amount of hotfixes that are being released from League to Warframe its night and day; there is already a 9th hotfix coming out real soon and its been less then a week. On top of that even when Riot do forget to write a change down they will apologize to the community and re add it to the original patch note.
That's your assumption about them I'm just saying in general most companies are transparent about the updates and stuff they do. 
So your saying its compelete ok for gaming companies to not tell the players what got changed whenever there's an update? Because Thats basically what your saying. Good companies don't rely on players to write their patch notes. Also, they are releasing a new patch without even debugging it at all. Look at how many hotfixes there have been so far.. It's like they just released sotr in the beta development stage to the players instead of taking their time and refining it. 
Yea I agree it was totally unessesary for those changes. Even when they did change it DE didnt even bother to post it on the patch notes. So call "transparency". At least let the players know what got nerfed instead of letting us play the find Waldo game and figure out what got hit and what didnt. I don't think warframe will grow as much if DE continues to follow with this mentality. 
Now we need a post about exp for non archwing
LOL exactly it's like saying "I hate losing in league". Then simple don't play so then you don't lose at all. Same analogy as what said. 
There's no point in asking for an update bud they're not going to do it. 1 cost money and two it's a waste of time; just like Troy_LOL said "Don't like the skin compared to newer ones? Don't use it." Period. So stop wining about little shit like this and move on. 
Can't wait for that Ashe skin sale...lol
should fix the fps drops as well. been getting it since the beginning of the new update
LOL some esports drama or some shit LOL; what a time to be alive.
bruh where dem red crits at...
how many scans we need?

Also another thing to note is that people moved on with there lives. No one is going to watch league or play it consistently forever. 
so whats the next "draco" where we can level stuff up quickly, any idea?
LMFAO! Nalcs starting to turn into some Korean league now. Might as well call it nalck. Lol
r/leagueoflegends is full of butthurt bronze players complaining about shit they don't like.
Im pretty sure they are, if they aren't why ask these types of questions? I quit league for quite some time now as like most of my buddies that started around season 3. Many reason why I dropped it but mainly due to school and moving on with my life to "reality".
is that Bjergsen's brother or some shit? lmao
Nekros, hydroid, trinity prime, speed nova = farmfest 2016
LMFAO those emblem's look like something out of DOTA lmaooo!
wheres the bp for mag p??
TY! Holy shit your God lmao thanks for giving it to me !!
Grade 3 English must of been pretty tough for you buddy.
I cant seem to find his stream ive been searching for a good year its on douyutv or is it on another site?
How do you know that's UZI himself though? Not trying to put you or anything I just want to confirm its him im going to be watching not some random kr soloq player right?
what is uzi's korean account then?
so what is uzi's Korean account you know?
I see I see I heard that theres a glitch when you have exactly 175% power strength the Power Efficiency may have a higher upkeep than having 190% Power Efficiency is that still happening?
how does power strength help her out? her ult scales with her secondary weapon.
depends on if you explained to him/her why you need to build sightstone on support; the reason/logic behind it. IF and then if they still refuse to build it then yes its trolling but if you didn't explain jack shit to the person then no its not trolling because that person might of not understood why its necessary to build it on supports.
Pro gamers come and go my friend, there is no real job security; that's why most quit and go back to university and study and then go out and find a better job.
clearly another example of riot over nerfing things when its being over used in official tournaments.
Im ready to see more Lucian nerfs after meddler sees this.
Anyone know how to check the LPL region?
ya that's true its reddit again over reacting to pretty much solid facts now for TL.
why hes in na? he doesn't like LPL or got fired?
Well im glad there changing the primary role thing, pretty much if you select sup regardless of a primary or secondary role it pretty much automatically becomes your primary role lol.
LOL that sivir was a fucking idiot to begin with doesn't even heal her sup when she was about to die and then has a reaction time of a fucking turtle when spell shielding caits traps. I don't see how that's called "Caitlyn God" to begin with lol.
LOL ya no shit Meddler would probably die of a heart attack from all the champions that he nerfed and they would all come back to haunt him
LOL ikr I think the reddit community gets over hyped about unimportant things like this. Just like what KickItNext said "subreddit picks a strong soloQ player and starts jerking off to their soloQ everything for weeks...It's not big news that he does well with soloQ when he grinds it." Its almost as if the community is saying his solo q performance is so good that he's going to "outshine/outperform" sneaky, doublelift or wildturtle.
LMFAO I could see this as the Japanese advertisement for League of Legends...LOL
are they actually in some group call or its been edited in?
LOL ofc they stopped doing chromas because nobody wanted to wanted to buy a simple color change that you can do it yourself but better in photoshop. Ive seen people do it for free for others LOL
too bad ill be workin 9 hr shifts this weekend rip
Someone knows what there talking about.
#BackHome
LMAOOO fuck TSM
He's back from his "injuries" ay? lol
This is why Riot is going to be losing more and more supporters. Increasing prices for skins and creating money grabbing situations just to benefit themselves when they said that the game was build around "player focus" and now we've moved far away from that mentality when they don't listen to their own fan base and when all of their professional gamers says a change is making the game worse or even simple feed back. Oh well at the end of the day business is business right? Got to find ways to maximize profits
Bang is world class but not that high up compared to Uzi, he's just consistent and in that game the team in general was so sloppy it was awful even bang himself.
Stixxay is not even that good in general, compared to world class adc he would've gotten slammed. Damn people get over hyped quickly.
Now with the new QSS changes marksman are on the levels lower then dirt.
I hope the next step is to post POV of the players ACTUALLY playing in game. We can learn a lot from it not just the players in general but the casters, game analysis's as well.
Vayne will be strong in 6.9? Uhh...how so? LMAO
LMAO the whole point of this qss change was because trundle ult'ing toplaners which steals 1000 of gold worth of stats thus toplaners were "forced" to buy qss which puts them into an awk situation. To compensate riot would have to make an item which fits tanks and builds into qss. Riot of course don't want to do that because if they do that means adc would be buying it as well over scimmy because of its "tanky" defensive stats (*Cough* steraks gage *Cough*). which means THAT item would be eventually nerfed. SO to dodge all of that bullshit, they took away qss ablility to remove all debuffs thus, no need for all that stuff I said above; however now they have to start rebalancing new OP champs (yup we looking at you zed) even possibly a rework. That's my theory of why this is happening.
LMAO the whole point of this qss change was because trundle ult'ing toplaners which steals 1000's of gold worth of stats thus toplaners were "forced" to buy qss which puts them into an awk situation. To compensate riot would have to make an item which fits tanks and builds into qss. Riot of course don't want to do that because if they do that means adc would be buying it as well over scimmy because of its "tanky" defensive stats (*Cough* steraks gage *Cough*). which means THAT item would be eventually nerfed. SO to dodge all of that bullshit, they took away qss ablility to remove all debuffs thus, no need for all that stuff I said above; however now they have to start rebalancing new OP champs (yup we looking at you zed) even possibly a rework. That's my theory of why this is happening.
LMAO 1 qss change and im ready to see 20 other changes to champions to compensate with it; first up zed rework you heard it here first.
LMFAO rip QSS
what about the orthos prime?
what about the orthos prime?
Soon the QSS nerfs will come in that's going to be even more trash LMAO
LMAO bro you fried? Reaction time is ALL about timing. You clearly have absolutely no clue what your talking about.
I cant fight her as a boss. it says it needs 100 judgement points, it wasn't like that hbefore
LOL somehow the regular MSI icon cost 250 rp while the MSI NA one is 1 ip... Riot letting others know that NA cost 1 IP while the rest is of better value. Good one Riot, I see what you did there lmaoo
Who will own the rift? That's a rhetorical question when SKT is attending....
LMFAOOOOOO DKM #Dead
Maybe they will add it later; who knows its way to early to say since it's been like less then 1 iteration since this rotation thing came out.
Dude, how is this leaked? News of yellowstar going to rejoin Fnatic has been on reddit for days now, I don't see how this is going to surprise anyone let alone a "Leak" LMAO.
rip balls
because they aren't Koreans lol
3834 people upvoted this video because they were silver 3 like him.
S+ = don't die simple
This should not be a thing period. Zed wil be pretty much picked or banned. I don't see the riot logic coming into this. Supports will be forced to buy crucible and exhaust to the game just to help the adc survive Enemy zed all ins.
Uhh none lol because league is a video game ?
skt turning up the heat when it's playoff spots are on the line.
LOL riot fucked bork so hard. increase price, reduce status. probably was mean't for vayne since she got wrecked as well.
IM READY BAY BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Your welcomed to play/update using Mc Donalds wifi; it's free.
Still smarter then me.
Riot doing what they do best; cock teasing the players.
I smell a Draven fan boy here.
its not working for me im getting this msg "'104.160.141.3' is not recogniz
operable program or batch file."
Its reddit man get use to it people on here are dumb as fuck. Especially when it comes to that one post about how LCS is getting real boring with the lane swap stuff and want to see more "standard" lanes..LOL
I mean as in like contain* wrote it wrong.
It's ok bro to get butthurt about it. I'm ready to hear you say something like gobal warming isn't true.