More like Hero Factory
Zoop!
As an engineering major that took IB HL calc, if you liked that and did well, you should be okay for your first year 
In a slightly larger scale. This is the only only one in standard hot wheels size 

I have them 
I’m gonna be that guy, but what does BARF mean?
As soon as you brought up the build, I thought the same thing. Won’t happen again
I actually recommend starting with season 2. Season 1 is not that great, and it’s hard to get hooked that way. Start with the Gay Penguin Wedding and you’ll be golden


Yay!
Maybe. Mine still kicking so I’ll let you know
Very capable!
Ask me how. I did it
I also know from ownership. 

I guess we just come from different sides of the experience then
Surface Book 2
I don’t 
Beautiful ❤️
Just the Halo logo of some sort. Doesn’t have to be specific, just has to look good 😉

Just experiment and I trust your instincts
Could you potentially put the Logo back on in this form? ;)
How did you get great rates?
Yup. Would play that all day if it worked and had more maps
Absolutely my buddy who is a mechanic has an 05 WRX and he would come with me and check it out in full to make sure. 

Thank you. Can’t wait to be part of the family
I was under some impression that the turbo EJ were less susceptible to head gasket failure?

It is the smallest amount of rust by it, but I agree

By turbo refresh, you mean out a whole new one in?


Sorry, I’m new to working on cars and such, but I want to learn 
I did lol

Gonna sell my Surface Book in the coming months and build one after my WRX
*But this one is mine*
IT WAS ONLY A KISS
*This is my toy car*
How do you prevent this from happening?
It does not require ultra settings to use Steam VR. Mine only meets minimum requirements and it works, not great, but it does
The MR check said my cpu was good enough. I have an i7
TAKUAAAAAA
Fuck Andrew is my entire childhood 

Bionicle and Acceleracers???

Yes
Re projection was producing the interpolated frames that felt off or juddery, as the motion couldn't be tracked as accurately. 

It would fluctuate between 40-60fps at any given moment, unless under heavy stress where I had it like physically stop and reload through the steam VR interface. I was kinda just testing the view on my display using the in Steam FPS counter. On my monitor, not sure if that provides a similar count to the headset or not, wish I could have disabled that extra screen for more fps

And those games are really the big killers that have made me feel the motion sickness the worst. I would imagine if I had a fully specked out rig that could push crazy framerates and a future headset with a higher FOV and no screendoor effect, it would be better.

I love VR and I hope it only stays around and gets better in the future. I also hope the Xbox One X get MR support of some kind, as I have one of those. Maybe I should sell my Scorpio Edition to build a PC or pay for my car money. Unsure yet. I have a lot of Xbox Content, and I love Halo more than life so

I hope all the kinks get worked out and everything runs smooth
No, it was just good, held AROUND a 60fps frame rate. 

Not enough frames to prevent motion sickness, so I returned it. I’ve played VR on proper rigs before and I don’t experience it there, on mike I do. 

I returned the game, probably will sell the headset and get a better rig somewhere down the line after my WRX and get back into it. We will see though for sure
whats it specfically called in the ini file?
It IS not for those GPUs. I experienced noticeable artifacting  
Just happened to me to. Send help
I think this is adding viable artifacting to many things in vr when I look around
Got it. I set up the MR Steam Beta stuff, downloading some mods right now
Okay. I thought temporal AA resolves the game at half resolution and does som magic to scale it back up and take jaggies and that was good for performance, like R6 Siege used to have it
It actually runs surprisingly well!
Since it is a 7 year old game and all

I shall try these things. Looking to build a new rig before the end of the year, GPU prices have been keeping me away. Also looking to get a WRX soon, so budget aha
Do I have to opt into the beta? Is it easy to roll back?

If so, how to both
Cool. Should I set super sampling to it’s lowest in steam and in SVR also?
TAKUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
It hurts too much to think about

I just really wanted to see the silencerz revealed 

And sweet Andrew to voice Vert and Jaller again  
Bet it was for AC 5 :(
One line, upright

Two standing lines to the right, rightmost shorter 

Two lines below the first, side by side and upright

Two lines to the right of that one, left one upright, right one laying down 
Love that he’s the voice for Vert Wheeler also
*BROWN*
I’m in! Let’s do this shit boys!
Noob question. Why wouldn’t you wanna run flaps in the winter time? Salt belt state here
It kinda sucks
*She day do you love me*
C L A S S I C A R T S T Y L E 
B L A C K U N D E R S U I T S
Right on. Price?
Cool! Arcadey or simulation controls?
That beautiful, beautiful bug eye 🐛 
Korg, the best character from Thor: Ragnarock

*Hey new Doug*
Just picked up and built the current beetle last weekend. Damn is it nice as all hell
Did the poly bag come with a fig?
What’s the song called?
Hot fuss
Sams town
Battleborn

My top 3
In the salt belt state so I’m all about embracing what comes my way. No car is safe here. 

And thank you. Any pics?
W E   T H I N K   W E   K N O W   Y O U
Understood. What do you like and dislike about your wagon?
That’s fair. What should I expect and what type of cost do you think they’ll be?
I recommend paying the few bucks to upgrade to premium. The developer is quite active on reddit and comes her for user suggestions 

r/apolloapp 

Removes the ads and adds features as well


And holy hell that car makes me feel things I shouldn’t 😩

How much was it?
If you’re using a reddit app on your phone, you should be able to post a picture in a comment with a button like this [My Buds WRX](https://i.imgur.com/TMMssU0.jpg)

I use Apollo for iOS
I also need to learn manual and my buddy said he’d let me learn in his WRX. 

When you say you beat it up, do you mean you beat on it, like slamming gears and stuff?

And tbh I’m not that far from Michigan so if you’re ever looking to part with one, let me know. You sound like a real enthusiast and know what you’re taking about :)

Thank you very much
Pics??
*And my momma*
*She say do you love me*
Thank you for being a great guy and commenting :)

I'm a sucker for Wagons and Hatchbacks and I'm quite disappointed that the WRX no longer includes a hatch option. Oh well!

Thank you again!
Brig back the Mahri please. My favorite. 
Rip in peace my sweet sweet Tahu boi. 

(LEGO and 343 plxx)
Yup. Came out around Halo 5. Was a Hot Topic thinng
Can I uh, join for a sec? :)
Just started playing on PC this past week. Glad they gave newcomers like I all the operators. My friend that I play with has hundreds off hours logged and the skill gap between him and I is incredible. It just drives me to want to be better though. 


I would also put Halo in there. The skill gap in those games can be pretty crazy. That series is my bread and butter, so for many years and hours I put in, my skill has only gone up. Playing with friends who don’t traditionally play Halo is a clear showing of the skill gap it creates. 
The college life my dude taking up all my game time
That makes me sad. 
Reach and 3 and some awesome griffball 
Maybe I’m missing out on something, but is griffball really that unpopular?
You can always buy it through the Xbox Store if you would like. That’s my favorite helmet and I decided I needed it. And the proceeds do go to fund the tournament winnings so it’s good there. I just really needed that helmet lol
Using a 965m 2gb and was looking for any recommendations to get more performance or other games that run fine on here (hot dogs, horse shoes and handgrenades and others maybe). Thanks!
Pmd 
In many ways, they’ll miss the good ole days...
Rolled back broken GPU drivers and it fixed it
Just tried to install new drivers via GeForce Experience. It said it couldn’t continue cause it couldn’t find the hardware. Fuck. What do I do
Hm. Now overwatch can’t even find my gpu when specified to run on it in the nvidia control panel. The device manager stays it’s showing up. Opting overwatch gives me 7fps on high settings, which I default to. I can’t even hear the GPU spinning up, which is true for both games 
I’m getting sub 20 FPS in the menus at 720p. Any help?
Just downloaded it right now. I’ll let ya know later how my experience goes. Gonna tweak it till it’s perfect 
Did you force it to run with the 965m?
How about a 960 4gb FTW?
What about getting a 960 4gb FTW to tide my build over until the next gen gpus are out?
pm'd
Made some modifications to the list that I'm happy with. 

Was wondering about the GPU side of things, I know I want to upgrade to a next Gen Nvidia card when they come out, and I do not have a VR headset yet, so I was wondering if I were to get a temporary card that was fine for medium-low 1080p 60fps gaming on a budget just as a temporary part, what would you recommend?



[PCPartPicker part list](https://pcpartpicker.com/list/2rgNGG) / [Price breakdown by merchant](https://pcpartpicker.com/list/2rgNGG/by_merchant/)

Type|Item|Price
:----|:----|:----
**CPU** | [AMD - Ryzen 5 1500X 3.5GHz Quad-Core Processor](https://pcpartpicker.com/product/VtFXsY/amd-ryzen-5-1500x-35ghz-quad-core-processor-yd150xbbaebox) | $159.89 @ OutletPC 
**Motherboard** | [MSI - B350M GAMING PRO Micro ATX AM4 Motherboard](https://pcpartpicker.com/product/TsfmP6/msi-b350m-gaming-pro-micro-atx-am4-motherboard-b350m-gaming-pro) | $77.89 @ OutletPC 
**Memory** | [Corsair - Vengeance RGB 16GB (2 x 8GB) DDR4-2666 Memory](https://pcpartpicker.com/product/NctWGX/corsair-vengeance-rgb-16gb-2-x-8gb-ddr4-2666-memory-cmr16gx4m2a2666c16) | $189.99 @ Amazon 
**Storage** | [Kingston - A400 120GB 2.5" Solid State Drive](https://pcpartpicker.com/product/2FDzK8/kingston-a400-120gb-25-solid-state-drive-sa400s37120g) | $49.99 @ Best Buy 
**Storage** | [Seagate - Barracuda 2TB 3.5" 7200RPM Internal Hard Drive](https://pcpartpicker.com/product/CbL7YJ/seagate-barracuda-2tb-35-7200rpm-internal-hard-drive-st2000dm006) | $59.79 @ OutletPC 
**Video Card** | [EVGA - GeForce GTX 1060 3GB 3GB GAMING Video Card](https://pcpartpicker.com/product/HWtWGX/evga-geforce-gtx-1060-3gb-gaming-video-card-03g-p4-6160) | $284.98 @ Newegg 
**Case** | [Rosewill - BlackHawk ATX Mid Tower Case](https://pcpartpicker.com/product/R73RsY/rosewill-case-blackhawk) | $19.99 @ Newegg 
**Power Supply** | [EVGA - BT 450W 80+ Bronze Certified ATX Power Supply](https://pcpartpicker.com/product/GQX2FT/evga-bt-450w-80-bronze-certified-atx-power-supply-100-bt-0450-k1) | $21.99 @ B&H 
**Wireless Network Adapter** | [Rosewill - RNX-N150UBE USB 2.0 802.11b/g/n Wi-Fi Adapter](https://pcpartpicker.com/product/4rNp99/rosewill-wireless-network-card-rnxn150ube) | $13.99 @ Newegg Business 
**Monitor** | [Asus - VS228H-P 21.5" 1920x1080 Monitor](https://pcpartpicker.com/product/MZYXsY/asus-monitor-vs228hp) | $99.99 @ Amazon 
**Keyboard** | [Hcman - Hcman H01 Wired Gaming Keyboard](https://pcpartpicker.com/product/pJdFf7/hcman-hcman-h01-wired-gaming-keyboard-hcman-h01) | $29.99 @ Amazon 
 | *Prices include shipping, taxes, rebates, and discounts* |
 | Total (before mail-in rebates) | $1023.48
 | Mail-in rebates | -$15.00
 | **Total** | **$1008.48**
 | Generated by [PCPartPicker](http://pcpartpicker.com) 2018-02-28 18:21 EST-0500 |
Frick. I'm looking to build soon, should I just keep buying other parts and holding off until prices drop or the next Nvidia cards drop?

Paired with a Ryzen 5 1500x OC and OC Corsair Vengence 16 gigs DDR 4
My hero ❤️
Awesome! This is a wonderful build. A few questions before diving in, 


How do I keep track of price drops or best times to buy these items?


Is the system overclockable? Both CPU and GPU and RAM


Does the motherboard support RGB?


Any recommendations on cheap and effective 1080 P+ and 60 FPS+ monitors? 


In the same vein, cheap but effective mechanical keyboard?


And finally, a Bluetooth adapter? Going to need that


If you wanna add these to the current build, that’s fine. Thank you ever so much :)
Awesome. Do you know if VR games are more multi-core hungry?
If I can get a 6gig 1060 for roughly $329 should I do it, or should I just shave the money for other things/GPU upgrades?
Thank you very much :)

Just checking in with the other suggestion above...

1500x vs 1600 CPU + cooler?

Overclockable motherboard?

Maybe more SSD storage?

Is 3 gigs sufficient in VRAM? I feel like that a major bottleneck currently with 2 gb cards. I'm not entirely sure


I'm not sure about the reliability of Hitachi drives, mostly due to the fact I've never heard of them lol

Push the budget a little, I know these are trying times with actually getting parts on the cheap, which sucks. Thanks :)
Hm, what if I changed it to a gaming/Non-VR rig only, with the ability to make upgrades into VR?
Spartans don’t die, they’re just missing in action
Thanks. I'll probably be looking into a more gaming oriented laptop or build a desktop next.

TBH I wish I had a more capable and less expensive device aha
Dammit :(

Okay. Lesson learned
How is your experience with your 1050?
Thank you
I think its because of the Optimus integration that requires the DGPU to tun through the integrated which is always running the display. Its reporting the integrated GPU. Hm. 
Even changing it to global setting use it after restart still uses integrated?
Okay. Its using my integrated Graphics for some reason. Need to make that change
$200 cheaper on Amazon

https://www.amazon.com/dp/B077R65C4D/ref=olp_product_details?_encoding=UTF8&me=
I'm going to try the Stream VR checker
Yikes. The Dell one on Amazon looks pretty neat. Paying for returns would kind of suck though
This is the Surface Book 1. 965m
It just gave me a GPU warning showing both the 965m and the intel integrated 520 :( I don't know how much that will affect it
What milsim with Halo mods do you recommend?
The entire Halo Series, bar 5
What did you use to do for Apple?
Yikes :(
AVENTON5
Were those colors stock?
Did it just get hot in here or is it just me?
Thats what I like to hear!
Fyxation!
Thanks my dude :)
Agree. I think its due to some fact that the Mataro at a point had some issues with the fork (?) and the stigma of that has stuck, unfortunately. 
It’s been rainy all of today, but of what I’ve risen it’s been great!
Mataro V2 got announced last Wednesday :)
Thank you :)
There is a 5% off code that brought it more to like $435
Halo 5
The plating was about to fail. There’s viscosity throughout the gel layer. Optics? Totally fried. And let’s not even talk about the power supply. You know how expensive this Seeker gear is son?
S E E K E R U N D E R S U I T
F
Does other apps that track via GPS work?
Which phone?
In the insta video, the confirm that it’s getting all the frame upgrades that the current Córdoba has
Ahhhh. I feel right at home ❤️
B L A C K U N D E R S U I T S
How did it end up like this?
Ooh hey Grim! 👋 

I would agree, it’s also got some of the most badass scenes and quoteable lines of all of the franchise. 


You got


Space pickles

Needing a weapon

Making more noise

Hijacking a prophet

“Boo” and no walking animation grunt

“You look nice”

Don’t make a girl a promise...

A Shakespearian Gravemind

Tartarus, the Prophets havw betrayed us...

Blow Me Away

Steve Vai

Chips Dubbo

Xbox Live

Super Bounces

BXR

MLG

Shoving butter knives into the disktray to get specific maps


Take me home 343


plz Grimoire don’t

plz
As someone new to fixed bikes and this sub, What is this referring to?
Oder they came out

Ce:A, 2A, 3, ODST, Reach, 4, 5
What’s the rundown on your ride?
How does everyone feel about the Aventon Córdoba as someone’s first fixie for road riding? Some hills, 1 major one, about <15 miles daily. 

I know a downside potentially is the aluminum frame, but I have been riding a 2015 Trek FX 7.1 for a few years and it has an aluminum frame. All  has been fine so far. 

What are your guy’s thoughts?

https://www.aventon.com/collections/all/products/cordoba-complete-fairfax-bundle?variant=164781096978
Right on man. If its still riding wonderfully, I'm gonna copy your set up :)

Looks wonderful
You cycle in Milwaukee bro? :)
What type of accessories or upgrades did you spec it out with my man? What pedals are those? I really like em!
Nice nice. What is your daily setup rn?
Hey my dude, I was looking at getting this as my first fixie.

I was just wondering how it has been holding up and how you have enjoyed it so far :)

Thank you!
Right on. What type of commute do you normally ride? I'm gonna be mostly road with several relatively steep hills. Do you think this will still suit me?
Is yours steel or aluminum?
Is yours steel or aluminum?
Gotcha. Why would you get steel over aluminum? I know the street ride might be smoother while riding with steel, if that’s correct. What other reasons?
Anything substantially good or bad? Anything better for this price? 
https://www.aventon.com/collections/all/products/cordoba-complete-fairfax-bundle?variant=164781096978

What do you guys think about it for an entry point fixie?
Got it. Any suggestions?
Thank you for the input. He did mention he does do paint and can easily change it to what I want. 

And definitely will measure up soon. I want it to fit nice and right. 

Are there any nice bikes or builds, either through separate parts or a bundle, of this type of quality and price?
Good call. Gonna test it next week. Other than height, is it good?
Hi there,

A little bit of background. I've been biking for as long as I can remember, gears and all (Trek Fx 7.2 2015 is my current ride). My buddy took me on a ride and let me ride his 2017 Specialized Langster Street. It was a whole different ball game and now I can't get fixies off of my mind.

Long story short, I went to a few of my local bike shops and talked with the guys and one of them was looking to sell his custom build due to many years of riding fixies and knee problems. 

I am looking to do about 12-15 miles starting in the Spring with several hills, with one being severe. I am about 5'7"-8"

He was a really nice guy, and was looking for about $550 for this build. Under 1000 miles on it.

* Frame - Giant Bowery 56cm center-top 
* Origin 8 Carbon/Alloy Fork
* SRAM Omnium Cranks 165mm
* Giant Connect Stem 100mm
* Bontrager Alloy Drop Bars 42cm
* Kalloy Seatpost
* Masi Addle
* Profile Racing Track Hubs 28h laced to DT Swiss RR465 Rims
* Sapim D-Lite Spokes
* Sapim Secure Lock Nipples
* Panaracer Rimbo rear tire
* Panaracer Gravel King tire in front

[Pictures here](https://imgur.com/a/PIO4o)

Thank you guys very much! 

If anyone could explain why each component is good or bad and what you would pay for something like this, that would be amazing!
Overwatch sounds like a really good time!

And I've never played a prime game before so I hope my first outing will be good!
Life is but a dream
Halo

jk

Any major shooter with crossplay essentially 

Chimney

As a silly kid I always repeat words in my head on long car trips. I would see things use their names. I remember seeing a chimney and repeating it in several different ways until it lost meaning (fun fact, it is called[Semantic Satiation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Semantic_satiation) ). I just realized there are several different ways to pronounce the word, 2 syllables and 3 syllables, and just kinda got lost in it. 

Anyways, that my favorite word for the most random of reasons :)

As a broke college kid, I got lucky and was gifted a switch. The games I would like would be either a Pre-order for Animal Crossing or a copy of one of the next mainline Pokemon games for Switch


Thank you :)
Holy shit. What a steal. Need
I think they cared about having it out ASAP, but I it seems like there is lots of support following the release. Otherwise the game plays really well and with crossplay no less
Not borderline, it IS unreadable, even on a 4K tv
Gotta agree. Thats what makes AC feel so different than the rest of these simulation games
343

One of the best games of this generation!
Thank you! 

Random question, but which variant of elite is your favorite from Halo? I prefer the armor styling of Reach but the actual elite of H2A and it’s color schemes 
Don’t be sad mr elite. Can I have a link to the rebuilt forms?
My bad. I didn’t know they released it separately

Yup. It pulls in air from both side. Use a stand people
You need the stand that case with the Scorpio edition of the console
Okay, I can agree with that they are ugly underneath. And messing with the color of the rank is definitely not preferred, but the armor lineup that was introduced as well as their stance and the way they fought in Reach actually made me scared to fight them on Legendary. 

Just the way they stood and acted like such bad assets due to the AI made Reach elites the best imo. 

They are not balanced to be 1 to 1 with Spartans for multiplayer games play, they just kick ass

I do understand H2 and H2A. They are classic and look fantastic :)
Yes. Any color combination really. I think Reach was the pinnacle of design and colors
Just make em look like the H2A or Halo Reach Elites
Twice the pride, double the fall
##DEEP
What’s included with the steel book? Just the disk or other collectibles?
Merry Chrysler and have a good cake day papi. Ill bring the za'
Hit me up u hot boi. Ill pick up some extra za'
If you don’t mind me asking, what do you do for a living to afford such an awesome collection? :)
Overwatch almost seems perfect for the switch. The idea in my head is making me almost giddy
F
What do you call it when Batman skips church?

Christian Bale! :)
My good pal from my childhood finally got an Xbox One S after us talking about it for so long. 

Last night, we were ripping it up in Horizon 3 and on a whim gifted him a copy of Halo 5, one of my favorite games. I'm very happy and excited, but he also really likes Minecraft as well. It was not on sale this Winter sale, so he did not get it. 

It would be awesome for him to have a copy of Minecraft so we could game like we were kids again :)

Thank you my dude 
They still have these up?
RIP exo force 
Yeah right Lisa. A wonderful, MAGICAL animal. heheh
I said we were beaten by the best, boy
777
Kohrok 
Nope. Apple only allows very specific apps on CarPlay. Why wouldn't Google, the largest aggregate of user and traffic information, not want to take advantage of CarPlay? 

And if Google didn't want to do it, don't you think we would have seen other maps appear on CarPlay already?
Spotify is now available in car play
And they do. And they already did with Google Play music. Apple doesn’t allow for alternative maps on CarPlay
K 
The biggest benefit for me is that it include YouTube red in the price and having no ads on mobile as well as background play and offline video makes it worth it

Spotify has better radio stations

The spotty app seems more stable too hen losing internet connection

Other than that I’ve been using it for years
Well they have brought Google Play Music (Which is my preferred music streaming service) to CarPlay this June
Please Apple let me use it
Thank you for helping me make a decision :) Ive had issues with sunroofs before, and i never really did use it
Just a little Late, but I have a choice between a 2016 Golf S with and without a Sunroof. Can you let me Know why the sun roofs are bad?
Price matched at target!
Price matched this at my local target
Were you blinded by its Majesty?
Let us know
Bought a day 1 scorpio edition from Gamestop, they said that the Scorpio Edition did not count towards the promo
Can’t believe I saw titties* and blue milk in the same scene. It’s all I ever wanted 
2 rabbits
Can confirm. I have a surface book with a performance base
Cool! Does it support up to 8 like on Xbox? and single joycons?
Any games that are great with 1 joycon a piece with 4-6 players that isn't Mario Kart? I know RL is also on that list. 

Preferably up to 6 with a single Joycon per player
Love this video!!
Whenever life has me in a knot, I like to watch this playlist of 200 hilarious videos under 30 seconds that remind me that everything is going to be okay :)

https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL54856EB4DCF67FD6

Love you. Stay strong <3
If you don’t mind me asking, what is your career where you get to have 2 Porsches? 😜
Yes it is 🧐
Is Kota still canon?
Nooooo!
Agreed. Would have made a great X launch ad
Perfectly fine i n handheld only. I recommend an external battery though. Playing with a single joycon can sometimes feel cramped when playing multiplayer games. I am going to get a Pro Controller for home and extra joycons for local multiplayer. As well as a portable dock and a glass screen protector
This is EXACTLY what happened
Nice! How would it check if it’s linked to my Nintendo account. And this is exactly the type of game I wanted. Idk how I feel about swinging my iPhone X around like a madman though
If you could direct me to a cheap copy somewhere, I probably will tbh
Yeah. Probably like 30 or so. Not 100% on the number
Just joined the switch train. Have a happy holidays guys :)
Is 64 gigs enough for a memory card? Should I get a case/screen protector? If so, which one?

And same with a charging cable and brick. Can I used a phone adapter to charge?
Yes it is. $1 for month one and $9.99 every month after. That’s how it works
Did you start to gameshare with someone?
This is one of the greatest Halo articles of all time
La La Land, Spider-Man Homecoming and Baby Driver look great now :) 

4K and HDR
Did you add the other account of the person that is sharing to your new Xbox? If you did a local or external hard drive transfer, then it doesn’t bring over any other signed in accounts and you will have to sign them into your new Xbox to access those games 
Could you ship it?
so uncivilized
Thanks fam
So should I be running 8bit or 10bit color through it? Currently have it set to 10
you’re funny 😘 sexy beast elitist you
Then at least we have native 4K
Damn no need to be rude
I'm an Xbox guy at heart (for Bungies first world stealing game, Halo), but my Ps4 slim stands proudly with em. I'm a gamer at heart, not a loyalist
If you have an X, it auto does it and you cannot turn it off. So yes. youll still get all the benefits of higher resolution assets
As a One X Scorpio Edition owner, the truth hurts :(

F
Pray they don't alter it any further
COD WW2 has that same effect on me along with native 4k 60fps
Are you game sharing those games?

And for me, i just clicked install and they finished updates and then started. just try to click it
F
native 4k
native 4k, 60fps
Just showed up! Gotta make it through this day of school first...
Silver or space grey?
Goddamn that thing is sexy
I'm really glad I got my Scorpio Edition from Gamestop because although they can kind of be a not consumer friendly 24/7, but that are awesome on getting me pre orders. Going to a midnight launch for my Scorpio Edition!
Thank you. That’s exactly what I needed to know
Will there be any deals of purchasing any enchanted games when picking up the console?
Gonna take a W on my calc exam 🙏

Gonna set up and play with the shit outta the phone

Gonna play overwatch/Pubg/Whatever I feel like playing 

Get ready to go to work in the morning 
it was just confirmed on twitter
i second this. a beautiful piece
Higher res please? Where did it come?
Nope
Same!!
Same thing happened to me!
Just got mine shipped!
Well it does have playstation marketing, along with COD WW2 and Destiny 2, and all of them are being enhanced so
Me too. 64 Gig silver coming in
No worries! Have fun gaming!
In the same boat. I hope it comes Friday 
Yup. They’ll run like a normal Xbox one. Then when you get your X, you can move you’re stuff via a external hard drive or network transfer! Then you won’t have to download anything extra and they’ll run the best on your Xbox One x!
Yes, but not until 2018 when the MCC gets patched
https://www.halowaypoint.com/en-us/news/odds-ends

https://www.reddit.com/r/halo/comments/77q13s/halo_mcc_what_happened_and_what_happens_next/
Nope! It comes out 11/15 for the standard edition
Nothing yet
The new dashboard update made the interface super snappy. And it won’t if you don’t have the option ticked to download the One X assets
❤️
No, MCC will be getting the better update, with 60 FPS
Good one...?
It essentially takes blurry textures and makes the sharp and pleasant to look at. And you’re welcome :)
Loading times of any game on the One X will be improved substantially

You will be looking at most likely a locked frame rate, resolution bump to 4k and super improved texture filtering :)
And? So what? Its my money. I thought the beta was a lot of fun and what they said about how lootcrates work is fine with me. So don't even give me that
Shits busted, yo
Nope, no benefit of downloading One X updates on a base xbox one if youre not going to upgrade to a One X. The base One and the S will not be seeing improvements on 360 games 
Sometimes it does that, its not fully working yet, so some games arent showing yet, even if patched or not. So just wait
Yes they do. This is on an OG xbox one
http://www.ign.com/articles/2017/10/23/4-xbox-360-games-getting-xbox-one-x-enhancements
just be patient

they'll come eventually. Some games are in the ehanced section without patch downloads yet
It would show up in in your updates tab if its ready to be updated. You might just have to wait
Like update your console

And the store on Xbox is an app that can be updated?
Update Xbox One and Store app
Update Xbox One and Store app
Yup Pre-load went up in the last 2 weeks
Exactly. The content download isn’t available yet
Update store app and Xbox 
360 on One X will have higher resolution, but MCC runs at upscaled 4k AND it had 60 FPS 

So you gotta pick :)

MCC will be better in the end when it’s fixed next year
Yup. You’ll have to patch it when you get the disk 
Look at these circle of jerks all circlejerking. 
Same. I’m sad
I agree with Black Friday not providing a better deal but maybe a free game while in stock

But the benefits other than old times include MUCH higher resolution textures and texture filtering along with downsampling to 1080 p displays. A might higher LOD all around
As an employee, we will absolutely price match Apple stuff
Has anybody had this work when ordering directly through T-Mobile?
Yup! Lol

I was trying to comment on the UPS shipping tracking trick. My bad
Good call. But I meant the trick. I’m trying and it’s not working for me, so if any other T-Mobile customer can confirm it works for them that would be great
Does this work with devices ordered through TMobile?
In the same boat. Looking forward to hopefully get this phone on launch!
Damn. Probably just bumped for people who orders through Apple. I got mine through T-Mobile 
Did y’all order from Apple or T-Mobile?
Went into the store with a long tenure and perfect credit. Didn’t offer 0 down. Said it wasn’t a thing. RIP
Anybody got their 64 gig silver pushed from 11/3-11/10 to 11/2-11/3?
Ah it’s okay. Some things came up where the online site didn’t work. 

I went to the store for a silver 64gig and 3-10 shopping for me
Ya got this with color?
The game felt empty and lonely to me, ya feel?
Going to pre order at 4:30 pm Central for the Silver 64gig in store. Pray for me for launch day
I had 2 Mbps down at the time, soooo....
Hm, I don't see a reason for the One X to not handle all the Ultra textures
This is how I roll. Bought some wonderful QC35's over the summer and they have been wonderful for media consumption in the house. I had a pair of Jaybird Freedoms, sold them to a pal and bought Air Pods a week ago.They're truly wonderful and convenient. EXCELLENT battery life and fantastic sound. When i wear them I sometimes forget they are there.

My QC35's are great fro long study sessions or watching movies, tv, or gaming. But when I'm on the go, Air Pods every time. And they way they pair with your device is truly magical. 

They're gonna go great with my X ;)
Aw. I remember putting my Xbox into offline mode so it didn't have to download the fat update and i played through the entire campaign in one sitting. Fun times :)
Aw. I remember putting my Xbox into offline mode so it didn't have to download the fat update and i played through the entire campaign in one sitting. Fun times :)
It’s not a story Microsoft would tel you
Is it a full animal crossing game?
On Gamestop's website the packaging only says Xbox One X Enhanced and HDR

I bet 2k checkerboarded up to 4k at 60fps and incredible textures and texture filtering

https://www.gamestop.com/xbox-one/games/star-wars-battlefront-ii/147114
Why?
Of course. If you have any more questions feel free to ask
Well ya see, I upgraded to a 4k HDR display and have been slowly amassing a collection of 4k Blu Ray as well. I also kinda got a killer deal on my used games and console for $300, so I only had to pay $200 out of pocket for this beast. If I didn't get that deal or a new 4k TV then I would probably would have not got one TBH. 


But not even gonna lie, I'm so happy that I did cause a TON of games I love and ones that are coming out have high resolutions and high frame rates along with incredible enhanced effects as well as Ultra PC level textures and texture filtering. I really hate poor texture filtering.

Now with 360 and OG Xbox games getting Scorpio enhancements, along with MCC getting finally fixed and enhanced, I have no regrets.

I also really like VR but I dont have a crazy PC rig to get a Vive, so I hope for One X Mixed Reality Support for games.

I also love what Phil Spencer has done for Xbox since he took over, and I wanna support his vision of he future

I'm also a sucker for exclusive paint jobs/editions of consoles, so the Scorpio Edition is something I wanted 

Feel me? :)
Rip. Idk why ign posted their vid in 60fps then
Will this also bring 60 FPS as well?

That would make me play it forever
I cannot wait for my Scorpio Edition!
What’s your favorite episode of Binging With Babish? :)
Is your user name in reference to Bionicle? :)
*And see how our faith has been rewarded*
Monthly
Oops. Meant to respond to geth response to your comment
Does this unit have a soul?
Yeah this might be the way to go. I totally feel everyone on forgetting about account money. I’ll have to go this route next time after Battlefront 2
TCL S405
333
Could you throw in the iPhone 8, 8+, (but most importantly) the iPhone X
Halo 5 :)
Im not sure
Something like this?
**https://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16822235089**

And it has those dampeners inside the system as well to reduce noise and shaking of components
Not even 7200 RPM? :(
Goddamn those comments are toxic
My favorite first world problem to have :,)

Can't wait to get my Scorpio Edition
Halo 3!!!
TLDW?
Well Halo 5 is almost 2 years old too
Lol. It’s okay. I got the game day 1 and the first thing I did was a Normal speed run. Finished in about 6 hours. Highly disappointed in story and level design, except for a few standout ones 
This makes me want to play Halo 5's story
33
Our Mayfair location is getting the One X. I work at south ridge location and we had t last weekend
Wisconsin
I thought the beta started October 4th?
A scuff elite controller?

Is this an official Microsoft Elite controller or is that what Scuff calls this specific kind of controller?
Forge maps look like play doh
So confirmation that Halo 5 won’t be getting HDR at all? But just a major asset and resolution update?
What if instead of downloading the 720 + 30 FPS version, if played on the the one, it would download the 1080, 60 FPS for the game?
Every Halo game going forward will have split screen, actually
As someone who in the sales floor at Best Buy, thank you 🙏 
"Saturday, September 23: 12 noon–7 p.m. 

Sunday, September 24: 11 a.m.–6 p.m."

It was a limited thing
Wtf? What did you think the response was going to be on the Xbox One Subreddit?

what a great guy

a great pal

really a jokester at all events and parties

love ya dude 😘
....Have you done any research? Read up anything about the analytics of the demo? Watched anything from Digital Foundry? 

It's matches the PC at Ultra at NATIVE 4k with a AMD specific AA instead of 8X MSAA

It is 100% not upscaled, not checkerboarded, but NATIVE 4k at 60fps
What does that even mean????

It was a native 2160p at 60fps
https://www.bestbuy.com/site/xbox-one/xbox-one-x/pcmcat1476474018563.c?id=pcmcat1476474018563
https://www.bestbuy.com/site/xbox-one/xbox-one-x/pcmcat1476474018563.c?id=pcmcat1476474018563
These are the Gamescom Xbox One X. It’s is also the gamescom build of the Forza 7 demo. 

Running 4k, 60 FPS. HDR was sadly not supported by the TV itself. Free Xbox One X stickers, Shirts, and wrsistbands too. 

I was very blown away by how beautiful it is
It works with social playlists only, not ranked
You need to look up “halo 3” on the store and there it will be
Download works the same as the disk
343
Its not in the demo as of currently, but will be in the full game 
The demo will eventually be updated to do so
https://forums.forzamotorsport.net/turn10_postst103571_Forza-Motorsport-7-Demo-FAQ-and-Known-Issues.aspx

Its not in the demo as of currently, but will be in the full game 
The demo will eventually be updated to do so
https://forums.forzamotorsport.net/turn10_postst103571_Forza-Motorsport-7-Demo-FAQ-and-Known-Issues.aspx
You can get a brand new S with a new game or 2 for about $200 if you search hard enough 
Xbox ones are very cheap now a days though. And 360 backwards comparability. And Xbox one games like. MCC, H5, and HW2
r/greatxboxdeals
I thought the One X was its WAY of getting 2.1 certified cause all the 2.1 specs were not set in stone yet. And when it is, it will be for sure 
And a One X upgrade!
Same boat here. Madden and forza is EXACTLY what he needs
Nugget 
They charge like your phone. Constantly. Which is totally fine for modern day batteries 
My feet are wet, but my cuffs are bone dry!
A lot of the high ranking elites in Reach made me feel the same way as well
Demo. They have them at my store 
690
Pepsi man
Hello!
gonna
😩😩😩😩😩😂😂😂😂 thank u op
Www.Farmersonly.com ;)
Would that just make it faster or allow it to do more?
Are there any general tips or tricks or modification to the files that allow for more consistent frame rates? Or a Vsync that goes up to 60 fps?

Also anyone using a Surface Book with a Performance Base?
I feel that the Nvidia card is running, but its gives me the option to detach an I have set the game to run with the Dgpu in the control panel. Hmmmm
Halo is my favorite franchise ever. 

I remember being in 3rd grade and playing Halo 1 split screen with my best friends and my sister and having my ass kicked repeatedly, but I remember coming home and having spaghetti telling my parents about this awesome game I played. 

It was love at first sight. 

Ever since, I've been collecting halo merch and playing the games religiously. I never truly played any of the Halo Wars and I've been waiting for 2 to drop in price digitally. 

I'm ready to get into the RTS scene on both my Xbox one and pc!
Interested :)
I think MW3 is better then MW2 or BLOPS 2
Hm. Please explain how this works? 
Stupid fucking snowbound
My biggest fear is heights. I would really love to try it one day. I just don't know how to conquer it :(
Big Brother?
And IR blaster
Yes. Putting together my stuff right now
Yes. I'll have the screenshots and details up in a few hours. Along with Rocketman
This is true! I traded a steam card for Skyrim and never got a code that worked!
I can start at 20, but I'm willing to flex on the deal for sure
USA
Yup. The scraps of the Landfall project that was supposed to be turned into a full scale Halo film was turned into District 9. I think you can see some modified BR in the film
These "life with chief" vids are my fucking jam
Uh. You can get straight up cash for your stuff at a much reduced rate?
You should really give Halo 5's gameplay/multiplayer another chance
Don't most card games work like hearthstone where expansions are released constantly?
How does On even do this without noticing the awful smell of burning/melting plastic right away?
I think your assumptions, lack of interest on mods, and lack of knowledge on the GTA single player mods blind you from seeing the whole picture 

Illegitimate money does not come from single player mods. The money there does not transfer into your online character. The mod literally does not let you log onto gta online until you disable it
The issue at hand is the cease and desist to single player mod developers on the basis that the publish claims that these mods are causing online cheating, which they are clearly not. Modding single player is a staple of the series and keeps people coming back and does nothing to harm multiplayer, therefore people are up in arms. People want to play on PC and reap all the benefits that come with it. 
Why are they unattainable?
Send me that sweet sweet PM papi
Microsoft Surface Book w/ Performance Base for light PC gaming like overwatch and  CS GO

Original Xbox One with a 2TB external
Elite controller
Hyper X Core

A Westinghouse 1080p tv

Gonna upgrade to a nice Sony/Samsung/Vizio 4K HDR tv and an Xbox One X in the fall :)

Maybe get a Switch for exclusives and a PS4 Pro for Spider-Man and other exclusives :)
It's the Smartphone approach
No and yes. Both engines are modifications off the Reach engine. 

343 went Reach > 4 > 5

Bungee went Reach > D1 >D2

But both obviously have been heavily modified since he Reach engine, so to say they are the same is wrong 
SPIDER MAN
Noooo
I hate sand 
I'm ready!
Thanks. Is there a video or article that can explain this stuff to me?
Thank you so much. There is a game mode built in and turning off the power saving makes the screen less dark.

It seems like a pretty solid contender
My friend has this TV and it does have active HDR and it triggers when watching Daredevil in 4K on Netflix. 

What is it missing from making the experience full?
Got it. What would be a recommendation for the cheapest HDR10 4K TV that would work with the One S within the 40" range? Please leave suggestions
Looks wonderful, but that type of price is not in my budget right now
3 copies here 
Thank you :)
Halo 3
No ads, access to content behind the YouTube red paywall
Does t support YouTube red?
It could also potentially be about someone who is constantly worrying about his girlfriend and THINKS she's out cheating on him 

It's "all in my head" but he knows that this is unhealthy and must force himself to become "Mr. Brightside" as he thinks himself into anxiety and nervousness 
Goddammit. I love Halo. I just want the glory days of Halo here
WRX, WRX, WRX
Wrex
Wrex 
Could you give me a quick rundown on UV mapping please?
Mass effect style. Old humans vs forerunners vs flood
"Dad?"
Can someone help find the video where Bruce Adam and James sing Alien Ant Farm?

They name "Smooth criminal" and "Movies" and I think James sings it?
Dad come home
For the dlc
Yes yes yes.  This. A million times this. With their liverys. I would pay  aly of money for a Forza Accelracers game
Fucking DAREDEVIL????
Now you can play it on Xbox One with Backwards Compatibility :)
Just an informal Bionicle question, how do you feel about the transition in 2009 to Bara Magna and the change in character and world types? What were your favorite years of gen 1?
Do you think this could possibly turn into something you would actually do? 😉
Have you ever thought of making in depth analysis of the story and sets of Gen 1 and 2 as videos? Or even review sets. 

I most definitely would watch them, as you make the best lore videos for Halo already. 
Except for 5
What the fuck. How??
Question 2?
Real question, why are patches now a days the same size as games from the last generation of consoles?
Wonderful! Thank you so much for your time. One last thing, how do I win a code for this sweet game? ;)
What games would you consider Aaero pull influence from, if any? 

Do you think rhythm games will ever make a  crazy comeback like the hay days of Guitar Hero 3 and Rock Band 2?

Does the game have licensed music? If so, what are your favorite tracks? If not, what songs/artists influenced the musical design of the game? 
2meta2furious
You can play Black Ops 2 on Xbox one now with Backwards Compatability
This is correct. Coincidence does not equal irony
Fool me twice; can't put the blame on you
Snagged the last one at my local TRU. Thanks!
I'm all in!
Im all in!
Grunts are actually pretty big 
Only H5
From my perspective, the Jedi are evil
And Halo 3 came out. Ahhh
Holy shit. 2007. i was in third grade too. I remember loving Bionicle and Exo Force so much
RIP Black Team
Nooooo!
3333
Mass Effect Andromeda or Halo Wars 2!
This is right. The Peacekeeper is dope as fuck
 Would be perfectly satisfied with that
Pretty sure there's player made single player "expansions" that have ton of replay ability 
Are these all in gameplay assets?
i thought on Xbox both were on the same disk and PS4 was the one with the code?
You're too kind OP 😘
It's faster if you go offline cause then it'll first install everything off the disk then when you go online it'll download vs downloading AND installing at the same time. It is faster 
Porsche or NASCAR DLC please! Thank you Moa!
Deus Ex please!
halo mcc
Halo
I would like to win please!
His allows for people to create custom single player maps for others to download and play. 

Free single player expansion packs and community created ones
My name is Commander Shepard, and this is my favorite set of buzzwords on r/android
Under $60 on amazon currently
Under 60 on amazon
Fucking supply drops

I was going to get this game this week but that hurts me
I would buy some sweet Gears of War pop figures!
I think the H2A one should be the gameplay one and NOT the Blur one
Nooooo
7777
He way the visor pulls in towards the bottom hurts me 😭
I think, and don't quote me, the "safeguard sentinels" are a variant of sentinel we fight in game. The safeguard to a flood exposure/breakout. There are probably sentinel variants for building and maintenance and such. 

So it's probably just a normal sentinel beam we are all used to
Yeah. The other person never responded so you win by default. My bad. It's a busy time lmao. I'll PM you
Is this on Xbox?
My favorite moment in CoD would be those great times when my best friend and I would play MW3 when he first got his 360. I remember the day him and I went to target and picked me up a copy and my first match of TDM on Seatown and the endless hours we spent on that amazing game. So many EMP's, so many stars in spec ops, and so many hours spent getting good. I wish I could relive those days, hopefully it'll come to BC. :)

799
You have until the previous comment is 24 hours old or then said code goes to the other by default
Okay. So you tied with someone else for the closest. 

We're gonna break this tie. Give me a number between 1 and 100

Good luck!
Okay. So you tied with someone else for the closest. 

We're gonna break this tie. Give me a number between 1 and 100

Good luck!
Congrats! I'll pm you the gears 3 code soon
Congrats! Ill Pm you the gears 2 code soon
Congrats! Ill send the code via pm soon for gears 1!
My personal favorite was landing on the Turian moon in me3 ❤️
Bought them on ebay for $16 total :)
1 is $15 and 2 is $10 and 3 is $10 now

I bought them on ebay though so its all good
Reach is 110% fixed, actually. 

It now runs better than it originally did on 360. It's amazing
Oh baby that's a hot deal
He's gonna play it Backwards compat on Xbox One 

"Should probably ask if you like mass effect 1"?
GIANT enemy crabs!
Is it the legacy edition?
Put me in coach
Ow you can play the entire trilogy on Xbox One if that's your style 
Aye lmao
As our fallen foes retreat, I hear the drinking song they're singing
Aye :)
10s of thousands of people flood the streets
As someone who didn't own an Xbox till reach, was there seriously 100 thousand + people playing Halo 3? That sounds like the most amazing things ever
Take me home 😩
We negotiate the terms of surrender. I see George Washington smile. :)
And just like that it's over. We tend to our wounded. We count our dead. 
But really fun
When you knock me down, I get right the FUCK back up again!
We in the shit now, somebody better shovel it
I think the servers for the games and updates you are downloading are getting slammed and your data requests are being routed the long way round, thus the poor speeds. It's probably just temporarily.
https://www.reddit.com/r/xboxone/comments/5duxe4/picking_up_skyrim_special_edition_this_black/

Got u fam 
https://www.reddit.com/r/xboxone/comments/5duxe4/picking_up_skyrim_special_edition_this_black/

Got u fam 
https://www.reddit.com/r/xboxone/comments/5duxe4/picking_up_skyrim_special_edition_this_black/

Got u fam 
Which is garbage, cause the other colors were super cool
This is way better
Vs is 60 FPS and horde is 30
Ah you got me. 
changes gears. 4 or 5 speed
Mass Effect
Your obedient servant 
...Can we please please PLEASE have 4 winners??
<343
Which one is you in the video?
You monsters better stop voting for A Lack of Color!
I may have punched him. It's a blur, sir. He handles the financials?
He's a grower, not a shower
Deora?
Ale sure your Google account you use for GPM and YouTube are the same 
777
I feel my endless love for Halo and Bionicle are somehow related ❤️
Their Bionicle stuff is amazing too!
And wait till things get hot
Yup. We need a multiplayer wide "scrap all duplicates" aka the "dust all duplicates" in hearthstone. Also an "upgrade all skills for all horse classes" button that would do them all at once would be dope

I starting playing for the first time last night, love the game, but everything mentioned in these threads would make the game even better
Does this count for digital copies in store?
Marcus Fenix - "Nice"
343
That would be dope to get a code my dude! Please send one 
Whaaaat? 

Dude. Play 3. You absolutely need to
343, Haxorus, he's just aggressive looking and a lot of fun to mess around with!
Looks kinda like a Doom cyberdemon!
I seriously don't know. There must be an exception. Unless his friend didn't mention his GPU?
RAM will not save his computer. He needs to get a new computer with a dedicated graphics card
The first picture is from Blops 3, NOT IW. 
Pretty sure you can find copies of Halo 5 at Redboxes for cheap too
My MC H5 controller did this, left bumper just shit the bed under a year of use

I bought a 2 year warranty for my elite, so i'll be alright for now
Are you a Halo fan? :)
Until Sat
Bump and Jump with an elite controller. thumbs never off the stick and finger always on the trigger, baby
Are the chances that it works and you receive texts perfectly via wifi calling really good now?
I need to know if the wifi calling on T-Mobile is shitty like on the nexus or amazing like on iPhone?
Shitty snipers
I just want to play the campaign. What's the issue with this prequel?
I bought ultimate edition digitally on cdkeys.com for like 13
price?
100% agree. While I thought BLOPS 3 was *alright*, I really thought BLOPS 2 was the last fun multiplayer experience for CoD
If she doesn't have a 4K tv and isn't planning to get one, she should save the money and buy and original Xbox one

She should get an external HDD with the money. 2TB or above
No joy in Mudville please 
Guy that said he would suck a turd on camera if red dead 2 was announced. And the mods said they would ban him if he didn't follow through. 

He died shortly after red dead 2 was announced   
Your facts are correct

I just googled my local PBS and they had their Hamilton schedule 
Link is broken
I really do like Makuta, Lord of Darkness though. Amazing work
geeze. that thing is a monster. looks great though!
Proud of you. keep up the great work pal
Same thing happened to my MC controller :/
Nah, not it :/ 

It's faster 
Good try, but its less electronic and breaks into a more standard ballad without the electronic undertones

i appreciate it though
As someone who just got into it this last week, holy shit this is gonna be lit 
Hi pal
True. i just think those are super over priced tbh. the money could be put into some other cooler Halo goodies for that price
I could also recommend and Xbox One Elite Controller to up his game in both games :)

https://www.amazon.com/Xbox-One-Elite-Wireless-Controller/dp/B00ZDNNRB8/ref=sr_1_1?s=videogames&ie=UTF8&qid=1476578149&sr=1-1&keywords=elite+controller

I own one and I could never look back at not having the paddles
If he doesn't already own it, this http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16874103488

I own one, and it's a fantastic thing to hold all my games
I also wasn't around to play Halo 3 in it's prime. I did play a lot from 2010-2012 though, while the community was smaller.

All I want is a real resurgence of Halo 3 players to come so I can experience the game at it's peak. I love Halo 3 and would want nothing more than to see an anniversary edition
They're actually Vakama heads ;)

Source: I have the set
It didn't even walk around :/
We need open sandbox battles in the campaign of Halo 6

I wanna fight a big ass forerunner tank

This moment is so good. My friend played this co-op and we had a "rocket man" on the back of a mongoose which we tried to keep alive throughout the whole mission. It was intense and so much fun. 

#RipInPeperoniRocketMan
Thank you so much for Gears 2!

Shout out to his son :)
3
where?
What's good, buddy? I really need a Gears 2 code really bad! Thank you!
If and when 343 released H3 Anniversary next year, please come back and play <3
A there anyway to download this?
Jefferson, baby!
My first lego Star Wars set, along with the TIE Interceptor
Gears 2 plz
Modern warfare 2+3, Black ops 2, mass effect 2 + 3
Meme me papi
Holy shit. You're right. Dude is amazing 
"In episode 2F09 when Itchy plays Scratchy's skeleton like a xylophone, he strikes the same rib twice in succession, yet he produces two clearly different tones. I mean, what are we to believe, that this is some sort of a magic xylophone or something? Boy, I really hope somebody got fired for that blunder."
I think nostalgia blinds me cause that was the CoD my best friend and I used to play with each other 24/7, but I do remember the title being quite fantastic and heavily populated in the multiplayer department

If I could have on Xbox One BC game....
Blops 1 is a seriously amazing game. Some of the most memorable CoD moments were had there. 

I think I might go play it on my Xbox One tonight
The Arbiter and Sgt. Foley? Yes please
What game is it?
No, solo song. Part of a collaboration with other artists for 30 songs in 30 days
Was that mostly cause it was bundled with everything and anything?
Gears 2 please!
Yeah I wish I could scrap items to CRAFT SPECIFIC items I want, instead of only getting req points for consumables
The sound is very nice and if this is the direction of the next DCFC album I will be pleased

They should just repurpose it and change the lyrics and it would be great
If this is the bands new sound for their next album, I'll be in love ❤️
I like your username. 

Big fan of the Toa Metru
Yeah, I think only in CEA you can do this

Playing H2A right now, you cannot change the sounds separate from the graphics
 Will check later and update you. It might be a different game though. I will find out 
I thought you could change the music and the graphics separately from one another in the settings

So H2A graphics with H2 sounds 

I could be wrong though
Plz god no
Are there still takers on that?
Team slayer and big team and some others are still active. The matchmaking is still entirely poo poo so you wait a second to find a match


But it is 100% worth it to play the games campaigns in the order they came out. The story is a ton of fun, front to back

Halo 5 is heavily populated though. Very easy to find matches there
Welcome to Xbox!

I recommend you play the reason the Xbox even took off many moons ago. 

Get some Halo MCC and Halo 5

ODST is $5 DLC

Reach is backwards compatable 

Halo Wars 1 is BC also
What type of performance do you get out of his rig?
And PS4 pro does?
Or we can fight ALONGSIDE them vs the banished and the flood
Put Halo on that list and bada boom
what were the issues?
"The last one will blow you away!"
Done! Thank you!
But other than that, everything is pretty much an upgrade. 

Did you post this to r/forza 
I'm pretty sad they didn't have an opening like this :(
Do you have the newest groove app on x1?
Since 06' was my first year, i always felt like the incredible poseability of the figures was a great "feature" at the time vs other older sets
X on the top left paddle, Y on the right top, B on lower left, A on lower right

Control Scheme 3

Flip clutch and handbrake

Flip up & Downshift
An elite controller with paddles (or any controller with paddles) is seriously perfect for this

I don't think I could play without my elite controller manual 
Thank you for such a quick response!
How do you disable this core?
Have you played with all the camera settings?
Search it in the file share
Shoot. I guess that's what you gotta deal with in the meantime :(
Aye! 
Maybe the VRAM issues with the 970 on ultra textures were holding you back?
As someone who will mainly play on Xbox One using an Elite Controller, can you please explain why PC users with unsupported wheels use a remapper that could make the wheel appear as a supported wheel and use that as a temp fix?
Idk if Its broken. Play with the shutter speed and it should be sharp. 
Is that Horizon 3 or real life? 

/uj  Beautiful car my dude :)
It's got that sweet crossplay so it doesn't matter if you're Xbox or PC anymore :))
*Shit*
Digital Foundry*
It uses the base of the game, the part its built off of, the framework, to build a new game, which is this one
Nope, its a quake engine mod
:)
Starry, starry night

Paint your pallet blue and grey 
This is what you were hoping it would do, right?
LMK if it works
In the photo options, play with the shutter speed
And they only run 720p and 1080p displays 
"How can mirrors be real if our eyes are not real?"
I gotta wait till Tuesday for me, my friend. Standard edition for me. 
No subscription required for playback of your own mp3s
My Xbox gamer tag is the same as my Reddit username BTW :)
The armchair developer right here, lady's and gents
Only affects people on the preview build of Xbox OS
Yes, of course 
Scraping the bottom of the barrel

CPU: i7 3630 QM - 2.4GHz

GPU: Nvidia 750m (Latest optimized drivers)

RAM: 8 gigs of DDR3 at 1600 Mhz

You can use my reddit user name :)


To be fair it can do Apex at 1080p at medium at 30 fps 
With who's the best dressed and who's having sex
Pre-load is out now for PC
The last wave goes out AFTER the 23rd
*sigh*

Here we go again

ANYBODY who has played a halo game on X1 will receive the code as long as they played before the 23rd of this month 

The codes are going out in waves and the last wave will go out after the 23rd

And if you don't get a code, then you can also unlock it I. The game next month via a community challenge 
In Halo universe reasoning for this civilian Warthog

https://www.halowaypoint.com/en-us/news/canon-fodder-hog-on-the-horizon
What the actual fuck
😉😉😉
Is that you Kopaka?
Yes. I used "arcadey" loosely. 

Each car has a realistic driving model and tuning and upgrading make real differences in a car

It's just more forgiving that the Motorsport games

If you turn off all the assists in Horizon I'm sure it'd be up there with Motorsport
Damn. I don't wanna say it, but you might have messed it up by linking it to the demo

If I get another hog, you can have it
Possibly, you should still try it
I have no idea :(

Crazy idea, but the account you bought FH3 on, is that the same one the warthog is linked to?

Or can you delete the demo and warthog from that and then try it with the full game?
Give it a hard reset?
Feeling the same way

GTA is so damn fine
Halo 5, Horizon 3, Rocket League OR GTA V

It's a tough call
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/p/forza-motorsport-6-ten-year-anniversary-car-pack/bv7hnschlj8x

It's really up to you 
However you can get it the cheapest, my dude

Used copy's won't come with the Forza 10 year anniversary pack tho
If you really like track based/ sim based racing then 6 is THE way to go

Horizon 3 will not provide the track learning and mastering of vehicles like 6

H3 is very much an Arcadey feel good game, while 6 is much more a sim
He apparently was good enough for her (to marry)
So much this. It's a matter of being patient. They're not done sending codes. 
The 1 year trigger
xbox
Going out in waves. No priority for different players. Just wait
Going out in waves. No priority for different players. Just wait
Going out in waves. No priority for different players. Just wait
You just had to play MCC or H5 on your account
The first half of that video is Halo 5 game play, as it says in the water mark on the video

That warthog has 4 wheel steering

The second half of that video is Horzion 3 game play, which doesn't have it
he has his own account here
This is right. He has his own Xbox account
H doesn't own a one or gaming PC

Just likes playing when he comes over 
Yes
It crashed during an update and bricked itself :/
Nexus 7 2nd gen is one of the greatest tablets of our time. Sad mine is bricked :(
Gotcha. thanks for the reply!
How did you get the GT?
The SAW! It rips people up
you gotta check in your settings to see if all the check marks are marked
As someone who got the play anywhere to play on both Xbox and PC I'm a little disheartened, even though I planned on playing on my Xbox One as main

They should really release it so people can test their rigs with it
Lunch and one more block for me
Licensing stuff probably
Nope, it's if you've played Halo MCC or 5

You'll be seeing a lot of halo players giving away their codes when they get one cause they just don't play Forza

Which is damn shame, cause both series are the bees knees
It's not odd. You get the code from playing MCC or 5, not Forza games
Nope, change it up now
Hard reset?
Licensing issues with the cars? 
Do you think the last FM and Horizon games for the Xbox One will be loved as strong next generation?
I'm pretty sure you can still buy 360 DLC or is there a different issue?
Really great answer! Thanks for informing me :)
H5 forge runs like this

The frame rate fluctuates when shits gets hectic or a lot of stuff is in the level
720p? Check

Minimum textures? Check

Minimum draw distance? Check

And unstable 30fps?
Check

And this is why I also own and Xbox One

But when I get a new computer next year, it'll be great to play on PC 😉
750m checking in
Also, buying it on the Xbox one store on the Xbox one will also give you it on PC when you sign in with your Xbox account
That's how easy it is
Darwdevil Season 3 plz
Just be patient. They're going out in waves 
It's rolling out 

I'm a huge halo player and I haven't gotten mine yet, which is okay. Just gotta be patient :)
Yes
Not for arena, for customs and firefight specifically 
Halo 5 anniversary split screen plz
/r/mildlyinteresting 

But TBH that's pretty cool
There should be an option on waypoint to customize your emblem also, if I'm not mistaken
I'm all for this

Make Halo 3: Anniversary a Play Anywhere title

Maybe give us a bunch of Halo 3 assests in H5 forge

Maybe do some sort of "cross play" with H3 in some way? Maybe, Co-Op campaign, customs, and unranked playlists only?

Gotta get my 50, boys
But for real, receive as a mechanic in multiplayer modes, including firefight would be dope AF

Revive**
Microsoft announced at e3 at all first part titles going forward will be part of the Play Anywhere program

Then they changed to to be that all first party games at e3 will be part of PA, reverting on their Statement about all future titles 
We straight up might not need mods due to the power of forge TBH 
Someone already made it with ghosts!
This has the potential to be as good as Horizon 1's soundtrack

Loving Vagrant and Epitaph so far :)
Pulling a titanfall
Fuck :(((
Well now that PC Forge is out with a custom game browser on the horizon...
Halo 5: Forge is out now my dude. How do you like it?
It did and I have it ;)
And even before SARPBC!
I feel the same way, even though I can run it. It should give warnings that it doesnt meet the minimum specs, but should still give it the good ole college try anyways

this is fucking pc gaming
Within 10 days before it comes out. So I assume 10 days before the 23rd for you
2017 Ford Focus RS
Thank you for being nice 
222
As someone who doesn't know who this guy is, can someone fill me in?
Yup. This is how you do it. Idk if the new Halo app has this functionality also
Horizon 3*
Yes, but it has peripheral vision

So not  exactly like the H4 BR scope
Great question, if you're not using a 4K TV with HDR there's no improvements for using an S over a normal One. 

Go with the cheaper, normal One :)
It's still technically not fully out yet
Check my post history
I'm gonna go out on a very stable limb and let you down here pal

Intel integrated graphics of any kind arent going to run this game. Sorry
Yeah that's cool, but definitely not "worth removing the headphone jack for" cool
And running it at 720 yields even greater results. More frames is great
I feel. I threw it through 720 and it did increase the frames noticeably. I think you'll be a-okay
Unsure, 343 likes to release things around noon. But maybe a midnight launch for this
Yup, now people just wait until tomorrow :)
Youre the hero i need <3
Yes

Just wait for tomrorow when it comes out for real
Yes to 720

And barely any lower

You wont be hitting any consistent 60 fps with this card

and at 720p, its really hard to read text in forge
Running 1600 x 900

All low presets or off presets

30 fps limiter with no vsync

512 max texture size

level 2 foliage

Its holding the FPS pretty well-ish, drops fps when seeing water

I don't expect much, I'm just glad it works haha

I have Forza Horizon 3 coming digitally on my One and PC later this moth and now that will be a goddamn test of strength for this machine 
Actually TBH, with the setting I put above, I'm running through the arena maps again after a restart and it's really not dropping frames 

It's seriously impressive. Like Forza 6 Apex
Running 1600 x 900

All low presets or off presets

30 fps limiter with no vsync

512 max texture size

level 2 foliage

Its holding the FPS pretty well-ish, drops fps when seeing water

I don't expect much, I'm just glad it works haha

I have Forza Horizon 3 coming digitally on my One and PC later this moth and now that will be a goddamn test of strength for this machine haha
I fucking hope so! We need as many as we can playing this!
Y500 my dude 😩

Yeah, my best pal has that exact same one as you and is getting the same error based on DX12

We will hold out for tomorrow ;)
The Direct X12 level 12 API stuff is currently a bug

I am currently running the game on my 750m and t works perfectly fine

It'll hopefully be cleared up by tomorrow 
I downloaded it last night AS SOON as the post went live. They probably fixed it for the launch tomorrow 
Interesting. The game officially comes out tomorrow sometime in the afternoon, so they probably accidentally let it go early

I'm playing on a 750m and it works fine so one can only assume that a beast of a fucking card like yours would too
The requirements seem to be bugged atm

I'm currently running the game on a 750m and it works just fine
Update your Windows 10 and it should :)
The requirements seem to be bugged atm

I'm currently running the game on a 750m and it works just fine
The requirements seem to be bugged atm

I'm currently running the game on a 750m and it works just fine
The requirements seem to be bugged atm

I'm currently running the game on a 750m and it works just fine
The requirements seem to be bugged atm

I'm currently running the game on a 750m and it works just fine
The requirements seem to be bugged atm

I'm currently running the game on a 750m and it works just fine
The requirements seem to be bugged atm

I'm currently running the game on a 750m and it works just fine
The requirements seem to be bugged atm

I'm currently running the game on a 750m and it works just fine
The requirements seem to be bugged atm

I'm currently running the game on a 750m and it works just fine
The system specs are bugged af rn

Im running the game currently on a 750m and shit works just fine

Maybe tomorrow when it officially launches it will work
Here: https://www.reddit.com/r/masseffect/comments/32yzxf/last_month_i_took_a_random_survey_about_mass/
Why don't you get Horizon 3 instead?
Yeah, it seems they released it too early. It should be outThursday or tonight for real though
No, you don't have to pay for Gold on Xbox PC games 
I'm so sorry! That should say THURSDAY

PRE LOAD is actually tonight ;)
Halo 5 Forge and Custom games is coming to Windows 10 on PC for free

You can create content on PC and transfer it to console

There is a dedicated file browser with maps and screenshots

You can also be invited to custom games and play them like on Xbox

But no Xbox/PC crossplay

BUT a dedicated "server browser"-esque system is coming to BOTH xbox and Pc in a future update

Achievements and all. 4K 60 fps goodness. All for free on Windows 10. Comes out Thursday :)
And cross play with all your PC pals :)
Also, Forge and custom games for Halo 5 on Windows 10 comes out Thursday for Free so maybe playing that will do it too
Seriously, let us know about Reach. It's borderline unplayable currently 
It in this case Arcade-y is used loosely. 

It still uses a realistic driving model for all cars
Both
3rd gen full voltage i7 @2.4 GHz

8 gigs DDR3

750m 2 gigs of vram

Windows 10 64 but

I run it on 720p minimum everything but it still stutters in frames and won't even run right in rain at all

EDIT: Actually after the update it runs much better. Idk what happened. But it's good :)
Do you have a gaming PC?
My y500 specs hit above the minimum specs and I'm running everything as low as possible and the frame rate wants to kill itself

I have an Xbox one, but I'm hoping for even more optimization for Horzion 3 cause I'm buying it digital
Also Horizon 1 is Games with Gold right now
Post this to Xbox One and Gaming!
That is true, but it is free and getting a server browser so I have faith that a Halo PC community will come from this
> Halo 5 Forge and Custom Games are coming to Windows 10 for FREE this Thursday
> A server browser is coming in an update after that


Halo 5 Forge and Custom Games are coming to Windows 10 for FREE this Thursday

A server browser is coming in an update after that
This is true
Demo for Horizon 3 on the 12 th also ;)
Ou cannot drive the hog in that game tho :(

Only horizon 3
Seriously everything I wanted from an updated Horizon, this ones gonna be

More diverse world, more music, Polaris vehicles and A FUCKING WARTHOG <333333

So beautiful. Love playground games
it feels bad. Should at least pull the Gears 4 and give us Co-Op

At least Horizon 3 is dope AF and giving us sweet cross play :)

Seriously, I'm not a big gear head but I love the Forza series for the Devs passion and quality of the game (Save 5) is fantasic
http://www.pcgamer.com/halo-wars-2-will-not-support-cross-platform-play/
That's a good thing to do! I don't own a wheel, Elite controller here, but you should wait for the Demo or PC reviews from your favorite trusted sources :)
I do appreciate you, but Play Anywhere and Cross Play are two different things

Play Anywhere is purchase digitally once for a PC and Xbox copy. This includes cross saves where you can pick up and play, but does not always include cross play like Forza Horizon 3

Gears 4 has cross play but ONLY for co-op modes like Horde

I was wondering if HWars 2 has Co-op like that too

Horizon 3 Page - https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/p/forza-horizon-3-standard-edition/9nblggh4rq31

Shows cross platform multiplayer under features

So does Gears 4 - https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/p/gears-of-war-4-pre-order/9nblggh4rq6d

But not HWars 2 - https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/p/halo-wars-2-pre-order/c2zggptf2cfg

So i guess i answered my own question :(
You're the hero I need

But will Halo Wars 2 have PC and Xbox One crossplay? At least for co-op stuff?
Do we have a track list for 3 yet?
But now the Xbox One S is the cheapest 4K blu-ray player so I guess they sorta learned down the line
FH is a 360 game

The rest on this list are Xbox One titles. They're multiplayers work perfectly
100% agree. 6 is miles and miles and miles better than 5
H   U   G   H     M   U   N   G   U  S

U

G

H


M

U

N

G

U

S
Horizon 3 demo comes out on the 12th
If it is on your external, move it and all the dlc to the internal
it is!
This is it baby. Hold me. 
Hey now I understand your reason. I will remove it
Hey, I appreciate your work and everything you've done here

But with all due respect, I ended up posting it here first. So I'm going to leave it up. 

Edit: okay I see now
And remember, Halo 5: Forge and Custom games are coming to Windows 10 for free September 9th!

More info here https://www.halowaypoint.com/en-us/news/anvil-s-legacy-preview
[Map](https://www.halowaypoint.com/en-us/games/halo-5-guardians/xbox-one/map-variants?lastModifiedFilter=Everything&sortOrder=BookmarkCount&page=1&gamertag=Scootiee#ugc_halo-5-guardians_xbox-one_mapvariant_Scootiee_31ae19ee-3387-44ce-b1d8-0ea01b2da322)

[Gametype](https://www.halowaypoint.com/en-us/games/halo-5-guardians/xbox-one/game-variants?lastModifiedFilter=Everything&sortOrder=BookmarkCount&page=1&gamertag=Scootiee#ugc_halo-5-guardians_xbox-one_gamevariant_Scootiee_a4979e20-c189-4802-aab8-131944ebb9e1)
The goal is to find the ball in the middle of the store and bring it outside to score points!
Yes. All the variants in 5 are military grade and include 4 wheel steering

The article states that the version in FH3 is a civilian grade Hog and they opted for 2WD for better high speed handling
It's because the first half of that video was halo 5 gameplay which has four wheel steering
Ooh rah!
That is Halo 5 gameplay. Read the bottom corner of the video. Not horizon 3
Theyre using the same system that F6: Apex runs on and that this is super fucking boss on PC. Optimized like all hell
Only in H5 not FH3

Here, look - http://compass.xboxlive.com/assets/c3/ec/c3ece65b-d36f-4e2e-9737-7f202ed69126.jpg?n=Warthog_01_WM_FH3_Unicorn.jpg
It has Quad steering in Halo, but not in forza. The first half of that video is H5 gameplay

Here is the proof that its only front steering

http://compass.xboxlive.com/assets/c3/ec/c3ece65b-d36f-4e2e-9737-7f202ed69126.jpg?n=Warthog_01_WM_FH3_Unicorn.jpg
You're right. There isn't one. 

You can play customs with people who invite you to games tho
You can now with Pandora
117

555
No

Look it up
The second one. But there is sites where you can join a full party someone is hosting making it super easy to be social and have fun with these game types

Halo 5 forge and custom games only are coming free to Windows 10 on September 8th!
You can buy a Windows 10 home key from Newegg for like $80
Exactly
GeForce 770
Ducking sig figs. Uncertainties round to one fig so I guess it was okay
Woo! Forge and custom game achievements!
no, im saying an average consumer probably owns an xbox one and a pc with intel graphics
Nice. Y500 checking in :)
"A standard Windows 10 PC" is entirely different between us gamers and normal people

I was hoping to be able to play this with some friends who own some lesser (but not entirely bad) pc's
Lenovo Y550?
Seriously. The automatic graphics mode in that game is dope af. Hope Halo 5 forge does the same
Haven and Skyline were both dope

Skyline had Hornets in the skybox if I recall
Im a Trans, Plans/Facts, Narrow Stairs

TBH narrow stairs might even be in the 2 slot
Like how battlefield runs even pretty great on integrated graphics or Borderlands series
Now thats a hot cover
No
This is seriously such a good and important questions. I need to get my friends who own PC's to experience Halo customs who always loved playing Halo with me at my place in splitscreen

Hopefully they're not high :(((
Yes. It's gonna be part of the win 10 halo app
You take that back
Hose are Forza 6 apex specs, not official halo specs
Love the goods /u/grimbrotherone 

I just wanna know if we have a list of specs for forge :)

Like, minimum, recommended specs
$16*
I really think the appeal of H3 anniversary is the multiplayer back in full force with all the ranking and custom game goodness just as we remember. 

I wanna play Halo 3 multiplayer that's not attached to a buggy MCC on my Xbox One

And to be fair, I didn't play H3 back in its hay day so that all I want
Do yourself a favor a get this ;)

http://www.cdkeys.com/halo-the-master-chief-collection-xbox-one

Seriously, under $10 is a fucking steal

Also give H5 a good healthy chance

It's still getting major content updates, like the one on September 8th with new FREE maps and weapons and Windows 10 Forge and Customs games on PC
Hit your boy up ;)
Most EA Passes are $50
There already is a Sanghelios Warzone map

They're adding a Warezone assualt and arena map :)


Edit: seriously don't understand the downvotes. This is the fact
We can forge on Warzone/Warzone assualt maps now ????
REMAKE of Haven. Not a remix!!
Hella* dense
We're hopefully looking at HW2 and H3 Anniversary 
MW1 remaster. But only the remaster
It was a $30 set
OHHH A SANGHEILI

Fuck me up I'm a huge Halo and Mass Effect fan as well

DeathByREACH 

Never Forget Reach
I see why you're a sad spaghetti now :(
Checked 2 weeks ago. They said they stopped selling them like 4 months ago :/
Holy shit now those are some deals
I guess this is why they canceled G2. Poor poor sales :(
I'm gonna die sad cause that sounds fucking amazing

I wish you could leak a bunch of shit, especially regarding the story
Well Halo 5 networking is the shit so props my dude

Did you ever learn about things that never made it into the actual game?
Do you mind me asking what you did at 343i?
Halo 5 got -

6 post launch arena maps

3 Warzone maps

Griffball, infection, an AMAZING forge mode

FREAKING FIREFIGHT

TONS of new reqs, including Halo 1 magnum, halo 2 BR, all of Noble Team armours, UNSC Wasp

And Halo 5 is STILL getting updated with another arena map, more reqs, a proper file browser

And Halo 5 forge and custom games FOR FREE on Windows 10
Just a heads up, Halo 5 Forge + Custom games are coming to Windows 10 on PC for FREE this fall :)
Just a heads up, Halo 5 Forge + Custom games are coming to Windows 10 on PC for FREE this fall :)
I just don't think this person gets invited to parties anyways
I agree. 

I just wanna see these changes shown to the public via a beta before launch. I love Titanfall and I wanna see this game succeed, despite my less than enthusiastic response to the tech test 
They should just hire you to make Titanfall 2 ;)
AHHH THATS SO DOPE

PLEASE USE THE NEW FORGE PIECES THAT ALLOW YOU TO SLIDE ON WALLS AND STUFF TO IMITATE WALLRUNNING

AND THEN MAYBE WIELD THE BACK OF MONGOOSE ON THE MANTIS TO RODEO

I'm just too excited for your fantastic work :)
And Halo 5 Custom Games and Forge are coming to Windows 10 FOR FREE this fall
With PC, controls are optimized and shortcuts are implemented. KB+M percision too!
Windows 10 free release of Halo 5 forge and custom games (no match making) this fall!

But for free! And able to play crazy customs like this!
I have no idea. All i know is both my Whenua and Nuju lids are both glittery
I'm going with this too. Vakama did not ask to become a Toa and lead and was never fully comfortable with the position he was thrust upon. 

But via experience he became the wonderful Turaga of today
RvB is an important part of Xbox culture and history. A lot of people like RvB here who don't play Halo. And it was kinda a fun episode
They will probably be Forza 6 apex, Tomb Raider 2, and Gears of War Remaster around there
Starting with Gears 4 and Forza Horizon 3!!
Oh shit, I almost made time to read your comment but I was too busy for all my Halo 5 Customs on PC
LOL your fucking loss 👏
You can invite people on PC to play custom games with you, in the same way its done in the GIF
When the file browser drops for H5 this fall

I gauge end of September through October-ish
Remember though, not just any shitty computer is gonna be able to play it. It's gotta have a dedicated GPU

http://arstechnica.com/gaming/2016/05/halo-5-online-multiplayer-forge-mode-are-coming-to-windows-10-for-free/
If you got a Windows 10 PC with a good hardware setup, Halo 5 Forge + Custom games are coming to Windows 10 for FREE
Just binged the whole thing this week

All I ever wanted was more TBH. So sad there's not more
/u/bravo343 plz fix Titanfall 2 plz
There's already Halo Custom Game websites dedicated to it. I'm sure they'll add PC support
Have fun in custom games my dude!
http://arstechnica.com/gaming/2016/05/halo-5-online-multiplayer-forge-mode-are-coming-to-windows-10-for-free/
If you have Windows 10 with a good graphics card, Halo 5 Forge/Customs games are coming FOR FREE soon
I like the Toa Inika/Mahri so much because they were friends from the beginning to the close that would put everything on the line for one another without a second thought. 

It was a commitment of brotherhood and respect and love between one another. We didn't have to suffer through the team leaning how to cooperate, we were shown that it's not the masks, armors or abilities that make them a hero- it's what they did with them. 


(To be fair, they were my first Toa team so I have some bias towards them haha)
Nope
No cross platform play. Only sharing files
Shit, you should get on that when it releases, Spartan!
But free Win 10 Forge and Custom games hype!

It doesn't require gold and you can just invite people to sessions to play!

And you can transfer content made on Win 10 to Xbox One and vice versa
I just don't want people to think they can run it on their shitty laptop and then be disappointed when they can't :/
File browser exists only on Halo Waypoint right now

File browser in game is coming with the next update

There are no plans for a custom games browser, not on Win10 or Xbox One
The lights on the mongoosed are forged on
You gotta have Windows 10 and a GPU to handle it though
Not a server browser, a File Share
xbox
LevelCap said they did, thus why we have speed boost as a perk
That's pretty common tbh
I'm interested in purchasing all of the 2004 "good guy" sets

Also, the fire, jungle, water and stone protector 

If I could have prices on them that would be great :)

Also if you could price lhikan and kikanalo as well and Vakama Metru separately that would be great :)
Most people will downvote you because your experience hasn't been the same as theirs. 

I've been through 2 controllers (stick drift and a bumper fell out)

Currently on my first elite controller, but I don't have high hopes

I know exactly where you're coming from. I take good care of my controllers 
Yes, that money can be used
Peter Parker didn't 
The best part is when Ethan SLAMMMMMMMED the uncle bens in the micro wave 
Would die happy to see this played 
Saw them a few weeks ago! They played Brothers was super great
Yikearoonis. My bad pal
I'm trying to look for the sauce, but I know it was a comment on the hstone front page last night 
Copy pasta about how Mike Donais stated that there will always be a bottom class when talking about Priest issues

This tasty pasta swings it around to be about how the hearthstone dev team is the bottom dev team at blizzard
Is there a problem? When you list the dev teams in order there will be always be a dev team at the bottom that is called Team 5. It’s impossible for there not to be a Team 5. So in a way, if you call it a problem, then there’s always a problem and it’s not fixable, because there’s always a bottom dev team called Team 5

The card Purify in Hearthstone
Priest in Hearthstone
Is there a problem? When you list the dev teams in order there will be always be a dev team at the bottom that is called Team 5. It’s impossible for there not to be a Team 5. So in a way, if you call it a problem, then there’s always a problem and it’s not fixable, because there’s always a bottom dev team called Team 5

Is there a problem? When you list the dev teams in order there will be always be a dev team at the bottom that is called Team 5. It’s impossible for there not to be a Team 5. So in a way, if you call it a problem, then there’s always a problem and it’s not fixable, because there’s always a bottom dev team called Team 5

Is there a problem? When you list the dev teams in order there will be always be a dev team at the bottom that is called Team 5. It’s impossible for there not to be a Team 5. So in a way, if you call it a problem, then there’s always a problem and it’s not fixable, because there’s always a bottom dev team called Team 5

Is there a problem? When you list the dev teams in order there will be always be a dev team at the bottom that is called Team 5. It’s impossible for there not to be a Team 5. So in a way, if you call it a problem, then there’s always a problem and it’s not fixable, because there’s always a bottom dev team called Team 5

Is there a problem? When you list the dev teams in order there will be always be a dev team at the bottom that is called Team 5. It’s impossible for there not to be a Team 5. So in a way, if you call it a problem, then there’s always a problem and it’s not fixable, because there’s always a bottom dev team called Team 5

The MCC

Master Chief Cock
I concur with your observation 
...There's only one way to find out
You can't take it apart without breaking or cutting the pieces 
Lemme hit you with the DM ;)
It's all yours :)
Plot Barrier - Gain 8 Armour for every helicopter crash
Entering  sounds good!
No, but I'll do everything to keep the shipping cost minimal

Does it sound good?
Sorry, PayPal only 
Sorry, I can't match that. $35 is the lowest I will take for Yellow :/

The offer still stands though
$35?
I have Halo 5 Guardians Digital Deluxe (Game + Warzone Req Bundle) code

Willing to part with it for $30 via paypal
Only games that come out that say they support HDR, like the upcoming Gears 4, will have HDR. Not pre existing games
Better watch that edge before you cut yourself
Halo 2 microtransactions?
My vote is for I ❤️ Bees
Awesome! Glad it all worked out :)

My first gold! Thank you so much
"Your console is not bricked you are fine.

No need for the USB recovery either - since the 1603 build you can self recover via this cool method

Try this:

Hold down the power button on the front of your Xbox One console until it fully powers down, unplug the power cord, and wait 30 seconds.

Please note the console must be fully powered down; the next steps will not work if the console is powered on from connected standby.

Plug the power cord back in.

PRESS the POWER Button then Hold down the Bind button (located on the side of the console next to the USB port) and the Eject button (located on the front of the console next to the optical disc slot), continue holding down Bind and Eject until you hear a second “power up” chime.

Then SELECT Reset this Xbox - 

This Troubleshooter takes the User to a page that allows them to select full reset or reset but keep content (this allows you to keep your installed games and settings!)

These steps are copied from the head guy of the preview program but this should work for any bad update."
 
Try this
They do
Why wouldn't you just want Pandora in the background, which it will support, instead
Drawn straight on the page?

It's all hand made and drawn on the sheet beneath the glass.
I posted this here before, but my friend made this for my most recent birthday. It's my favorite

https://imgur.com/8pSco5r
They said they'll be *talking about it* within a month and it would release with the Halo 5 file browser and game update 
Someone give me a Deora 2 ASAP with Wave Rippers livery! Plz let me live my dream!

And at OP, if you could choose a car like Reverb and give it the Teku livery I would love you ❤️❤️❤️
The perfect plot

I never thought we'd be having a serious Acceleracers plot discussion on Reddit but here we are
It means it's ready to be published/put on disks :)
Toxic Reapa was an awesome set and villan
Makuta Icarax

Karazhani 

Lessovikk

And Vezon & Kardas full set
Holy shit. this was real?

This is such a catalyst into bringing Gen 1 and 2 together
This is right. 

They should have catered a deeper and more mature theme to us teens/adults who grew up with Bionicle because we're the ones who have the money to pay for the sets
343 Industries Soon^TM here
Drip feed cards?
Do they also have the show on there?
Welp. I'm looking to own the series in HD so
Where are you that they have the movie on Netflix??
You can get a 1TB halo bundle too 
It's crazy! But all the content is worth the install size. I think it might be due to uncompressed audio for all supported languages, like Titanfall on PC

And if you're interested, Halo 5 Forge is coming to Windows 10 for free this fall! It will be able to support custom games also with friends. But keep in mind, this is not the full game. And then you can transfer maps made on PC to console!

https://www.halowaypoint.com/en-us/news/forging-ahead-the-forge-experience-comes-to-windows-10

Info here

And here's and example of some awesome things that can be done in forge!

https://youtu.be/Noo7tI2DwWc

https://youtu.be/_uD8MqjNHhs

https://youtu.be/MTMoets6iU8

And thank you for the cake day!
A game that is even bigger (but currently exclusive to Xbox One) is Halo 5 at 91 gigs

Due to TONS of free expansions since launch
Halo wars concept art
I think the soldiers are literally one of the worst enemies to fight in WZFF

They're alright in campaign, but for some goddamn reason WZFF soldiers are brick walls that literally melt you and teleport so often and so fast that cover is useless
Please please do :)
What I'm staying is that 7:03 is entirely intentional and not a coincidence though
I love the 703 analysis; it's new and interesting and very enjoyable

But on a respectable rebuttal, I really think it says "to call at 7:03"

And I think the time of "7:03" is a reference to the 703 area code, rather than actually being the 703 area code :)

What do you think?
This is HANDS DOWN of my factories by death cab

It's utterly relatable and tragic. 

A slur of regrets and wanting someone back, but knowing it's utterly useless

Your brain correcting your hearts mistakes "and when I see you I really see you upside down/but my brain knows better/it's pick you up and tens you around"

"This is fact not fiction for the first time in years"

Fuck, this might be my favorite song. It's delicate and beautiful and eloquently written and the best way to wrap up and then re introduce one of my favorite albums of all time ❤️
Nah, the colored under suits really help them stand out or we would never see them on those maps /s
That one was classic Homer/Lisa moment that always makes me feel and it as fucking Lego so that one was awesome
Is this literally the only way to opt into the Pokemon Go data promo?
The Reach Elites were perfectly intimidating 
Of course!

But this doesn't actually come with a physical copy of the game, a digital code is included, mind you
Aw shit. I really wanted more reqs. Guess I'm gonna sell
For the record it ends up being $50; it is technically $50 off of $100 though
Just bought! Deal ends today!
Just bought this today! Expires at midnight. Sometimes patience is the key ;)
As someone who plays Bumper Jumper in every game I can, even back in the 360 days, the XOne controllers are the only ones that have ever had any defects in the bumpers. 

My Halo 5 MC controllers left bumper broke right out recently and the only thing holding that bumper in is a INCREDIBLY thin stem of plastic that made a clean snap, thus my bumper fell out

I don't pound the shit out of my controller, I feel my play pattern is regular and I'm not playing video games 24/7

It's actually build quality this time 
Do it! The community is very large and thriving and it's crazy amounts of fun
The teacher
Yes. Company Calls :)

Heres the full setlist http://www.setlist.fm/setlist/death-cab-for-cutie/2016/miller-lite-oasis-milwaukee-wi-43ffe76f.html
Do they normally not play all those in one show?
Do you use sign language to type?
Yeah there was a really cool one keeping them in check which I can totally appreciate

Thank you so much :)
"A halo like person"
I hate you

(Jk all love ❤️)
Cause then he can't get your $35
How come?
Is there a difference in the team you decide to join?
Moto G
When did the cost cutting start?
-from listening to the sound of my-
Did you respond to yourself?
I love the Inika but the masks and head pieces are pretty useless unless you're mic is green and white
Win 10 Forge in the fall :(

Was hoping it would be much sooner
How is playing hearthstone on that bad boy?
There's literally a link under the video that if you click on that brings up a chart of the panels

Under Saturday

Ballroom D

5pm

Op already linked to the correct stream
Here's hoping that the panel title is indicative of when it comes out!
Ballroom D is the confirmed RTX stream that will be holding the 343 conference***. You can check it on their site
I want a show or comic in this art style now

plzDisney
Just waking up really skews how you read thing ig. Thanks