Same experience here, honestly. Ubuntu was fairly so-so, but Arch was easy to manage. It didn't break as often, funnily enough and what's more, when it broke it was extremely easy to fix because it's usually update-related and someone else has it/had it on the bbs.
Way back before smartphones were as commonplace as they are now (And mobile networks became overcrowded) I used to pull 2MB/s over HSPDA on a HTC Dream. I remember specifically using it to download a couple of monthly video releases because they fit nicely into my spare data quota and it was a lot faster than my home internet.
I'm on 12Mbit/s and it already makes managing my Steam library or downloading mods a pain. When Mums streaming, I definitely notice the difference in speed from normal browsing too. 1.5Mbit/s would be untenable.

And I'm guessing the upload would at most be 1.5Mbit/s too, which is nearly unusable these days even for photos. I genuinely upload anything (Generally photos, 2-3 minute long videos, etc) on my phones LTE because it's that much faster and I have the data for it.


The biggest reason is that there's no good reason for it, they say it's to reduce bandwidth requirements which is questionable as a reason at best, even if it legitimately does that. (Which is still questionable)
I'm aware of the events, I liked the mental image.
I said *some* of our pollies. You have to admit for his flaws, Trumble is a pretty charismatic guy. There's a reason some people *still* think he truly holds left wing views but is hampered by the party.
It had to be cheaper on paper. If costs ballooned out later (As they did with the real NBN, and people were saying they would from the minute the plan was revealed) it didn't matter which was entirely possible without screwing over the whole countries internet.
I have to admit, the best part about Trump being elected is getting to see what Australian Politics must look like to an outsider albeit with less charisma than some of our pollies.
This is Telstra testing the waters. They're seeing how slow/bad they can get away with every few years until they find something that sticks.
That's basically what I was saying but in more depth. They'd not really done enough work for it to impact many people yet.
> I've put him as close as I could get before his sex handle got in the way.


>3 inches from our bedroom door


Nice burn.

This. Depends on how far it's rolled out yet. That was what killed the NBN, it hadn't really hit many places yet. If Labor had been in for even just another year or two/the FTTP NBN was started that much earlier, the effects of the fast internet would have started to reach enough people to have made a large difference. (eg. Even just people saying their new NBN connection streams 4 1080p netflix streams at once with no lag for the kids and both adults in a house or something to friends might make them fall into sunk cost fallacy regarding the biggest argument the Liberals had against it and that's not even getting into the massive changes it'd have made for businesses in general)
There was nothing to prevent Turnbull from offering a superior or equal tech. Or even picking something that could be more easily upgraded.

Or fuck, stick with FTTN but *don't* basically give control of the network straight back to the same old telco bosses that have ran the industry like shit for years and keep prices down so that even if cost balloons (They only needed the talking point of it being cheaper at the time, we all knew it was BS from the get-go) the speeds are somewhat decent. That'd still be infinitely better than the mess we have now.
I'd put establishing a commission into it as a point though. If the commission found certain people accountable for blatantly using the worse option for political reasons, they should be personally accountable for footing the bill to fix the mess up. 

We all know Abbott and Turnbull are guilty of this, why not strip their Government pensions? From what I know, they can afford to be without them while Australia really cannot afford to be stuck with FTTN for the next 20 years.
The thing about most conservative voters is that they're actually pretty left-leaning in a lot of areas and don't mind helping people, they just believe that rhetoric that most people without jobs are leaners who could work, but don't want to and should be working and lack the viewpoints to shake that rhetoric. They'll *all* know people who have valid reasons to be on the pension, most of them are happy to give aid to those who clearly are *actually* in need and hate the laws that blatantly hurt those in need but the conservatives in power realised a long time ago that the trick is to change who they think is in need rather than try to change their mind on helping others who need it.
I agree with your points about farmers, but that last part is plain wrong.

They provide food, while society as we know it would change drastically if any other industry failed, if farming collapsed then civilisation would collapse quickly enough.
I feel like this is the point where Hulk says "Not with that attitude" and proceeds to attempt to rip the gauntlet off, hand and all.
Not really. It's impossible to do without also removing a significant portion of the hand, but given that it's Thanos' hand we're talking about I don't think they care too much about how much hand he has left at the end of it.
That shits me, because photo bucket was already extremely shit compared to imageshack and the like 6-7 years ago. 
That could be a cool long-term plot device like the towers are, have Lorkhan reappear in the distant future as a real god after using countless Shezzarine's to coincidentally move particular pieces to the right spots. (eg. The heart didn't disappear, it returned *home* to Lorkhan)
That's kinda how multiverse theory works. Thanos basically cloned the entire universe then culled half the population in one and the other half in the other without realising it.

Peter saw Tony disappear and visa versa in that scenario.

Personally I think souls in the stone is more likely, I have a feeling the real multiverse stuff will be *after* Infinity War.
Well, back when Windows came on CDs, they had a hole in the middle.
Sorry, but you're putting far, far too much emphasis on that momentum of a product kinda like AWA when WWE came and took over the larger wrestling market. Yeah, they're popular now, yeah, everyone knows who to go for but everyone also knows that these companies don't care about us, regularly make their products somewhat worse value for us to allow them some more money and not many people enjoy it. 

Everyone still uses the product because everyone else uses it, but it's going to start leaking marketshare as people move to competitors offering better products and slowly but surely completely removes the final reason that *anyone* at all is actually using the product. Microsoft did that *exact* same thing with DOS, it was competing with Apple, Amiga and whatever other smaller brands had their own platforms and the reason it first took off wasn't solely because of it being a successor to what was one of the most popular OS' at the time (It certainly helped though) but because it was the cheapest OS available for the IBM PC which was the cheapest 16bit PC available until the compatibles came out. It's certainly not preventing their marketshare from slowly being eroded away when they start to make Windows something people are less than happy with (Win8, Win10) even if their marketshare is still massive...Heck, Linux by itself has come much further than people ever thought it will in the time since Windows 8 came out alone specifically because the changes in Win8 caused companies, people and random developers to jump ship. (And most of that wasn't actually the Metro interface, but MS' slowly trying to move everyone off Win32 and onto UWP/Win Store which hurts other companies like Valve)

Facebook's starting to lose relevance, people are still using it but I've noticed a general trend (even amongst my friends who don't really know much of anything about PCs) of people really limiting what they post/do on it, deleting accounts or starting to look into that kinda stuff more often. It won't be a quick death unless something comes around that's outright better and it actually manages to get enough traction to take off through word of mouth, though.
It really depends on the specific version of the driver you use too. I don't get many issues with speed or the like on my setup, although I have at times. (Most of my files on NTFS drives are larger too) 

Honestly, the biggest issues I have these days is when I get stuck using an older ntfs driver for some reason. (eg. My router being Linux based but not having the latest libraries, etc)
Pretty close to it. I think there's a lot of potential Survival mode features in a fair few of the older RPGs that aren't necessarily getting new titles still.
And easier to maintain than proprietary standards as even if it's lacking compared to the proprietary software that most of the old school printer makers use, it's a base that other people can use to build off of to produce printers or the like themselves.
Then why did we change the tech to be so unreliable in the long term?

I only say that because I've had the same $30 Canon inkjet printer since my first PC (~1998 or so) and while I have moved onwards and upwards over the years, *it still works perfectly* when it has ink in the old cartridges that I still have. The main reason I upgraded was cheap colour laser printers and the ease of finding a USB port on a modern PC as opposed to a parallel port.
I think they have their separate places. Things that tend to not be updated after a certain time like games should come in snaps with the libraries they're known to work best with, but stuff like calculators, browsers, etc that you're keeping up to date have zero need to be off the distros package manager realistically. (especially because snap support would be something that could theoretically work via the normal package manager. If the program really needs to have specific library versions or the like then it automatically has a snap that comes with them, otherwise it just uses system libraries.)
To be fair, it kinda was in a way. We just have different funky effects now with those kinda ones tending to be on mobile phones of all things.
Just fucking HP in general, and to this day.
I hate it because of the amount of things that get basically fully installed there because of where they store their data. I find it easier to have my preferred setup with my SSD and HDDs on Windows than Linux for that reason alone because I want my programs on my SSD and my documents/random user data on my HDDs. (On Linux, I basically have / as my SSD and /home/*my username*/User Files as one of my HDDs, others go wherever is useful even if I don't necessarily follow the FHS with folders like /Download or /Backups)

On Windows, I just make my SSD the C:\ Drive and then format one of my HDDs as a D: drive and simply move the Documents, Downloads, Pictures, Videos, etc folders across while leaving the program data in the normal folder and it works properly with only a few programs needing any work for optimisation. (eg. TS3 benefits if I symlink its saves/mods/cache to my SSD rather than leave them on the HDD)
There's never really a year of Linux, it's more a decade and it started around 2012-2015 or so, IMO. Since around then, drivers, wine, the DEs, etc have all improved substantially and most of it really wasn't that bad even before then.
You say that like taking some of the features from STALKER for future FO games is a bad thing.
Exactly this. How many people take at least a few months between jobs once every couple of decades when they can afford to for whatever reason? It's no different with schooling, you've just had 18 years of not-quite-full-time-work and having a couple of years to learn about the world, find your adult friends, travel, find out your hobbies and interests, etc is very important. How many people are completely set on doing something until they start to get adult experience (Even if it's unrelated to that field) and then change to wanting something completely different? 

You learn a lot of stuff in school, but that period of time just after school is just as important to learn not just how to adult so to speak, but how *you* work best in regards to that.
Except he's not saying they're available from the outset. Just that you don't have to buy them as DLC or wait for modders to make them.

Well designed features would also include making sure that they're not to OP from the get go, and if Bethesda is designing the game from the get-go then it can be incorporated on a much more base level than mods or DLC could ever really do.

Make pockets and backpacks make up your carry weight rather than your strength being the main factor (Strength *would* come into play still, though) with the Vault Suit coming with some inbuilt pockets to carry food, water, ammo and some other basics and an early satchel or something that allows you to carry a couple of guns or something rather than simply starting with that same base level from the get-go and upgrading it via your strength stat or perks. Maybe even make Survival mode switch it to a physical space style system, where you're not worrying so much about the weight (Unless you're moving multiple sets of armour or something) as you are finding space to physically fit it in the packs/satchels/bandoliers you have on, that way inventory management becomes a gameplay feature and it fits a more realistic kind of style that you want for survival mode, it even allows for RPing in terms of sorting out which pack contains what items if that's your kinda thing. (eg. Put ammo and stimpaks somewhere easy to access mid-fight, have the stuff you're going to be using when you've got time to spare in the harder to reach packs, etc.)
Dark interfaces need to be more common. I'm staring at a monitor, which is basically an intelligent, low power lightbulb. Stop making me stare at white all the time when black is easier on your eyes. 
Yeah, I was like that as a kid. Never got the furore over calories cause I pack away food and still can't put weight on to save my life. 
It's 100% true that metal is like a family, you instantly have plenty of conversation with someone when you find out they're into metal and that usually allows a friendship to easily blossom.
I met my best mate at a Job Seeking Agency course. We were the only two people wearing Metallica shirts and when he walked in, I said "Nice shirt" which started a convo, we ended up organising to have a few beers, bongs and a jam that night and we've basically been like brothers ever since.
That's not a reddit switcheroo, that's a reddit straparoo.
Plus, if Blackbeard was famous for entering fights with his beard on fire to scare the enemy, imagine how famous a pirate captain who has his crew enter battle in the nude after taking some viagra would be.
That's just long hair for you mate. I'm a bloke and my hair ends up in my girlfriends asscrack at times.
Or when the bag splits at the bottom because you've pushed it down so far.
I wouldn't say morbid humour so much as you see a great opportunity for a prank that you *know* will work. My condolences for your mum, though. I can't imagine how hard that would have been to go through.

My dad died when I was a toddler and had a stroke before I was born, I don't really remember him although I have memories of seeing the body, going in the ambulance to hospital, the paramedic showing me how my car seat worked and a few other random ones of him. But that's it, I don't have any memories of it that I can't know aren't dreams from around then or something, so I'm kinda detached from it in some ways.
I used to go full over the top offended to the point where you could tell I'm joking, although I don't now because SJWs have ruined that by making people expect someone to go over the top when they actually are angry about something. (Nothing against equality, just the obvious "going way too far to the point where it's not equality anymore" people.)

Also did a similar joke on my ex and her parents once, we were driving and a crosswalks lights changed by themselves with no-one else there. The parents were like "wtf?" and I just rolled down the window and said "HEY DAD! LONG TIME NO SEE!", they had no idea what to do.
I'd just say "Thanks, I always like something I can laugh at."
Not the guy you're replying to but when I was doing Uni which was located on a 2 lane road with lights, round-a-bouts and 5 bloody schools on it, I had to go across town to a somewhat outskirty part of town, could do it in ~20 minutes in a car by cutting outside of town, an hour on my bike just passing the traffic jams and going the shortest route or over 2 hours on the bus. I'd catch the bus from my house into town, see the bus I needed to catch *leaving* as I rocked up from the first bus, waited half an hour for the next one which would then inevitably get stuck in traffic for an hour.

A combination of bad luck in regards to transportation and a city planning department that couldn't plan to breathe correctly.
Aussie here. We have the same issue where I live and it's the lack of real differences in bus routes, so you have to go into the centre of town *then* to your destination because it's either car, bike or bus unless you like 2 hour long walks into town.

They used to have train tracks going to an industrial area near my house that's going to be basically unused soon (Old Cattleyards) which connected to both of our commuter train stations...They could have kept those tracks and built a smaller station which would have solved a lot of those problems. (That larger industrial area is the biggest issue, they don't have any public transport going through there for some reason.)
He was the aide Oak had following you and calling him everytime you grab your bike from the backpack. Every day was leg day.
Especially since I'm far more likely to convince myself that I would like a Barista Bros when I'm waiting in a reasonable line instead of being in-n-out.
Nah, we manage to do an alright job with pets. We're just not trying hard enough. /s
We already are. A lot of that comes from the lack of public healthcare meaning proper treatment is too expensive for a lot to afford, so the doctors figure they'll manage the symptoms at least. (And if that symptom is pain...well yeah. Long term opiate use nearly always ends the same way)
>I have a very mediocre 60Mbs connection

>very mediocre

You what, mate? 

Some of that is also the laws preventing us from having them as pets, afaik.

For example, the Quokka apparently would make a fairly decent "replacement" for the domestic cat in Australia, and it's native.
Because you don't want to be that guy who goes *way* too far about this stuff. You know who I mean.
I also enjoy using the term underoos for a more Aussie flavour to it.
Depends where you are, and can be often helped with more towers/better hardware in the towers. FWIW, my best friends mum has fixed wireless that's only ever been slower than my ADSL2 once...which was during Grand Final day so there were a lot of people streaming video or audio, posting on FB, etc in basically every built up area of Australia.
Watch any of the movies that launched before Infinity War and are still running at the movies, obviously.
Fair enough, except the guy who actually was head developer for some of their most well known titles was fired after GTA:O took off. He's also the entire reason they ever managed to get RDR to market because it was an unplayable, buggy mess 3 months prior to launch iirc. And people change, why wouldn't he do an easier job for writing (Few short things every couple months rather than an epic every few years) for more money? 

The problem is, they canned a long-time friend and employee (And burnt the bridge to boot) who was stalwart about keeping a SP GTA thing going, was working on the DLC and then put the DLC into MP. Again, I expect them to slowly transition to MP only games. (Most likely by updating GTAO to GTA VI/RDO to RDR3/whatever else happens with that in the future, then eventually just releasing new content and occasional major updates ala an MMO if it all goes for long enough)
Most people don't know how far it goes. They're aware it's not privacy friendly, but they have no idea of how much data is collected and what can be figured out from said data.
It won't be a fast change, but there is a chance they'll remove SP. It's a vicious cycle, honestly. MP starts making a tonne of money, so they concentrate on that more which leaves less resources for SP, which ends up suffering and turning off older fans of the series which leads to less demand for good SP modes.

I very much doubt GTA VI will have no SP mode, but I wouldn't be surprised if a lot less effort was put into it than Vs.
When the steps are "Open commonly run program" followed by "Use commonly run program", that can be a bit hard.
I can think of worse.

An issue you *can* nail down somewhat well, but the offending bug is in proprietary drivers and they don't do anything to fix it.
That's my plan with my son, honestly. I hope that he'll be responsible for his actions through other lessons (So if he mucks around with hardware and breaks it, he knows he might have to wait until there's some spare money to get it fixed) but I basically wanna teach him how to backup/restore data and how to google, because once you have those two tools you can learn anything. That and obviously offer him direct help if he needs it.
Ah, except I don't have a touch screen on my PC. So no, thanks. Touch orientated UIs don't go well with a keyboard and mouse.

(Yes, I know that mobile exists and Ubuntu wants to expand there, but I still feel that pushing the mobile UI onto the desktop to try and facilitate that didn't make any sense when MS did it and barely any more when Canonical did it)
I have a three word slogan for this government: "Punt the Cunt"
I don't get why you're being downvoted, I'm completely with treating retail employees with respect (And I *always* try to be polite to them having worked as a waiter before) but that is definitely something I've noticed especially in the more generalised chains like Target or K-Mart. I can't ask for a game/movie/music recommendation for a particular genre and get a good reply most of the time.

Honestly, the only somewhat generalised place I've seen have staff that you can ask about the products and not get very generalised results usually read off of the box is JB HiFi but even then, their IT area isn't that great where I live. Usually it's someone whose clearly there for the pay and not because they *really* want to be doing something relating to something they just enjoy anyway, which is why I think its not so much of a problem if you go to a store that's specialised. (eg. Most clothing stores have staff that probably buy the stock themselves, EB games generally employs gamers, etc)
Yeah, but they're all intercompatible barring certain features. They seem to be trying to do the same thing they'd started with 939 and kept going right up through to AM3+ where you can (mostly) follow an upgrade path straight up to the latest stuff and still only upgrade 1-2 parts at a time. 

ASRock even launched a Socket 939 motherboard running a much newer chipset, so if you have a decade old PC you can still get a easy, mild upgrade or replacement for a dead part.
And even then, if your i5 would clock higher and had HT it'd still be fine given that's the biggest difference between it and a 3770k. Sandy wasn't really much of a redesign of Nehalem, but Intel 32nm was a hell of a process. (And Intel has mostly kept that up since)

I remember being on Phenom II, seeing 5Ghz 32nm i3s/i5s and being very excited to see what the next i7s could do.
And that's not an excuse for incompatibility for most editions of the CPU.

Would an 8 core use more power than a 6 core of the same design? Sure would. Would it use more power than a 6 core of the same design, overclocked to 5-5.2Ghz? Hell no, unless it's also clocked there. If power was the reason they don't allow for 8700ks on Z270 boards or theoretical 8 core 8700ks on Z370, then they'd still likely allow the non-k edition chips on there, especially because it really isn't much work.
Yeah, but the boats are returned to a specific countries dock and (afaik) the fish are processed or at least packed there. At the very least, the country of origin for the fishing boat should count.
Usually its examples are way better, kinda hope the dev works on that one.
There's a lot of smaller private schools that are just like that, but people forget about it in favour of the real posh institutions. And there are more than a few smaller ones that ignore keeping the kids grounded entirely, there's no encouragement of elitism but they don't try to prevent it if the parents are instilling it or the kids missing some aspect in life. (eg. Never understanding about simply having to go without)
Kind of got the NBN. You need to move to the right area to get FTTP or the (harder to find) decent FTTN/HFC areas with low congestion. (Hint: Look for built up areas with mainly people in their 60s/70s, you'll usually not have to worry so much about it then. In a similar area that also had a large amount of commission houses I was getting up to 250Mbit/s on Steam and other unmetered sites with a HFC connection)
> Last time I cheked there was *no* intrinsic reason for wine to perform slower than windows.

In fact, on specific programs that are well supported by Wine and bottlenecked by an area Linux is known to be faster than Windows in you can get better than Windows performance from Linux and Wine. (Also, a lot of Windows 98 era programs that simply won't run under Windows Vista and above or have bugs when userpatches aren't made but run quite fine in Wine)
It'd be nice, but even on my 5 year old machine those titles run fairly well. The only one I regularly have played is SoM and while performance was definitely lower than Windows, it wasn't quite as much of a difference as it showed in the benchmark (Actually, Windows FPS was generally *higher* in the benchmark than in normal gameplay while Linux's was very close to what normal gameplay featured. I'm guessing driver "optimisations" are at play there, possibly) and was very playable at high settings on my native res. (i7 3770k @ 4.6Ghz, 16GB DDR3-2200, HD7950 @ 1150Mhz)
That's my issue with gnome3, they're fairly similar. Same stutters, same lags despite completely different hardware. (I understand if I get lags and stutters on an old, low end CPU like an Atom but on my desktop with an overclocked i7 and overclocked high-end GPU? Come on, only gnome and sometimes KDE give problems, and I can at least trace the KDE issues back to amdgpu not fully supporting my particular GPU yet. (Tahiti. I actually hear radeonsi is better in some ways, but I find amdgpu is faster in games and doesn't have as many bugs relating to OCing even if its a bit buggier)
The problem was Unity wasn't all that much better than Gnome 3 and took development time/resources away from it when it sorely needs it. (Although it needs a change in how its managed, I get they have a vision but that's no excuse for shoddy fixes and bad code which the project has kinda become infamous for over the past few years)
Wait until you hear how they wiped their asses before corn was invented.
Their hands.
I was wondering how he managed to get it sounding the same every time. That explains it.
At the very least, they should investigate his online security. Was his twitter password something he just uses for personal crap or is it the same as something important that may not require 2FA? (eg. Passworded archives) The issue is that information is incredibly valuable depending on how you use it and given Pynes position in Australian society, the whole issue needs to be investigated *just in case* because half the time when a hack occurs, it's from a bunch of little "unrelated" things like this being exploited, sometimes years in advance. (eg. Stuxnet was an online worm that required employees of a specific Iranian nuclear enrichment facility to get the virus *at home* and plug in an infected USB drive to get it to the right area, that meant millions of PCs were infected with a worm that did nothing because it had a specific target to look for; it used previously unknown holes in Windows and took ~5 years of development. Even the recent Spectre and Meltdown security flaws required people to *really* think out of the box, and hackers do that as routine.)

And then once the investigations finished, provide a public report stating that the AFP has made sure that any hacks like that will not affect secured data. Data security always requires reviewing and testing to ensure it's still secure and while we don't need to know the details, we should at least be able to try and work out what someone could have potentially found out or do with the information they've gained from hacking Pynes twitter.


And no, I don't believe for a second his account was broken into. But if that was found as part of the investigation, I wouldn't be against him having to foot the bill for the investigation because of his lie. Bonus points if it results in a hole being patched or something, too.
He was giving his lil staffer a polish when it happened, or so I hear.
Nah, it's just that Australia wide ice crisis. It's penetrated Canberra.

You know, it honestly wouldn't surprise me. Cooked pollies.
People keep calling Dutton a potato but I think that's honestly complimenting him, I mean potatoes are pretty useful when it comes down to it.
That's why I think it's inevitable. We've got a lot of farmland, a lot of farmers and strong ties to the US. Even if it's not legalised via our own means I fully expect that once the marijuana market starts being consolidated into larger companies that there will be a lot of influence from the US to at least allow them to grow it here, if not fully legalise it and export to the US or something. (Probably at cheaper prices, too)

I'd wager that those companies would be more interested in trying to becomes mates with a Labor government, but I still wouldn't honestly be surprised to see the LNP turn around entirely on it if the issues left to boil for long enough. (They're losing the youth vote and it'd go a long way to start repairing that, so if the perks are there for them in the future then there's no real reason they shouldn't, especially as MPs retire over time)
I think we will. The way weed is treated these days is really unfair on the poor. I don't mean the unemployed (Although I think everyone deserves their "drink at the end of the day", whatever the "drink" is, if it's kept within means and reason) but the low paying trades, often high stress jobs that don't pay a whole heap (eg. Hospitality) who are basically being pushed into alcoholism or onto harder drugs (Weeds not inherently a gateway drug, but forcing it to be sourced through the same methods as ice and the like *is* a gateway albeit not one that many take) or are hit with fines and struggle because of that. Combine that with the medicinal benefits *and* the revenue (Considering the Government is big on trying to reduce budgets, why not legalise something virtually guaranteed to bring in a lot of money? Big point that the LNP won't really have an answer for that isn't a blatant lie) and you've got points for a very good grassroots campaign.


People are saying "Yay, now for another years long debate on something we all know the answer for" but I think it'll be quicker than people expect, weed legalisation has been a movement for decades at this point and is basically at the same point as SSM was with most people either being for it or not caring enough to be against it. I'd wager a plebiscite would provide similar results, truthfully. (ie. Areas with large portions of recent immigrants from specific regions being very against it but most of the country being for it)
He fully understands that, but you're failing to understand the financial boom to his net worth by going on the morning news and saying "Weed should stay illegal mmkay"
They're not wrinkly but they come with a BBQ sauce filling.
Everyone ignores the bassist.
You doubt that being precise isn't enforced in Germany? Really?
You can also find free email redirection services online. They give you a custom email address and allow you to link it to a main one.

If they limit the amount of emails you can use, just start using the generated ones because everything ends up in the one inbox anyway.
Yeah, but you were probably often walking into the courts given that you worked there and seen by police *in* the courts even if it wasn't the courtroom. I'd wager if you got out of that spot in your early 20s and walked across the road or something, that'd look very sus.
I did a similar thing with the teachers control software at high school. It had a feature that allowed the teacher to put a full screen message on all classroom PCs when he wanted to talk/show us something which was kinda annoying if you're in the middle of something (Especially as we *did* learn some programming in that class) and we eventually solved by enough people unplugging Ethernet cables so as not to get the "restore the session" packet and make the feature look like it's buggy. Teacher stopped doing it unless kids were blatantly playing games instead of working or the like after 2 weeks. (That said, his best tool for that was the ability to add input to what the guy was doing as well as control, he'd let them keep controlling the PC but twitch the mouse when the kid was trying to aim or the like, sometimes would even let us watch or have a go if it was happening while we were asking him a question or something which was great fun.)
My mums in her early 60s and uses a PC fine, even has Linux on her laptop although I manage the more advanced things when necessary, also she's happy using a Chromecast and wants me to build her a new HTPC for recording and downloading.

I mean, her older sister has worked in IT for the last 3 decades and I've got a degree in it myself so she has a lot of influences and was always able to get help easily (And also had the first PC in the street because my aunt bought a brand new one for herself and gave us her older one) which might play into it but I'd wager even most people are unaware of what they would know how to do if pressed. Often the biggest thing you can learn with using a PC is how to phrase a problem you're having in Google and how to interpret the results because that way even if you can't find a direct troubleshooting guide or the like on your problem, you can use more generalised terms to see if you can't find similar/related problems and their fixes. (eg. A problem with a specific codec on your machine might just be an issue with programs seeing that codec, which may not be specific to the actual codec, just a misconfig on your particular machine.)
It's weird, but he's probably long since worked out what works for him to learn/remember things. Heck, he might have it remembered by heart by now but likes the labels for a confidence thing or something.

There's always a reason that people do things even if they never really explain it.
I dunno, I imagine that the guys over at /r/trees would be pretty excited about a bucket of the right produce. 
Yes. 
In Australia, we refer to our worst fires as "Black *Day the fire peaked*"

So I figured that you all get the day off, but your state is set on fire. 
The Guess Who followed by The Who. You get to have a guess, then they announce who it actually is. 
I'll do some of my favourite bands:

Tool. You just go to watch a 15ft tall wrench remain inanimate on a stage for 2 hours.

Strapping Young Lad. Band of 12 year olds boys that all look like they're going to turn into handsome gentlemen.

Megadeth. Literally 1000 corpses piled onto a stage.

Black Sabbath. Get a day off when they're touring, but going by Aussie naming conventions, it also means they've probably set half the state on fire.

I've heard that when he hangs out with his mates privately, he'll be all casual and the like but when he actually plays guitar (even if it's just to show them a riff or something) then out comes the bucket and mask. 
That and they got proper crew. From what I heard, when they exploded from Guitar Hero they didn't have enough a crew that was really able to handle the increased workload and their live sound suffered for it. I can imagine that all the little game sounds Hermann does would be incredibly difficult to pull off with a shoddy amp or something, for example. 
It does, but it only deals with zip files and nothing else. iirc XP introduced it.

The reason everyone uses the free trial of WinRAR or 7zip is because .jar, .7z and .rar are all better, commonly used and not supported natively in Explorer. (And .jar is for java files, not for general archives these days afaik)
Saplings would occasionally "plant" themselves near a parent tree of the same species. You'd have to keep trimming the edges if you wanted a clearing, but it'd be possible and not much work to maintain. (Plus you could cut a bit further back than you intend on needing and allow it to regrow a little bit for a completely natural look to that area)

Maybe add some more tree models so that you have a sapling for a couple of days, then one log block and some leaves for a couple more, then 2-4 logs with more leaves until you wind up with the final, adult tree. (Yes, the large jungle trees would take *ages* to grow even with jungle saplings having a faster growth time because if I recall my tree facts right, that'd be realistic.)
Yeah, because mandarins aren't juicy or anything.

IT guy here. I'd much rather clean the typical mess from a sandwich than the potential mess from a mandarin... That'd be sticky as hell if it was left, potentially wreck components even when cleaned, etc. Crumbs will probably end up in the keyboard and just need a shake or vacuum. 
The thing that you're forgetting is that people had to buy the sp game to play multiplayer anyway and a lot of those players might have just straight up ignored single player content. Mp at least looks like it brings a lot of money in 
To be fair, there were mods way back in 2012 or thereabouts that adding a somewhat realistic ecosystem in regards to tree regrowth and death to Minecraft if I recall correctly. They could do a large update to the ecosystem in general and expand on that in future which would include bringing forest fires back.
Ooh yeah, I'd be machining something or modding some normal heatsinks. I've seen some that are small enough to *maybe* fit but even that's not a given, plus if you're having to CNC route something (for example) then you could do it properly and design a coldplate for the entire front of the card to give the VRMs *and* memory some decent cooling along with making the card more study as there's a relatively thick layer of steel supporting the PCB.
And that's still different from RoG even with the same branding. While the story being broke probably will help let people know it's all the same, you'll always get a few who will still go RoG only because "it's just what they like" or don't hear it. "Just" changing the name is huge because the name (RoG, Aorus, etc) is the brand and forbidding another companies use of that is kinda illegal when you don't own it. 
It's ridiculously big. What do most people buy these cards for? Gaming. There's other uses (Especially since mining has taken off) and this can very easily mislead people into thinking AMD is always worse for gaming than nVidia or not gaming cards, etc.

This is something that nVidia should get a shit-tonne of flak for, especially if they're forcing AIBs into doing it.
And that kind of mindset has really worked well in the past. Ever since IBM tried it with the PC, we've all had to use IBM desktops naturally.
The software in my Camry regularly loses track of which file on my USB it was playing when I last had it on and takes 2-3 seconds to load anything with a filename or any metadata longer than 16 characters. (Or 12+.mp3 for the filenames at least)
I don't. Bethesda and the modders are used to Creation/Gamebryo and with proper software updates and support, it could have every single one of those features and run better to boot. There's a reason that basically all of the other engines people say are better often are even *older* or just as old as Gamebryo but have had dedicated development teams constantly updating them especially for the studios that really mod their engines like Bethesda. (And besides, Gamebryo is used in plenty of great games without issues. Civ IV, Epic Mickey, Bully and Sid Meier's Pirates! used it among others, usually with better results. There's also the fact that while some other games go further in story, landmass or some other individual area, there's not really many games that come with as much as a Bethesda game usually does and are doing quite as much behind the scenes just for world-building which makes getting an engine particularly hard, that said Kingdom Come is doing very similar kinds of things with Cryengine to be fair.)

The problem is that Bethesda don't have the best development team around and they haven't once thought "Man, we have a bad rep for this stuff, we really should hire some good talent and start an internal improvement scheme or something" instead basically trying to bait and switch all of the people asking for a new engine as though that would fix anything with the whole name change. If you want evidence of that, see how many of the bugs that get fixed by the unofficial patches are blatantly typo level patches that never get touched up in the base game. (eg. Textures flipped 180 from what they're meant to be doing, dialogue loops, etc. Bethesda mainly fix gamebreaking/viral ones and leave the rest alone from what I've seen over the years. Same with the engine, they'll take one of the more common gripes and vastly improve on that aspect of the engines performance. Skyrim had the new scripting engine, FO4 improved the memory model and reduced stuttering with improved shader code, etc)
Yeah, well I'm a level 60 night elf Mohawk so I think I'd win in a fight. 
This. You can also usually buy ram chip sized heatsinks with preapplied tape on them in some places too.

For reference, I've had one card since GDDR5 became a thing that had just the fans blowing on the VRAM and it died...from corrupt vram. 
Noone uses nano and for good reason. They were clearly running an instance of wordpad in wine. 

Edit: /s 
Please, don't use silly fake names like that for him, call him by his real name, Michael Trumble.
I want a commission into this, and I want those responsible for ignoring basically the entirety of tech-savvy Australia's complaints about FTTN to personally have to foot the bill of putting in FTTP. We all know Turnbull and Abbott are involved in that and likely can afford it among many others, if they can't then they can give up their pensions until their debts are paid.
Not really, it's fear of the potential embarrassment that can come from many people watching you.
I'd love to have seen a Peter Lalor led Australia, although I know he's pretty low on the list of potential leaders for games like Civ.

I think some kind of production/gold bonus to mines and maybe a custom wall UB that gives some bonus would work.
History for me was a continuous thing and mostly surrounding the aboriginals, dreamtime, the gold rush (especially as I grew up in Ballarat) and Eureka stockade up to Federation, basically the entire 1900s wasn't really touched upon apart from the basics of both wars. Most of the people in my class probably picked up that say, Paul Keating was PM prior to Howard from out of school sources. Basically everyone in my age group only really knows of Bob Hawke because of his scooner drinking abilities from what I can tell.

I did get an elective on medieval history, though. Everything since then I've learnt myself because I have a strong thirst for knowledge.
Australia basically was shitposting in the form of banter before the internet existed. 
What the fucks a goanna positioning system mate? We just run from life-threatening encounter with a native species to life-threatening encounter with a native species until we wind up where we're going, they're usually pretty good at chasing you in the right direction.
Same. I don't want Gatorclaws because that's too obvious and Deathclaws could easily survive in those parts too.

I'd say have Gators be mostly unchanged as they have been IRL for ages, make them more aggressive and have the occasional large ones like Behemoths are to Super Mutants. 
Such as Milhouse, the finest meme?
You should have turned around and say "Because the baby escaped my tummy last year and didn't clean up after him/herself"
Depends on the game. Plenty of textures are just plain old graphics in a specialised format, which is why Skyrim SE can go from a ~13GB install to a ~60GB install with mods quite easily and most of that difference being in textures.
That's an issue with your system mate, my 4.7Ghz i7 3770k and 5 year old WD Black 1TB did it fairly quickly. not sure on the exact time because I started it before going to the shops, but I was back within 2 hours and it was finished when I got back.

Also, if you set the affinity for the unpacking to "Below Normal" it keeps your system responsive while that unpacks in the background. Any fairly intensive workload running at the same affinity as the tasks you're actually interacting with is going to cause lag, stutters, etc as it hogs CPU resources while lower affinity means that the other tasks get priority while it just takes otherwise idle cycles.
Really? My HD7950/i7 3770k desktop is 5 years old and manages 4k HEVC content while I game perfectly fine. A quick test of Planet Earth II 1080p, encoded in HEVC 10-bit shows ~30% CPU usage on my chip. I'm also fully aware that my best mates PC can watch 1080p HEVC content fine and I bought a basically equivalent motherboard/RAM/CPU for AU$50 2 years ago. (Phenom II x4 + 8GB DDR3)

There's no hardware decoding unless you have recent hardware, but it's also honestly not that computationally expensive on anything semi-decent. I'm sorry if you guys have Intel Atoms or something similar that won't cut the mustard, but anyone paying attention to those chips knew their only real HTPC credentials come when they can use their GPU for decoding and that they're basically worthless for HTPCs otherwise which is why the first gen Atom models were pretty crap until you threw an Ion chipset in. (SmartTVs are another matter, to be fair.)
A joint, and yeah. I've heard a few others who had a similar thing, first time they got nothing and the second time it was a strong high.
I dunno. I could actually see the Libs going for it if the right conditions arise.

They know they have a low youth vote and their voter base will die off eventually, they also know legalising weed would turn a lot of youth towards the LNP because of the amount of single-issue people who'd just be happy they can legally smoke pot and forget about all of the previous bullshit the second the bill passes. The cannabis industry in America is already *huge* and once it becomes fully legal there, what's to stop a few of the larger farm owners to start offering MPs a paid "tour" (coughholidaycough) to see the benefits of weed legalisation (coughmassiverevenuecough) if they'd just let them start opening farms and selling in Australia? No bribery at all, of course, just a political donation to the LNP and a promise to get first pick on potential land for growth or something. 


^^^^^^^^^^God ^^^^^^^^^^knows ^^^^^^^^^^this ^^^^^^^^^^countries ^^^^^^^^^^corrupt, ^^^^^^^^^^if ^^^^^^^^^^it ^^^^^^^^^^isn't ^^^^^^^^^^going ^^^^^^^^^^to ^^^^^^^^^^be ^^^^^^^^^^stamped ^^^^^^^^^^out ^^^^^^^^^^then ^^^^^^^^^^I'd ^^^^^^^^^^at ^^^^^^^^^^least ^^^^^^^^^^like ^^^^^^^^^^if ^^^^^^^^^^it ^^^^^^^^^^benefited ^^^^^^^^^^me ^^^^^^^^^^indirectly ^^^^^^^^^^for ^^^^^^^^^^once.
Honestly, not really for a lot of them. I just told my Mum about this and she was wondering if she could get something via this to help her sleep or if it'd help with Grandma and her dementia. 

Grandma's view from what I know and have heard about her earlier life has always been "Legalise everything and let us sort them out." (She worked in medicine her entire life)

My bosses Dad regularly talks about legalising it and does small things to try and push for legalisation even though he doesn't touch it, another co-workers parents smoke *and* grow it for personal use, one of the assistant principles from my high school really put the "high" in high school, too. (And he's friends with a friend of mine's dad...who is also known to puff a joint or two every now and again.)

Then there's my best mates mum who can rip a bong harder than I can and has "circle priority" if we're at her house because she's a mum. (ie. If she comes into the smoking area, she gets a cone next)

Yeah. Shit tonnes of people of all ages smoke it, or did smoke it and stopped because they grew out of that stage of their life/other reasons but didn't change their views on it. The amount of people who actually blindly believe everything in those rags is pretty minimal, the problem is the amount of people who will take the few things they agree with at the time from those rags and just decry a scapegoat for the stuff they don't like. (eg. I bet if the Murdoch TPs print anti-weed propaganda, they'll be angry at the police for "pushing it" even if they have nothing to do with it.)
Slower speeds isn't necessarily being more careful. It could be more dangerous depending on the road, that alone makes me iffy on what they count as careful behaviour.

Weed allows me to concentrate on something for far longer than I normally do, so driving is less fatiguing from the lack of constantly having to force myself into concentrating on the road, however it does allow me to get more easily distracted which is solved for me by not driving stoned with mates in the car.
Everyone's different on it which is part of the problem.

I drive perfectly fine stoned, often I drive better because being high clears a lot of the background thought in my head away and allows me to concentrate better, but sometimes I drive worse because I can be much more easily distracted by something. I only drive stoned when I'm solo these days as a result, but I can also say I know of at least one person who has one cone of mix and can barely hit the right buttons on a game controller even though they're not that out of it mentally. (Their co-ordination just goes all whack when they're stoned.)
Whenever they do that, just stand naked at the window jerking it. I guarantee they'll start to leave you alone after a while.

If you're a woman, maybe do it with a large strap-on while mouthing "Wanna be next?" and winking.
That also depends. The first time I smoked weed, it didn't really do anything.
And what side-effects it has versus barbiturates, because every patient is a unique case and having options is equally important as having that initial cure/treatment which might end up not being suitable for a portion of people. Also, I believe we've mostly phased out barbiturates for sleep disorders in favour of benzodiazepines instead in Australia.

For example, if someone with a history of alcoholism needed treatment for a sleep disorder, marijuana would be a far better treatment than barbiturates *or* benzos for the simple reason that if they relapse on the booze/are still currently drinking, they're far less to overdose and die accidentally. Likewise with someone who has a lot of recent mental health issues, because of the ease of overdosing on either of those drugs.

I've seen a nurse recommend to a pregnant lady that she *continue* smoking after seeing how bad her mental health was without nicotine withdrawals on top, how little she actually smoked and weighed up which of the mental stress or the smoking was more likely to harm the unborn baby; sometimes the correct course of action for your health isn't the most obvious or even necessarily healthy in itself at all. (As a side note: She let the lady know the risks both ways, told her all the facts and let her make up her own mind in the end but recommended that she continue smoking due to various reasons specific to the situation that I can't go into here. There was absolutely nothing wrong with the nurses recommendation and it was reaffirmed by a mental health professional later in the pregnancy.)
It's also a lot easier to break out of than a physical addiction. An alcoholic quitting drinking can literally die from withdrawals, a weed user going sober is going to be like a quitting heavy smoker at worst in my experience and basically unnoticeable from whenever they're normally a bit down in the dumps for any reason more often than not.
It's not, though. Road design comes into play but so does education, how many places require a minimum of lessons (Usually from a fairly underdeveloped teaching arm or private teachers with little regulation) and mostly parents to teach their kids to drive? A lot of the unsafe situations I see on the road come from bad habits people have picked up which could be solved by having a better education system and retesting for *all* people regularly. 
Yes. Absolutely yes. It fucking sucks to lose your license/car/whatever and be unable to drive, but how often do you hear stories of an old person deciding they're unfit to drive *before* any near misses or accidents directly caused by senility versus the opposite, or pure luck keeping them going? Why even stop at old people? Forcing people to retest every half decade would keep road rules fresh in the mind, give people a good assessment of their skills and where they could improve, etc. It's not just old people who are bad drivers, especially when you consider that parents often teach kids and often have bad habits to begin with.
Different poster, don't have whatever sources he has but it makes sense logically.

Capitalism will collapse eventually from automation or evolve into something else entirely. A lot of communists seem to hope that as more people get laid off and can't find another job or have friends/family doing it rough, more people will consider capitalism to have failed and communism as an alternative. Capitalists with an eye for the far future can see what's going to eventually happen on the current course and are doing what they can to try and prevent that from happening. (ie. UBI means that everyone has money to survive, they're happy and content with the current system. No UBI means that a lot of people end up ridiculously poor, homeless, starving, etc and that they're unhappy and full of discontent at the current system.)
Dong mechanics is important for DnD, after all GoT is popular and you know people will set some dungeons in that universe.
That works pretty well, it could even work into a story about an ancient hero or an initiation ritual where a specific tree calls out to a certain Bosmer and "drops" a limb for them to fashion into a bow and some arrows.
I feel like that has more to do with the lack of real upgrades for graphics chips as of late than anything else. AMDs strapped for cash, nVidia's concentrating on AI and automotive while Intel added HDCP 2.2 among other things and left it at that, but they at least have VP9 and AV-1 decode on their iGPUs. Not sure about AMD/nVidia or the various ARM SoC makers.
It's becoming more mainstream is my point. It's been niche because it's always been difficult to do, but the easy to do stuff has always ended up taking off somewhat like the game swapping discs for the PS1 or the Game Shark. This is the first time for gaming where a large selection of consoles have a decently sized and easy to access homebrew community, whereas for the longest time it involved buying some chips and soldering wires to the motherboard or accessing specific pins with specific tools/voltages to reflash specific parts of the onboard memory. (eg. The 360 went from requiring the latter option to get your DVD drives unique key, applying that key to a modded firmware and reflashing the DVDs firmware to play burnt games right up to software modding the base OS for a custom GUI, running backed up games from the HDD and better emulator support than PC in some respects such as specific Arcade games that were based around the Xbox 360 platform)

I mean, look at the PSP or the iPhone, when it was incredibly easy to put CFW on a PSP or Jailbreak an iPhone basically everyone did it because of the benefits. Sony never really beat the PSP CFW scene and Apple only forced jailbreaking back into a niche by making their products good enough for most people that they didn't want to deal with the setbacks. It's already incredibly common to see modded Xbox 360s with a tonne of pirated games and emulators on them in poorer areas where I live.
The developers and people doing the actual flashing for sure, but I've been seeing quite a few console orientated gamers buying pre-flashed consoles/getting old ones flashed specifically for that use case. 
You're wrong on the first part there. Yeah, console gamers typically only use consoles. And more than a few have been getting their older consoles softmodded in a way that allows emulators to be installed among other things. The OG Xbox, 360 and Wii U are all pretty big for homebrew at the moment.
Which oddly enough, is actually a pet mouse.
The bizarre thing is they were all in TGA format.
I dunno, you can leave.
I often didn't want to though, when I cheated it was because I'd *just saved* and wanted to have fun that I could stop at any time for real life reasons usually. (That and sometimes having used cheats can negatively affect your game, so forcing the player into a state where they can't undo what they've done in SP mode isn't great)
Yup. Back in the day, the chipset was more than one chip. Typically you'd have one controlling the Hard Drives, one controlling your ISA slots, one controlling your memory, etc although the electronics were simple enough that you could do it using off the shelf parts with a bit of know-how which is how boards like OPs were built.

By the time of the 486 most chipsets were down to two chips and a bit of "glue logic" (ie. capacitors, resistors, etc) between some things.

Depends on the specific chipset. The differences aren't usually that great though as PCIe and USB are often faster than the devices that use it these days and SSDs sometimes struggle to show the difference between NVMe and AHCI let alone a couple extra MB/s or a much smaller latency difference from better chipset drivers. If you're running Windows 10, it's also probably automatically getting and installing the latest proper drivers.
That's probably it, but I could see them doing something like this even if they didn't think of it beforehand because its an easy way to make the show look way more thought out than it is. (And I have a feeling that it happens quite often, they'll rewatch older episodes for small plot details to bring back and purposely leave lots of small background things as potential chekovs guns.) 

And honestly, it makes sense for Snowball to return and be evil if he's with Evil Morty. That basically writes itself, Evil Morty figures out where the Dog Dimension is and goes there, pretends to be normal Morty and appeals for help saying Ricks gone mad, made an evil clone of him and the events of S3, saying he teamed up with the Citadel of Ricks and started leading them.
And then an e-book from the web-comic.
It's super-duper crashproof because they've spent years making it that, but kept using the same old 4i Honda engine they had lying around that worked for now. Now they know the car is crash-proof, they're working on getting a twin turbo V12 under the hood.
VP9 competes with HEVC, AV1 outright beats it afaik. The main issue is that AV1 has only just stabilised its bitstream format, there's little optimisation or support for decoding or encoding as of yet but due to it being open source, expect that to change more quickly than a licensed codec. (Especially given that Google, Facebook, Apple, Netflix, etc all have large reasons to contribute development time to the *open source* codec.)
It's also open source. How long would it take for someone to create a working codec for the major platforms that playback content and for their OEMs to easily fold that into an update? Obviously Google, Apple, Netflix, etc will keep older codecs available for older players that can't support it (They already do this with h264 and HEVC afaik) because its a lot easier to do that, but AV1 provides something that equals the best proprietary standards and can be built on by any company for probably less than the licensing costs to continue to compete with them.
Bolzano is now named "Nice." confirmed.
It's actually a false urban legend, but that was what I was referencing.
I did first aid in high school (It was a proper course with certification at the end, just nearly a decade ago) and from what I recall it *can* restart the heart if the heart hasn't actually fully stopped but *has* stopped effectively pumping blood by basically forcing it into a steady rhythm again, so if someones heart has been ineffectively pumping blood long enough for them to be out cold then you could have them revive from CPR alone, but they'd still likely need further treatment to prevent it from happening again.

But if the heart's completely stopped it's just going to physically move the muscles around enough to keep oxygen rich blood flowing to the brain and hopefully prevent brain death until someone who can properly restart the heart can intervene.

Again, this is all 7-8 year old knowledge from a high school first aid course (albeit with the proper Australian certification) so anyone with more recent knowledge, feel free to correct me on anything I've messed up.
I believe 666 was hotwired to 000 at some exchanges for a short while too, but that wasn't widespread or around long because someone thought people might start assuming they're in league with the devil or something if people ended up taking 666 as the emergency services number instead of 000.

Take that with a pinch of salt though, I heard it from a mate who works as a contractor for Telstra and who heard it from a much older colleague who apparently was there when it happened.
You know that if Phil Collins was there, they'd have acted. Bystanders who do nothing tend not to end up in a good position if he witnesses that.
> I feel badly for the hospital staff that had to keep him alive for months

I don't, but I do. I feel badly for them knowing they have to keep that piece of shit alive, but I also feel like they'd rationalise it by remembering he most certainly *doesn't want* to be alive and so by keeping him alive, they're doing their part to force him to be responsible for his actions.
Each to their own, while I don't remember how many miles I've driven in any given length of time I can work it out stoned, I *do* remember how much fuel I have in the tank and how many days until I have to fill up; I'm also still quicker than most people with doing maths in my head even when I'm *seriously* baked (Although I lose the working out process, I just repeat the equation in my head for a couple of seconds and blurt out the answer when I'm stoned for some reason) and I usually am fairly good at remembering what's in my bank accounts and wallet. The stuff I forget relating to that is stuff I've forgotten before I was smoking weed most of the time, so I think that's unrelated and I kinda have the ability to pull my head together and concentrate more easily when I'm stoned if my minds scattered. (That said, if I'm *not* having to concentrate it's more easy for my mind to become scattered when I'm stoned)


I'm not saying you're wrong or having a dig or anything like that, by the way, I just think its incredibly interesting how weed affects us all so differently.
That's actually a memory thing still, mate. Humans have 4-5 dreams a night and often don't remember any of them. 

The whole THC makes it harder for the hippocampus to attach trauma to memories makes a lot of sense in that regard, you're probably still dreaming about similar things (Especially because of the lowered anxiety/depression from weed, too) but you're not viewing them as negatively which aids in a deeper sleep.
Not really any extra server space required, game servers already have a bunch of mini servers/instances running on the one physical servers. It'd take a bit of extra code to add in a "Hackers game" flag and adapt the anti-cheat to use that instead of outright bans. (Even if the anti-cheat is simply a large admin team)

The cool thing about it is that often, hacking isn't just to always win or be first, sometimes it's to try crazy shit or just muck around. If this became popular I could see hacking being an entirely new form of community maintained gameplay with more emphasis on breaking the game in interesting ways. (There's already many videos of people exploiting glitches or oversights on the Devs behalf or even outright hacking to grief people, including older popular YT channels like Team Avolition and Team Roomba. Half of the fun is just seeing what they've worked out about the games simply to annoy other players like jumping in the right spot as one class to prevent the entire team from being able to play.)


Between that and "Hackers ruined the MP" being a fairly common reason for people to stay away from MP games, I'd wager doing the segregation could potentially *increase* sales. If the publishers and developers also embrace the side of hacking that involves just testing the limits of the game and its engine or finding exploits, it could also make hacking to win be something that's harder to accomplish if the teams that make hacking tools start putting in methods to ensure hacking players are in the hacker servers or can only use specific hacks in SP mode only, it'd also benefit the devs because the community would be going out of their way to find glitches and exploits for fun, making it easier to fix those problems for serious players.
R* completely forgot why people played around with cheats after IV. Even entering them in the phone versus a cheatcode was kinda annoying simply because you could be shot out of it while you were trying to activate something. (It was cool to watch your guy run around in circles, jump and do weird looking rituals to spawn in weapons, vehicles, remove wanted levels, etc while just ignoring being shot repeatedly too)
I used to do that, then fly around in a Rustler watching the carnage and occasionally taking pot shots while cranking K-DST. That raspberry blowing engine sound the Rustler made still gives Mum a twitch whenever I start the game up.
That's in part due to the average documentation Ubuntu has, though. I had an easier time learning basics like that back when Arch was still using BSD style init because it was easy to grasp but complex enough that I had to put effort into learning it and while that's not necessarily a great thing, the documentation being easy to follow made it fun to read about something, edit a config file using the theory I've gained from that and immediately see the results. Kinda like learning to drive or ride a bike with someone whose a good teacher, you end up just doing it without even realising because you find the learning fun. Heck, even installing it was really fun even if it took a while specifically because it was fun to feel like *I* was the one getting X to work on my machine and start a GUI even if I'm just following commands and reading the Beginners Guide. I think people need to stop viewing the CLI and other archaic more admin orientated areas of PCs as highly advanced, or at least be more willing to learn how to image their HDD and muck around with more advanced concepts relating to PCs if they have to use them in any real capacity for their daily lives because there's zero drawback other than it kinda being a time vacuum.

The way I learnt Linux was by basically finding something to do once a week and trying to figure it out by the end of the week, although I did know a fair bit about PCs in general and Windows when I started on Linux. Ubuntu still confuses me, because while something like (for example) Pacman does force you to use the CLI, it's simple, it works and the issues that sometimes do crop up are common enough that a simple google finds workarounds and fixes for them. As powerful as apt is and useful as it can be, I still find it a *lot* harder to use and feel like I have to think more about how to accomplish something as soon as I go past the normal "install and update from official repos" usage scenario and I can't remember the commands for the life of me, whereas even I'd stopped using Linux basically altogether for a few years I easily remembered the Pacman switches because the common commands stuck in my mind and its logical as heck to me. (eg. pacman -Syu, pacman -Ss *package name*, pacman -Rs *package name)
They're better but worse than the overdrive chips. (They also did a Pentium II to Pentium Pro I believe, along with a dual chip 486 overdrive that was basically a dummy chip that said an FPU is present along with a full 486) 

The Overdrive chips were always very expensive, took ages to come out but performed very well. These Cyrix's took advantage of the 486 being merely a 386 with some small updates, some L1 cache and the FPU all in the one die, removed the FPU and got the cache working on 386 sockets. Not a true overdrive because it is missing a lot versus the new CPU, but the performance is there and the price was cheap.
Those specs are wrong for what's installed in there at least. That's no 20Mhz 386 in there, it's (Hard to say from the image, but my best guess from the era, CoPro and the like) [probably a Cyrix 486DLC-40](http://www.redhill.net.au/c/c-4.html#dlc-40) which is a whole lot newer given the fact it has some L1 cache and a 386 doesn't, even if its missing the onboard Co-Pro. (Looks like you had that covered though)

That said, later 386 boards usually were much smaller and had more integrated chipsets while the first only had 1-2 chips for the chipset and a load of glue logic to make it all work. Did you by chance happen to jump on the 386 early in its life and upgrade the CPU later? It's just those green anodised Cyrix heatsinks are definitely later than 1989, but that board is certainly 1989 and kinda makes sense, those DLCs were basically designed as half of a 486 (A 486 was "merely" a 386 with the CoPro and some cache mounted on die, Cyrix mounted the cache on die without the CoPro and called it the 486DLC)

Also, hi-five for being another guy who got a Cyrix CPU for their first PC then stayed on it for far, far too long. I had a 6x86-PR150 (~120Mhz Pentium clone with high enough IPC to match a 150Mhz Pentium) that I kept upgrading the RAM and HDD on until I ended up running XP on it (Despite XP calling for a 233Mhz Pentium at minimum) for a few years and getting an Athlon XP 2600+. (For reference, 120Mhz vs 1917Mhz and 3 generations of CPU architectural improvement made for surprisingly little difference. The Athlon XP came with the same amount of RAM as my Cyrix had at the end of its life and felt barely any faster than the Cyrix until I bumped it up to 1GB, although the VIA based IGP was in a completely different league to the Tseng Labs ET6000 I'd had previously...lol)
MS is in a good position to do just that, start bundling a voucher code for a Windows Store "Xbox Original" app that has an emulator and some free games along with options to repurchase other games with the already for sale Xbox One controllers. 

I doubt they'd go for it but an option to at least have the program scan (Either on PC or XBO) old Xbox/Xbox 360 discs and give you the license for that game on the emulator, too.

It wasn't easy to get a BLAST processor in this day and age, either.

Part of me wishes they'd gone full balls to the wall with the marketing and named the CPU chip "DAMN" and the GPU "BLAST", the blast processing makes more sense then and they can say its powered by "DAMN and BLAST"
>I realized that if someone comes in my house I am the only one between them and my family.

[/r/nocontext](https://www.reddit.com/r/nocontext/comments/8ccb7s/i_realized_that_if_someone_comes_in_my_house_i_am/)
Windows can be configured very heavily, but it's hard to find the options, tweaks and the like.

Hell, even in the XP era I was separating my user profile folder and the program files/windows folders onto two HDDs prior to Windows setup (ie. Make folders and NTFS mounts in the pre-install environment like Arch) for a moderate performance increase. To do that I needed to work out how to open cmd before I installed Windows, which drive was which letter and then manually format/mount them using the cmd prompt. Thank god we have SSDs, best I could see myself doing for fast storage is a simple RAID0 style setup using NVMe drives.
They're really not. I've found that Linux being so unforgiving makes people less likely to mess around in areas they're not supposed to and makes it more clear to the user that those are areas that you need some level of IT knowledge to be messing around with. 

They're harder to break due to inherent safeties and the like but as weird as this sounds, I think it ends up having the opposite effect because it makes PCs seem much, much simpler than they really are so people who don't know what they're doing are more likely to break something. That said, this mainly applies to people who have *some* IT knowledge but not enough to properly troubleshoot yet.
Who'd have thought most of the issues with Ubuntu would be solved by removing the Ubuntu specific stuff and making it more of a generic Linux?
> Overall Arch has given me LESS problems than the 'easy' distros. And I haven't needed to do a clean install in all this time. I can't say that for Ubuntu or Debian.

This. It gives me less issues because *when* something breaks (And it will, even on RHEL or something as opposed to Arch) it's probably something plenty of other people have done by mistake and I'm yet to struggle to at least find a tutorial on something related enough to help me fix it easily. 
Except I don't, I often just wait until my next pay or in a few cases, when a system specific issue I'm getting is fixed if its bad enough.
The fact that game companies have often tried to bait and switch. No Man's Sky would have been just another bad release if demos were still common, for example.
Well, do you get put off on your thoughts when you get punched? Also, he's just wearing a muzzle. Sneak into the room and tap him on the head fairly hard, not enough to do lasting damage but it'll certainly prevent him from concentrating especially with a potential concussion.
> now they have something that helps.

Source? Does it actually help sales? Most of the time when someone doesn't want to buy a game, it's more to do with the game being not to their tastes, being outright bad or the publisher/developer doing something that's made them mad and not because they can pirate it. Steam Achievements have probably helped sales more than Denuvo has, given the amount of people who pin any poor optimisation on it/other DRM such as VMProtect and boycott games with it as a result.

Ever heard of the Carrot and Stick metaphor? DRM is the stick, fun and useful features like Steam Achievements, Workshop, friends, streaming, etc are the carrot. People who want to do that stuff easily have to buy the game on a DRM platform and do so willingly, just shoving limitations down peoples throats (Which inevitably bug out for some users and cause issues) tends to make them angry.
I'd say DRM is more akin to fitting gas turbine engines in cars again. The technology technically works, but it has some serious issues that its proponents continually ignore and take time away from other engineering to mitigate along with serious questions as to whether it really has any benefits over the older systems.


DRM doesn't appear to increase sales by itself unless its shown to benefit the gamer somehow (eg. Steam) and stuff like Steam Workshop, working multiplayer, easy updates, etc all do far more to drive people to buy the game than DRM or always online in an SP game ever will.
And how many of those people were going to instead buy the game if they couldn't pirate it? Most people are fully aware publishers and developers need people to actually buy the game to keep making new games and try to support them when they can and feel like its appropriate. 

That and most of the times I've heard about a game setting some record for piracy, it's because the games gone viral for some reason but generally isn't that great. (eg. Crysis. A lot of people like it, but a lot of people don't and plenty of people pirated it just because of the "But can it run Crysis?" meme because they had no interest in the game other than a single benchmark or stress test)
Been paying for games since the 90s here, piracy offers a great way to try those games now developers and publishers have stopped giving us good demos and the like to actually see what the game is like. (And before that, they'd turned them into "prerelease betas" that basically meant the bit of the game in that demo was worked on way harder than the rest of the game)

Companies need to realise that piracy isn't all lost sales, there's a few cheap bastards who pirate because they can get stuff for free but most people seem to at most pirate when they can't afford the game, then buy it when they can. Plenty of times over the years that would have *netted* them a sale on an unsure customer.
I get it pretty bad. Have for a few months now.
Been in the same situation before and while it sucks, I just sucked it up, ran on my IGP and stuck with classic games for a while. Even that old HD4200 could manage Fallout New Vegas at 1080p, so it's not like even a semi-modern Intel iGPU would limit you very badly if you've got a lot of classics you want to play.
I get what you mean. I got very close to top end performance for very cheap with my current PC and I'm still on more or less the same parts 5 years later. (Some are actually nearing a decade old and really need replacement from sheer age such as my PSU) 

That said, I think I aim higher than you. My thing is like finding a cheap 32GB B-die kit and tweaking it until I get a high clock speed, then playing around with utilising it somehow. (eg. Make a batch script to preload Sims 3 save data on a RAMDisk at boot time and back up the changes whenever the games closed, or other games and programs that benefit from fast storage/have extremely long boot times)

It kinda shows with the system I had before this one, I had a Phenom II x2 550 unlocked to a full quad and a GTX 470 with the cheapest possible watercooling setup I could find (XSPC Rasa 750 Pump from a mate + XSPC RX120 rad for $50 from a local PC shop + tubing from bunnings) because a guy sold it cheap without the OG cooler but a koolance full cover waterblock. GPU loaded at 60c with a 200mhz core overclock, a reasonable memory OC and extra voltage to both and that system was giving fairly high-end performance for under AU$1000, as it was I only got this one because I was basically given the Ivy Bridge platform for free, already had the DDR3 and never felt 100% easy around watercooling and thought that the Tahiti based GPUs with their new price-drop looked good.
i7 3770k owner here. You might be saying "What's the complaint? Your CPU was faster than mine at the time!" but you at least have a modern GPU, I'm still rocking a HD7950 and refuse to upgrade until GPU prices become sane again. I paid $300 for this card in early 2013 and it's still managing high settings on the right modern games (Especially DX12/Vulkan stuff) so while I don't quite expect that for $300, I expect more than a mild upgrade/the same performance at a higher resolution. The main reason I want a CPU upgrade at all is to jump on Ryzen and drastically speed up my encode times but if I upgrade my motherboard and RAM I want to actually upgrade those, so 32GB DDR4 kit prices are killing my lust for that.


That and DX12/Vulkan games run like a dream on FX CPUs from what I've seen, Civ VI on my mates old 4.8Ghz FX-8320 is actually quite a bit smoother during the late game than my i7 at 4.7Ghz. 
Thank god someone else said it, even if you need to insert spaces between punctuation and the next letter.

I hated GTA IV, honestly. It had appeal from the normal GTA activities (And those graphics! And the physics!) but the whole "trying to be realistic" thing just didn't meld well with what made the PS2 era GTAs so great for me, the story was boring and I had to force my way through it (And never finished it once it was spoiled for me, I just couldn't find the drive) along with the whole map being a giant city just making everything feel too similar and dreary. It worked in GTA III because the concept was so new at the time, but we'd just come off of GTA SA with forest, fields, deserts and 3 completely different cities. Even GTA V fails to beat SA in that regard, although it matches that by having far more detail and effort put into what it does have. (And it matches the smaller "features" with its changes, like adding trams into LS)


I also haven't liked the soundtracks as much since IV, but that's more due to taste; it feels more like a large concentration on electronic music with a little bit of classic rock and the like, and not particularly memorable tracks such as White Wedding, Running Down a Dream, A Horse with No Name, etc.
The only real reason we still get hardware encoding is for Shadowplay and Relive, honestly. Although if AMD has more investment money, I can see them adopting something similar to Quick Sync in the future which did manage to solve its IQ problems eventually. (Basically by utilising the tight integration of the CPU+GPU on the same die by having the GPU and a special encoding processor do most of the heavy lifting while the CPU takes care of the tasks that are too complex to run via GPGPU or in hardware afaik)
I just set it to record at maximum bitrate using relive then compress it when I re-encode using Handbrake for upload. My card doesn't support HEVC so I like to do that anyway (Usually 64kbit/s Opus for sound too, or 96kbit/s if it's something more musically orientated) and it gives me semi-decent quality. I'll see if I can find something to throw on YT because I only really record stuff I do with mates to share with them.
And a PS4 version won't have Cheatdevice and the like which make them that much better with some of the cool stunt maps and the like.
There's a fan theory going around that Charmeleon and Charizard were such dicks to Ash because that first battle after Charmander evolved was one where Ash asked him to basically allow a weakling to defeat Charmeleon which offended Charmeleon greatly.
I think we need a new keg guys, I just checked it and it's only got 5l left in it.
And how well known/trusted is that website? Is that one review covering all possible depth that typically only users running the system can give? etc
Okay, maybe I should clarify: My issue isn't with fwupd itself as an idea, but with the sharing of that information and gnome trying to replace most of the parts that make the different distros actually different. fwupd itself can be accessed via dbus, so I don't see any reason why the popular package managers couldn't hook into it for managing firmware outside of gnome if possible.
And loses in several others. Usually though, it's fairly close especially in multi-threaded stuff.

Don't get me wrong, the 8700k is all-round the faster chip, but the other points on Ryzen (Upgradability, potential increases as software is tuned more for it which has already happened, etc) make it a better chip than people often give it credit for.
I'm sorry, but even back then a lot of people knew EA was likely to go back to bad games again. That was just part of their cycle at the time, and all of those listed games (iirc) were interesting from the get go/new projects from already liked studios that EA had recently purchased, people knew they'd get sequels once they took off and that if EA screwed up, it'd be shown in those sequels.
It's not simple overpricing their CPUs (Although the fact you can get a 7900X for a slightly lower price than a 1950X shows their high-end is a bit over-priced) but more a combination of other things.

TIM instead of solder, locking random options to charge more for certain small features (eg. Overclocking), the complete lack of real innovation until Ryzen came out and Intel abruptly added two more cores for mainstream CPUs and started trying a lot harder on their high end platform, lack of a real upgrade path beyond 2-3 years after a new platform comes out, etc. They're all anti-consumer and points AMD has in their favour but are often ignored, and the reason that while I'll happily concede that Intel is faster for a lot of areas, I'm personally sticking with AMD for the foreseeable future because I'll end up with a better overall platform for various reasons. (My main sticking point at the moment is the locking out of IOMMU on my 3770k, I want to play around with VT-d but Intel's greed doesn't allow that unless I upgrade to a new platform.)
AMD is often better than Intel for gaming in a generalised sense because most people don't care about ridiculously high FPS in their games and resolution usually increases the GPUs bottleneck lowering the difference between CPUs and their other perks allow for more flexibility in potential future uses for your system. (eg. If you get into streaming in the future, or you can upgrade your CPU without upgrading your entire platform if you find its getting long in the tooth.)

I don't see why people act as if 200+fps matters. Most of us are fine with 60, or 120/144 and it's (usually, but not always) the only real time that you see large differences between Ryzen and Intel as is...
It's really not in a lot of cases, though. Sure, some games get much higher FPS but a lot of the time that's in regions even 240Hz users would find it difficult to care about. Ryzen wins in areas that matter for longevity, and it's usually not that far behind when it's losing while it can be far ahead in other areas. 

Also, we don't have proper benchmarks of the 2700X yet, it's way too early to call it either way.
The potential performance loss from those two issues could make the 2700X quite a compelling CPU indeed. I could see it genuinely being a better chip than the 8700k all round, because that'd quite faster where it wins and still *very* close where its behind.
I believe its up to two threads. And a large portion of games and the like happily use 3-4 threads well (Or are aware of more threads but don't need the sheer horsepower of all those fast cores) which means theoretically, performance would be up by even just setting the max clock to the max turbo clock so its either at 4.35 or much lower when trying to save power.
He gained 200Mhz if the task only uses 2 threads, but possibly a much larger increase if it uses more.
If you're meaning by the picture, that'd be due to it not really looking like a jungle. You'd need way more trees, vines, random critters, etc. 

It's no wonder Bethesda just retconned it.
People forget that democracy needs maintenance, otherwise its relative freedom allows a privileged few to build power at the expense of others.
Where does he live? Just organise enough people to ensure he passes by someone with a joint who greets him kindly (Just a simple "G'day" or something) as they pass by every few hours or so, eventually it might change his mind via any number of possible outcomes.
If you want to see this more blatantly, look in countries where any public lobbying at all is generally frowned upon like Australia. The money still flows and flows hard, usually via cushy contracts (eg. Builder gets pushed a contract with a massive amount of money versus the costs of the project in exchange for a cushy wage and job with no real requirements when a specific MP retires, or MPs push specific people for certain cushy positions in exchange for following certain lines such as with the NBN and its board, blatantly replaced when the Liberal Party (Opposite to American Liberal to make things confusing) got in and started pushing the MTM which every techie in the country knew was a dud from the get-go.)
It's not that simple, though. While you often do hear about the shithole workplaces, there are a fair few where the conditions mainly seem bad because we have far better conditions in the more developed countries and the overall impact of these big corporations using the poor, lesser developed countries is actually mostly good. (ie. Giving plenty of people jobs, some education based on what they're doing, stimulating the local economy and businesses that either help or start due to the big corporation, etc)

I'm of the hope that the future large weed plantations in lesser developed countries are kinda like that, or that small growers remain relevant due to the ease of making artisan goods relating to weed. (eg. Glassware, edibles, custom strains, etc)
...And still is a very similar thing, obviously all distros will probably have some equivalent but it's the same type of code as what we're talking about being pushed through an update manager via a software repo and included as part of the default install.

Why don't the users get those firmware updates if it's not managed by gnome when it's easily demonstrable that package managers and their repos *do* often have and update those firmware files? You just keep saying that "Users won't get the updates" but not saying *why* our current system for distributing them is broken and needs fixing.
Why not? On Arch at least, the [Intel microcode](https://www.archlinux.org/packages/extra/any/intel-ucode/) is managed through pacman, as is the more generalised [linux-firmware](https://www.archlinux.org/packages/core/any/linux-firmware/) package which includes AMDs ucode and WiFi chip firmware among other things. There's zero reason to force people to do it through the software center when the distributions package manager and maintainers can do all the work and make it just another update.
Mine had Tasmania as a cutout in WA with a note saying to trace that below Victoria.
I'd honestly not be that scared. It's pretty simple, basically everything between take-off and being in orbit proper is automated and completely out of your control. You could die, you could be fine or anywhere in between and there's nothing at all you can do to change that, so why start freaking out instead of enjoying the experience of being one of the few humans whose ever been on a rocket? If there's an accident, then you at least get to know that your death will almost certainly teach someone something that potentially saves lives in the future if you're even aware long enough to register what's happening.

As for stuff where you know things have gone wrong but nothing can be done, the rocket is being controlled via the crew, etc...That'd be scary.
OPs mum is so large that she'd order two number 9s, a number 9 large, a number 6 with extra dip, a number 7, two number 45s, one with cheese, and a large soda.
That's great to hear. I was getting worried Intel was doing the same crap that happened during the P4 era. 
It did well in FP with specific types of code but when it came down to it, x86 is one of the best generalised architectures there is.

Also, it never clocked that high... Traditional CPUs were always ahead of it in that regard iirc. When it first came out, it was in the 700-800Mhz range iirc while AMD and Intel were both above 1Ghz at that point. 
I have that black space base, it's awesome. Also the fighter from it fits perfectly in the throne room of a Clone Wars era Star Destroyer set, I wanna make a correctly coloured version. 
Kind of. It's a good general desktop chip and workstation chip but it's not really moving well there.
"Yeah well jodie those starving orphans will start to donate to us if you keep leaving the lights on"
To further expand, the sex was fairly average but the comment chain was brilliant.

Also something about OPs mother being fat and expanding.
"Well, I'm sorry Mr Zuckerberg but I'm going to have to give you an angry react for that statement."
That's why the pilots are so bad. There's no veterans.
Not that it matters a whole lot, but Hades Canyons CPU side has 2MB more L3 cache and a 400Mhz higher clock speed than the 7700HQ does.
The thing is that marketing is an issue and it was even when engineering was good. (eg. Athlon64, Phenom II and Ryzen)
The problem comes from the fact nVidia keeps upping their tessellation game and increasing the effects further whenever AMD updates theirs and competes. Old TWIMTBP games over-used it but now it's at least offering actual graphical improvements instead of just rendering concrete blocks in superb detail or having the ocean continue under most of the land area.

Personally, I just force 6/8x tessellation in the AMD drivers. Virtually zero IQ difference and a performance increase.
It was also difficult to code for and not all that good in the end. That's why it died, honestly.
[Japan should know that fighting a navy never seems to end well for them](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ieaDfD_h6s)
They already have a good nickname for it.

Bean counter.
And on Phenom II architecture CPUs, you can set per-core multipliers when you overclock, allowing you to tweak each core to its maximum potential and with a bit of config, set single-threaded games to run at a slightly higher clock speed than you'd otherwise be running. (If you don't OC, you can also set your first two cores to the max turbo speed or something along those lines for a similar benefit)

Older architecture, but plenty of people still run them and they'd benefit most from small tweaks like this given their age. (If you only gain 2-3fps from a tweak, that makes a hell of a lot of difference when your average fps is 20, not so much if it's 200.)
He said modern Intel processor which would be using the Intel-pstate driver. To over simplify it, it's basically enabling hardware acceleration for processor clocking.

Personally, I'd like something like this with the ability to specify custom apps to enable certain optimisations for those apps. Stuff like having the governor change automatically, auto nice values, etc from the one program would be really nice. (eg. Set video encoder so it has the performance CPU governor but allows other programs CPU time readily for background encoding)
I came to the same conclusion about sheer performance and even overclocking in regards to downclocking years ago. There's zero real difference if you set things up right apart from the obvious benefits because while it does make a difference, its been getting more and more optimised for years.

There's caveats to this obviously, for example I believe AMDs solution does cause limitations to OCing but they're arbitary due to the nature of the tech. (ie. if you OC at all, it disables a bunch of that functionality. In fact because Ryzen is so close to its max typical clocks especially with XFR, its often better to get a 1700X and leave it at stock than OC a 1700.)
The other strength I've often heard referenced is your reach. Not just in getting soldiers to anywhere you need them, but being able to maintain supply lines more easily than other countries typically can.

Length of training alone means nothing, it's what you're doing and how you're training that come into it as well. Again, I'm going off what I've heard from others who actually keep up with that kind of stuff regularly. 
[First thought when I read the title, honestly.](http://i.imgur.com/G6zUzc5.jpg)
IMO A fair way of doing it would be allowing speeds of "at least" with different tiers represented that way. Sure, if you live nearby the exchange and go on at 2am you'll probably pull quite a decent speed, but when its 4pm, everyones watching netflix and the like and you live a fair bit away, you'll probably just be getting what you're paying for.
And if your normal government simply slowly transitions to that kind of rule over multiple generations through successive removal of liberties and freedoms in the name of security?
You'd likely have regular installations along important routes between captured cities and the front line, for example.
But it goes to show one of the bigger flaws of democracy.
Numbers aren't everything though, training counts for a lot. 

From what I've heard (Take it with a grain of salt, I don't really follow military stuff heavily) the US training leaves a lot to be desired and for a lot of important roles there's a lot of reliance on past experience and allies helping out with the training/ops. I mean, the US could literally zerg rush a large portion of countries in one on one combat and come out victorious but I think the difference in numbers wouldn't make it as clear cut as people think.
Never entirely and never with all that much long term success that I know of. And unlike the US, it's located with Europe on one side and Asia on the other so there's bound to be more wars. Russia won't likely ever be invaded and occupied fully, though.
[Plant Growth Regulated Bud](https://hightimes.com/grow/what-are-pgrs-and-why-are-they-in-my-weed/)

It's chemicals they put in the plant to make it easier and faster to grow, basically makes very red, dense nuggets that have very little smell, very little taste and very little trichomes.
[I remember when Scout could get stuck in the door](https://youtu.be/JUPzN7tp7bQ?t=4m4s)
Or in a river.
> they constantly try to push dead cards though their RMA system

Source on that part? Any serious miner is *understressing* their card versus a gamer (UVing and underclocking often ends up with more than enough performance and far lower power consumption, so a larger RoI versus the amount of gamers who do overclock) and a constant 100% load or running idle is better than the varying load of gaming due to thermal stress on the BGA pads.
I feel really good because I'm finally getting onto real bud again after Australia was hit by PGR bud badly over the past few months.
Economy of scale. We can store so much data that basically anything we can digitise and store is stored in such a way that we'll always be able to access the data so long as we can build something to read the medium its on for such a long period of time that we can set up new backups. That's why it's so cheap but still so safe, especially because even by selling someone an iPhone or something, that basically creates a backup of a lot of data both important and not important. (eg. Music and photos are important for cultural reasons, I somehow doubt that Smash Mouth's All Star will ever disappear for example.)
All valid points. There's more documentation for DX, the drivers are better optimised in general (Although Linux is catching up in that regard) and the engines all have years of working via DX although I'd wager porting them properly to OGL wouldn't be as difficult as people imagine.
I want it to be both simplified and expanded. Rather than a tonne of small settlements everywhere and very little actual world, have one large area where over the main quest you eventually get a town or even full city built along with about 5-10 smaller ones dotted around in areas of interest. (eg. An area to supply your town with crops, some strategic locations for defence and maybe taking control of a large power/water facility in hopes of restoring its functionality somehow) That allows the main story to work in two larger phases which gives an easy way to expand it, at first you're in a area of low interest and just trying to create a safe haven/mass power for yourself until some macguffin is found (eg. Stash of fresh nuclear warheads) which interests a bunch of the bigger players like the BoS and starts the second phase which culminates in some form of showdown.

Everything else can eventually be fixed by mods so I'm honestly not too phased either way, but I do want more options for things to place, better snapping/a button toggle to switch it off and as has also been often mentioned improve the AI, even if it means we have to do more work to allow for it. I don't care if I have to manually designate which building serves what purpose if it means all of my settlers know whose house is whose, where they're working in the day and where each of the leisure areas are/what they are, because that gives a much better experience once its set up. (eg. They won't hang around your house and sleep in your bed, the ones that look like alcoholics will typically go to the bar, etc. If how long they spent doing what task in what place was tracked then you could also allow their appearances/personalities to change based on their "interests" and job which provides all sorts of amazing possibilities.)
Well, they had to do something with the rest of the wood...
Did you read the second half of my post?

> With proper knowledge and maintenance, Windows can be pretty quick without much (if any) stutter, but most people don't bother with any of that and bog down their 250GB, 5400rpm laptop HDD (Laptop of course only having 2GB of RAM) with tonnes of running programs and just think slow PCs are normal. The other thing is if you apply that same knowledge to a Linux install, you can do amazing things for performance even with some small, simple tweaks.
Well, yes? It's only slow because the memory fills up too easily. Linux helps me trim that down in a lot of areas MS won't allow me which helps the situation.
I should have been clearer in my original post.

Windows has better 3D performance because of the ease of getting good 3D performance out of a Windows PC versus a Linux PC. There's very few instances where Linux even matches Windows in 3D performance and usually something weird is at play. (eg. Those big render farms often use custom software and have a history that involves not using GPUs to render but CPUs, which actually has a performance advantage in Linux)

I'm very aware that Linux sometimes even manages to kick Windows ass in gaming if you're talking about the right usage scenario, The Sims 3 uses simple enough calls that Wine easily manages to run it with seemingly little overhead and the performance benefits from ext4 and Linux's storage subsystems in general mean that it often runs quite smoother via wine than it does on native Windows in my experience. (It's also one of the very rare games that are actually pretty heavy on storage speed for your FPS rather than just load times thanks to the open neighbourhood and CAS requiring a lot of data to be streamed in/out of memory)
Depends, honestly. They're all different tasks on a PC and have different appeals; she might take to some games like The Sims like a duck to water even if the rest of the possibilities from a PC aren't as exciting. There's plenty of gamers who have a full bore gaming PC but couldn't reinstall their OS or even just clean inside their PC properly without help and plenty of older people who can happily take apart or build a PC (eg. My aunt whose in her mid60s now built my first PC when I started school, helped teach me to troubleshoot my second while I was in high-school and still works full time at IBM managing servers)

My mum can happily use a desktop quite well, even troubleshoot some things. She's only got basic requirements (Chrome, printing, MS Office, etc) but she can happily use Linux without issues if it's running KDE, the packages are updated/managed via a GUI and I fix any technical issues, she even games occasionally (Mainly smaller stuff but she's somewhat interested in trying The Sims now her works wound down which thankfully works fine in wine and she has found the games category in the software manager) but she has plenty of issues with smartphones and has to keep the simple home screen and regularly asks me for help with basic tasks. 
Yeah but the explosive perk has very different results when applied to a Vertibird that usually doesn't help you in battle as well as when its on a minigun.
It should do quite a bit. My Nighthawk R8000 is basically a SGS2 at 1Ghz instead of 1.2Ghz and it wasn't slowing down even with 4 heavy users at once basically maxing out a 100Mbit/s Fibre connection for hours at a time. This is a good 3-4 generations newer than that was.
There's a lot of reasons that a >$100 board could be faster than even a $150-$200 router.

Software, the board not being the only part in the BoM/total cost, R&D/testing costs and the like all add into that <$100 router and mean that the board in it is likely closer to $30-$50 *at most*.

I usually go the route of picking up the latest and greatest features on a good brand name router with parts that are likely to get proper drivers later so I can open-wrt it later. My last router was a D-Link DIR-645 and my current one is a Netgear Nighthawk R8000, both times installing open-wrt was basically the same fun as setting up and playing with a new router and gave the router more features, etc. My Nighthawk still does very well performance wise too at 4 years old given that its SoC is basically a 200Mhz underclocked SGS2.
The only issue is that it preloads a bunch of bloatware onto any Windows install on the SSD. /s HP love their preloaded software.
I expect it to mostly become the job of the engine developers. They do seem to be doing work on it, but it's still up to the game devs to enable the feature. (And depending on how far they go with customising shaders and the like, adding their own patches to fix bugs.)

Any idea how flexible the API is, btw? I wonder how easy it'd be for a dev to enable using your IGP for post-processing or something along those lines. Might be able to get free AA or something if not a straight performance increase.
Yeah, because Sony pulled it off as the most metal game console ever to exist. The Playstation Death.

Comes in a Japan exclusive Corpsepaint colour scheme.
FWIW I ended up with an ASUS Xonar DX years ago through chance and I still find it to be somewhat better than modern onboard sound. It's not a night and day difference, but especially because I tend to play music at high volume in general and while I play guitar I've noticed it distorts a lot less when I'm really pushing the speakers possibly due to the inbuilt amplification.
It's honestly been like that for ages. I was gaming quite a bit via wine back in 2011 on a GTX 470 with decent framerates. (WoW and The Sims 3 actually were smoother through wine on Linux than native Windows)
To be fair, Adani blatantly wanted the government to pay for the mine while they took the profits. It was already being sprouted everywhere, having Shorten say it too wouldn't likely do that. (Unless those investments are dodgy, in which case they can fuck off anyway.)
*Especially* because he was so popular due to his charisma.
Can you imagine if we renamed them every time one crumbled away, though?
Windows is plenty fast for a bit after install/after only installing drivers and a few smaller programs like CPU-z. Make that your daily driver for a month and see how fast it is then. I've had Windows 10 installed on a Samsung R540 laptop; it has a Core i3 370m, 4GB DDR3, a Radeon HD545v and a Corsair Force 3 120GB. It's usable for my Mum but I find it basically unusable because the RAM and pagefile get too full too quickly and cause issues, but Linux is usable for both of us. (Her tasks are so simple that she is happy using anything with KDE and a GUI for updating, even prefers LibreOffice to MS Office these days because she was taught on Office 97 and the UIs are somewhat similar.)


With proper knowledge and maintenance, Windows can be pretty quick without much (if any) stutter, but most people don't bother with any of that and bog down their 250GB, 5400rpm laptop HDD (Laptop of course only having 2GB of RAM) with tonnes of running programs and just think slow PCs are normal. The other thing is if you apply that same knowledge to a Linux install, you can do amazing things for performance even with some small, simple tweaks. 
They're locking people out of fixing some silly stuff, but you can still disable/reduce the amount of processing on frivolous tasks especially around startup time.

I also believe 3D performance in Windows is generally faster mainly because that's an area that's seen concentrated development for years.
I think you're right and wrong. It's the status quo in that most people don't know how much better it can be for how little $ and just live with it, not that Linux would really boot that quickly off of a 5400rpm laptop HDD either.

But it's also not normal; Windows can be tuned to match or beat Linux in some respects with the options, tools, etc you can access for it or in very few respects (eg. Gaming/3D performance) wins because MS has concentrated on that as an area of development over the years for whatever reason. (They stopped caring around DX9s era in favour of Xbox, but they've started caring again recently as one of the many reasons they've started making to jump on the Win10 train and put a lot of time into DX development prior to that)
Or he changes the memory so she won that argument or they didn't really make up/Jerry fucked up badly right after they got home so when he brings it up, it doesn't give him any real ground. 
Humans are just bags of meat and chemicals causing reactions which give us feelings, emotions, etc. Rick only would really know what Rick can do to someones brain.
That makes even more sense. 

I honestly can't wait to see some more Rowling stuff that gives away some of the more advanced specifics of magic, because it looks like most of the spells Harry ever wondered/thought about were fairly simple overall.
I'll have you know that I exclusively eat pure, unrefined strings. Can't have that factory farming when it's straight from the source!
I'm kinda surprised to see someone else complain about Python for once. I don't know what it is, I just have an irrational hatred for that language.
I wasn't aware banks drove around town. I don't think they're meant to have wheels, either.
Now I have the concept of Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, Jeff Bezos, etc being so rich that they can literally employ someone just to suck farts out of their asses so as to eliminate the need to fart.
What do you think I was doing as I typed that out?
If you're moving millions of dollars around, are you going to trust the company that recently had their load stolen even if insurance, etc paid out or another company that didn't?

They'd at least need to offer some incentive to build their rep up again.
I had to learn it once in Uni. 


Once. I will never make that horrible mistake again.
Give the publishers an inch and they'll take a mile, if a paid game had microtransactions then I'll stay away from it, basically. 
Only because Supermans sole real superpower is the ability to be the 5 year old with the over-active imagination.

"Oh yeah? You might have killed my love, but I can fly around the world quickly enough turn back time and revive her!" 
Python from the sounds of it. 
It's Pikaman. 
You forcefully put their head in the rear of your pants, tighten your belt to prevent escape and then let her rip. 
Quote my ex-wife: "I always win arguments because I'm always right, not because I refuse to listen to any other opinions or points of view!" 
Just casually push it back towards her car and when she complains, just say "Sorry, I saw it was about to hit a car and pushed it out of the way."
Assuming that you eat quarks. Some of us have alternative diets, you know. 
To be fair, my headcanon with the whole Dumbledore's muttering in some strange language is less a sentence to create a spell and more an absolutely massive load of different spells that he's repeating back at high speed with very few pauses for breath and the like. Muttering because they're spells only the headmaster/mistress or deputy would be allowed to know so you don't get random students activating Hogwarts "war mode" to get out of an exam or something.
OTOH, my father passed away when I was a toddler and when it came to naming my son, I was insistent that he shared first or middle names to honour my fathers memory.
Everyone I've talked about him to seems to think he's a great actor. So yes, he's very under-rated. 
Bakers too.

I'm about to leave that field for a return into IT, hopefully. 
If they're treating the drivers like shit, they're not doing it well at all. I guarantee it'll eventually end up with millions being stolen because a driver stopped caring *just* enough. 
I took a substantial cut in pay and benefits when I left maccas to learn a trade (Baking)

The trade is full time, maccas was just casual... 
Well, they do look fairly similar.
> The Mod Author is adding more features, that will let you experience the full experience of the DLC, but no ETA.
> 
> 

As a side note, there's nothing stopping you from applying the perks, etc to yourself after Open Season finishes until then.
Depends on the industry mate. The baking industry is notorious for it, something like 90% of bakeries were underpaying employees in 2015 and most of the bakers I've spoken to since (At smaller businesses, at least) haven't had a whole lot changed.

At my work, we only got penalty rates then, but the qualified bakers don't (They get a small weekly bonus that almost certainly is less instead but are told its a good deal) and we're still yet to get overtime which is absolutely in the award. (But that's how the boss likes to make money, underemploys for how much work he wants until our bitching becomes too loud and pays as little as he can get away with. He's not happy that I keep making noise about this)
It's ridiculously fucking rampant. The baking industry had a audit on it and found that something like 90% of Victorian Bakeries were underpaying according to the award. The award is the second lowest of any trade in Australia, already.

It won't destroy anything worth missing. They're often the same people investing in property and their business is just one source of income, to them it's life changing because they have to go to their financial planner and make a new plan that might involve saving for a few more years, they usually have zero idea that underpaying means that their employees might be having to play "Week long leeway on a bill" roulette or living rent free until their late 20s or the like, and probably zero care.
*This* is something a lot of employers need to realise. I'm not going to treat you with any loyalty if you're underpaying me, I'm going to be looking elsewhere for work while I'm working and likely give you the minimal required notice.

It's a case of if you're showing me that the business is all about looking after number one, don't be surprised when I do just that.
> If you contacted the media with your story you might get somewhere.

Time to call Tracy Grimshaw.
That can be classed as small/mid business still and that's where a lot of the problem comes from in my opinion, people who are certainly well off and comfortable but not well off enough to own the stereotypical mansion and never work. They still think they're not well off at all and are so alienated by how deep the rabbit hole of being poor goes that they have little idea of how hard it can be. (eg. Boss was paying $400 p/w to me as a first year apprentice, had no idea why I was living paycheck to paycheck. As I said to him, you can't save if all your money's tied up.)
Fucking high, I'm man.
Apparently whenever he was in battle, he'd ride one into the fray while wielding a blade of grass as a whip while proto-death metal played.
Vsync can introduce stutter on its own, although the "every 5 seconds" thing doesn't sound like it's that, maybe just enabling framelimiting instead of VSync might help reduce your latency down so it's not as noticeable anymore.
This. I often say I last saw Metallica a couple of years ago because that's what it feels like, but it was in 2013.

I was reading the news about nVidia discontinuing Fermi earlier today and I also thought I had my Fermi (GTX 470) in 2008 but it would have been late 2010-early 2011 at the earliest when I looked at stuff with hard dates.
Then you ask someone else and they say "Just be yourself!"
> What are they going to do with my TMobile account? Pay my bill?

Those damn white hat hackers.
Not really, most of our areas are really slow and some of those areas are some streets or areas in larger cities that kinda fell through the cracks with the NBN kerfuffle.
Or they're a fan of the band and just like that art-work.

I've got a Powerage patch on my Battlejacket, not because it's my favourite AC/DC album but because out of my favourites, it has the best artwork.
*[Headbang intensifies]*
I did it by accident during an early playthrough and now make a point of doing it on purpose. Make sure to actually use cover and strategy (eg. Run somewhere where you know their likely route to follow and put down explosives) and its easy even at low levels honestly.

Hit squads aren't that hard either, usually I see them coming and can plan ahead to take them on or simply run to the nearest settlement while taking pot shots to even out the numbers a bit.
In selected areas, yeah. Otherwise its ADSL2 or Fixed LTE wireless, some large areas are still dialup and satellite.
And there'd be a little comment in the bottom right saying "NB: Creator uses Arch GNU/Linux"
And the inevitable frustration when the break (And ruined CD) was because the software got mixed up somewhere and screwed up.
You should check out [LazyGameReviews](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLx053rWZxCiYWsBETgdKrQ) on YouTube. He reviews a lot of old DOS era games, software and hardware.
> GIF animation that went on for 15 seconds was considered almost too big to be shared on the internet.

As an Aussie, a 15 second gif *is* too long to share. Make it a god damn gfy.
[This one already kinda works](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n--qRtxkouc)

I mean, the intro obviously fits and the lyrics themselves are about nuclear devastation.
Neither in Australia. 
Every time I've used one of those Off Ya Tree ones they're not bad, but the Agungs are noticeably better. Easier to maintain, (IMO) better cone pieces and the like because they don't need to be sold as anything but a bong.
Really? A 1030 can game fairly well, I built a SFF gaming PC for my best mates little brother (i7 2600 + 8GB DDR3 in a BTX Dell, chucked in a 1030 and an SSD) and it hits around 40-50fps on GTA V at 1080p, medium-high settings with a bit of tuning in nVidia Inspector. That's not far off of my HD7950s performance which has a 384bit bus with GDDR5.

This absolutely will impact performance and especially the ability to turn certain settings up because there's a hell of a lot more to GPU performance and settings than people think about. (eg. My HD7950 is almost never bottlenecked by its vRAM or bandwidth at 1080p which means despite often having to turn shadows and the other shader heavy settings down to medium or high on new games, I can nearly always leave the textures, LODs, etc on the highest settings with little slowdown. I usually aim for between 40-60fps and achieve it on nearly all games.)
I've found prog and prog metal also goes very well with Fallout if you pick the right artists.

Exploring the wasteland with some [Devin Townsend](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Goy5tAVlv8s) playing usually works fairly well, for example.
I'd actually be okay with a DLC that adds a new radio station full of Fallout inspired RHCP tracks and I'm not even a massive fan of them.
If you translate the shout, it's actually a perfect translation of the deadly joke from Monty Python to dragon language.
Absolutely. I had a springa and have used one of the Off Ya Tree glassy and its worth going up to a good Agung or the like if you can. 

I've got a [normal bonza style Agung bong](https://ozbongs.com.au/agung-chong-bonza.html?category_id=200) and a [Stone Age full glass bong](https://www.bongsmart.com.au/collections/stone-age-bongs/products/stone-age-with-ice-catcher-tar-catcher-green) and I love having that, because when I get some nice bud I can sit on my cones with the full glassy and really enjoy the taste and high but I have a good, easy to clean bong that smokes really well to smoke with generally.
The good thing about the ones where I live is that they're in the most popular tourist destination in the city, so they're mostly very chill provided you throw them a chip or the like if you have any. They just get very, very angry when they've got Cygnets, even if you give them all food. I swear they actually "play" with kids who chase them too, it doesn't look at all the same as when they're genuinely running after being scared by someones reaction to a hiss, it looks more like they're playing tiggy where the humans are always "it"
Only if you're willing to dock.
It depends if its cygnet season or not from what I hear. 

I mean, Geese are bad but swans match that when they've got kids around. I imagine Hell to look like a Disneyland for Geese, just Geese and their young as far as the eye can see.
Aussie here, never seen many geese around but we have Black Swans which are (From what I hear) just as bad during cygnet season.

For them, waving your arms around like a 5 year old trying to fly while yelling "Fuck off, cunt!" usually works. That's what I plan to do if I ever come across an angry goose too.
I'd wager with the other events that happen in Skyrim, the Thalmor stop trying to enforce the White-Gold Concordat and start preparing for another war to try and take as many regions as possible. Especially since the Psijic have the Eye and they're not likely to allow anyone else to get near it easily.
There's a good chance it will still, honestly. Porting to console from PC has never been easier and with the pace of updates and the time they've had prior to knowing 1.0 was around the corner and the time since it was originally announced, they should be able to launch it at least in beta.
I'm hoping you at least earn a decent wage. I was off working full time as an apprentice for a pittance, while my ex was claiming that as "time off" because I didn't have to clean the house and the like. Which was filthy usually, anyway.
In general from the sounds of it. Unions are making a massive push at the moment. They're negotiating a potential $50 p/w pay rise for low paid trades which also applies to apprentices.
Trump actually has charisma, that's why he hosted a popular TV show for so long. Dutton dutnot have a shred of it.
That could have easily been the shock of Vegitos strength hitting him. He got progressively more and more insane the longer he was transformed.
People need to keep reaffirming this. It's not a generational divide, if there's any divide it's wealth based.
Because he was only half-mortal, so damage didn't appear like it does on a mortal due to his regeneration glitching out so badly. His power was dropping and body falling apart after that blast, I imagine if he was fully mortal he'd have been evaporated or looking somewhat like [this](https://i.imgur.com/xmn0igG.png).
> Krillin didn't break his pelvis, and he's Krillin.

Yeah, just a superpowered human whose been seen tanking shots that'd turn any normal human into a fine red mist.
Pretty much. And it'd be fun talking about dishes to try with him, too.
If she was a Kenobi, for example, he'd likely say that her parents were nobodies because Vader killed Kenobi.
We're reaching limits on what we do right now, but every time that happens, we change what we do. 

There's limitations, but we already know plenty of potential ways around the barrier Silicon gives us. (Even something simple like AMDs Threadripper and Epyc helps a little bit because we can have the performance and core count of a massive die with many smaller dies, if they get a bit bigger for faster per-die performance that can be worked around)
I just came all over my keyboard, desk and screen. *small cough*
"Today a young man on acid realized that all matter is merely energy condensed to a slow vibration. That we are all one consciousness experiencing itself subjectively. There is no such thing as death, life is only a dream, and we are the imagination of ourselves. Here's Tom with the weather"
I only post reviews when something is particularly bad or particularly good. I also try to contribute pictures if I have any, usually not building shots or anything but stuff showing activities, etc at a business.
Honestly, it depends on how focused on space humanity becomes. When a large portion of us all work towards a single goal (~~Even~~ *Especially* if we're competing to get there first) then we can accomplish great things very quickly.

Look at Computers, when there was a lot of competition performance was increasing extremely quickly and often a PC would be completely out-dated within a year or two versus the newer models, even if it was still plenty fast versus now with little competition and people such as myself rocking 5 year old parts quite happily and not nearly as much of a performance gain from newer parts. Look at the moon race, where two countries focused on space exploration for various reasons (eg. Peaceful way to research wartime tech) and we went from barely being able to launch a man in orbit to landing a man on the moon and getting him home within a decade versus the times prior to SpaceX when there was little focus on space in general beyond communications.

I'm not saying something akin to the USS Enterprise will happen quickly or even within our lifespans, but if space exploration becomes something enough people try to do for whatever reason(s) then it could happen a lot quicker than people realise.
And that's important, because it's pretty clear if we're serious about exploring space, we're going to need to master building in space/on the moon or something.

The commercial and surveillance missions have already given us the benefit of a fully reusable and reliable rocket to orbit.
I think they are going to look at a console eventually, they have the game library for somewhat of a success already and Steam Machines have offered them firm knowledge on what's needed for success in a similar market.

Most games these days auto-detect if you're using the controller or a mouse+keyboard and usually even what type of controller you're using, if they get Big Picture mode into something that can compete with the UIs of Xbox or Playstation then they could compete very well. (And I'm sure AMD would have zero issues with producing more custom APUs designed using easy to build, already made designs for someone who is likely paying for them in full, especially because of the help that Valve has given them with AMDGPU among other things.)
They're far better off developing the tools and resources to allow easier porting and using the open source community to help make them work and work well. Even if publishers don't use those tools to port themselves, other houses would have a much easier time of it and by doing that, it gives them even more good credit with a large portion of the Linux community.
At this point, I think if they do ever release HL3 or (Far more likely IMO) reboot the series, it'll be on a new Vulkan based engine and will at least offer some boon for Linux users. If we're extremely lucky, it might even be a timed exclusive release because it's very easy to set up a Linux install, plenty of people would just to play it and might end up giving Linux a shot because they've already gone to the trouble of getting it on their machine.
Keep in mind the power grid is essentially a massive circuit with a vast, rapidly varying load and tight tolerances for what voltages, frequencies and the like are going where. If a power station goes dark, then all of those change because of the lower input and can cause a black out or brown out, or even destroy more sensitive electronics. (eg. I had an SSD killed by a brown-out once. Computer switched off when the lights dimmed and after a reboot it refused to ever appear even in the UEFI)

Having a battery to switch on makes that job a lot easier, as you have a lot of automatic leeway before problems occur.
There's always at least one backup station running afaik, because they sometimes need the leeway for rapid changes in load. It might not even be something like a station going dark, it might be something completely unrelated to the power grid (eg. Building explodes, train derails/crashes, asteroid goes over Melbourne and lands in the bay, etc) that causes a rapid change in power draw (eg. Everyone suddenly wakes up and turns their lights on to see what happened, or [goes to boil the kettle when a ridiculously popular TV show goes on ad-break](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slDAvewWfrA)) which needs to be rectified or all sorts of problems crop up.
I work in Daylesford at a bakery and since the battery came online, surges and brown-outs are far less common. I don't think we're seeing direct power or anything from the battery but it's made managing the grid a lot easier which allows for more stability in the grid. In fact, the only times I ever see any kind of visible power problem is when it's very windy which probably has to do with Daylesford only having a few lines going in.
You can get lightning to Ethernet adapters, I believe.
The idea is taking advantage of the large coverage to cover the entire globe. That way, everyone has some form of connection anywhere they are. The potential benefits of this working with projects like the OLPC and even just smartphone makers could be immense if done right let alone everything else it could allow. 
[Actually, sometimes he beats the stated timeframe.](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2017-11-30/sa-tesla-battery-begins-producing-power-a-day-ahead-of-schedule/9212794) I try not to be a Musk fanboy, but the battery has been massive for the whole local area. (I'm in the next state over, we've seen benefits as is and [we're getting 2 more in our state now](https://www.theage.com.au/politics/victoria/victoria-to-turn-to-tesla-battery-power-in-time-for-next-summer-20180321-p4z5hh.html).)
I disagree, Socket 775 at least (Penryn, Conroe, Yorkfield, Wolfdale) should get updates because it's still prevalent. Even in developed countries they're often still used for competent budget rigs or in "set and forget" style servers. (eg. Video security systems for a small business.)

They don't make sense in a gaming PC unless you're on an extreme budget, but for someone who just occasionally edits their resume, watches videos, browses the web, etc they're still plenty great when you pair them with 8GB of RAM and a more modern GPU. (Which usually aren't too hard to find and work easily)
Before he went into storage, he had a suit with +8 CH and regularly smoked for a +1 CH. (Because waving around a smoke to prove your point *always* works.)
MS is one of the worst given they've baked this kinda crap into Windows as a whole and the whole EULA basically gives them free reign over the data on your PC.
See, it's because they've simplified The Elder Scrolls far too much and ignored a lot of the larger lore usually represented through books in the actual gameplay although they've certainly left the possibility for some ideas to seep through (eg. Towers holding the world together could be brought up in a future game) but it definitely has its share of silly stuff such as most of Vivec's lore, the Kahjiit apparently forming a cat-ladder to the moons and some of the stories around the Daedric princes, especially Sheogorath. (It's a shame Michael Kirkbride doesn't write for their games anymore, he did Shivering Isles and the writing was amazing in that.)


I enjoy Fallout a tad more but mainly because Skyrim really was a let-down in a lot of ways writing wise, although I prefer the lore friendly modded quests because they're often far better than the vanilla stuff. FO4 isn't written well but the gameplay holds up on its own and the settlement building keeps it interesting.
What questionable behaviour? Apart from potential high temps, anyway.

Most miners UVed their GPUs because it's an easy way to get a fair chunk of extra performance for basically free due to the lower power consumption also leading to less stress,  also with less potential of constantly sitting at unsafe temperatures, especially keeping in mind GPUs are actually rated to be fine up to ~95-100c or even higher.

You do shave years off the GPUs life, but it'll also be likely be in need of an upgrade if not completely out-dated by the time the actual GPU/card dies while you may need to replace the cooling fans somewhat earlier. (Thankfully, it's usually fairly easy to find the fans themselves or a dead card with the same cooler for fairly cheap and if you plan on watercooling the problem is avoided altogether.)

To sum it up, miners are doing it all for profit and nearly always benefit more from running the cards underspecced versus stock, let alone overspec. Gamers tend to dabble in OCing a bit or buy factory OCed cards, which causes (slightly) more stress in addition to the solder joint stress caused by a varying load. Feel free to stay away from them though, as much as I hate misinformation it would lead to ex-mining GPUs being cheaper than normal GPUs.
>  because its good news!

Dacia is launching the Sandero into orbit of Venus!
That's the thing mate, none of us really know what we're doing, we just do whatever we think is the right thing to do. 
The difference being that faster internet would directly improve Chromes score and it doesn't list their speed. If they're running on a WiFi network with an ADSL2 connection then of course it would be pretty slow. 
[There, I fixed it for you.](https://i.imgur.com/Pg1bc8y.jpg)
Um. A week?

How much do you eat, mate? You could kill a cow once a year and likely have some beef and veg every night.
> chicken nuggets you have to physically go murder 2-3 chickens.

How many nuggets do you get in a fucking meal? 2-3 chickens would be easily enough nugget meals for multiple people.
I'm okay with "cash only" in some regards, there's negatives to it (A lot of people go elsewhere even if only for conveniences sake) but it's when you try to dodge tax *and profit off of it to boot* that I get shitty. (eg. Those off-brand ATMs that charge $2+ in fees. iirc 20-30% goes straight to the business)
My boss in Daylesford is always crying poor about penalty rates, overtime (That he doesn't pay) and god knows what else.

Just opened another business and last year, managed to buy *2* investment properties. Yup, all that overtime I didn't get paid for must *really* be burning a hole in that pocket of his.
You wanna know what's funny about a lot of those late 90s Windows games?

They work near flawlessly running in wine on Linux.
Are you kidding me?

I have the boxed PC game in my closet, still. 
Nah, going by MS other product lines it'll be called "Xbox 98SE For Workgroups 2019" and come in "Starter", "Home Basic" and "Ultimate" packages.

Starter has just the console, no AC cable, HDMI cable, controllers, storage, etc. Home Basic comes with the console, a 4GB USB Flash Drive and the half of the AC cable that plugs into the wall and power brick.
As someone who was a very inquisitive and tall child, I third this.

Don't even remember doing it, just have a very strong feeling of "Don't staple yourself" whenever I have one and a story from Mum.
It's even better because that's absolutely along the thoughts a kid would have in that situation, not really knowing a fair chunk of slang yet.
It's also fairly common for small details like this to make it into a scene. It makes sense, they take a very long time to create vs the amount of time the scene plays for so a few animators would do something subtle enough to end up in the final product.
Pretty much. With a name like that, there's no in between. You either never mention it or rarely have to talk about it, or you live up the joke and introduce yourself as "Dick Swallower."
Take my vote, we'll make a chain I swear
That's the point of a consent clause, you know if they want that or not. 
It's that and because it's so damn easy. Even at low level, its easy to sneak around a base and take everyone out one by one.
The only real set of demographics that are actively against each other are rich and poor, except most of the poor are on the side of the rich even unknowingly. (And spreading the misinformation that Boomers are the problem doesn't help. GenX is already a significant voting block, most of the politicians in Australia are already GenX and since they become predominant we've had a load of issues appear that we didn't. There's also plenty of boomers or GenXers who are poorer or otherwise just dislike that style of politics)
At least you've got something to cauterise the wound right there.
Ah, a fellow student of the ElectroBoom! school of electrical engineering.
Not everything bad.


The blues came from Mississippi, which means in theory we can thank Mississippi for rock, rap and metal.
She threw a trucker hat instead of a bouquet.
Natures pocket.
The only real crime problem we have was caused by the AFP preventing any MDMA from getting into Australia and the partygoers often ending up using ice instead. (And being addicted to it eventually)

Combine that with weed funding the biker and asian gangs around Victoria and you can see where a lot of their money comes from.
> Personally. I think intergenerational blame pointing is a device used by the haves to distract the have-nots. However, if you feel it is essential to hand out critcism, check out the house price trajectories vs the dominant generation since 1996.

This. There's so many boomers and Gen Xers who have it tough and get fucked just as hard as the rest of us.
The problem is that they're often selling to people who have bought an investment property, paid it off via the rent and their own contributions and are now buying more to increase how much they get. There's a lot of people getting locked out because they can't afford to buy a house and the market is just increasing too fast everywhere.
I believe it's not a lack of care, it's a lack of resources. They only have so much funding and can't just hire developers to work on drivers willy nilly, so some markets have been somewhat ignored. Hopefully they get some good GPU releases and keep the steam up on Ryzen because I expect one of the first things they'd look at expanding is driver development.

Their normal desktop drivers suffered for a bit too, but a concentrated push on them has started to really pay off the last couple of years. I've never had any particular major issue with AMDs windows drivers personally that wasn't usually shared or matched elsewhere by nVidia's drivers but apart from one major bug I can easily work around, I haven't had any real issues as of late. (That bug being OCing doesn't work with a second screen attached, I just plug it into my IGP instead which also means less FPS loss if I have a video or the like open in it)
It's because he has a habit of only bashing Intels most obvious monopolistic practices and screw-ups, usually after news has broken and has a habit of tending to ignore AMD parts even when they are competitive. (The PC enthusiast press in general is also pretty bad at over-stating differences between parts, there's only a few areas in gaming where any overclocked CPU makes much of a difference such as 200Hz screens but they always make it sound like you need the latest Intel CPU for any kind of gaming)

There's other things too, he's never really done a proper coverage of delidding and Intels TIM vs Solder and Liquid Metal. Basically anywhere else it's covered on Intels modern CPUs shows a large performance drop as do tonnes of user reviews but he still tries to skirt the "It's not really worth it" line which is complete bunk with the ease of getting proper tools to do it these days, it's possible to kill a chip but it's also much harder than people make out so long as you take your time and are careful. Even his Xeon OCing video was lacking somewhere, others have gotten better results via unofficial methods on older platforms. (eg. One guy was running around XS with a 4Ghz 18c Haswell-XE.)
I never said there's not plenty of massive companies that are too smart to really fail and anything really bad in the long term is actively worked against, but companies like Facebook or Microsoft that continue to work against users start to lose relevancy which eventually erodes marketshare.
Facebook is becoming irrelevant. They've made their business blatantly about gathering user data rather than catching up, chatting, etc as it used to be.

No company is too big too fail, sometimes they just get so big a few decades of decline are necessary and with the shareholder mindset, that's entirely possible to happen. 
I think it will have a new name but similarly to DB/DBZ in the American/European markets.
I'm kind of hoping that when Super continues (It seems like they're aiming for it to pick up again, at least) there's at least a anime only side-story after the inevitable Frieza fight where Goku ends up training with Buu and ends up asking Whis to bring back Cell for a sparring match because why not complete the trio?
I expect Super to return after the animators take a much needed break and at least similar ideas to this to be explored.

What I really want to see is a second show dedicated to shorts of the side characters, they all got interesting backstory additions and most got some good character growth during the arc itself in addition to the new characters added from the different universes. They could do say, two ten minute shorts in one episode with one following a U7 character doing something and another following another universe's adventures. (eg. Krillin doing some police work and the Trio De Dangers trying to improve their universe)
I like Super Vegeta Blue. He kinda got his own SSJ form after he mastered it which was at least given different properties in some games, it'd be cool if he figured out getting that in SSB as well.
Turns out that fully mastering UI turns you into Mr. Popo. I mean, he was the OG trainer of controlling your movement rather than brute strength or cool techniques.
Whis was also specifically training him for the form. Considering Whis has mastered it, he'd know the best ways to train and prepare to unlock it. I'd wager Vegeta *could* even unlock it eventually in a similar situation, but we won't ever get that and he'll continue to do his own thing as he always has. (He customised SSJ1/2 and I honestly believe that Royal Blue is Vegeta managing to do something similar to Super Vegeta vs normal SSJ to SSB)
**"I'D LIKE TO MURDER SON GOKU"**
I love how that's one of the few times Whis got visibly annoyed.
That and the sheer length of the ToP arc with the amount of characters introduced and old characters given new life (Krillin/#18, #17, Tien, Roshi, Piccolo/Gohan, Mr. Satan/Buu, Frieza and even Yamcha were all given at least enough screen time to develop a trait or something that could be made into at least a side-plot or full arc. I'm really hoping that they continue Super in the future but also do another anime with side characters and other universes alongside it, there's so much potential.)
*GP Sighs*

*Perfect Cell and Broly appear in Zeno's palace*

Cell: "Oh god dammit, not again"
They do have Ki that can be used offensively by someone who knows the right techniques.

And truth be told, they may not know how to fight but (iirc at least) they have more than a few abilities that could be useful in a ToP style situation. (eg. Healing)
The dragon simply took the wish as "Restore the universes, mortals and deities erased during the Tournament of Power" or something. Taking it literally as "erased universes" means that you could get anything from a bunch of completely empty universes to everything erased from every universe ever. Truth be told, I've noticed that a lot of speculation in Super is put to rest via the dub's specific translation so I suspect the actual wish will be similar to above once the dub of the finale is released.

Given that the dragon is an upper god, its also possible it knew of Zenos plan and basically took any form of "Bring back all those erased here" as that wish.
> Vegeta might just blow up that planet if Saiyans were fucking warmongers at this point of his life.

Nah, he knows how Sayians work. He'd find and defeat the king knowing he could take them all on at once with ease, then change their ways using brute force, allowing those who show loyalty some benefits (eg. Teaching them SSJ1) but never allowing them to come close to his level to remain dominant. It'd be funny to see a Sayian go to take him on as SSJ2, believing he's unlocked a power that Vegeta hasn't only for Vegeta to unleash his mastered SSJ2 and roflstomp.
I'd say it's possible. Frieza and his army exterminated quite a large amount of races. (And the dragon only brought back those who died within the last year)

Not to mention, Beerus has been awake a lot more often since fighting Goku...
I'd personally put it as there's two direct Earths but many timelines cause Future Trunks lived in an apocalyptic Earth while present Earth was fine if anything.
I'd love for them to do a spinoff series alongside a main series. The DB universe has so many good side-characters that a second anime with two 10 minute short stories would work really well, and Super gave basically every single one of them some kind of thread to start going off of. Buu could keep training and go fight other enemies or train Goten and Trunks or something along those lines, Tien training with Yurin, or even Yamcha going full 4th wall breaking when he realises he's getting his own "show" for example.
All I want is for when Super continues is the first few episodes to just open immediately up on Goku and Vegeta training in the spot they first fought. It'd be better as an opener to get the series started than a finale IMO.

(I also *really* want to see Cell come back and get some development; much like Super Buu after he absorbed a bunch of good natured people vs his first appearance, his personality means that he'd probably end up being a truly chaotic neutral character and the fact he has multiple races DNA means he could potentially work out weird combinations of forms.)
> For me, Frieza was always my least favorite out of Frieza, Cell and Buu. I was one of the people who was severely disappointed that Buu was being subbed out for Frieza. But after this whole ToP, it straight up couldnt have been anyone but Frieza. The story (plot, suspense, action, drama) just would not have been the same with Buu.

I kinda feel you on that. When they first made it clear Frieza was coming back, I was disappointed they didn't do a similar trick with Cell. Sure, he'd need a similar kind of power-up but he has Sayian cells and only seemed to achieve SSJ2 after regenerating, with a day in the Hyperbolic Time Chamber, being shown SSJ3 and told about Golden Frieza I'd wager he'd have had enough power to compete with the possibility of some weird Golden Super Cell form or something. His personality would also have been great in the ToP, too.

But then this episode...You couldn't get a finale that good with any other combination of characters, even #17 being as aloof as he is (You could tell he was just thinking "Eh, I can wait for a boat") was important even if that particular role could have been filled by a number of characters. (It was also pretty cool seeing that Bulma gave #17 her cruise ship)
I've only ever caught 1 Dratini and seen barely any, but I know they're around as I see plenty of Dragonite in gyms.

Never get many interesting mons from eggs either, the best stuff I've gotten is usually starters and two Porygons in the 80% range.
He definitely would have. He still gets his wish, would likely also want to be able to fight Jiren again as well and could hold it over Goku that he also gave Goku the wish he wanted.
I find that's a big issue with the game in general. The common Pokemon are too common and some of the others are way too uncommon.

I've seen about 6 Skarmory and due to a combination of bad luck and full time work, haven't caught a single one. I either just miss the spawn or it runs. 
Basically: "Can I jump on the gold train plz?"
I reckon a DBShorts series would be cool. Have two mini-stories per 20 minute episode while another series runs because there's so many side characters who have something they could be doing. Krillin doing cop work, Tien's dojo/Yurin's growth as a fighter, #17 fighting poachers, Pan's infancy and getting Goten/Trunks to do stuff, maybe with Marron again in future. (It'd be cool to have her mostly be weak and not really a fighter but also know the Destructo Disc so she can at least somewhat defend herself/maybe even save the day)

There's a lot of potential there, a lot of plotlines that could be explored. If they set some a few years into the future versus EoZ and allowed Marron to be similar to #18 (ie. Can fight quite well, but isn't obsessed with it and usually stays away from it if possible) it'd be cool to see something with Goten/Trunks teaching her/Pan about Fusion and also getting more serious about protecting the Earth for example. It'd be really cool for Goku's Grandkid and Krillin's kid to basically be best friends.
I had that happen, then caught one when I went on holiday to see a mate.

Still haven't even seen another.
[Sorry, but that's only worthy of Reddit Silvr](https://i.redd.it/x0z7pslut3ty.jpg)
"Fluent in Thu'um"


"Arngeir, you're not going to get some quick action while we're in High Hrothgar."
He absolutely is. Not in the typical loud, in your face style of say, David Lee Roth or Bon Scott. (Or hell, Robert Plant) 

He's more charismatic in his large vocabulary, somewhat eccentric interests/habits and the mystery surrounding him because of his tendency to hide away from public view.
There's not really any challenge to levelling up without exploiting either. While absolutely not true in this case, sometimes exploiting is more of a challenge and actually more entertaining than normal levelling.
Very experimental sound, great and charismatic singer and both bands had a hell of a drummer.

And while both did somewhat stay out of the real mainstream, they were still generally respected and somewhat well known. Most people born 90s or earlier know Schism and maybe Stinkfist at least. Also both bands have a very similar vibe. (And even have the same producer for some albums iirc)
You have to plug a fibre line in the socket and put the other end in your rectum to truly know internets.
Not too phased honestly, it keeps the house nice and warm.
I don't think it's that, I think he's happy to be able to write anything fresh to him and that as a self-admitted lazy alcoholic, I think he's also happy to sit around not writing anything in particular.

From what I've read at least, he hasn't been asked to write more episodes and isn't as a result. (Or at least, doing more than jotting down ideas or plots) I also doubt given his personality that he's pushing them that hard for a new season. I just have a feeling that by the time Adult Swim get around to asking for a new season, either Harmon might have moved on to something else or the hype for it would have died down.
Venture Bros is here to stay until something big comes along. Having that dedicated fanbase and creator whose dedicated to doing it (Even if they're slow) means it's an easy way to fill a slot. (Especially because a lot of the fans would deal with shitty timeslots and the like, making it a great gap filler)

Given what Dan Harmon has been like in the past, I wholeheartedly don't expect any more Rick and Morty in the future. Maybe one more season in a couple of years or an eventual movie or something like that which probably will revive a lot of nostalgia but not be as great as we'd all remember S1/S2 by then.
Well, it depends which GoD. I think that kinda showed that the GoDs are all different in strength (Which makes sense if its more a bunch of theory and techniques that a mortal uses/learns from an Angel or soon to retire GoD to become a GoD with the final "transfer" also granting immortality) and that Beerus is one of the oldest GoDs but also one of the strongest. Not sure if I've missed anything.

I think Goku does rival a single GoD and possibly is stronger than quite a few of them but would struggle on his own because the aforementioned techniques and sheer amount of extra experience a GoD has would add up. We know he's already as strong as a GoD from the dialogue actually...He's basically matching Jiren in UI and Jiren was introduced as the "Character whose stronger than a GoD"
I honestly think that Goku would lose but Beerus would have to go all out to pull off a victory now that Goku has UI.

It vastly enhances the users skills and the like, but Jiren's already shown that sheer power and speed can still be a match for it. Beerus would probably keep up with UI Goku without using UI, then actually go into UI at some point and pull off a victory because he's able to use his full power (ie. Much more than Gokus) that much more effectively even if he can't sustain it properly. It wouldn't matter, he'd end the fight before the form ran out or anything.
I might be misremembering, but I thought its spread was relatively new, but Yagrum mentioned he specifically went back to Red Mountain and caught it.

My guess is he encountered someone from Clan Dagoth, maybe even Dagoth Ur himself and was one of the first mortals to get Corpus. The reason he still has his sanity (and had a lot, but not all of the negative effects removed by Fyr. Something that only the Nerevarine also accomplished with greater success) is because the actual disease wasn't "final" so to speak and possibly not as damaging/Dagoth knew Yagrum maintained his sanity and made specific changes to it to counter however Fyr prevented that from happening.
Andre Jr the Hobbit
Because the boot process has always been a tiny benefit of an SSD even over a slow hard drive compared to the difference in normal use. Anyone who got an SSD for boot times alone who didn't have some niche reason for it is a fool.

I'm explaining that boot times are one tiny benefit of an SSD in general and that an NVMe one has bigger benefits than what your post implied. 
John the Average sized Great Grandson of Andre. 
How much money the artist earns per show and how far the shows are apart. Most bands in Australia that have a semi-decent following tend to fly personal around but just truck over the gear. 
Because at this rate I'd have to pay more for all the different streaming services to get the shows I want than I would have paid for Foxtel back in the day. 
And that'd be considered a good point if it was Dark Souls.

Honestly, at the time games in general were a lot more unforgiving, even the TES games of that era or many other games. Didn't matter, still had fun and that accomplishment of actually getting good at the game was a really nice payoff.
Bugs and the like, honestly.

It's not half as bad as launch but my first playthrough of Skyrim ran into a brick wall due to the dialogue bug from Season Unending and the Civil War quests that was fixed in patch 1.4. Since then I refuse to run with out as many bug fixes as I can because I don't want to basically have to give up a save if I've forgotten to manage my saves properly or the like.

Quest mods also add a lot of new flavour, some of that content is the best "Skyrim" content around IMO.
Boston Project also refers to Fallout 4 given that it's located in Boston.
Aussie here:

You're both weird. Most places seem to have somewhat..well, normal teeth. They're off-white, straight and might have a gap or two. England is the extreme of "bad teeth" while stereotypical American teeth make you wonder if you guys gargle bleach every morning or everyone has dentures or something.
Honestly, between the fact it's wet, there's teeth and a big ol' tongue licking you I'd say it was fairly expected.
Others say he actually had a massive stroke from trying to hold back the fit of laughter when he saw a car with two sleeping guys in it, and is actually dead on the side of the road to this very day.
How would someone forking OpenMW lead *it* directly into legal hell? The new project would be if it was a remake, but if it was an engine based off of OpenMW with a bunch of newer features that just happened to play Oblivion but not Morrowind, I could see it sliding. 

Forking can mean that for all intents and purposes, it's a different project entirely. If MS (For example) made a new version of word that saved in yet another new file format and tried to sue the LibreOffice project for it's eventual inclusion of that format, they couldn't automatically sue Oracle if OOo was still going.
The issue with that theory is people often used to say (Before Rey was even an idea) that they'd love stuff with (at least) Aayla Secura being a main character...And Leia was a main character.

What? The Phantom Menace and A New Hope basically both point blank said "These kids on Tattooine basically build fast flying vehicles and race them around for fun because the only things to do are that and work" and that the force was already helping them with faster reaction times...Rey had that by managing to survive on so little for so long when she lived on Jakku. She then didn't need to show off force powers and lightsaber skills that would have likely thrashed half of the Jedi council less than a week after zero training and a few seconds of having a mental link to an already powerful force user. She's absolutely a Mary Sue...Luke didn't duel anyone in Ep4, duelled Vader in Ep5 and *barely* escaped with his life...Even in Ep6 when he beat Vader, he had to basically start to turn to the dark side to do so and even then *still* lost on every point other than hoping his dad would save his ass. That's a good tale, because it shows the hero as an every day person who could merely be one of the many unnamed red shirts at the start, shows some of their best/worst/highest/lowest moments *and then* shows that they grew way more in maturity than the original skills they were looking for which is what wins in the end. Meanwhile there's Rey who within the first quarter of the movie was piloting the most famous ship of the franchise well enough that one of the most well known (And grumpy) characters basically dropped a line saying "I'd have her in my crew, her skills are that good." That's what we call a Mary Sue, or if she was male a Gary Stu.

I firmly believe that if Rey was a guy with zero changes to the story, character, lines, etc bar whatever is needed to switch the gender, there would be a **lot** less people defending Rey.
Gambling is like microtransactions in gaming or opiates as a drug. Sure, there's good points to it when done properly but the reality of it is that it's extremely hard to do properly and there's big parts of your brain that want nothing more than to go too far.
Plus the Police not doing a whole lot to combat the ice epidemic while doing as much as they can for any other party drugs is adding ice to that list.

And the shithead dealers who keep selling it as MDMA to partiers.
...That's kinda what I meant? Any open source replacement engine is basically going to have you dig the files off disk from the OG game for legal reasons.
I basically have the same setup. 250GB 840 Evo, 1TB WD Black and a 2TB Samsung for bulk storage.

I'm going NVMe because it's that slightly bit faster and if I'm keeping my old SSD, even a 256GB one is still a lot more storage than I currently have for SSD stuff.
Not really, if you upgrade to NVMe for larger capacity/to have an M.2 SSD/whatever other reason then you may as well keep your old SATA SSD for faster-than-HDD storage.

It'd benefit some areas and games (eg. The Sims 3 with mods) that load a lot of data from both Program Files *and* My Documents if you have them on separate drives, heck, TS3 loads faster if I have the game installed on my WD Black 1TB and my mods, DLC and saves on my SSD than if I have it all on the SSD. (840 Evo, so not exactly a bastion of performance to be fair)
I have a feeling she has a vague connection to it that she's aware of, and just appealed to it for help without knowing what she was doing when she had no other options left.
> "fans" who rant about how Leia was never force sensitive until she space walked... It's just sexism. They want the Jedi to be Special Space Men. No girls allowed. That's why they hate Rey.

Or they just haven't seen the OT in a long time and forgot about the instances where Leia showed force sensitivity. 

There's plenty of non-sexist reasons to dislike Rey, and the whole "Hating Rey is sexist" thing is tripe from start to finish...Most of the people who point out fair flaws with her character have no problem at all with other characters like Leia herself, [Aayla Secura](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Aayla_Secura), [Shaak Ti](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Shaak_Ti) or [Adi Gallia](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Adi_Gallia) to name but a few female characters from the series. The first movie just made this ridiculously powerful character come out of no-where and rapidly learn to use the force the second she was exposed to it and it made zero sense. Now the second movie establishes there's a link between her and Kylo, it actually makes sense that she'd rapidly learn how to use the force when he's using it against her because of that unknown bond. Lucas was bad at having some intricate details woven into his plots without ever explaining them (And fans sometimes taking years to notice it because of how subtle it is) but the current trilogy has been *really* bad for that too.
The engine is really showing its age these days unfortunately. I'm hoping someone forks OpenMW for an Oblivion version once it reaches 1.0, there's ways that the game can be made to scale better on modern systems. (eg. multi-threading)
I still remember hearing Prison Sex a few years ago on Triple J at 3am and thinking "What? They play good music sometimes?"
I like to think of Fallout 4 as a two step game. It either took two steps forward or two steps backward depending on which part of the game you're talking about.
You can even imagine it was "Bird hearts" and she was just keeping him in line.
I have a feeling the "Surely saved [a life]" line might specifically be Maynard referencing that. There's almost certainly a lot more that's deeply personal to Maynard and we'll never (and should never) really know about, to be honest.
Seen it live twice, great song.

Apparently Cliff actually named it.
Or a specific type of tunnel that has pipes in it which allows item travel. It'd be cool to watch the items fly along a tube to the fabricator, and if they added some kind of PC with BASIC or Lua or something else simple to learn to program in you could even automate production to a point where you can tell it to just grab everything you need to make what you want, or tells you what's missing so you can go looking.
Considering it's fairly large, you'd *at least* want a rig with 32GB of RAM. I'd actually prefer to have 64GB if I was running a RAMDisk at this point. The price is absolutely not worth it for making even HDD limited games run better unless you have a specific use for that kind of speed. It'd be cool to use a 32GB Optane drive to store a Linux based OS which loads into a 32GB RAMDisk on boot. Considering Steam installs most of your games under /home (A different partition) you might be able to get away with it if you're careful about what you install and where logfiles are going among other things. (It'd also help keep viruses at bay, updates would update the Optane drive but a virus would just be erased on reboot)
Or she had tremendously bad luck with having to move back with my Grandma after moving out of home for a time after losing a job, my father having a stroke 4 months before I was born, dying 2 and a half years after I was born and after going back to Uni to get a degree, losing the job she'd gotten from that degree and has had zero luck finding other work in that area.
The problem with that is that any other dude with a homepage can't potentially cause a death with what they do on that page. YT could quite easily given the amount of people who rely on it for income...

The fact they pay at least some creators and some creators use that as their main income means they should be regulated if nothing else. 
Um. How many other sites host user uploaded videos and have as many long running series'? YT absolutely does have a monopoly, the only way they don't is if you count it like Intel "not" having a monopoly on CPUs because there's so many Qualcomm and other ARM based chips out there.

It's technically true, but the market they mainly worry about is one where they don't have any big competitor. 
And? Leave specifically Linux related stuff to the subreddits dedicated to those areas. We're not massive, so why limit /r/Linux to specifically about Linux? Technically you may as well just delete the subreddit and use /r/kernel instead if that was the case, no point in having two subreddits for the same subject.

This potentially directly affects Linux and any other open source project so in my books, it's relevant enough. I'm not a mod or admin, but I can say as a user that it's blatant that the mods and admins fetish for trying to basically remove or lock half of the posts due to "low relevancy" really turns me off discussing Linux in this subreddit... Dunno if it's that common, but it was when I checked the subreddit out properly yonks ago and half the time when I read an article there's a staff comment like this. Definitely makes me want to just stick to other places to talk about Linux. 
Honestly, he has more of a point than you. Soviet Russia is not Russia, it was a lot of other countries too and those countries provided people, education, research and god knows what else. 

Do you really think that they kept segregation by country when they were trying to get rid of peoples nationalities in favour of them all being Soviet? Saying that the Russian space program is the same as the soviet space program isn't too far from saying NASA even in the 80s is the same as NASA now which is completely foolish. 
I wish England kept producing its own boosters. It'd have been cool for Woomera to be more relevant to space travel as an Aussie. 
And given that it's 400c on a good day, rains acid and even the ground is hot enough to be reforming constantly I'd say it's a hell of an achievement up there with the moon landings, personally. 
At one point they were burying their tanks to create basically a mounted tank gun that the Nazis had a lot more trouble dealing with than a fully mobile tank. 
I feel like a lot of his points would be completely refuted by "Turn your engines/radios off and drift" because that's the main signals he talks about being detectable.

It's be easy to hide a warhead carrying tiny probe in an otherwise normal launch and make it very difficult to detect where it's going when it's engines fire up, even if you know *something* was launched at *some time*, it would just as likely be an internet satellite as it could be a warhead with the stuff I could see a Mars based race being able to detect with our current technology. 
Exactly. It's rich vs poor at most, and even those lines are fairly blurred with some rich being good guys and plenty of the poor being generally cunts.

My mum's a baby boomer. She will have to work in her "retirement" and currently earns a lot less than I do despite working nearly as many hours. 
Saw that on the last show of the World Magnetic tour, it's great live. 
Yes we do, I live in Ballarat, Victoria and we have the facilities to make trains. I'm pretty sure the vline trains were all made there. 
This. I could see the institute rep constantly being a source of problems for the CPG trying to get the right shit done while they institute thinks the surface dwellers simply don't understand their own society as much as a bunch of mostly detached scientists literally living underground do.


And it takes longer than 4 years for these things to resolve, killing all the leader type people would introduce significant chaos which would stop any type of real organisation for a while... Very short sighted if they only let them exist as an actual government for 4 years. 
She's earning more than 5x what I do off the pension and still wants half my damn wage for free on top of that.


She can manage. 
Well, you know when you've made the cop laugh you're probably going to be good. 
We basically thrive on giving each other shit.

If you're the butt of this week's joke, don't worry, some other poor cunt will likely top it next week. 
It's still a sign of the times. Microtransactions in games are like a disease, they may not be *that* negative at first but if you don't actively try to remove them, it will get negative.

Yes, even cosmetic ones. They might not directly effect the game play but they change little things about the game and take development time away from important things in favour of the money. (and no, companies don't exist to make money... They exist to provide a good or service which we compensate them for money with.)
That's because PC Per has an obvious Anti-AMD bias. I don't know why anyone still reads their results and takes them seriously because of that. That said, casual users don't but they hear things from their tech savvy friends and thanks to nVidia and Intel having good marketing, there's a lot of tech savvy people who think AMD is utter crap even if you blatantly show them an AMD PC gaming away perfectly. 

Even the frame pacing issue....they had results showing Fermi was as bad as GCN but Kepler was much improved (showing it didn't make massive differences in games if it wasn't a problem when both manufacturers had it) but removed them the second people asked about that. 
Nah, this will break their monopoly at least a bit. I for one expect Vulkan to gain a significant marketshare because it works well on basically every platform now and even if you're only making windows games, having 8.1/7 users is nice. 
No, we have a shit tonne of power against employers and often are in illegal conditions, it's just making sure you know what you can go for, how to do it and if you can get support from your co-workers on the matter.

For example, my boss wasn't doing overtime at all and then tried to bring in time in lieu instead, until we pointed out a period where we'd all worked overtime for a few weeks with no compensation. Now we're getting a system that works for all of us, he's not paying per minute for when we're clocked on (Myself and one other worker prefer to work slowly some days, we might end up stretching a day right out but usually do a nicer job on the products which is important for a bakery) but when we have busy shifts or just a lot on we can claim overtime on that. 
I have a couple of friends who are together and became vegan, one is cool about it and very respectful but the other slowly turned into the stereotypical there's no reason to eat meat one over time. Even my ex who has allergies to fructose and lactose apparently could easily be vegan...

I just don't bring it up with him at all or change the subject before it really starts and it's cool, though. 
That's his point, he has been asking the void to embrace him and it hasn't. Maybe we should email the devs and report a bug. 
I love the reactions I get when I show people the moon or something in my telescope. They may not be extremely interested at first, but when they see it they are. 
Always end the sentence going back to their issues and making it clear you're happy to talk about it or the like. Makes it clear you're trying to empathise even if you stuff it up somehow. 
Except its just Golden Freeza with long hair and a Gibson Flying V. 
And it still doesn't mean that Goku is weaker. The only way to lose is to go off-bounds and he could simply be surprised by the attack and not have any ground left to land on.
Depends on how they handled it. If Freeza decided to let Goku go once it became clear he was going to still win, it'd make for an interesting turn of events. (Even if he never actually fully goes good.)
How? Goku is being pushed by trying to surpass Jiren, even if he isn't actually going to surpass him. Same as Vegeta getting SSJ in the first place...
Fuck that, if I was ASUS I'd say "Alright then nVidia, we'll make a new brand for you and leave RoG/StriX for AMD."
And removed results showing that prior to Kepler, nVidia's frametimes were just as bad as AMDs.
Yeah, depends where you are really. Easier for them to import oranges from california in time to be on a Melbourne shelf and still legally called fresh than say, one in Alice Springs.
Not really, you can easily go without your prescription for years at a time if you want. Might need to factor that into your underwear and pants budget though.

Edit for those that need help: /s
That part I was less than pleased about to say the least.
Even  more secure than that, set up a dead mans switch. Have some kind of notification that doesn't say about the dead mans switch, but just says "Daily Reminder: Login and maintain personal server" or something and the server basically doing whatever you want but mainly being there to automatically send the wiping text if you haven't logged in within 24 hours.
Depends on the area. Some people are hitting semi-decent speeds on FTTN as stupid as rolling it out was, and HFC is good in some areas. (eg. When I had it on the old Neighbourhood Cable lines, I was pulling 250Mbit/s down and 90Mbit/s up on Steam or other unmetered sites, 100/20 on most of the internet versus a constant 95/38 on FTTP.)
Not like its possible to design a watertight compartment, either.
That's the gist of it. You'd also include some metadata to ensure that the mods included in the pack are also in the right load order, any programs or the like that need to be run are ran (eg. Generating new idles) and anything else I've missed. (Maybe some wizard stuff that's more up to the user such as UI options)
> This was why some Jewish men were able to use a bottle and string to stretch their foreskin during the war.

You can actually do that even with modern circumcision afaik. It'd just obviously take longer as you have to stretch what's there much further.
Maybe it's not because of how they have their software set up, but it's absolutely feasible to have that functionality. Not only with the SW (Which is a lot more basic than what I'm suggesting, honestly) but also with Technic, Feed the Beast and whatever other Minecraft mod launchers there have been that also had modpack support. All of them downloaded Minecraft like the official launcher, then downloaded the mods included in the pack you selected and auto-installed them, including any config changes that were made. (eg. item ids)

Even just having some "official" modpacks offered by the Nexus that give a good base to build off of would be better than nothing and not that hard to implement in theory, but I don't know the specifics of their network and servers obviously. 
That's unfortunate.

It feels stronger than the usual PGR fare, at least.
> had this been 2008, and they were in this position 10 years ago, it would of made fucking sense

Labor wanted FTTN around then.

Thank god the nationals trashed that, because FTTN didn't make sense for most of Australia. Ever. That whole thing where you have to rip up all of the fibre you've laid *along* with the copper and relay new fibre means that basically as long as running Fibre to most cities was an option, it was by far the best option even when considering cost. (Because FTTN costs nearly as much as FTTP...You're not actually replacing that much fibre with copper. Add in the fact you'll eventually be ripping up the entire thing for an FTTP style connection after a few years/decades anyway and well...May as well have just gone Fibre to start off with, it'd have been a lot cheaper and we could afford it at the time, even if we lay it out for 100Mbit/s speeds the cable itself doesn't change for much higher bandwidth afaik, so switching out the hardware on either end of the cable would be all we'd need to get Australia on 1Gbit/s, 10Gbit/s, 100Gbit/s and above.)

Technology moves fast enough that stop-gap solutions are best left for areas where you can easily rip them out for the proper one when it's appropriately priced, fast, stable tech. FTTN post-2000 is basically like if Henry Ford had said "I'm not so sure these horseless carriages will actually take off, so we may as well make this one in a way that allows us to drive it horseless but to also attach a horse if needed" in early 1908 before the Model T actually launched.
I'm about 90% sure that the 3 instrument players in Tool can basically do that, at least together. There's been times during rehearsals fans were at that someone would say "Play X!" and they'd do an instrumental version of it, even if it's a song they never play live anymore. (The main time I can think of is when they did an instrumental of Flood while rehearsing in Melbourne on their last tour here)
How's your reading comprehension?

Literally after the first four words of my post, I said "(even those who know how to mod Skyrim etc)". The first TES I played was Morrowind on the OG Xbox and I've been playing the series on PC ever since Oblivion came out. (I doubt many people who read my post and thought "Pff, don't be lazy" never have had to actually mod, just directing a mod manager around...These days it's a lot easier than back in the days of FCOM being one of the staple mods of Oblivion or setting up bashed patches and manually editing them for increased stability, something I actually still do on Skyrim and FO4 despite there not being near as much need for it.)

You say *wanting* (Not expecting, but just wanting) some form of system that allows it to be easy to install mods (even thought-free?) is entitled? I personally think the mod authors who usually remain steadfast against it regardless of other potential options. Look at Minecraft, there's an "official" modpack launcher that allows mods to come from a source the modders already use (Thus preserving ad revenue/data gathering/whatever other reason the modders are against packs) which is mostly used as a 'base' config by the people who play it for SP mode. That's literally all I'm *asking for* with TES/FO, not demanding which is what would make me entitled. (I can get by either way, but there's a clear market for ever lazier ways to do things and the best way is to compete, not outright try and ban.)

(Hey, Nexus owners. Start allowing user created mod-lists that tie into NMM with auto-downloading, installing and configuration. Bam, mod owners are happy because even modpack DLs are basically the same as normal DLs, users are happy because you can be as lazy as you please while still getting a great game and Nexus should be pleased because one of their bigger competitors now has no real selling point over the Nexus.)
I also feel like (Despite that one nug with the pistils) this isn't PGR. It's extremely light and fluffy compared to the absolutely-PGR stuff I've been getting and you can feel at least some crystal on the leaves.
As someone who was into Minecraft modding a few years ago, this immature kind of crap from Fore should not be tolerated at all. It just leads to drama and making the modding scene much less nice than it is now.

I get his perspective, but the fact is he's modifying another companies game... He doesn't have the rights you'd normally expect when writing software and picking the license. 
Because some of us (even those who know how to mod Skyrim etc) simply don't have the time to do the usual modding and troubleshooting steps for a good mod playthrough. There needs to at least be more sites where you can have a list of mods to download and some automated way of installing them. (preferably after you dl them all manually or something to keep the authors happy) 
Personally I imagine it not to be a 2D hole so to speak, but a 3D kind of portal. Size differing based on the power of the magi as they escaped/if multiple used one portal. Basically, they are stars but different in the specific nature of why/how they exist. 
This. While the drums (for example) are being miced up, there's absolutely no reason Adam can't dial his tone in for the recording environment or rehearse stuff they've already gone over. 

Heck, they could have simply been micing his amp up while setting everything up.
> They claim that listening is impossible because it's too much data

Especially when that's bullshit. Human speech can be compressed down to ridiculous levels compared to music and we know for a fact that Google has supercomputers designed for mass data processing, why wouldn't Facebook given that they already invest similar amounts in their processing power?
Barnaby's sperm have infiltrated your testes. Soon, you'll have a lust for staffers.
For anyone curious, Vivaldi and Otter Browser are more modern equivalents of the old Opera.
For making sure you didn't root your device.

Even if you just root for adblocking like I do, you still have to use the same workarounds as spoofers and the like to play despite being completely legit.
I would not be surprised if it was taken to a plebiscite that most of the public would go for it just for the spectacle.
Usually I get a reminder with an added fee, then suspension. I guess debt collectors would come afterwards but I've never had a bill slip that far.
Probably an unpopular opinion but my favourite is actually Goku going SSJ3 for the first time, the clear mastery of the earlier forms and the sheer power shown from the transformation was insane, the build up was immense but IMO the arc itself let that wonderful bit down.

Second favourite is Gohan going SSJ2, Goku going SSJ1 was great too but that one hit a lot harder to me...Cell went a lot further than Freeza a lot quicker to get Gohan to snap and transform, and they'd been training *hard* for the Androids/Cell for literally years at that point, versus mere months at most for Namek. Watching the Cell Jrs wail on the Z fighters while Gohan helplessly watches until he snaps after 16s death and just overpowers everyone there without even trying was awesome.
Not really. If the link is limited to a one off line or something, then you have no idea it's actually *that* Abigail or just a coincidence.
As a techie I can't help but draw the insane amount of parallels between electric cars vs traditional petrol vehicles and SSDs vs HDDs. If it ends up like SSDs have over the years for your average joe, it could actually be insanity. (ie. Stuff like Fiestas that can happily make 1000hp when you remove their limiters)
> Jerk unexpectedly and violently 2-3 times

How'd you know my fapping routine?
No, but he was portraying a predominately white stereotype. Why is it different when S'Mouse is basically portraying a predominately black one?

He shoulda just left hip hop alone, because I guarantee even if he hadn't done blackface for the character, the same people would instead be whinging about how he's portraying a majorly black stereotype as a white man. 
Dunno, I'd say they'd at least be pretty similar to confetti after being shaken around in a giant container filled with nitroglycerine.
That's what it sounds like to me. They just wanted examples of the languages used to probably translate them and figure out how to at least eavesdrop on humanity. 
And pull your baseball cap backwards. Possibly the most important step. 
Nitroglycerine and *then* shake it.
I mean a few days, if you're even 1c overdue its counted but I've sent my payments a day or two after the due date before without issue.
"Man, if you have a foot fetish have I got news for you."
"Peter Helliar has announced a tour starting in Springvale."
Um. If the chemical is still with the weed plant matter and not boiling (ie. Turning into a gas) then how exactly is it leaving the vape?

Paclo vaporising at 384c actually points to it being *much* safer in a vape, because in theory the paclo would still be there at the end of the day but the THC and CBD wouldn't be after you've vaped it. (Which is what you'd want from PGR bud if you have to smoke it)
My glassys stem is the right size that with a tiny amount of blutak just to ensure a seal, a normal brass cone fits perfectly fine. (That said, I don't even need the blutak to be honest. I just had the one remaining cone that night and didn't want to lose it)
It is extremely unlikely.

That doesn't mean similar hasn't happened before and won't happen again.
Imagine finding out that the specific voltages used for PCIe signalling on Ryzen was ever so slightly higher than Intels implementation on average and the specific M.2 controller that was picked (and used) on your initial Ryzen builds degrades ever so slightly faster 3 years after launch because a bunch of the more heavily used systems are being returned with dead SSDs. 

That's what I mean by compatibility issues, that M.2 SSD should work in anything with the right kind of M.2 slot on it but that doesn't mean other issues won't crop up later/the choice of parts has an effect on lifespan.
No-one knows it, but they're followers of the Daedric Lord of Mail.
"Last I saw, he read a book and tentacles dragged him into it"

"Guess I'm off to Apocrypha, then."
Or the slow ass imperial mail 
Well, install these then go hog-wild with quest mods and the like. This basically improves Skyrims gameplay mechanics greatly over vanilla, adding content is entirely possible and much easier to troubleshoot.
Depends on what he's adding, there's plenty of ways to get additional content in a way that's safe. (eg. Sticking to specific types of mods, backing up your entire install and saves before changing something big, etc)
This. People forget that big business brings more bureaucracy to the mix for both better and worse. Sure, the small PC shops might already have Ryzen APU based PCs on sale with an SSD, decent PSU in an SFF case or something but larger companies require more QA in making sure everything actually works together and that there won't be some other failure down the track. Even if they're using the same SSDs, etc there's absolutely nothing saying that the specific controller used has a problem *specifically* shown on Ryzen systems. (Eg. 8800GT had issues with the PCIe 1.1/2.0 transition and not booting on one platform unless you disabled specific pins until a fix was made iirc)

It'll take longer to qualify the AMD systems with the SSDs, but you've got a much higher chance of having a system that just keeps going relatively trouble-free hardware wise. (Most issues come from software, honestly)
Go to a local bakery. Probably better bread that way, too.
Definitely worth the time and energy of designing the packet along with packing them.
And wrapping it like that isn't good for the banana bread, either.
Yeah, that's it. And a lot of these kinda "I wish I could x" things are things you can absolutely set up in a way that allows you to randomly pick up on it one weekend or whatever with little effect to your normal routines.
She never died for me.

Just kept getting in my way. Eventually I made her essential so I could fus her out of my way.
When you have something like that which you'd like to do but don't see a need to (beyond the want to do it) and don't really see much time for, research it in your off time or set up parts of it where you can fit it in. On the shitter? Run a google search on popular patches and the like, if you do it every time you take a dump then after a month you'll be fairly knowledgeable on the subject. Troubleshooting something relating to drivers on your PC? Save a list of the running drivers to whittle down to whats required for your daily use when you can.

That way, if you get a free weekend or even just a few hours in the future you can just sit down and muck around with it then. Plenty of benefits to be had, you can usually still trim the size down quite a bit, some of the patches actually do effect performance quite noticeably (I typically use the linux-ck kernel on the AUR for that specific reason, and because I can just download it from a repo if needed) and it's all incredibly interesting just to read about even when you're not putting it into action.
It's a GPU for the PicoITX layout.
Lydia was always there to carry my, *ahem*, burdens though.
And as any Tool fan knows, the anus is 4 warmer.
I heard 7fps to 20fps on the commit, although there's obviously other things to take into account there. (They didn't have the 'official' version with the fix, just the patches that were rolled into this along with CSMT afaik)
I want a spinoff that has some life to it, even if it means making it an alternate gamemode of the main game. (ie. I'd love Sims Medieval to have ended up as a full separate subfranchise to The Sims with its own series of expansions, etc and then one in TS4's engine that's something different again)

Kinda hopeful that a group eventually gets together and makes an OSS version of the engine that would eventually allow a fully community made TS game. Doesn't even need to be a drop in replacement for one of the older games (eg. OpenMW, OpenRCT2, etc) with compatibility for stuff included in the actual games although that'd be cool. (Essentially ending up as one game that can play like TS1/TS2/TS3/TS4/Medieval/Life, Pet and Castaway Stories/whatever I'm missing that's completely free both as in free beer but also from EA screwing up future releases and leaving us high and dry. As long as the engine itself supports the same features as the 4 engines specified there, you could literally have the one game for all of them along with the typical sandbox mode also being more customisable as a result, like using a TS:Medieval style neighbourhood with prebuilt lots but in a completely different time/style)
I'd go back to my brick like HTC Dream if it meant gaining features that have become abandoned by some manufacturers over the years like physical keyboards, headphone jacks, SDCards, etc. I can live with it being thick. 
Most of the more tech orientated users honestly expected this. The reason it ran so much better than TS3 was because it was so much more limited at the engine level, the new gameplay additions are honestly some of the best in the series (eg. Get to work, moods, game packs) but even before it came out that TS4s engine was originally developed for a mobile title and adapted it was pretty clear we'll never get the stuff missing from TS3 in this engine.

I'm partially optimistic that TS5 will combine the best of the features, especially as technology is now at a point where something like TS3 would be a lot easier to make and have run well on even mediocre systems.
Going from the comments on the commit, looks to be a decent performance bump but still not native level.
Sure, but were you calling this specific victory or the other stuff that's happened thus far from the start of the Tournament?

Hell, all of the people who had feels after Roshi didn't even manage to actually die says it all. A death like Yamcha's against the Saibaman won't give anyone feels but Piccolos against Nappa did even though everyone knew there's a possibility he'd be back even at the time.
Not really, my point is that death being irrelevant doesn't mean all emotion and the like is stopped.
Technically Fortuneteller Baba being able to bring people back. In DB it was used to allow Grandpa Gohan to fight Goku one last time despite the fact he'd been dead for ages at that point.
During the Buu saga, Goku was still dead from the Cell saga and had come back for a day (And used up that time already) when the whole shebang started. Old Kai gave Goku his life and the Potara earrings to fuse with Gohan...who was promptly absorbed before Vegeta managed to come back to life and gave us Vegito.
I still maintain to this day that NCZ has some of the best fighting animation I've seen. Not necessarily the techniques used and the like, but the way it all fits together? I've never seen someone watch a full proper fight in NCZ and not end up somewhat like if they were watching their favourite sport instead, IMO that Zero vs Fuhrer on the Ultrasaurus fight is the best fight in any Zoids series, although the Blade Liger/Geno Breaker vs Death Saurer is a close second even if the end of the fight is a bit similar to another well known anime fight.
My first anime too.

I remember when it started, the models had already been here for a few weeks and Mum got me a Shield Liger...7(?) year old me completely lost his shit when he saw his newest toy on TV.
I dunno, I feel like Leena could manage to give a Molga plenty of dakka.
I remember when I'd first gotten into Zoids, Mum grabbed me a cool looking toy and didn't know it was a model.

I completely lost my 7(?) year old shit when I heard Ryan and Jade say Zoids was coming to Cheez TV that next week and then seeing the *exact same zoid* that I had just built as the main character on the show! Still have that Shield Liger somewhere, albeit customised and somewhat broken. I was promptly obcessed and known as the Zoids kid in school.
As long as your penis isn't caught in the cat.
Ah, that's where you're wrong. Goku's life (As in, his current one) is actually given to him by Old Kai. Every other time it was the Dragonballs though.
Hopefully we can convince the entire party to go into hiding.
There's at least one active fork of it, and until an issue comes up I don't see a problem with continuing to use it given that I only use it for offline data.
In addition to the other posts it depends on where they focus it, too.

If you have some guys who have particularly rare wild zoids taking on an early Empire with early versions of more conventional zoids by the end of it, it'd be pretty cool.
I believe the Zoids have a basic memory which allows some learning and can cause zoids to go wild (eg. That Gordos was following the last instructions of its owner) with Organoids being vastly based around pure intelligence than sheer size or firepower (and being able to combine that with Zoids, Ultimate-X being an organoid permanently fused with a zoid) That satisfies most of the things I remember being said about how the related lore works while creating new stuff where necessary that isn't too wild. (Mainly Irvine's Command Wolf/Lightning Saix, the lore around Zoid Cores and Memories and finally the Ultimate-X stuff)

A lot of it isn't stated afaik, but that's true with Zoids in general. Most of what you get is hearsay or only paints a partial picture. (eg. They basically say what an Ultimate-X is and iirc, partially allude to the Liger Zero actually being the Shield Liger and Zeke along with the Beserk Fuhrer being the Geno Breaker and Shadow but it's never outright stated)
[Alien Weaponry](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lx_xGv70Yyo), they sing in Maori and it works really well with the music and they're just a good metal band.
That depends, in terms of modern social and technological disruption its distant but in terms of large scale effects and the long term of human history it's actually pretty short term.
The sign is found next to some ruined viking longships and is written in Old Norse.
Ever since P2W was implemented it's just been going downhill no matter how many times they rebalance the system.
I disagree with that last part. Crypto is already showing us our current power grids are too limited for the future and other necessary changes (eg. EVs) are going to only further highlight that. It'll take a long time to even reach type 1 fully but I expect us to start going faster and faster at an exponential rate, especially as the relationship between energy production and general productivity (even if actual humans can remain mostly idle due to automation) becomes more clear.

There's even the possibility that others like Musk come along to further technology in specific fields they find interesting, if one happened to do power generation and distribution then we could reach type I in a single generation theoretically. (We can move and learn very quickly but humanity as a whole has a lot of trouble remaining focused on one specific issue, but when we do we can move very quickly as shown by the Moon missions for example)
He ruled over the majority of civilisation but not all of it, the technology level wasn't quite there and there were large parts of the galaxy that remained relatively untouched afaik.

I'd say Star Wars was at best Type 2 starting to reach Type 3 level but not really there either.
Nah, that's pretty easy.

You just name it the sound its food tin makes when you open it.
I rarely have that much trouble (The few times it doesn't instantly connect, I turn the device on/off and reset Bluetooth on my phone) but even when it doesn't work, it's more annoying than the reliable 3.5mm option. Usually I only use Bluetooth when I lack any other option or the wireless part is a real boon. (eg. Car with no AUX port or the audio system at work, I also use my phone as a calculator among other things so its useful to have it on me rather than sitting next to the player)
The only thing I saw relating to it was a bunch of party hat Pikachu (Instead of Pokemon I *want* to catch) and shiny Dragonite in gyms.
Yup and while the Namekian dragonballs didn't have that limitation, they could only revive one person at once. (eg. I want to revive Piccolo, then Tien, Then Yamcha would work but not I want to resurrect the Z warriors who died to Nappa and Vegeta)
Fear the sack? I'd love to be sacked. Yeah, it'd be hard but it'd give me an excuse to longer have to deal with a shitty workplace.
Clearly you didn't grow up Catholic.
Same, I like minimalistic but pleasant to the eye and this fits the bill perfectly. Looks like something I'd build, actually.
Ultra satisfying!
I'm glad that I got both the game and Season Pass with Gift Cards I'd gotten for my birthday.
It takes a while for them to take on the new tech, they've probably got their internal Vulkan or DX12 builds working at the moment but haven't released the games on those engines yet. (Or even announced many of them)

Look at how 64bit proliferated; all the major engines added support for it and games were clearly going to benefit from it *and then* a couple of years later it started becoming commonplace once it was at release quality and the actual games built on those 64bit engines were finished.

FWIW I expect Vulkan to win out in the end but DX12 to have a few great franchises on it, lacking the older but still popular Windows versions is what sunk DX10 for the most part and the fact it works on the consoles along with mobile means that games that aren't pushing the limits performance wise are a much easier port, even if AAA goes DX12 for the most part Vulkan will have its own market.
The automation may be satisfying, but that floor  and roof offsets it for me.
> Difference in my example being that Mandarin doesn't push trolls off the sides of mountains.

Then you really need to work on your pronunciation.
Eh, while some of the deaths like that lost their meaning, they did use it fairly well with limitations and other things. It was only really an issue in the Buu arc (and obviously Super) but even then, we had absorbion until Vegito pulled everyone out.
My mainstay is MPC-HC for Windows but VLC for Linux and Android, it just works so well but I love that MPC-HC UI.
Say that to DBZ.
If the mother was eating super spicy stuff while pregnant then the kid is probably alright to eat some spicer things, actually.
And New Vegas itself is smaller than most small towns.

The map in game is much smaller than what it would be in real life, a lot of the things it omits are basically irrelevant to the story.
It's also vastly downscaled from what the real life version of it would be. It's entirely probable that he has a ranch somewhere in the game (Plenty of areas it could fit once enlarged) but because its irrelevant to any plot, it's not included and only mentioned.
Yeah, I'm not saying they're great...I have a lot of issues with the game, and bugs that have persisted for years.
I doubt TPC would specifically want it, but I doubt they'd be against it. This is still a cryptic hint, but more a QoL feature to make it easier to tell than having to go into a menu and tap through dialog.
The power use is an issue, but something that I think would be an issue regardless of crypto. We need to overhaul the powergrids either way (If everyone is meant to be going to EVs in the somewhat near future, that alone would require it for quite a few countries, not to even get into climate change) and I think the massive power use of crypto being so alarming is simply a symptom of a much bigger problem.

Cryptocurrency is designed to solve problems inherent in currency itself, as I mentioned it takes a lot of time to work out the kinks in a financial system...The fact is, if it's here to stay then it just means more revenue and income for GPU manufacturers, the issue with pricing lies in the uncertainty in crypto which is limiting production because no-one wants to end up like AMD did last time Crypto inflated prices with a massive stock-pile of unsold cards. The more crashes the demand survives and the longer it generally keeps going, the more production will ramp up in order to meet demand because at the end of the day both miners and gamers benefit from cheaper GPUs and if one company can keep their prices lower than the other while having good mining performance then you can bet that they'll sell more and therefore try to go for that.
Sign of a good game dev is when they embrace gameplay features the playerbase discovered and made into a meta-game thing.
Absolutely agreed on that, but it's a good example of how this can be used for bad and you just know some people won't look into the finer details of it.
Mining is light use for a GPU compared to gaming, though.

I mean it's not as light as just running the windows desktop, chrome and the occasional video but it's easier than the GPU regularly going from 0% to 99% (Which causes more thermal stress in the BGA connections) usually with no undervolting or underclocking applied. (Serious miners always do both as it can increase their efficiency. They lose a little bit of performance but use a lot less power.)

The main issue for mining is the fans, but even that's an easy fix. If they want to force miners onto mining cards, they need to put in BIOS limitations and actual PCB differences which limit simple flashing as a fix. Put an eFuse on the GPU and blow it on gaming models, have the GPU drivers detect that and limit mining on multiple cards or something. (You could still get around that with IOMMU but it increases your system management costs and possibly some performance due to multiple VMs)
Depends on when it crashes, honestly. If AMD and nVidia both dump/are months or weeks away from dumping their new cards, a lot of people would still hold off. They're actually switching nodes this time, so we'll get another jump in price/performance hopefully. (A lot of it is due to mining but I can't really gain that much performance if I buy a new GPU for the same price as my current HD7950 was when I bought it. Mining is a lot of that, but I've noticed over the years that the big jumps occur when a successful transition to a smaller process or much improved software architecture like DX10/Unified Shaders or Vulkan happen)
Kinda, kinda not. They'll have increased production but limit it to prevent the bottom from falling out, especially now that the recent crashes (And survival of crypto) have shown it has some resiliency.

They definitely have sold a lot more GPUs than they otherwise would have though, usually at this point in the lifecycle they're mainly producing GPUs for OEMs because most people either already have the latest series, don't plan to upgrade or are waiting the few months for the next cards to come out whereas right now, they're still sold out. (Don't expect any BNIB reviews of these cards way in the future, unlike the occasional old warehouse with a few retro pieces of hardware still sealed in the box)

I expect both nVidia and AMD to include mining as part of their customer base for the next gen GPUs and to do something to help alleviate prices in order to maximise both markets, because a lot of people who were otherwise going to upgrade this gen have held off because of the bad prices. Ideally they'd find a way to limit mining somehow (eg. eFuse on the GPU that is blown for gaming cards that the driver detects and limits mining on multiple GPUs in one PC or something) and have a separate channel for miners to buy cards en masse at a similar value to limit reasons to try and hack gaming GPUs into full mining cards, that way if mining proves to be a stable market that's here to stay then you can definitely expect actual mining orientated GPUs to be designed. (I actually expect AMD to kind of go this route with Navi and Infinity Fabric, design 2 mid-sized GPUs, one that's orientated around compute performance and one that's balanced for gaming performance, they can then put say, 4 of whatever configuration to fill their high-end lineup with both gaming, balanced and compute orientated cards, 2 for the mid-range lineup in a similar fashion and a single GPU on the low end cards along with disabling parts of the GPUs for X/nonX models. It'd be easy in future to optimise the compute GPU for mining as a third GPU and still less to worry about producing than a typical GPU lineup, especially due to the complete lack of massive chips.)
Stanford accomplished their goal though. They helped prove distributed computing as a concept (F@H was and still is pretty big, a lot of PC hardware enthusiast sites have at least had teams and competitions at one point or another) and instead of mere profit, they helped move science forward.

The trick is to make a cryptocoin that does something for science as part of its mining algorithm if that's even possible. (Could also be a good way to try and prevent ASICs)
Hey, paper money started out as simple IOU notes and crashed at least three of the largest (at the time) economies nearly to the point of bankruptcy. It took something like 250 years to go from the first official "paper currency" to modern bank notes that were stable enough to remain in use, even with technologies rapid progression these days (Which is much slower for PCs now than it was even 5 years ago in quite a number of areas, might I add) it would still take a while for crypto to really make the impact its trying to make. (And god knows how it will turn out)
They fought against it in the past but it seems like they're embracing it in recent games as it is a significant part of the games meta. (As in the main Handheld Pokemon games)
> But Type 1 in particular is super safe. Even if you are the most extreme vegan, organic-only, natural-food, type of person...

Nope, there's people against even that. Usually it's about dog breeding and the negatives of that but I could see it extending to this form of GMO foods even if anti-GMO people knew about it.
On the harder weeks he even has to go ass to mouth.
At least 5 years, 4 months and 24 days.
They have two guys in Moscow on shifts with the handcrank.
They're usually sold at festivals and gigs unfortunately. Picked up a decent Metallica one (Just the logo on the front and "Australia 2013" on the back) for really cheap at the end of Soundwave 2013, though. 
They went through therapy for the conversion to 3D and have since become a hippie.
Someone needs to start an open source Tony Hawks PS2 era engine or something. Allow importing levels and assets from any of that era so you can play them all and have new features, more modern graphics and better support for modern technology. 
I have a kind of theory that the Chinese are happily exporting young people to other countries in order to have a population that their government theoretically has some more influence over that represents a significant voting demographic in Democratic countries. 

Either that or it's cause all the unis here pander to foreign students because they pay much more in fees.
Fixed wireless isn't bad, the only real issue is that it's limited to ADSL2 speeds and that your maximum speeds can change quite rapidly versus other tech. (eg. Mate's family is on it and their DL speed will be anywhere from 2.2MByte/s to 3MByte/s on a single download, but he was easily able to game on it while the FetchTV box was streaming over it too without lag.)
I firmly expect legal action on this in the future and the possibility of stripping Malcolm of the PM Pension and fining him, possibly Abbott with the fine at least too. It's just too blatant of a fuck over.
Usually you get a few days leeway, actually. I think it's so if you send it on the due date and it takes a couple days to process, it won't matter.

Source: Am Apprentice.
Seriously? Most people either smoke it or don't give a shit either way. We also have Rainbow Serpent among other things that are signs of the massive stoner culture in Australia.

There's just not as pro-pot coverage in Australia yet, but since American states started legalising there's been more discussion about it. I expect it to be legal within 10, maybe 20 years.
Only one way to find out, any volunteers? 
Even if not, just send the normal payment around the billing date. You might not get anything back but that's a good sign in this case.
I have a feeling someone is going to make this happen once every so often with a high ranking government official.
That's just how Aussie's say it honestly.

American's drop random u's, we should start dropping random r's.
And Coles, although they have far fewer.
Worst comes to worst, find a local corner shop that sells most essentials and a decent fruit/veg shop. Might pay more but you'll get everything you need then, and the limitations might actually lead to improvements in your diet. Not sure about the capitals but the rural areas usually have a fair few because plenty of people do their shopping just like that in those areas. (Typically people who dislike big business)
Fucking Konami.
Here's an idea.

Tax the shit out of gambling. Not actually being a pokies user/addict, but owning machines. Specific numbers of machines bump your tax up by x. Sure, you can have 100 machines in your pub, but you're going to get taxed *hard*.
Nah man, that's normal fast and furious for the French releases. 
Well, no. But only because it was 1993 and the ship had already well and truly sailed on racism whereas homosexuality was still contentious. 

If he said it about another minority around the time they weren't really considered oppressed/were cared about, the end result would be the same. There's plenty of people who were racist, sexist, homophobic or what have you well into adulthood but have since turned over a new leaf, some even well and truly into their elderly years. (eg. My Grandmother never got homosexuality when she was an adult and even after retirement but was all for SSM whenever we spoke about it in the past decade because it eventually clicked that it really doesn't effect her and personal rights are more important than not wanting to accept change.)
Balance the races. Give humans more unlocks/transformations for example, even if it's a blatant thing with Supreme Kai basically saying you have no hope against the higher powered enemies even with your massive power level and giving you Mystic form or something. (Ultra Instinct and GoD would also be race agnostic) Also add in Androids as a new race with energy shields for defence (And unique attacks that utilise it) along with Bulma working on temporary power boosts or enhancements that can be applied mid-battle, maybe even allow any of the Androids styles to be a possibility visual wise. (So you could even make a Cell style character that way)

It'd be cool to have a branching storyline too, for example you could join Mira and have the story follow that, have battles against TP CCs/imported CCs along with the Z fighters, or you could do the normal TP route or some third option possibly involving some other characters introduced in Super. (As much as I'd hate it personally, maybe have Brianne de Chateau get involved somehow.)

Maybe "GoD form" would be part of a series of techniques Whis has started teaching people in order to find prospective replacement GoDs should Beerus retire, so you can learn Hakai and the Hakai shield thing Toppo used among other things. That said, I doubt we'd see all of this unless they put a *lot* of work into it.
Krillin too, he's always there for a mate in any way he can help but he still spends most of his time with his family or providing for them. I've kinda gotten the vibe that post Namek, training was a hobby for him unless there was some reason to be following a proper training schedule. (eg. Androids)

He also has a fair few flaws but is generally just a good guy.
I actually like the whole concept of Time Patrol in XV/Heroes although the execution leaves a bit to be desired, IMO. They should have done something similar with him in Super when his universe was erased, have Whis say he technically has to be punished for his time travel...But maybe he can work it off by doing some kind of enforcement or messaging job for the gods. (That way he's not in the show and has a ready made excuse to not be involved with any fights, but can make appearances or the like too. It'd be cool to have had him training with Gohan and Piccolo before the Universal Tournament, for example.)

Something else that would be cool also could be a one off that details Trunks dealing with the Buu issue and how that unfolded. Actually show everything and have a good fight scene with Dabura. (Who is also a sword user, might I add)
Also why we don't have spectators. Imagine if that happened and Chichi saw it.
Australia's PM Malcolm Trumble was reported as saying "Fucking hell, now we have to pay to maintain it too?!"
"Building the ISS on the ISS. AMA"
Nothing. The particular software and versions of said software on Solus just is more compatible with what /u/truefakts wants to use Wine for.

I've had zero issues with Skyrim on wine under arch, although I haven't tried it in a while.
\*Canaries intensify*
Have you been to Australia? It's huge. The uninhabited area of Tasmania is accordingly huge, even with thousands of people it's a large area to search, there's zero support from civilisation which makes it harder and...well, not that many people care a whole heap. Most Aussies think a few are around but they keep to themselves. (Wouldn't be surprised if they are extinct but it took a few decades longer than we thought)

And yeah...That area of Tasmania is extremely thick bushland. A Tasmanian Tiger could get around there pretty well because they're designed to, a modern human would have a lot of issues, make a lot of noise and probably scare the tigers off given they were reported to be somewhat shy I believe. Edit: They're also nocturnal iirc, so there's that too. Lot of reasons as to why they'd be harder to find than a dingo or something similar.
To extinction, some say. He came to finish the job his grandfather started.
Dude, don't be a dick. The joke's gotten old.

[Here's a *real* picture of a butthole](https://i.imgur.com/DtuO9uZ.png)
They also make fairly good seats, too.
Space Australia, mate. Sent the space convicts there.
I met my best mate because he wore a Metallica shirt to a course we were both doing and I went up to him, said "Nice shirt, man" and we talked shit about metal for the next 3 hours instead of working.
You were the chosen one! You were meant to prevent bits from flipping, not flip them!
It's not a bitflip that Windows users would teach you.
They just sigh, say "You don't think we have to deal this once a week?" as security kicks you out.
Also known as Karen's second but not final form.
Honestly considering what earthquake proofing a building comes down to, you were probably safer than anyone around you.
Correct me if I'm wrong, didn't see practically see the Labor party in QLD reinvent itself as a direct result of that?
Really? I'd fucking love to earn half of that as my weekly wage.

Full time employee, too.

That's the thing about averages, if Gina Rhinehart bumps her pay up enough it still can go up by 816% while her employees might actually be making *less*. They don't take into account any potential outliers.
Tattoo is of Mr. Joyce's Joymaker. On the inside of your eyelids.
Maybe if you suck enough dick.
The entire point behind preferential voting is that even then, it still makes a difference.

Yeah, LNP/Labor probably would still get in but if they noticed some ridiculous number like 30% of their votes came from directly from preferences flowing in from the greens, they're more likely to take on greens ideas to try and win those voters back. (For example, replace the specific political parties with any others.)
And your wage has gone from $25/hr to $25.50/hour in the same time frame.
> The Aunt Marge thing is slightly more believable, but 13-year olds have odd senses of humor and I think this is the kind of thing most people would laugh at if given enough hindsight.

Fuck, if my best mate came up to me and told me he'd inflated his aunt in a way that made it pretty obvious he wasn't fond of her, I'd be laughing too.
That's a very old game.

It's more that the consoles simply aren't as fast versus PCs as they once were...When the Xbox 360 came out, it was genuinely faster than anything with a single graphics card PC wise until the 8800s came out shortly afterwards while the Xbox One *and* PS4 were already outstripped before they were even announced by my decidedly mid-range desktop. As a result, there's fewer games that actually push hardware on PC because PC is simply so much faster.
Bullshit. I'm running it on a i7 3770k with a HD7950 @ 1080p, medium-high with the distances cranked right up. (I'd rather lose visual detail if I can see the cunt that's trying to kill me a lot earlier)

Sitting around 50-55fps all the time with a few dips around 45ish or so. If your FPS is really stuttery, maybe try some faster RAM as while my CPU sits around 30-70% in game I did gain around 5fps from bumping my RAMs speed from 1866Mhz to 2200Mhz.
Kinda. They were actually one of the earlier companies to have a 64bit engine on a retail game, as far as I know.

The issue is that Bethesda is and always has been lazy, so they don't add as much as other companies or put as much effort into QA which really shows at this point.
True, all I ever hear when a new CoD releases is "Man, i wish they'd update the engine! This one's just updated idtech2!!!"
Not really, there's plenty of good examples where engines have kept on going, been forked, etc. Hell, KCD is running on the 15 year old CryEngine.

Bad code, on the other hand, is bad code. Bethesda don't bother putting a lot of effort into their releases which includes QA and the like. The transition from Skyrim to FO4 was probably the biggest yet they've made with the engine now it's 64bit and actually DX11 just in time for Vulkan and DX12.
By your standard, KCD runs on an engine from 15 years ago. The first version of CryEngine was an nVidia tech demo in May 2002.
Wait, what was the OG plans for Dragonborn?
Every engine is an old ass bodge with features bolted on wherever they fit.

The thing is, even the best engine in the world would still have more visible bugs in an Open World game (Hell, KCD is CryEngine and it's just as buggy as TES or FO on launch) and probably as many issues because it's a control and scope related issue more than anything. The physics is meant to do a hell of a lot more than run a vehicle down a linear path or along a corridor where the dev knows you'll be in a vehicle and can design it to make vehicle physics easier, while an open world game means you're possibly doing all sorts of things the developer never thought of. Even with the sheer amount of items usually in an open world game versus other games, or quests/writing...It makes sense that there's issues here and there.

Don't get me wrong, Creation isn't great, but there's nothing really better for open world games (At least until recently. I remember hearing about Cryengine getting some more open worldy features for version 3 and KCD shows it off nicely) and most of the issues wouldn't go away with an engine replacement. (If you want some kind of evidence, look at Morrowind. Most of the included bug fixes in OpenMW, as far as I could tell, seem to basically directly replace badly written scripting or take into account incorrect texture placement and the like. Even something like bugs where triggering specific events in the right order locks further progress isn't an engine bug so much as writing not taking into account that eventuality)
Really? I owned two along with two bows pretty quickly. Then again, I didn't find the combat that difficult and took out those bandits on the way back to Skalitz. (I had full Talmberg armour and weapons. They also never thought to take them back after I finished up in Skalitz, so that was nice)

I mean, I still haven't worked out the bows but I can hold my own against the average bandit and win with few hits to my health. 
Nope, we banned autos and semi-autos completely and added licensing and restrictions.
I get it every single time I start the game.
Don't worry, I saw it too: 
When I was a night janitor, the manager and I would fry up an entire bag of McBites and watch the NASCAR before the store opened once I'd finished cleaning the interiors.
There you go. Less than I thought, then again I work in a fairly rural area so it makes sense a lot of people own guns there.
The funny thing about that is Howard is someone who is completely against guns, yet it didn't really go any further here in how many years? Even after another (Much more minor) shooting.
That was the amount collected, most guns are out in the country for pest control and never were semi or fully auto. I'd wager the amount of guns in the country is far larger than that and probably somewhat proportional to the amount of people here vs America.
There's surprisingly few. Most people just want increased regulation but are on the defence by default the second guns are mentioned because they're so used to hearing "BUT MY SECOND AMENDMENT!" repeated verbatim.
It was also great to see one of the Chaser boys try to hug him while holding a running chainsaw.

That said, we got ninja-bush from the shoe throwing incident.
Or mention it, something along the lines of "I was recommended by my security staff to wear a bullet-proof vest to this event, but I feel that we can all see the need for these changes" would fit fairly well.
Yeah, but his head is always behind the cover of those eyebrows. Hard to aim for its actual position.
> Labor were in charge during the lions share of the mining boom and did literally nothing tangible with the extra funds.

...What? That would mean the mining boom had to occur pre-80s because both Keating and Hawke are regarded as some of the best PMs we've had who did major reforms for Australia as a whole, even by LNP supporters.
[650k guns yet we collected more than 1 million? Which was also replaced entirely with new purchases by 2013?](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2013-01-14/australians-own-as-many-guns-as-in-1996/4463150)
But still no balls.
Different poster.

I distinctly remember that we sold off a bunch of gold for lower than the then market value with most experts saying gold was going to go way *up* in value, but they ignored it and sold it below cost anyway. (If we still had it, it'd be worth something like 8x as much now as what we ended up with it iirc)
Sold off too many government entities during a high. Means there's more issues raising money now the economy is a lot slower.

Lot of other mismanagement issues, but nothing I can really think of is as stand-out bad as the modern LNP and completely against public opinion. At the time, a lot of people still thought selling state assets was beneficial to us...Now most of us know better and are dead set against it. (Anyone who didn't live in a capital when ADSL was being rolled out could attest to that)
I think they'll get it eventually. Most of the pro-guns people seem to think that the gun control supporters want guns completely banned, but they just want increased controls on purchasing and storage.
Funnily enough it's the opposite in Victoria.

The real issue then is that you have to wait way longer to get on because they're so disorganised.
It's the compe and ya can't stop me, when we're joining forces with the scroller-bar ton-aay.
I hope for a return to simple, unbranded deserts.

Android Profiterole, for example.
I miss seeing what this weeks amazing segue was when the Chaser was around.
Agreed. I expect Bitcoin and a few other major ones to stabilise enough to be used within a few decades. People forget finance moves very slow by normal standards...It took I believe 2 centuries of trying to bring in notes and we had to start them out as effectively IOU letters.
With the dyed black fringe over one eye and My Magical Romance blasting throughout the whole Slytherin common room
and 3 to fondle the balls.
I'm fairly certain you can just buy normal rechargables and peel the labels off, but you might wanna google it first to be safe.
Is it? I thought the same and was glad when a few tech orientated stores around my area started accepting bitcoin but they've all since stopped because the value changes are too wild. (eg. They sell a $4000 order for a high-end system which is paid with bitcoin, it jumps up from say, $700 per coin to $1400 and they effectively sold that system for $2000 instead, or a massive loss.)
I could see kids making do with two bases and changing the rules to suit. That's the point, it's still not the same as real baseball and probably not as fun and we're kinda being forced to deal with that. I mean, if we *can* get all regionals through events that'd be cool, but I'd prefer it if they kept it as a gameplay mechanic (Have wild spawns only in the specific regions) but even just allow raids or egg hatches for those Pokemon in other areas. They'd still be pretty rare and it eliminates the whole bit where you're kinda expected to pay thousands in airline fees if you want to "complete" the game.
Actually, it always is. RAM is still faster than a HDD to load this data from if you intelligently preload it. If you have way too little vRAM, it stutters and really shows but even an 8GB card gets some normal RAM as shared memory even if it doesn't touch it most of the time.

Personally, I have 16GB RAM and a 3GB HD7950, it reports the 3GB as dedicated GPU memory and another 7.9GB as shared GPU memory. Kingdom Come: Deliverance for example, runs my GPU at max but my CPU usually around 30-70% with decent core scaling with 2.5GB/3GB vRAM usage and 0.4GB shared memory usage and gained around 5-7fps average from overclocking my system RAM to 2200Mhz from 1866Mhz. I doubt that's the only reason it gained that, but it'd probably be one of them. 
Yes, but you're actually always using RAM as a cache and for some items even when you have enough vRAM for any specific title. It's not usually much, but it's there and it makes a difference. (eg. Kingdom Come on my HD7950 uses 2.5GB/3GB of the dedicated GPU memory and 0.4/7.9GB of the shared GPU memory, I also gained about 5-7fps on average from clocking my DDR3 up from 1866Mhz to 2200Mhz despite being GPU bottlenecked)
I'd say leave the former for /r/kernel, it already does it fairly well. /r/linux should be much more general.
The only better use of "What Could Possibly Go Wrong?" as an achievement would probably be something relating to Top Gear. (Maybe settle the Falkland Islands as England on the TSL Earth map?)
Depends on how far AMD goes with AM4, too. There could be far faster CPUs in future, or you could have an upgrade path. (eg. Buy an AM4+ motherboard, reuse your RAM and CPU and get the highest end CPU later down the track. That's very close to what I did with Phenom II although I used the same CPU and upgraded my motherboard and RAM)
I fully expect them to bring that into the game at some point. We're not at version 1 yet, I honestly think there's a lot that's being added still but they're not really calling it early access.
Aaaand it's Charmander.
Half the point of the game is "Catching them all" so yes, that analogy is fairly apt.

I know I'm not the only player that would prefer not to bother with raids and the like, heck, I usually don't and just am okay with no real chance of a legendary.
This. Even if they make them regional in the wild, *at the absolute minimum* let me potentially hatch one.

Porygon isn't common where I live anymore and hatching one today made me feel ridiculously happy even though my only real shot at a Porygon^2 is rare candy.
And this was a case when the actual facts and experience mattered more than the opinions of some guys with university degrees in Melbourne who don't live here and don't see it all first hand. I get the education matters, but education isn't the be all, end all of intellect.

Even just that bike path they wanted...What a god damn waste. I say that as a cyclist.
It's also kinda shitty to know I'll never fill up my Pokedex unless they bring trading in eventually. Half of those places I..well, quite frankly don't want to go to or plan to well and truly after PoGo will be finished.
I live in the outer surburbs of a smaller city and while I have a nest on my house, I have no Pokestops within walking distance after 2 semi-close ones were removed for some reason. (nevermind the ones that highlight things that have been removed, repainted or replaced entirely and are still there or the large but still newish Mall within walking distance of my house..)
Nintendo is a weird company. They used to go after Lets Plays as that apparently hurt them too.

Nevermind the amount of people who weren't into Nintendo games until they saw gameplay...
Baby don't hurt me
Partially wrong. Depending on how the game loads textures in and how much vRAM you have vs your settings, your GPU may be using system RAM as a cache which means that having faster RAM would make a larger difference. (Still not 25% though)
Depends on how long they stick that system out. 24GB RAM would last longer than 16GB before you run into bottlenecks from the memory.

I had 192MB of RAM (128MB stick + 64MB stick) in my first system, no different from just putting the 128MB stick in for what I did at the time. When I upgraded that system and it was running XP on a 150Mhz CPU however, that extra 64MB was a godsend.
Bronwyn Bishop.
We don't care *what* they're doing, we just want to know where they're travelling to, how long they're there for and how they got there. Completely different, not an invasion of privacy.
And that's why I refuse to use the cloud, it has very few benefits but a whole lotta drawbacks.

MP3s + $20 MP3 player from eBay + SDcard would likely have you set for years.
Plenty of BT enabled devices that aren't phones.

Might also have AUX, SDCard or even USB? I picked up a cheap small 16GB USB when I got my car and just use it for music.
Yeah we just got FTTP here, like fuck I'm not spending my afterlife on reddit
"Stop the Synths"
I *am* your grandfather.

Tell ya mum I said hi.
We're the employers, but we're barred from entering the business part of the business, only get to see some information about it and repeatedly see employees using the business dime for personal expenses.

And the employees keep trying to expand into areas you've asked them not to along with all of that...
I hate it with David Koch headbutts my thumb.
I'm reasonably sure Sunrise hires an intern to wax and shine his head between shots.
He's a gen0.5 synth, still ethanol powered.
I still love the headbutt guy.

"So, was this a statement about same sex marriage?"

"Nah, I'd had a few to drink, saw Tony Abbott and thought I'd always wanted to hit him"
"I already did when I banged your grandmother, she was also bush as far as the eye could see"
Preferably not at all. Fuck onions and cutting them.
I want to see more of this stuff publicly. I mean, one of our greatest PMs is Bob Hawke and he's probably most known for how fast he can drink a beer these days.

I thought it was great when Rudd went to the strippers, the man deserves a night off every once in a while.
I would like to confirm that Anthony Albanese, the elbow, the albatross did not fingerbang the Honorable Member for Mackellar. He claims to have fingered Bronwyn Bishop, I happen to be a good friend of the honorable member for Mackellar and I can say that he never fingered her, he only pashed her. Like twice.
That's better than if it was Abbott.

"Uh...Tony, you're not saying anything"


*Grunts* 

"I've...uh...given you the response you deserve"
Are they the same experts who thought building yet another school on Main Rd was a good idea and wondered why the already bad congestion got even worse? 

The same ones who consistently ignored the potential uses and community want for the Civic Hall and instead showed off a design that could only be described as an oversized Tonka truck?

Seriously. They listed things I mentioned and gave some reasons why they'd be a bad idea, but ignored a lot of the benefits and missed a lot of the potential ways a proper system like that could be used, or that it's *far* better for the long term because otherwise we'd be changing this system again in 3 decades as opposed to extending the system over time and having it last much longer. This system just causes as many issues as it solves with plenty of better options around. Others have said the options, I've given some. You've gotta work with the people too, because you get a better indication of how people would use it. The bike lanes do need improving but Sturt St is (as I said) already one of the better areas, there's plenty of other areas that need improvement first. (Even next to Sturt St, there's more than a few areas that need looking at)
Yeah he has no idea what he's on about, Yajirobe has long flowing locks of hair. 
Botamo is clearly furry as hell, I think he meant Roshi 
That's actually how he self destructed against Nappa. He only wanted to shoot a big ki blast close range but Nappa's attacks ripped his hair out. 
I hope this doesn't become a pun train, they're always so *rivet*ing
I have. They're not great, they make many assumptions about Ballarat traffic that simply aren't true and they'll reduce the ability to entirely avoid problem intersections with some creativity along with parking. (Something we need more, not less of in Ballarat unless they decide to get public transport going) 

Same with the bike lane... As someone who was regularly cycling, that's one of the most unnecessary changes to bike lanes in Ballarat, they're really not in need of improvement on Sturt St. What about the areas Doveton St where you literally have 30cm of bike lane before a rough transition to gravel along a road that massive trucks go along? It's little wonder that the police don't care if you ride on the side walk.

If they were smart, they'd have finally decided on bringing back trams at least up and down Sturt St. At least that's attempting to deal with the average public transport in Ballarat...I still think that removing the rail line to the stock yards was a bad idea for that purpose, especially since the only land that's been used is one residential area and a gold course... 
They have for years, I've got a 2009 RR3 that's wonderfully built. I specifically got that because I knew despite the name (and being more suitable for metal than your typical Fender) it had a quality name behind the production line.
They're just big on diets.
Melbourne is great for tourists, you can download the PTV app and see where the trams are which is completely free in the CBD. It's just crowded but not much that you can do about that.
There's plenty of options that give employment elsewhere. I'm finishing up my baking apprenticeship and I'd be able to find work in fucking Coober Pedy if I really wanted to because of that.

I'm choosing to live about an hours drive away from Melbourne, you get the benefits of the city but also the country and jobs are plentiful if you're in the right industry. Might even commute to Melbourne in future.
Victorian here.

Lot of people here seem to be moving to Queensland for the weather and the like, might incite change from within hopefully.
They could also have him reveal at the end when he's being interrogated that the whole coward thing is, was and nearly always has been an act to make others underestimate him. Quirrell did just as much.

Was cowardly as a child, was determined to become brave and conquered his fears on his own but not before noticing how easy it was to get others to take pity on him, so he kept the act up.
I haven't followed MSI motherboards for years now. Looks like they haven't really improved from the reliability issues that started happening around the late socket-775 era.
Bloody Intel, holding back the 2400 core CPUs.
Let them. A dual core at the reported clock speeds with a 15w TDP would make great fodder against a LP edition of Ryzen with 4 cores, 8 threads at a similar clock speed. 10nm looks like a bust with 10+ being the first realistically usable node.
One time I asked mum if it sounded like I'd actually brushed my teeth. Didn't work out too well for me. 
We have. Casual users haven't and the needs of a high-end router are more than met by this chip. (I have a highend router and it's CPU is pretty much the same as that in a Galaxy S 2, according to top it's also rarely close to full load on either core.
And a new PSU.

14nm++++ requires a PSU that contains an Intel PME (Power Management Engine) onboard to supply the necessary 11.5v for the system.
For reference, if Intel built an Athlon XP Barton (Late gen single core with 512k L2 cache) they could theoretically fit the entire CPU core in around half a mm^2. That's insane considering that at 130nm in 2003 or so, it was 101 mm^2.
Eh, it's getting tougher to make new nodes. Small pipecleaner products like that or the HD4770 for 40nm are something I expect to see more of in future.

That said I can't really think of many markets for it...
In addition to that, wouldn't larger caches provide a benefit to multi-tasking? There's probably less need for the CPU to move data from the L1 to the L2 cache when a task isn't currently active and back again when it is which means less things that need to be done and the required data is able to be accessed much more quickly.

I just remember the K6-IIIs that had three levels of cache at a time when even L2 cache was still somewhat new and usually external to the CPU die itself, it added an L2 cache on-die and used the normal motherboard mounted cache as L3 cache which made it much more competitive for general usage for years after similar cores (eg. K6-2) were considered completely outdated.
Yeah, you'd just pass one controller/dongle through to one VM and one to the other. The cool thing is because SDV is so light on system resources, you could get away with running quite a few instances on a decent system. I mean the right setup can allow 10 people to play something like CSGO at once on one system...

(Actually looking into doing something similar in future so I can simplify my networking and have a couple of gaming HTPCs more cheaply, as it just requires additional storage space and a GPU rather than an entire system. I'd also be able to do some quick software reconfig to allow for something like this, too.)
Eggs with flame designs on the side.
Honestly, i don't believe they would. GoDs are different to Kais and Angels. They're (IMO) Mortals who have undergone training to firstly attain and secondly properly utilise God Ki who then go some form of ritual to become the GoD. My headcanon is that Toppo activated the first part and that Belmod (if he was allowed on the combat field) could have activated the second part but would have lost at least his godhood if not his life as a result, but the GoD specific stuff are skills taught to potential GoDs by the Angels and current GoDs with how quickly they learn and adapt to the new skills being the basis for how far they go and whether they eventually become gods, but I don't think GoDs get a godly soul, just immortality as part of the ritual and god ki as part of the training. 

I expect the probable end game for Vegeta is to be the new U7 GoD with Goku being some form of universal enforcer for the GP and Zeno to try and get universes in line rather than Zeno just erasing them or something along those lines. (Basically, he goes around and tells the gods to do their job and if necessary, beats them up until they do pretty much.)
There's also somewhere they can still go with UI.

Kaioken. UI is about maximising your usage of your body to what it can do, but Kaioken is about temporarily extending those limits. It seems like they'd compliment each other nicely. (eg. KKx20 actually means an immediate 20x increase in power *and* skill)

It's also arguably base form with an augment rather than a real transformation, so there's no reason that they can't allow Goku to go KK while in UI later down the track. 
"Did...did you just hold a grudge?"
He won't still have mastered it, but there's a point after first unlocking it that the user can go into it with ease. I believe Goku practically mentioned as such about plain jane SSJ while training Gohan into the form but the training required for them to reliably be able to remain in the form was off screen and FPSSJ was a continuation of that.

I thought it's pretty much established that both Goku and Vegeta have power rivalling but not surpassing that of the Gods, but because the Gods are...well, Gods they have skills that the Sayians can't hope to compare to which leads to a massive "power" gap. This is probably one of those abilities that a God knows and one of the ones that is harder to achieve. (Especially because a God isn't likely to be put under *that* much pressure, they have to achieve it through normal training)
I liked this. I see the complaints about it pretty much being Jiren beating up Vegeta, but it has the potential to lead into a big character development for Jiren later down the track (Seeing just how far Vegeta went by having something to fight for) if he appears later and felt like a slight callback to Cell basically mentally torturing Gohan in order to incite SSJ2.
Cocky is the wrong word, he takes his strength for granted as an ability to end the fight on his terms no matter what and underestimates his enemies abilities to find a way out of the situation. Loses his head which is his biggest advantage.

That's why he wanted to make Cell pay, because it was satisfying to do so while ridiculously angry, but if he'd been using his brain he'd have taken him out as quickly as possible. (Not that Goku doesn't do the exact same thing)
The entire first disc is great, the second disc is alright with the exception of [Spit Out The Bone](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JXTzr358o_0) which is bloody great.

I also quite like the deluxe editions third disc, its just a bunch of live stuff and the final version of Heroes of Summer but the performances are tight and there's a few tracks you don't often see them play.
I just started cultivating a hippy/metalhead look. Save a tonne on haircuts and shaving if you don't do either.
Thank god the wankery over having long songs has mostly finished these days. I've noticed a lot of older albums had long for the sake of being long songs but more modern ones tend to have short or long depending on what the songs need.

(Except St. Anger. One of its biggest issues is that all the songs can nearly be halved in length and end up better as a result)
Hardwired is also a good example, or at least a few of the songs on it are.
Or cover the energy blasts in barriers of their own so that they actually surround and start squeezing an opponent (Kinda like Buu's absorbion in a way) before actually exploding to ensure all of the blast is hitting the enemy.
Because SSJ3 Goku was actually fairly stronger than Kid Buu.

The main reason they had so much trouble with him was because Goku had exhausted himself against the even stronger Super Buu, Kid Buu was completely unpredictable in how he attacked and his near-limitless stamina and regeneration. Rildo being as strong as Kid Buu means that Goku had regained a fair amount of his strength after losing a lot of it as a direct result of being a kid again, but base Goku after the SSG ritual was head and shoulders above anything shown in Z already because of that massive powerup. 

Finally, power level doesn't equate to skill. If Buu Saga Gohan and Goku went head to head, Goku would likely win despite being somewhat weaker because of his superior skill. Also, Goku had been fighting as an Super Sayian versus Rildo, not base form and took him out in base form after that with Pan and Trunks. Rildo also was holding onto their spaceship and couldn't exactly block the attack with his arms easily. 
As /u/CelioHogane mentioned, GT Goku was weak as balls compared to Z Goku. iirc SSJ4 is meant to be much stronger than SSJ3 but without the fatigue problems it has. 

I'd wager that assuming equal base strength, SSB and SSJ4 would honestly be fairly comparable but SSBKx20, LBP Vegeta and UI would win against SSJ4.
Butt Ass Blue is the best shade of blue
I'd have loved for #17 and Piccolo to fight together. Maybe have Piccolo start a Hellzone Grenade on someone and #17 say "I remember this attack" and enhance it with his abilities somehow using his prior knowledge. That'd be pretty cool.
Gohan typically gets cocky when he has a massive powerup and outstrips pretty much everyone else around. Both times (SSJ2 and Mystic) he was easily above Goku or Vegeta in pure power.

He hasn't really had that in Super, he was either vastly weaker than his peak or still somewhat under Goku and Vegeta at their peak. It makes sense that he's less cocky especially after his humiliation during the RoF arc. (If we get further content and Gohan gets a large power boost of some description  and he rivals his father I'd expect the cocky attitude to come right back immediately)
I'd say he's grown the whole time, but obviously has different priorities which was established from the start of Z.

He's not a fighter, he'll gladly step up to the mantle when required and help defend Earth because he's good at heart, but when it comes down to it, he prefers reading a book or writing a paper or something else scholarly to training and fighting. We just see the DB world when there's a crisis going on and while Gohan's youth had attack after attack happening and little down-time for him to start to lose focus on training (Due to a lack of any real goal) which meant he kept training and growing in strength, but his power drops make sense and IMO were written fairly well, the Buu saga followed 7 years of peace during some of the most trying school years a kid/teen has so it makes sense that he barely kept up his training there, and while he did well against Buu he probably was still rusty in terms of *how* he fought but was able to start to win through sheer brute force, didn't keep up training afterwards (especially as Goku was back alive) and realized how far he fell after fighting Freeza.

Gohan turned from a quiet, shy boy who wanted to learn into an adult that could let his talent and arrogance get the better of him with an intellect beyond his years (He was made team leader of U7 specifically because of that) but who is still young and makes youthful mistakes (eg. Forgetting to train when there's little visible need to) along with the strong ties to family he's developed over the years. Even watching Gohan change Piccolo during the sayian saga was great, they gained a lot of each others traits and compliment each other very well. (Both of them being relatively strong fighters who rely on their intellect more than anything else in a fight, Piccolo gained a more patient, protective and caring nature because Gohan inspired those traits in him while Piccolo helped Gohan gain confidence in himself and to use his brain while fighting someone)
Tien.

Most of the characters you listed only sporadically appeared so there's actually the potential that they're doing some awesome things right now or other good reasons to explain why they're quiet now. (eg. Imagine what hijinks Goten and Trunks are getting up to while stopping poachers during the ToP arc that we haven't seen, Videl could still be training and the like off screen like Gohan has been but not doing Great Saiyaman 2 or fighting stuff while Pan is really young, etc)

But Tien? He was there for the whole ToP, got a very disappointing highlight and otherwise did..well, nothing. He went from knowingly taking on enemies much tougher than he is to some degree of success (eg. Semi-Perfect Cell *and* Buu) and was pivotal in both instances. (I believe Buu even regarded him as a legendary fighter) yet in Super, he had a worse going than Roshi *and* Krillin...If nothing else, they should have given him some KOs for the trash-tier fighters that were knocked out fairly on, maybe have him and Roshi work together to take someone else out. That'd be awesome and could give an opportunity to recall DB in another way. (Have Roshi note that fighting with Tien brings back fond memories of when he was still friends with Crane Hermit or something)
If you're only doing fairly simple, casual work then there's usually few breakages and the ones that occur don't make the file completely unreadable, just different to MS Office (And not necessarily worse, either) along with the ever present option to export as PDF.

Most places that require you to upload documents also accept pdf specifically because it's a common format that is known to be fairly stable and consistent regardless of what device you make the original document on. It's pretty much there for this very reason.
And also a doc world which features much better support in OO/LO. 

And honestly, I've found most formatting issues to be tiny and easily ignored with the stuff I do. I'm sure as you get more complex documents (I keep it *very* simple. Probably could just use Wordpad with 2-3 extra features and rtf or similar, honestly) it breaks more often but that's moot to me anyway; anywhere that I need to upload something to and make sure it's perfect usually accepts PDF specifically because it's a universal format that doesn't tend to break. I say let MS keep breaking docx and the open source devs try to maintain support because it's mainly hurting MS' rep at this point.
Arch user here.

Thought I'd drop in just to tell you all that I use Arch.
More that it was optimised like shit and made to look very good regardless.

Plenty of user mods had the game looking *and* running better.
Butterflies jamming up your GPUs.
Worked for me, from what I remember it's cancelled out by the "Bad B.O" debuff.
It comes down to the control of the standards, if they update the standard often enough to include popular/useful extensions and other new ideas it often ends up being the dominant thing but otherwise vendor specific ones often end up take over.
Then I know he's there before he opens the door because I'm standing to the side of it so it covers me, not standing behind it waiting for him to open it and slam it into my face before shooting me or something.

He's probably going to be looking where he'd expect students to be hiding out (ie. under desks, behind tables, etc) first and foremost.
I've been saying for a while now that there's no such thing as a year of Linux but that in the future, 2010-2020 will likely be considered the decade of Linux. (Maybe 2020-2030 depending on what ends up happening)
No, but when they're already 10cm tall with the camera on one side you can generally hold them on the bottom and just peak the camera over the edge of cover. No need to expose any part of your body to know what's going on then.
No, but most have working arms and smartphones with screens big enough that they could easily be holding the phone above cover while they remain under cover. Open the camera so you can see what's happening without having to remove your eyes and top of your head from cover, may as well record too.
I'd stand behind the door, so that when/if it opens, it opens towards me and covers me.

Shooter moves into the room, he has no idea I'm pretty much standing right behind him with a shit tonne of adrenaline. (And if it was anything like my high school, at least one person in the classroom would have a knife or something sharp enough to do some damage.)


Personally, I'd take those odds if winning meant saving a fair few lives.
Former classmates, maybe? Or people who knew him when he was at the school?
Okay, how do you fix those issues?

And is it just easier to put in stricter gun laws? Australia had one bad shooting, we put in strict gun laws that still allow farmers quite a lot of freedom and recreational shooters don't seem to dislike the laws that badly around here. Since then, we've had one major shooting and there's a lot of evidence that the guy who did it was doing it for ISIS. (ie. Guy wasn't affiliated with ISIS but sympathised with them and did it at least somewhat to help them)

Australia's laws involve either needing the gun for a work related reason or having specific types of guns that are kept on a gun-range. What's so bad about laws like that? I enjoyed FPSRussia as much as the next guy when he was popular but I don't think 18 school shootings in 1.5 months is worth being able to shoot a hand cannon or flame-thrower in your backyard. (And besides, *plenty* of people do that kinda shit in Australia. You just tend to make them yourself and live on land)

There's also nothing to say that gun laws can't be made more strict while those issues are worked on, and if the strict gun laws are an issue when those other issues are mostly resolved then they can be reviewed again in future.
I actually liked CBC much more than CFO. It was so short that it wasn't worth skipping and it was hilarious seeing how they killed each celebrity off. (Especially when James had to clean F1 driver off of the tent windows)
On what?

I've seen games where performance is completely and utterly sub-par at even the lowest of settings on a high end PC and games where even low spec hardware runs the game faster than Windows in wine. Drivers, specific software versions, what game you're talking about, etc all matter. The Sims generally runs nicer on wine for example, especially 3 which is usually limited by HDD/SSD speed with the open world and Create-A-Style and shows benefits from ext4 vs ntfs among other things.

Besides, its possible to write the game code in such a way as to aid compatibility with wine. That's how Eve Online has been "compatible" for the years, ages ago they used to specifically write the game in such a way that it'd run under wine (in lieu of a true Linux version) and even now it's often easy to get running pretty well with a couple workarounds that mainly involve forcing XP and DX9.
That whole part of the world is especially beautiful, it's looking like The Grand Tour is doing a special that involves Columbia in the middle of the year. Can't wait for that. 
Absolutely. It benefits everyone, even the companies because they get free bug fixing/testing and while there's a much higher chance of competitors being able to incorporate ideas from the code, it's a double edged sword...People can read your code, but you can read theirs too.
Yeah, it wasn't the drop in compatible OS style a lot of people would expect from that word but a lot of the basic ideas were the same and continued in Windows to this day. (eg. A:, B: being floppy drives with C: and up being for everything else or indeed using letters for drive representation)

But it was undeniably a big pull for people with CP/M systems, they could get a faster, more advanced system and even if they didn't port programs, they'd still be much more familiar with how the system in general works.
> as long as it performs well, I don't care.

I'd love to see more of this mindset around here, honestly. It doesn't matter if they even use wine bundled in with the game if it means we end up getting an actual officially supported release. (eg. They might be adding extra code to that specific implementation of wine to make the game run better, using preset settings for wine, etc)

And it's pretty much necessary to allow an OS to gain significant marketshare. Devs are much more likely to port something if you give them a very easy way to port to a new platform, it's easier to convince the publishers and other execs to release a port which helps "bootstrap" the marketshare to a point where devs are considering the platform for porting properly without wine. Windows benefited from DOS compatibility, DOS benefited from CP/M compatibility, Linux has already benefited from its UNIX compatibility.
[Censored] to [Censored] was pretty good, as was the Switzerland adventure from S2E1 of TGT.
Eh, kinda. While I think they gave more of a shit about that back in the day, There's easily spotted scripted parts in OG TG all over. (eg. Death Road where the order that they show stuff isn't the order it was recorded which is easy to tell if you've been there, apparently. Some of the mods that get done off camera are clearly scripted too, like that one where Clarkson ends up driving half a car because he couldn't get it quite out of a river.)

It's still the same thing, a specific combination of set locations, activities, etc and some improv lines or funny bits that get caught while they're recording. (eg. Jeremy having his engine disintegrate in front of Hammond or May throwing the rope and having it roll away from him when he's not looking.)
Unexpected Aunty Donna reference there.
What about the boars?
Um, obviously.

That doesn't make them any less idiotic/anti-consumer or deserving of criticism. What do they add to the gameplay experience?
And more furniture on boats. The main thing I honestly want is to be able to put a bone chair on my houseboats roof next to the fire.
I found 3 drawings and part of a toy in the cave that you find the katana and flashlight in.

Made a nice way to tell my houseboat apart from my mates, actually. Put it on the door. 
They had ~3 months to add some features and do a load of polish on a game that at prerelease is still just as good as a lot of fully released games. Honestly, the features they mentioned and improving the physics bugs (especially on boats, although I know that's difficult at best) would make for a great game as is imo. 
Club, tonne of teeth and booze on it. I just block and backstep or sidestep attacks and then lay a good one across the face or back of the head.

I also charge into larger groups holding block when my mates lack explosives or molotovs as the club is so tanky for blocking and it spreads them right out. 
I want them to keep doing that shit. I fully expect them to be too busy flinging shit at each other to notice that we've decided to just remove *all* the shit.
The real MVP has the teacher in on it and is allowed a can of "plain coke" in class. 
The amount of automation we have now is already making capitalism look dysfunctional. People who are in decent positions are usually in denial about it, though.
Madly In Anger With You: Listen to the St. Anger album on repeat while you play. You're not allowed any other music.
True, but nukes aren't units. Bombers OTOH are. 

Can you levy bombers from City States?
Ashton Kutcher comes out from under some rubble to inform Vegeta that he was in fact, punk'd.
I wish they'd kept going with the obvious Saitama influence on it and built it up to be some emotional story right before it turns out he was just picked up going to the gym as a hobby after he was overly bored with work and went from there.
They can control their jumps with their ki in the air. I'm fairly certain that was established in DB with flight being an extended version of that.

Given that Goku could jump above the clouds as a kid, I'd say they're just jumping around and are allowed a limited amount of control maybe now that the stage is so broken up.
Aussie here, former waiter. You still get tips fairly regularly, they're often just put into a jar at the counter and split at the end of the week amongst all staff (As its considered a compliment to the entire team) and individual tips aren't as high. 

OTOH, I was still making a similar wage to you on weekends as a teenager and once the back of house had gotten their shit together, was pulling ~$50 of tips in a week for myself on top.
Never played the BoS games because I've heard that they're not as good as the originals, but after seeing that I'm definitely checking them out!
The Switch OS software is based on FreeBSD, while other users are correct in that the problem lies in that the same security flaws are used for piracy *and* normal hacking there's also a genuine chance someone could figure out how to make them run on a Switch running Linux given that it's all POSIX.
All the fun of not being able to complete your Pokedex without thousands in plane tickets. Yeah.

If I want to go overseas, it's not for Pokemon Go..
> If anything I think they've made it far too easy to catch all the Pokemon I want from the sofa in my city apartment


Must be nice. I'm still yet to evolve or even catch all of Gen 1 because most simply don't spawn where I play/go.
Yeah, I never liked his stuff as much as James but I respect the guy for giving it a red hot go.

What I mean is the actual AVGN videos recently have been a lot less funny. More on cut-away gags and less on actually reviewing the game for the sake of reviewing the game.
I'd love for Devin to do a video game soundtrack in general. Maybe something along the lines of a soundscape that reacts to player input like Spore.
JamesNintendoNerd or the AVGN.

Can't really pin it down 100% on what it is, but after that first Sonic 2006 video the AVGN videos haven't really been as funny as they were. The other stuff on his channel varies...Some of it has been great (eg. Some of the guess the music stuff and James and Mike Monday's are pretty good) but a lot of it isn't that great.
Not all of it any more. At least, it'd be horrible to eat and not just from the size.

I'm a baker and there was one video I watched where they made a massive lasange or something and all I could think was "And you expect the middle to cook at that temperature, how?"
I paid AU$300 for a similarly performing GPU (OCed HD7950) in 2012. Jesus.
No idea. My first one said 8k on this screen but by the time I had taken back the city state, it had gone to 10k.
Mine was the Khmer taking an allied City State. I accepted as I wanted to liberate them anyway, no-one else did so I got a cool 10k gold from my normal plans effectively.
I like doing song puns and Metallica's one of my favourite bands.


Atlas, Rise!: Build or own a city on every continent in the game.

Broken, Beat & Scarred: Have a unit survive from the ancient era to the end of the game but participate in a war every era.

Wherever I May Roam: Build a scout as your first production item, have it scouting the map out the entire game.

The Shortest Straw: Eliminate two civs in the same turn.

The Unforgiven II: Maintain an unfriendly, denounced or at war relationship with one Civ from when you meet them until the end of the game.

The God That Failed: Start a religion. Keep it only to the cities you settle, not ones you conquer.

Nothing Else Matters: Remain at war with at least one Civ from your first war until the last Civ is eliminated.

Halo on Fire: Nuke every capital other than your own at some point in the game. 
There's a lot that goes into it and some of the differences aren't shown in commonly used benchmarks, I haven't really looked in depth at Exynos vs SD this generation as I haven't had any need to although I'm fairly certain it mainly comes down to caching at least with M2 vs S821, Samsung just has more advanced implementations which improved performance a bit in benchmarks but also made the SoC much more responsive.

(This was also seen on desktop PCs back in the 90s, AMDs K6-III was the first x86 CPU with three levels of cache and it showed in office tasks with it often keeping up with much faster cores because of its cache)
The Stigs Multi-Billionaire Cousin

*Cuts to Stig standing in front of a "Stigmobile" branded car holding a flamethrower*
I had the first Android phone, the HTC Dream.

It had no headphone jack, just a modified USB port that was larger than the normal one with more pins but could fit a normal one for charging, etc. Had headphones come with it for that port, at least.
That's why they have to start all ripping on devices for things that consumers and they generally seem to not want. The PR backlash from blocking practically every phone reviewer would be much bigger than just saying "Thank you for making us more aware of market wants and needs!" and making the changes.
Exynos is actually faster, at least in my experience it has usually been faster than an equivalent Snapdragon. Given the S7s launch, I'd say it was faster fairly recently. (Lot of people complaining about the performance, but then again a lot of others saying the phone is great and has no stutters, etc. Guess which group tended to own which SoC)

Speed differences don't always show up well in benchmarks, like with an SSD vs a HDD it was quite hard to actually show the insane difference in usability on a normal windows desktop with benchmarks for ages. (Then we discovered IOPs and the like)
Just get used to losing the feature and make do in what ways you can.

Sincerely, physical keyboard fans.
Calling it now. Cheaper version of the Switch that lacks handheld mode and a screen, but still comes with Joycons alongside launching a larger joycon model.

That said it depends, if the bug exists on the actual Tegra SoC then it could take a while for it to be fixed and units without the exploit to appear in the wild, but it'd be a lot harder to tell due to it being a new SoC stepping rather than a real redesign.
Linus' Fur Suit
Seconded. Chromebooks are perfect for this use case. Lots of the same positives as the Macbook (eg. Not as many full fledged games, viruses, etc) but without as many drawbacks either. (eg. Price, if he gets into PCs they're much more tinkerable and *nix style system usage is incredibly important in the business side of IT, etc)
I do skip every segment. Celebrity interviews are usually basically advertisements for their products. The only CFO I've watched was last weeks because I love Penn & Teller. Same as SIARPC on Top Gear, I barely watched any of those because they're just boring as shit to me.
It's pretty much a rule that you put a wetsuit on when boating. A lot of people ignore it but James isn't one to ignore that kinda stuff.
Pretty much. It looks like ibara was initially like "Woah, okay, this guys a bit of a cunt. I guess I'll see if this is the official line on this issue" and was shown that it indeed is.
But it still takes up time and energy that could otherwise be going into improving the next game, rather than poor quality MP content. 
Their drivers just leave a lot to be desired in general. AMDs left more to be desired for years so people mistakingly thought nVidia had good drivers, instead of just better.

Now AMD has really tightened up their driver teams on both Windows and Linux, made things work a lot nicer.
I had no issues like you until I went on the development packages in the AUR to get the newer version of Mesa and the like. I mean, it's kinda to be expected with that bleeding edge code but it isn't unheard of.

Usually if I was missing any libraries on the default mesa packages that didn't break Steam it'd just automatically flag and pick them up via the initial pacman install or Steam would just download them before starting fully.
Most of the survey stats for Linux in general seem somewhat unrealistic and it's corroborated with the often mentioned anecdotes about not getting surveys at all on Linux vs Windows.
160ms? You do realize that even at 30fps any single frame is on the screen for 33ms? That's an insane amount of latency, you've got 5 and a half frames before your input is reacted to. Screw FPS', with that kind of bad input lag I'd not want to deal with a Windows UI or Civ or something else equally slow paced like that.

Streaming games is absolutely something that will happen, it's just it'd be (at best) off of a central desktop in your house to your TV or another screen or something. I fully expect PCs to start going back to the old thin client and mainframe style as they get faster and more capable in ways that benefit that exact usage scenario quite a bit but software doesn't often need all of that performance. (eg. Using one 1950X Threadripper CPU today, you could have 4 gaming VMs running on a hypervisor at nearly full speed on the one PC if you had a couple of gaming desktops and maybe a HTPC or something else similar.)
*Gets punched in the face by #16*

Blblblbl.
Yup, absolutely. The old way of doing it wasn't viable forever, but I really do think that the XP style way of doing it (ie. Mostly compatible and a few specific exceptions for *extremely* popular programs that *need* to work that way for some reason) was by far the best way.

It limited most programs problems to ones that even an end-user with no source code or programming knowledge could often still manage to fix and in a lot of cases, for programmers to be able to fix it via hooking in new code or reverse engineering the game. These days it seems more like preservation (At least for games) is being done via reverse engineering the entire game engine itself and then just reimplementing it via modern methods as an open source project, because then as long as the original game data can be found its entirely possible and not as difficult to get it working on virtually any platform fast enough to run it. (I mean, I'm fairly sure I've seen Morrowind ports to Android for gods sake)
Except it often isn't a problem on Linux either. Most people have Intel iGPUs as their main GPU and there's plenty of options you can enable that can fix it even for nVidia that are simply enabled by default on Windows, which leads me to my original point of if I still need to do a butt-tonne of configuration after the OS install on Windows, why not just go Linux instead when it often offers an superior experience when set up properly and your program usage can work on it? I say this as someone who runs Win10 daily, the changes MS keep making is slowly pushing me back to Linux but I simply lack the SSD space for dual booting.

As far as I know, the main time it's still an issue is if you A) run nVidia, B) run a non-hardware accelerated DE like MATE or LXDE and C) don't enable the nVidia driver 'ForceCompositionPipeline' option as a one off change, that most likely *won't* be changed back without your knowledge because Linus Torvalds decided to have it that way for nothing technical, just financial. How many Windows bugs do you get that fit specific platforms and software choices like that? A fair few, last I checked.
I've been calling this for about a decade now. I noticed that the PS1, PS2, Dreamcast and Xbox had all added PC style features to consoles and that the then current generation (PS3/Xbox 360) had mostly gone further along that route. It just makes sense as an end game for Xbox and Playstation to essentially turn into something very similar to prebuilt PCs suited for gaming, maybe with somewhat custom parts for lower power consumption and tighter integration being something that continues.

I'm also calling it now, if Intel continue to support and release that chip with an Intel CPU + AMD Vega GPU, that'll be the next platform for consoles. The change in CPU microarchitecture doesn't matter as much because performance is so up from the ancient Jaguar design across the board even at the same clocks, it'd make up for a lack of optimisation for the different design and the actual architecture is the same, albeit with more features and extensions. The GPU is still GCN based so in theory the code should run with all optimisations pretty flawlessly with zero/few changes but also having the advantage of being much faster. I basically expect that line to be fed and continue thanks to MS and Sony with at least periodic updates of the individual chips to newer/faster versions. (Maybe we could see a Dell, HP, ASUS, Gigabyte, etc console in the future if this continues too? With the things specifying it being a console rather than a prebuilt PC mainly being integration at the expense of upgradability, built in controller support and a streamlined interface for TV use among other things. I kinda wonder what Sony is going to do in this future though, MS will obviously continue to use Windows Store and the Xbox app but will Sony just make a PSN app? I'd love to see them basically make their own Linux based OS and call it PSOS as their base software but I very much doubt it.) 
Um, honestly yes. Those are pretty bad screenshots for showing the graphics off and games always look vastly different in motion to still pictures, but having played a lot of both games, I think they look great in their own somewhat cartoony way.

(The FF7 screenshot is one of the times you've got a large 3D rendered character in front of a low res 2D background texture...One of the areas high resolution rendering actually makes worse, as at a low res the 3D mesh also renders closer to what the background looks like. That Dragon Valor screenshot? You basically grabbed a shot of the character running which was at a 45 degree angle and his shield covering most of the torso and a lot of background space making it look more off a real human than it already is. [This](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/nD8TKbwgn3w/hqdefault.jpg) is an example of a better screenshot for Dragon Valor, although it's at the default res I believe.)

It's funny that you mention better textures because I meant mainly the rendering resolution, but even simple tricks like celshading can make the games look great. [Here's a video showing Dragon Valor running with a mod that does just that](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z8fiOkjuJJY), add in a texture pack for items, menus and inventory and I'm reasonably sure you could pass the game off as a new release even though it originally came out in 1999.
Absolutely, I got a great game that I paid full price for twice; on Xbox 360 and PC.

It's just that they then had another full price great SP game for me to play a year or two later in the PS2 era and I know enough about computer science along with game dev work to know full well that MP on the scale of GTA Online has taken a hell of a lot of the resources from GTA V *before* shark cards took off like they did. GTA IV at least had DLC which was generally considered better than the original game, on GTA V we got a load of crappy MP updates along with some decent MP updates with everything being much more expensive for the content you got either in true dollars (Via shark cards) or time sunk into it. (The game is grindy as fuck. Anyone who continues to deny this really just doesn't know the meaning of grind or is in a situation where they can turn the grind into something genuinely fun.)

I stopped following the updates after Heists was so late and disappointing, but aren't the DLC cars up to something like $80 real money now? For one car? That doesn't even have proper damage modelling..? There's one entity whose being entitled here, and it's certainly not the guy who just wants them to continue their old business model. And please don't bring up "oh but the graphics and physics are so much better now!" because most of the physics work was done with IV and making RAGE in the first place, it's just updating it now (Which is significantly less work and spread across **all** of R*s teams as they use it for practically all of their games now) and graphics...not many people actually asked for better graphics, I personally wouldn't give a shit if they simply stuck with PS2 era cartoony style or a more simpler Saints Row style, I'd love it if it meant that they used the extra time and money saved from that to make a much larger and expansive SP mode. 
You say that, but GTA III came out in October 2001 for PS2, May 2002 for PC and October 2003 for Xbox, GTA Vice City came out pretty much a year later across the board (Except Xbox which was at the same time) and San Andreas was October 2004 for PS2 and June 2005 for PC. Vice City and San Andreas only had a year and two years respectively yet are agreed to be considered the best of GTAs entire series.

Then there's the other side of the coin: Yes, SP takes a fair chunk of time to develop a product that realistically has one decent sales window and then peters out even with the best replayability but does MP cost any less? You still develop the game, an API for the server to talk to and most time consumingly; the server software and updated content. If Rockstar essentially concentrated on SP, released a dedicated server but also made their own official ones that can auto connect ala matchmaking then it'd fulfil all of the same worthwhile goals that GTA V did and more. (No, I don't count making shitloads of cash off of shark cards as a worthwhile goal. People forget that businesses do not exist just to make money, they exist to provide goods or a service for money. Shareholders and simple greed have perverted that which has lead to quality of most things to just continuously go down as companies realise that in most markets, they can do what they want because it takes a lot for someone to switch brands/give up the product entirely and because it's happening to practically every major market, people have lower expectations of what to get for their cash in general.)

Which makes me expand my original point that you replied to, developing MP takes a **lot** of time; it takes more than SP because balancing is harder when you don't dictate what the enemies will be doing among other things as the human element generally makes a lot of things more difficult due to its inherent randomness. I'd very much rather if Rockstar kept focusing their efforts on making great single-player titles that set the bar as far as SP orientated games go, putting some effort into MP but keeping it secondary and simple. (The method I suggested above could go as far as allowing the community to work on making MP funner/keeping it going as long as possible. SAMP and MTA are entirely community based, have tonnes of gamemodes developed entirely by the community for the community and quite frankly, despite the lack of polish and present bugs/limitations, makes for a funner MP experience than GTA Online does to me)
Screen tearing has been an issue that has been fixable for probably a similar amount of time. I remember fixing it required a single config line in my X11 config...

Come to think of it, it hasn't been an issue at all on amdgpu for me, only nVidia's proprietary drivers and fglrx which was known to be fairly poorly coded. Maybe the issue there doesn't lie with Linux?
Further confirmation that Sydney just genuinely is a shitty city.

Source: Live in rural Victoria, smokes are around $1 each for cheaper packs. (eg. $21.50 for a 20 pack of superkings, $19.95 for a normal 20 pack, $49.95 for a 50 pack of normals.)
Same. Me and two of my co-workers smoke so we pretty much help each other out with smokes most weeks when it's getting up to pay day. 
They fucked up by abusing their market position. For over a decade most people have used Windows because they pretty much have to, but they'd rather something better. So when they release "windows phone" people mostly think "Why on Earth would I fall for that trap again?" rather than "Wait, my PC has Windows...They should work really well together then!"
It's something that was going on for ages inside MS. They used to go right out of their way to ensure that a windows program worked on windows, even if the program was developed for say, win3.1, used undocumented features/bugs to get specific effects, etc and you were trying to run it on XP.

Around the time that 98 was popular, MS started changing the game a bit. Shipping updates to APIs and the like that weren't fully compatible with the older one, allowing some legacy programs to break, etc. They had a great balance for it around the XP and Vista era where stuff wasn't too hard to fix if it broke usually, but you still got all of this fancy new stuff that would have been much harder/impossible to do with the legacy code there.


Nowadays it's basically if you don't use the latest stuff, too bad and that's gone further than their relationship with devs who program for Windows. 
A lot of us don't accept it, but we don't have much choice.

I simply don't have the storage space to dual boot effectively, particularly on my flash storage. That said, once I get another SSD I'm absolutely dual booting arch and whatever cut down version of Windows 10 I can find. 
There's also people like me who go out of their way to try and use these kind of new features and have found them not suitable... Who then can't fully disable it easily. 
I'm reading all of these comments about how you can install 10 without the crap inbuilt and all of the other techniques, and just sitting here thinking two things: "And Linux is still considered hard to install?" along with "Fucking called this would be the way of Windows eventually way back when 8 came out" 
He was also in for literally decades. I think his last run as pm was in the 40s or 50s?
Yup. They even fired the guy who was in charge of it. (And had been a very big part of the company for its golden years)
This exactly. They pretty much fucked over GTA as a franchise for me and I'm pretty annoyed about it. GTA V has a good SP mode but I just don't want to have to wait years and years between releases with the bloody online mode taking up devs time and energy over the next title in the series or content I actually care for. The way they handled GTA Online pretty much single-handedly pushed me from having GTA as a must-have game release to one that is more along the lines of pick it up on sale if at all, that way I'll know the SP is actually good and get it cheap because I don't want to pay full price to be treated like a second class citizen again.
It wasn't great compared to the old MP mods for GTA:SA at launch because you have to grind in order to just have fun. If you want the money for decent cars/ammo/weapons, you at least need to grind once. Everyone who has replied to this style comment that I've seen and said "No, you don't!" usually then says "You just have to basically grind to a certain point then you can set yourself up to not have to" or "it's not grinding when you're having fun" completely ignoring the fact that I didn't need to do either in SAMP. I could just get in a good car, customise it and go on a cruise with randoms and still have fun. Or climb a massive stack of hay bales that move around and shit. Way better than running a mission and having to reset because some guy fucked up flying a helicopter halfway across the map.
Because they originally had plans for 3 large DLCs for GTA Vs SP, had Leslie Benzies working on them, fired him and canned the DLCs in favour of reusing the content for MP Updates afaik. Once they ran out of content to release that way, they probably changed it up for new cars, etc they were adding.
That honestly depends on the game, the resolutions are crap but if you fix that up with emulation a lot of games actually look fairly good. (eg. FF7, Dragon Valor)

Graphics don't need to be ridiculously advanced and technical to be good, they simply need a good and appealing art-style. Just look at Minecraft and Stardew Valley.
What the fuck is with butter prices at the moment?

Sincerely, one very frustrated baker.
I genuinely believe no single human empire/government style/power/whatever (even if its transferred to others regularly and at least somewhat fairly ala democracy) can last very long for this very reason.
Yeah, I do get that issue but my mum does that in general. (eg. I play guitar so I'm automatically very interested in *any* live music of *any* genre)
That's stopped for me after I got a certificate in IT, any family that don't know PCs generally shut up when I say "Look, you're a nurse/accountant/mechanic. If I needed help with my body/finances/vehicle, I'd not second guess you. What's different here?" 
Being a selfish fuckwit benefits you, but trying to get everyone working their asses off on things they want to benefits everyone nearly as much. 
[Relevant tutorial video from an early patch when bananas also had +1 minor offence.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U90dnUbZMmM)
It's a pretty common build. Ceech and Chong first popularised it, a variant on the druid that involves heavy marijuana use.
Stock up on condoms. Once you hit level 30 or so, you'll also want to start looking into stamina potions on the regular. Some builds really need it, unfortunately.
Well yeah, if you're playing on the most populated maps of course.

Try the Outback map, or some of the North or South Pole ones. It's still desert/snow respectively but it's vastly different from a lot of the others.
I heard that he's meant to be putting his old steed somewhere in one of the new areas the space expansion will add, apparently just for shits and giggles while testing the new fast transit system more than anything else. 

I don't get it, that is a pretty rare steed even if it is older...He'd get so much for it on the market. That said, he has no shortage of gold.
I nopoo/litepoo from laziness (First I've actually heard of that sub but not the technique) and I've always had great hair, nearly always get compliments on it and I'm lucky to wash it once a week. (Long, thick hair that takes ages to properly dry. I work as a baker so any dampness in it means flour gets everywhere. As a result I try to shower just after work and only actually let my hair get wet on days off)

I personally say just go with what your hair seems to like and try different things until then, but that just like anything that comes down to genetics, some people just have bad hair.
> it takes 4 strokes to sharpen your weapon.

Unfortunately, I have premature sharpness and only take 2 strokes to sharpen my weapon.
Xlink Kai was utter heaven compared to setting up a network (ie. For a LAN) in the days of Win95 and 98SE.
I had a cop apologise for giving me a ticket. I'd forgotten to update my address on my licence so my rego letter didn't go to my home and it wasn't paid, she basically said "Look, if I could just let you go I would, but I can't. Sorry." and handed me the fine.


Note it was 3am and I'd literally only gone out for a maccas run 
Vic does too. Or at least rural Vic. 
Nah, the crack fairy just robs you to buy crack.
Because people know it does reduce it. The question is whether people who would have pirated it end up buying it instead which would be visible as games with DRM genuinely selling more copies.

Personally whenever I see DRM like ACO I just stay away from the game entirely, sure, I won't pirate it but I'm not buying it either. 
"yeah guys cloud and streaming is the future, you should move all of your audio/video/file storage needs to the cloud"
Fun as all hell, annoying kinda but also nice depending on the surface.

Felt a bit flimsy but wasn't coming apart easily, and a few mods made it a lot more solid feeling. (not that it needed it at all) 
It takes up enough space, I use 64kbit/s Opus instead too... That's even smaller than MP3 which is really a shitty codec for anything other than mass support these days.

Why would I use the cloud? It's limited vs local storage, I have to pay for it vs just ripping the albums I've owned CD copies of for decades and finally, cloud makes zero sense on mobile as NAND flash is cheap, plentiful and much less power hungry than maintaining a data connection via either LTE or WiFi by a *significant* amount. 

And its not often, but considering I have my favourite videos of my son/other events I enjoy being able to show people but don't typically have the heads up to be able to throw them specifically on my phone.


And that's the other problem with the cloud, there's a lot of reasons why it doesn't work for some users or is inferior or whatever and there's very few ways to get around it whereas making phones say, 128gb minimum internal storage is actually not that expensive at all given the size of modern NAND. 
No, he was the crack fairy. Haven't you heard the stories of the crack fairy?
That's the plan, but I want to go VFIO in future, even for the NAS style stuff so I'm probably just going to fabricate a custom case because nothing really matches what I want for appearance and functionality.
That's been true for years, though. People who got a K6-3 for office productivity often upgraded their RAM and HDDs but kept the rest of the system past when XP was new and way beyond that. It was the first x86 CPU with three levels of cache which meant it just kept on going even though the cores were significantly slower than more modern chips. (It topped out at 550Mhz while other CPUs had broken 1000MHz within 2 years)

Office stuff has been behind where the hardware is for years, and the areas its actually bottlenecked aren't really explored and aren't typical of other uses in PC. (eg. Storage speed, caching/RAM speed and setup, etc)
Even if you have 1Gbit/s guaranteed 24/7 with zero drop-outs, it's inferior to a good storage subsystem and having the actual data there.

Maintaining a data connection over LTE or WiFi uses exponentially more power than merely having the files on a NAND chip and streaming it in from that.
It's also much harder on your battery to have a constant download on mobile/wifi data than to just stream it from local storage.
Yeah, the entire reason we started doing that was when phones had 1GB-2GB internal storage total and being able to install apps on the SDCard was often the difference between something being able to install and not having enough space. No-one wanted to use SDCards for that stuff because NAND is and always will be faster.
I have all of my music on a 64GB SDCard, but merely application installs and photos/videos easily fills up the 32GB on my S7Edge. I don't have 64GB but I have enough experience using PCs over the years to know I'll easily fill that up and that 128GB to 256GB would be the sweet spot for me.

And I know I should just move all of the files to my PCs storage, which I do. The issue is I have to do it quite often and barely have enough room to keep the stuff I'd like to keep on there in addition to room for photos/videos. It's also an issue with desktop PCs...So many cases only have room for 1-2 3.5" HDDs, whereas I'd want 4 or more for large multi-drive RAID10.
Exactly. And there's zero reason to not have extra storage and local files for music and the like on a battery constrained device...Using the LTE or WiFi is a lot higher on the power consumption than merely accessing NAND.
To me it sounds like it's one of those things that sounds like a good idea at first but the more thought out the plan becomes, the more clearly it becomes a bad idea.
I saw a homeless guy smoking a crack pipe 2 blocks from Southern Cross the other day. You've just gotta be lucky to see this shit.
Ah yes, Mega'blokitus. The prophet for Gods alcoholism years.
I got a 42065 - RC Tracked Racer kit the other day and it was missing one stud, just the normal black connecting one for round technic holes.

Didn't care though, I always end up modifying my kits to improve on them and part of my mods for this kit (Which improved improving the cable management/changing the kit to improve on that so even they look nice) meant I got another one anyway. (Even if they weren't one of the most common bits to start off with)
I have it happen rarely but it's so infrequent that usually I've found them before I've worn out the next one and just have two for a bit.

It's just about having somewhere for them, I guess. They stay on my desk near one of my screens unless they're in my hair, and if I'm out when I take it off it just goes on the wrist until I get home.
As a guy with very long (Past my shoulder blades) length hair, I don't understand it. I tie my hair into a bun for work and I only ever buy new hairties about once a year and usually because every single one in the old packet has lost its elasticity...

I don't mind it though, whenever I have a girlfriend I just forego that annual purchase and simply scavenge instead.
She actually is ridiculously good at keeping track of them, it's just every month she has to buy some jet to keep the withdrawal debuffs low.
This really highlights a problem with Skyrim for me: I get the idea behind putting a lot of low level dungeons in vs high level ones, because the players more likely to walk into something they can handle vs something they're hopelessly underlevelled for but I think in practice, it doesn't work out for one very simple reason, how often do you spend playing at a level where something for level 2 is a challenge vs level 24?

There's a happy medium but this definitely highlights a big problem that I have with vanilla Skyrim, there's just a lack of things to do once you start getting past level 30...It's not like there's nothing and most quests do scale fairly well but once you reach around that point, your character starts getting OP and having to search out specific enemies to fight or the like. I'd prefer it if that happened around say, level 70. At level 30 it should be pretty clear you're powerful, you should have no problem taking on an entire camp of bandits at once but you shouldn't be able to wade through Dremora like it's nothing either (Which you absolutely can at level 30 if you've gone for a decent warrior style build) and a giant should still need you to have the aid of a strong companion or two. That's also when people should start noticing you too, but the issues with TES games in general and NPCs not being great at recognising your power and fame have been a dead horse since Oblivion was still new and Fallout 3 wasn't far from launch.
"Yeah, so you're too unwell to work. Any chance you could run into town, wait at the doctors/ER and then ask them to give you a note?"

Thankfully most bosses aren't competent enough/care enough to worry about it if you just pass them a printed note from a real sounding doctors (eg. A. Buchanen GP) with a fake signature or something similar. I believe if you know a nurse or the like, they can write you one too. (And that's actually 100% legal)
Now I want to hear them cover Space Truckin'
The area I work was all Instinct yesterday. I've also got the benefit of being on night shift, go into work a little early, take a few gyms and get a few hours before they get taken usually.
It won't be as fast as system RAM for this use because of the (admittedly small) extra latency from going through the PCIe bus to the GPU and its RAM **but** as it's still actual RAM chips which means vastly lower latency and vastly higher bandwidth than even an NVMe SSD when used for swap space afaik. (iirc RAM latency is another order of magnitude lower in latency as SSDs are to HDDs)


Honestly, there's many potential uses. Lets say you have a cheaper card with a fair chunk of vRAM as a secondary card or your GPU requirements are limited to media playback on a machine then that could be useful to make the system faster as a whole.
No, usually when people say they make good coasters they mean you can usually use a bunch to make a rollercoaster.
Time to start the Starfish War.
I just want a version that can play the piano, so that it has a job when all of the starfish are dead.
The starfish have tamed it and are using it against us now.
They look fairly demonic, I propose we use undersea drones and make a Doom mod.
Add in covering the tab for a night at the strippers and you've got a deal my friend.
Exactly why I'm not purchasing RDR2 or GTA VI or whatever other series until we see SP DLC and other expansions, or more regular releases.

I'm bitter about GTA Vs treatment but I wouldn't be so annoyed if it didn't take so bloody long between their games these days...Somehow I expect they'll completely remove the SP eventually but I really hope not.
I leave the door open as I shit on the sink in public toilets.
Some aren't that bad. I have an older HP Color Laserjet 1600 which is fairly decent, even has Linux drivers.
It just needs a Marvel tie in and it'll be fine
More expensive than a bullet.
People were calling that on election night.
This was 2011, so I'd be surprised if they didn't know. I think it might have mainly been the IT course though. 
It's like, algebra hard, man. 
Personally I've never had non-lethal shots with a handgun fail me. 
Federation Uni, formerly Ballarat Uni. That's about the best thing about them.
I've been doing this for a long time, it happens each generation. RAM is very simple to make so once they reach that point where they've got good capacity for current needs, they're on a decent node at decent speeds and prices are nice and low, some problem happens which causes prices to skyrocket again and eventually settle down just in time for the next generation to happen and for the cycle to begin anew.

Personally I just loosened the timings on my DDR3, clocked it to 2.2Ghz and upgraded my i5 3570k to an i7 3770k (Gained 200Mhz on my 24/7 OC too) so once GPU prices settle down and I can buy a new GPU, I'll be pretty good until DDR4 is a bit cheaper and I'll likely buy a Ryzen 2000 or 3000 based system. (Kinda thinking of doing a threadripper build using a hypervisor too, so I can just have VMs with lightweight machines for anything else I want in the house like a gaming HTPC or the like and a main VM that I use as a daily PC, apparently you can do it on current gen TR with little performance loss but being easier and cheaper than managing two or more separate PCs while also being able to scale right up if you need extra performance in one VM)
The OEMs have chips and probably are taking their time designing stuff. AMD dropped Ryzen pretty quickly on the market and I expect the same to happen with Ryzen 2*00.
I think it's something that requires a significant amount of work to put into implementations, hence why we won't see full hardware fixes for a little bit. I'd also wager that they're not going to say it's fully hardened against it until they're 1000% sure that there's no way to do it which would require years of testing. 

Part of me hopes that it reduces the dependence on x86 that we have, I know it's on other architectures too but I can't help but feel that only having two major CPU vendors has made this significantly worse than it'd have otherwise been. (ie. If there were many more vendors, competition to release Spectre-Proof CPUs would give much more pressure to find a way to fix the problem once it became clear it was going to become public eventually, Intel has typically tried to ignore big bugs and problems in the past until the bad PR became too much because of their dominance in the market as is as shown with the Pentium FDIV bug, the i820 SDRAM bugs, the original Pentium III 1.13Ghz, etc.)
There's a rumour of massive fraud in the Crypto market regarding Tether and Bitfinex that could cause prices to drop pretty fast too. 
We're talking about their early codenames, AMD has likely started referring to them internally as 2nd generation Ryzen and 3rd generation Ryzen by now.

Long story short, the small improvement on the Zen core (Zen+) is the 2nd generation of Ryzen CPUs or the Ryzen 3/5/7 2000 series and the larger improvement (Zen2) is the 3rd generation of Ryzen CPUs or the Ryzen 3/5/7 3000 series. Similar to how we referred to the HD7970/HD7950 as TahitiXT and TahitiPro before launch, or how Skylake became the i3/i5/i7 6000 series, Kaby Lake became the i3/i5/i7 7000 series and Coffee Lake became the i3/i5/i7 8000 series. People should say Ryzen 2\*00 or Ryzen 3\*00 to be accurate now that we practically know the product codenames.
Word supports odf and the other open formats, I just use those for any drafts and export as pdf if I need to send it elsewhere that has specific file format requirements.

That said, I don't have other people sending me files very often. (Typically it's through Google Docs or the like when they do, too)
I honestly liked it in 2007, but not in 2010. Ended up going full time to LibreOffice (Uni used open source programs as often as possible to facilitate students getting said software as easily as possible) but I wouldn't mind an MS Office 2007 style Ribbon, even if the current layout does the job. (My needs are very basic, though)
Even my Mum in her 60s prefers LibreOffice to modern MS Office because she's used to the old school layout, no need to try to find where anything is because she already knows where it is.

That's the benefit of Open Source, if there's enough of a following for even just a specific feature or UI style or something small like that, it's far more likely to actually be implemented, updated and supported.
Plot twist: It is, but there's a second wormhole further down that puts out a similar amount of water.
Because meth.

Believe me, I'm Aussie. There's an ice epidemic here and they just do fucking weird shit all the time. A few nights ago in my city, a woman was going around door to door covered in ketchup clutching some scissors asking to be let in for medical attention apparently, by the time police found her, she was covered in *real* blood and had one finger mostly detached. Self-inflicted too.
Yup.
On ice, had the drug money on him, saw a shitload of cops for whatever reason and got paranoid, ducked into the nearest place he knew had a toilet and flushed it.
I should have maybe mentioned the other bit of that: U6 is back, Vegeta leaves Super for some time to visit planet Sadal and train with Cabba and the other sayians. He can't die off as he's in EoZ, but he can absolutely be removed from Super if it continues after this arc.

That said I'd expect it to be similar to when Toriyama tried to kill off Goku: The fans will demand he come back and we at least get a bunch of episodes or a plot about his U6 adventure.
Absolutely. That's why I used 12 as an example, the added microtransactions and lootboxes mean that it's something you'd *really* not want anyone, even a server at Google, knowing you're watching it.
Two plausible theories on that part for me.

1) The godpads couldn't see the fight because when the Grand Priest made them, he chose specs capable of showing fights far above what he expected the mortals to do and they're far exceeding that level. (eg. He designed a computer capable of playing say, Civ IV really well but then Zeno ignored IV and went straight for VI)

2) The GodPads could full well show the fight with ease, but as Zeno isn't the smartest or most mature being around, GP is pulling the wool over their eyes  a bit by using said magic to stop the Godpads from fully showing the fight and is show-boating a little bit to please Zeno. (eg. "Oh wow, these fighters are so good at what they do even our divine technology can't keep up with them! How amazing is that?!")
Unless Goku ends up winning and wishing back all of the erased universes.
Sloppy writing? That was great, Frieza's rage broke and he was just ranting nonsense out of sheer anger.
I think it originally said hiatus, and it's to make way for an anime they have regularly run on occasion for 40 years.

I expect the manga will keep going, the anime staff will get a much needed break and then some time to pre-write episodes with the series eventually starting up again, maybe at a different time-slot. There's a lot of supporting evidence to that, including Toyotar saying the manga would overtake the anime soon a while ago with it currently being in the gathering team members phase of the ToP arc.
I kinda expect everyone to blow each other out, maybe in some final attack but Frieza to still be lying there unconscious and proclaimed the victor.

That said, I prefer your idea honestly.
Because it works for the plot.

I personally think the talking is real time but the fighting is so sped up that it's barely a few seconds in duration for the longer scenes, as for why people can hear from so far away I honestly think it's just down to god magic as far as a possible in universe explanation.
I kinda half expect him to be the final winner after everyone blows each other out but he remains unconscious but in the ring, then to wish his empire back or something along those lines with an obvious set up for a new story but still relative peace for now. 

I do definitely expect that regardless of what happens, the manga will continue past where the anime leaves off when it ends and a new anime/the movie/Super starts up again later on with the new material to give the staff there a break. (They could also then start pre-writing episodes so they can slow the pace down a bit with writing depending on how long the hiatus is)
I think he expected Frieza to be unconscious or ringed out, honestly.
I expect him to be injured, Vegeta to come in and take over for the fight but 17 using the time to recover and work out Toppo's weakness, which he then uses to ring Toppo, possibly going with him or something too.
I personally doubt the show is actually ending. I expect the Manga to continue past where it ends and the anime to come back later on.
I reckon he'll come back at an opportune moment, maybe going out with Toppo or something.

Or he'll end up being the winner after everyone else blows each other out of the match.
Most of the major characters from other universes are blatantly ripping on other famous anime characters, some were pretty obvious like Brianne de Chateau/Sailor Moon, some were just kind of ripping on entire genres of anime like U3.

Jiren is pretty much the closest I can see us to getting an official Goku vs Saitama fight.
Yeah mate, I'm a stoner. I recognise that look of "Aww yeah, getting on tonight"
I wouldn't be surprised.

I guess that's the process equivalent to losing all your friends and being put on welfare.
Don't worry, it doesn't send the TERM signal. The process "bro" isn't stopped, it's just not visible to x.
Doesn't send a TERM signal to the process so after about 3 hours you'd have 180 instances of MS edge sitting in the background. Alternatively, I'll throw on Wayland which doesn't have xkill yet.
In my experience it's "CMOS settings lost, defaults loaded" or something.

And my last experience with a Compaq board (AM3 board) actually had an issue where if I didn't have a specific RPM fan, it'd make me press F1 on boot to continue with the "lack" of a fan. (Funnily enough I had to grab the stock fan from my second ever CPU which was also an AMD one)
Because whenever you see one of those little sharing buttons, it means Facebook, Twitter, Reddit, etc get a ping that your IP is currently on pornhub looking at a video entitled "Backdoor Sluts 12: Bootylicious Edition"
If only they did the same thing with the new Tool album as an apology.

It'd *almost* make up for forcing an U2 album on the masses.
Ipersonallyusealtspace.Thingsaredifferentinaltspace.
I had zero problems reading that at nearly full speed, honestly.
Honestly, they are. They have some great points to them (eg. Apples SoCs have been market leading since they started designing them in-house, their software is optimised to hell to the point where an iPhone X runs javascript as fast as my 4.6Ghz Core i7 on the same/very similar rendering engines and their storage subsystem is typically faster than any otherwise comparable Android phone) but the whole "We know better than you" mindset is appalling, and I don't know who looked at all of the 3GS', 3G's and various droids that had smashed screens and said "Yes, we should put glass on the back as well. That's a great idea!" but they really shouldn't be allowed to engineer anymore.

[Decent article on how that attitude can cause problems for the user experience, too. There's no shortage of these style articles nearly every time there's a new iOS update or iPhone that's changed things somewhat again](https://www.cnet.com/news/iphone-x-worst-features/)
Not SC2 players.

"I'm sorr-I'm sor-I'm so-For fucks sake, if you're going to click that fast I'm just going to block 'em all"
It installs/updates wine to a custom version where the only program it can run is MS Edge and it launches it once a minute.

And there's a bug where if you click the close button, it hangs for about 30 seconds before closing.
YES BUT WE DON'T CARE

^^^^^Please ^^^^^use ^^^^^our ^^^^^browser?
> Seriously though, with using the almost omnipresent internet connectivity to update the time, why the fuck doesn't an OS say "hmmm, I think the local machine is being retarded - maybe the CMOS battery is getting low!?"

It does. I've had motherboards from ~2004 or so that would display a "Press F1 to continue" style prompt if the battery was removed or dead.

The OS doesn't say it because I doubt MS/the *nix devs/whomever else really thought of it. You'd notice anyway yourself. That said, once we can code a way to automatically replace the battery, expect it to happen.
That's why it's embarrassing to have BS2 come up, obviously.
Nah, they tend to pick it up.

And then you can just say "Sorry, that's not a PC. I'm a PC expert"
Hot tip: Forcibly install Linux on their PCs. They'll either eventually adapt or stop asking you for help. Usually the latter.
I live in Australia. Got pulled over with a bong in my car before they were made illegal.

Thank god I actually do enjoy the occasional tobacco bong (Probably comes from the Aussie habit of mixing weed/baccy together when you smoke) and had ground up tobacco in a container with it. I showed them that, let them smell it and pretty much just said "I know it seems unbelievable but yes, I do genuinely use it for tobacco. Just prefer it to cigarettes" and got away with it.
Jokes on him, my wallets empty.
Oh there's a few good spacecraft not related to Nazi Germany so much that America has made, but a lot of their more famous rockets are direct decedents of the V-2 with Von Braun working on them as much as a modern Intel Core i7 8700k is directly decended from the Pentium Pro way back from 1995. China OTOH could be considered like AMD's Ryzen, it takes some elements from other designs but has a lot of design work done from scratch too. (If you happen to know computer CPUs fairly well)

V2 became PGM-11 Redstone which became Jupiter which became Saturn and eventually the Saturn V, for example. From what I could see about China's space program, they got the basic idea of rocketry from Von Braun derived designs (As you mentioned with the R-2) but pretty much do it on their own now.


Also, NASA has kinda been downhill since Von Braun retired. He left when Apollo was ended earlier than originally anticipated and the main thing of note since then is the Space Shuttle which while it had a lot of revolutionary ideas and firsts, was also absolutely a flawed design that had way too much money sunk into it by the time it was ended. In fact, I'd honestly say that the Atlas and Delta series are the most successful post-1980s American Rocket designs and those were used but not designed by NASA teams.
Didn't China develop their own space agency and launchers, etc basically from scratch with Soviet help before the split?

That's more than America can say given that quite a large number of the rockets you guys have produced over the years were blatantly Wernher von Braun updating and continuing research/design he did under Nazi Germany.
I had HFC with iiNet and their team was great even after TPG, because it was a small team in Melbourne. Even got a contact number for one of the better techies there for near instant tech support whenever he was on.
"fair enough, they do say a skeptical mind is a well educated one after all"

At which point you drop the mic, spin 360 degrees and moonwalk out while flipping him the bird. 
You don't argue with Tumblr, you troll it or it trolls you. Except it's serious. 
>"Well if you think God isn't real, prove it" 

I can do *that* easily.

Ever played The Sims? The fact that the entire human population isn't locked inside a swimming pool is proof enough we're not under anyone's control. 
It can destroy mountains in any length of time that you can think of *and* perceive, you just need enough of it and enough speed. 
Found Schroedinger's reddit account... At least, I may have. 
The Rock Raiders PC game is great to this day.
You can only use .4 of the hawk.
It's not a matter of waiting, it's a matter of surviving.
The year is 1907, you started out in Southern Russia and are hiding with your hairy, large hunter friend in the Tunguska region.
What's what I was thinking too. I'm Aussie and some of the stories you hear about crocs here...The rats *might* actually lose to that one.

Keep in mind, there's 10 of them there, they're creatures with massive appetites, have been around since the cretaceous period relatively unchanged and their mating rituals make a gang rape look calm and gentle. And their scales are tough as all hell, not like a bear.
He has a gun, he can solve the riddle of the mirror house.
As long as that .4 contains the wings, it should be good.
OH HAI MARK
I'd kill some of the rats, transfer my consciousness into a vegetable (Say, a pickle) and make a mech suit that allows me to recreate Die Hard using the rat corpses.
It looks like a job for the Australian Test Batsman!
Hunter's actually Aussie.

Gun is just going to slow you down, any self-respecting Aussie knows that the best way to combat an animal *drop*ping in from above is with a cricket bat.
Emphasis on the *brown* beret.

It used to be green, however.
Sure, but 10,000 small caliber bullets at once?

I think that's typically just called a "minigun"
Yup. The Papal pair of tighty whities.

They're called that because they're *holy*.
My personal theory is that there's always an heir, it's just a matter of finding who is the next one. Ever read Deltora Quest? There's this whole thing about the heir of the figure that united everyone to wield the magic belt, but in one of the later series' they work out that because that original guy had like 3-4 kids who also had a bunch of kids and so on that there's always someone next in line by blood, it was just hard to go back that far and trace family lineage all the way to more modern times to find another heir.
I personally run down the street in my underoos wielding a whipper snipper screaming like a madman and hitting all the mailboxes, apparently it works fairly well.
Cloud based apps wouldn't work even with WiFi because the server that the app connects to isn't likely built yet.
They even found his back alley.
Still got an hour, if you can't go from sober to passing out in that time then you're just not truly Australian I'm afraid.
At least you had that, you lucky bastard. My ancestors had to subsist off of a damp paper bag in a septic tank after going to school for 10 hours a day and working for 15 hours after that!
My headcanon is CHIM is just knowledge, how the specific person goes about applying that knowledge is up to them alone.