What's the resolution on those things?
Seré todo eso pero en mi vida he tenido sexo con un niño...hasta ahorita.
Since the confetti is pink, could've been a pregnancy baby sex reveal balloon thing (not sure what they are called}
It looked way to exact to be a coincidence
Sho lder er s u er s ould.

Am I doing it right?
Vaca muerta? Qué curiosa forma de llamarle al cerdo muerto.
Carne de pastor? Qué curiosa forma de llamarle a la carne adobada...
- me da una quesadilla.... **con queso** .... de champiñones por favor.
- no hay queso *werito*

Siempre...
#\#meme
At the end, this was what worked best for what I was trying to do. Using this + the scene overlay now it's close to impossible for her to get out of YouTube.

Thanks for the suggestion!
Is there a way to do so in Tasker besides using AutoInput to click on the link button?
I used a scene specifically to be able to exit this profile by tapping all 4 corners in less than 3 seconds, something that I think it's very unlikely she'll be able to do.

I'll take a look at this approach as well.
Does this have any impact on performance? I always thought that constantly checking this variable was a terrible idea.
I was looking g at the wrong plugin (duh) but yeah, for it to work it requires me having to factory reset my phone. And that's a lot of work to do for now.
I can't seem to find it... And I forgot to mention this, I'm on android 8.0, not rooted.
Hey cool, Elijah Wood and Daniel Radcliffe together at last.
A bad case of case case
This made me laugh more than it should. Good morning!
I didn't noticed at first the fucked up faces, for me, I think it was more of a fucked up 3D effect, where my left eye was seeing the right image and my right eye the left one.

My brain mashed the two images together in a new monstrous person, thought that was the black magic, until I tried it again and saw the intention of the gif. 2 black magic fuckeries for the price of one!
Where did you installed RetroArch from?
The other one is like

Fine, jeez, I'll take the green one!
First time for me too
Poor doggo 😞
/r/purrkour
Oh God, how can they fuck it up so badly?
Dato curioso, los rollos de sushi tal como los conocemos en México, son más coreanos que japoneses.
Donkey on a bongey
What is it?
7,000 calories, dude that's almost a whole week of food for me. Even when I pig out I can't imagine eating 7,000. Usually if I eat 2,000 or more in a single seating, it's the only food I'll have for a day
The end of religions
And then what if she decides to return herself on the store? No fun there.
It's all fun and games until she found da a bag on her own and tries this by herself.
This seems Ike a solution, will give it a try.

Thanks for taking the time to write such a detailed answer!
I'm more surprised they managed to crash again, and slower. Like if they really wanted to die.
That's a whole can of /r/gifsthatendtoosoon
/r/hittableFaces
It's about to get uninstalled, that's what​ it is.
Really need to clean that keyboard
T. Hanks
This is actually impressive
Are you bent on the middle?
/r/whyweretheyfilming
Yeah Mickey, eat a sandwich!
As a Mexican, yo, that jig still up?
So sorry for your loss. Sometimes my brain does this to me, and it literally just farts out the stupidest, most ignorant and sincere answer it can. Maybe this came out this way, but I could see the bittersweet intention on it.
I really loved the blobs, and the way they handle  the high five emoji (🙋). It's my favorite, but on every other instance of this emoji I hate it, there's no reason to make this a specific gendered emoji.

I would love it if they made a way to select your preferred emoji, like I don't mind the O emojis as ugly as they are, but at least allow me to continue using the blobs.
But the levels go to 1-4 then 2-1, so it's 8x4, so 32 laps?
Literally thought "Haaaayyyyy Jaaaaayyyyy" as soon as I saw the photo. God I hate her voice.
A little late but in Spanish, they're called "voladores de Papantla" which translates to Papantla's flyers. So yeah, the dudes are flyers.
They can't kill me if I kill myself first!
Poncho Egg
This is the real /r/sadcringe right there, might you find someone on your "league" buddy
On both my Moto X Play and Galaxy S7 it fails, running 6.0.1.
Yes, I can do that just fine but I'm looking for a way to automatically do so.
Tried granting document tree access but the error still occurs, either by Tasker copy action or shell command.
That's what I've been trying to do, I can trigger it correctly but the task fails .

I can see where the [USB gets mounted on](https://i.imgur.com/2sR33Bh.png), but tasker doesn't display [that route for me](https://i.imgur.com/JvI2i1D.png). If I [hard code it](https://i.imgur.com/R1706ph.png), I get an error while trying to [copy files.](https://i.imgur.com/xIRmJO4.png)

On FolderSync I get the same issue where I can't see where the USB drive is mounted.
Hypnopup knows all
He did a 5 minute speech, then asked the DJ to play their song and proceeded to dance it. The whole ordeal took something like 10 minutes, but at least we got to eat peacefully.
At our wedding, an uncle of my wife has led us if it would be fine if he did some shit for her wife on their 25th anniversary, we thought it was strange, but since we haven't eaten anything yet we told him to go nuts. Still cringey, we told our video girl to just leave that part out.
When I went to a fighting competition back when I did karate, my teacher told us that the first hit is the one that counts. Hit your opponent just right and fear will take over the rest. Whenever I see videos like this, it reminds me that. Just by the first punch you can see where this is heading.
I started a new work about a month ago, it takes me 3-4 hours to commute to and 2 from. It's hell, but I'm working on making it 2 and 1. Still a lot, but it will improve.
Es más fácil grabar y manejar así, así que lo dejaré pasar por esta vez.
Muy pocas maquiladoras ofrecen salarios buenos, un salario semanal de 4000 pesos te permite vivir modesta pero cómodamente,  la renta en los lugares céntricos suele ser más elevada.
Depende mucho del puesto y de lo que buscas en tu estilo de vida.

Si das.mas detalles de tu puesto y lo que esperas lograr estando aquí con gusto te ayudo.
She even seems to drop her phone there too, at the end she's picking it up.

That's what happens when you use a tablet to take pictures.
/r/swordorsheath
The phone was a prize that never got activated at at&t, I can't unlock it through them unless I activate it and use it for 6 months with them, so I need a service for this.
Whoops forgot to add, it's from at&t on the US
The town where this happened is small, not a lot of roads to cover and is a tourist destination, so lots of police and not much going on, specially this early, so yeah, lots of cops available.
I play on my 3ds and I noticed this. I was blaming ot on my router, when I play I tend to be like 3 or so meters away and I get some lag and the network seems sluggish. I recently switched my router so that seemed like the problem to me, I haven't had the time to test with my old router to see if that's the issue though.
Nice chirpers
Not really ugly, but your face has some masculine features to it and that's all you're seeing. It's not really all that bad, you just have to find a way to accentuate your feminine traits. 

You're on the above average scale, about a 6/10 but I see potential for an 8/10 in you.
Great video, I would like to have seen some other aspects of the game highlighted, like the way you discover metroid prime, it was a great build up up to that point. And the way the game foreshadows the sequels on the 100% ending.

Overall, I loved the video.
Sorry, I fixed my link, it's not the same video, but still it's interesting. I'm beginning to think that I fabricated the video with my imagination on the bad astronomy post.
Thanks, I remember reading this also, it's great really.
Should've shouted back with another name
he ded
That's what I was thinking, thanks for the info. I've never catch double Dedede, got to keep an eye for that one.
Wasn't this supposed to be like a myth? I think I've never seen one until now, and I think once some smasher said it didn't exist (can recall who). 
Stupid story time:

When I was a kid, I used to put like 10 of these on a glass bottle, and used another sparkler to light them all by dropping it in the bottle lit. The heat was so much, the fucking bottle would melt. This was so cool to do, until my mom found out where all the bottles where going.
You can use AutoHotKey on Windows to override ctrl + v to paste AND clear the clipboard
Curiously enough I was testing with %caller recently with no results, as an array it does the trick. Thanks!
Gracios
I could hook you up on 1, I got 2 on the promo and like another 2 lying around, pm if interested.
This is just perfect. It allows me to organize my accounts in groups and sub groups and does some of my budgets automatically.

And it evens works best with my Tasker setup, I only need to choose the category of my transaction on my bank accounts and the rest is automatic!

Thank you for this.
It's "los federales". It's plural.
This made me laugh more than it should. I mean, me too thanks.
Nardclup
Sería mejor para todos si pasas a recogerlo directamente a su casa
I saw this a while ago, it has to do with jeeezus of course, but the pastor also has them drinking gasoline.
I like the simplicity of an app, I tried using Google forms but I still like an app better.
I did a factory reset on my phone recently, and now when I open retroarch and load my config file it FC on me, each time.

I tried installing different builds but it seems the same for the last 3 for me.


Nah dude, aliens
I got this to work on an overkill way, I packaged my web app using Cordova and just installed it as a native app on my phone. This does all the trick.
I suspected this because how would that change the color? I mean this is in broad daylight, with the sun bombarding with UV light. Makes no sense a lamp changing the color.
I played the original red version and yellow to completion all 150 Pokemon + a cloned Mew, only way I could get him. This was my first experience on playing a game with a group of friends and it was great. After that when silver/gold came around I was a little put off of the idea of Pokemon and never picked up a game until soul silver. This was the best experience for me in Pokemon and it rekindled my love for the franchise. Since I have played platinum, y and alpha sapphire. Can't wait for sun/moon.
They sure did sported the hell out of that ball!
So 5 minutes to game's end, dude hits ball with hand trying to "save" the play but there was no danger. So now, the other team gets a free penalty kick, and possibly some punishment for the hand guy.

At least that's what I think it happened, not too much a fan of sportsball.
I'm on nightly, no stable builds in sight. It works OK, a part from the random reboot on Bluetooth connections on my car stereo every once in a while.
This is part of Android now, with ambient display, I'm not sure if gestures are a part of the core OS, but CM has an option to show ambient display on hand wave.

As far as I know, the OG still has this feature after the lollipop upgrade, and the X Play does have it also.
This is the reason why on my Moto X Play I just flashed CM. Only thing I miss is waking my phone with my voice. Other than that, no regrets.
This are the only times where Google is good to us Mexicans, these are 1 peso each (about 6 cents).
Yeah I fixed all my hot keys now. It was a while back since I messed with my scripts, when I tried adding new things was when I started getting this errors.

Took some reading again to remember but now everything is working fine and dandy. Thanks.
I guess we have a pretty good idea who recorded this
Patiently waiting on family plans for Google play music in Mexico. Any day now...
Was hoping Shia Labeouf's 349 clones. Was disappointed.
* Whenever I carry a baby I think of how easily I could end it's life. Like, just a snap and boom, dead. 
* When someone is meeting with me or calling me in a set time and they don't, I immediately think they must be dead and start to get anxious and nervous.
* When completely alone with someone, I think I could just kill them and try to see how much time I would go without being captured.

The list could go on, but those 3 are the most constant I guess. Not a psychopath or anything...
I'm not grasping what you mean, could you provide an example please?
It's on the header part of my code, right bellow the tool tips 
I just downloaded the app through apk mirror, and I can say, it's too little, too late for me. 

Having tried Reddit sync and Reddit is fun, this just seems a step backwards.
I take a perfectly working app and delete the source code painstakingly character by character, sometimes whole files at a time.

Yeah, but it's not necessary, look at Meowstic, it's completely different from male to female and it only takes 1 space. With Gallade and Gardevoir besides having different names, they where introduced in different generations and are even different types. Nidoran are the same type, removing 1 Pokemon from the Dex is not that bad when it just makes more sense being that way.
Exactly, or like when a new evolution or pre-evolution is added on a new generation of an older Pokemon.
Wait, like, in the same mosquito?
Nah dude, I witnessed a mosquito flying into my cousin's eye once.
Or paternity tests?
So I found out that if save on exit is enabled, it saves using the core name as a filename. I just started using that file and I no longer get duplicated files.
It seems to not be working on Android in general, or at least it's not working for me either.

I don't know if it was a version in specific, but a little while ago I could earn achievements on GBA, but as I am now, not quite. I'm on the latest nightly. 
You calling me untrustworthy?
Nah, my dad works with wood, all the fingers intact. I know people without fingers but mostly it's by clumsy work around table saws or routers.

Not saying there's no risk, hell if you put your head in there, yeah, it'll kill you. That's not the point, the gif shows a correct safe use for the saw.

This is more /r/oddlysatisfying than anything. No major risks involved.
My wife and I decided one morning to get married, and started planning the wedding way before I even gave her an engagement ring.

I gave her one like a month before our wedding, no backing out of that one.
Most people would have seen the ads, this acts more as a reminder. Not saying they're not crappy, just a bad use of an idea of a good ad campaign that seems out of context in a simple glance.
I get where you're going, but these ads where so widespread you had to be completely out of touch to not see them. 
Part of the ad campaign is having all the men without shirts, kinda to show there's no shame in being shirtless. In Mexico, most women say as an excuse they get ashamed to get a mammogram.
You just don't know the context, this is an ad campaign to encourage women to take breast exams. It shows men asking their mothers, aunts, sisters and whatnot to have a mammogram.

Can't find the source on a quick search, but trust me, I'm Mexican.
I recently bought a new 3ds xl, and I migrated from my old one. Since my o3ds already had a micro SD card with an adapter, I just put that on my n3ds when done. Trouble was that my n3ds didn't boot if the SD card was inserted.

I first made a backup and formatted the SD and re-downloaded everything, but since I wanted my old progress back I decided to experiment.

I could boot up without an SD card and then insert the o3ds migrated data. So I started deleting stuff to see if anything changed. And lo and behold. When I deleted ironfall my n3ds booted correctly.

Maybe it had to do something with my o3ds and the ironhax entry point, but that did it for me.
After doing this, I can't boot to homebrew launcher with menu hax or browser hax, is there anything else I have to do?

The downgrade went OK as far as I can tell.
After doing this, I can't boot to homebrew launcher with menu hax or browser hax, is there anything else I have to do?

The downgrade went OK as far as I can tell.
I have both, and tried using old eshop downloaded to get another entry point.


I always think when I lose money or get ripped off, that some how karma will deliver and I'll get my money back. And most of the time I do find money, usually it's just money I didn't know I had (like in jackets or suits). 

Other times I find some cash in the street or while walking my dog, on those occasions I just give it away and hope karma keeps on rolling.
Thanks man, I will definitely be doing this then!
I'm thinking on doing this to my o3DS. I just have some questions.

1. I have legit eshop titles downloaded, what will happen to those?
2. Will I be able to play games like smash online?

If I'm correct, these games will run on emunand, right?
In Mexico we have "chingar", it can be used as a verb, adjective, noun and adverb. 
I have a 10.3 and I can run the homebrew channel, I'm thinking of downgrading, my question are: 
1. Would I still be able to ply games like smash online?
2. What will happen to my legit bought eshop games? Will I be able to ply them on the downgraded fw?

Or will I need to flash a cfw to do that?

So... Bullshit is called, I'm OK with this, but where's the proof? I call bullshit on your bullshit claim if no proof is presented!
JAAAAAAMES BAXTER!
Yeah I know but it was the only one readily available to me for now.

I will look into wood r4 for now, thanks.
Looks more like tits covered up with a molten snowman
If you look at the traffic light, it was about to change to red. The car was booking it to get across in time. I always hate stupid shit like this.

Yeah, wait 1 minute of my life in order to cross this street? Nah, I'll just cross while cars are constantly passing! They'll wait, they have to.
It's not that I'm going to die what scares me, it's the way in going to die that does. Not just for me, but for the people around me. I don't want them suffering. I don't want to be bedridden for too long.
OMG, it's Taylor Swine!
Yeah I enabled auto-save and changed my settings and closed it. Then on a file explorer edited the file to turn it off. Now it works alright.
Closing it from the menu. I'm on version 1.2.2 from the play store on a moto x play on Android 5.1.1
Por lo regular están dentro de las plazas de la tecnología, yo visite una en Puebla y otra en el DF
Who says I'm not?
No context required.
My girl takes a mouthful and sits while chewing, she swallows and then stands, grabs another mouthful and repeats. Unless she's really hungry, in which case she doesn't sit and eats normally, but not as a savage.
I so know people, but would prefer not to bother them, so digital seems the best option for now.
Great, I'll try with them later!
But what is oddly satisfying in that?
What am I looking for here?
Yo, that's not a "taco".
I get the point on the Zelda criticism of Arin, I just don't think it destroys the game. Enemies can't wail on you all the time and link can't wail on enemies at all times. It's part of the mechanics. As for brawl / melee, yeah those characters are broken, and its due to some oversight or whatever reason, but melee is not without it's flaws also. As I said, they improved on some aspects, but fucked up on others (damn you tripping!)
Well, Sonic games were terrible from the start, so every new game is better at sucking than the previous.
I'm from Tijuana so I can confirm that:

1) Yeah we love shining stuff so much we adore the sun

2) One in every corner

3) None of them, too occupied by donkeys

4) They tend to watch the donkey show so they won't mind you

5) As long as you can prove you are a republican


You're welcome.
I really like sequelitis but I can't agree on many of the points in the OOT one. Yeah the game isn't perfect, but many of the points made by Arin aren't flaws, just his personal taste in games.

As jontron said in one video (can't recall which one), every new game is inherently better than its predecessor, it takes in the good parts and improves on the bad ones.

Hate as much as you want it, but in my opinion skyward sword is a better game than OOT in many ways. The gameplay is one of the best of the series and the story felt so personal and touching.

My personal favorite 3D Zelda is Windwaker, which I think they nailed the formula down on this one, every further sequel has been tweaking with it's core for better or worse, but they always give us an excellent game.
Is it normal to have some hairs growing on my penis? Like sometimes 2 or 3 hairs will grow a little above the base of my penis. 
When I was about 4 or 5 I played the original Zelda for the NES, this was while I was learning English so I didn't read the instruction booklet. I assumed the character's name was Zelda, as in the game's title, so I named him Zelda. So there I was on the second quest of Zelda giving it my all, just barely completing the first 3 or 4 dungeons when I gave up for a while.

Then I started reading the manual when I was about 7 and found out the character's name was actually Link, so I create a new file and named him Link, and I start playing, and finding differences between the dungeons on both files. I keep on going and beat the game and when presented with the second quest, then I found I was playing on "hard mode" before.
A game of buttball
At least stop before taking the picture
I remember hearing once from a teacher that fast food joints like mc donlad's  are designed in a way to get you out the door as soon as possible after you finish your meal. That's why they always have uncomfortable seating. Maybe people don't mind their back hurting and just stay for hours on end.
Wished I saw the comments before that crapfest of image comments on mobile. Seriously OP, what the fuck?

Your story though, glad to see it was on your favour.
When you make a taco, don't put cheese on it. Tacos don't have cheese.
This is the first time we've had an issue like this, I will mention this to the mechanic, thanks.
I only learned this the hard way unfortunately, also CVT transmissions in general seem to have their faults.
It was rebuilt, the old one gave out on us to a point were it struggled on easy slopes

Thing is the transmission was serviced recently, and all was fine and dandy until yesterday. In the evening tough it behaved normally again. I will take it in for a check on the weekend, in the mean time its gonna sit in the driveway.
Yea thanks, /u/TheB4ron linked me the manual and it appears it is due to the transmission fluid. I will take it in the shop and hope everything is fine.
Will do that, thanks for the info.
Not yet as I'm not near her, will do as soon as I get there
I can see how this is funny
Had to Google to know what was an "Urkel", and shit, I believe it had!
Most of my friends where from college, and when we graduated we would still hang out occasionally. When I introduced them my girlfriend, I knew things wouldn't work out mostly because they didn't went along as I hoped. She felt kind of awkward when we where together with my friends, in comparison when I were with her friends for example. 

So little by little I got invited less and less to hang out with them, most of them got married and we weren't invited, things like that.

It didn't really bothered me. I met new friends soon and we all can hangout at a party or a bar without problems.

I think most of the problem is with the situation you meet people. When I met my friends at college, we all were single so we could do most stuff together, so when we started dating we changed our ways of living and the people near you have to adjust or just cut ties with you. The new friends you meet know you have a girlfriend or wife and they accept that.

Just try to not think too much of it, new friends will come and go anyways.
I think the NFC tag would not help in my case because I would forget to scan it. I tried using AutoVoice but that requires waking up my phone (I miss the stock functionality of my Moto X on this one) unless I activate continuous listening and that seems to drain my battery.

I set up AutoLocation and will test on a few minutes when I leave for home.
A tag would solve most problems but I would tend to forget to scan it, I'm into a more automatic solution.
I already do this, I just needed something to turn it on only when needed. AutoLocation seems to do that, will test in a few minutes when I go home.
I set up AutoLocation now, I will test it when I go home in a few minutes. Hope everything goes well!
Mostly because I sometimes turn it off manually so it doesn't connect to other things and I forget to turn it on when I drive.
Will try this out, thanks
I have BT off most of the time, I need something to turn it on automatically
When I was about 20, a couple of friends and I went roller skating when they found out I've never done it before. Many times I ended on my ass, but just as I was getting the hang of it, I passed near 2 cute girls sitting on the floor and I fell right in front of them. They stared at me and before they could say anything I said "Hi, nice to meet you!". They just giggled and whispered something while I stood up to carry on.

They came up to me and hold my hands and said they could help me out so I wouldn't fall anymore.

It didn't go on from there because they kept trying to lie to me about everything. But my friends sure were jealous!
I know resting bitch face is a thing, there should be something like future hamplanet body. She has the face of a fat person, her body just grow to match it.

Let's call it FHB for short.
Can't confirm right now as I am on my phone, but that's the least of your troubles if you have a smart tv from Samsung.

If it has a microphone, it will record at all times, even when off. Says so on the terms and conditions.

They also know what you're watching, every like 20 minutes they send a frame to be analyzed and compared to major tv channels for "statistic" analysis.

Just don't buy a smart tv. 
I tried this but I still can't see it :(
Is there any way to bring it back? I got rid of it that way but I thought it would only hide it in the lockscreen, but now I can't see it anywhere.
2 years?  Naw, they grow fast. Especially if she's a husky (looks like one). I used to had one, he stopped being puppy-size at 6 months!
/r/thatHappened
Grasshoppers. 

I do not know why, just hate them and don't want to be close to them. 
Life.

My priorities are elsewhere right now, I mostly play 3DS and Android games since it's easier for me to invest time on them. I do plan on getting a Wii U, even my wife would play it! But just not now, we need a second car more than a console.
This would be a terrible sub plot for the next toy story
I don't want to put my self in twitter shoes, but if I knew ISIS was coming, I'd put up a fight before giving them a chance of tying my hands. I know they said they would come for their families, but even if I surrendered they could still kill them.

The whole thing is just sad.
This really needs a *beep* *beep* motherfucker somewhere
Mexican here, from Tijuana. It was really sad, I remember I was about to go to school when I saw the news, and just stood there, watching in disbelieve what was happening in the TV.

I was about 13, but I knew that this would affect the whole world. The first change I noticed, since I crossed to the US every now and then, the wait time went from 20 minutes to 2 hours, before they didn't even bother checking our visas, and now they checked every one.
In high school I once told a friend that hair gel was made from elephant semen. The next day he went to school with no gel on.
And we love her, if she didn't lose as much fur as she does I would have no problem with her being inside all the time
We let he in at times, but she loses fur like crazy :(
We let her in, but she mainly stays outside, but she knows we have to allow her first

Mi cerebro tuvo una hemorragia intentando leer esto
From Mexico, Fobia is my favorite band, and I think they are an underated band overall. I really love ther song "Miel del escorpión" (Scorpion's Honey)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_sUTlFN5fg

I really love the way they create this sort of "ambiance" in the song and the changes in tempo. The lyrics speak of the wait, the pain and anguish of being in love without being reciprocated, and being so sick and mad that you just want to end it all, the lyrics say "Dame miel del escorpión para curar mi corazón de penas, yo se que volverás a mí" (Give me the scorpion's honey to cure my heart of worries, I know you will return to me), it just hits me in the right spot. It's well worth a listen, even if you can't understand Spanish.
This is one of those songs that as a kid I didn't really think about it as I sang along, but when you grow up and start to understand the lyrics, it's a really sad and beautiful song
This is what nightmares are made of
What really strikes me the most is that d she was rocking it, she had a great body. Why? Just why.
TIL I'm slightly overweight :(
Isn't the whole BMI system inaccurate? I remember reading something about how it is used simply because it's faster and cheaper
Why is this on funny? 
I'm not saying any of this is OK or anything, in fact fuck those kids, but come on, what did that photographer expect seeing a girl being pushed into a fountain and thinking "I need a picture of this"?

Personally, this makes my blood boil more than the pushers.
Reversed repost of this http://www.reddit.com/r/sloths/comments/25s6ob/_/
TIL my wife is in hell
Because I was born in Tijuana 
I live in Tijuana, never have I seen any Mexican workers at a factory take a nap. On the other hand, a good number of my Korean bosses take naps all the time on working hours.
Oh god you horrible person, you made me spill my coffee!
That's not an albino turtle, it's just a shiny one, quick, catch it!
Not gonna lie, that's the only thing I wanted to see and immediately closed the video after I saw it was  6 minutes long
Once I had a final project in college I was behind by a lot, and due date was in 2 days. The nights leading to this were short sleep, something like 3-4 hours, so by this time I was already losing my mind. I decided there was no way I could finish in time so I slept from 12 am to 3 am and started working 2 days before. I completely skipped the next night of sleep, and by then I was having a cup of coffee every 40 minutes or so. I finished the project at 6 am on the due day, I even skipped my bath that day because I was supposed to hand it in at 7. needless to say the way to school I went by bus, trying my hardest not to fall asleep. My project went better than expected and was graded greatly. I still had to attend some classes, so I had to stay on school until 2 pm. At this point i was starting to day dream hard, even having conversations i don't remember having. Went home and slept from 4 pm until 10 am off the next day.
I intended to send notifications from JavaScript using dropbox, but I ended using powershell for most of my notifications, since most came from the PC anyways. The only ones that don't, I did trough PHP, still I wish jquery was supported.
So no way to make this a feature request?
I might get flamed for this, but for laptops, Dell is always my first choice. My first one was a Dell and it worked well 5 years and just died when my sister dropped a glass of water on it. An aunt had hers with some Wi-Fi problems and Dell fixed it for free even after the warranty was over. My current laptop is a Dell N7010 and I've had it for almost 3 years now, still happy.