That's how you get the corporate ppl to agree to us using Haskell.
Happy birthday? What's that? Never heard that term before.
Hunt for the real Kraken!
So confused...
The most ambitious cross over in history
I love the guy sitting there not paying attention to anything happening around him. He's really into whatever is on that PC.
In college I knew this girl who was from Buffalo and she hated when people refered to upstate as "anything north of NYC" (the college had a good amount of NYCers). She would say that Buffalo was not upstate. 

Well there was this milk you could find all over campus (probably was the supplier for the campus) call "upstate farm". I showed her that the headquarters of the company were in Buffalo. She was no happy.
> 5km, 1.6km/s

Coming in a little hot in there...
Real estate is pretty valuable. 
You can put a science lab on it and convert science data into science. This way you don't need to land your craft. You can also use it to level up kerbals without landing. 

I also have a set of escape pods on mine. These a just a set of command modules that have just enough Delta V to de orbit along with a heat shield and parachutes. This allows me to deorbit kerbals that were...for some reason... stuck out there and I want them back on the planet. 

As others mentioned, they also work great as a fueling station, but that's more of a late game thing.
I thought that was part of the joke. You just say circa regardless.
> After his successful creation, his wife hasn't complained about his cooking once and is said to be very satisfied with his invention.

I can hear her: "yes, I am very happy with it. It is the BEST invention ever, right, you are a genius" as she rolls her eyes.
The bandits probably met the same fate. She now hunts them in the afterworld.
But how much to remember the name?
Add an extra pipe length to all your outputs from the refinary, that way they can all underground down and up instead of having that weird bend for the heavy oil.
This is awesome! Should be added to the wiki.
Probably didn't even make a bus. Stick to rocket science Musk, factories are serious business. 
Nonsense, Musk just needs a better belt designer. Hire a factorio pro.
I didn't even know stablecoins was a thing people were doing (or at least trying). Isn't the whole point of crypto currency that libertarians wanted digital gold?
I don't think the technical know how's are that hard, nor do you even need to know them that well. 

For the most part you just fork an existing coin, write a white paper explaining what this new coin will do "save the environment with crypto". Release. Make a subreddit, pay McAfee for a tweet, and keep advertising. Then announce the ICO, get money, find a nice meme to put up on your website and then to the Bahamas. 

I don't even think you even have to set up any actual servers.
OMG! That is amazing! One thing that often happens for me is that the mines starts to deplete but idk about it until I start to notice that my trains aren't bring stuff in. This will finally allow me to get ahead of that. Thanks!
Every time I hear about these, I ask myself "why don't I just do that? These people make it seem to easy". 

Then freaking morals get in the way.
What I don't get is, how is that an ICO? If they were building an AI to do cyrpto trading, how does a "coin" come into play? Wouldn't that just be a product?
http://tmsearch.uspto.gov/bin/showfield?f=doc&state=4802:4i5vjz.4.10

http://tmsearch.uspto.gov/bin/showfield?f=doc&state=4802:4i5vjz.6.1
Yes, Oracle also has a trademark on Java.

You seem to be stuck on the concept that this is just a word. It is just a word, like apple, but it can be trademarked, like Apple. 
It is a trademark, like how Pepsi owns the trademark "Pepsi".

EDIT: extra word.
I seriously think the only reason Pornhub did this is JUST so they can say "the future has cum". 
That's probably why no one is marrying her.
Wait, they asked for donations to do this thing? Does anyone have the history of verge written down? I've only been following lightly but it sounds hilarious.
Wondering the same. Since hermaphrodites aren't a thing in DF (as far as I know), I guess that's gender plus sexual orientation? Though there are a lot of bisexuals so maybe that's not it.
Interesting that they market the price in US dollars, not verge coins.
Is verge not annoymous? I don't know much about it except it is the "new hot thing". Their site claims to be anonymous...
Wait, that's it? That was all the big "payment system" drum up was about? Daheck?
As I understand it, Cohen isn't doing illegal stuff, just shady stuff. Paying a Playboy model hush money isn't illegal, neither was the payment to Stormy Daniels. But there's a pattern and probably Hannity also had some affair and that's why he went to Cohen. 

Now maybe he did do something to warrant Mueller's wrath, but ofc that evidence won't be released for some time.
Your comment was about Hannity and whether he did something illegal by protecting (via his show) or being a client of Cohen. And I said that's not about legality, it just looks bad. 

As far as we know, at this moment, Hannity hasn't done anything illegal. He just happens to be associated with people who may have done something illegal.
It isn't about legality (at least not yet), it is about how it looks.
Your videos are what taught me Factorio, got your GDrive saved on my account. 

So sorry you were denied benefits, makes no sense from my point of view: medical reasons are usually why people are given benefits.
Getting major dejavu.
And at the end of the day, they still took over europe. 
We are told from an early age that = means equals. It doesn't start to mean assignment until you learn programming. We are never told what symbol modulo is, so there is no overriding of concepts. 

Again, this isn't a issue, just a factoid. You're the one try it to make it an issue.
Calm down dude, no one said this was an "issue", the article is just writing down the history of `=`. 

I actually wondered myself multiple times why `=` means assignment.
The planet has finite resources, which is why we are now getting into space commercialization. We will eventually get those resources. The universe has plenty of resources. 

> Most of our experience of economics is based on an endless cycle of printing money and a growing population and economy.

Not sure what you mean. As you saying that a growing population and economy aren't a good thing? Would you prefer to go back to the zero-sum economies of the old times? 

Though population growth is going down, so maybe that'll solve it for us.
Idk if you are trolling at this point or truly don't understand economics 101, but just in case:

> So to sum up Bitcoin is bad because:

> People will save it
> Bitcoin can be lost down the [virtual] couch

> Explain how this is different to fiat again?

The problem with saving and destroying money is that it deflates the currency. Fiat has a mechanism to counter that deflation. Bitcoin does not.
How did u get that UI?
Who cares about that particular $100 bucks (except u, who just lost 100 bucks)? The point is that we (society as a whole) have managed to successfully counter the deflation that burning $100 caused by making a new $100 note (inflating the currency).
I don't think I've ever heard that saying. 
Someone has been playing for a bit too long.
That's fine. We can make a new $100 note.
You can make more fiat. 
This isn't my issue
I feel like you could just push it.
That's an evolutionary point of view, but normally evolutionary impulses aren't conscious. No one ever says "I should reproduce as much as possible so my DNA can survive", people just think "sex feels good, I want sex". 

It is possible this doctor had some mental issue where he did think about stuff purely from an evolutionary pov.
I don't understand what the motive of such an action would be. Is it some sick fantasy of being the father of many people? Or some deranged view of evolution where he said to himself "I must reproduce as many times as possible". Or some domination crap, similar to how rapists think.
Idk...it is the Sun. 

Though if it was real, what reason could there be? I couldn't read the article because damn as keeps coming up telling me my phone is infected.
Would love to see the context of this
I made the huge mistake of not baking Bernie because "she has more experience", and look where we are. 

Yes she has no political experience but at this point I've accepted that we have entered the celeb politicians age. Besides, she isn't Cuomo and that's good enough for me (I'm aware I'm pulling a trump supporter move here, just don't care anymore).

Cynthia for governor, Kanye West 2020, bring it on!
On all levels, except physical, he is a wolf. 
What? I thought this wasn't possible.
What? They've been doing that? Anyone has some examples?
> Go against a mirror. and spit on the face you see there.
But why can't u use reichtangle?
Wait, what? You can't? Wasn't the German Empire in effect until the end of the war?

https://www.wikiwand.com/en/List_of_German_flags#/German_Empire_(1871%E2%80%931918)
Best legs, best outfit, best body, best voice. 
It is 1.4.2, they changed, for some reason, the way contract parameters work. 

It is pretty bad, even switching vessels with `[` and `]` causes a new set of parameter notifications to come up. 

This is a pretty bad bug and I'm surprised squad hasn't hotfixed it yet. 
Wait, the anti virus McAfee guy? Why the heck is he involved in this? And why does anyone care about what he says about some cryptocoin? Specifically if he's selling the promotion openly.
Or one of those flinging things in pinball tables.
Why is OP drawing the confirmation line so early? Looking at that site it seems you can only draw that line after you exit the dip. 

Oh, is that where the "psychic" part comes in?
Is the logo a ping pong table?
Well it isn't the same because currencies (USD and bolivares) are used for more than just buying each other: there are whole economies from which they gain their value. 

I think his argument is that crypto currencies are a closed system. Money comes in and then just bounces between coins back and forth. If so then that means one going down causes them all to go down. The perception of the whole thing crashing also help. Bitcoin, being the oldest one, probably means is the one gluing it all together, so it going down probably causes major waves on all others.
One of my co workers who deals with this stuff told me it is because most alt coins are converted to Bitcoin and back. According to him, most people don't buy alt coins with fiat due to fees, so most transactions happen been Bitcoin and some altcoin. Which ofc means that all altcoins follow Bitcoin almost to the dot. 

Idk of this is true or not, that's what he told me.
/=
Pretty sure Spain would have a problem with calling it Spanish. When I went there I noticed everyone called it Casteñano, which is the official name of it. But outside of Spain everyone calls it Spanish. 

I wonder if it has to do with people trying to avoid calling it Spanish since there are many language in Spain.
> Taxes are due

That's what I say whenever I ask someone "what makes Bitcoin be a currency?" And they say "what makes USD a currency" (I know John Oliver made a joke about that but I have heard that IRL). 

At the end of the day taxes are due and the US government wants USD.
So you want a central agency to print more money? Interesting....
Is it a private club? As I understand it, private clubs can discriminate as much as they please.
"well it worked with your gayness, maybe it'll work this time"

"Yeah. Oh btw, Bob and I are gonna go camping this weekend"

"Again? You two really like camping. Don't overdo it, you couldn't sit for a week after last time".
Because of the civil rights act.
Not sure why you are stating that, I never argued the opposite.
Not sure I follow. Net neutrality is a different issue. 
That's not really a first amendment question, but a stature. The civil Rights act (federal and passed by states) have certain restrictions on what criteria businesses can decline service to people (everything is allowed except for certain classes of people). 

Now whether the civil Rights act (in it's many forms) violate the first amendment is a different question and I'm no SCOTUS.
tl;dr: YouTube isn't a government agency, but a private entity. 

I always find it funny whenever people yell about the first amendment when it comes to FB, Google, Twitter or other businesses: the first amendment only applies to the government, not to private businesses.
How do you do that?
Ckan says it isn't compatible with 1.4.
What part/mod allows that motion?
> You need to have the ability to make the pie bigger, not split it into more slices.  

This is one of the biggest question marks I have of Bitcoin is that: how do you make the pie bigger? It seems Bitcoin is a step backwards, to the days when wealth-gaining was a zero-sum game: if you made money, you took it from someone. Which is why so many religions have adversion to rich people, if you were rich it meant you did something bad. For most of our history this was the case: the pie didn't get bigger, it just got split into many pieces or merged into bigger pieces.

It wasn't really until the invention of debt that this was resolved. Now people can bet on business to make new wealth (a baker getting a loan to start a bakery. All wealth that bakery makes is new wealtg that didn't exist before and the baker didn't need to steal from anyone). This causes the pie to grow, making the whole world wealthier. Ofc this cause inflation and deflation as the economy breathes, which means you need to control how much capital is in the system (printing more money or making loans less desirable) and I simply cannot see how Bitcoin can do that. You need a central organization to make those decisions.

Why the hell would we want to go back to a zero-sum economy?
That's like my first rocket in KSP.
I thought I was in /r/kerbalspaceprogram.

> Kraken ate my money

Wait, I still think I'm in /r/kerbalspaceprogram
Man, that visa vs buttcoin comparison was brutal.
I know the feeling, I used to feel the same but I've learned to not care about that number. I still get my ass kicked (I am by no means a pro) but at least I have fun and don't feel like I'm just getting completely destroyed. 

At the end of the day, if you aren't having fun then it isn't worth it (it will also make it more challenging to get better).
Don't do casual, do ranked. Casual sets you up against random people. Ranked will, well, rank you against people on your level. That way you get a slow, fun progression.
Big Bang, that bastard.
How did you get trees and fences?
I thought it was funny.
...I still don't get it. Is this supposed to be funny?
It's an old episode, like pre movie.
Just play ranked. I never understood the point of casual mode in any competitive game. You want to be set up against people in your skill level, so you want to have some sort of "ranking" system to do this. Sure you can lose ranking but that's fine, it means you should be at a lower ranking so you can play with people at your level. 

I always find it funny whenever people play non-ranked in competitive games (like Dota and LoL) and then complain that matchmaking is broken because they were setup against people who are too strong or too weak.
Well that looks like a school, and he is sitting there, so given the current information I say he does. What makes u say he doesn't?
What do you think the fellowship was? It was a parcel service.
Probably a white family living in subsaharan Africa (maybe missionaries?) and this is their kid attending school.
Well Google has setup honeypots for Bing in the past: https://searchengineland.com/google-bing-is-cheating-copying-our-search-results-62914
So is Hercules France?
I don't get it.
What's with the antenna at the front?
Yes but only up to 2km.
Second KSC?
Most of my complains come from the new collections library. It seems they are planning on keeping the confusing inheritance tree (with the same concepts, like IterableOnce). `flatMap` and `map` are still `special` things (instead of it being an interface). Overall the language still feels like it "wants" to be haskell but refuses to make the jump, causing confusion (we want `implicit`s to behave correctly when used for typeclasses, but still maintain the idea that `implicit`s are just a language feature and typeclasses are just a pattern) and inefficiency. 

Overall, it seems dotty is more of a rewrite of scalac (which I'm not complaining about, I can do with fewer scalac errors) and not the overall redo of Scala that I was hoping for. Maybe I was just hoping for too much but I was hoping that dotty would make doing FP-typesafe scala less awkward.
Try enough and you are bound to get better.
SegWit is getting a SegFault.
Lol. *Looks at OP's name*. Wait, what? Are you serious? If so, you are on the wrong sub dude.
Why can't you see any stars? I'm having a similar issue where no stars get rendered (had to disable all my graphics mods).
When will death liberate me from this Despicable hell.
I don't have a lot of hope for it. As a Scala dev I was looking forward to it but looking at some of the code (and some of the conversations happening in the proposals), I feel the Scala team is repeating the same mistakes they did in scalac. 

We'll see I guess, but I'm not holding my breath.
....I upvote him. I thought we were all in on the joke.
The longer someone stays in power, the more likely they are to be reelected. People simply start to associate government with that person to the point that the idea of someone else doing it becomes ridiculous. There's also the fact that that person has more time to consolidate power on themselves.

Russia has this problem at the moment.
The artist didn't know how to draw, just knew ksp.
> it said "send nudes"
https://www.reddit.com/r/bojackhorseman/comments/7xlc0b/_/
Items thrown don't hit people who are very close to you.  This used to not be the case (long time ago) but got changed due to people being able to pick up the item right away and throw it again (causing some really frustrating gameplay).
"if you wanna cash you, you have to get people to join"

Yep, that's a pyramid scheme alright.
One of the girls is calling the other one a fake (since she just started doing crypto and is already working for a crypto magazine). 

The accuser is herself a crypto fan, but her Twitter profile doesn't mention her doing anything with it (except being a fan). 

The accuser seems to be jelly of the accused, and theorizes that the accused, given her limited experience in crypto and good looks, must have gotten the position due to her looks or/and by doing sexual favors to the boys in the magazine.
So it is tough because men get no support? What kind of support are they lacking? 

Your explanation is too abstract for me to follow. Do you have an example of something we do for women that we need to start doing for me?
I don't follow. How is manhood tough?
For Ctags, I recommend `stags`: https://github.com/pjrt/stags

It is like ctags, but is aware of Scala's syntax (so it produces more a more efficient tags file). 
Wow
Damn dude, mark this as NFSW.
Being on death row for a long amount of time isn't unusual, I'm fact it is on purpose. If you appeal the ruling, and drag your feet, you get to live longer so ofc lawyers of people sentenced to death are gonna appeal as much as they can and drag their feet at it too. This also gives them more time to try to find some new evidence that can cancel the sentence. 

This is the number one reason a life sentence is cheaper (for the state) than a death sentence. The death sentence just makes no sense in the US, neither morally or financially.
PTT was the driver behind the pivot, but PTT was opposed by both sides of the isle. Hillary herself said she was against it (whether this was just her trying to get on the populist movement or not can be argued). But blaming Trump's election as the reason for the cancellation is unfair. 

Now everything Trump has done is dumb, yes.
Oops, not sure how I missed that
> including Vietnam, South Korea, Somalia, 

Well, those countries make sense (except for Somalia), they are near China, how did they end up in Argentina? Does China have a fishing deal with South American countries?

Edit: not Somalia
Mostly an overall shift in priorities. The cancellation of the pivot to Asia and the lack of American interest in Africa are the two biggest signs of a decrease in American global hegemony, which China is taking full advantage of. 

It seems that after the failures in the middle east the US just lost the appetite for foreign intervention.
I'm confused, where did this happen? Normally these fishing incidents happens because the two countries have nearby water claims. How did Chinese fishing vessels end up all the way in Argentina?
> NEO’s cofounder, has claimed that NEO is able to support 1000 transactions per second

Well that's better than Bitcoin, sure, but it is still garbage compared to the number transactions per second traditional systems do.
I don't even get what this is trying to say. 
When we had that bomb issue in bus terminal, my first thought was "will this affect my commute". I then realized that was my first thought and felt bad. But I still checked the map to see if it did. It did not.
The guy seems to be enjoying this...
There are three inevitable things in life: death, taxes and ads. Though I'm not sure about that first one.
Gun problem? What gun problem? There is no gun problem. Now the porn problem, that's where the problem is.
I don't get it, it sounds like this is gonna be used for voting, except you have to pay for voting. And how is any of that related at all with space? These people are just trying to ride the space hype.
You statement wasn't about quantity, it was about whether it happened or not. It did.
> He actually looks disappointed when I'm done with the assignment

"Sigh, I wonder what fuck up he did now"
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Journey_to_the_West

Journey to the West is a Chinese story which is where all of the "monkey king" characters in all games comes from. 

Ironically enough, the monkey king isn't even the main character in the story (but I can see why he's the most popular).
Well, the water is special in that it is clean. Believe it or not, most places (anywhere, not just in foreign lands but in the US too) have water problems: water is just a problem for most people in the world. NYC is one of those few cities where water just isn't an issue at all due to the fact that it is on the northeastern US (which is a region with plenty of clean water supply). 

So I can see why people might start to attribute the water to everything, including NYC's famous bagels, but no, it is just a technique that is more expensive to do so most places don't do it. 
The secret isn't actually the water: https://www.npr.org/sections/thesalt/2015/05/21/405190434/chew-on-this-the-science-of-great-nyc-bagels-its-not-the-water

This is what's confusing: this is no secret, not sure why anyone else doesn't just do that too.

EDIT: I should have re-read that. It says the reason most other places don't do it is that it is cheaper and faster to NOT boil. 
U didn't cover his name in all cases. And yeah, I hate how the word millennial just means "people I don't like". 
Buy gold! 
> Some cats are super chill with water

Yep: https://youtu.be/SDfV-6UfvAk
/r/buttcoin
I was buying one a day vitamins and noticed that there were men vs women ones. At first I thought it was just some dumb marketing but apparently they are different. 

https://well.blogs.nytimes.com/2016/12/09/do-men-and-women-need-separate-multivitamins/

Tldr: iron quantities seems to be the main difference.
I don't follow what problem they are solving. They say that the problem is "trust", but what trust? The common issue with online dating is trust of the person's profile (aka, people lie). How does this solve this? The only trust issue I see this "solving" is trust of the dating company itself (aka, tinder) but that has never been an issue.  

Can someone ELI5 their reasoning?
I thought we just really like butts.
Because regardless of the "coin" part, Bitcoin isn't a currency, it is an asset. Now the confusing part is that it is an asset that has literally no value whatsoever. 

I see Bitcoin similar to stocks: they can go up because of speculation and then resettle. 
Stocks, however much speculation you do, still at the end of the day have some tether to the real world: the company and its profits. So, ofc, you can plan and adjust based on how the company is doing. Bitcoin is what happens when someone decides that they want to do the speculation but without any sort of tether to reality. 

Now, this isn't actually true, bitcoin DOES have a tether to reality: drugs, sex and other "dark net" shit. So you could say that the amount of criminal activity is tied to Bitcoin's price but for the most part, it is just speculation. 
Why are they holding stuffed animals? Is that their trophy?
[pun related to Albert Einstein]
I heard that the Murdoch's kids are now starting to take over his businesses, and they are liberals (or so I heard).
For someone with a gun to her face, she looks pretty calm.
I don't know what's happening. What were they doing?
/r/holdmycosmo
I think she is just bragging about still being fit when pregnant. Would no have been my first choice...
Is this just cuz of the bot? Meh, a lot of subs I follow use it. I do find it odd that this sub uses it. Most other subs that use it are strict-moderation subs like /r/neutralpolitics
[Great YouTube video explaining Diogenes](https://youtu.be/-A3IlRATIsI)
> Prior to the dance, which is voluntary, students are told to fill out a card, selecting five people they want to dance with. And the administration says if there`s someone on the card you feel uncomfortable with, the student is encouraged to speak up.

So this school encourages ranking people? Cuz that's pretty much what that is. 
Is this just fear of new stuff? These people sounds like the dance is being cancelled completely. You can still go and dance with your daughter dude.
Must be a joke post, no one can be that dumb.
The Constitution applies to anyone who is in the US (law of the land, remember?). It makes almost no mention of citizenship except when it comes to who gets it (anyone born in the US or to US parents or nationalised people) and when it comes to who can run for president.
It is just marketing. There's an saying in the tech world (though it is said by the older engineers, who don't tend to have a large media presence): all new tech is just old tech rebranded. Blockchains are an example of that ("reactive" is another one).
An old co worker of mine told me how she was once riding the subway (NYC) when someone grabbed her ass. It wasn't a crowed subway or anything and the person kept holding her ass (it wasn't a grab and walk). 

Apparently she just stood there frozen, not even looking back, no idea for how long but eventually she heard her friend's voice say "are you not gonna look back? My arm's getting tired". 

We asked her "why did you not jump or something?". She claims she felt so awkward and confused she kind of just froze there.
The only real benefit I can think of is the lack of trust needed. With a central database you need to trust the holder of the database (they can do whatever they want with it). With a block chain this removed that. 

The idea of a crypto currency makes sense (in reality, banks use something similar to it to track transactions). The issue is that the practicalities of it don't work. You need something that is quick and efficient (how many USD transactions are there per second?). You need something that can be controlled against inflation and deflation (these are important tools that allow economies to grow in a stable way). That, among others, makes Bitcoin pointless, which is why people treat it as an asset, not a currency. 

Now one thing I have been thinking about would be using block chain tech for voting. Currently votes are collected and counted by a group of people who have stakes in the election (members of all parties). This works but there are always doubts about corruption and messing with votes, it also requires people to submit a physical ballot (and voting machines are just horrible). 

It would be cool if we could use something like a block chain for voting. This allows everyone to keep tabs on the vote and anyone can recount the votes as much as they please (no more calls for recount). 

Ofc this isn't a coin, the "miners" (the ones who verify each vote and adds it to the chain) would need to be volunteers (probably each major party and people who just want to help out). The US govt could give some reward for each vote confirmed (can come out of the election budget). Or the US govt can just add miners of their own (but I feel it would be important that the govt isn't the only one mining).

I am not that knowledgeable about block chains so idk how we can confirm that: the person voting is a US citizen, that they only voted once and that their vote is anonymous.

Edit: autocorrect
I'll never understand how NYC's village idiot managed to convince a bunch of people in fly over states that he was serious
I heard in a "tips the tutorial doesn't yeah you" video that 63214A switches your character while doing their special. So similar to the switch you do when you do your special but without requiring the main character do it first.

Looking at your inputs that seems to be what you did.

EDIT: https://youtu.be/5ofSAgn5kgg?t=3m8s

Edit2: turns out this is different
Thermostat maker? Is that all people know them for? Guess it makes sense, that's probably their most iconic product.
According to Google, 36th Ave. According to street easy, Astoria is just 31th and up (it is unclear what street easy thinks is between Astoria a d LIC though, since it still counts LIC as below 36th).
With so many of them I wouldn't be surprised. Still, kind of cool.
He's my point but I keep telling myself that I should change that since he is better with meter. But I find him good without meter too since he has so much zoning (and can build meter quickly).
Most double family houses in NYC cost a little over 1million. So you may want to reconsider your estimates.
Frieza is my main damage dealer. I added Vegeta (ss) as my "I can't seem to zone this guy". I feel they complement each other well. 

However I mostly picked them (and 18) just because I like their characters. It is the same reason I main Jam in GG. :)
I ain't got time for that! Even though I have posted YouTube videos :(
Sometimes they recognized this fact ( at which point the laws of nature started to apply again). Other times they didn't. https://youtu.be/3FB0aeb-TPs
How was this done? I can't seem to do block strings in this game (since neither light nor medium attacks seem to be safe on block). Is this something only some characters can do?

I've figured out they holding back while doing light attacks does allow me to do two quick lights in succession, but that's not enough to keep the opponent locked.
I don't get what the difference between this sub and that one is. Should I sub to both?
The other half is mostly libertarian Utopia belief (which you could call a religion I guess).

But hey, the whole block chain thing does have its advantages outside this bubble crap.
Daheck?
Well Bitcoin is already half religion. So I guess this was the next logical step.
Libertarian, techno-mysticism.
Who is this guy? I see him mentioned. In this sub a lot but I'm out of the loop.
He may have been. We have been getting some crazy weather this and last month (keeps going up to spring weather, and then goes down to Winter weather and repeat). 

I actually walked outside with shorts and sandals last week.
Wow, that's exactly my team composition! Lucky me!
I understand what it is trying to say, but do remember you are an "oppressor" according to someone. I'm sure the person wrote this was thinking about Palestinians and Israelis or poor black people in racist areas, but I'm sure traditional Christians in NY think the same of us when it comes to things like gay rights. 

Also, this message doesn't help. A person who just goes to work and then home, and doesn't even think about racism, is way more preferable to an active racist person. This message would just push people who are neutral (or at the very least think they are neutral) towards the other side (whatever the other side is).
What? Why?

Edit: seeing the combo count it seems that holding or pressing the button makes it do more hits before the kick. 

I still don't get why this is a thing.
Just read the git.txt file.

https://xkcd.com/1597/
Elon didn't make his fortune from Tesla, he made an online payment system (which would eventually become PayPal).
LMAO. This takes me back to when I was a kid and got my first controller with a turbo button. We all thought it was cheating (while still using it). I now have a Hori commander (which has a turbo button) and I cannot imagine using it for anything (except in GG when fishing).

In short, no this isn't a problem. Doing so just gives you a handicap since now you essentially giving yourself a longer recovery phase (if you miss an attack).
White, Asian OR over 100 iq? So does this mean you can be white or Asian, have lower than 100 and still appreciate it?
I get that, I also come from GG, but also Brawhalla so I enjoy both hard games and easy ones. 

FZ seems to be in the middle: it isn't as complex as GG but it is more complex than Brawhalla and other easy fighting games. I haven't played any assist games yet so I don't really have much of an opinion on that point. 

Autocombos are...meh. I don't know how to fell about them yet. 
What else bothers you?
You aren't. That's what they call "quick switch" or something. It is quicker than holding down the assist button.
I'm surprised to see that sparkling isn't like burst. It *seems* similar yet it isn't.
That's the universal combo syntax. It is easier to read and write when doing many commands. Like 236P means down, down-right, forward and then punch (essentially, quarter circle forward + punch). As you can see, one is much quicker to write and read. Now imagine that for really long combos.

EDIT: 236, not 234
I have it and use it for the PC. Works fine so far.
Haskell doesn't have parameters-based function overloading (it does type-based overloading , via type classes). Though your example feels like two very different functions. I would be worried about mixing them up.
How do you prevent the train from firing while it is building? Or are you not worried about that? That's an issue I have when building these outposts: the train starts firing before it is done building.
I guess "clean your bathtub" should be the first step, I wouldn't drink water from mine.
He wasn't wrong.
Yep, but as we all know, Trump has dementia and probably doesn't remember that.
Why would they take notes? It is all in the book. 
Nice! New phone wallpaper.
Wtf? He (Fritzl) raped a woman at knife point and only got 18 months? Of which he only served 12? Dafuk?
This is why Google gave up on the idea of semi-automatic driving (aka, expecting the driver to take over if things get bad). Instead they are fully focusing on purely automatic driving. Some plans include even removing the wheel.
As I understand it, most of our views on elves and other mystical creatures comes from Tolkien, who's books are based on England. Middle Earth, for all it's detail, is still a small area, mostly homogeneous (in terms of skin color). 

I never read the books but I heard there are mentions of non-white-skin versions of everything somewhere south of middle Earth.
Meh that's future people's problem.
I don't know what this is from. It looks like Minecraft.
Should have said "Belgium" next to it.
The world must look so bleak and dark via that tiny lens. 
Googling yields this https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Revisionist_State?wprov=sfla1

It seems to mean a state that isn't happy with the current status quo of the world. 

More than likely this translates into "not happy with the current hegemon".
I realized I have a bias against non-YouTube videos. I searched for "Egg sitter" and that link came first, but it wasn't a YT link so my brain just ignored it. Then I found your YT video (multiple versions of it). Finally, after the 4th time searching for "egg sitter", my brain finally realized that it was the top result but it wasn't a YT video. :|
I've never seen this show but Sadistic seems out of place.
This seems to be the original https://ispot.tv/a/wWAE
He's wearing a bullet proof vest. Seems so surreal.
No, that wasn't it. It was this pink-big-paring spot in China. I remember reading about them. I've never heard of this pink-zone thing (which sounds ridiculous). 
This isn't new, I remember reading about this several years ago. So this means it is still around and expanding? 

The article mentions other female-only infrastructure in other East Asia countries. Daheck is going on over there?

EDIT: I get it, Germany does this too and there are a lot of edgelords on Reddit. You can stop repeating yourselves now. 
Ok? Can someone ask her what a PhD is? I feel she might be super confused as to what a PhD is.
Correction: Individualism is part of the reason it is so successful. And individualism begets feminism. 
> ...your wife passed...

>> Oh God, no!

> ...out last night. She's still sleeping
I wouldn't call that small. By some estimates, half the population was killed.
https://i.pinimg.com/originals/c1/c4/27/c1c4277090d2b61fbeb88b307e19f538.jpg
Yes but the concept that had always worked on is that something else couldn't be automated yet. I'm sure some spinners went to be farm hands and then the tractor came around. 

It is essentially a chasing game, automation always a few steps behind. I don't think we can play the game forever and since science advances faster and faster with each passing day, automation is starting to catch up fast. Sooner or later it will surpass us (ie: the singularity). No idea what that will look like. Hopefully it is just a welfare state where no one works, like the Culture books, and not a Terminator-like world. 

I just remembered we are in a geopolitics sub. Maybe this sort of convo isn't for here.
Unn, never read anything else by him, but this one's writing style seem fine. Or I'm not good enough at telling good writing from bad.
> Are you saying that, because we live in a "modern world with internet, Reddit, iPhones, drones and AI", this means we are no longer part of nature?

Never said that, but I'm guessing we disagree on what "nature" is.

EDIT: btw, I recommend "Sapiens": https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00ICN066A/
Great book that covers how humanity came to be what it is now. 
The more automated a society is, the fewer people it needs. With the invention of the spinning wheel, we didn't need spinners. With the invention of mass-farming tools like tractors, we needed way fewer farmers. 


/r/lewronggeneration 
> Think of this from a different angle. Most of the world's biggest religions (Catholicism, Islam) encourage followers to have children and tend to frown on birth control. They know what works.

Is this some Pascal's wager? Even if it works (where works = fertility rates are high, which I do not agree is something we actually want due to automation), how are you supposed to put the genie back in the bottle? People aren't as religious as they used to be, this is a fact. Unless you are proposing some massive cut in education and science funding and instead of making people read the Bible, all for the sake of fertility rates, this isn't gonna happen. 

> The whole idea of not having kids in favour of a political/social ideology is fairly new in historical terms.

People aren't choosing it over some ideology, they are choosing it because the current socio-economics dictates that that's what's more efficient. This isn't really a "choice" per-say. 

> I have a lot more confidence in something that's been around for over a thousand years.

This is a very odd way of looking at things. You cannot compare the new, modern world with internet, Reddit, iPhones, drones and AI to what we had for the last 70,000+ years: remember, we have advanced (in terms of science and power over nature) more in the last 50 years than we have in the last 70,000. We might as well be a million years in the future compared to people born in the 1850s. So comparing the present (and future) with the past is, in my opinion, silly. 



You do realize that it is 2018, not 1950, right? Driverless taxis are coming in a couple of years, burger flipping robots have already been invented and a lot of stores are moving from clerks to self-service (or just selling stuff online). There are even plans to replace the deliveryman with flying robots. 

In short, don't compare those two time periods, some much has changed from then till now, and a lot more will change in just a couple of years. The singularity is imminent. 
Automation hasn't replaced all manual jobs, but will eventually. We've already started the downwards trend of population but we still need manual labor until automation kicks in fully. So until then, immigrants will be needed to fill the gap. 

A good question is what will happen to immigration once a large percentage of society is automated. Will they still want to come? Will we just take them in? Or will automation spread to their home countries causing their own shrinking of population?
I think all of these articles start with the assumption that a high fertility rate is a good thing. Given how common, widespread rapidly developing automation is, not to mention a changing climate that is predicted to decrease our living surface area, why should we have a high fertility rate? This will just cause us to have a high unemployment rate in the future. 

I say we should welcome the low fertility rate and offset any short term issues with immigrants (which is essentially what we have been doing)..
But those migrant kids don't usually follow their parents steps and fall within the host nation's fertility rate. 

So your argument is essentially, those migrants have a lag of knowledge: they don't know that they shouldn't have kids yet when they get here (though more often than not, the kids were already born before they came here).
1. your argument assumes that immigrants don't adopt the host culture, ever. This is obviously not true as they often do after the 3rd generation. So immigrants themselves usually also lose their fertility and go down to 1.3 (and this makes sense. There reason this happens is socio-economic, not generics). 
2. As automation becomes more and more common, a small population is probably going to be more beneficial.
3. Cultures don't go extint, they merge with other cultures and create a new ones.

I think all of this fertility view is wrong. People are seeing it as the end of humanity but I see it as the start of a new human race, one which requires a smaller population due to massive amounts of automation. 

I really doubt materialistic and responsibilities had anything to do with it, because that hasn't changed. We are no more materialistic than we were before: people have always liked having things. We have become less religious which may have made us less likely to do certain things for the heck of it (meaning, we not don't take on certain responsibilities that we used to take on just cuz god said so). 

People like to blame feminism a lot, and maybe they are right (there is an inverse correlation between female education and how many children they have http://blogs.worldbank.org/health/female-education-and-childbearing-closer-look-data) but feminism is also part of the reason the western world is so rich and successful.
/r/gifsthatendtoosoon/
The Haskell version is interesting:

    import System.IO.Unsafe
    import Data.IORef
    
    newtype Js a = Js (IORef a)
    
    instance (Num a, Eq a) => Eq (Js a) where
      Js a == Js b = unsafePerformIO $ do 
       modifyIORef a (+ 1)
       a' <- readIORef a
       b' <- readIORef b
       return $ a' == b'
       
    main :: IO ()
    main = do
      a <- Js <$> newIORef 1
      b <- Js <$> newIORef 2
      c <- Js <$> newIORef 3
      if (a == b && a == c) then putStrLn "Hello World" else return ()

At least it shows how hard it is to do this craziness in Haskell. 
Dude...are you for real?
Yep, the poorer the country the more likely they are to welcome other people (due to higher reliance on tourism). Richer countries rely less on tourism so they can be more picky.
Well being let put every now and then doesn't mean they aren't captive. They came up with the "nearly 30 years" from the fact that their oldest is 29.
That's how strong their passport is, not how welcoming they are to other passports. This site has that index: https://www.passportindex.org/byWelcomingRank.php

Cambodia is on the top rank for most welcoming country.

Edit: typo
Well Conway already promoted Ivanka's clothes so it is open season. 

I wonder whether the prestige of the White House can recover from this admin.
In Latin America (and Spain) it isn't common for the woman to change her name after marriage. The children just get both names (hence the stereotype of Hispanic names being very long). 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spanish_naming_customs?wprov=sfla1

My fiance wants to take my first last name (my father's) even though I tell her that I don't mind her keeping hers. We can just do the weird dash thing Americans have been doing lately.
I don't understand why people call them gender neutral. They are unisex bathrooms, we've been using that word until now, why make a new one?

Also, I've seen single-person bathrooms be called "gender neutral". Not as bad as gendered single-person bathrooms: like, why?

> when someone calls a country a shithole

Not necessarily within context. I was born in a third world country and I call my country shitty (except for the beaches, they are the best). However WHO said that matters WAY more. I feel trump defenders aren't getting it: the issue isn't so much that one person said that, what matters most is that the PRESIDENT of the freaking USA said that. THAT'S the main issue here. 

Now there is a second issue, not only did the POTUS say that but Trump said that, and Trump has a history of racism. That also adds to it; if one of my close friends says something bad about my country (and I know he isn't a racist), it is just banter and if it is funny, I'll laugh (some of my friends do this). But if a known racist (with a history) says it, well now it is different. 
But this isn't new. Did something change that caused Wu Shang to be the new Hattori? He was underplayed a while back (I stopped playing for a while and just came back for Kaya). 

I still only see him a couple of times in plat but he is definitely more popular than when I left.
Scroll down a little, it is on the main feed.
Correction: 5 on the static one, the train wagon can carry 100
It is a fighting game, the reward is winning the fight. Do you see Smash Bros, SF or GG give rewards?
With such a massive ELO difference? I don't think so, there really wasn't much of a risk for them.
I'm mostly impressed by the fact that you can train chickens like that. I didn't know they had that mental capacity.
Why is he speaking like that? Is this so game you two are playing?
Sadly it isn't the goal of delivery stuff on time.
They are, u can tell at the end of the gif when they spawn back. 
I haven't seen a single one. I've been the only one. 
There's a corner on my block which I just avoid at night. Not because of gangs or crime but because during the day I can see shit all over the place, which I will miss at night. 

I have no idea why it is all on that corner, there must be a lot of scumbags living in the building next to it.
Pandoc is like freaking magic. It always amazes me how often it just works.
Years of wearing a suit made Tom forget the street ways.
I used to have a co worker who was worried that the guy she was dating was shorter than her. I asked her why but she just said something along the lines of "it is an issue". 

I never understood whether she didn't like guys to be short or she thought he had issues with it but didn't tell her.
Yes, all right wing lunatics, as in, right wing people who are lunatics. That does not mean all right wings are lunatics. 

Maybe stop seeing the world through a tiny lens and simple English will start to make sense again.
You should have responded with a random true thing, like "my table is brown".
Makes sense, I guess they're expecting Yemen to become their Gaza strip in the long term (there's already been multiple missiles sent to SA from Yemen).
I don't mean increasing the energy cost, I meant overhauling the system in some way. Idk what way but atm bots are so good because energy is infinite.
That's a lot of ... err... Gifts for family and friends.
One of the reasons bots are so good is because energy is infinite. Maybe a change to how electricity works could work as an indirect nerf (without changing bots themselves). 

I don't really have a proposal though.
Dafuk are u supposed to do if you go off on vacation? Keep it open the whole time you are away?
I just realized all of my buses either go left to right (most common) or bottom up. Not sure why.
4? What are you? So cost-effective wizard?
Well there is one on every corner, so there is a high chance of stuff happening in them?
Well the book is written with the general public in mind (it isn't an academic text, easy read). If he had called it Practical Philosophy I would have been confused as to what he was referring to. Maybe that's why he used the term "myth" (everyone knows what that is). 
Sigh... *unzip*
> I think "myth" is too strong a word

I'm using the author's word. He did say that "myth" might be too strong and said you can call it "belief, philosophy" or whatever, but he opted to keep using myth mostly because he is referring to ALL myths. **Practical philosophy** doesn't really work for all cases he mentioned (since he is considering everything, from the reason the Pope not having sex (which isn't practical at all) to a bunch of people coming together and building and maintaining the USA (which is practical)). I personally don't have a problem using the word myth since I see myths as things that exist, just not in the physical world. Zeus exists, everyone knows him and people in the past did things for him, even though he doesn't exist in the physical world. Something that exists in our heads, as only our heads, still exists :). 

> As an atheist, you don't need Christianity to tell you what to do. Thinkers from Aristotle to Kant have thought about how one should act, regardless of God.

I know, hence why I said "western, christian atheist", The western part was a reference to all of the non-religious stuff I've gotten from western culture (which includes old Greek stuff). 
Definitely! I guess NCOs just keep cigars and match sticks around at all time.
We can make it a thing. A sub where people post stories where random items appear out of nowhere.
> a Christian atheist 

This is actually something I've been thinking about. I recently read Sapiens, which is a history of humans and how our biology lead to who we are now. One of the interesting points the author makes is that science cannot exist or advance without myths (like religion, or nationalism) due to science's inability to give an answer to the question "what should we research now?". Whether you should find research for mad-cow disease or space science isn't something science can answer, only culture (which is affected by myths) can answer that. If we had unlimited resources we could fund both, but obviously we don't. 

I should mention that a "myth" in this context is anything that doesn't exist in the physical world. This can be as divine as gods or as mundane as the USA or Capitalism. Humans (and some of the other apes) have been the only animals capable of doing this: talking about stuff that doesn't exist. Myths are probably the secret behind our ability to talk about abstract stuff (how can your talk about mathematics if your brain is only capable of of talking about real things?).

This has got me thinking about my own myths and how they came about. I've also, as I've grown up, grown to be a less fundamental atheist (unlike my edgy teenage years). I am now able (and not embarrassed) to say that I'm a western, christian atheist. My myths and beliefs are all affected  by my Christian upbringing and my Western teaching, even though I'm don't believe in any gods.
You seem to be missing context

https://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2018/01/06/576204103/a-very-stable-genius-trump-responds-to-renewed-criticism-of-his-mental-state
That's an odd argument. Are u expecting the US/UK/other major powers to force their way through the passage? I really doubt it will come to that. Also, remember that you don't need a strong navy to secure a passage. It is a passage, there is land all around. 

More than likely what will happen (assuming the passage becomes important enough) is that other nations will petition Canada to make it an open waterway while giving Canada something in return. 
The passage is within Canadian territory, so they already have it. Whether it is considered an open passage (like the Bosphorus) is where the conflict arises. Canada considers it "internal waters" (with the right to restrict passage), other powers will, ofc, want it to be an open waterway. 
Canada is currently claiming the passage as internal waters, which would not make it an open passage. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Northwest_Passage?wprov=sfla1

So far the ice isn't melted long enough for commercial shipping but if Canada sticks with this claim it could cause a lot of friction with Americans, Europeans and Asian powers (since the passage will make shipping between then a lot faster).
Was some post-processing done in that shot? Something seems off about it (even when I saw it in the theaters).
/r/wheredidthesigarcomefrom
So could I just...put my hands on my thighs and push?
Maybe this is a story of someone getting worse at drawing.
Not sure whether you are joking or not , but if not: http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/hunter2
Is able to prove 1=0
Sol and ky cuz everyone plays them.
Jam's voice is beautiful! She has the best voice, best legs and best moves! Only people that don't like her voice are gay men and jealous women!
1. Who is talking on panel 6? I thought it was the guy but the next panel said Britteny.
2. On the first panel, I thought it was the young guy at the front talking, so I thought the joke was that it took them that long he grew old. 

Either way, +1
No, cuz it was harder. We have always made fun of presidents when they do or say something dumb. It's just that traditionally presidents have been very conservative, guarding everything they say and do (even what they wear). Trump just happens to not be like that so the amount of mockery is way higher and much more frequent. 

We didn't make this much fun of Bush (Jr or Sr) nor probably any other president in history.
Calm down, we as a society have been making fun of presidents for as long as there have been presidents.
/r/lewronggeneration
Her name is not actually "Inuit", right?
Can you point out any specific things? Cuz people always love to say "cut spending" but I never hear what they mean by that. 

Starting to think people don't really know what it is we are spending on.
Should have responded with "k"
Oh gosh, isn't rule number never to point a gun to someone (that you don't want to shoot)? Even if it is unloaded?
In this sub, an exception is made for popular public figures.
Well individualism begets feminism. So I say gender roles in a society are a gauge for individualism in it.
Vim is to editing what Tiling Window managers are to window managers: you can use a normal window managers fine, but once you go tiling, you can't go back. 
Or Himmler escaped and is now living in Brazil! Hitler is in Argentina!
It was Alexa, Amazon came out and said the story was impossible since Alexa can't do that.
He said in this video that WG did not get an update. 
I think it says that it won't call emergency numbers. Same with Alexa. 
And if u said "call me an ambulance" it would just nickname u "an ambulance". 
I followed the story, I just don't get it.
(((hard))) ((((not easy)))) (((((requires more work than it's counterpart)))))
Lol, I read the title and thought I was in /r/guiltygear
Political? There's nothing political about this post.
Oh, I was wondering what was up with all the weird looking stuff.
Meanwhile I'm on my 4th attend and over 150hr in and I still haven't launched a single rocket. Idk, I usually hit a point in my bases where things become so disorganized that I can't stand it anymore and restart. :(
MacBook airs aren't for performance. They are meant to be light and portable. You would need a MacBook pro at the very least.
Hey you put down pavement. To this day I still, most of the time, forget to do that.
I essentially build my bases the same way now (which is just KoS' way). I still have some old files from when I was still smelting steel from the iron that I was also using for building everything else. 

Good old times.
Nice attempt to mod-hire.
In vim, make a macro and just run it over everything. 

> Ei#<ESC>

That should do it.
I've never done any sort of nude thing (beaches, weird restaurant, etc) but I feel my main fear is getting a boner. Do guys often get boners at those places or does it become second nature and you don't think about it?
Why aren't they moving? Is it some defense mechanism?
Looks like a Pokemon
I just remember thinking "err, I like my cousins, but I don't like them THAT much". I feel that censorship just confused kids more. 
>  I know sailor moon because my sister was, and still is a big fan.

It's ok dude, no need to hide it anymore. We all watched Sailor Moon and it wasn't for the plot. 

Also yeah, it is these two characters. 
They're not cousins! Or whatever it was that the American version said they were.
Wtf?
I've seen a couple of these businesses, interesting because we used to have the opposite problem. 

Though now that I think about it, isn't it illegal for businesses to not take cash? Dollar bills say on them that they are "legal tender for all debt, public and private". Doesn't that mean that US businesses must accept them?

Edit: according to the Fed, it is legal https://www.federalreserve.gov/faqs/currency_12772.htm
I don't get it. Is it some criticism that Christmas isn't about Jesus?
Getting dejavu there.
I mostly rely on a couple of combos. Switch them around a little but I rarely use special (using tension for RC instead).
The main gain is a strong ally that is dependent on us (who doesn't like dependent, strong allies? They can handle themselves but still require our help, giving us leverage overseas). 

The fact that they are liked back home also helps. We have other strong dependent allies, like the Saudis but they aren't as liked.

Edit: well for some reason this comment got me banned. Odd.
It is Russian.
How do these people monetize? I'm guessing they are making from this somehow.
Merry holidays!
What we need is a free, given at birth national ID. Then everyone can stop:

1. Using social security as an identifier. It was never meant to be used like that and it is super insecure.
2. Complaining about "illegals voting". Even though it rarely happens, this would shut them up.
3. Having poor people certain areas not be able to get any sort of identification.
https://xkcd.com/435/
And ofc I read that in Dora's voice.
https://consequenceofsound.net/2016/08/kanye-west-fully-intends-to-run-for-president-in-2020-im-going-to-try-to-do-it/
At this point I don't care anymore. If we are now entering the celeb age, then so be it. Rock vs Kanye West in 2020. I would ask which party they are running on but I don't think that matters anymore.
I thought it was gonna be Kanye West.
Maybe he lives in a flyover state. Where someone's backyard is a quarter of the state.
Ohh I see it now! Thanks!
I don't play Raven but I pick his song when I'm training.
Not sure what I'm looking for.
You can sue whoever you want for whatever reason. Whether it will go anywhere is the question.
/r/QuantumMechanics1 ? Did someone try to make a new sub but when they got the "name already exists" error they thought it was like usernames?
Well think about it, if someone keeps telling you the same thing over and over again without listening to you, wouldn't you just say "sure. You're right, whatever, go away now".
Great man
Yes but sadly you can't do anything on it. Not even pan the camera.
That's one way to tell your daughter she can't date anyone.
Wrong sub dude.
Maybe she's proud of the fact that no one can tell? You could read this both ways.
Right, bad signals just mean the trains won't run independently. 

idk, feels like a bug if they manage to collide. 
Showtime getting weird.
Just like millennial.
Immigration? Is he talking about the buckload of slaves the Romans brought back from campaign?
This isn't really lewronggeneration.
It is referring to the device trying to connect to a WiFi router.
Are the signals correct? I can't tell from this image.
What? Since when is ember considered cancer?
Right, this is actually something that has bugged me. On my wall, I wanted to have some chests to store that stuff but the bots kept putting them wherever they pleased. 
That's some great stabilization.
I don't follow, how would a buffer chest be useful? I'm sure it is, just can't imagine what it would use it for.
Never heard of it but wow, yeah, that's gonna keep it down. 
Competitive games fall under two category: popular but toxic, or niche but mature.
I don't understand how this is offbeat.
It doesn't look like Vader can work. Vader seems to be built around buffers and controlling such buffers from within the test. I need something that will load a file, with the tags file, and then run commands on that. 
Thanks, I'll check it out. 
Well it also helps with understanding pattern matching :)
I found that learning prolog really helped understand type-level programming. So if you are trying to learn Haskell or FP Scala, I recommend learning some prolog as well.
In my latest factory, I kept noticing that sometimes my power level went down. Every time that happened, I ordered a new block of solar panels to be built. 

I kept doing that every single time it happened and wondering WTF was happening, did electric furnaces consume THAT much power? 

Turns out there were two large parts of my factory that weren't connected to the solar arrays and were still pulling power from coal -_-.
It works in some subs. Like in /r/me_irl, they'll upvote anything.
What's an electronic bus? Is it a bus for producing circuits?
*insert-popular-competitive-game*
I thought I knew where he was going, and then I lost him completely.
I didn't know Sol got a different win-sequence if he finished in Dragon Install mode. 

Awesome! New phone wallpaper
Someone once did an analysis of his tweets and managed to figure out when he was trying and when it was someone else. We had a hint a while ago: when it was someone else the tweets came from an iPhone, but when it was him it was an Android. There were other hints too, like how some tweets were calm and presidential (that was the staffer) while ranting and angry tweets were from him. I don't think this pattern has changed since. 

http://varianceexplained.org/r/trump-tweets/

?
Who else misses the thing we don't have right now?
I don't get it.
There is no such thing as unique cultures.
Wow, I've only seen this kind of gymnastics at the Olympics.
It should be. The association of spam (as in, spam email) came from a British show (Monty Python).  https://youtu.be/anwy2MPT5RE

So spam has a bad name because of the Brits.
Why would someone think they looks good? It looks like an infection, or a tumor.
I was thinking the same! This game needs some sort of todo built in, it is so easy to get distracted and forget what you were supposed to do.
Napalm flamethrower? Is this a mod?
Are we sure this isn't just some new level trolling?
Aw, was expecting a viking ship. Damn Vikings are always first.
I haven't played that mod yet, so no idea what I'm looking at :/
I've noticed that if I queue up right as the match is ending, my game gets into a loading screen for several minutes. I think it is a big with trying to spectate while the match is ending and you are still on the character intro animation.
> Stop at the red light

Lol
Wow, dude, mark this as NSFW
Science is an ongoing process!
I haven't bought an EA game is ages. Thanks for reminding me why that was.
Christmas trees have nothing to do with Jesus. It is a pagan tradition (like Christmas itself).
Did they increase the Twitter char limit? I thought it was 140.
Fuck, now I'm a worried. My Nexus 6p worked but the screen was cracked. When preparing the trade in it asked whether the screen was "free of scratches" and I said "no". 

Hopefully they aren't like "well, we meant small scratches, not cracked".
Not sure what you are proposing. Should we not mention when a massacre happens?
The Con Con won't make new laws, it will make new ballot questions which we will vote on eventually. Now if you don't trust the public to vote for what's right then that's another issue. 

But the simple fact is that these rich people are already doing that in Albany. That's why we need the Con Con, to try to get around Albany (remember, there are many other special interests, some of which you might agree with, that will also be at the Con Con). 
That's not really specific enough. Is there a specific "owner of capital" that you have in mind? Cuz technically the owner of my local bodega is a "owner of capital" but I doubt you are worried about him. 

Also, do know that a convention does not mean laws get passed. The convention will propose some amendments (expect weed legalization on it) which will turn into ballot questions in the future. So, if "special interest" puts something there it can still be stopped (though weed legalization is special interest, but I doubt that's what most people are talking about. Though I'm sure conservatives think weed legalization is "special interest"). 
Capital? Capital One? Are u worried about Capital One?
> special interests groups

I really hate how people just say "special interests" whenever they want to talk about "evil people in the background". Special interest can be anything: from Google to a group of people trying to get more funding for their local soccer team. Every interest is "special" to someone.

So what special interest, in specific, are people worried about?
> polarizing

Jam's voice is NOT polarizing! Everyone loves her amazing voice! The only people are don't like Jam's beautiful voice are gay men and jealous women! 

That's the emoticon/emoji I use when I'm confused.
I am no weights expert but that doesn't look like it would weight a lot.
You can pay 20 bucks and have all characters, current and future
Yeah I was looking at her top and did not understand wtf I was looking at. Is it a shirt? Is it a bra? Is it neither? Is it an optical illusion?
It shows that the armrests have viruses (like E-COLI!) yet it doesn't cover the armrests...
Well you will need trains once that uranium ore deposit dies.
It isn't. I really don't understand what people are thinking when they post these stories in offbeat.
How do you say "Nice troll" in Russian?
Unn, can I still bring it up myself? I use that question to my advantage: I simply say that I made 25% more than what I made. Then they offer that and I accept. 

They feel like they made a killing and I actually made a killing. Win-win for everyone.
Eyes of a she, arm of a he, quite confused, half boner.
Maybe he just wants to buy a co-op. It is a fine choice if you can't afford a condo.
Did they just take a list of random things and put them on a piece of paper? That list makes no sense.
This isn't offbeat
I just stopped playing ranked. Not only because of the low playerbase but also because I find this game boring on a 1v1 setting. I much prefer 3v3 and 4v4.
I don't believe this! This is fake! I gonna need a source to verify this.
Damn, OP shotguns have crazy range. Plz nerf.
Have you seen the wall of belts? It is the most efficient way of keeping things in place.
Aliases? As in, artifacts can be known by different names? That'd be cool. Maybe one culture calls some mystical thing one name but another calls it another thing. Or the villagers that found the ancient stick of truth call it sticky, confusing all questers lol.
Build a wall of belts around him!
There is no such thing as unique cultures.
LOS tool.
I haven't played the game is ages but I remember trees lowering noise pollution. Has that changed? There was even a chirper msg about it.
It does.
I'm there at the moment. Yesterday (when the Independence was declared) there were a lot of people walking with flags and all but for the most part it was just young people drinking and chanting (there were some large rallies in some areas near me). 

However, no violence. Most of the older people and the tourists were out about their business.  

Today it seemed like a normal day, nothing has really changed from my point of view even though Spain took over. The police Dept has a bunch of barricades around it but no one is trying to storm it or anything. In fact, there isn't even an increase in police presence (which I would have expected). 

So yeah. I feel most people here took that declaration as baseless and didn't really care. 

?
The only way they can uphold it is with violence. Like you said, they have no recognition and Spain just said "that was fun, but it ends now". 

The only way for catalonians to gain any recognition would be for a civil war to start where they win. We will see in the coming weeks whether the average catalonian (who's support is needed for any violence to start) actually cares about this or not.
/r/iamverysmartINlewronggenerationANDthathappened
That's odd. Does that mean that they aren't allowed to destroy it now? Or turn it off? There are so many questions that arise from giving a robot citizenship.
Why 4 radars?
What is it like to see the world through a lens? Must be an incredible experience.
Well it is the government we are talking about. You can't expect them to even get this right!
I don't get it. What did they think it means?
Yeah, you are right, he's a idiot, unlike you. Man you are so smart! You know, there a sub for super smart people. I tried to get into it but I'm not smart enough. I'm sure you can get in it though. 

/r/iamverysmart
What makes you think they aren't? More than likely there will be a card that you can buy and load with money (like the oyster card).
Working fine? Are you kidding me? Freaking plastic cards get scratched or bent and now you are standing there, swiping away, line of people behind you. So you go on the side, try to unbend the card, try again, doesnt work, need to go out and find an entrance with a booth. 

It has gotten to bad that I pray every time I swipe that it will "just work". 

So no, it doesn't work. I've been to London and their system is so much better.
Kinda.
In Spanish there is this word: bacalao (It is dry cod fish with some sauces and vegetables. It is delicious). It is originally a Portuguese word (I believe) which is why it has that `ao` at the end (such vow combos aren't used in Spanish). 

Well, they aren't used in proper Spanish, people use them in the Dominican republic on every day language (since Dominican Spanish cuts a lot of letters when speaking). Spanish purists would see such low talk as the "talk of the commoner", below them. 

Lo' and behold, Spanish purists often love to "complete" bacalao as "bacalado", which isn't a word. That's how you know if someone is a stuck-up asshole in the Dominican republic, ask them how they say bacalao. 

Maybe the same trick can work in other countries but idk.
Is that what this is?
Oh god, if she's looking for someone's specific then that's gonna take a long time. Specially if he's not using it (she says that she's trying to find out IF he is using). 

Run op, run!
Same here. Just did the test.
"watch out below!"
How does paying for tinder help her? I thought tinder was random. Does playing make it less random?
Well that's not unique to there. Even in the US, most people at Western Union and the like are foreigners like Mexicans. 

If you think about it makes sense, why would most locals wire money?
Not sure how I can provide a source for that. If all sides agree on something, then that something is allowed. Laws only make sense in the context of a hurt party and an enforcer (which is, itself, a party). If all parties, including the enforcer, agree on some action then the action is legal.
Novel*
Is blue Dr. Oak?
It would be legal by definition since all sides agree. 
That's a lot of words to put on a shirt. Might as well write a freaking novel on it.
Yes! That was the issue! The router was picking up (automatically) a bad channel. I forced it to use a mostly free channel and it is now faster than 2.4.

Thanks for the tip! 
First time I told my American fiance about Kiwi the bird, she didn't believe me. She just thought I was confused because English wasn't my first language. 

Showed her a picture and she fell in love with them. 
We started to use it internally as a mock for external depencies. We have a system of tests where we test the system as a black box (just make http requests and make assertion). Ofc we don't want to hit our external dependencies every time a developer runs these tests in their laptop so we mock them. 

At first we were using nginx + perl scripts to get the mocking behavior but that simply didn't scale to more complex test scenario. Additionally we had all sorts of issues with concurrency and performance. Maybe if we knew perl and nginx better we might have found the issue but no one was an expert in the field. 

We did, however, have some people who knew Haskell and Scotty. One of our developers also uses xmonad and realized that "you can just feed a Haskell file to docker container, have the file use Scotty and have the container launch it like it would xmonad". And it worked! We managed to mock all our dependencies with ever more complex testing scenario. 

As to how we convicted the leadership? We just converted one of the examples to using Haskell and showed that the performance of the mock went up (functionality was the same) which meant that our performance tests would not be dampened by our mocks anymore. That was enough to get the go ahead. 

Another great advantage was that now anyone can just compile the mock before deploying it and testing it, since that was a major productivity hit (you never knew whether the perl script, running nginx in, was correct until you ran it). 

After that first mock was rewritten the others follow. It fixed all sorts of issues in the other ones (each specific to whatever they were doing) and turned our mocks from horrible, unreadable perl to nice, small Scotty apps with all the power of Haskell behind them.

Idk if we will ever use it in production though since that may require corporate cooperation.
He's Angel's lover
I recently read "All the Kremlins men" and in it, the author says that (according to people he interviewed in the Kremlin) Putin made his inner circle watch House of Cards in order for them to learn about the "hypocrisy of the western world".
Yep. I tried the whole "plan ahead, make all the furnaces first" in my latest play: so many biters so early on. Had to stop and start the military industry.
Well the cost of the flight includes the fees the airport requires. JFK and EWR, being international airports, with more runways and all that, probably charge a higher fee.
Yeah, another issue is that it has no space (it can't expand to add more runways). 
Yeah that's what I always thought but everyone I meet tells me how they hate EWR because "it is far". 

JFK is easier for me since I'm in Queens but I've never really found EWR to be that far. I think people might just think it is far because it is in NJ (and NJ sounds far regardless of how far you are from it lol). 
Well we do, we have 2 good airports (JFK and EWR, though some people don't like EWR due it it being outside NYC) and a crappy one. 

The main issue with LaGuardia is that it is old, however we already started to rebuild it.

EDIT: EWR
Since gates open when u walk near them, you can use them to, essentially, detect proximity. When the gate opens (ie: you are near by) it can trigger a circuit network to do stuff. 

Someone made a safe train crossing for that (while crossing the tracks, incoming trains will stop and wait for your to cross over). 
Do people use different skins? Cuz some of those icons (on the factory) look different.
Ohh, nice! I can't believe I never thought of just adding a wire to a belt. Thanks!
What are those things I keep seeing people put on their belt? Is that a mod or have I not gotten to that research yet?
> etc
There was a woman between those two men, where did she go? Is the man saying "thank you" because she drove away the evil white woman?

So many questions, no time or desire to answer them.
Yeah this isn't really wrong generation. It is just poking fun at how certain things have switched places (like parents now playing games).
> omitting the necromancer part.

Speak for yourself
They're tutorials, they're supposed to be like that.
Why? Her tutorials are on point (learnt so many things from them).
Wtf dude! Why is Jam at the bottom! She has the best legs, the best food and the best voice! OP must be gay or something.
Really? Didn't know that.
I managed, for the first time since I got this game, to go to bed before 1am. Not by much though, was like 12:40.
And make dragons be attracted to them (in like a subconscious level, so hiding it won't stop the dragons from coming over). 
Is that what factorio already is?
I'm actually going to Catalunya soon (vacation), hopefully I don't arrive and there's a revolution happening. :/
That's why you just ask for a fee for safe passage.
I didn't know you could put stuff on fire in this game...
I don't think this guy knows what an axiom is.
> My theory is that you need to use infantry in great blobs

Atry inc.

Infantry should not be what you are pushing with. Infantry is used to cover the flanks and give info on the frontlines for your tanks to move in. Oh and town/forest fights (though even then you want arty to help them out). 

Combined arms is the name of the game. 
Not only was that video depressing but uncanny. The way the dog is standing on that corner, is pulled like an unwilling child and retreats back, it almost seems like a human child scared for its life.
Would be awesome if they somehow manage to change his sentence to life in prison. For the rest of his life he would need to live with the fact that his "enemies" saved his ass.
Then your life would suck ass back then too. I doubt the date on the calendar is the reason your life sucks.
ELI5?
I like how most of the patients were women, specially in the scenes where he's getting real close. 
Yeah. It is called Wahabism. As I understand it, Saudi Arabia is the only country that follows that branch.
Wow that's incredible! Happy to hear that even after people learnt the truth they didn't care.
Wtf? People from the 90s are millennials.
Well we have some barriers already. So...mission accomplished?
> It could be a state funded program

That is still tax-funded. 

?
Trump supporters are weird, mostly because Trump is weird. Trump has, continuously, said contradictory things which each of his supporters will claim as proof that their version of Trump is the real one (while ignoring whatever he has said that contradicted their view, or explaining it away as "that's just his style" or "it is written in his book!" or "it is just drawing attention so he can get to work!"). 

This is how you end up with white supremacists AND liberal blue-collar workers both supporting him. Yes, it is weird, but now the liberal supporters of trump are rejoicing while the white supremacists are crying (while some months ago it was the opposite). 

idk if Trump will switch again since the white supremacists/nationalist faction in his administration is pretty much gone, and we all know that Trump is easily molded by those around him. So who knows, maybe this is the final equilibrium of Trump's admin?

?
Wait, you are still waiting for the wall? I thought we all agreed that that was never going to happen and that Trump just used it as some warcry against illegal immigration. You actually thought they were gonna build a wall on the mexican border?
The Germans don't take towns, they take scorched Earth.
It seems to work well enough in /r/NeutralPolitics, however idk if it would work the same here. It works there because it is a Q&A sub: you ask a question and get answers. So the requirement that all answers (top comments) be sourced make sense. However, this sub isn't really Q&A: OP is usually stating something that happened with the top comments being either questions or simply trying to connect OP to something else.

I don't think there is anything we can do there. If someone is making a claim, ask for a source I guess. 
You're missing the coat of arms, but I've seen this version too (I think it might be a ensign or something). Regardless, happy to see my motherland!
So where are they valid?
I read it as "why, surround this word, my good sir" with a top hat.
You should, she's awesome!
Afaik, anyone can run for office, they can't stop you from trying. Ofc being convicted means that your opponent has a huge advantage.
Well Trump isn't doing that good of a job, so sure. Why not.
How does he know the guy was rich? He says he just found the card
Wait. So he's 250lb? And he's bragging about it?
They only have one sign.
I did the same but idk if pushing the time would have helped. I feel I would just have gone to sleep even later.
Yeah I usually just scroll to the bottom. They should put a button, makes it easier for  butt-hurt-philiacs (like me).
They're not enforcing laws, they would just be advisors and supplementary forces to their own forces. That's what the article is essentially saying: get the us out and let the Afghan forces hire us companies on the own. 

Note that the article blames a lot of the issues on local perception of the US as an invading force. Idk if that's true but that's the premise of the article.
It's an interesting idea but it assumes that the issue isn't experienced manpower. This plan essentially decreases the US involvement to that of advisor (training). 

Now if the Afghan forces are ready enough (in terms of numbers and experience) then yeah, this can work. I assumed the reason we keep an army there is because that wasn't the case (for whatever reason).
No they would be oversighted by the Afghan forces. Did you read the article?
Psst, I just sort by lowest
Yeah all of this poetry stuff just makes me roll my eyes.
Now kiss
I'm no PR expert so I don't know how to do it, but that's what people are perceiving (and perceptions are powerful). 
Gotta take the good with the bad.
I wonder if the program would get less flak if it was rebranded. Meaning, they somehow managed to overpromote the office supplies and gear over what people are thinking: ARs and tanks. 

Though if they do that then they may be admitting that the police departments are underfunded while the military is over-funded.
What do the symbols on the road mean? And why is there a light pole in the middle of the road?
I was aware that it was a real place but I couldn't figure out why they chose it for the game.
On head
Interesting, I didn't know such a thing existed. Before I got my fightpad, I used the keyboard and I found it to be more precise (the problem was that the buttons layout it odd and being a keyboard means there are a lot of buttons around that you might miss-press). 

I'll take a look at this hitbox thing, thx!
It was an easy, cheap move that allows him to say that he is doing something. He hasn't done anything substantial since he took office and he pissed off his own party in Congress. So at this point his only way to being seen as doing "something" is cheap stuff that doesn't cost him anything. 

?
I've found myself doing the same. When I do, I try to break it by lifting one of the levels into a sentence. 

And then I tell myself "why the heck did I just spend time trying to lift this sentence? Who cares if I use nested parens?". Yet I keep doing it...
I like to imagine that terrorists just ran out of bombs. 

Another thing I like to imagine is that, once driverless cars become a common thing, will gov'ts make driving cars illegal? This would be an interesting reason: cars are essentially a weapon nowadays. 
Have you not been paying attention to the news?
> hey hey hey

I read that as Fat Albert
I get this even less.
This is amazing! New phone wallpaper.
Ah, right, generated stuff. That makes sense. 
I would think Baiken's favorite item would be her sword.
> it wanted to stage five thousand files I clicked discard

Wow, how do you manage to create 5k files in 3 months? Daheck was he working in?
I'm confused, so you want to punish person B because person A did something wrong? The constitution requires that you charge people with a crime before you can punish them, what crime did person B have? Being associated with person A?

Yeah your whole plan doesn't make any sense. 
/r/fossworldproblems 
> I used to work for a company with high turnover.

Are u sure it was turnover and not just a bunch of people being let go? A high turnover means people come, people work for a bit, and then they are fired or leave. Companies where that happen (over a period of time) means that the company is in shambles. There are many reasons why the leaders might be doing that (bad hiring practice, lack of goal, bad employee culture (eg: the hired people aren't given enough power or feel useless)). Unless something happens at the high level, the turnover continues because the root cause, the leaders, is the same. 

More than likely, at your company, something changed at the top. Either the board finally decided to sack the CEO or the CEO realized what the root cause was and fixed it. 

Now if the turnover ends in the WH then ok, Trump (or whoever controls trump) realized the issue and fixed it. But I hate to think that WH can make such horrible mistakes: this the WH, not some company.  
> MSM that high turnover = BAD.

Well it is, high turnover means that there is a constant issue. Firing one bad person doesn't mean much but firing multiple people over and over means that there is a systemic issue higher up. 

Trump is a businessman, he should know this. A company with a high turnover (at any level) is a company that is failing (probably due to the CEO doing something wrong). 

?
You're watching too much porn dude.
> He's running things like a business. Turn over hasn't been unusual by those standards. 

Please tell me you don't work for a company like that. If you do, I would start looking for a new job ASAP. 
> because trump is new to politics and trying to find his legs. he's not like some career politicians with 20 yrs of experience , etc.

I know you are trying to make it seem ok that he's inexperienced but this is the President of the United States we are talking about, can we really afford a guy that "is trying to find his legs"? A common statement that candidates make (Trump included) is "we will be ready from day 1" (usually when being attacked by opponents about inexperience). There's a reason for that: no one wants a guy who doesn't know wtf is happening. 
> He's actually firing people in government roles

Roles that he gave, fyi. This isn't Trump clearing some previous "swamp" left behind, he built it himself. 

?
A tutorial would be nice but for a fighting game, Brawhalla is really user friendly (ofc my base line of fighting games is GG and SF). 

I don't get how making more characters available would help at all. If you learn the basics with one character in Brawhalla you've learnt the basis with all of them.
Nah, my third is job is so that I can afford avocado toast.
Daheck was the point of the alignment part? It just seems to have been put there without any purpose.
I never argued that there wasn't a recent increase in vaccine paranoia, I'm arguing against the ideas that we are, overall, dumber than before. Is this recent uptick your evidence against the Flynn Effect?

> Why does my opinion mean I'm "angry and fearful of the world"?

Because you were quick to believe an obviously fake news article (and was the author). I mean, I didn't need it to tell me it was fake, reading it made it obvious that it was fake. So the only reason someone can fall for it is if they are seeing the world through a lens of fear and anger, thus quickly believing anything that seems to confirm that fear and anger. I believe it is called Confirmation Bias. 

> Who says "dude" anymore

How old are you? ppl in my age group are still saying `dude`. Maybe younger ppl aren't doing anymore?
....or the next day. Or the day after that....
Really ironic for white nationalists to be using tiki touches.
Oh shit, was I supposed to do that?
I'm not saying it did, that's what my co workers said.
What's with this avocado thing? I keep hearing it. Did I miss a joke or something?
Had little to do with it. You still say "Dominican Republic". I have some Czech coworkers and they say they did it just because it didn't match the name every other language had (in every other language, it is some variation of Czechia). 

However, those same co-workers say that the change was dumb since no one cares and the govt is just doing it to distract people from the real problems (whatever those may be).
Pst, freaking pleb. Talk to me when you have upgraded to `ed`.
I don't get it. Where are they gonna do that? Are you expecting them to leave the cities en-mass and live in the undeveloped land of the country?
It isn't really the "y" sound since you still write "an insult". It is a combo, like the "y" followed by other vowels (for "user" it is Y and U). Same case for "a utility belt". 

Idk if there are more vowel combos that break the rules, those are the only two I can think of atm.
I noticed a while ago that most buildings I've been in Manhattan don't have a 13th floor.
Q-tips
Words to live by.
Dafuk? What happened to Single Payer? I thought they said that was gonna be a major point now (that they weren't going to beat around the bush anymore). 
I got Jam, and no second option. Idk if maybe I was subconsciously picking her cuz I main her.
f
"Fuck you! You're gonna sit there and like it!"
I always find it interesting that people think Terminator when they think advanced AI. Why could we not get The Culture instead? Or Questionable Content.
And then? Officer comes and tried to remove her, she doesn't budge (let's be honest, the kind of person that does this isn't going to be 100% up there) and now the train has to be held at the station. 

No thanks, I want to get home a lot more than put some crazy person in their place.
> the data is easily found

>  don't have time to search

A bunch of anecdotal evidence isn't going to cut it. Dude, I'm also from NYC, I've seen hipsters, I have not seen what you are describing in any form of large scale. One crazy, inconsiderate person here and there? Sure, but that does not mean that there is some massive trend. 

In fact, the stuff you are talking about makes me think that you don't live here, that your view of NYC/BK is some stereotypical view. OR, and idk which one is sadder, you have convinced yourself that that's the state of things and thus it doesn't matter what is actually happening before your eyes, you will see the dumb hipster using a chamber-pot because toilets aren't cool. And given how quickly and eagerly you were to share (and believe) that article, which turned out to be a joke, I think it might be the latter. 

I say you should seek help dude, you should not be this angry and fearful of the world. 
Gonna have to build a wall :/
So it just smells bad? I thought it was using some weird chemical (odorless) that changes how u taste stuff. If it just smells bad then I doubt most people would want to use it. :\
wait, what? You can fix damaged tracks?!
The article you posted has an update on the top saying it was a joke. 

> Yes, people were smarter.

How do you know that? And please don't start naming a bunch of dead scientists and artists from some time period, all that's gonna do is make me search for alive scientists and artists. 

And in case you are tempted to do it anyways, this has been studied: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flynn_effect?wprov=sfla1

> Mass media is the reason for people dumbing down

No, mass media is one of the reason we are smarter because we now know a lot more about everything, including what the local vaccine-denier dog owner knows. Like I sad, dumb people has always existed, we are just more aware now. 

I don't get your second paragraph. I'm guessing it has to do with the article you posted? I didn't read it since it says that it is a joke.
Yeah I saw that this morning and said "nope, wfh".
Well it is, after all, the [Standard Editor](https://www.gnu.org/fun/jokes/ed-msg.html). 
> extended via an actual programming language

Yeah but one of the issues why I couldn't get into Emacs/Spacemacs was that I had to code my config. You can code in VimL but for the most part all the settings are `let x = 1` or `nnoremap k :SomeCommand<CR>`, which seems intuitive to me. Adding a remap on Spacemacs felt so complex and never seem to work correctly (oh! you set it for this keymap but not that one! And this plugin uses it own thing).
I thought that would be elphent.
I grew up with an antenna TV, and I'm a millennial. I can see my brother (who is 7 years younger) being amazed by this (he also didn't know what a floppy disk was). I sometimes wonder if people just call anyone who's young a millennial. 

Though I am surprised that TV stations are still broadcasting that way.
I never understood this mode of thinking, do you think that more people were smarter back in the days than today? Just because there are some dumb people doesn't mean there is some trend, it just means you are more aware of those people because of mass media.
Bingo!
Nope. Close though :) 
Nope. I don't think Ecuador is big on Baseball. 

Another hit, one of the few Hispanic countries that don't do football/soccer. 
....what?!
Nope. Most Americans I've met have never eaten plantains.
We love our plantains and baseball.
I think someone was fucking with OP.
My German teacher in college spoke 5 languages. Her career was teaching languages to a bunch of other people all over Europe and the US. And even the middle East once.
Excuse me, do you know what sub you are in?
Tienes que usar el ü si quieres que suene cuando escribas gue.
No entiendo
First mistake is not being rich....
You can't really compare Java's compiler to Scala's since Java's does very little (for the most part it just checks that your types match, not counting things like "asInstanceOf"). That's like complaining that some large and feature complete application is slower than a simple hello world example. 

A better comparison would be Scala's compile times vs Haskell's (ghc).
Yep, had to look it up https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Wayne_Airport?wprov=sfla1
It was AMONG the bushes! Damn fake news! 
How about no shirt, no bra....asking for a friend. 
Ok, looking at your other replies and these too it is obvious that you don't actually want to answer anything. 

Have a good day. 
lol, well your concept of optics is odd at best. Now he just sounds like a weak leader that can't or doesn't have the balls to fire people (which is quite ironic given that this is Trump we are talking about) but instead whines on Twitter. 

Why didn't he just pull them over to the side and have a 1-on-1 with them? Is he scared of them?
And continuously ranting on Twitter about them is better optics?
There's nothing offbeat about this. This is just horrible. 
Nope, that was just autocorrect. 
When that happens I usually just tell the booth person and they let me through.
Ah, so that's what Fiverr is. Their ads don't convey that info at all.
Wrong sub
He said he already has an OS.
I love the quotes around "front page".
Well it doesn't need to happen statewide, it could happen in a city or town.
F
Well if it works too well then the place will get cleaned up, which means no trash to clean up. I can see it back firing and potheads starting to litter so they can then "clean it up".
Yep. Android and Apple pay are now pretty standard, why the heck not just install a NFC reader on your machines?
Lets say you have the following text repeated over ur document:

`I love to somethimes sing`

You want to fix that typo. Without something like `\zs` you would need to do the following:

`:%s/somethimes/sometimes/g`

That's kind of annoying to type (it isn't an issue here since it is simple, but you can imagine with more complex stuff). 

With `\zs` you can do:

`:%s/some\zsthimes/times/g`

The `\zs` means "ONLY consider the stuff after this point as the stuff to show".

You can also use them in searches. For example:

`:%s/some\zstimes`

That will search for `sometimes` but ONLY select the `times` part (your cursor will move to the `t`, not the `s`). If you have `hlsearch` enabled it will only highlight the `times`. 
\zs and \ze when doing search and replace. It allows you to do:

`:%s/some\zetimes//g`

Without it you would need to write out the complete replace as opposed to a section of it.
YENORME!
It is truly the philosophical question of our time.
I'm midway through Jams advanced combos. Interestingly enough, they seem to become easier after I take a break.
This gotta be a joke...
I knew when I saw these pictures that some people in the comments were gonna wish they were back there. I don't understand how anyone can prefer the city back then.
/r/lewronggeneration
Looks to me like someone didn't know how to put together that cake.
The naming of the game would allow it. Steel Division: Stalingrad 44 or something.
Hell means bright in German, so I was expecting a pun...
Of the quote is that great and you aren't famous, wouldn't they just steal the quote and give you no credit?
Her walk animation is kind of hilarious.
...what?
Ohh, they were using it to differentiate between it and the state of Georgia? I was so confused when I read that, had to wikipedia it to make sure that wasn't the official name of the country (kind of like Macedonia). 
Actually, Haiti used to be considered a really prestigious and rich colony (the most important one on the French empire). After they got Independence, that prestige stuck around for a while, it is the reason we (Dominicans) accepted to merge with they after Spain stopped having influence on the island. 

However, Haiti had to pay France for all of the property that French farmers lost there and that completely crippled Haiti's economy (they never recovered). Haiti tried to heavily tax the Eastern part of the island (future Dominican republic) but did little in terms of actually managing it. This caused resentment there and would eventually lead to the Dominican Revolution. 

So Haiti does have a "big" past, it just got fucked over by France.
This is why I just paste the whole link when talking outside of Reddit.
"YEAH WALL! LET'S PARTY! WOOOHOOOO!!!!!"
Polandball is serious business.
I've had issues similar to this but not with shift. Usually with a random key like w.

However pressing the key again would often fix it. I have noticed that it doesn't happen with all games but SD is one of the games where it happens.
👨💰🙅‍♂️
The weakest of all of them.
🆓📢🛡️🤜🕴️
I can work with this thanks! sadly I can't pause and do frame-by-frame like Brawhalla.
"And then she saw pick de gallo, froze again and we starved to death".
I see no sprites, only boxes. I think the GG version of the site is broken since BlazBlue has sprites. 
You'll be surprised how many people out there still don't do online shopping. Idk if it is because they're don't know, they don't trust the internet or they just think that the sales on the store are better. 

Or maybe it is just tradition? Maybe some people like the whole experience of camping outside the store, running like a manic all over it, and fighting people over some TV or something.
Try to join ranked and wait. Even though rank doesn't matter much, since veterans don't play rank much it means that they will have your same rank, however that's the thing: veterans don't play rank much. So you might find real noobs (like me) there. 

Joining lobbies (even ones marked for noobs) has been hit-or-miss for me (more miss than hit) but I've felt that in ranked I am more likely to find someone my level. 

Luckily the game gives you the option of just joining ranked search while you train, which is nice.
Why would that be a problem? Are you going to be speaking in both languages at the same time?
Yeah, that thing :D
I just got the Hori Commander fightpad (with a d-pad) and I no longer have this issue. When I was playing with my Xbox controller, this issue was constant. 

So yeah, don't use a joystick. If you are on the PC and don't want to buy a new controller (though the Hori is like 40 bucks) you can try the keyboard. I did that too while I waited for my controller. It worked a lot better than I expected (since it behaves like an arcade controller, but with a d-pad) but controller feels more natural to me. 

Also know that your keyboard experience may vary based on how much lag your keyboard has.
Oh so that's why I can't find anyone.
And Fitbib.

EDIT: I've never actually looked up how to spell that company. 
I'm quite confused by the name. It almost sounds like "Amazon Fitbit".
Anyone knows what's that about? Do they just not know how ties work?
I keep hearing this argument for some reason. One of the major problems with the MTA is that NYC's population has massively increased in the last couple of decades, however the train system hasn't changed much. 

Sure, replacing the signal system (and other upgrades) is needed but so is the expansion to accommodate for the new population centers and the overall population increase. It isn't an either-or situation, we both upgrades AND expansions.
You ate at a (too) Americanized Indian restaurant then. 
idk, when I see free wifi, I usually think slow-ass wifi that is unusable. 
"A comet is coming, I feel it in my old bones".
I don't understand how people can have such a short term memory. Did you forget the crisis that we had going on before ACA? Every week we would be getting stories of people losing everything because someone in their family got sick, and these were people with and without insurance. 

The ACA didn't fix all the issues, but things are better now. Why would anyone want to go back to that?
What exactly is a "player lobby"? In the game I only see "ranked" and "regional lobby" (and something to fighting "friends").

Edit: figured it out
So 1/100 people can think faster than you? Freaking pleb. 
Am I seeing it wrong or does he not actually wet the thing?
I didn't know there was a Japanese chess.
It works great. Been using it for years to the point I no longer think about it. I can't imagine not having it anymore.
That's her fetish.
> The competition was stiff.
> "There was a cat, the chicken, a donkey, a little boy," Bamforth said.

That poor kid.
Tú no te ves gay!
How do you seduce someone with anime knowledge? In fact, how do you seduce someone with any kind of knowledge? Even if the other person is into whatever you are trying to use, how does that seduce someone?

I'm into history but I don't get a boner whenever I hear someone talking about it.
This is why I only trust Lisp.
They have a huge, expensive convention center. Someone's got to use it.
I enjoy a "We beat the Nazis single-handily" joke as much as the next guy but this isn't the sub for that. 
That's good I think. A submission statement (sometimes shorten to SS) is just a summary of the article with how you think what the article is saying affects geopolitics (that last part is important. You can't just summarize the article, you must put some thought into how the article relates to current geopolitics. This is in order to avoid the sub becoming another /r/news. 

And welcome to the sub!
Good old Astoria. To make things even more confusing, the Avenues go east-west and their numbers go *down* as you go *north*. I've had a couple of cab drivers try to turn around once they realize that the numbers aren't increasing/decreasing as they would expect. 
Three tanks, no infantry support? Ofc that's gonna happen!
"stroking his lizard"


Is that what kids are calling it now a days? Man, this new jargon is hard to follow...oh that was literal...ok then.
It is down. What did it say?
Nerf the crap out of the freaking 101! I hate that division so much
-_-
I asked a cop once. It says "up yours kid".
Or they could just have it so that when you are creating a new division you get to pick it first, name it later.
I was very focused by the flag but then I remembered that developers often have to change their games to avoid Nazi stuff in Germany. That's gotta be annoying (to both developers and German consumers).
they made a movie?
That would also do it.
That just means you have a traffic problem. Normal cars will despawn after a while but not service vehicles. So if you have a traffic issue it will show its self as a bunch of ambulances.
The only bug I've ever seen is one where I can't select any units or click on anything else. Opening and closing the deployment menu (via keyboard ofc) fixes it. 

However this bug is quite rare. And beside that the game has run smoothly and glitch free for me.
Dying from the plague

Having about 1 out of your 5 children make it pass 10

Ahh, those were the days. 
I love how the ball is being balanced on the rim... srsly, it is just there, balancing. Doesn't Photoshop just auto-magically remove objects nowadays?
Also know that you may want to just click on the map (near the bomber) first just to get them out. This way you can take your time placing the cursor over the bomber while your planes are already airborne.
No, hitting shift + number will just add that group to the selection (useful if you have 4 aircrafts grouped into two groups of two and you want to select all four quickly). 

I don't think Ctrl+shift does anything (haven't tried it).
Oh, that actually sounds useful. Gonna have to reconsider.
> To do so, use the order “Return fire” at the bottom right of your screen in-game, or just press the ‘W’ key

Odd, I've also heard them say that A is for hunt mode. Are they using some weird keyboard? For me, wasd is to move the map and Q is for hunt (and Z for return fire) and I haven't change any bindings.
I'm confused, that's what ranked is. Are you saying that Ranked doesn't have an ELO system?
Wow, conservatives were right!
I love Indian food. It hurts but the pain makes me feel alive!

And the naan is fucking awesome too.
My last game was like that. We lost more points but won. The reason being that the enemy couldn't advance and take over territory because I was replacing my infantry faster than they could destroy them (go Osttruppen!). 

They also made the mistake of trying really hard to take my air supremacy. They managed to do it but at the cost of having no land unit to field. They also spent a good chunk of money on off-field alty which, again, helped they score a good chunk of kills but they had little infantry to follow through.
In non-forest maps I actually do well against them, sadly I don't have control over which map I'm placed in when doing ranked or quick play.
Was wondering this myself. The tip in the loading screen says that church towers give more vision but the LOC says otherwise.
> if your unit can't penetrate enemy's armor, enemy must suffer from supression.

Am I reading this fragment wrong? That is how it currently works. 
Yep. You can also place infantry on supply trucks.
Kohf-feh-feh.
For me it just said "waiting for you to asks me something"
Aww, I wish that sub was more active, it would have helped me brush up on my German. 
I didn't know there was a German version of this sub.
Sure, good luck reading my chicken scratch (I'm barely am able to read it). 
> I find I often over estimate during the actual game.

Yep. You have no idea how often I look at replays and said "wait...that's all they had? Wtf! Why didn't I push!?". 

Often the answer is "not enough recon" or "not enough fire support from arty to ensure my push was safe" or I was just a coward. 
Same, I'm actually not a fan of RTS'es, but SD is so good. 
The Panzergrenadier are impossible for me on the Axis, I can never seem to be able to use them correctly. 

Though then again, they were my first main, before I understood the game. Maybe I need to try them again but I was doing hugely better when I switched to the Luftlande. 
It also doesn't work for me, some people are claiming it works for them. I wonder if certain mice don't work. 
Damn, didn't know that was even possible.
Of course I'm going to recommend CMANO like everyone else here. But I just wanted to add that if you wanted to play a more gamey but still kind-of accurate modern war game, you can try Wargame: Red Dragon 
https://goo.gl/search/Wargame:+Red+Dragon

Ofc it is no where near as detailed as CMANO but it is more realistic than SC or Command and Conquer.
I'm confused, what am I looking at? How did you lose?
Watch your replays. I always watch my replays after finishing a game. 

If I lost, I will take note of what I did wrong. If I won, I will take note of what the enemy did wrong. After that, go to your Deck/Battlegroup and prune it (remove redundant units, units that didn't work well with everything else, etc. Deck pruning should be something you do often). 

Then try again. Practice makes perfect. And ofc there are replays and commentaries on youtube that can help you see other people's mistakes too. 
I wonder, do these people just not want new music? Or do they want the new music to sound the same as the old one?
It's a joke dude, take it easy. Many tech employees like to do things like this if they can. At my last company, I was a Scala engineer and my title, which they let me choose, was "weaker-haskell engineer". I thought it was funny, people thought it was funny, the business people didn't care. 

I wouldn't be surprised if there are more people at Google doing this.
Well the situation wouldn't be the same. If the US started building islands on the pacific and a Chinese vessel went near them, then we would have the same situation. 
Well they weren't wrong. Even though it seems that people are making money off of it, the system is broken. 

* Transactions take forever
* Transactions can be cancelled after they have been sent
* The lack of some sort of oversight allows for runaway inflation and deflation (we've seen this multiple times)

The reality is that I don't get how people are making money off of it. I understand that it is like any other commodity: if people want it, price goes up. Once people don't want it, price goes does. What I don't get is why anyone wants it. 

The concept is cool and it is being picked up by people to do other things, but Bitcoin itself confuses me.
The US ship did go within the 12nm. They were "asked to leave" by the Chinese. 

>  Would a chinese weapon system on one of the islands threaten the vessel or other chinese ships harass or attack the USN vessel?

That's hard to say. They didn't attack this time but you never know what will happen next time. 
The article does mention that this has been requested by the "United States Pacific Command in Hawaii, under the command of Adm. Harry B. Harris Jr.".

Full exert: 

> Until the operation on Wednesday, the Pentagon had turned down requests from the United States Pacific Command in Hawaii, under the command of Adm. Harry B. Harris Jr., for such maneuvers. It was the first freedom of navigation operation since President Trump took office.

Sadly it fails to state why the US Pacific Command in Hawaii wanted this exercise. 
Yesterday, 2017-05-24, the US conducted an exercise within 12 nm from Mischief Reef, one of the artificial islands that China has built military installations on. This is the first time that Trump has challenged China on the South China Sea (Obama had done so before him: http://www.reuters.com/article/us-southchinasea-usa-exclusive-idUSKCN12L1O9). 

The article mentions how Trump wanted to avoid angering China since they are needed to diffuse the North Korean situation. It will be interesting to see how, if at all, this move affects Chinese cooperation there.

Another interesting point the article brought up was Australia and the fact that they refused to help the US in these exercises. This is interesting since Australia has always helped the US in all of its operations as a way to attach itself to the most powerful naval power, since Australia heavily depends on naval trade (https://youtu.be/u-0UHyh5Qu8). However, Australia also depends on Chinese trade, putting them in an odd spot. Does this mean that Australia recognize the claim of China on the South China Sea? 

EDIT: The exercise took place less than 12nm from the island (article unclear as to the exact distance), under which territorial waters are internationally recognized.
I still prefer the 4.4 blobs. They seemed more accurate than the current blobs. 

The Android O ones look even less so.
Nice troll.
`git cherry-pick`
Yeah I'm sure there are establishments (legality pending) where those things for a lot cheaper...
The pot has been boiling for quite a while but there's been a couple of major disruptions in the past month or so that triggered all of this. Then there was the protest at Cuomo's office and his response. This all has kept the ball rolling and hopefully it doesn't stop until something is done.
You're the famous hacker 4chan!?
I like indented languages (eg: Haskell) but I don't think this would be good for Scala. Scala is complicated enough on its own.
Is that the name of the site where he took the test?
That's an incredibly fast shutter. 
Well the thief won. 
If that was true, going up a 5f ladder (you being at least 5 feet) would burn your head off. 
And then people will complain about the devs not caring about certain weapons being OP. 
That would explain the recent and sudden phone call Trump set up with Jordan's king. 
So the best KS'er in the world.
No, Harold, why!?!?
Isn't that what replays are? 
Well he isn't wrong, it is a minor offense (unless the driver hits someone, I'm which case it isn't minor). And before people start freaking out, he isn't talking about immunity, he's talking about not contacting the feds (the drunk driver would still be punished). 
And give how much chaos there seems to be coming out of the WH, figuring out what the hell is going on might take a while (like, a long while).
> You will not live without the Union

We will make sure of it...
I don't get it, those two subs seem to be servicing the same niche. Is there a difference I'm not seeing?
Google: you don't like our stickers? Fine! Make your own damn stickers! 
Kind of off topic but why would gamers want to share their heart rate in their streams? Seems a bit odd. 
.... you're from Texas, should that make your cry?
Isn't he supposed to ask a question? Was there a question in there I missed?
These skins are getting crazy. I had no idea who that was until I saw the Teros signature. 
Same. Not sure if I should upvote or downvote. This sub confuses me at times. 
I was expecting this to eventually happen.

Before the 22nd admenment it was just tradition for presidents to only run twice and then retire. When FDR broke that tradition, the tradition had to be codified. 

Well Trump just broke another tradition, so we have to codify it. Hopefully NY is just the start we will eventually get an admenment on it.
I don't get it. What's the purpose of this video?
Yeah it looks more like a ballroom than a place where I would want to live. 
...what? What is this thing even trying to say?
What am I looking at? Is that a screen on the piano? Or some overlay on the video?
I just noticed that everytime I hear a 911 operator's voice, it is a woman (be it in movies, the news or even when I called that one time). In fact, the phrase "911 what's your emergency", in my mind, is always a woman saying it. 

So this picture confused me. 
Are there any major differences between this and Ultisnip?
There's no way this will pass the Senate, and I think the house member know this.

I seriously believe that the reason they rushed it was because the recess is coming. They wanted to wash their hands off it and blame the Senate for not passing it, while knowing quite well that it won't. This way they have an excuse when their constituents come yelling at them. 
IT ALL MAKES SENSE NOW! 
When we had ours stolen, the bastard cut the box open and took the contents, leaving the box behind. My super thought it may have been the mailman itself since the box was left unattended for about 30min (I knew it was down there, but was busy at the time). 

But leaving the box behind made me question why a mailman would deliver it, then take a knife and open it (why not just take the package?) but I guess leaving the box behind makes it seem like it was someone else. 

That's assuming it was in fact the mailman, maybe it was someone else. Anyways, I hope it was just this guy. 
I thought OP was saying that, which confused me. 
And then they call you spammer, or passive. I once got a Hattori who kept spamming down sword when I was falling back down to the ground. After the 3rd time I learnt to just jump before hitting the ground and punishing. 

And then she kept doing it! Throughout the whole game! So ofc I just kept spamming the counter.

Post game chat, I'm a spammer and a passive player.  This is why I just ignore spammer callers in this sub and in game. 
Yep. When new to the game it is the most entertaining. Specially since a lot of people are going to be coming from SmashBros, but NOT from the competitive scene (more like people who played free for all in smash casually in their friends Cube). 

Or at least that was me. 
Yeah! That's pretty much what I was going for.

My current campaign is that of a "militaristic, xenophobic egalitarian" race. That's pretty much what the Nazis were (except my species if elves). 
Their way of determining if I've been to that store is pretty shitty though. A lot of the time I've never been to any of the places they ask about. Yet Maps nails it most of the time. 
Isn't there a thread about that like every couple of weeks? 
Are they trying to be smart? All I got from that was two people messing around about a show. 
Does anyone else have issue playing gyazo gifs? I've never been able to get them to play on my phone (I just see the ad and...that's it, where the gif should be there is nothing).
What's wrong with Lenovo ThinkPad? I got the T450s and I think it's pretty cool. 
https://youtu.be/gON5k2kw3as
Cuz of that's the current fad, that millennials are dumb. Strangely enough, no one seems to be a millennial. Everyone seems to think that the generation after them is the millennial one. 

Quite an interesting phenomena to be honest. 
Well that's a different dev. 
It is better, I was finally able to finish a campaign (I lost. Damn federations) which is a huge improvement. I used to get bored midway through the campaign and give up. 

It is still not as fun as the other paradox games, but I feel it is getting there. 
All of these comparison should just have (current year) and (current year - 10) when talking about dates. Would save a lot of time.
It can make sense at the state level if there are restrictions on outsiders. For example, when applying for state financial aid for colleges there is a restriction where you must have lived in NY for a year. 

We could have the same restriction for healthcare (the number of years might be different). The system can also work if we have a steady input of new freeloader (an input that the current resident can subsidize) but any spike can bring the whole system down (though that applies to more than just healthcare). 
Nice, another bow! I would prefer Bow + Spear but I like hammers too. 
How does it fix the free-loader problem?

eg:

* Person A has chronic, expensive disease and lives in Kansas.
* Person A moves to NYC where they get free coverage
* Person B, in the same situation, does the same...

Is there a period where people who just moved to NY need to pay into the system before they can use it? I'm not trying to sound like a monster but universal healthcare only works if:

1. ALL states have universal healthcare (either federal or each state, where NY can just charge the original state. This is what they have in Europe)
2. Restrict people that can either enter the state OR enter the healthcare system (we can't have the first one due to the US having free travel between states, so we must have the second one). 

Otherwise you end up with NY'ers subsidizing Kansas, NC, SC, Cali, and everyone else.
     type Division is new Integer with Static_Predicate => Divisor /= 0

Wait, what? How does that work? In Haskell, when you want such a thing, you create a `newtype` wrapper with a smart constructor that returns some sort of `either` type: error or the type itself.

How does Ada verify that? Does Ada just have that built in? What happens if I do `Divisor (0)`? Or if I do `Divisor (n)` where `n = 0` due to it being defined at runtime?
Hello, my name is Bob from Indiana (in a thick Indian accent)

HELP! MY PLANE IS FALLING!

I'm glad to help you with that sir. See the "power off" button? I want you to press that, then wait 10 seconds and press it again.

OH GOD! THE ALARM SOUND IS OFF BUT I'M STILL FALLING

I understand that sir. Please wait with me for a couple more.....**CRASH**....hello? Sir? Are you there? Well I hope we have solved your problem. Thank you for calling! Please hold on the line for our survey. 
Was the rabbit a doctor?
Ah, so Donald was talking about wrestling. Now it all makes sense!
Antarctica is too far from most of the developed world. US, Canada, Europe, East Asia, they are all in the upper hemisphere. Antarctica is only really near Argentina, Chile, Australia and New Zealand. 
No idea what they do, but same as you I don't want to look it up and then prove them right. 
*The Earth is flat*

What? No, it is round. 

*Are you willing to have a rigorous debate with me about this?*

No, I ain't got time for that. This is a proven thing.

*Such a dogmatic belief*
As well as Adventure Time. 
Rarely will both of them be mounted. 
> The main concern at this point is illegals who are violent/break other laws than the ones they broke to come here.

That's what Obama did. Is Trump just copying Obama now?
> Hopefully a more conservative candidate runs next cycle

Are you no longer a Trump supporter?
Ember's down sig is probably the coolest sig in the game. 
> part of South America.

Triggered 
Precedence is a powerful thing. 
Pretty sure that'll get you executed. 
The show should be called "2 pun girls" cuz that's literally all they do, make puns. 
Dude, you need to want to chill out. 
No surprise there. The city is expensive, the further you get away from it the less expensive it is. 
> transplants 

Careful, people will think you are a hipster with that edge. 
Hey that's me! 

Yeah, you had 3 stocks and then you did that, after that I just give up :\ 
The shed must be blue!
Not sure what your point is. 
Oh, so it is just click-bait. Thanks, that makes a lot more sense. 
But why? If people know what country you are talking about, then what does it matter that you call it North Korea?

In fact, more people know it by that name than by its official one. 
> it's just my common sense telling me that doesn't make sense.

Well yeah, your common sense is only thinking about maintenance cost for keeping someone alive. Keeping someone alive for a long amount of time shouldn't be cheaper than killing them. 

And it isn't, what is expensive is all the legal work to make sure that the person you are killing is actually guilty (which, again, [we sometimes get wrong](http://www.newsweek.com/one-25-executed-us-innocent-study-claims-248889)). The only way you can make it cheaper is by cutting corners and decreasing the percentage of certainty that the person being executed is guilty. 

There is simply no other way, anything you change to decrease the cost will increase the chance of an innocent person being executed. 

And here lies the main reasons why I'm against capital punishment:

1. It is expensive
2. If you get it wrong, you end up executing someone innocent. You can always release someone who has been wrongly arrested and given a life sentence; you can pay them lots of money and say "I'm sorry". You cannot do that for someone who has been executed. 

I also, personally, don't think death is a punishment. Once someone dies that's it, they are done. How is that a punishment? Keeping them alive and aware of what they did, the fact that they can't go where they please, the fact that everyone else they knew is out there, enjoying the world while they wait for death in a box. That seems like more of a punishment than death. 

?
I don't get it, why?

> The authority says it plans to organize trainings on the proper terms before imposing fines

This is a complete waste of tax money. 
What would you change? The reason it is so expensive is because we want be as near 100% as possible that the person is really guilty (which we don't get right all the time). That's where the cost is. Are you saying you want to do away with that? I hope you aren't. 
> I certainly feel some crimes warrant the death penalty instead of 3 meals, a place to sleep, and state benefits funded from taxpayer money

Even if it costs the taxpayers more money to execute them? It costs 10 times more to put someone to death than to keep them in prison for life.

https://www.forbes.com/sites/kellyphillipserb/2014/05/01/considering-the-death-penalty-your-tax-dollars-at-work/#61fad1c5664b
At first I thought they were speaking English with a heavy accent.
I'll answer with a question: why should it be?
My main issue with the show is that it has no charm anymore. It was entertaining seeing Leonard trying to get Penny, Howard being a creepy loser and Raj becoming mute when around women. And Sheldon being Sheldon. 

But then Leonard got Penny, Howard got married, Raj can talk and Sheldon has sex. After that point the show just had no theme anymore, the show should have ended when Sheldon decided to "run away" ages ago. They just milked it after that, like SpongeBob (which should have ended after the first movie).  

Shows either die good or live long enough to be milked and wasted. 
Because it gave people nightmares. 
Everyone who didn't have a Google home was probably confused by that add. 
Allahu Armok!

Edit: actually it should be "Armok Akbar"
Fucking pleb. It is mæstro. 
Nope. Had to learn that on my own. 
What kind of valuables can you find in the sewer?
Iirc, it was a joke. They wanted to have something on the west that is akin to the Mongol invasion on the east. It was never meant to be taken seriously though, just a joke/handicap. 
Could you ELI5 this? Reading the wiki post it seems to be related to compiler details, which I'm not well versed on. 
We all known Kanye West is gonna be the next president. 
> source


> The gif itself....

WTF?
> Judge Dhir said when she was called to the bar in 1989, most barristers were male, white, from a public school, and with "some connection" to the profession

For people who may be confused, in the UK "public schools" are schools that are funded "by the public", meaning not the government. Essentially, they are what we in the US call a "private" school. 
Ok, let's try that again in English. 
You're taking a SQL class? I was never offered such a thing. 
Yep. I give between 10-20% more than what I make. Boom, just got a 10-20% increase. 
> This is not the first time Nivea has run into trouble with its advertising. Back in 2011, it apologized for an advert that featured what appeared to be a mask of a black man with an Afro hair style and a beard. The copy accompanying the ad read, "Look Like You Give a Damn. Re-civilize Yourself."

Lol, ok, that's pretty bad. 

> Pepsi (PEP) was accused Tuesday of appropriating the Black Lives Matter movement to sell soda, after it ran an ad that showed model Kendall Jenner offering a Pepsi to a police officer during a protest.

Meh, can be insensitive but not that big of a deal

> Chinese detergent company Qiaobi apologizedlast year for an advertisement that showed a light-skinned Chinese woman throwing a black man covered in paint into a washing machine.

Err, ok, that looks bad but I don't see anything inherently racist...

> After undergoing a wash, the man emerged as a light-skinned, clean Chinese man.

Ok, WTF? That's just flat out racist. None of the previous ones were that direct. 


Why do taxis exist? People can just summon their cars willy nilly, so no idea why some people feel the need to call a taxi. 
I'm confused, how is this related to pizzagate?
That did not sound half bad. They should do more call to prayer techno style. 
> who are bringing crime, drugs and rape into your city.

Hey, some of them are good. 
Check the date. 
> Things don't have to be complicated, they just have to be properly taught...

Yep, that's my point, if they had done C or Java then they would have gotten it. 

The only reason people think Haskell is hard is because they've never done Haskell. Just like how a Haskeller thinks Java and C are hard.

For example, I can't decipher C code. Whenever I see non-trivial C code it it looks like gibberish.
> Well, coming from C and C++ I found it pretty hard to learn

Changing paradigms is always hard. I've met people who've never programmed in Java/OOP. It was so hard explaining what a "class" in Java was (it is like a module, but it holds data like a data constructor, but it is also a type. Yep, they were so confused). 

>  also almost never see Haskell projects on Hacker News or /r/programming

Yeah, Haskell isn't as popular as everything else, that's known. But do you think that means that no one uses it for real stuff, or ever will use it? I mean, Facebook uses Haskell heavily (their anti-spam system is written on it) and I have noticed more and more startups popping up using Haskell (I worked for one). 

Haskell is a full, mature language, and it is getting more and more user friendly (specially in the last 5 years) and more exposure due to the new FP trend going on; I would not be surprised to see it become more commonly used.

I highly recommend you learn it, even if you never end up using it (learnt Haskell in order to better understand Scala). It will show you that things can be a lot simpler than what they are (hence why every other language keeps stealing stuff from it). 
> Haskell is too big of a jump for people to adopt it.

What makes you think that? 
And you think that because.....
Wait, but this doesn't explain how it currently works with plain Ctags (or Universal Tags). Somehow they manage to be vi-compatible. 
Oh, that's the issue? Like I said, I was just trying to follow the spec. 

Ok, I can just have a flag for "vi-compatibility" and add it if people want it. Thanks!
I love Wu's down spear. Not only is it epic but it also catches people off guard. 
I'm mid plat and I once played with a friend who is new to the game. I had so much difficulty since he kept not doing what I would expect someone to do. 
Ok, most of them are saying stuff like "10 pounds, 6 inches" or smaller. But then that woman comes and say "15pounds, 16 inches". 

16 inches! That's over a foot! 
I thought it was a D. 

Do.
That's actually really bad. There will be people that will not pay and then, all of a sudden, they'll get chased by the IRS later on?
Yo
> Water Wigglies make great stress relievers because they're fun to fidget with and hard to hold.

How's that supposed to be stress reliving? Something being hard to hold would make me more stressed. 
He must be using some sort of software or hack to have the other character match his moves. 
I'm sure the ACLU would jump on the opportunity to help her out. I mean this is setting a dangerous precedence: you can't make fun of the president. 

Sure, Trump is a brand, but it is also the name of the President. As far as I know, if you can't make fun of the president then that's it, game over. 
Tell me about it.
Until when should we wait? Is there some period after which you say "you know what, you were talking out of your ass"? Or should we wait indefinitely until evidence shows up?

Should we just never question any statement made ever again because "why not wait and see"?
it is a combination of history and noob-friendliness. The latter because someone new to Haskell would need to understand typeclasses in order to use a function that is well understood in all other languages. There is also the issue of type inference messing with it and giving you a larger int type that you wanted (if you aren't careful, which a newcomer wouldn't be). 
> Number 3 as long as it contains voter ID requirements is something that republicans have been asking for right?

Yes, the issue with voter ID laws have nothing to do with requiring an ID, it is with requiring the CURRENT IDs we have (DMV, etc). They are not free or easy to obtain for lower income people. 

If, for example, we had a national, free ID that was given to every citizen on birth/nationalization OR when they turn 18 AND it is easy and simple for everyone to get it (mail it?), then sure, go ahead and require an ID for voting.
lol. Ofc! I can contract for 1k an hour, and I work slow. 


^my ^plan ^worked!  ^>:D
That's the only reason I can think of why some places have that restriction. Which is BAD! Not only because they aren't sanitizing their inputs but they are probably also storing passwords in plaintext. In the example above I've been using plaintext for the passwords (for simplicity). In reality you want you password to be "hashed" and "salted".

Hashed means running the password the user puts into the box via function that will return some gibberish. I won't go into detail about what that gibberish is but the interesting properties about it are:

1. It is fixed length. No matter what the size of the password is, it will be the same length. This is also why I'm scared whenever I see a password requirement of "no more than X characters". Why? Are you not hashing your passwords?!
2. For different passwords it will be different, but it will be the same for the same password. 
3. It is essentially impossible to get back the original password once you have hashed it (turned it into gibberish).

That second point means that you, the developer and storer of the password DO NOT need to know the password! User puts password in, you hash it and store the hash. User wants to log in, you take the password, hash it and compare it to the hash stored. Done, you never stored the user password anywhere! And you can't get it back because of point 3. 

Now one issue with the hashing (gibberish) is that if a lot of people have the same password (`password` is the most common password after all) you can figure it out since you can see that multiple people have the same hash/gibberish. This is where "salting" comes into play.

It essentially means NOT just hashing JUST the user password but also a known-key. It could even be the user's username (since that's unique). This means that now you hash username + password (literally just combine them together) and get back a different gibberish even though the two users have the same password. This is must better since now there will not be any duplicated gibberishes in your DB (so the password `password` will have a different one for each user). 
Huh? This is an oversimplified example, it is in no way meant to be production code. 
Sanitizing means cleaning up inputs before they are placed into the query language (the DB language) so they don't cause issues with the language itself. The example I used above was oversimplified in order to get the concept through, so now I'll have to get more real. 

You see, when you write the query that will be executed by the DB it is just a string.

`val myQuery = "select name from user where password = '$password'";`

where `$password` is the variable that holds the password the user entered. Note the `'` (single quote) around `$password`. That's means it is a string itself (a string within a string). 

If the password the user enters is: `123'; drop user table; --`, then we have an issue. The query above expands into:

`val myQuery = "select name from user where password = '123'; drop user table; --';"`

So what do we see now? It is no longer one statement! Now `myQuery` will actually run TWO statements: 

`select name from user where password = '123';`
` drop user table;`

The `--` at the end means "a comment" (essentially, ignore anything else that may come after this, which in this case is another `;`). 

So what does sanitizing mean? It means replacing that `'` from the password with something that won't confuse the DB language. Instead of just plopping any data that the user might put into the password box, you need to make a function that will convert: 

`123'; drop user table; --` into `123\'; drop user table; --` (the `\` is an escape character. It means "do not interpret the single quote as a special language character). The user can still type `'` into their password, nothing will change from their point of view, it will just be correctly stored into the DB. 

Now (I think, I haven't done SQL in a bit) it is safe to put it. The password of the user is literally what they entered BUT it won't inject code into the DB. Now, you shouldn't actually be making this function yourself. You should instead use some sort of library to do the sanitizing for you. Sanitizing it yourself can lead to you missing cases or introducing new angles of attack so you should use a proven library instead. 


Yes.

The whole new-way-conservatism going on right now with Trump is actually pretty liberal by comparison to the previous GOP. Go to /r/AskTrumpSupporters and it is interesting to see how many are actually pretty liberal, they just aren't liberal enough to be given the title. 

For example, they don't believe in abortion rights yet, but they've already changed their minds on single payer.
I would have no issue if IDs were given freely to all citizens, maybe even at birth/nationalization (some countries do this). Idk why the US doesn't do this but I suspect it may have to do with the whole distrust-of-the-government that is embedded into the US culture. 
I know, this example didn't use true SQL (note that password wasn't a string either). This was all for simplicity sake (delete user table, I think, is simpler to understand that drop user table)..
Normally, databases use some form of language to communicate in. SQL is a pretty common language. This language usually has the following syntax:

`select name from users where password = 1234;`

This means, find me the 'name' of the 'user' with the password 1234. The `;` means end of statement. Anything after the ; is a new statement.

Now, ofc you won't write 1234, you need to put the actual users password. So you ask your user to write their password. This means that what you, the developer, write is 

`select name from users where password = $password;`

Where $password is a variable, it is whatever the user wrote into the box. 

Now here's an issue, remember that ; means end of statement. What happens if my password is `1234; delete user table`? 

Well if the developer wasn't careful and made sure such characters are recognized correctly then our statement above becomes:

`select name from users where password = 1234; delete user table;`

Shit! We just ran that! Remember, `;` means 'end of statement' so when we ran that it interpreted my ; as the end of the previous statement and 'injected' a new, dangerous statement. 

It should be obvious what the `delete user table` statement does .
Yes but what would be the point of getting someone up there? They would just drop like hell right after (unless they want the end-of-season rank rewards. But if that's the only reason you are playing then....Ok....). 

In MMORPGs this usually makes sense because if you are a higher level then you get to do things you couldn't do before. This doesn't really apply to fighting games. 
ThinkPad bro! 

Cool sticker, I should put something on mine. 
Tell me about it. I can't make efficient rooms in DF because damn Nazis stole a really nice and efficient shape. 
I don't understand what the point of that would be. Glory points are the end of the season?
Ahh, you almost had your Darwin award. 
In a moving bus? Hell no. 
I know, hence the:

> I'm confused....
Because "proof of residency" sounds like what your local, residents-only park asks you to show in order to let you in. 
It used to be (long ago) then they switched it and made dlight be the combo starter. Now it "seems" like they tried to bring it back but it seems it doesn't work. 
Berthen explained it in his videos. When you dodge in a direction you are still vulnerable for 2 frames even though you are already moving. In this case, when you dodge up, you move away from the hitbox using those 2 frames. 

https://youtu.be/0_Sz7yAfHWc?t=29m25s
It seems to be true if you manage to hit the opponent with dlight's middle hitbox. This means you can't be too close or too far from the enemy when you do slight. 
Yep, it seems it is true at certain distances. Tried again multiple times. It seems to be true if you hit it somewhere in the middle hitbox of dlight. Which means you have to be a certain distance from the enemy when you do slight. If too close or too far, it doesn't seem to be true. 
I'm confused, at first I thought she was talking about residency in the town (they only serve local people, though unless it is some weird theme restaurant/club, that would be a dumb policy) but the article evolves into an anti-immigrants stance. The question isn't ever answered. Did the waiter want proof of legality in the US or residency in the town? Likely to never find out since he was fired and isn't likely to come out to the media. 
I've never seen this before. Something is up with your connection. Ping isn't the only thing that determines how healthy your connection is (though it is usually a good indicator). Maybe you are dropping packets? Try running tracert and seeing if you are dropping them. 
Really? How? Bow now has no true combos. And no, slight -> dlight isn't true. Don't believe me? Go into training​, set the bot to dodge up on reaction. Now try the combo. 

Bow has no true combos anymore. Can you beat someone with it? Sure, combos aren't needed to win but that doesn't change the fact that bows are now UP.
Yep, there used to be a wall where Wall St now is. It protected the early southern manhattan settlement (New Amsterdam) from the north. 

https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/08/Castelloplan.jpg

?
For that to work the boobs would need to be pretty large, lying on the table, and he is just....leaning on them. Ouch. 
> If you can propose a moral dilemma, and have multiple people make multiple choices as to what the moral response is, then there isn't an objective morality.

The assumption here is that because multiple choices exist, then that means none of them are objective. But that's not necessarily the case, one of them COULD be the objective one. Just because there exists some objective truth, it doesn't mean people won't be able to hold non-objective "truths" (things they think are true, but aren't). 

For example, the Earth is round. That does not stop people from believing that the earth is flat, or a disk, or on top of a turtle. 

Ofc, we can test the objectivity of any such physical phenomenon (like the earth being round and suspended, not on top of anything), but we don't know how to test the objectivity of moral codes. 

I made a different comment that goes through some cases (with no result): https://www.reddit.com/r/iamverysmart/comments/5zppb2/meanwhile_over_at_rjontron_its_shitposting_as/df0uqrq/
Bookbag? I don't see anything about​ a bookbag in the article. 
....according to people who whole morality to be not objective. That's the issue, it is a catch-22 kind of deal. A person who holds a moral code to be objective (which they would need to in order for it to be a moral code) would mean that that person believes all other codes are wrong and immoral. Which is something that might be true, there maybe be someone out there who holds the true, objective moral code and the rest of us are wrong. 

Of course, it would be hard to measure; what makes a moral code "objective"?

Is it consensus? If so, how much? Would anything below 100% be objective?

Is it an external being (god)? If so, what makes god's moral code more "objective" than anyone else's? Just because he's a god and the creator doesn't necessarily mean his code is correct. This case just moves the question.

Is it internal? Following the whole "I think, therefore I am" axiom, is my moral code THE only moral code since it is THE only moral code I KNOW exists?

Or, as you said, are moral codes just an illusion created from the order we, as a society, create? In the US we think it is morally wrong to not allow women to drive; in Saudi Arabia, they don't (though that's changing). I like this one mostly because it is simpler and requires the least assumptions. 
 
I should get back to work. 
Well if you are an utilitarian, then you have a set of believes you believe are objective (ie: the most good to the most people. Though what is "good" isn't answered by it). That's the thing about morality, you can't really hold a moral code without thinking it is objective, otherwise it isn't a moral code, it is an opinion.
Ah, I see, so Congress will get together, let's say the Speaker of the House and the President Pro Tempore of the Senate since those two are the highest members of each house that are legally recognized and in Congress (the highest member in the Senate is technically the VP, but he's not in Congress, so we don't want him). 

Ok, cool, this sounds great. So these two get together and select this third party agency. Just to keep things clear they select the agency for 4 years, and during those 4 years they will submit the report to Congress (we can't be selecting the agency for each bill, that wouldn't scale).

But since the House Speaker and the President Pro Tempore might not be that versed on economics and stuff, they should ask both budget committees for recommendations since those committees may have more knowledge on which agency is best to do these estimates. 

You know, this is a great idea! [We should definitely do that.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Congressional_Budget_Office#Director) Don't you think?
Not if the position is required. Think about it this way: if we didn't have the CBO, then that means Congress would be passing laws blind. What effect will this have on the budget? On the deficit? On the economy? 

No one knows, there will be many politicians saying that they know (and they will tell you what they think will happen, this is happening right now); but the reality is that, unless someone sits down and actually does the math and ACTUALLY writes a report, then no one knows shit. It is all speculation and gut feelings.

I can assume you wouldn't (nor anyone else) want that. That would lead to policy being made on the gut feeling of people in Washington. 
That was me when I was an edgy  teenage atheist. 

Now I'm just a boring adult atheist.
You wouldn't if you were the best one at it. I mean, what's your company gonna do? Hire someone who is worse than you?
Still not countering neither statement. 

You seem to know quite a bit about illegals behaviour. Unn, the chance that /u/sockmess is illegal, I say, has gone up. 
Two years? If that's the case, can I just not buy insurance, when I get sick for the first time, buy it (can't deny me)? Then, let's assume my illness is eventually cured, cancel it? Finally, I wait 1 year, 11 months and then buy it again for a month just to cancel it again a month later? Then I can just repeat the last step for the rest of my life. 

> .... because generally the employer will negotiate with the insurer for their entire workforce.

I thought Trumpcare *required* that the insurer increase the premium by 30%. Is that just for individual insurance?
Nothing you just said countered the statement "there is a chance he is not legal". Nor did it counter the statement "there is a chance /u/sockmess is not legal". 


That's an odd statement to make. There's a chance he also isn't. There's a chance you aren't too. 
> I think schools should allow clubs for students who want to express their religions sure, but no school funding.

This is already the case. My school (in liberal NYC) had that.

?
> Education about a religion does not restrict your right to practice another.

> Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion....

It has nothing to do with restricting the worship of another religions (though that part is there), the very first sentence is about "respecting the establishment of religion". Public schools teaching a religion would mean the government "respecting the establishment" of that religion. 

?
> Why is obamacare not good enough?

Because you shouldn't make an overall statement from a single faulty point (not saying they got it wrong). That's like me getting a bulls-eye every time, fail one time, and you continuously yelling that I am the worst shooter in history. 

Saying they got Obamacare wrong isn't enough, we need more data points. 
The CBO is not perfect, but it is the best thing Congress has (it is better than others). Without it, Congress would essentially be passing laws blind. And I assume that's not something you, nor anyone else, would want, no?
I would think Trumpcare would make business want to decouple even more. With Trumpcare, if you have a gap in insurance, then that means higher premiums. I don't know how it relates to employer-provided care but whenever I change jobs, which is often (common in the software engineer industry) I lapse in healthcare (I never choose to continue it because I know I will be getting one on my next job).

There is a grace period (of 2 months I think) but I could go without work for 2 months.

So given all of this, doesn't Trumpcare makes it harder for employers to hire? Won't there be a chance, if the employee hasn't works for 2 months or more, for the employer to have to pay a higher premium? This could lead to a class of people who are untouchable (can't be hired by anyone due to super high premiums). Or they could be hired without the benefits, in which case we have the "people without insurance" problem again. 
How do you think Trump, in 4 years, will change that?
> so what do you use emacs for?

> It is my text editor

> Yes, but what do you use it for? What do you code?

>  ...emacs
Obama used to give a weekly address via YouTube. Would you like to see Trump do that instead? This way he can be as specific as he wants, without having to limit himself to the 140 char limits. 

The address was also a production, so no random 6am angry tweets. 
Well you gotta do that kind of business at an Italian restaurant, everyone know that. 

But if you're poor, the Olive garden is where you go. 
> but he won't ONLY say what Trump tells him to.

Well as the spokesman he has to improvise. Trump can't give him a card that says "say this and only this", he has to react to whatever question, in whatever way it comes. If he didn't do that then it wouldn't be a Q&A, it would be an announcement. 

This is why Trump needs to be clear and concise, not just to Spicy but in general. He can't give Spicy a note saying "say X" while, the night before, sending a tweet saying "Y". Poor Spicy must wake up every morning dreading looking a Twitter. 

>  I can 100% guaruntee you he still believes there was a wiretapping.

Do you think Spicy went rogue? You don't think Trump, after considering what he said, and the repercussions of it, didn't just tell Spicy to say that? Today was the deadline for Trump to give evidence of the whole thing to the intelligence committee, it is obvious that this was a simple, though dumb, plan to just get out of having to do that. 

Whether Trump actually still believes he was wiretapped or not is besides the point, but blaming Spicy over his performance today is simply shortsighted. Trump is simply, once again, backtracking on the face of opposition. 
> If they have to pay a lot in healthcare, they can put their account into a negative state, but they still need to contribute to it.

Can you elaborate? What does that mean? Who pays off the balance? Can I just put a penny and it counts as "contributing"?
I'm confused, do you think Sean is his own man? He is the spokeman for the White House, he says what Trump tells him to say. If Sean seems to not be able to get a message straight it is because Trump can't seem to communicate to Sean what his message should be. 

I actually feel quite sad for poor Spicy, he probably has the worst job in the world right now: the job of bridging reality with Trump's head. 
About fucking time. The fact that Verizon broke their contract yet nothing happened was embarrassing. 
Note every circle has at least one person in it. 

Now you know why allo isn't on the picture. 
You must be new here, expecting clear and concise rules from the mods. 

Dude, the mods do whatever they want. So the rules are whatever the mood of the mod is at that moment. 
That would be bow + spear, which I am waiting for. 
He wants to drain to swamp so he can get whatever is at the bottom and place it on his cabinet. 
Yeah but those usually mean things like constants (in Java). You aren't writing those often. Or not as often as you hit ctrl or ESC. 
Srsly? Still waiting on Bow + Spear :(
`xcape` for Linux, `karabiner` for MacOS (know that they are having issues with the Sierra update, so idk if it works. I haven't upgraded so I'm fine). I have not found anything (that's reliable) for Windows. Though my Windows machine is a gaming machine and I wouldn't want feature when playing games. 
Yep, but know that Karabiner is currently having issues with the Sierra update. I haven't upgraded so I'm fine.
Why would I ever need to do that? 

But if you have a use case, I guess you can remap the ctrl key to be caps lock. 
So VEVO doesn't compete with YouTube? I would think it does. 
Isn't the mnemonic part essentially Ultisnip? 

Also, even better than ctrl-[ is to remap caps lock to be control when held and ESC when tapped. 
Literally unplayable
Well the healthcare law isn't really to fix your issue. If you have the ability to choose to change insurance like that, then you are fine. In fact, removing Obamacare might benefit you (for now, until the whole thing falls). 

I'm on the same boat, removing Obamacare will actually help me in the short term because I will pay less taxes, but that's not the issue. The issue is everyone else that is NOT us having issues. Obamacare didn't stop the crisis, it simply damped it, now the GOP wants to un-damp it and call it a day. 

This whole thing is a mess. 
He can't. The only way to override the NY law would be for the courts to state that it is unconstitutional. Or for Congress to pass an amendment. Or for Congress to, somehow, manage to abuse the Commerce clause again and force NY (and other states) to remove such laws. 

?
> going back to the pre-Obama situation.

Why would you want that? At this point I thought everyone agreed that the pre-obamacare crisis was, well, a crisis. The crisis still exists, but Obamacare managed to damp it. 
>  I support our president because I think he legitimately wants to improve our country

I don't understand this part. Do you only support him because you think he wants to improve the country? I mean, all politicians want to "improve" the country, the issue is on HOW that should be done; that's where politics comes in. 

Is there a specific "how" that made you support Trump vs someone else?
Sorry, my vimL is weak, what is this doing?
If it isn't QM, it is metaphysics. Is it because it has the word "physics" in it? Cuz the two couldn't be further apart.  
> The new mission comes as the Trump administration weighs a plan to help Syrian rebels take back Raqqa, the de facto capital of the Islamic State.

So they are helping rebels, not the gov't forces. So I doubt they were "invited" (unless you recognize the rebels, in which case you can say "they were invited by the rebels"). 

?
Well change was coming from within it, and Assad fought it back. /u/pancakes 's statement seems to imply he is fine with the US helping Assad fight the change coming from within. 

?
And you decided to put some decorative stones in there because the fish is a drama queen and needs her decor? 
And you decided to put some decorative stones in there because the fish is a drama queen and needs her decor? 
I love how he specified that it was "her female friend". Gotta let people know it was two girls, one dude. 
Mrs. Schulz wants the schlong. 
Omg it is actually called that! I thought this was going to link to some congressperson calling it that. But nope!
Err...Wait...What? 
How it works is: it never hits your opponent, but it always hits you :(
Srsly, that was a huge disappointment.
Idk why people hate Hawaiian pizzas. I think they're great! I once ate this one with pineapples, chicken and BBQ sauce and it was awesome! 
Oh, I didn't notice! Thanks!

omg, it has been 5 years since I decided my brain wasn't useful and started using reddit. 
Yep. They make a passing mention of it in Mexican news channels, maybe a little history but that's pretty much it. 
The first photo implies that the law applies only when off the beach. 
Oh right, forgot about that. I do love me some chicken kebab. 
Is like one of those action karate movies. 
I've already started saying "halal" and "Haram" IRL. Don't worry my Muslim friends, this scare is all part of the assimilation process 
Future? Haven't you paid attention during Cinco the Mayo? That holiday is a lot bigger in the US than Mexico. 
Nexus 6p 7.1.1, still nothing. 
This does not answer the question I asked.

?
I'm quite confused. I keep seeing these kind of Machiavellian comments here whenever Trump does something bad or seemingly bad. 

Are you actually condoning or ignoring this? Wouldn't this make Trump exactly the same as the politicians Trump supporters tried to remove? 
Viva Barraza!
Personnel*
I write `u'r`
I had a co worker, who was Chinese, and she hated how hot source in the US never means hot. So when we went there for the first time she drenched it all in hot sauce. 

She was able to take like 4 bites before giving up. 
So across the street? 
> Hours after we reached out to the sanitation department, the city dropped its prosecution of the summonses

Wow, so a judge told them to stop it and they kept at it like whatever. But a news channel gets involved and things get resolved ASAP. Damn, media has more power than a judge it seems. 
For Lance:

Something to know is that most, not all and it gets harder on high plat, Lance players are super predictable. They just spam jump, dodge forward, dair backwards. If this do this, then just punish them by staying under them and hitting them when they come down. They may also do jump + sair towards you, this one is harder to punish due to the range but know that it has a sideable recovery time. At the end of the day, that's how u beat Lance, abuse their long recoveries. Nair is the hardest for me to deal with and I deal with it by just avoiding it :)

The weapon I've found to be most useful again Lance is blasters due to the range advantage and the ability to counter most Lance moves with either nair or dair of blasters (since they are either above you or below/near you). 

For axe, I don't have strategy. I mostly just try to outplay them but that's heavily dependent on their skill level. But I know spacing is the game of the game when it comes to axe.
Can you be more specific? Spam is an overloaded term that people throw around willy nilly. 

And I've seen people be called passive for literally not walking into their opponent's attack. Seriously, I was called a passive spammer because I kept waiting for this Hattori who kept spamming down-sword sig. She did it all game so, ofc, I just learnt to wait for it and punish her. End chat was filled with "fuck you passive spammer".

Then played against her again and, well you look at that, she didn't learn and kept doing the same shit. So ofc, keep doing the counter. End chat again filled with "fuck you passive spammer". This is why the words passive and spamming lost their meaning for me. 
How the hell can you cry? WTF were they expecting?
I don't want him to do anything in particular, except maybe take responsibility as a president should. 

?
He finally sounded like an adult, which is a great improvement (though I feel it shouldn't be). 

But at the end of the day, not much was said. He still just said "Congress, do the thing" where the "thing" is "give me Obamacare, without it being Obamacare". He also, ironically, went full politician with the dumb "we will give you everything while cutting taxes". We know for a fact that this isn't possible, I predict Trump will continue the ages old tradition of increasing the deficit more than the previous presidents. 

Finally, it was interesting that he said multiple pro-Democrat things, we'll see how he follows. It could just be nice-words. 
Both or either. It really depends on the person. For example, back when I was in Silver people called me a spammer for NOT using sigs (while they would use sigs over and over again, which are easily countered by normal attacks). But I've been also called a spammer if I happen to use too many sigs for their liking (if, for example, they keep approaching me incorrectly and I keep down-axe with Barraza). 

So a spammer can be anything, it literally means "I lost and I'm salty".
Applying induction with a single data point, rookie mistake. 
> “This was a mission that was started before I got here,” Trump said. “This was something they wanted to do. They came to see me, they told me what they wanted to do, the generals, who are very respected — my generals are most respected we’ve had in many decades, I believe. And they lost Ryan.”

This is like Kennedy's bay of pigs fiasco, where he trusted the generals and everyone and failed. 

Except that unlike Kennedy, Trump is blaming the generals when in reality it is his fault because that's part of being a President. 

I'm quite worried that this will continue to be a problem. Trump simply doesn't take criticism or blame, two things a president MUST be able to take.

?
Yep, my gf saw it on our fire escape also eating a pigeon. Someone else posted about it. I'm wondering if it is the same. We got an Astorian bird of prey!
I thought I was in /r/youdontsurf for a sec there. 
Adding to that: if your opponent is spamming, then you are spamming. 

The only way spamming works is if it hits you, but if it hits you then that means the opponent is doing the same thing over and over again, and it is hitting you. But the only way that can happen is if you do the same thing over and over again. 

Essentially, you are spamming and they are spamming the counter to your spam. So stop spamming to stop the spam. 

I can't count (back in gold, and sometimes in plat even) how many times I've been called as spammer for just waiting for the other guy to do their predictable move that they've been spamming all game, and then just punish them for it. Then rinse and repeat. 
Supply and demand. There is plenty of demand (not only get men watch it) but there are a lot less gay men than straight ones. So by extension there are a lot less gay men actors than straight ones.

This makes the few straight men actors, that are willing to do it, very valuable to companies. This means they get a higher pay which encourages them even more. 
I would buy one if it instead made those random, unhelpful bible verses. Like

> Genesis 15:9 - The Lord answered, “Bring me a heifer three years old, a she-goat, three years old, a ram three years old, a turtle dove and a young pigeon.”

Or

> Genesis 25:30 - and Esau said to Jacob, "Please let me have a swallow of that red stuff there, for I am famished." Therefore his name was called Edom.

Like everyone is always just quoting palms and crap, give me random verses about people eating or god asking for random shit! 
I love how in the video, when it said that, the second hand was around ten...AROUND ten, it did not actually line up. 
Context for the whole cutting the forest:

https://assets.rbl.ms/6454657/980x.jpg

Left is Haiti, right is DR. 
Wait, who took the photo? Did someone get out and stand there while someone drove? Then I guess they backed up to pick up the photographer 
What? No, the US is the unholy birth of an orgy between UK, Ireland, Spain, France and Russia. And to make things worse/better, the orgy is still going on and India, China and the whole middle East just joined. 

Eventually it will be a world orgy. 
/r/lewronggeneration 
No! He does not get to chill while the world goes to shit! /s
How do you say "nice try" in Russian?
Cuz they're the personalities, they're the ones that are entertaining. 
> How was I dragged into this?

How? YOU WANTED TO! No one asked you to or attacked you! You just wanted to get shit back from the Russians. 
The chicken and sausage jambalaya is my favorite 
How's this offbeat? This is just sad. 
Yeah this is confusing. Are they a foreign entity? Lol
I just want to make sure you are aware of what you are saying. Regardless of whether there is a coordinated attack or not, regardless of whether all Democrats are disruptors or not, what you are saying is "the minority should not have a voice. The representative should only care about the majority". 

Realize where such a precedence can lead and remember that you weren't the majority a year ago, and there is no guarantee you will be it tomorrow. Would you be OK with such a gamble?
So these representatives are only representatives of their party? Not of the district they won? If that's the case then we need to rethink how this whole federation and democracy thing work. 
*personnel
Hate it when maps just end up being population density maps. This is just Italian population density!
Yeah the MAGA hat is great! 
Says it was shut down, I'm guessing the money goes back to the funders. 
Dair, dair, dair, dair, dair, dair, dair....
A rally usually requires more than 5 people. 
Twitter. Someone posts something and it goes viral (regardless of whether it even actually happen) and news sites feel they must talk about less they'll be the only new site that doesn't. 

It also has the advantage of being a free article for the writer. He/she didn't need to do any research, interview anyone, or anything. Just rehash a tweet. 
Good-old integer division. 
This is an issue with QM and every-day language. I took QM in college so I can follow her (for the most part). The issue with trying to explain QM in every-day speech is that you are trying to explain an equation. Everything in QM is an equation, that's it. Why does tunneling happen? Because an equation says it must happen. Why are these things in a "superposition"? Because an equation said so. 

You can see why it becomes so hard to explain.
This is something that is worrying currently. Idk if the hybrid thing is just a temporal thing for them or not. 

However, they did announce a new (not yet released) collection of hybrids for 2017: https://www.wareable.com/fossil/q-accomplice-modern-pursuit-armani-exchange-q-grant-2016

This leads me to think that, at least for the foreseeable future, Hybrids are here to stay. This is Fossil after all, they're business (historically) has been watches. Hybrids aren't that far of a leap from their average business, I think.
Wait until the new collection goes live. They announced a new, thinner, better looking collection for 2017. I'm waiting for those since the 2016 version ones are kind of bulky and have less features. 
I recently found this video explaining the president's security when traveling: https://youtu.be/YJRqB1xtIxg

This all seems required. Which part do you think we could do without?
Well yes, but his sons are immediate family, not extended. 
Can you elaborate on your point about the extended family? SS only covers the president's immediate family.
I don't get it, did he complain about Ken too?
It looks, from the picture, that the sig for hammer was Bodvar's current side hammer.
This is the image that gets displayed when using NVIDIA GeForce Experience to "optimize" (that just means setting full-screen and the resolution) Brawhalla. 

Is this an old game image? Did Orion have a hammer? What's with the blasters on the top left? So many questions.
Red/Yellow
Yep, I can see the meetings going one of a couple of ways:

1. Everyone in the company just agrees with each other. Probably either the company isn't doing anything hard, innovative or controversial. 
2. Almost everyone in the meetings agree with one person; no matter what this person decides, either because of charisma, experience, or history, almost everyone just goes with what he/she says. Ding ding, there's your leader.
3. People in the meeting can't agree with each other on important decisions and there isn't one person that pulls everyone in or overrides everything (and by extension takes all responsibility). More than likely the company is a disorganized mess with little action and a lot of wasted time in meetings.

This all reminds me of multiple startups I've worked for where they try this "flat organization" or some other revolutionary thing (like voting for managers and CEOs). They always ended up messing with the flow since you ended up with people just not knowing what to do and a shit ton of meetings where nothing gets decided. In fact, we were even featured in a news article talking about our unorthodox process and it kind of sounded like this article. 


http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/837/229/214.jpg
This is an odd deflection tactic. Are we supposed to now ignore when the president says something that is a flat out lie or when the president seems to not be of right mind because of some emails?

Hey, Dems did bad thing, so you cannot, under ANY circumstances, question God emperor Trump!
I thought I was there. Almost upvoted without looking. 
He delegates...a lot...like, all of it.
Is he that mentally lost that he can't remember whether he won the most votes in the primary or in the general? I know the guy is old, but I hope he isn't losing it THAT bad already. 
Good-old post-moving. 
One thing that I just realized that's bad with PFs syntax (as defined in Scala) is that you can't fail on a case. 

    mapMaybe g [1..5]
    go 1 = Nothing
    go n = someFunc n
    ...

With PF syntax you would need to do something like `if n /= 1`, which is simple in this case but can grow unwieldy specially if you are trying to do multiple "good" cases (you would need to do multiple case match layers or copy the `if` over and over again). 
Well we wouldn't be copying PF from Scala directly. I mentioned this in the post, our version of PF would be equivalent to `a -> Maybe b`. Inheretance and all that mess would not be in Haskell, ofc. 
I don't see how that's bonkers, specially if the function isn't a function but a partial function (ie: a -> Maybe b) on a specific function `mapMaybe`. 

Nothing besides the cost of efficiency and the possibility that this already exists with Kleisi shows that this is some crazy idea. The sad thing is that you still need to fully define your functions which is kind of annoying. 
Ohh, this looks interesting, thanks I'll take a look. 
That is not how it would work on Haskell (nor should it work on Scala). That's an (idiotic, I think) choice by Scala to call 'unsafeApply' by default instead of the safe one that returns an option. 

The little implementation that I made (gist in OP) would expect `f a` to return a `Maybe`.
Oh, I wasn't aware of cloud Haskell (I've heard of it but never looked too hard). It looks like Akka (only thing I've used that I can compare it to) which ironically enough is what my example tries to emulate with the "receive". 
I see, I wasn't aware of their cost. Thanks for the insight. 

> I do think this thread is full of misunderstandings though

Yeah, I find it odd. My very first sentence was how I was not talking about partial functions as defined in Haskell, yet it seems a lot of people seem to think that's what I'm talking about. I guess it is hard to envision them unless you've seen them (I don't know of any other language that allows them, for better or worse). 
It isn't,  besides the utility functions it is the same. It is literally a syntax change. 
I think you misunderstand me. In this world the type definition of `mapMaybe` would be:

     mapMaybe :: (a ~> b) -> [a] -> [b]

Note that it isn't a normal function, but a different type. So there isn't any implicit or magic happening (and type safety is maintained). 
No, nothing automatics happens, the gist I posted show this. Essentially it is a different type, not `(->)`. 

In the gist I used `(~>)`. This would not be the same as normal function application. In this world, `mapMaybe` would take a `~>`, not a `->`. So there is no implicit conversion or anything magical happening. 
> Discussion of how to solve the problem appropriately has occurred, over and over and over

That's what I asking for, do you have a link or something?
Still not sure I follow. I can see how `fail` for Maybe can give the default `Nothing` if a case doesn't match, but that's not really case-matching like how PartialFunctions in Scala allow. 

Do note that I am aware that Maybe can be used to do what Scala does with PartialFunctions (in fact, `mapMaybe` already uses that, which is similar to Scala's `List.collect`). The syntax I'm talking about would be something like:

    mapMaybe :: (a ~> b) -> [a] -> [b] -- new defintion

    mapMaybe go [1,2,3,4,5]
      where
        go 1 = 1
        go 2 = 2

When ran, this wouldn't throw a match error, but return `[1,2]`. 

EDIT: Added "new" definition of `mapMaybe`. I think I wasn't clear that this is a new type. 
Not sure I follow. How would the Maybe monad replicate this?
That's how I voted. Clinton seemed like the more stable of all of the options presented and the fact that she was secretary of state led me to believe that she would be good give the current world stage. 

Domestically I sided with Sanders but I believe we as Americans have a duty to think not just domestically but globally. We are the world's hegemon and we must think of everyone, not just us.

Sadly that wasn't the case in this election. 
https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/02/07/remarks-president-trump-roundtable-county-sheriffs

How's the White House website for a source?
Idk if that's supposed to be a scary face or a silly face 

"You used to laugh at this!"
Someone needs to add the "I've seen some shit" meme (the one with pictures from the Vietnam war). 
Dota2 Character called Nix. He/She/It plays that soundbite every now and then (among others). 
People keep mentioning this book in my replies, what is it? Why is it that pretentious? 
I use "offline reddit": https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=hr.redditoffline&hl=en

Sadly it is kind of buggy, but it works for the most part. 

Yes but you can't SHOW other people that you are reading a book. It isn't really about reading. 
/r/iamverysmartInlewronggeneration
> unless you have none, in which case **buy one, add a flair, and then return it.**

FTFY
This. People seem to think that Sanctuary Cities is this horrible thing where cities are fighting to protect criminals. Sanctuary Cities is just a side effect of our federal system. I find it ironic that the people calling to "punish" sanctuary cities are the same people who would turn around and cry about "state rights". 
> a Dominican Republic newspaper ran a photo of the actor portraying Trump instead of the president

I'm Dominican! This makes it so much better. 
This is some manly diplomacy 
Funny, but the title isn't onion-like
I live like a block away from there. I passed by when there were a bunch of people protesting there but the last week or so I just see people dancing or hanging around the area. I was wondering whether the thing was still streaming, I guess it was. 
How do you do that?
I thought that was Poland. Was quite confused until I scrolled down. 
...And now you are on a list. 
Use the Boston case? Dafuk does that mean? Does he think he can just pick and choose which court to listen to?

Thankfully his "people" knew better and explained to him why they can't just do that, but omg this is unreal! 
All I'm imagining is a guy walking around with his dick out through his zipper. Not really a sexy look. 
Need some help reaching nirvana 
What! There's a new samurai Jack movie?
I've gotten some flak for this but Bernie and Trump were pretty similar, but from opposite spectrum. 

* They both embodied the anti-establishment sentiment
* They both focused on "middle class and middle america" (as opposed to focusing on Foreign Policy or identity politics)
* They both focus on "bringing the elite down and helping the little man"

Where they differ was on their style, their way of achieving those methods (Trump going for the whole "bring back the factory jobs", Sanders with a more "make the rich help the poor and middle class"): capitalism vs socialism.

Now, ironically enough, the reason I didn't support Sanders (even though I sympathized with him better) was because I thought he could not be elected given his comments on socialism and radical ideas (I thought YOU guys (the GOP) would eat him alive on a general election). But then you guys turn around and elect Trump and say "fuck off" to the traditional GOP ideas! Now I'm regretting not supporting Sanders, he would have had a MUCH better chance at beat Trump than Clinton. 

Oh well, hindsight is 20/20.
> Any man who must say 'I am the king' is no king. 