Forum snowboards, Koston eS' shoes, and new Mission Hill episodes.
Steezy
The SEs tops have gotten so good. I have a 30th anniversary SE and the top on it is fantastic. Unbelievable for the money.

https://i.imgur.com/DM5MG4Yl.jpg
Already have 
Didn't fix the problem but made the game much more playable. Giant thank you 
Cheers 
Temps are fine and monitored by both EVGA precision and hardware reader 
Just league unfortunately:/
Does it regardless of vsync. Around 39 fps 
Finally got an STI huh??? Love me some Isuzus.
Fuck that I'll take knights of the round

1 shot of Jack Daniels
1 shot if wild turkey
1 shot of Jim beam

You get the idea 
Why am I getting low fps on ALL graphics settings?

About to just uninstall and give up for good.

Fresh windows install, checked oc on gpu, checked Nvidia power settings, disabled game bar, checked monitors set refresh rate, fresh league install, etc. I've done everything I can think of.

Ryzen 1600 @ 3.8 GHz
Nvidia 1070 SC
16 gig ddr4 3200 mhz
I love "Stairway to Alabama". Best song ever.
I didn't sign up to this site to be lectured by a mere non mortal. Back to your hard drive, foul beast.
I've researched them fairly alot and, at least for ge8 owners, the larger majority truly do believe that it nearly eliminates all initial turn in understeer/plow, as well as actually makes the overall road feel more comfortable.

However, it is still lowering the car rough 1.5 inch. So road feel is probably improved upon compliance on rougher highways/overall car feel, vs general "road feel" relating hitting pot holes/driving down shitty beat town roads.

If you don't live in a major heavy traffic urban area, I'd highly recommend the springs. Having said that, I haven't ordered mine yet so take everything I say with a grain of salt.

2012 fit sport owner
AMERICAN CHAIR SLAM!!!! AMERICAN CHAIR SLAM!!! SEND HIM TO HELL!! SEND HIM TO HELLLLLL!!!!!!!
Agreed. Stacked up to cars of the same year in higher price brackets/classes, the fit isn't going to be able to trade blows in terms of comfort/refined characteristics. That's not saying anything about the car is subjectively bad at all really.

As far as ride quality, which at least is something I would even remotely be bothered enough to issues complaints on, seems to be rectified by picking up a set of Swift springs and having them installed. You'll just have to deal with the drop, which looks awesome but will make you be more cautious regarding potholes/driveway entrances.
For sure. Easy to laugh about this stuff until you realize two actual people are going to grow up and be damaged permanently by her selfish actions.

Gotta admit she's hot though.
I've surfed /b/ enough to know a troll when I see one. The edit is just too good.
Underrated comment 
I had a (what I presumed to be) schizophrenic hippie white guy with dreads that couch surfed at our place for 100% free for nearly 3 months.

When we ended up moving, the day we were loading the uhaul, he just layed on the couch and stared at the wall the entire time. We weren't sure if he had another place to go or what.

So we do all the work and get moved into our new place, and one of our roommates comes back to the new house with the same dude asking "hey do you think it's ok if he crashes with us for just a little bit more? He doesn't have anywhere else to go." So the house agrees. He lives with us for free in the new place for nearly 2 months until he asked my roommate for a cig and some weed for free at 5 am. Then he kicked him out.

He also wore down the joysticks on my PS3 controller from playing like 40 hours of Bayonetta. Still pissed about that.
Sick find. I have a pair of goat skin 'eS that would fucking slay with that coat.
Sick coat, what is it?
Makes me thing of the monty python sketch 😂😂

Crucifixion? 

No actually they said I could go
That design on the front is fucking out of this world. Opposite on as a red side by side would make a sick piece in a theme rig.
But can you use your frying pan..... As a drying pan??????


If you look at guru3ds ryzen review, he explicitly mentions at the end how he feels quad cores are feeling obsolete when it comes to general windows use. It's considerably snaplier on the r5 platform.

Again. Intel will mainly get you better optimization and more fps. That is the only benefit.
He's.... A Jewphin.
Bruh I just died on the toilet at 8 in the morning.
Agreed. If gaming is literally your only concern this is the way to go.

Ryzen would offer close gaming performance but would offer much better windows/multi tasking usability. But factor in the insane cost of higher clocked ddr4 and that adds more on to the cost as well.
Lol dude your money is gone. Move past it.
Damn that sucks man. If there is some way to be found I'd be happy to help. Clean everything up and see if it's still operable. Best of luck and stay safe.
I don't know if it helps or not, but I have a spare ryzen 3, a amd 1100t CPU and matching Asus am3+ Mobo with 12 gigs of RAM, and some spare cables/pieces I could send your way if everythings a complete loss 
Damn that's alot... Got my pro on black Friday for $350..

Import costs are crazy.
Bloodborne and ratchet and clank is free this month. Consider a return
ONE OF US
ONE OF US
ONE OF US 
Yup same one i have! 
For sure my sc 1070 can mostly do 2560x1080 at 75 fps constantly but even that's a stretch 
I feel like making the jump to 1440p would require a 1080 or more for constant 60-75 fps
Bruh I was happy with my 75hz lol. Welcome regardless! 
Cringe
Are you like 3?
Nemesis???
-No point in upgrading to disks, Itd be hard for anyone to use the discs up to their potential over drums.

-the sprintex with the tune will maybe net you 140 whp. If it's a good tune.

-dont waste time on the short ram intake. The stock air box's design is the go to intake outside of doing a full cold air intake install.
Eh gonna be hard to find a set of springs at stock height. I'd just stick with OEM at that point.
General consensus on fit forums is that Swift springs are the best direct swap springs, should lower about 1.5 inches and retain (or most say improve) stock ride quality.

Be wary of cheap coilovers/springs. And be wary of dropping too far down without adjusting camber.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OP delivers 

Currently have a R5 1600 clocked at 3.8, 8 gigs of 2933 mhz ram, and nthe EVGA SC 1070.

with the gpu oc'd by Guru 3ds recommend increments, I have gotten the following benchmarks from the last few days:

Arkham Knight (4k, high, AA on,) 60 fps with vsync (intermittent fps drop with Nvidia special fx on, but it's a broken port regardless)

Project cars 2: 1080p high/very high with SSAA on low: 55-60 fps on full online lobbies of 20+ cars

GtaV 2560x1080 (ultrawide): very high, grass on high, msaa x4, near constant 75fps minus night/day transitions

Rocket league: lol c'mon

I would say any brand new title is going to need all AA besides fxaa off, but can hit 50-60 fps on high settings, but any title not within 1-2 years of age is near ultra 4k present range.

I'm sure with a 1080 or ti you could hit all settings ultra at 4k, but I really personally at least find the graphic quality difference between high and very high is negligible.

If you can find a 1070 for MSRP is, I'd say make the jump. 

Went from Nvidia 860m>Nvidia 960>amd 480 8 gig>evga 1060 SSC> EVGA 1070 sc
Arabian niiiiiiiights 

Damn street rat.
Nooooo definitely not a shot I took! It was borrowed from the land of the internet. 
Thanks I printed that out and framed it like 5 years ago. Always liked it and kept it since.
Cheers thanks. It's still coming together here and there. Would really like some proper monitor mounts but I'm dealing with space constraints
For sure I used to own the blue one. Was my first serious guitar. I ended up getting rid of it when I got a bit bored and stopped playing for 2/3 years. Kind of wish I had it back. Was a super solid guitar.

The c-1 standard has the same scale length so when I picked it up and felt it out, it was crazy how my brain was like "ahhh yes I remember this" and immediately went back to business on it as if no time had passed at all.
It's a c-1 "standard" (not to be confused with the c-1 classic)
Love that ceilight light setup. Great use of what was available.

A.  Where the hell did you get that couch?

B. What tower speakers are those in the corner and how do you feel the sound field or positioning of them works out?
Dark Souls in a nutshell.
Damn great response and insight 
I would agree that job wise there aren't alot of long term career positions that I'd really consider at all, however as a soon to be returning college student, I do like the area for lower cost of living without a large amount of crime. It seems like the only true good career options are the Arsenal and management around here. Forget anything involving graphic design, computer science, etc.

But maybe lower cost of living goes hand in hand with people not willing to try as hard. They know it requires less so they put in less effort, which is great for families and people sick of working 60 hour work weeks, but bad for younger people that like to be lazy.

There's nothing wrong with being lazy now and then, it's when it starts to become a habit that it becomes a problem.
Yeah I feel like the QC crowd is young and hip, but they aren't coastal hipsters. You'll only find giant diverse sushi options in major metropolitan areas (LA, NY, etc.)

Having said that, the sushi place in the mall isn't bad.

Unfortunately, younger people just end up eating re-heated frozen meals like Applebee's, etc.

I always try to go to other places like Sippis, Capriottis, Charlie's Subs, Central Standard, etc.
For sure. Wish we could more shows/people like the Picador in IA city used to get.
You're telling me. Our apartment complex "fixed" the parking lot here by essentially repainting it... 

Don't even get me started on 53rd. Feel bad for anyone with any lowered sport coupe.
Dude you think that's bad? The Chick Fil A on 53rd REGULARLY has so much traffic it backs up into 53rd. They send out a cop to play traffic cop for at least an hour or two 1-2x a week.

Foods good but for the life of me I don't see the appeal worth waiting that long for.
Hell yeah, I knew it.

Nice style, OP.
Hahaha is that kirby I spy on the very left border of the picture???
Just don't look at the price tag! The LTD can be picked up for about $1500, but the esp is closer to 4-5k
It says my account has been here for over a year.....
Hasn't the river bandits been rated one of the best minor league parks/clubs in the country for like the last 3 years??
Siiiiick. This ones in my top 3 holy grail, along with the camo bullseye Zakk Wylde Les Paul and the Sonic the Hedgehog ESP limited run shred machine.

The silver pops alot more than I thought too.
Sounds like a twist ending to a Dark Souls game
Cue Bonesaw 577 and Patty on the couch.

WAOW THATS A BIG SNAKE!!!
Naruto opening/closing songs.

Japan has some insane alternative rock music that reminds me alot of older American alternative like Taking Back Sunday. Super good riffs, great tones, creative songwriting.
A COSMIC CASTAWAY 

OH YEAAAAAHHHHH
Hahahhaahahahaha
Anyone else hear Macy Grey?
Pretty sure Jesus wouldn't like seeing you in a vape shop. 
I mean it's over a year old and I just picked it up so I was going off that basis. Didn't know rules were so strictly enforced here 
SO NO ONE TOLD YA LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY 

(cactuars clapping in back)
Ff7 remake and the inevitable series of limited run merch.

Hard to think about wanting something so long and getting it.
Love renting single player games I wouldn't usually buy from there. 

I also love spending 30 fucking dollars on candy when I shouldn't be doing it at all. But I'm stupid so I can't help it. So I grumble and pick up my annually watched copy of "Secret Life of Dogs" and eat myself into a diabetes diagnosis.
Holy shit this is legendary
He looks like Jim Gordon from Batman.
KRAIG START THE REACTOR!!!!!!
Is this what it's like to smoke crack?
Sorry guys. Keep your heads up. We all can have hope to see someone again someday.
"She got a big booty, so I call her big booty."

Birthday Song - 2Chainz
Lol what an incel. Get a fucking life.
They actually have 750 locations nationwide, having added like 130 new ones in 2016 alone.
Idk about Blockbuster , but here we have Family Video and it's actually fucking awesome to go there. 4k Blu rays take up so much data to stream and they rent out almost every new move in 4k. Let alone renting 1 player PS4 games you wouldn't really want to buy otherwise.

Tack on decent priced candy at the end and that's how they fucking hooked me good. Apparently the company is doing really really well too.
NANAKI ;_; YOUR FATHER WAS A HERO
Set it for a fan curve button and have every single fan run at 100% so it sounds like a jet taking off.
Replace abrotions with health care (which is what an abortion is) and realize how fucking ridiculous what you just said is.

Smh 
Not all games have a pro patch that makes them run at 4k. In the article it said that if the system notices it isn't running a 4k native res that it would use the SS option.

So having that SS option on a PS4 game with no patch that would otherwise play at 1080p would be an improvement, no?
Hmmm... So is the super sample option a choosable one or will it just be implemented automatically?

This would be good for alot of game that DONT have a pspro patch option, it would essentially allow a anti aliasing option that the standard PS4 couldn't offer. But will it not work at all if the tv is a 4k tv instead of a 1080p tv???
I see he shops on DH Gate 
I ROCK. AND ROLL. ALL DAY LONG. SWEET SUZIE.

I CHALLENGE YOU!!
Damn super clean del sol. Really like this one. I'd leave it as is, honestly.
None. You don't have glaucoma, and even if you did you'd be so high you couldnt tell the difference in the first place 
Tv prices go up exponentially above 55 inches. Id suggest a higher quality 55 if money is a big concern.
Obligatory graphics cards comment.
Nah I know the difference between the circle making it halfway then stopping when I get punched. All 3 of my options stayed greyed out and unselectable.
Da da da DAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Hear Joe Rogan in my head scream "OH GOD HEAD KICK!!!! HEAD KICK!!!!!! IT. IS. ALL. OVER.!!!!!!!!!
Uh BB just had one of their best years ever... What the hell are you talking about?
Lmao whatever you say dude. I remember being 14 too. Don't cut yourself on that edge
Lol is that it? That's the great troll response? Why even bother with making a profile to troll if you're garbage at it? Do you really think normal people get worked up over strangers on the internet?

That's why you're an incel. You're not normal. You're a societal failure. So you come on here and try to shit post and it's not even funny or successful. Just a half baked effort at being edgy. There's not one funny or successful troll in your entire post history. "Hurr Durr your husband is ugly". "Samsung is shit m8 LOL"

Riveting success, dawg.
Shit troll is shit. Go back and practice on /b/ and try not to let everyone see all your shit posting in your profile. It's a dead giveaway.
0/10
The fact that you had to clarify that really speaks volumes.
I'm not sure if this was an attempt at an insult or not, but if there's one thing I know that none of you know about, it's having large, protruding bones. So I'm gonna chalk this up as a compliment!
Cheers to that!!
Uhhh...... Ok then....
I am the Chad. It is my being. Just as yours is the spirit of the eternal virgin, which you've carried through one life to the next.
Having sex with my girlfriend.

Not that any of you would know what that's like.
Bruh I'm like 32-76 and you're telling me it carries over to ufc3?

3 inches away from cancelling my preorder. I'm just starting to get better at the game now, I don't want to start in the hole online.
Pastor Ash knows Gary is a huge asshole
That's fucking crazy. I bought my 8 gig XFX 480 for $280......
Someone on Craigslist near me is selling a 1070 for "$900 firm".

Shit has gotten out of hand.
Hahahaha he's like a brown version of our chiweenie 
Hahaha I'd say that's a fair answer!
That goddamn Final Fantasy 7 remake.

I just want an HD date with Barrett...
Full on Oregon Trail dysentery death.... GG
Hi I'm Sean Evans, and this is Hot Ones.
V20 still had the battery removable 
Ah yes the feature everyone asks how to disable asap lol
Better yet: buy the cloud core for $50, then buy the A40 TR mixamp for $100. It works much better than the built in virtual surround sound of the cloud 2s and you can plug in other headphones down the road into the same mixamp.
Wild fuckin turkey.
The Warriors.

"CAAAAAAN YOU DIG IIIIIIIITTTTTTTTTTT?!?!?!"
They've gone to plaid....
Extra Asian sounds like a restaraunt option 😂😂😂
Before this color was available on the newer SEs, I strongly considered buying it for the color alone. Looks sweeeeet
Damn son
To be fair, initially you had to be OFFERED the opportunity to purchase a Ferrari, so it's a bit different.
Easy there, Roseanne
So he's releasing.... Fake news?
I don't think it's modding, I think it's any turbo model in general.

Having said that, on the cross point it's not like EVOs are any better maintenance wise.
Bdubs are has drastically dropped in quality. 

I'm fond of Sippis wings though. Oddly enough, checkers and Sonic's both have decent boneless wings as well.
Dubuque/rockford
Had some guy here in the quad cities last night in a VW station wagon apologize and say "I hate to ask I really do but do you have any spare money or change I could use for gas?"

I had like $1 I gave him but when I saw him actually walk up and try to count out the change for gas, I just told the attendant to put $10 on his pump from my card.

Don't know if the guy really needed it or not, but he just seemed down on his luck. Regardless if he needed it or not, I hope it helped in some way and that he doesn't do it to tons of people.

Giving up $10 to help some guy get home doesn't seem like a big deal to me. People just get bad circumstances sometimes.
Subarus the best winter car.

When they're not in the shop. Which is basically always. Any car you have to pull the engine on for spark plugs is nope city for me.
GG /iamverysmart

Nothing else will top this. We've peaked.
This shit is NUCLEAR

N-U-C-L-E-A-R

THIS SHIT IS NUCLEAR

N-U-C-L-E-A-R
OP please that's not a juke... That's Razzle Dazzle.
Hahahahahahaha
Almost passed up a free Moto Z2 ($800+ retail) to PAY for a v20.

That quad dac and that camera are the shit.
Moto Z2 force checking in. Still running great! 

To be fair it's only 2 months old....
"Regional autocross champion"

-only won 1st place out of 2 drivers

Shiggy diggy doo. What an accomplishment.
Excuse me while I take a walk around on my wheel

WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Zoop zoop bitch
Somebody shop Rodney Dangerfield on this dog please
My grandpa told me when I was helping sell some stuff from our house right before we sold it after his retirement. Him and my grandma raised my sister and I, their grandkids, and my grandma passed away when I was 16. She didn't have life insurance so he had to pay her funeral costs out of pocket... On top of that before she passed away she got identity fraud from buying too many things on QVC.

My grandpa told me that to add on that, he ended up loaning a co worker who "really needed the money" nearly a $5000 co sign for something and, of course, she never paid the bill, making him do the payments so his credit wouldn't get ruined. He always does things like that for people (helps with gas, fill their tank, whatever) because he's too damn nice.

I don't know how he made it through literally all of those things happening at the same time. But damn do I love him and appreciate everything he did for us.

Nice to see him happy now snowbirding to flordia with his new girlfriend. Deserves every bit of it.
I don't know what that is but it sounds appropriately cool looking. So good one.
You won't go blind from a fucking dog paw barely touching your eye.

Calm the fuck down.
Find a new job.
I'm sorry but did anyone else just hear "if loving you is wrong, I don't wanna be right" playing quietly there for a second?
Is this place ran by a high school girl?

You people literally have nothing better to do than see a individual that followed someone and try to put them on blast for it? 

I know the dudes been fucking up lately but dear lord..... Talk about blowing things out of proportion.

Reminds me of a clingy old ex I had. "DID YOU JUST LIKE SO AND SOS PAGE?!?!?!?!?"
That gif made me laugh too damn hard 
God I don't envy the guy that dates a girl who goes on Reddit and makes long winded posts about how unsatisfied they are with their sex the second they walk in the door from probably a long ass day of work.

Have you looked into counseling? For yourself?
Breaking news at 9: my milkshake is bringing all the boy anchors to the yard.

Public opinion mostly agrees that damn right, it's better than yours. More at 11.
That last sentence..... I'm so lost.
Getting two birds stoned at once
We just call our chiweenie puppy Leia by one of two names:

Corn Chip or Hot Dog
Also hit 4 GHz on a asus b350f strix board
Missed a .5 cm hair that's now stuck under it!

DO IT AGAIN
Yeah don't understand it. In all 3 previous PS3 ufcs I was pretty solid online.
Excuse me while I take a walk on the graves of my enemies!!

WEEEEEEEEEEE
True story I tried this last night and ended up winning like 3 in a row..... Crazy.
I've completed them all on hard and won 17 career mode fights...
I've been doing ranked 
Update currently 10-36 with -22 points in division 1
Ps4 but I don't feel like investing much time. I have like 6 other new games And I don't have time to waste on a soso game with a high skill ceiling.
I was always too pussy to ball up and let that creepy toad eat you in the first one.
Came expecting a Final Fantasy 13 joke and saw none. 

Yeah it was linear but I still liked it.
If your storage space is mostly used you could notice some slowdown in day to day operation.
Bought a ex some expensive Victoria's secret perfume and a expensive Hollister dress when I was 16 for Christmas.

She got me a pack of Slim Jim's and a pair of walmart reindeer boxers.

Safe to say we didn't put in the same amount of effort.
I hated depressing movies because to me they're a waste of time, but the Truman Show is fucking genius.

Like seriously. It's a MUST WATCH. That scene where's he's starting to figure out something or someone is watching him and does the martian thing in the mirror is the best thing ever.
Suggested shot: 64 yards

Club selection: 342 yards
We trained him improperly, as a joke.

IF YOUVE GOT AN ASS, ILL KICK IT!!!
C3PP
"Y-you're not buying a pair of fucking buuuuuuurp of fucking Pure Boosts, Morty. We're not bureaucrats."
It's 4 da shorteeeeez
Boondocks without Aaron isn't worth watching. Unless he came back let it stay dead.
612 wharf avenue. Go.
Name checks out. Move along.
Thought it was great before EVERY SINGLE CAR had it's boost on. It kind of takes away from the centerpiece car. Still cool though
Butterfinger cream
Oh special snowflake, did I hurt your feelings???
"I'm no musician"

Well I'm no english major. Which is probably why I'm not flat broke. But thanks for the suggestion
I stand corrected, then. You learn something new every day.
Touche
I'm not responding to this 50 times so I'll just copy and paste:

had asked how much it cost, and I was told $4,000, so I was kind of saving up my forced-call money, thinking, ‘At the end of this movie I’m gonna buy that baby... And it’s gonna be my memento that I give to myself.’ I got a few zeroes wrong -- it was a $40,000 guitar, and it was also a museum piece, so I never would have been able to buy it… 

So there is no confirmed source about who, what, or where appraised that guitar at that value. But if you do any basic research about guitars, you'd find it's not hard to believe its worth considerably more than $40,000.

I am not a fucking master luthiere with a PhD in music instrument value and history. I'm a 26 year old eating leftover pie and smoking weed that happens to know a small amount about guitars.
For anyone interested, the guitar Jimi Hendrix played at wood stock was purchased by a Microsoft employee for 2 MILLION dollars and sits in a vault he owns.

I get the difference between an artist playing the guitar in terms of value vs just a guitar from history, put 100+ year old anything is hardly disposable.
I did not put a price on it, I am reposting the said price from the 500 articles posted about the incident.

Takes 2 seconds to Google it.
I believe they said it was only insured for the "purchase price" which was the amount Martin was reimbursed.

60s fenders/Les Paul's even ASSOSCIATED in ANY WAY, SHAPE, OR FORM with Led Zeppelin/Jimi Hendrix sell for near that.

This is a 100+ year old acoustic guitar from the END ALL BE ALL KING of consumer bought acoustic guitars.

It was probably worth more than $40,000.
Lol it was a $40,000 (estimated) piece of American music and luthiere history dating back over 100 years. It's like calling the Constitution "just a piece of paper".

A century old wooden instrument that STILL WORKS is not "just a guitar". It is the literal definition of priceless.
Holy shit
Immediately makes me think about the South Park episodes with the Jonas Brothers....

Mickey doesn't fuck around.
Hi /incels
Lol I'm pretty sure you can buy an English degree for like $15 online.

I mean it'd have just as much value as the real thing.
A visual representation of how power ballads killed the 80s. This is one of the last lingering images of that lifestyle before heroin and whiny screaming took over the radio.
Yeah fedoras and witch hunts are. On 4chan, at least raid threads are full of people that admit they are assholes, vs people on Reddit that do it behind the guise of "Social Justice" to have an excuse to follow a group of outraged people that just want to destroy somebodies life. 
It's not? I couldn't tell.
Capriottis always
I'm not the one replying to a half hearted Reddit comment I made to kill time while I'm closing at work.
Sorry I still have some remnant 4chan flowing through my system.
Hi my name is Reddit and religion is BAD. 

Now excuse me while I go jerk off to trap porn and video games.
Unexpected custom Robo reference
Wow don't these idiots know there's hot single MILFs in their area dying to talk to them? The internet already told me that like days ago. 

Somebody fill these suckers in.
Nobody likes a quitter
BRENDON!!! DONT EVER DO WHAT I SAY BRENDON!!!
I GET IT NOW!!! THE KEYHOLE IS BILLY MAYS!!!!
I'm interested into getting into a writer/editor advertising job for Turner down in Atlanta. Prefereably for Adult Swim or CN.

I only did a year of my associates and stopped on fear of sinking debt into a useless degree.

What would be a good point of entry for a job like that? I have 6+ years of retail/customer service and have done a great job of incrementally moving up the ladder between jobs.

Should I seek out a degree or is there a way I can market myself without one? I don't mind getting one but I prefer avoiding debt as much as possible.
We have a chihuahua/daushund mix and they look so similar as pups.

http://imgur.com/nCsq1en
All hd remakes ( many can't be gotten on PS4)

Demons souls 
Ff13/13-2
Fat Princess
Nhl 12
Skate 1-3
Bayonetta
Little big planet
Heavy Rain


A. Grow hair long
B. Become effecient at styling it
C. Get some kind of paste hold for certain sections
D. Depending on hair, get a spray conditioner/moisturizer to prevent frizz
Damn I guess it's really true that back in the 80s everyone was way less buff then now.... Crazy. Thought Zack would be ripped.
Win the genetic hair lottery.
Zoop zoop
I can't get to sleep.....
That is grade A fucking bullshit. I beat more expensive cars in my regular Turismo R (or FREE ELERGY RH-8) all the time.

Most online races also have catch up on throttling anyone out front.
God you're cringier than he is
The house for sure. Got a TON of special blend/forum stuff for dirt cheap.
Don't rock a moustache

Go to the gym

Get some nice clothes

Upgrade teeth
Not sure exactly but I have a '12 sport model and it's in the chameleon style "orangeburst metallic" color which I also just love. Wish they'd use it on more cars. 

Only color I like more on the ge8s is the blue.
I'm digging it. We're years past the black kid from high school musical jokes.

Looks like someone you'd see in a magazine
RE-RE-RE-REEEEEEMIXXXXXXX

Me everytime I'd be a passenger in this thing. I'd cause a wreck so fast.
Damn nice eyes/eyebrows
Fair enough
I mean if a set of $250 pickups is holding you back from buying a guitar... Then I guess.

I'd take the playability and just switch out the pickups for hundreds of different options any day of the week.

Unless you buy into "tonewood" bullshit.
Seriously can you guys shut up? They're throwing out answers literally as fast as they can type.
Can you take off that tin foil hat for like 2 seconds?
I clean my bowels out every week with Taco Bell. They're clean as can be. Practically pressure washed.
I want this so bad but I have studio monitors on my desk that take up space.... 

Guess I need to get some stands
I'll take heart failure over 80 years of shit food.
'eS skate clothing/shoes, A&F for jeans/henleys
Dude I payed $450 for my 1070 barely a year ago!!!!!!! You got it for only $70???

Also agree. The 1080ti is close to the highest end card you could get. No reason to buy it.
Yup.
Nothing surprises people more than sitting down in Abercrombie jeans and a supreme shirt and mentioning how Love Hina is underrated.

Just because I don't look like a weeb doesn't mean I'm not.
Thought this said take a bowl.

Don't mind if I do.
Good lord
Damn that sucks dude. If you ever come to America I'll help you out.
Best song in the game 
Was not disappointed by this comment.
Cozy
Great work. He did a very solid job.
What in the fuck...
Eh I'm no Trump fan by any means, but I think you're stretching things a bit...
I wouldn't say he went to the gay community as support at all.

It was a carefully worded response written by a team of PR people that knew they were probably screwed regardless and took an open gamble to garner public  support/pity. It might carry an amount of honesty about being gay, but that wasn't an unknown thing by most people.

It obviously backfired. They probably assumed this would be a Mel Gibson/Paula Deen "do-over" type of thing where he'd apologize, cry on TV, disappear for awhile, then come back in 5 years. Obviously now we know that's not the case. This will likely ruin him permanently.
100%. That part where he mentions that if something or someone could cause Martin Lawrence to run half naked through the streets basically out of his mind, that it's some crazy fucked up shit in entertainment that isn't openly talked about but is well acknowledged by everyone who works in it.

"Maybe the person isn't sick, maybe the environment he's in is sick."
"we"

Lol are you trying to insinuate that Reddit in any way, shape, or form affected the downfall of Kevin Spacey?

Put that crack pipe down.
Bring the mutha fucking ruckus
Say hi to Bubba for me at the next cross burning!
Boom! Pretzel bread!!!!!
Damn the downvotes, I laughed.
Thank you for your service.
BAH GAWD HES BROKEN IN HALF!!!!!!!!
Fake news launcher.

Dead.
Being a bears fan is like playing Black Monopoly: you never win, you just do a little bit better each time.

(Except for the last 4 years, they don't count.)
Posted by Jesus of Nazareth

Nice try, Lucifer. Name doesn't check out.
Oh don't worry, I won't be going anywhere near 2 minutes.....
Shit lold
Well in comparison to cigs a human smokes a much smaller amount of marijuana. No one's smoking a pack of joints a day.

Well except for Snoop Dogg. But he's the exception.
Congrats codyjoe! You made the front page!!!! Hahahahaha
God dude you are fucking clueless. I probably spent 4+ years surfing 4chan and I have yet to find someone as laughable or sperglordy as you.
This response could literally not be better. Oh my God 
Lol you're the fucking incel plastered all over Reddit!! You're famous for being a cuck! Instead of being a pussy I turned my life around, got fit as hell, and fuck girls left and right.

Keep jerking off on your laptop (couldn't even afford a desktop) and crying about how the world owes you something.
Ugly and fucking losers lol
Oh my God what a loser....
Eh love supporting the VAs and adultswim/toonami and all but I'm hard pressed to stay up late to watch it. I think I watched all the way up to the eng dub cutoff on hulu
Nah, it's weird.
This. They said they "called her" and she didn't admit to the theft, then telling the Uber driver "yeah she said she didn't do it so its not our problem, call the police instead."
Wowwwwwwww
Spotted the Dane Cook fan
What do you think about being immortalized by probably the greatest stand up comedian ever, Dave Chappelle? His bit about you is absolutely hysterical.
But what about Cthulu?
This kids the visual representation of early Fresh Prince and Jazzy Jeff albums.
Not even sure where I left off (mid ninja war) but I don't have the patience to wait for dub releases. 

Eh I don't have the attention span to stay interested is what I mean to say.

Wikipedia here I come 
Excuse me sir but my Velociraptor here is a SERVICE ANIMAL. 
So basically the north and south of the USA flip flopped?
Works on mine
Moto Z2 force Charging when off goes from 0 to 70 percent in about 35 minutes.

Feels good man.
Sounds like you both had your own issues. He shouldn't have been so pathetic about his mom and your relationship was weakend enough that an argument about getting chicken caused a divorce. It sounds like you're leaving other details out that obviously led up to you being so easily frustrated with each other. 

Go get some counseling and move on with your life.
The same reason Kevin Spacey will still have a career in the future: 

You go on TV, apologize nationally, disappear for 6 years, then start working again.

Worked for Paula Deen, Mel Gibson, etc. They just bide some time while sitting on their millions.

A la Bill Burr.
RIGGS!!!!!!
Bad time to plug the .Hack series on crunchy roll???

Ehhh I'll left myself out.
Impressive 
Pictured are my Adidas Super Salas, 7 years of wear and tear on them.
Did this MI5 agent by chance have giant red boxing gloves?
For sure the Adidas actually have some crazy tough rubber on the front toe. I've never had issues with 'ES though, especially the suede ones.
Coraline dunks are GOAT
Nope just posting it because I like the shoe! If I bought ant Laika shoe it'd be the Coraline dunks for sure.
Resident Evil 4 chainsaw controller. What else needs to be said?
Evga SC 1070. Flawless for 1080p, near flawless at 2570×1080, and just falls short of 4k mostly very high @60fps
Lol the fuck you talking about? As a 4 year old ADHD kid loaded on pixie stix and Pepsi, I could relate more to the super sonic blue blur running at near epileptic seizure inducing speeds while some orange thing with a tail repeatedly died from drowning.
American Graffiti cemented his acting ability. It was just bonus points from there.
Darude- Sandstorm
Confirmed they are Nike Air Force 1 Hi Retro QS in Summit White and Team Red, one of the reissues of the original 6 AF1 colors. It is considered by some a "special edition" shoe but it doesn't seem that highly sought after online. Having said that I grew up here in the Midwest as a Bulls fan and having some white and red nike gear is always worth having.
On the tag it does say summit white
No I mean just keep. Are they any certain edition or is there a number on the shoe tag I can search to find out?
Uh doesn't the AWD add a good portion of weight itself? I would agree any v6 sedan would be heavier for sure.
I've owned 2 3000gts, both a base 91 and a 96 VR4, and I was always impressed how Mitsubishi made that 6g72 (?) Dohc 3.0 v6 make 222 bhp IN 1991.

Weren't most v-8 fox bodies making like 240 bhp?? And that was just the base trim 3000gt. The VR4 made 300 whp (320 by 99) in 1991. Add in AWD, AWS, active aero, active exhaust, and that sick ass A/C screen and you have why it's one of my all time favorite cars, maintenance aside.
I'm guessing they do the same that alot of DSM/3000gt guys do and just throw aftermarket boost controller/cheap intake on and crank up the boost?
Yeah and if you buy a NA Subaru engine you can basically convince yourself it's a brz/frs/86 ;) 

I mean I know I would.
Driver error. I drove a fwd del sol with better quality all seasons and no traction control/abs through 2 Iowa winters with a 35 minute backroad commute into town and never crashed.

In fact the only time I think I've ever wrecked was stupidly going into a tight left turn in neutral with cold all seasons on a cold rainy day and basically spun 180 degrees and tapped my bumped on a guard rail. Not sure why I did something so dumb.

Which brings me around to this: we all have lapses on judgement and screwup. We're human. So take that into consideration too.
Most OLDER daily cars has that amount. Newer stock v6s put out at least 300hp anymore. And by newer I mean anything from almost 8 years ago on.

And I'd say the second part is a fair argument and I'd agree with it.
I'm sorry but just because a car has 40 hp more than most vehicles and has AWD doesn't mean it's a goddamn race car. And don't basis it on Subarus past of rally racing. The REAL Subaru race cars (look up the video of Tommy M. Driving with Tsuchiya) cost near a million dollars.
Are imprezas awd and turbo as well? Wow I had no idea the entry on them was anywhere under 25k. That's not a bad price.
Timing belts are forgivable though. They aren't that uncommon.
A new Subaru is under $20,000? Which one?
Dude I drive a Honda fit. The only Evo I own is on video games.

Personally speaking I prefer the VR4 over the Evo though. Just personal bias.
Yeah I hear the auto trans (not sure if they're all cvts) on Altimas and Maximas are just prone to disaster. Was the reason I didn't end up getting an Altima Coupe .
For those of you that down voted me, I'm not here to argue or talk shit because I love everything from shitty Isuzu pickups to Zondas. 

What is the average maintenance cost of a Subaru vs a Honda or Toyota and which has the higher reliability rating?

Also yes yes I know smiles per gallon. I'm not arguing on basis of a fun car I'm arguing on basis of having ONE SINGLE CAR you rely on day in and day out 100% of the time. 

I hate coming off as an asshole because I'm new to Reddit but I have a hard time seeing how a wrx would be a good pick for that. I've never owned one but all I hear about is how much they cost to maintain. Maybe one of you can enlighten me otherwise?
At least most Mitsubishi's are super reliable as long as you do the 60k services (mostly oil pump and timing belt/pulleys).

Not that their auto transmissions are much better.
Name one other car that is Japanese and has as many reliability issues as Subaru?

Exactly. There's none. It's a Japanese car with all of the headaches of a German one. 

I'm not saying they aren't awesome. I'm saying they suck to own unless you NEED to pony up and use awd all the time in heavy snow states.
Why does it remind me of a Chrysler 300? Ugh Honda what are you doing???????
Easy there, Jay Cutler. You'll get your chance to be just as equally hated.
Unfortunate this happens. Makes it hard to play through a whole race. 
God fuck you megan
Cool thanks!
Shit I just saw this shirt today next to another one that said "tokyo burger run '86" at tj Maxx... My gf works there and always shows me random stuff like this.
I did the same thing with my doctor.

Then I remembered I'm 26 and I've had him since I was about 9, and that he has 30 years of medical experience and I have 20 minutes of panicd Google search experience.

Take my advice on this one: trust your doctor . And go find something to do so you're not sitting and worrying all the time.
Can anyone comment on needing more RAM for higher than 1080p resoultions? (Mostly 4k)
Thanks! MSRP was $125 and I got them for about $32
Yeah I never would've guessed a cold weather skate shoe would be comparable.
New to the shoe game. Didn't realize people on here took things so harshly..... Makes it seem harder to get into.
Really wasn't aware of what timbs were. Thanks for the input guys.
I'm feeling the cum white ones.
It's a fit sport that has 29,000 miles on it owned by my 2 grandparents, sold to me for $7000. For the price I got it for, I'd really like to keep it in the neat new condition it's in. Because it's barely broken in yet. I know it's not a type r or a rx7, but I bought it to be a good street car and I've never had a "new" car before.

Trust me if I had enough money I'd be dailying my VR4, but I don't have the spare funds to fix it right now.
Didn't know they're so pricey.. shit
Next day shipping
Feasible to got Vossens?
It's only one wheel... But honestly no. Was waiting to go aftermarket.
No theyre definitely alloys then.
Not sure other than knowing they're a 16 inch, 1 inch bigger than the base trim
Loved that show. Favorite scene is when Andy is arguing with Jim and he yells "what are you, high??" And Jim just blankly smiles back at him with no verbal response.

Pretty sure AS hasn't aired it in forever though. It was a 1 season 10 episode run on WB and that was it.
It's ok, Hank. Just don't burn down the dealership.
Just bought one marked down from $180 to $50. Even more excited now 
Came back surprised to see how much this blew up. I loved old school Forum and special blend gear from playing Amped 2 like 4 months before I started snowboarding. About to finally go again this season after 3 years and I bought around $600 of special blend gear super marked down for $120 from thehouse.com and I'm STOKED for it to show up.

Thanks for your input everyone
Were those rare Lakai release Coraline shoes dunks? I would sell my kidney to find a pair of those, even reps.
Rear wheel drive light weight drivers car

"Not a sports car"

Shiggy diggy doo
Where'd everyone go? Bingo?
Woah easy there Lenny Kravitz
"Please hold this hollow infantry armor while I shove this Black Knight Halbred up this guys ass."
I knew nobody was going to believe this lol. Honest to God it was coincidence.
"basically just ruined his career".

Yeah I have a hard time believing that.
The other guy (Frank Fritz) comes into my store all the time for phone stuff. He's always super nice but it catches me off guard every time he swears 
I've actually been looking at buying multiple decks and mounting them up on the wall for some diy home decor shit. This one is PERFECT.
Finding one asap
Sick deck which model is it?
Yeah went there alone to just push around (hate being in the way for people who can really skate at busier hours), and 2 other guys ended up showing up. One of em ended up talking me and the other guy into trying it and we both it it first time.

He was like "ya just gotta do it". So fuck it try it and I'm looking back at him like "holy shit he was right".
Clean ass Reebok's for $40?????
I can hear the Sonic theme song playing over this in my head.
Why did I laugh so much at this 
Unexpected AIDS reference.
Are there any doctors that surf this sub? I imagine they'd be horrified if they did.
All hands on deck
Fantastic execution.
This is accurate. AlbinoBlackSheep was the OG YouTube, not ebaums. They basically did the successful version of what 9gag/Reddit did to 4chan.
I live in upper middle class Iowa suburban area and it is literally difficult to go 3 lights without seeing an older male/retired female driving an automatic mustang/Corvette. I almost see them more than civics, crossovers, etc.

There is a guy near me that has a decent looking SRT-4 and it sits outside this vape shape every day. Not sure if he DDs it or it's just always broken but it's a bit more refreshing than the 35 blue or silver WRXs that run around here. Or the obligatory IROC/lifted pickup/Jeep Bros.
I didn't want this visual imagery in my head right now....
Damn that sucks :( you were a good one, Lahey. Thanks for one shit blizzard of a good time 
Daaaaaang
DANG. OL. MEGALOMART.
Is that a joke? Go read guru3ds Ryzen 1600 reviews. What third world country are you living in where a DUAL CORE offers a great user experience??? Quad cores are almost dated at this point!!!! Stop drinking the Kool aid. There's no shame in admitting you can't afford good hardware but don't be salty and try to make up "alternative facts". The 1300x is better in all ways and loses maybe 30-40% of the time in SPECIFIC Intel favored games AND offers a better Windows experience.
 http://www.guru3d.com/articles_pages/amd_ryzen_5_1600_review,24.html

"The more I test quad-core processors the less excited I am getting about them. A move to six and eight-core processors to me feels like the right thing to do as I do feel my overall desktop experience is much snappier and faster compared to any brand quad-core CPU, really go ask some users in our forums as it really feels and seems faster. "
Toaster strudel edition
I'll take your sti wing and raise you one ridiculous OEM 99 VR4 combat wing.

That thing looks like it's made by NASA.
How can you possibly justify losing 2 physical cores for any amount of money? I don't even want to imagine how fast I'd want to kill myself using Windows 10 with only 2 cores.
Can you give us a general walk-through on the series of different Robins (Tim, Dick, etc.) And how exactly Arkham Knight and the newer DC Batman animated films play into canon Batman history? I've always found it a bit confusing attaching all the Batman series together chronologically.
Have you had a chance to play the Batman Arkham games?
Missing: my sides 
Thanks!! More chicken breast is all I need.
My best friend from first grade gave me this game to keep before we moved away. It was the tallest Sega cartridge I've ever seen. 

I played the hell out of it. Thanks, Brandon McGuire of Davenport, IA. You were a real bro.
Come here for the first time and see this post first. 

My sides are no more.
Hahahahaha yeah pretty accurate 
Thanks!!
Update: found out they're "Jordan Rising Highs" in Laser Orange. $120 MSRP

http://jordansdaily.com/2015/11/24/jordan-rising-high-laser-orange/
https://i.imgur.com/GptBcXN.jpg
LG G6 is the better long term investment for not so much more money 
I'd look into a LG v20. They're about to price drop because of the v30 launch.

Would also look into the LG G6 for around $400, or if you really wanna make the jump, the Moto Z2 force. It's FANTASTIC
Cheers
Can someone tell me how to get the phone I have listed near my name on my posts here?
Funny, I havent seen any decepticons around lately.
"I kiss your dad on the mouth on weekends, faggot."
Yeah they went out of business for like 4 or 5 years and then restarted.
Still super impressive. I went from 220-175 then back up to 200 and I still have some super noticeable purple stretch marks on my inner thighs/hips. Much more noticeable than you by far.

http://imgur.com/4iXXRwy
I'm most impressed how good of shape your skin is still in! I cant see any visible stretch marks or anything.

Nice genetics.
Yeah i need at least an 11. Thanks for the offer though.
For sure I hate how hard it is to find old releases. Id kill to find a clean pair of Kostons again.
This particular shoe is the 'es SLB mid in black leather.
Yeah when they went out of business forever ago I was crushed. Besides Circa the 'es were always my go to since the Bob Burnquist gold vert early x games days. Clean shoe, durable, and most of all COMFORTABLE. I distinctly remember a white pair of Koston signature 6s or 7s I had that had a plaid covering up front, one of the nicest shoes I've ever owned.

'es new shoes are SUPER versatile between the Accel Slim, OG accel, etc. Highly recommend looking into them for anyone that doesnt just wanna pick up another paid of Nike SBs.
Bluetooth is handy but I enjoy music quality and the LG V30 has the quad DAC set up with the 3.5 mm jack along with higher quality music file suppprt.
Its actually a very hard to find case. Ive only managed to find 1 on microcenter website for $300.

Not as easy as just buying it. But the inwin 303 is a close second looks wise.
When you're walking through one of the more entry parts of the island in Resident Evil 4, you're creeping through a bloody gooey old laboratory when after you take a blind turn, a gentleman explodes out of what appears to be a large oven in flames and sprints towards you out of nowhere.

Nearly shit my pants the first time. On a side note, if you examine it Leon says "What was that guy doing in here?"

Leon always asking the hard hitting questions.
The name.... is Betty. You son of a pig.
Legit was going to buy a 1080ti until square said even with the 1080ti they have in their rig, it still wasn't enough for 4k ultra 60fps on FF15 PC.

Gonna wait to jump up from the 1070 until next gen.
Dark Souls: Urban Warfare
Uhhh ive been on close to 60mg of adderall XRs a day and I rarely move my jaw that much... Sometimes my teeth are a bit sore from focusing on whatever I'm doing and not moving, but im sure as hell not doing that.
Recals on GE8 s?
Just bought one for all the hd remakes that haven't shown up on ps4 yet (Metal Gear Solid especially)
Dark as fuck.

Fortunately for you I enjoy the darkness. Good chuckle.
Yeah but a 17 year old trying to talk to her friend next to her is not going to exert the effort to do that.

Trust me. I know.
Keep us updated on the damage. Could just be the mobo/psu
This advice is sketchy and terrible.....

But if you happened to run over to Best Buy and buy another same 1080 ti, and then returned the broken one in its place and claim its a defect, you could keep the new one and at least recover that.

Scumbaggy advice but its not like it goes back out on the floor and I feel super bad about your loss. Will definitely be unplugging always during storms now.
Legit looking into this now as well...
Insane stomach gains! From flab to a hard defined line all the way down the middle.

What would you still like to improve on from here? Any specific goals in mind?
AZZA csa9 Titan tempered glass case: $60

Just gotta shop around. Segotep also makes a nice budget case, as well as ThermalTake
Youll never learn unless you just do it. The hardest part is probably attaching the pc case buttons because the pins are so small but even with that you wpuldnt be able to break anything from hooking it up wrong.

Relax, take pictures, be methodical, have fun.
My pc has a led logo on the power shroud that covers the psu. I also have a Molex extender I use to power what little Molex items I have.

Instead of plugging in the LED, I accidentally plugged a female to male molex into the extender and thus was essentially rerouting that circuit DIRECTLY back into the PSU.

Long story short, I turn pc power on, it flashes for a second, then shuts off. Because im stupid, I continue to power on the PC about 20 more times until it won't turn on at all anymore.

Casualties: MSI am3+ board: $140
8350 cpu: $130
Hue+: $60
Wifi card: $50

Best part is I kept trying to redo the pc with a new mobo/cpu and couldn't ever get it to work, only to find out 2 months of trying later that it was the fried network card making the system crash.

Fun times.
For sure!

Case: AZZA csa9 Titan
Motherboard: ASUS strix b350-f 
Cpu: Ryzen 1300x @ 3.8 
GPU: EVGA SC ACX 3.0 1070 
RAM: Patriot viper 3000mhz
Psu: corsair 700 watt modular 
Case fans: 5 thermal take RIING rgb fans
Cpu cooler: currently stock heatsink
Memory: 128 gig SanDisk ssd and 1 tb 7200 rpm WD drive
Lighting: cheap offbrand LEDs. Awaiting hue plus to show up.

As far as the setup around me:
Desk: some crazy cherry oak executive desk that was like $500 that I got for free from family

Monitors: top LG 29 inch ultrawide 2560x1080
bottom: HP 25 es ips 1080p 
Left of me: 55 inch Toshiba 4k google cast TV
Stereo monitors: M-audio AV42s
Audio: Behringer u-phoria DAC for guitar input
Astro a-40 TR external mixamp 
Headphones: Hyper x cloud stingers (50mm)
Sony MDR XB 950 Xtra bass headphones
Some cheaper Sennhesiers for audio editing as well.

I also bought a near full size Buster sword that sits to the left of me. I just tell people about it so I justify the money I spent on it.

I think that's about it.


For sure! That ryzen platform has such a low entry cost so its super easy to piece together an entry rig for not so much money (gpu mining craze aside)
Yeah I'm going to be order another mobo and then throw this cpu into a surprise build for one of my friends dad whos a huge FPS fan
Yeah its a slight annoyance, having said that I've got a Hue plus on the way and with that much lighting the rgb of the board is hardly visible.
http://m.imgur.com/Iu6YPy8,fQcv2I2,75REfbr,wxfAhDS
Was mad at myself for buying the Asus strix b350f with the offsets in OC and all but this makes me not mind so much.
http://m.imgur.com/Iu6YPy8,fQcv2I2,75REfbr,wxfAhDS
Instructions unclear, got dick stuck in leg press machine and accidentally talked to mark zuckerburg about facebook police.

The consequences will never be the same.
By chance sir, do you drive a Chevrolet movie theatre?
The 3000gt vr4 also had 4 wheel steering and ran production from 1991-1999 in the United states.

Look up the concept version one they did for some random Jackie Chan movie. It was essentially a vr4 with a Targa top and a different spoiler. (Not to be confused with the spyder vr4s)

Also not sure, but both the Galant vr4 as well as certain Honda Prelude Si's were advertised as 4 wheel steering as well.
Its like a IRL Monty Python sketch
Thanks everyone for the input/criticism! Always looking to inprove everything.
Words to live by
I hear he got it from a funky ball of tits from outer space.
Not sure if its a sig but it could have been a custom shop model... Those sell for alot more than $4500 though usually.
Love the 30th Ann. run. I picked up the SE version awhile ago.

http://imgur.com/fhM4giM
For sure. $30 a month isn't TERRIBLE, especially considering it means I wont be tacking on $40 extra for cable through mediacom before all sorts of little charges pop up, especially when after the 1st year the entire price sky rockets.
No kidding. Factor in the idea of 4k content (40 gigs to download a 4k movie vs using like 3x that in just random 4k streaming) and apply that to your eventual monthly data cap from your ISP and the piracy option is very attractive even outside of saving money.

Having said that I got a DCIM copyright notice literally yesterday so I need to cool it for a few werjs. 

Another option if youve got a 4k setup and don't wanna burn through your data cap is find a local movie rental place (family video in the Midwest) and RENT 4k blu rays.

Its actually kind of fun. Reminds me of when it was fun to go to blockbuster but without the higher prices.
[Gear] FINALLY GOT A PRS!!!!!

https://www.reddit.com/r/Guitar/comments/5ryfzv/gear_finally_got_a_prs/
For sure! I was always super into PRS guitars (used to have a Schecter c1 classic) but obviously could never afford one. So last year I told myself id buy a high end SE and if I liked it id buy a USA model.

This is a 2015 release 30th anniversary SE custom 24 and I fucking love it so far. Was gonna put those SD alphea/omega pickups in it but I love the versatility so much i think I'm just gonna go buy a newer ibanez or ltd for the lower tuned stuff.

Id highly recommend those newer se custom 24s though. I think the only exclusive of the 30th Ann. SEs was the binding and the color choices.
Saved
Bottom is a 25 inch 1080 ips led, top is 29 inch ultrawide 2560×1080, tv is 55 inch 4k.

Can be hard to find matching wallpapers across all fronts.
Laziness and lack of Photoshop experience. 

Also only plugging into the tv when I want to use 4k.
100%. If you still have junk food time to time its fine but youll know you've made that life commitment when youre sitting there thinking about your food intake every time you think about eating. It just becomes second nature.
This is so accurate and it seems the opioid epidemic people don't get this. They stare at the side of it from their point of view and don't ever think what its like from the doctors side. Thats what makes it so much more difficult then "hurr durr stop giving out pain pills to anyone."

Stop giving pain pills to a football player thats been on them for years consistently and he'll turn to something worse. You cant just cut people off out of nowhere because "opiods is bad, mmmmkay"
Or you could stop being a pussy and go live your life to the fullest. 
Just happened to me too. Severe side pain on right side. Remember hearing a weird pop a few days ago but ignore that and get anxious about appendix.

Went to doctor yesterday and he said dislocated a whole series of nerves off of cartilage that attaches to one of my lower ribs.

I wish it would have just been my appendix.
The ecu will negate and tune out any exhaust/intake/etc mods you do and tune the car for econonny. Often it seems alot of guys in the forums would actually LOSE low end tq and gain a small amount of top end power. Personally for DD or city driving, id find this detrimental.

Ge8 sports all come with front and rear sway bars so maybe try to source one from them?
There it is, the stupidest fucking thing ill read all day.
Nah you mostly did haha. Thanks and good work
Ah for sure. Shouldve figured.
Do you find yourself using more traditional squats or assissted machines?
Thought it looked cool and was essentially the same power plant/drive train as the jdm rs so didnt think it was super ricey.

I wasnt expect this negative of a reaction so I guess I'm back to the drawing board.
Ehh every search for honda fit rs I do has them with front badges. But I'm guessing thats just newer 3rd gen us spec models and not the ge8 jdm models (if those are even rs models)
This comment has been the direct cause of me giggling for the last 20 minutes. Thank you.
Sub $100 options: InWin 303 case or AZZA titan tempered glass mid tower case

Sub $200 options: Corsair crystal 560x case or Anidees crystal tempered glass case
"111 degrees?!? Phoenix cant really be that hot can it?"

"Oh my god its like standing on the sun." -Bobby Hill

"This city should not exist. It is a monument to mans ignorance." -Peggy Hill
Lol never buy a 3000gt if you think timing belts aren't important
Never go to jiffy lube. Go to local owned shops.

Oil changes every 3-5k (you should be checking pil level now and then for consumption)

Visiual inspection of suspension parts every 30k or so

Transmission flush/fluid change every 50k or so

Rotate tires every 15k

Change timing belt/spark plugs at 60 k-80k depending on car (timing chains are usually 100k) along with water and oil pump while they have it tore down to do the belt/chain

Inspect engine bay every so often to make sure battery/wires look like theyre in good shape.

I mean that's a huge chunk of just basic maintenance right there 
Miss the personality, dont miss the rattles and the chassis flex.
My sister and I were adopted by my parents when were like 3 and 4 by my grandparents because my dad couldnt handle having 2 kids at like 23 and just wanted to party more and my mom could sink back into her high school recreation drug habits. Supposedly when it got bad and we lived with my mom in a small trailer, dhs came one day and found the place stacked with trash knee high and 3 year old me wandering around with a can of raid pointed at my eyes.

My grandpa and grandma (she passed away from various illnesses when I was 16 in her 50s) raised us and gave us the best damn life they could. They knew there was a hole from them not being our "real" mom and dad but they gave it everything they had after both having just finished raising their own kids (my grandpa's daughter getting pregnant at like 15, my grandmas daughter (mom) being a constant partier/troublesome kid, and my uncle who went on to teach music at UofBoulder, Kent state, and then UMASS) so they had their handfuls already and STILL took us in.

My grandpa had a son named Matt who passed away when he was 13, about a year before I was born. He died in a jet ski accident when some immigrant lady who had no idea what she was doing rammed into the side of him at high speed. I cant imagine what that day was like.

I remember having some stupid argument with him when I was like 12 and basically overheard my grandma tell him "I know he'll never be Matt, but hes still your grandson and he's the closest you got" or something along those lines. Was like a gut check of reality punch straight to the stomach. I think I laid there and thought about it in our window for maybe an hour. It slowly started to piece together in my head what the reality of our upbringing really was.

Of course after calming down and looking out the window sulking for about an hour, heres my fucking grandpa with his Lethal Weapon era Mel Gibson hair scooting down our sidewalk on my Pokemon skateboard trying to make me laugh.

Man I love that guy. So damn much. Loved being able just to call him today and whine about my problems and say happy fathers day. He gave it all over and over and over again through his life, and when he retired recently and we were selling that house, I remember he told me "You know out of anyone I've ever lived with besides your grandma, ive been with you the longest."

Wouldnt have had it any other way.
Some of those trd 2000gts (wide mr2) were north of 500hp.... In a 2800 pound mid ship.

Bit more than cosmetic lol. But modern day trd would meet that criteria almost to a tee.
True story, having said that the TRD 2000gt (widebody mr2 with insane factory HP) is a fucking jem and one of the sweetest in the entire history of toyota.
Loved 13 alot. Honestly if they ever came out with a new nhl game on pc id play it no matter how shit it was.
A COSMIC CASTAWAY

OH YEAHHHHHH

Man nothing ever could recapture that low budget generic 2000s alternative rock" sound ever again. 

Possibly only beaten in music by Disney Channels original "Motocrossd".
Jesus, take off the tin foil hate dude....... We constantly encourage people to find used phones as a financial savvy alternative to buying newer phone from us if they cant afford it....

What the fuck are you even on about?
Uhhhh ok?
I can't speak for most but I work for US Cellular here in the USA and we offer to unlock any phone that's been paid off if it was purchased during a financed phone agreement. Most newer Samsungs or IPhones are already unlocked and available for use on whatever carrier youd like, along with the fact that our Total Plans only commitment is not a contract but only you paying off the entirety of whatever phone the customer chooses. 

I always try to explain that 3-4 times to every customer to make sure they understand that. K hate seeing people feel like they were tricked into staying with us and thats NOT how our store wants to do business. 

We try to use other carriers phones on our service but the simple fact is our towers only let us use certain providers phones (I believe were CDMA towers, dont quote me on that.)
Love your videos! Katie is my cousin and speaks of you regularly!! Hope to see you at a family meet up here eventually!!
Fuck off Lahey
10/10
For those wondering about the current setup:

AZZA titan tempered glass case,
Evga 1070 s.c.,
Amd 1100t 6 core,
Some crappy Asus m-atx board (previous 8320 and msi board died recently, get cheap spare parts in mean time),
Hp IPS led 25 es,
Older hp 16x9 monitors on sides,
Razer chroma keyboard,
Roccat cheap mouse,
Cheap insignia speakers/sub,
Behringer UM2 audio interface,
Astro a-40 mixamp,
Hyper x cloud stinger stereo headset.
Also please forgive my spelling lol
I plan to: pickup my new desk in about 4 days, purchase an ultrawide and possibly cut down on monitors to save room, receive my am4 board, 1600 cpu, second hue plus kit for new desk backlighting, reposition our 55inch 4k parallel to the new setup for added convenience, purchase a new tv stand for the tv to cut down on space, get a set of studio monitors for my prs se custom 24 as well as some kind of couch and new office chair. As always, any input/suggestions on any of these parts/items would be much appreciated!!
Great work. On a side note, I use alot of guitar amp sims and I'm looking into getting a pair of fairly low volume studio monitors for guitar as well as daily media use. Can you make any recommendations? I wont be doing much mixing so the eq balance isnt a big deal to me.
JNCO jeans and those tech deck t shirts that came with the free skateboard/bike. 

You never even cared how the shirt looked, you just bought it for the toy.
Makes me think of the "cooking with scorpion" video they added to Deadly Alliance. https://youtu.be/C-c4U6XRtvc
Will I be ok to just request a new axle nut when I get a new wheel hub bearing/alignment tomorrow?
I recently hit a exposed sewer cover /pot hole in my 95 del sol. It started to feel lately like the car would sway left/right and on the way home today it literally felt likethe wheel was going to fall off.

I recently had both lower ball joints replaced as well as all tie rods. I knew I still had to do a wheel hub bearing and get an alignment but typically with bad wheel hub bearings when theyre really bad they make a loud noise (I had none).

I get out and check my wheels today and both rims appear to be cracked like this in the front. Am I correct in assuming that these rims are destroyed and was what was causing that loose wheel feeling?
Is the middle of the rim supposed to be completely cracked like that?
Love it, OP. I got this 2015 30th anniversary se custom 24 roughly 8 months ago and have loved it ever since. Wish I could have gotten the signatured prs headstock like all the new ones though!!!

http://imgur.com/fhM4giM
Stole this
Geeeeeeet it on!!!!!!
Holy crap came back and so many upvotes! Thanks guys, I hope you can draw inspiration off this and eat as much chicken breast as you can humanly consume.
Much gracias
Thanks!!!
Awesome thanks! I'm more technically inclined but it's hard to implement the majority of metal/prog sweeps into a new genre. One step at a time!
Is it on the stock suspension? Mines on lowering springs and it rides really rough on not so nice city roads. Assumed it was just the short wheelbase.
Bullshit. My boss prmoised me it was consistent hours in my store with employment at least through the end of 2017. I now dont have a job and I wish I never would have taken it.

Some of us weren't told that it was seasonal at all. And it seemed a great offer ($16/hour, 30hours a week)
Hi there! I made a reddit post a few days ago regarding this very subject (and had since deleted it)

Let me fill in some REAL info for you: most of us were serious gamers who LOVED the product.

We got paid a MINIMUM of $16/hr, some of us more.

I almost NEVER had any issues with my personal demo station.

People of all ages loved the demos and we sold at least 3-4 a week no issue, we constantly would sell out.

I dont know why I'm defending the oculus when I was FIRED a few days ago for making a thread asking any of the other reps if they still had jobs after they basically cut ALL COMMUNICATION between each other after announcing the "changes" coming.

I keep noticing this pattern of behavior. If someone doesn't like the oculus, its like the whole sub reddit attacks someone. There was nothing wrong with my particular demo station and it was successful. I lost my job due to proper lack of communication and for that I'm unhappy at oculus, but life goes on. Some of these reps were hard working smart people. And your comment is a spit in their face.
Yeah I looked at a lot of mh-1000 ltds before the PRS. Would still like to pickup some kind of mod spec ibanez or ltd for the lower tunings.
Thanks!!! Was a bit skeptic of the "orange" color but besides this and some of the other limited run 30th Ann. (Namely the Gothic purple one), I felt like this had the most natural looking wood finish.
For suuuuuuuuuuure. Now I just stare at every other guitar and say "fucks sake I want (insert guitar name)" ;)
480 is outperforming the 1060 with current drivers. By a decent margin. Go look at current benchmarks.

Coming from a 1060->480->1070 owner
Touche
Thanks! I'm hoping after I get the x52 kraken I'll be done with flashy bullshit and actually focus on new hardware lol
for anyone that just wants to see the finished build without pouring through the un-intentionally un-organized imgur photos: http://i.imgur.com/IDCFntJ.jpg
Why? It feels very study even with everything on it.
I just simply don't have the money yet to get matching ones lol. I actually started off with a y50 laptop I traded for a used desktop and upgraded parts in it from there. Everything I have was more or less leftover bits and pieces I got here and there. So I'm hoping to upgrade with 1 more of the same HP IPS led 25 inch and possibly a 2k or 4k monitor for the middle.

I just got a really good job so I'm just waiting to reap the financial benefits ;) should be going piece by piece soon.
Previous setup before some upgrades

http://imgur.com/wvHPrxF
Thank you!
I've actually gotten used to it but I admit it's strange. Thanks for the input still got some work to do!
Its just been a cheap temporary solution until I can get some mounted studio monitors. Im.also just trying to grab 2 of the same 25 inch monitors just to round everything out.

I got the desk for like $30 on Craigslist. Maybe I'll look into another one. Thanks for the input.